P glota and (tauwnte. " SOCIAL Doings" in tte Teleqraph has the following :-" It is stated that the engagement of a Defence Force officer of high rank -with a lovely Darling Downs belle has been broken off." Who is it ? THE Worker suggests that we should revert to the old method of using the police to compile the electoral rolls. It has arrived at this conclusion since Mr. Hardacre, one of its new chum Union officials was fined £15 for roll- stuffing. A STDNET fool is reported to have lately received £10,000, the prooeeds of an English legacy. He drew £1000 a week, and gave hundreds of pounds away to barmaids until all the money was gone-the £10,000 lasting about ten weeks-and he is now lurk ing at street corners for free drinks. THE Toowoomba Chronicle says in the last issue received :-" It is stated that Archbishop Dawes is a candidate for the Bishopric of Goulburn, New South Wales." We forget how long it is since the Coadjutor Bishop was made an Archbishop; also we cannot understand why His Grace is located at Rockhampton instead of Sydney or Mel bourne. THE following notice to unionists in published among the official advertisements of the Worker :-" Owing to the victimising of unionists by means of the pastoralists' dis charge system, the following minute was passed by the C.D.C. at a meeting held on June 4th, 1892: 'That members of the Queensland Shearers' and Queensland La bourers' Unions may accept Employers' Dis charges without prejudice to the cause of unionism for the current year.' W. C. CUBITS, Secretary. Barcaldine, June 6th." . . THE Peak Downs paper is severe on Rockhampton. In cominentlng*~Upon" the movement to establish a Cremation Society in Rockhampton, the editor remarks, "We should say Rockhampton is a very suitable place for a Crematorium. It possesses many natural advantages." It was a publican in Barcaldine who remarked that he supposed they always used "separators" at the " creamatorium." THE Referee is responsible for the following interesting paragraph :-A gentle man in Sydney took four 10s. tickets in a sweep on the Birthday Cup. The sweep did not quarter fill. The tickets drew two £5 prizes, which, of course, had to be paid in proportion. When the gentleman reckoned up what he had to draw he discovered he was 8d. out by tho transaction, after deducting the postage. He says he never had such a shock before. Latest information states he is recovering. THE Jolm Miller says a requisition is being largely signed in the metropolitan electorates wanting to know " If you aro coming, Charlie Lilley?" Well, Charlie isn't. He is not a practical, but a specula tive politician. When a new Government begins to reduce the salaries of members of Parliament and officials of State, and takes ten per cent, from the Chief Justice's salary then Charles may como down from his perch. But not before, dear fellow workers, not before. THE liquidation of the Commercial Bank of S.A., which has dragged on for six years and cost about £40,000 in law expenses, was again before the Adelaide Supreme Court last week. It was touching to look at six heavily-feed council sympathetically listening to an even more heavily-paid Q.C. pleading that the thing should be settled and no more law costs incurred. Finally, the Court ordered a special meeting to be held to ask the share holders whether they have had enough law, or whether they would like to " blew" the £20,000 in hand in an action against the directors'? BT the .Telunga, which left for London on Tuesday, tho Queensland Pine apple Company sent away fifty cases of canned pineapples, half of which are intended for London, while the other moiety will be placed on the Berlin market. This event marks the foundation of a new industry which it is hoped will assume large proportions. The company expect to reach an annual export trade of 20,000 or 30,000 cases, which should considerably relieve the local market, and prevent that glutting of the southern markets which has been so frequent of late. UNDEE the heading of " How they do it at Fitzroy," the War Cry publishes the following blood and glory par :-Last Thurs day we had a sort of upside down, any-how you-like meeting, combined with a fruit soiree. Ensign Shorland and Sergeant-major Chaffey, the happy little man of the J.S. War, led tts on, arter finishing their meeting with the^juniors. At tho close of the meet ing we rejoioed*T^h the angels in heaven over six precious sntls at Hie CTOBS. Halle lujah! While out Cry selling, yours truly -bombarded a young lady about her soul, and the shot fired took effect, with the result that ehe got saved and took her place on the plat form, and a few nights after in one of our meetings she went down off the platform, tackled her young man about his soul, and stuok to him till she landed him at the peni tent-form, where he also got well saved. Moral, young ladies-" Go and do likewise." THE other day a N.S.W. Member of Parliament contributed three guineas to a School of Arts innis constituency, whereupon the secretary wrote back like this :-" Dear Sir,-Many thanks for your liberal subscrip tion. The committee have another favour to ask of you : they intend having scientific lec tures delivered in the institute, and, for the purpose of demonstration, require a human skeleton-an articulated one, if possible. It would be well if some interesting history at tached to tho skeleton. Can you oblige us in this direction ?" The member, it is said, wrote back referring them to the sexton of the local cemetery, who, he thought, might be able to help 'em. SPEAKING of the benefits to the colony since the passing of the new Kanaka Bill, Sir Samuel Griffith said the sugar industry had already materially re vived and, instead of being in a state of deca dence, was now passing into a state of pros perity, and if thc white labourers would only accept things as they were they would have a splendid oportunity for engaging in thepro fitable occupation of sugar-growing. There were a great many planters in different parts of Queensland offering small farms to white men, and a great number were being taken up. He did not know of any branch of farm ing in Australia so profitable as sugar-grow ing. There were several plantations, he believed, which would shortly bo entirely occupied by small white farmers, and the original planters would confine their opera tions to the manufacture of sugar. He had seen settlements of this description, and never had he seen more prosperous settlements any where. THE Townsville Daily Bulletin publishes some information respecting north ern meat export and boiling down works. It says that the latest news received by the directors concerning the meat works at Burke town is that everything is in a forward state, and that they would certainly be in going order by May 30. Over 1000 cattle have been booked for the season, and a great many more will be ready if the company will take them. Those already woked will keep the works going for auui^Mur months. Thc Torrens Creek Meat Wo^Bnear Townsville, started operations at ra^^^K on thc 22nd ultimo. The first lot a^^^^Ureatcd were from Afton Downs. T^R^Bi 10,000 to arrive by road from Man^^^^^b manager of the latter works says ^^^^^^L seasons keep good, there will be n^^^Hun the present works at Townsvil^H^H^B^ If a bad season comes thc qu^^^^^^H^us stock will be wiped out " in °"Q^^^^^^H> are at the present time 3,000,0M^HJHJL 200,000 cattle within a radius of iS^H^H Hughenden. ^H^Hj THE following is the finding <"VB Parliamentary Committee on landsettlem^^J -Tour committee having given the subjoH earnest consideration are unable to suggesn any immediate remedy for existing distress, ' which will also have the effect of creating permament settlement ; but they recom mend as an addition to the present methods of land settlement the adoption of a system which shall embrace the following con ditions:- 1. Settlement of self-constituted groups of settlers, each settler having satis fied an officer, appointed for that purpose, of his capability for doing useful work on the settlement. 2. Each settlor to hold and occupy his own separate section for cultiva tion purposes ; the grazing area to be cither held in sections or in common. 3. Advances within the limits fixed by Parliament to be made on the joint and several guarantee of the settlers in each group. (Signed) JAMES Gr. DEAEB, Chairman. ME. C. E. HAYES, a Brisbane miller, says :-"I can state without fear of contradic tion that sound clean Downs wheat will pro duce a flour to equal thc best brands of im ported, come from where they may. All the wheat-growers need to do is to send their wheat to market in a clean sound condition ; the Brisbane mills will then offer a higher price than can be obtained by the growers in any part of Australia. Tho Downs wheat farmer is independent equally of thc Brisbane and country mills ; for, if need bo, he can send his wheat to Europe. Our shipping facilities aro equal to tho°e of any of tho southern ports, and our wool ships will be only too glad to take wheat os stiffening. We have, however, a gap in our own market which requires filling, and which will take more than 2,000,000 bushels of wheat before we need think of exporting." Mr. Hayes con siders the growl about the railway freights is the expression of tho local millers' and not the farmers discontent. AN unusual scene was witnessed at the Salvation Army service held at Allora on Sunday afternoon. A member of the Army named Mcenin, after testifying, grew fear fully excited, stating he was under the special protection of heaven, and could not die. He produced a bottle from his pocket, declaring it contained poison, and drank tho contents. A scene of groat excitement ensued. Women shrieked, and pandemonium reigned supremo for a while. The police were sent for, and Meenin arrested. Dr. Pain was called in immediately and administered the usual remedies. The prisoner was brought before the local Benoh next day. The medical evi dence was to the effect that the prisoner was suffering from incipient insanity : and an analysis of the remaining contents of the bottle showed the présenos of six grairjB of strychnine, tho orystals of which had for tunately not been dissolved in tho water used, but were found clinging to the inside of tho bottle. THE Sydney Bulletin is not a believer in Schey, but cottons to the Railway Commissioners. At the conclusion of au article abusing tho labor men and praising tho Rail i way Commissioners, it says :-" Ii Australia cannot manage her railways she will have to I lease or sell them, and thus hand herself over to the tender mercies of railway kings and monopolies. And we will never got first-class men to manage our railways if they are to be subject to abuse and misrepresentation with out any redress. The railway servants who demand the abolition of the Commissioners would find themselves in a very much worse plight if they were the sen-ants of a company who would begin by sacking half of them, and go on to work the other half to death at low wages. WHEX Queensland ceased to be a convict settlement it is said that during after years many leg-irons wero found in dîneront parts of Brisbane. In one case a gentleman walking along the river bank not far from the present gas works on the south side kicked against what appeared to be a piece of iron. Stooping down and digging round with a stick he found the substance to bo a ring so firmly embedded aB to render it necessary to lever it up with a sapling. On dragging it out the gentleman was not a little horrified to find the shin-bone of a human being within thc fetter. Probably had tho matter been investi gated, a complete skeleton would have been discovered. IN what was, all things considered, an able leader on the Slavin-Jackson fight, the S. M. Herald said the downfall of the P.R. was brought about by an Act forbidding railway companies carrying parties to prize fights, This is wrong. Por instance, how could a ticket-clerk or stationmaster discern whether a crowd were on scrapping intent ? What tho Act did was to deter companies from allowing passengers to alight except at recognised railway companies' stopping places. It was always customary to stop the train at a secluded part of the line and then pitch ropes, stakes, &c.; Next to the blackguardism of thc pugs themselves, nothing ßettled thc ring so much as the law which mado a spec tator to a prize-fight jiarticcjjs minims. THE evening primrose plant as a fodder plant is tho latest development iu agriculture. It is very hardy, prolific, and thrives wonderfully in sandy soil. It may be seen growing luxuriantly in Barcaldine among thecouch grass atFairfield. "Bruin" in the Australasian says:-"I first heard of the value of tho evening primrose at Rhine Park, i Mr. J olin Murray told me that on a portion W his estate this plant was growing- wild, it produced a largo quantity of excellent ^HICT, and that the sheep were fond of it. ^^Bi br m cultivated in a farmer's garden, ^^^^?en lie steading was broken up it ^^^^^?erUie neighborhood. He thought ^^^^Htif it that he contemplated taking ^^^^res to introdi.'ne it into most of Iiis pad <^PB7 I afterward! heard that this plant was growing freely h, .the sandy hummocks near the southern coas*.' and that it was regarded by tho sheep-farh.Ts in that local ity as being fully as valuable i fodder plant as lucerne." Each seed pod com ins from 30 to 70 seeds. THE Western Star of Roma^^^J It is satisfactory to note that tl^^^^H wheat crop in the district looks cxd^^^^| promising, and those who are sanguinl^^^B prospects of tho Maranoa say that if thc^^H ratio of industry is displayed during the v^M twelve years there will be a minion acra under cultivation. It is barely twenty year! ago since wheat was first cultivated in the Wimmern district, and now out of 17,000,000 bushels produced in Victoria 15,000,000 bushels are supplied by the district named. Experience has shown that the Maranoa is peculiarly adapted for the growth of wheat. Rust, that great enemy of the Darling Downs farmer, is almost unknown here on account of tho drier climate. During last year nearly 200 agricultural selections were taken up in the Maranoa chiefly for the purpose of grow ing wheat, and each year we may expect a veiy large increase in tho area under cultiva tion. This year tho increase is threefold compared with the last. LOUD BBADFORD, who won the Epsom Derby with Sir Hugo, is one of tho "mysterious" owners. Hishorses are trained in comparativo seclusion, and their trials arc snares for everybody'but the "stable," repre sented by the trainer and one other at thc most. Probably Bradford is allowed to be in the know because he doesn't "go talking," but the men who pull the strings know a little moro than his Ludship. The ordinary owner, aseveryonemu8tunderstand,isuBuallythcmost profoundly ignorant mau on earth in matters connected with his stud, and when he hos a horse proved ta be above the average, he de lights m backing it heavily for all the races it doesn't win. No dead certainties come from the Bradford stable with a flourish of trudi Eats and get ignominiously beaten. They orses that " may be included in the dangH ous division," and Btart at 20;to 1 in S events. Frequently they are said " to lui been doing badly at work," and the worfl they do before the race the better they pel form in public. Evidently the British arisl tocracy didn't get a very decided whispel about Sir Hugo, who started a rank outside! in a small field and upset Baron Hirsch'¡ "pot." Wales and his crowd would nil be on thé favorite, of course, and it is improbable that onymemberof the Royal Family slapped Bradford on the back after they had reco vered from the surprise. ^ THE people in Victoria who cla mored for a stock tax upon cattle and sheep imported from Queensland are reaping the reward of their selfishness. At a special meeting of the Master Butchers' Association in Melbourne on 31st May it was decided to raise the retail price of meat a penny per lb. in consequence of the advance in the price of cattle. A resolution hostile to any increase in the import duties was carried, while the executive of the association was requested to wait upon those members of Parliament who have not yet expressed themselves very strongly in favor ot the increased stock tax, and endeavor to induce them to obtain at least a modification of the Government pro posal when it came up for discussion in the Legislature. Mr. T. K. Bennett said he esti mated that at least 75 per cent, of the cattle slaughtered in Melbourne were from Queens land, while -mly 5 per cent, were good Victo rian station-bt'C'l beasts, and the remainder were dairy-bred ami weeds. AN advertisement for men to start the big Melbourne sewerage jot at Werribee caused about 1000 " unemployed''-mostly pick and shovel experts-to rush for the early morning train from Spencer-street station tho other morning. Tho ordinary train under the new retrenchment regime could barely accom modate thc ordinary number of passengers, and only a few of the unhappy labourers, all of whom had paid ls. lld. each for a ticket, were allowed to come on to the platform and fight for standing room. Many hundreds of them were shut out and told to wait five hours for the next train, a special not being dreamt of in the philosophy of the anti Speight management. The befooled navvies waited accordingly, and got down to Werri bee in time to find most of the first detach ment oursing their fate. Fifty men only had been engaged. No extra train was provided for the return journey, so the other 950 poor fellows shivered on the Werribee platform for hours and got home as best they could ! They had contributed nearly £100 in all to the railway revenue, and been treated like dogs. Tlie luckiest of them picked up a few Werri bee mushrooms for consolation. A SQUATTER who was recently in Sydney, reported to the police that a woman talked to hun late at night at a street corner, and he missed a £50 note out of his vest pocket, whereupon he grabbed her, and handed her over to the police. The female searcher at thc watch-house found naught, wherefore the woman was sent away. A fortnight afterwards, in tears, she met the I arresting constable, and told him she hod | stolen thc note, but wished to make restitu tion. He concurred with her proposal, that, while ho looked the other way, she should slip it under thc cuff of his great coat. He would honorably promise not to take it out till he got to the watch-house. This would get him the glory of having recovered the note, »nd he would attain his ambition, which was his "promotion to the plain clothes." The transaction was duly accomplished, but on reaching the watchhouse, he could not find any note. Tile woman had slipped it under his cuff on the first occasion, which accounted for tho non-success of the female searcher, | and had now taken it out. THE last daily paper story about the Dora Dora blacks hus just gone bung, and |ho bottom has fallen out of it. According ithis latest Ananias the pair were travelling Queensland when one of them was chowed snake and disabled. Then the pair '^climbed down or fell down an aband haft, or a hole, or some place, and " there or weren't able to get out. jp white man found them-one rebe other in good health and ready atrocities-and was just going to the pair, or to run away, or some thing, when a gun was placed against his head, and he had to put his hands up. Vic tuals was levied upon him-either he was carrying the victuals or else the healthy black made hun go and got them ; and after that tho principal aborigine left him and the sick nigger together, and struck out for parts unknown with tho provender. This story held good for several days, and then a short, dry paragraph appeared, stating that it was all lies-tho snake included, and the legend ary pair had neither been seen or heard of. COMMENTING upon the proposals to irrigate with artesian water'ih-ihe Barcaldine district, the Boma Su., says :-The experi ment is worth trial, for as yet the resources of these subterraneous springs have not been treated, so a limit cannot be put to their supply. If the supply is inexhaustible the volume of water obtainable would depend on tho number of outlets, and at the present time there arc fears that too many might diminish the supply of existing wells. There is no restrictive legislation at present, and until they have been tested the supply may bo as sumed as unlimited. It is only natural to suppose that Nature has provided these sub neouB springs in the absence of perma |urfacu waters, and the time will come heir hidden wealth will be used. In I region we do not see why they could i applied for irrigation purposes over a Varea. If it proved successful in one p private enterprise would take up the lit is a totally new thing in agricul I least in the colonies, and as a demon Iwould be highly interesting. Pro vi \ water were'suitable, the limited area ore could irrigate would appear to [undertaking an expensive one, but ty cost would almost be final, j the experiment were suooessfuL ?provide additional resource and hi lt to settlement of tho far interior. THAT villanously capitalistic news paper the Peak Downs Teliytvm, commenting on the Bundaberg election, says :-There is really nothing to be alarmed at. The Bunda berg election is not discouraging-far from it. Nominally, it seems a triumph for the anti progressive, anti-black labor party ; virtually, it is a triumph for the other side. Messrs. Duffy and Curtis were both strong believers in and advocates of the policy of employment of Polynesian labor for the sugar plantations and the conduction of railways on the land grant principle, md it is safe to assert that under any circumstances not one of the votes accorded these candida L->s would have been cast for Mr. Hall. Leaving- out of considera tion thc few votes polled by lír. Skyrini find the Bundaberg election to have ri thus : For Black Labor, etc. Against Titus a minority of the Bundaberg succeeded in electing a man whose opinions are repugnant to those of the majority of his constituents. The labor party were practi cally made a present of the seat. nsidera rin^rfre opinions^^^ THE usual half-yearly election and installation of officers of "Court Friar Tuck," No. 6587 A.O.F., took place in tho Forester's Hall, Barcaldine, on Friday evening. There Vnsji large attendance of members. The re tiring Chief Banger installed, with the usual formula, bis. successor who immediately afterwards installed the subordinate officers. The following is a complete list of the officers elected and installed :-Chief Banger, Bro. J. Meacham; Sub C.B., Bro. J. A. Smith; Secretory, Bro. R. Hoskin, P.G.E. ; Trea surer, Bro. C. J. Janies, P.C.R. ; Senior Woodward, Bro. J. Newton ; Junior W., Bro. J. Evans ; Senior Beadle, Bro. P. H. Steiner ; Junior B., Bro. T. Wakefield. It was resolved to create offices of Immediate P.C.R. and Organist, Bro. C. J. James, im mediate Past Chief Ranger, filling the former position, and Bro. Will Chandler the latter. About 20 brethren notified their intention of proceeding to Longreach by mail train to-day to assist in opening the Court " Pride of the West." After the conclusion of thc business, upon the invitation of the newly-installed CR., a couple of hours were spent in a most enjoyable manner. PREACHER Grubb the other day stormed tho quiet little town of Picton (N.Z.)r and au awful frenzy resulted. The congre gations were, as usual, mostly women, and Grubb shrieked at them, and tohLthem about Sheol, and the last day, and the horrible note of Gabriel's horn, and the rising of the dead, and the rushing of binions of ghosts through the sunless sky, and the tramp of milliards of skeletons, and bulgy things with out flesh or feet, and slimy devils, and gob lins, and cuttle-fish all walking upon air, and the opening of perdition, and the yells of the lost souls all rosing for the Gate, till his audience went into hysterics and the church was full of shrieks. When the service was over, the terrified congregation wouldn't quit, but being turned out at last they knelt in the muddy street to tho utter ruin of their frocks and stockings, and prayed, and wept bitterly, and groaned with an exceeding great groan till near midnight. Then their male relatives began to come for them, and every now and then a man would find his wife or his sister or his daughter among the slush, and would carry her home praying violently as she went. But the widows, or those whose relatives pre ferred to let them elide, stayed on and suppli cated, and gave all their money to Grubb, and confessed their sins till 12 o'clock, when they mostly made for home, though the last penitent wasn't shifted till 12.30. THE following excellent reasons are given why tho unemployed cannot be settled upon the land. It is necessary to state that the advice is given by a democratic paper:-(1) The emigrant, in nine cases out of ten, is not a farmer, therefore the land is no good to bim. (2) He can't bc turned into a farmer, for agriculture doesn't come by in stinct. The average Briton always imagines that any scavenger or decayed sailor or broken-down shoemaker can farm in Aus tralia, though the idea of the same individual being capable of farming in the waste lands of England is too ridiculous to be considered. (3) The typical emigrant has no money to buy land, and if Australia takes him in and gives away her inheritance for his benefit she has next to build roads and railways to carry his produce, therefore for many years he is a dead loss. (4) He has also no money to build a house, to fence his land, to buy seed and "agricultural implements, and without these the land is of no more use to him than is a diving apparatus, or a steel girder. (5) A very great part of Australia is of little good without irrigation. The emigrant or the city " unemployed,"«who is often the same indi vidual in a later stage of development, has no money to irrigate with, therefore unless the Government finds the money he is helpless, and in any case it would be cheaper to build a big factory for him and make him a p of it than to give him a block of land ( and find him m tools, and railway coir cation, and artesian -water sup him till he realises a crop, that he seldom knows anyt how to realise a crop than he do ising an oil-painting. Meath or any other penniless into the spade he would tu and a great man] crowded out for i 