(e r. ,a:ess' ,renor,,.) It wo,. I noed h-.rdly ray, a =ret ehocl: to rae when I cairv my c-coon nOG r':e's et ht George and I hlad txen very rood f d e i, though we have had or little tlt:drettci ; and I ans ri, ·ns gricevc than to ou quita cuolhdid, ioriitde.-when George, who h.-tal bc.-uto No? Z?clanOd to lowk to..- Lomn pro- pep th-re and wra on tis.v wra hrmos, tr e,?cdn' by mtoy h1dleido, dirlppinl wet, hnto p rle lipo p-irni? to matter isandilto lortlr. In 'f?~n, I raen o ostartled, that I jumCped up In l hd aod, a''X ril:-p in an attc; struc-t my head ercatast oan?t? nd ?n liicted a cut frocx weehich the -blood o-owed freely. :By tho tihno had ?lrooh-ed it with mr elder lown eluilt ,Geor ge woas t ono. .ea, I was socnvedi. ibut',c) poor George had ftllc overbohrd and.m?et a3 atery deth,. I eras at IPAtin ta ?roiion tocarry out my vi:*wn an to tho dipe1eel 1lf t?he two tot!taes, to which. under iuocleo ichlrra's will, (Georgeo and I oVar) entitled an joint ton nts.., I htd alMwaa i wishedI to sell. t?e' 3uglish ,state and keepI tLh Now Zealatlr " on-, George, who had very little butitnetss faculty, aiet?to:1 CtilIng tire New Zoalan, one nl re ,ainui thoirelgliht in our hands ; andunritleraf ue would cone~ont to a. iartition so tlog ne th otoher refu?red to be in come doeres rteasonabllo in Ii? ovi . r Iowe, by one of tho' ,o'rannnte drcr-- at which it docd not becorueus to cavil, poor George wre beyond, caring for or iatcrfcring in ouch mentteor, and i, )a the survivor, took the wholo enotto an:d w?' at liberty to deal withit lit the nmort prudent way. . Next morning I p!'atcrcd up iy ho led, put t on n black nochiuo out of reopoctor Geoergo, . and wmut oil to toy roli:itor',. Itolat him of 1 poor Grorgo's death, addinig tlhat lega:l cidenre c wrould follow an coon an the ship touched at a port, and govo trirr intrlct iouto1 tfind ta pur- r oh-, ner rc o(ntu as ponsibtlu for th9 Elinzlith i:nn,. Of courno I did not troub:u hin with the detaols of (GLorgo'n appariltion; lawyera think they I ashow oagaanty by the mt nr.rrow-miuudd in credulity. i I r?,rn foulnd a )prch-lararr. ond ai few wneks r p.,eaod whilo I wat. ercowiug him up to my price. I had no nowa of G(oargoq yet ; but I : waa not much aurprived :rt that, as the poor fellow htad very plrobably 1-ftIo trldtroen, rand thlrerore tidings might not rrach me tell tl.o ship hersolf arrve d. At lost one morning I read in my paper that rho had ar-ived, at the ameu time a lotter fror my purchnaser roached rue, accepting the prior I hlad nked. I deter. minred to clon, and wenrt down to put mry hat on and go to tihe lawor',. At this momr.rent tih doorboll rang. Being in the hall I opened the door myself. I ,tneggered back in fright, hold. in[g my hand over mny yns ; for trefore mien stood George-himrolf or thi phantom. " Leave me, levoe rea!" I cried,. " Rlteatca spirit, what ails thee ?" To my great surprise, the form -or, I may its well ray, George--ulso otahgored back, with hie hand bh'fore his eyes, tenclairning in agit-?ted tono-, "Pacr ce, l.eco, poor ghoot ! Colct thou not reut ?" To do George justicel, he hasnever been given to buffoonery in lilo; and I was suroe lo would not doecend to it after death, although the npirits of come peopleo, who ought to beo rovn it, teem to do to. ]kckoning to George, I entered thlodiningroom: we would have on ex planation. George followed. t" O)c in a way," I bogln, " at night, I do not olbject to your coming. It ialnconvonient; but I put up with it. liut in broad daylight, on the door tep--really, it's ilconoidernat." George looked at me with at puzzled air. rche the walked towards the bell-roper andenaid, an if to lhimself, " I'll poud fora leparon and lay him." Tie was not at all wet. and Ico'ted very oubstantial. I did not quite under stand. "George," eaid I, " 1 suppooe tlero is no mnistakre. You are nothing buht a ghost?" " If you come to that, what ar, you Y" naked George angrily. " l'r-y be cralm," I uanswered. "You op. Iprena to rim by night, dripping wet, on tho 9th of Novermber let." " I a)poared to you ? Nonsenso ! You ap poared to itn, you moan." S"rDo d int O?Orous,e George. Feor a person in youir--r ponition thin lovity---" " You lid, roan, with blood streaming from your hend." I remembered the boanm and my wounded head. " Do you moan to say you'ro not dead t" noked George, with loss joy than he mrnighthave shown. " I was neveor in better health in my life," I answerod coldly. "Then what the deuce do you meon by hauntinrg mo with blood all over you r" " What do you mtonor, George, by haunting me with water dripping from you 1" " Prove it I" said Georgo, dotlantly. I motioned him to a sc-t and rolated what had happeoned. " Of course," I concluded, " if you honcotly assura me that you are alive- " " Alive ! Of course I'm aliv. I-by Jove, I'vo got it ! That night a young fool on board stretched a ttring nerota my cabin floor, and I-" " Tripped and f?ll thlroughi the porthole?" "lPortholeo Bleea the man, no. I foell lap into my bath; deuced hot the water wan, too. And it was just when I waos swnrearit " " Yea ; you appeared to bJ wrearing.'" " That you chose to corn and haunt mer, looking like it stuck pie. If you're not dead, kindly account for that." I" It's all your fault, You frightened me no that Iknocked my head against the ceiling and cut it." " Itonourbright l" " I givoe you my word." " It's a little awkinvard," said George, rub. bing his hands, bec.aue yu sce, old fellow, re lylug or your intelligence, thoe firt poet we camo to.L. wiroal to Notw Zealand tdlling the agent to sell thoestate. I thought you woulin't, under the circunmstances, you knowm, fool hurt at my acting on my own responsibility." " You've been idiot enough-- !" " Woll, I nlwayn told you the English one was the one to tccop." " I'vo sold that," I sid, grin ly. " If you behave as if you were dead, a business-mann will treat you as dead." " I was no worer thran you were." "' It's qoito clcar that you bagdn it," said I, " I was merely sympatbetic." " I never mereant to tlo it at all," declared George, I roson and took him by the hand. "VWe have bc-en the victims of a deceotion, George. Re. crininationO are of no rse. What is to be dono?" " Soumebody ought to be run in," raid George, -" If," I nird, "one is to bh at the mercy of irrcepousiblo alparitions, business caennlot be carried on." "And there in an end of frce inrtitutions," said George.c WYo pet on our hlnit anrd wer-t to crll oni the secretary of the Iesycholrtie Society, We wanted to know whathohad to say for himJself. " A emot intlereati:g caiso !" her exclaimed joyfnlly--" a mnost interetilng cro !" I' errhapar aeid I; e but wa-ll you fovour en weth the nameof a colicitor whio ill accopt aorvice on your behalf 1" " Wht do you mean ?" he askecd. " W?Vhy, if nwe lose over arevinrg to breakoff i the ne1otioatiorr for ualoe, we shall lcok to youri slocity for a remedy. You Ie-serlinatc broad. canthtlecr:tureo of this dornctil]irn andrl then dins claim tcaponsibilitv for what happeno !" " It lt In coemeen heneesty," eaioi George. "I ladmit no -lbility," snid tire aorcetary firmly. " You must learn to control your own Weo took our hat. lio loolke at us in a curious way. " Oneo eo ernt, grentlcm.en," he ari. " Althoulgh refering to reccag:ri--te tryh leertLlliability, yet t thinrrh Ieony very tie-ct thu i eocictywould be prepl. rvd to do lihe tinelome thinr if-" " Weli !" we oexclaimecargeri .y. " li you rwoultdbo ro kind an to ianr.1 over to un thie letters you cnchl of ra onl no doublt wrote givc."' on ac-:corl of yorur et: .o::e c lcrie nce."e \- " ,ith p:i*owure," :rid I, siiti:: ciruwnc ane : tline apern. i e rlon me--ec conteecmpnr- n-erc e-ocrec-en t " niden' wrrit to ihn-. I theeinht i e .e:t " ernrd you -idn't enrihr eei,]r, dir ?e" !he val /hat d, -u Ler:r , e no fccr ' r.id (ieorger tho "nwarcllt.cc aoeonoyed. ". I 7 cc"-lie ieI hid hi.; fa in hi, Londi, tud waid, in a ou voice, "There never are I Toro neverr ore! I'stoo. r tharta!" Ile aeu?ed ao overcomo tLht Gtqor naand I, being tend r."arted merr., tri'd to c?ceolo hbn by _ tromiduu to Lt.k no proc-'fdica, to ntfcrcn our claima. I- e would not.o oiariaoted,: ounI weo left himn rockinl? hioult too a'nd frao .and mourmkuirr, "' I aily auk for ono lttier-only onoe-je.tc co little letter !" I was quite firm about the En?,li:h nrtate, and l-eoo, was' u3s obatinrto ns po3illo about the bNow ?ralaod one. In thu re.ult wee each hud to pay huhdndred poaunad to Lo off orutbar .aoin. My obje?t in ioaking theo iitair public is to ?k hown lrong eociety is tooocOpeerlto this lit.d of thin;g What iL to prvoruent:uuo idlo, gooiJ.for"euthi:n plhrntonm rcr:omntrinu rmo, and runnin?g ua i ?f -r an utoi?in fur a ,rd:?ch of Jromib.r or I "_"n.% a oaat v Ž,robddyy'a tau. £ t's wbeth -:i ad orgl tt(;co g<recrcer with noe. I blliuvo they thiu crt uf fraud which I have ocxpcacod tAcp th. A long icarm doos not orlle u tLte l:oenat ; and, t i my opihion, if theo lw dotes not re.ich such prae!ieca the aoonerr it is alttred the lotter. I hau ?orittn?e to our moeboer to tall him no. I um a largo cmployero llabour; ntd if he doe. nout hitro duco o IPill, hI will probably Lear of it. 