A USEFUL GHOST. By S. Iv>'owle3. Mally Smith stood in trie raidat oi ner neighbours. Sho trembled, and lior faco bore evidenco of her terror. The econo was in front of a row of cottages iu a country village not fur from Manchester. Mally had been to sen a friend, and was returning up tho lonely lano when she saw the “ ghost.” Sho had somo difficulty at first iu describing what she had s‘*on, but after a few minutes, to give her Unto to ‘‘got her wyat,'7 sho; “It wor a great whito thing, ston’ing up ogon th* edge, about hawfo-way upth' lono.” “ Morey on us !” exolairaod Betty Humson, lifting up her hands in horror, “ thou doesn’t 1 say so, Mally? Whatoversall wo do if th’ thing stops’ "theer a’together; wo'st a’ bo freetent t' deeth." “ A:t sure thou seed it.1” asked Nancy Itopor incredulously. “Soed it.7 To bo sure I seed it. Dost think I s’ould ha* run ns I did if thcro'd been Dowt ? I seed it as plain as I sec theo this very minnit. If t’ doeana believe mo. goo thyseV an* ha* a peep at it—tha’ll noun bo so skeptical after that, 1’s warrant.” Nancy, howevor, evidently had no wish for ocular demonstration, for. she stood still and put uo further questions to Molly. When the husbands caino home from work they wore told oi what Mally had aeon, and after swallowing thoir tea they congregated together on the flags, and over their pipoB discussed the mutter. One or two were in the habit of going down the lano every night to the “ Jolly Fiirraor,” and though they professed Mally was makin’ summat owt o’ nowt," they wero not bo ready as usual to get away to their cups. . , After, talking the matter over, assisted by their, wives, who 'had naturally come out to' hear what was said, they (the men) decided to go in a body.to see if there were “owt iu it.” The night was very dark—thero wore no gas lamps, nor moon nor stars, to light up the lane. Before leaviug they provided themselves with stout sticks, and Mally said to her husband, “Tira, dunno’ go too near for fear th’ thing s’ould do snmmat nt thee to whioh Tim replied, “If ihou'smadoa foo’ on us, I’ll do summat at thee when I come back, owd wenok!” It.waaa timo of anxiety to tho women l when they saw their husbands disappear in the darkness down the lane. Jemima Pratt, who sometimes attended the littlo chapel of the Primitivo Methodists in tho village, said, “hoowishthoy had’nt gone; it 7ould ha’ been best t’ loavo th’ thiugalone; they’d geet Sam. Shufilton, th’ Methody, to goo wi1 'em ; Sam wor sich a good scon ’at nowt could do him ony hurt.” “ Our Bill ’ll tak no hurt,” chimed iu Mary Womcrsloy. “ I’ll bet if ho gets a «eet o’t owt he’ll tak* to his heels whoatn again, faster nor ho wont. Ot welly wish there rnotb eummat i’ th’ lone; it’ll koop him fro* goin’ doawn ev’ry nest to th’ 4 Farmer.' ’’ Bill was one of those who was given to drink, but was a coward, as every one of his neighbours kuuw, when not primed with beer. “ What’s that!” exclaimed Mally. “I’m euro I heerd summat.” “ Net theo, tha’s not getton o'er thy freet yet,” laughed Mary. “ Bu’ 1 did hear summat, I tellyo'; as suro as I'm stnndin’ here. Thcor—tSeer, theer it is ngen ! Dunno’ yo’ hear it ?” “ We heerd summat tiiou,” was tho general response; and one said, 44 it wor like a rabbit squeuHu'.” “ Happen it wor th’ ghost,” suggested Jemima. The women, now terrified, ran into their several houses, excoptiug Sarah Tinker, who said, 44 Hoo durn’t be by hersel’ for th’ life 1 on her,” so she went into Mally’s. “It’s fearsome,” sho said, wringing her hands, “ I wish our Dick had no’ gouo—th’ ghost’s suro to got howd o’him first, ho sich a bad uu. Eh, I do wish he’d no uoan gone !” “ Yoro Dick’ll be no wosor no’ th’ rest on ’em, so far as that goo*,” said Mally. “Thoy’ro uoau on’em too good. Eoh, Lord ha’marcy ou us a*! , Whativer ban wo done amiss as a ghost should ha* come i' th’ lone to torment us!p ” Scarcely hnd Mally uttored theso words than tho clatter of clogs was heard in tho lane, and in a moment there came a tre mendous bang at tho door, at which Surah and Mally set up a loud screech. Then Tim’s voico was heard shouting, “Uppon’tdur! oppen *t dur! Mully, Mally, oppen 't dur! Look sharp an' let me in ! Do look sharp 1 ” Mally spraug to tho door, opened it, and Tim fell full length on tho floor, payin', 44 Shut it! bar it! look it ! Dunno lot th' durned thing come in hero, Mally—it’s th’ ghost!” Mally, in a frenzy of fear, banged tho door to and locked it; then with trombliug hands laid hold of her husband and helped him to his feet. “"Wheel's th’ others?” sho asked. “Howdone I know?—skettertwhoara, I reckon. Thou wauts thy yed knockin’ off for lettin’ me goo. Eh, my, I thought it wor a’ up wi’ me ! I thought I s’ould uiver aeo thee no more, Mally—I did that?" ‘‘Did t’ see it?” Mally almost whispered, guiding Tim to u chair—“How whito tha 44 See it! I think I did see it!” “ Did th* other* see it too 1” “ I dunno’know what th' others seed—I ne’er axed ’em—they run bard oaoof; bu' th* durn'd thing were welly up o’ mo. If I had no' dodged it, I s'onidn’t ha’ been here. Eh, Mally, I’ll bo a better mon fra’ this noet: I will; thoro’u no mistak’ about it!” Sarah Tinker, hearing this, became greatly concerned about the safety of her own husband; but for a considerable timo she failed to muecor sufficient courage to leave Mally’s. At length, however, her anxiety overcame her four, and she opened Mally’s door, peeped cautiously out, and then darted to her own house, as if tho ghost was trying to clutch her. Iudeed, us she declared after, she “a’most felt his grisly houds at th* back o* her neck, on' boo could ha* screamed out wi’ frioght. ” When safely locked within her own house she looked round for Dick, but ho was nowhere to bo seen. Hearing a groan up stairs sho lit a candle and uscended to tho bedroom, and thero she discovered her better half in bed with the 1 bluuket wrapped tightly round his bond, moaning and groaning, bogging the ghost to have mercy . on him and he'd never got drunk again. 44 See tha doesn’t,” said Sarah, getting the better of her fright new she was safely in her own heuso and saw Dick wasn’t spirited away, and thinking it a good opportunity to apply a salutary admonition. 44 It’s a wouder v mo the devil hasn’t fecht theo lung sin, carryin' on as thou’a done.” “ I’ll be a different mon, Sarah. This is th’ eend o’ a' my bad ways. I’ll stop awhonm wi’ thee an’ th’ ohilder after this. Eh, it wor ! fearfu’. I niver thought I s'ould livo to see it—never!” 1 “Tlrn’ll see wob nor that if t1 doesn’t 44 Bu* I will, Sarah, I will.” 44 What wor th’ ghostlike?” “Iconno’tell thee, ou’y it wor a' white, just as Mally said it wor; an’ it pranced about like mad, an’ then it took after us. I don’t know if it oatekt onybody, bu’ if it did it’s a’ up wi’ ’em.” “Weil,” said Sarah, “I hopo it’ll be a warnin’ to yo* a’, for yo’ro none o' yo' too good, by a* accounts.* 44 It will, it will! Sarah, hast’ a Bible' i* th’ house, or one o’ them poppers th’ ohilder brings fro’ th* Sunday-school ? I’ll begin o’ readin’ ’em if t* has.” 44 Thou’d better got up an’ poo’thy things off, I’ tbinkin’. Th’ bed cloas ’11 bo in a bonny mess wi' them dirty shoon. Thou met a' ta’en 'em off, at onny rate ” “ I oouldn’fc, Sarah. Fro too freefc’nfc V do Dick got up, and instead of puliiog off his things and going to bed, insisted on going downstairs and reading a chapter from the Bible—a thing ho had not done for full a -dozen years. • It was never discovered what the ghost was. If someone played a praotical joke the fact was nover revealed. " Some of tho bolder spirits, in spite of what tbov heard, watched in the lane night after night, bat no ghost appeared, and they then, declared the whole affair was the ereation of terror on tho part of Tim, Dick, and his .seighboora, But no amount of argument or ridioulo could over convinco -those who went down the lano on tho first night that they hadn't seen a voritablo ghost. And the evidenco of tho soundness of thoir belief was in tho futuro character of their lives. The “ Jolly Farmer ” never saw thorn within its walla again. Both Tim and Did: beontno •' religious,*’ and Mally and Sarah and Mary Womorsley v/iuo undo all tho ’'appior for tho change in their hunbauds. Did: would say to any ono who tried to ohaff him about tho ghost, “Tha may say what tha will, bu’ I know what I seed, an’ if tha only seed thT eamo tim’d shut thy mouth an’ say no j moro about it.” It was tho opinion of some people that tho “ghost” was no other than Billy Nuttall’e old white hor.sa that had strayed out of tho field into tho lane. But those who hold this opinion kept it to thoM?olvcs when they saw tho salutary oil’cct it had on those who J had seen it._j 