SSttgnb J)ttm0& Frightened small boy — ' Why, mamma, the minister's talking out load in church and look ing right at me.' There are still too many i-eople who enjov seeing a tin pan titd to the tail of some Sther man's dog. In this conntry they stand for office, in America they run, and in both countries they lie more or lees. 'Oh, Isaac, baby has swallowed a, penny,' Cried mamma, in great alarm. Isaac — 'Calm ? 1£ tftnn mrrtr»l«1 4:Tll*lT^ lialiA^ rtnTnll«tnM#4 a sovereign.' Little Johnny is much perplexed to know why it is that he is compelled to go to bed at night when he isn't sleepy and forced to gels jnp in the morning when he is. His Honor — 'What made yon steal this gentleman's door-mat?' Prisoner— 'Sure, yer honor, it said 'Welcome' on it in letthers »s long as your ar-r-m.' Magistrate — 'Yon are charged with tabitnal drunkenness. What have yon to say for yourself?' Prisoner— ' Nothing, yer lionor, nothing — only habitual thirst.' Johnny was gaping. 'Are you sleepy?' asked his brother. 'My eyes are not -sleepy. 5They keep open,' answered Johnny. ' But jny mouth is sleepy and won't keep shut.' i 'lie better to have loved and Io3t,' I The poet sings in plaintive rhyme. T Of course it is ; for then you can 1 Make lore again some other time. Mrs. Callaghan — 'I want to get a pair of shoes- for my little boy.'' Shopman — ' French 3rid?' Mrs. G. (indignantly) — 'Indade not. Jle's me own eon— born and bred in OirelancL' A damsel of twelve, who disliked boys, nrrote an -essay upon them, in which she said — i*'If I had my way half the boys in the world Crould be girls and the other half would be fiolls.' Belinda— 'And do you really think that you would be happy with me as your wife, Alphonso?' Alphonso — 'Oh, yes, Fm sure. X have always been a lucky fellow in games of chance.' Mrs, O'Harar— ' It is in great trouble Oi am. Me' husband has been sint to jaiL' Mrs O'Toole — 'Stare and ifs nothing you have to complain av. Moi husband gets out of jail jDixt wake. Ochone ! oohone !' 'To look at that young clerk one would think that he carries a greater weight of responsi bility than the proprietor.35 'Well, he- does, ' for that matter. The proprietor can make mistakes -without losing me job.' Mrs. Joblots — 'My husband never fails to Come home to dinner.' Mrs. Topnat — ' I sup pose you always try to have something good for him.' Mrs. Joblots — 'Oh, no; that would spoil all the\\-lea8ure:he takes in grumb ling.33 'My dear, doctor, I want to thank you for your marvellous patent influenza medicine.' ?' And; my -dear sir, how many bottles did you fed it necessary. to take?' 'Oh, I didn't take any of it My uncle took one bottle -and J am his sole heir.' Young Mr. Billington — 'Amy, my love, I wish we lived in the good old days, when a knight could fight for his lady love.' Miss Cooington — 'Why, George, dear; as for that you haven't asked papa's -consent to our en gagement yet, you know.' The wife of Professor Robson, who disliked the cant expressions of the- religious tongue, lad invited a gentleman to dinner, and be had accepted with the reservation. 'If I am spared.' 'Wed, wed.' said Mrs. Robson, .*' if ye're dead J711 na expect ye.' Modern Child. — 'Pa, tell me anice story.' ''Shall I tell you a ghost etory, Jimmy?' ?'No, pa, I don't care to hear any ghost story; iiaven't believed in ghosts since X was a child. £T*U me all about the latest scandal in high life, and all tnafc sort of thing.''3 An elderly gentleman entering a church with his two nieces, who were attired in 'white, beard the clergyman about 4o begin his sermon with the text, 'Who are those arrayed in white 7' Old gentleman, with stiff but grace ful bow — 'My two nieces from -London.' A stout woman entered a crowded car, and Seizing the strap stood on a gentleman's toes. As soon as he could extricate himself -he arose and offered her his seat. 'You are very. Mad, sir,' she replied. 'Not at all,, madam,' he replied } 'it's not Jrindnessj if 8 self -defence.' Uncle -Josh (gazing at the playbills)—' Well, I'll be durned if I wouldn't be ashamed of myself.' His Wife— 'What is the matter, 3oshua?' Uncle Josh— *?Why^ that feller goes around the country advertising that he is supported by a 'charming* youn#, actress.' 5Vhy in thunder don't he go 4o -work?' It was very careless leaving, the parrot in ibe parlor on Sunday evening, bat she never thought anything about it till Monday morn ing, -when Polly loused the whole house by making a smacking noi3e,-arid crying, 'Darling Snsie, darling Susie !'' He kept it up all day, too, and the old -folks are much interested in the case. Employer — 'You are having a decide 1 flirtation with the girl 'who- hascharge of our telephone wire?' Trnthful clerk {with cold chills running Tip and down his spine, and Svith visions of instant discharge) — 'T-e-e-s, ar; but please^ sir-- — ' Employer — 'Well, teepit up. She .will give more attention to pur calls, if you do:' A young woman -was making some purchases in a stationer's shop, when -the elderly proprie tor suddenly asked, ' And when dossine wed ding take place?' 'The wedding? Why, you don't think- ? ' The fair customer blushed and hesitated. ' Ah, Fraulein, when young ladies bay 100 sheets of paper and only S3 envelopes I know there is something in the frind 1' One ata Time. — An Australian coekato o that feras brought up in a zoological garden was taught to say, ' Walk in, ladies andgentiemen ! Z)on't come all at once — one at a tune!' The bird escaped and was found with a troop of cdlk cockatoos attacking it. It' was lying «n Its back, -fighting beak and claw, and scream Ing- out, 'Come on, ladies and gentlemen — come on ! Not all at once — one at a, time !' Suitable Names -for Wives;— -Sexton's wife, Sell. Porter's wife, Carrie.- Jeweller's wife, 3?ear]. Lawyer's wife, Sue. Farmer's wife, ETillie. Printtr'B wife, Ein. Minister's wife, Grace. Gambler's wife, Betty. Gardener's Wife, Rose. Musician's wife, Viola.- Under taker's wife, - NelL Fisherman's - -wife, . Nettie. Shoemaker's wife, Peggy. Auctioneer's wife, SBiddy. A parish beadle was once much exercised at the appearance of a strange old gentleman who, when the sermon was about -to begin, took an ear trumpet (in two parts) out of bis jMje&efc; .and- began screwing: them together. iChe beadle watched him till the process- was completed, and then, going stealthily -up, whispered. ' Ye matmna play that here ; if ye Clae P1I turn ye oot.' * Tommy, who had been having some severe lessons on using his knife, was sent ont on an errand^to the family washerwoman. When lie ?returned he said — ' I had some dinner with tier little boy, mamma, and he doesn't eat with Ids knife either.' ' I suppose his mother: has . taught him it wasn't polite to eat with his knife,' said Tommy's mamma, 'Niftn,' answered Tommy regretfully, 'he eats with Jiis fingers.' 'Do you believe in the efficacy of prayer, 'Jkimfr Chloet' asked a young- minister' from the North of an old Georgia colored Woman. ?'Deed I does, boss,9' she replied fervently; '??'deed Tdoes ; an' when my oF man was tuck Up ferstealin' Gunnel- Brown's pullets I jes' prayed and prayed all ebenin' dat dem osdfers Ctronldn' coffie- pokin'roun' my idtchen hnatin' f6r-cMcken feathers, an* ~fo'de' good lawd, fcoss, jiary one never -come nigh? 'Deed dey «lidn,'t. J3066.' Miss Wabash— 'YeSj indeed, -the- snow is perfectlyrdeligtoful-and we^ll hava such jolly times while* it lasts.- I.euppose- youTexans bardlv know wtetslwghiog meansj do your' Safes DaBas^front Texas)—*1 Ddrf 4 -we ? The day before! kft- toeome'li!brtii.to visit -you Colonel Scruggs shot a cowfcay ia.ihe morning, ahors&tidef; wasJiaiig3edinjth6.ipnbHo sqaare about neon, and a couple of ?? niggew were lynched at the';eonnly- gaol' earijr iff- the evening. If you want to see slaying, twain, come to Texas.' A certain well-known preseber.of Hibbrnian fle'seent considers himself 'to be- in-dfiraot eom JBinuoation with the well rofJSngCshttndenled. fcutis generally credited withlhepoaseBsiou of asiicha brogoe as can be found ianywhere -in Ifrpperary. __ At a meeting. some mention was Xnsoe of bis peculiar pronounciation which greatly angered him. He immediately, called Upon one of liiB leading parishioners, and.af£er conspMnuig of the injostice done; him- asked fcim whether, in his opinion; a single' trace o« ftfe brogue-was to be observed '? in- his speech ?'WeH,' his friend answered, 'if you wish to deny it, I should advise you to do so in writ ing' 'Howisit.UodevB&sfcaa;/' eaid &:gentle- VBlrtaa d^key, 'that yon never married? ? Aren't yon ao-jMJmirerxrf the softer-sex-?5' 'I fot a duel wunce 'bout a ..gat .sab,' replied ^Jncle Eastus. 'A duel?' ' Yeaj eah ; yeah* arid yeahs ago. Sam Jackson an' myself, wa loot lobbed de same gal ; we were bof boun' ta pit dab, and-de business climaxed in er dueL We bof wah a trifle nahvous, sah, an' 'stead ob jne hittin' SamorSamiuttin3 me, we brought down a vaHyble mnle-dat ivah etandio' neah defence.'' 'And did you fire again?' asked the gentleman, very much interested. 'No, sah, dat wnz a very vallyble mule, boasj an' we *bof kinder skeart like. So' we entered into -m americable prearrangement.' :'Hbw did you settle it f ' Sam tuk de gal an' 'greed to pay for de mole, an' I hain't lubbed eence !' 