CHAPTER XXVII. JOHN S PHOMISE. Y«nng Mrs. Van opened the door of her end of the farm-house, and walked in with a beat'ng heart. John was sitting before tho fire all alone, with a bottle at his elbow and a tumbler in his hand, ap. parently enjoying himself over what was in this instance the unsocial glass, and drinking himself into that manly condition which is called " blind drunk. * Barry's pretty work-box was lying in a corner upBide down, having been shoved off the table to make room for John's black bottle. Barry's little pot of monthly roses was broken down by his wet hat, which had been flung upon it. John was in abad humour, and John was waiting to wreak it where such humours often were wreaked, and his dull red face showed it as soon a3 his young wife entered. He rolled his head around in idiotic anger to where she stood, the frozen sleet dripping from her and her teeth chattering. "Well," said he, nodding aimlessly, "you've come back, bave you ?" "Yes, John," answered Barry, in a very so't voice, and she came to him and put her hand soothingly on his arm. "You're a nice one !" sneered John, blinking up at her irefully. " You're a pretty one for any man to make a fool of ain't you ?" Something like a yearning compaEsion shook her breast and filled her eyes with tears. " I hope, John-I hope-" " Eh ? What are you whining about ?" " I hope that I shall be a better wife to you in future. Dear husband, I have not done my duty I did wrong. He got his bleared eyes within range of her face, and discerning by slow degrees that she was really crying, a grin of triumph overspread his stupid features. " Oho !" quoth he, " you've coming round, are yon ? You're beginning to see who's your master P Oho !" " I will try to be kind and obedient in future, John-" " The deuce you will ! You'll obey my orders, will ye ? Well, here goes ! Hold your cursed prate in future about what I choose to drink." " Dear John, if you would only-only-" It might have touched his heart to see the girl whose spirit had been so high, kneeling beBide him and covering his hand with tears-indeed, it might. " Well," drawled he, with brutish excitation, " what are you masquerading about ? You didn't think this time last year I'd have broken ye in so nicely, Barry, my girl." " If you would only bo merciful, and give up this habit, John-" " Heh ? What did I order ye ?" Beneath the upraised fist and drunken fr y, Barry humbly bent her head. " We might be very happy yet-indeed, we might," sobbed the girl. How did he answer her. By-a blow ! Oh, John Vandeleur ; shall God condemn thee for this crime, or shell He pass thee by because of acohol ? ?I He felled her by one blow of his heavy fist, and, with a hoarse chuckle, drained off another glass of that which maddened him. She rose, that ghost of dimpled Barry Morne, and stole from his sight without a word. She had said that day that if ever he dared to smite her again, she would never, never see him on earth ; and he had felled her at his feet to-night. She vowed no haughty resolves in her heart now; she clasped her trembling hands together, and knelt with her woeful grief before Him who had sent her back to these blows and insults. Poor, weeping child of sorrow ! Heaven comfort thee, and give thee strength ! She would try to be patient and to be kind ; perhaps her love might win him back and change him ; perhaps she might save him. Earth's joys had failed her, as earth's flowers are withered; there was nothing in the whole dark future to live for, if she did not win celest'al joy. Barry fell asleep, with one little flower of hope springing up in her heurt, and forgot her woes. Brief respite from such care3 es hers! What, above the gorge of everlasting fla*re, is more awfr1 than the earthly lot of the dmnkard's wife ? How can she hope or pray for bim who each day curses himself ? Sometimes she may fansy that she sees some little softneBB in his nature left, and trying to reach it, is felled, like some tr'acherous foe. If she weeps, he execrates her ; if she laughs, -and, oh, pitiful Heaven ; how some of them deck their poor, tear-podden faces with smiles, when the wretched husband is by !-if she laughs, he taunts her with monstrous insinuations. How can she touch the heart of a mau whose reason, responsibility, and thought are deadened by brain poison ? She has got a madman for a hus- band, who by the laws may remain a free agent. she is tied to him for life. ' " Then a hand shall pass before thee, Pointing to his drunken sleep ; To thy widowed marriage-pillows, To the tears that thou wilt weep." Yes, such was the fate of wretched Barry, once the delight of Windsor Monck's heart. The day following these occurrences, one of the Vandeleur farm men might be seen galloping down to the village, for the doctor, then proceeding to Mrs. Homo's cottage. In a few minutes that dame was driving like mad out to see young Mrs. Vandeleur. Before many hours the village rang with the news that young Mrs. Vandeleur was very ill. " Took so bad that they looked for death every hour." Barry was loved down there in the village, in two or three houses, and by some young girls no older than herself who had grown up with her, and conld neverforgether merry winsomeness-no, not though the world should sneer forever at her as a drunkard's wife. That day seemed long and heavy to these, and they wept as they fancied with youth's keen horror the dark eyes sealed close, and the ohanged, icy smile which her lovely face would wear under the shadow of the coffin-lid. Oh, Barry darling ! Some hearts mourned for you then, though never his who should have quailed when the trumpet sounded so near. No. John Vandeleur went about his work m Usual, surly and dogged ; betraying no consciousness of the cause cf her sudden peril, though well he knew that her drenched garments and his brutal blow had done it all. He kept away from the house as much as he could all day, and slunk off to the village public house to spend the evening. I The doctor made many journeys to the house by the mill in the days that followed, coming and going-trying to out-run Death and win the doomed one back-once a day, then twice ; while ever the shadow grew longer in the siok- chamber, and Death looked in from the door. She lies pulseless as a lily, "Cut flown by the storm." awaiting the final severment of those weak cords which bold her to earth. The doctor turns from the bed, as one that is worsted in the race, and sorrowing goes away. The two women bend over her, weeping. What thinks Mrs. Morne as she gazes upon* the sharp face of that shimmering bit of porcelain which she has contrived to send down this life-river among the coarser sherds of clay. Is she not proud of her victory now t Ah, no! her face is convulsed with anguish, dumb and overwhelming ; she stares in the pinched girl-face; she looks as if she could never speak again. The wondering dark eyes open from their long deep sleep, and fix themselves with an inscrutable placidity upon the bending face, "Mother," she breathes, low as the moan in the sea-shell ; "lift me in your arms, dear." And the mother lifts her, groaning agonizingly for the little daughter who is going to die. " I'm glad you'll see me go," she breathps again and smilinoj, stilly, " for I'm not afreid ai.y more. I've seen such things !" And her eyes look darkly upward, and her pale lips sweetly, sweetly smile. " Oh, my lamb !" wails the mother, " you're too young to die yet ! You've had FO little p'easure !" "Mother, dear-be kind te-Lovina," breathes the faint voice, tenderly, " for my sake-" " My darling !" " And tell her-tell her I forgive her for parting him and me." " My darling !" wails the mother again, while her tears, salt and bitter, as tca-s of remorse ever are, drop hotly on poor Barry's hair. "I'd give my life to have acted different from what I have," she sobs out quiveringly. "Maybe it's be3t so," says Barry, with her dying peac fulness, " maybe he was too good and grand for me ! maybe I wouldn't have eared for dying if I'd had him. Mother, where's John !" Mrs. Morne, glancing at Mrs. Vandelenr's chair, finds it empty; Mrs. Vandeleur has gone out to fetch John in, to see the last o" his little wife. First comes Stephen Vandeleur, tor's in his honeot eyes, grief on his honest brow, and seats himself at her feet, with his faej buried in the bed-clothes. The or'ller has always loved his ill doing son's wife, and is bouified io think of 'osing her' Then comes Mrs. Vandeleur, wan and woeful, hushing her laboured sighs, and p'teously wiping away the t 'ars which blind her. Last, comes John, his eyis on the floor, a cowardly, emb-rrassed exprp^s'on on his down- ward face, shuffling behind his mother in decorous silence. " John," utters the low, Ecorce earthly voice. He obeys the faint moving hand and steps up to her pillow j he is flurried awkward, he stumbles on the way, and gazes about eveiywhere but upon her sweet, pale face, which already seems to have put ol mortality, and to be transfigured with the glory of the thereafter. John feels terribly basHr* in the presence of death. " John," she whispers, from her mother's arms " I ara going to die. I want you to promise - bend down your head, John, and let me whisper it." He does not strike her now ; he docs not warn her that he won't listen to cint ; he doB3 as she requests. "John, I want you to promise me before I go away that you will never drink another drop," she says in a brearhlpis whisper. Can he deny her ? Is the sacrifice too great ? She is dying because of his violence, because of his vice. Will he gladden her poor heart for the first-last time before she leaves him for evrmore ?" " I-I don't hear you," stammers John, getting bloo 1-rod. A pale anguish shrouds the young wife's face, her fluttering hand seeks his, and feebly tries to draw him nearer. "I cant-die-unless you-promise-promise John-to give up the-habit-you know! Oh John !" John grows redder than be*ore ; he is indeed ii an evil case. He haï a superstitious belie" that promises made to dying people bring certain retribution when broken ; and yet why should he give up his jovial enjoyment because she r -ks it ? Monstrous sacrifice. John finds he can't. "I'll see about it," he mumbles. "Don't be anxious Barry ; I kin take care of myself." " Oh, promise-promise ;" wpils his w 'fe, yet more faintly, as if she were half away acrosï the da"b river. "Don't break the poor th'ng'sbeaifc," sobs Mrs. Morne. "Don't you see she's just agoing? Let her away in peace." "I'll give it up, Barry," mutters John, with cold bursts of sweat coming out all over him. She sinks back upon her mother's breast; she smiles happily. But John staggers clumsily from the room, for John is afraid of the presence of Death. (To be coniinucd.) 