A Slater'*) Ilreuni. THE following thrilling sailor's varn is taken from "Real Ghost Stories," by "W.T. Stead. The narrator is a young apprentice. He says : A great gust of wind seized the half slackened maintop-sail, and sent it fluttering i into fragments. At the same moment the ' ship reeled nearly on her beam ends, and above the howling of tho gale, we heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J- P-, sent whirl- ing headlong from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can see the look of agony stamped on his upturned face, and I can hear the very tones of his heartrending cry, 'Oh! Lucy, Lucy,' aB ho disappeared for ever in the darkness below. After the storm abated, the captain made a careful note of the exact time of the occurrence, the position of the ship, and the other particulars. He seemed struck at my' mention of the exclamation I had overheard falling from tbe poor fellow's lips as he clutched i» vain at yielding air. ' Ah,' he said, ' that must have been his sister, Lucy V-, to whom he was greatly attached.' The rest of the voyngo passed without incident, and as soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made my way to the train which was to take me to Manchester. I was walking idly along the platform when I saw the face of an old gentleman, who, with a young Indy on his arm, waB elbowing his way through the crowd. His resemblance to our lost mate was so striking that I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly she gavo a violent start, uttered a low scream, and exclaiming, ' Oh, look, there's the face of my dream !' stared at me as if fascinated. Her companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her, to the nearest waiting-room. As he passed ho begged me to come with them, and banded me his card. "When, vee were alone the old gentleman ex- plained that the sight of my face had re- minded his daughter of a very peculiar and unpleasant dream, to which she still per- sisted in attaching importance. He said, ' At the present moment, indeed, we are on our way to discover if the owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival.' I said ' I am an apprentice of the C-, and have but lately left her lying in tho har- bour.' ' Then,' cried the young lady, ' I must be right. It must be true. 'Twas that man's face I saw gazing at him as ho fell. I saw Joe's ship in the midst of a fearful storm, and him clinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to pass before my eyes, and I saw him falling backwards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, and I woke perfectly terrified to hear the sound of my own name-' O .Lucy ! Lucy ! '-whispered in my ears.' The expression of my face must have con- veyed well the meaning of my silence. 1 My God,' cried Mr.-, ' is it true, theu ? Is he dead ?' I stammered-' Too true, sir. Yes ! every word of it. I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to save him.' On comparing notes we found that tho dream took place the very day, and allowing for the difference in longitude, even tup very hour when the accident occurred. 