GHOSTS IN CHINA. A Country In Which ? the Super natural Forms a roaturo of Life, j Thoro ia probably no country in. whioh ghosts play oo prominent a part in tho daily lifo of tho pooplo no China. There in no question oo to believing in ghostB. Evcryono in the Celestial Empire does that. If n man failo in business lie sots to work wondering whoso ppirit or ghojt was resporeible for his misfortuno ; if ho ia exceptionally successful bo does not forget to bo thankful 'to the deni jinn rtf tmtriklnrwl tn tvhnan Dnnnlil U- _i trihutes his succeee. Travellcro among tho ChineEO havo been Btruck with tho authenti. oity of soiun of tho ghost stories, though oc cauicinally they hayo como across inatances in wiiioh tlio bclitf was. father to tbo fact. In ono of 'thefco a guilty conscience earned a man to belicvo ho wag haunted by the ghoat of hi* former partner. Tlio formci'a naroo was Chang and tholatter'a Li, nnd on ono occasion they wero both out on the rivor. Li was leaning over tho edRO of tho boat, and Obang puahed him into the water, ho &3 to secure the whole business for himself. No-, thing was heard of tho unfortunate victim, and tho ourvivor took charge of the business, abstracting enough caah and eeoreting it to maku any poasiblo icquiries fruitless. As tho anuiversary of the tragedy opproaohed, Obang beoatno very sick aud was -greatly alarmed by an apparition whioh threatened him with doath, if ho did not-at onco make due restitution to tbo Rhoat'a family, Tno required promise wan given with promptness and d;spatoh, as well as undoubted sinenrity, but as soon as the siok man reoovered ho forgot to fulfil ib. Tho performanco was re peated tho year following, and this timo Chang was oo impressed that ho lost no time in making not only full, but even c.xoe^sive restitution. But a fatal ban seemed to bo upon tho man, and, businoso falling to a minimum, he decided to move, Iln located in a distant city, and whilo hunting up a re sidence ho met what ho euppoaed to be Li's ghost. As might havo beon expected, ho protested warmly against tho persecution to l,n „n(1 D11u;nnf was expccted of him. Vo hia ourpriEe tho supposed ghost repudiated hia ghostlinees, and assured Chang that ho was no npirit, but flesh and blood. The terrified Chan^ ex plained what had happened, wlioreupon Li, with Oriental stolidness, remarked : ' So n?.v falling into tho river was not an accident ? i had neglcaied to pay duorespcot to the spiiit of my fathor, and whon I tumbled into tho river and was nearly drowned, I thought it a punishment 'or my impiety,' Thus the ex planation itself affords a proof of the general bolief in the appearance of epirita and ghosts, Extraordinary prrcautiona are taken to neutraliso tho evil iufiuenco of ghosts, nnd this is specially tho caso when ono man has killed another. Then tho ghost of tho mur dered man is oupposed to haunt tlioirur derer both day and ni^ht and to thwart his every undertaking. Tho man thus haunted ia care/ul to I:ecp idols in his sleeping apart ment and even to carry a miniature god in his pocket. Ho does not fear death at the hands of tho qhost, for ho U oatiafied that the dato of his death ia written in tho book of fato, and that no power, divine, spiritual, or material, can change that record or expediato his demise. But uhort of death it ia his be lief that cho gho3t of hio victim can and will do him every injury in his power. Tho ghosts of suieides aro distinguished by wear ing red silk handkerchiefs, and ia a good do fence in a trial for murder that tho decc^ed's ghost haa been seen thus bedecked. Only tho foolish arc supposed to bo in danger from ghosts, and i: is a severo ro proach to say of a man, 'Ho ia afraid of gho?tBl' Tho ordinary speotro is looked upon with mingled pity and oo'ntempc, andia believed to bo readily cowed by anyone en dowed with an average amount of eelfpos oeB3ion, the only trouble being that few people aro self-possessed when confronted with a spirit in Remi-materialioed form, Tho most disreputable class of ghoots aro those of deceased paupers, an«l there ia a pecuilar ceremony known as tha 'appeasing of tho burniog mouths.' On the day set apirfc for tbo purpose platea nro filled with cako and labelled with invitations to tho 'honorable homeless ghosts' — a title whioh includes the spirits of those wb0E0 surviving relatives ia the flesh either cannot or will not provide for them. 