.',. ..'.?:.' . BLESSING A NSW SHIP. {], ; .'.'.. ', . AN IMPRESSIVE CATHOLIC CEREMONY. ' '?' ; On the morning of Thursday, 1st October, at 'the Bhipyasd of the Hon. William Rogers, Bath, '?' !Me , the launching and blessing of the Three Marys took place. Mr. Rogers himself launched the ship, which is ??'. owned by Me. J. B. Manning, of New York. The /Eight Bev. James A. Healy, D.D., blessed it, assisted! by Frs. M. C. M'Donongh, o? Portland; T. H. Wallace, of Ler/iston; J. P. Gorman, of ? Bruaawick, and M. J. Healy. Othera on board the ship at the ceremony were the or/ner, Mr. Manning, and Mb daughter; Captain JSicdsall (master aud par b owner), Mr. Lawrence I. Cal Jttnan, of Vesey-Btsreet, New York. ;?' The name of the ship is Mr. Manning's triune tribute oflovo to h!o motbni?:, v;ife, wad daughter, each of .whom henva tb.o ran.o co G;::crcu ia the Churoh, THIJ BIiEGSIWG. ' The Lord be with you and with Thy SpMfc. Lao us pray. Lend ear, O Lord, to our; suppli cntiono and with Thy Holy right head blecG thio ship and all whom she may cr^ry r.o Tbou dkiat deign to blecs the Ark oC Noch. whea cast in tho flood. Support her?, O Losd, with Thy right hond ao Thou didst support the Bleosed Petie? on the water, and send Thy Holy Angel feoni Heaven to deliver and guard her from oveirj danger, to gether with all she carde-i ; and having overcome all dangers of the ceo, laayot Thou diE-ec'o Thy servants, her cnilorc, into cafe harbour, end. guide' her in a safe couraes ond when her voyage is en3ed and her dutieo dincharged, mayot Thou deign to bring her to home port in safety nad prosperity. ' Thou wholivest end reigaeDt with the Father in unity with the Holy Ghost, forever and ever. Amen.' Tbi3 is the only ccccaion of a Divine blessing co a ship by the Catholic Church except, in 1821, by Biahop Cheverus. The ship was ready and the blocks cut foee. As aha moved, Fr. Wollace, of Lewioton, baptised hex wifch holy water on her bow. Tho Three Marya now lies on he 2 element, and cinder the care of her experienced mcote?, Captain Clc^eace Birdeall, of JMew Jeraey. It is Mr. Bogers' eighty-niath ship, and may his future success be even greater uban his past. The Three Marys is a £oup-ma3ttd cchooner, builfc for the coasting trade, o£ 1200 tonnage, with carrying capacity for 2000 tone o£ cargo, costing aboat 50J000do1s. 