THE CULT OF THE (JH08TLY (BEVXEW OF liEYIEWS ) The unanimous verdict of all those who have red 44 More Ghost Stories " is that it repretetits ao itumeu-e advance upon 44 Real Ghost Stories." 44 Mure Ghoet Stories " has had the extraordinary good fortune to nle&se; the mofct diverse afaaesof readers. A datho- lie priest came down to tbe office the other day to nay that he had reed every word of our New Year number, and was im mensely delighted to find time, ftudjing cite subject from so entirely independent stand point, I had arrived at exactly ths same conclusions as the Catholic Chuich. 44 It you had studied for th priesthood you could not have stated more precisely the views of Rome." On the-otber hand, tb» Tbeosophists, whose faith is declared in the Month to be of a devil, are equally pleased wiib :he conclu sions at which I have arrived, although Mrs. Besant somewhat regrets a pmssaee in tbe 44 Flea for the Tar Barrel." Still more strange t> sav, the Spiritualists, judgimr from their iotoresting weekly organ Light, concur almost entirely with tbe warnings that I have thought it necessary to utter as to the danger of reckles and indis criminate experimentalising. Theccmmtnt of the Press have been almost without ex - ception complimentary, it being the declared opinion of oar critics that, for thrilling interest and suggestiveness. 44 More Ghost Stories," is unrivalled Tbe interest which the subject has excited may be said literally to extend all over the . earth. From the uttermort parte of the world, I receive letters from correspondents who have had mora or lees mysterious experiences whioh they desire to elucidate by the aid of the J latest researchers in occult thing. I have also had some carious experiences of my own which demand further investigation. If the conclusions to which tbe phenomena pointare substantiated, we are in a fair way of establishing, on an incontrovertible basis, as a scientific and ascertained fact, the existence of intelligences other than those which are encased ia the ordinary material of human bodies. Evidence as to the facts of clairvoyance and uf the reality of the Double accumulate, and I have already in hand 1 hp compilation of yet a third ghostly publication to be issued at midsummer, under tbe title of 44 Ghost up to Date." To many, ghoste at midsummer will no doubt seem au anachronism, hnt that ia a.mDlv Oecauae the oriinarv person's- ideas of a gbo-t ae conventional and false. Gbo-ts, if they exist at all, are just as rife at midsummer a at midwinter, aud as-we shall bare more time to prepare 44 Ghosts up to Date" tbau we had either for 44 Real Ghost Stories '' ur 44 More Ghent Stories," I hope that we shall be able, in our third publication, 10 satisfy even the most incredulous that we have not been tor the last few month ou a wild goose chase after chimeras. It is co use putting your hand to euch a thing as this and then drawing back. We have got to put the thing throagb, and I renew my invitation to all those persons who have bad experiences of tbe Double, or of clairvoyance, or of ghosts, properly eo called, to communicate with me. I have now two invitations to spend a holiday in haunted house, but wbftt with the County Council election, and th« im minent approach of tbe General election, 1 am afraid the gboste will have to wait a bit. Others who have more leisure will, I hope, furnish me with the information whioh is necessary. What is wanted is to hare fvicenoe that will satisfy, say, Mr. Ray L&nkester; and Mr. Maskelyne a to the reality of the phenomena in question. 