-#* : BROAD BRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. In the last number ;-of the Nineteenth Century Magazine an article. appeared from the pen of Mayo W. Hazeltine»«a.the evoultion of New York society; and while this was not its title, it considers the ques tion of the rise of the millionaire in our country, and its results. Nowhere in the world has the change wrought by these great fortunes been more manifest than in New York. It meets us wherever we turn; we see it in the magnificent entertainments, where thousands of dollars are lavished on the pleasures of a single night; in the Teckless extravagance of bridal presents, where what was once the long life ot success ful mercantile venture is presented to a f oolish young couple to squander in dissipa tion, who never learned the value of money or earned a dollar in their lives. This was particularly noticeable in a wedding which took place here some tune ago, when the daughter of a former fish monger received in bridal presents gifts variously estimated from one hundred and twenty-five to a hundred and fifty-thou sand dollars. We see it in the brilliant equipages and splendid liveries that throng our streets and parks. It looms before us day and night in the mighty buildings that tower towards the sky. We see a hundred and twenty dollars paid for a little picture; a hundred and fifty thousand for a horse; seven thousand five hundred for a dog, and wonder that a cry comes up from the toiling millions by whom this wealth was created, and who only see it as Moses saw the pro mised land from Pisgah's height, dimly and afar off. The rise of the fifty and hundred million aire is not a matter of ancient history. Men whose hair is not yet grey can remember the tame when there was not one of them in our country. And others still, not yet con sidered old, can remember the time when the three rich men of the United States were John Jacob Astor, of New York, five millions: Stephen Girard, of Philadelphia, six millions; and old Bill Grey, of Boston, three millions. All of these men had started penniless from the lowest estate, and gathered their millions by successful and patient venture, and long lives of self denial. Not one of them while living made any ostentatious display of his wealth. The humble furniture of Stephen Girard's room is still to be seen in the magnificent college which he founded, and the house on Broad way where John Jacob Astor gave up the ghost, if standing to-day, would not let for a second- class tenement. The wide contrast becomes more palpably manifest when, forty years after, one of his grandsons dies leaving a fortune of over one hundred mil lions, and the other, a broken-hearted wreck, whose life was a barren failure and whom we laid in the earth last week, leaves a fortune to his son, a young man of twenty six, of over fifty-five millions of dollars. All the colossal fortunes of our time have been builded up since the war. Previous to that we had but two very rich families in New York, the Vanderbilts and Astors, and neither of them rated his fortune at over fifteen or twenty millions. A. T. "Stewart, the. great merchant prince, was considered phenomenally rich on half the sum, and no other merchant of his time could show such a bank account 3 now you can find them in every part of the Union. With these great fortunes has come an entire revolution in our social life. The modest house where Commodore Yanderbilt died, gives way to a half dozen magnificent palaces for his grandchildren, and while I write the wife of one of his grandsons is building a palace at Newport-, which is expected to eclipse in magnificence and luxury, anything yet seen on the American continent. To such an extent has this exclusiveness been carried, that even her most intimate friends have not been per mitted to look at it. The most expensive artists from abroad have been engaged over a year in beautifying its ceilings and walls, and the cost of the establishment when finished and furnished, will not be far from a couple of millions of dollars. With these magnificent homes comes the foreign maitre de hote. He is the king who rules the house, under him is an army of servants, an important factor among whom is the chief who presides in the kitchen and who receives a salary equal to a judge of the Supreme Court of the United States. Then there is the coachman and the foot man and the understrappers about the stable; my ladies' maid, her laundress, her manicure, her message attendant, house keeper, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; Martha Washington, the richest woman of her time in the United States and the first lady of the land, could have told you of every piece of silver that there was in her closets, how many teacups were cracked and how many were whole, how much table and bed linen there was, how tho supply of provisions stood, what bills were paid and what were due, and her ladyship was not above darn ing a hole in George's well-worn hoee when occasion required. Dolly Madison, the most famous beauty of the White House, could do as much, and Mistress John Adams was as famous as a house keeper as she was as the wife of the Presi dent. All that is altered now. The grand duchess of to-day does not trouble herself about such trivial things; all such matters are left to the servants, who are paid for it. If she gives a dinner she sends for her maitre de hote and says, " I give a dinner to t.venty on Thursday next." That is all there is of it. Thursday comes and the dinner is there all right. No stopping to count the cost. Then comes that never ending race for leadership^ like that which recently divided the house of Astor-Mrs. William Astor and Mrs. William Waldorf Astor, each claiming to be known as Mis tress Astor without any prefix, which told the world that she, and she alone, was the head of the house. While pondering on the immense power wielded by these many millionaires this week, we are brought face to face with the fact that there is a tremendous power underlying it all, more . potent than even silver and gold. The granite strike, commencing in the . quarries of New England, has reached the most powerful of the Middle States, and 100,000 men are lying idle. Some thousands of them are skilled workmen with wages ! of four dollars and a-half per. day, while the unskilled receive at least two dollars. Supposing the average to be three dollars i per day, it means a dead loss to the work men in wages of one million and eight hundred thousand dollars per week. How long can labor endure the strain of nearly two millions a week ? Can the consolidated unions throughout the land furnish seven or eight millions a month to support them, and will they do it ? Thousands of men having only remote interest, and thousands of others having no interest at all, have taken their stand in the fight, and how far reaching these collateral issues may be no living soul can foretell. It is no longer as it was a half century ago, when blacksmiths fought their battle, and the carpenters theirs, and the tailors theirs, and the shoemakers theirs. To-day a carpenter strikes in [ Kansas or Nebraska, and the shoemaker throws down his awl and lapstone in ' Massachusetts; the weaver stops the mills at Lowell and Fall River; tiie painter throws down his brush in Con necticut, and the shipwright leaves his vessel unfinished in Maine, to help him. The concentrated power of capital and the concentrated power of labor are approaching the irrepressible conflict, which, every man feels sooner or later must come. The worker says that concentrated capital is s* standing menace to labor, and capital says that united labor must be broken down, for it is a standing menace capital. We boast ot our civilization; we pluck down the lightning from the clouds and harness it as a slave in our streets, our factories and our homes; we reach up towards the heavens from this mightier Babel, and with the spectrum and the lunar photograph unveil wonders greater than the heart of man ever conceived before. In the silent rocks -we read the history of buried a«es; we girdle the great globe with zones of steel along which flies a courier, swifter than the messenger. of the fabled gods. Human knowledge seeks to compass all there is in the heavens above or' the earth beneath, and yet, when it comes to the arbitrament of human rights and human wrongs, we are [ no better than savages; the red right hand becomes the brutal arbiter and the sword 1 the final appeal. The grandest civilization of the ages depends for its advancement on the perfect drill and dauntless courage of its armed hosts and its steel-clad ships with mighty armaments, defying wave ans storm. On whom is the laboring clasd about to make war ?-On some privileged aristocracy that inherited its wealth for generations ? Oh, no, it is on their own kind, their own flesh and blood; flesh of | their flesh and bone of their bone. John I Jacob Astor -was a furrier, Vanderbilt a boatman, Jay Gould a clerk, fiussel Sage a storekeeper, C. P. Huntington and Mark Hopkins, whose united fortunes were over a hundred millions, thirty-four years ago j kept a small hardware store in Sacramento, i California; Charles Croker, who died worth J thirty millions, sold dry goods in the same city; D. O. Mills, the owner of the | magnificent building on Broad-street, was , near by while the Wormsers, the rich j bankers of Wall-street, had a cheap clothing store on a neighboring corner. John j Mackay was a working miner, and Leland Stanford a storekeeper, Andrew Carnegie I an ironworker, and hundreds of others could be named who have workedttieir way from poverty to great riches. Strike them | down and, who will take their places ? Men j of a better breed ? I doubt it. But the fight is on, and like the auld Scotch High- i land chief, we must " Bide our time." One of the signs of the times is the clos ing of the theatres, soon to be followed by the closing of the churches, more is the pity. While some churches close altogether and allow the dust to gather on the church porch and windows, others compound with1' their consciences by hiring a cheap preacher from some country town who is glad to be heaxd in the nwtropolis, and who treats the congregation, or what is left of it, to a first class prize sermon for ten dollars and his board over Sunday. When the churches and theatres are closed, racing begins, the pool rooms open and the Devil's Carnival commences. The Thunderer here speaks of it as the sport of kings. It is, and the kings generally contrive to hold all four aces and rake in the pot. On Monday, at Sheepshead Bay, the Brooklyn Handicap -was run; G. B. Morris' bay horse, Judge Morrow, scooped the twenty-five thousand dollar purse. Longstreet, the favorite was not in the race, and dragged in at the end of the hunt-the worst beaten and dis graced horse that ever passed under the wire. Mercy only knows how much money was lost on Longfellow's, promising son 1 throughout the country. Over five hundred thousand dollars changed hands upon the track. Curses and groans filled the air as the ruined gamesters turned their faces towards home with empty pockets, and more than one fine lady who had recklessly 1 staked her last dollar on the favorite, had to borrow her rail-road fare back to Brook lyn and New York. The relic of Saint Anna has left us, and certainly no more extraordinary exhibition has ever been seen in the United States than that which has been going on at the church of St. Jean Baptiste in this city for the past two weeks. In my letter of two -weeks ago I mentioned the arrival of this saintly relic, and since then over 300,000 | people have kissed the little glass case that contained it. No religious excitement that I can remember has equalled it; high and low, rich and poor, have hastened to do reverence to it- Archbishop Corrigan and the Right Bev. Doctor McDonald kissing the little box as reverently as the humblest worshipper. Several miraoulous cures were reported. One man who has hohbled on ?crutches for yeajrs, his limbs almost paralysed, kissed the box, shouldered his crutches, and walked out as sound as a roach. Please don't take this as my say so, I only got it third hand. I did not see the man and could not find him. It may be true for all that; but please don't quote me as authority, for I am not heavy on modern miracles. The Holy Father who had charge of the box bagged about §10,000 and departed for Canada well satisfied with the result of his mission. 1 Wonders will never cease. 