PRESENTATION TO DEAN POWNALL. During the informal conference held on Wednesday morning, the clergy of the diocese, as brirfly mentioned in last issue, presented the Very Rev. Dean Pownoll B.D. with a handsome illuminated address in book form no a token of their esteem and in recognition of the ability he had shewn in administering the affairs of the diocese as vicar-general during the vacancy in the see. The address was accompanied by a valuable gold watch. The Rove. P. G. Smith of Canberra and J. Studds of Jones made the presentation. Mr. Smith, addressing the Dean, said he had had the honour conferred on him as the .clergyman of the oldest 7standing in, the "diocese to present to the Dean on behalf of 'hisbrother clergymen an address testifying their regard'and esteem, and their apprecia tion of the ability he had shown in administering the diocese during the vacancy .of the osee. 'It was a, pleasure to him to undoitalothe task. He had boen associated with tho Dean as a fellow-lobourer ever since the' formation of the diocese, and he had learnt to estimate highly the Dean's ability and worth. Mr. Smith then read the follow ing address: To the Very oev. William Henry Pownall B.D., Dean of Goulburn, Vicar-general and Adminstlrator of the Diocese of Goulbhrn. Very ieov. ir,--On the occasion of the consenation of the second Bishop of Goulbrn and -of your enso quent retirement fromt the office of admlnistrator, we, the undersigneld clergy of tho diocese, desire to convoy to you our ddp sense of tho esciency with which you have discharged the Important duties that have de volved upon you and of yol r uniform courtesy and kindness in your several oticaol relations. We desire also to express our respect and admirateon for your hridtlan chaoraeter and our ascknowoldsment of the great oad dri services you have rendered to the church ai this diocese during the pant tronty-cight yearso, and our thankfilness that hy the provdsneo of God you havo been spared to labour so long in this r)rtion of the Lord's vineyard. We beg your acceptance of the accompanying gold watch as a slight memento of our regard for you, which hah been deepened y the consistent manner In which ou have carried out the duties of your poaiton as ad ministrator of the diocese. Wishing you every blessing In this life, and praying that when tile chief Shepherd shall appear you may receive the crown of glory which fldeth not away, We are, Faithfully yours, (Hero follow the signatures). Mr. Smith then presented the Dean with tl? watch,'oxpredsing the hope that he would. be long spared to wear it, and that whenever he noted by it tirh flight of time he would be reminded of his fellow-labourers whoso hearts beat with good feeling and respect towards him. (Applause.) The Dean read the following reply: To the Clergy of the Diocena of Goulburn. My dear Boethren,-I desire to thank you very heartily for your kind address and the valuable memento that aoompanies the same, though in so doing I fear I shall fail to express the greatness of my gratitude and my deep sense of your kindness. The administration of the diocese, which has now hind conideration, prayers, and sympathy, and by a personal conviction lhat it vns service rendered not to man but to the GOeat Head of the Church. It is naturally on resigning the ares of office a great comfort for mo to feel that what has been attempted has proved conduciveo t thl good of the church of the diocese, and that during the interregnum in th s the interests of the King have lot suffered. This administration has naturally brought mo into more direct intercoaurse with some of ou than has pro. vloualy bonu the case, and I trust the result may prove a strong bond of brotherly union between us. . I deeply recogniso and feel the greatness of the privilege I have had of labouring in the diocese during the whole of the episcopate of our late beloved and revered Bishop, and I trust I may be spared to use what little ability I may possess in aiding and carrying out to the utmost of my power any future work that may be assigned to me by him owhm the Holy Ghost has mado our ovrser. Of opo thing, my brethren, I am folly nassured-that bh earnest united action antld prayer the church In this diocese will become a praise and a glory in this fair and sunny land. woa, nd ehen ilo dac.y lifo I use your gift I shall no forgot the givers or sin against the Lord in ceasing to pray for you. May wo all remember the divine example of Him who said, " I must work the works of Hln that sent me while it is day. The night cometh when no man can work." " We have no time to sport away the hours, Ai must hbe earnest in a world like ours." Let us then as a united body, under the leading of one whom we wetlcome anour Father in God, attempt great things end epect grteat things from Him who Is oever prepard to grant te desire of the earnest worhking soul hy saying, " O it unto thee even as thou wilt." Again thLking on anold praying that you may he al filled with the fulnese of the blessings of the Gospel and be a blessing to those over whom you hate the spiritual charge, that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear yo may receive the crown that fadeth not away. Believs me, my brethren, Yours faithfully in Ohrist, W. H. PowNALL. The reply was received with great applause. The Bishops of Melbourne and Riverina returned to their dioceses by the express train for Melbourne on Wednesday evening, and the Primate, accompanied by the Bishops of Ballarat and Brisbane, left by the express train for Sydney yesterday morning. The Bishop of Newcastle was a passenger by the 11.20 train yesterday morning. The Bishop of Brisbane was expeeted to preach in St. Saviout's Cathedral on Sunday morning, but he was unable to extend his visit over Thursday. The preacher in tih morning will be the Roe. . A.. Stretch B.A. and LL.B., of Brighton, Victoria. The Bishop of Goulburn will address the children of St. Saviour's Sunday-school in the alter noon, and he will preach in the cathedral at evening prayars. 