A PRIVATE TRIAL. A gentleman called on me some fow days back, and after introducing himself stated that ho had a lad whom he had brought with him from tho old country on purpose to fight Griffo. Aftor loarning oxactly what he wanted, I asked him to givo mo a trial — lot mo sue how tho lad ahapod. To this he willingly agreod, and on Monday morning I, in company with two or threo others and tbo lad iu quoition, quietly went round to a well-known sporting resort and ferretted out dandy Jaok Fuller. After explaining my mission, Fuller readily conaonted to give tho lad a trial. So wo adjourned to the dressing-rooms, whero th» lada stripped, and prepared to sot to work on each other for a fow rounda. The English lad cornea with good credentials, aud was said to be a roal fighter, but no boxor. 'Well, Jack Fullor started in at him, nnd the lad triod to roturn Jack's loft and right compliments, but bo couldn't touch him. How Jack did bolt that lad. Ho was gamo nil right, but he 3onldn't fight enough to keep himself warm. Afterthreoshortrouudiitlioyoungstcr was very [;lad to cry nnougli, Fullor having him dend to tho world by that time. Of course it in only fair to statu that tho lnd was dead ont of con dition and as fat as a pig; atill for all that ho wouldn't have a ghost of a chance with Griffo, who wouldaimply cut him to pieces. I advised tho gentleman who brought him out hero to put him into training at ouco so that wo could nee what ho was like in condition, and then_ match him against a socondriito 9st lad over here. Ho can tako any amount of .punish ment, but.is terribly slow with both loft and right, and will probably tako somo timo to got into his roal form, which I shall hopo to see later on. ?-.??'.' Owing to yesterday being Queen's Birth day, and consequently no afternoon delivery ol lottei'8 boiug made, our ' Melbourne Sport ing Notes 'are lying at tho Post Office, »nd despite strenuous efiorts, wo havo been unablt toget Ihcui. Tho London Pink 'Un says :— Tho annual forfeit list for 1891 13 the most unpretentious documont that ever wa8 iasuod from Old Bur lington-etroot. It is not bo long ngo that tins list filled throo or four pages ot tho Racing Calendar, and for such races as the Derby and St. Loger there would bo half a scoro or more of dofnnllors. All this is now altered. Only ono owner has failed to pay up over Common's St. Legor, and tho monoy is worth 20s in tho £. Thoro is, too, only ono defaulter ovor tho Derby, and that is an unknown innn. The most extraordinary record is in connec tion with Nowmnrltut. Thoro aro eight mootinga hold (horo, and tho only money out standing is £6 5s, of which half is good money. Thoro novor baa boon such a record as this. Tho most interesting itom in it is the namo of ono who might, wo know, have had £10,000 for hiB horse ;_but ho refuted it. A meeting of tho , amateur athletes in the Tolegrnph Department has boon called fcr this Wednesday -ovening, May 25, at Mil thorpe's Hotel, for tho purpose of forming n harrier club. Mr. H. H. Altars'- is'. lion. boo. pro. tern., and fools confident that tho club, when formed, will bo ono of the Wrongest in Syduey. It in to bo called tho Toloyraph Hnuieri, 