MEETING NIGHT. The Gorman professor, when he bad fin ished our lesson, nnd wns waiting for tho thunder shower lo pass— for, though bo bad brought bis bii; blue umbrella, ho did not caio to faco tho Hashes of lightning— suddenly turned to us, nnd said ; ' It was exactly such nn evening as this I Baw Leopold—' We looked up at him nnd wnltcd. We knew ho wns nbout to toll us a story ; ho al ways beprm In this wn.v, without preface. ' In my native village,' ho said, ' pcoplo believe that whoever will go alono to tho cathedral on n certain midnight in summer, which we cnll ' Meeting Night,' nnd with his own blood, nnd n quill from n bird's wing, write the name of a dead friend in tho form of a cross nt tho foot of tho nltnr. may sco thnt friend nnd speak to him. People bt llcvc this, but very few over try tho Bpcll. When It comes to tho point, ghosts scarcely prove satisfactory; nnd wrltlup in one's own ilood is rather a solemn procceding,cspccially In an empty church nt midulght. ' One man who had lost his sweetheart did It. They said ho saw her, but ho bled to denth from the wound ho gnvc himself to get tho blood, having accidentally severed an artery. ' When I left the town, the custom wns spoken of as amongst the things of tbo past. 1 left In haste. 1 bad bail n quarrel with my cousin Leopold. The quarrel was about a lady I loved. Frits Wagner told mo some thing thnt made me furious nnd I challenged Leopold on the spot. Wo met in tbo great open clcarlns In tho heart of the pine woods often used beforo for the same purposo. It was dawn— tbo pink dnwn of summer. I can see him now, stand Inir, hnndsomo and tall, In the sweet light, his coat off, his sword In his band. He looked nt mo rcproaciuuiiy, nut nor, angniy. I was furious. Tlio word was given. I did my best to wound him. He merely defended himself. Then ho lay on the ground at my feet, and my second hurried mo awny, put on my coat, and dragged me to wbero a car rlngo awaited me. » ' Go 1' ho said. ' The quicker tho better! Von havo killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not bo sate for you. ? ' Tbo coachman drovo furiously. As for me, I was In asort of dream. ' Had I killed Leopold whom 1 loved sn ?' I asked myself. Then I replied s ' Ho deserved It. Ilo dc Bcrvcd It. I did well.' ' Tho next dnylldt Germany. 1 ftimo to Australia. I established myself bore. Ono day, In the midst of the great tbronii in Col lins Street, I met Fritr. Wngncr. Ilo looked like a ghost — gray, bollow-cbcckcd— scarcely moro than a skeleton.*'* 11 ' You sco It,' he said, as I glnnccd at htm; 'Iamdylnp. This Is my address. Do not como until I send tor you ; but when I du, como nt once. Swenr It.' ; ' ' My friend,' 1 said, ' let mo come beforo thnt. Let me help you it I can.' ' ' No,' he said, ' no ; ' and turned awar. ' Tumi' uiuutiia attcrwnrds a racsscngei came to n-o nt midnight, nnd onid t ' ' Frltj Wagner baa sent for you.1 ' I founcf him dying, but be bad stringti to Bpcak. ' ? Frederick,' ho said, ' I have aconfesslor to make. I lied nbout Thtrcso. I wns tr love with her. When I said I taw her klsi Leopold nnd nil tbo rest, It wns true enough but the Leopold was bcr sister's llttlo habr named after, your cousin. Vo.u uiulor&toot; that I meant tbo man. I tuuk ut oatli to tno truth ot my slatomcnt, For tbnt, I am siHTcrhig tlio torments of tlio lost.1 II With thcau torrlblo wordc on bis lips, bo died. ' And now rcmorao seized me. I suffered agonies wbon I remembered my trna Iovo, Tharcso, and my dear cousin, Leopold, 1 could not rest. I know nothing of ilia fate r of my friends In Gcrmnny, hot I rcnolvwl at lust to rotum nml sou 'JWmo, who, If slia lived, wns forty years old. nml beg her for giveness, nnd to give myself up to thct authori ties as my cousin's nmrdoror. This, I funded, would hu nn expiation. ' I hade adieu, ns I hollovcd, to Australia forever, nnd sailed In tho next stcamor for my nntivo homo. II 1 travelled mnny miles over land lo reach the village after leaving the neenn. At last I reached It latonn tho night of n stormy summer dny, I walked from tho station to I ho hotel, nnd on my way tho Jij/lilnliig flashed through the heavens, I passed n tree riven from top to root bynroccnutroke.and saw nt my feet a llttlo dead bird, killed when tho great plnn wns smitten, ' I Bloppcd nml laid It nstdo on tho mns-. As I did so a feather full from Us broken wing, nnd on tho Instant It occurred to ma that this vorr night wai the mystic Meetin' Night, nnd thnt It wns with tho quill of n bird tbnt nno wrote tho nntno of tho spirit ono wiBhcd to meet nt the ultnr's foot. 1 hnd llttlo faith In Ibo supontltlon ; hut I was in n strnngo mood, nnd beyond shono tho win dows of tho cathedral, open dny or night to any worshlppor. ' I seised tbo litllo quill. I turned my steps toward tbosaurcrl'cililicc. It wns empty. I entered. The lights burn palely, few nnd far between. I pnsicd up tbo nUlo, nml kneeling, took n knifu from my pocket nnd cut my finger slightly ; llion, Imvliijr pointed tbo little quill, 1 dipped it In my blood nnd wroto tho nnmo of Leopold. Tlio thunder rolled ovorhend ns 1 did so. Tlio colors of tho Ipnlntcd windows grew brilliant as tho lightning Unshod, nml tliiin n?nln woro dim and dusky. Suddenly I heard a voice breathe my nnmo—1 Frederick I' Hcnme from above I looked lln: In tbo rmllcrr mooil n lltMirn nil in black, save for a whim hand upon its fore head. It hnd tho face of Thcresc, but paler, thinner. Its whito hands woro hers. It stretched them out towards mo, ns In greet ing. It wnved them In farewell. It was gone. 11 A spirit hnd appeared to me— Tiicreso's spirit. Then she, too, was dend. Still on my kneca, powerless to move, I nwnltcd tbe myBtorlcs of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there— a Bad, r-ray Leopold— but I know him. I uttered his name. He answered * 11 Us It Frederick!' ' ' Ghost of my friend.' I replied, ' I have returned to mnkc expiation. Frlt-z Waenor lied to mo, and so 1 left my love, and mur dered you. I hare discovered tbo truth. I return to give myself to justice. You shall ho avenged, dear spirit. Pray for mo in ucnven, nitd lorytvc we, 'Tho spirit ndvanccd. It smiled. It Bdscd mo by tho hands with a warm, living clasp. ''I will forgive you,' hosald. 'Oodknows I have forgiven ; hut as yet t only hopo for heaven. 1 am no ghost, Frederick. You did not kill me. I recovered In a little while. A jealous mnn Is mad man. I know that. 1 II Ho opened his nrmj. 1 fell Into them. Wo ombrnccd. 11 ' But Thcrese ? ' I said. ' Surely, It wns her spirit thnt I saw.' II 1 saw it also,' ho answered. ' Toerose is dead to the world. She Is a nun in the con vent close at band. After you had been gone five years, I asked her to niarrv me ; but sbo coutil love but onco. When her mother died she took the veil. On this an niversary the nuns como to the cathedral to keen vigil. This Is tbe uijU I nlso come. And x horc3Q looks tloivn on ins tint- smiles This sbo esteems n sin, ami expiates with' penance; but 1 livo on it tlio year through. To night she saw cnly you. She forijnt me. Ah, Frederick, what folly you ejmmitted in leaving her I1 'I bowed my head in contrition, nn.l just at that moment there arosu from tho dark gallery the soft, sweet nounl of women's voices, Blnglng without nny accompaniment. 'Together, standing baud in ham!, wo listened. Then, arm in arm, we left tbe cathedral. 11 1 returned to Australia Bonn afterward. Leopold remained behind. Kvcry year he goes to the cathedral nt twelve nn Meeting Night— every year until tho last ho wrote: ' - I have seen her. With bcr eyes she sent an nngel's love to you.1 11 But lnst yenr this Is what bo wrote: 11 ' Sho Is dend. I believe that sli3 will be yours In heaven; not mine. But I shall Iovo her through eternity.' Shrewd Mrs. Penuclilo.— ' I dldn t al. ways plough Ilia earth for a living,' Enid Farmer 1'enucklc. ' I wns once a wine mer chant's clerk in Melbourne. I married young, nnd my wife, who is sitting thcro now, with tho reputation of belni; ns good n fnrmcr's wife as there is in the country, mndc just ns good a mate for n hnrd-up clerk then. Liko many yount: cnuplcB wo had purchased furnl ture in instalments, nnd wo were not nblo to pny all the sums ns they fell due. Every thing seemed to ho polngr npninst us, nnd our llltle girl was sick. When I came homo early ono Satunlny afternoon nml found crane hanging to my door bell. My heart was in my mouth and tears choked me as I met my wife. 11 ''So dear llttlo Minnlo Is pone I ' I wild. ' ' Minnie gone I ' »n!-l my wife. ' Oh, no. But tbo broker's mnn will bo round In n mlnuto to seise the furnltiirr, nnd I thought possibly tho crape might check him.' « It checked him. Ilo halted bis wnggon a dozen ynnls away, walked on lip-too to tho door, examined tbe crape, nnd went softly nway, nfraid, apparently, that some one might henr him. Minnio recovered, nnd n fow dnys afterwards I Bcrapod up enough money to pay the bill, bnt 1 haven t bought anything on instalments since.' Fortune in tho Tortcup.— Hera nro a few 'old women's signs ' for you, girls : If single persons bnppcn to hnvo two spoons in cir cup, It is a sign that they will figure prominently nt a wedding beforo the yenr is out. If you put milk or cream In your ten before the sugar, It will 'cross your love.' If a tea- stalk llonts in the cup, it is railed 'a bcnu.' Unnnrrled Indies, when this happens, Bhould Rtlr their tea riunil briskly, and then plant the spoon uprightly In tbo cup, holding t quite still with the lingers. If tho 'beau' in its txyrntions is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, tho ' beau ' will be certain to come that evening. I f the sides of the cup attract, the ' beau ' will not come. Wcmny observe that It depends upon the slate of thu atmosphere whether the ten-stalk is attracted to t-'.ic: middle or the sides of the cup. It Is a sign ot fair wcntficr If the cluster of small air bubbles, which usually arise nftcr the sugar hns been put In, collect themselves and remain in the centre ot the cup. Tbo con trnrr when they straggle to the sldw— It will certainly rain In a few hoiira. ''' 