Tlie Gbosfa About the year 1S50 I was on one of our JsngUsh India sbips bound from Boston to Calcutta. We arrived off the Cape of Good Hope with fair weather to that point, but every one was on the lookout now for a blow from some quarter. The pervious evening one of the lookouts during the midwatch had insisted he had seen the Flying Dutchman, and every one knows that when that is the case a blow or bad weather in some shape is sure to come. And come it did with a vengeance, for the very nest night the wind died down to a i calm, then suddenly jumped out from the nor'west butt-end firet. Six of the old tars went tumbling up the weather main rigging, and were urged on by the gruff voice of the second mate, a thorough old sea-dog, who sang out, "Come, bear a hand there, you lubbers, and get on deck again!" And on deck they were againsooner than he or the men expected; for just as they showed their heads over the " top" a deep sepulchral voice called out, "Blows hard, Jack 1" They were staggered, and for an in stant hesitated, when again the fearful voice repeated, "Blows hard. Jack!" That was enough; their superstitious fears overcame them, and they did not stop till the deck was reached. By this time the Captain and mate were on deck, and were astonished to see six of the best men on the ship come tumbling down, while the main-top-gallant sail and royal were ' slatting in the buntlines as though they would blow away at every flap. " What's the matter ? Why didn't yon furl those sails?" said the Captain. " Matter enough," said an old salt. " Yon don't get me in that main-top to- night. I wouldn't give much for anyone who goes up, either, for I not only saw the ghost, or what ever it is, but heard him talk." This was too much for the old skipper. The idea of losing all his sails because tbere was a ghost in the main-top was too much for him, so he called for volunteers, and started up the rigging, followed by his two mates only. Mot another man would go. Those who had been up bad seen and heard enough, and those who hadn't did not care to risk it. Well, the old skipper and his mates fared no better than the men, for hardly had their heads reached over the " top rim " than, in the same awful, blood- curdling tones, came to their ears the words, '• Blows hard, Jack 1" and there, right in the "dablins" of the mast, the Captain caught sight of two glar ing eyes, and a long white arm reached down as .if to clntcb him, and down they all scam pered to the deck as fast as their legs would take them. About daylight the steward discovered that a pet parrot belonging to the skipper had es caped from his cage, and was gone, probably blown overboard and lost in the gale. Polly had, however, by hard work, managed to alight in the main-top, where she had stowed herself in the " dubiins " of the mast, and was holding on for dear life until she was rescued in the morning. The main-top-gallant studding-sail was lashed in the weather top-mast rigging, and the clew had blown adrift, and happened to flop down at the Captain as be went over the " top" in the black darkness, and so was easily magnified into a ghostly aim, and Polly into the frightful ghost. 