S "Harmlet." " - r :Slhskespeare's lot = was i cast .ifi a happy period for the, full developmhent of hi's marvellous genius. Bad he lived thirty years before -le must have beed affected by the false euphemistic Ian. guago. and manners of the time, and which he so finely ridicules ill " Love's Ieabour Lost" and others of his plays. IInd-he been born during the, periflt when Charlds.J infringed upon coosti tutional practice, he woult have probably beeil drawn into that political strife and' struggle which separated friends and' sundered familics into hostile fragments. The peri d of Eliznbe:h, however, as has been frequently remarked, was fruit ful soil wherein the genuis of the poet could find root and flourish. What, then,' particunarlystrack men, and Shakespeare recognised it in.its fullest signilicance, was the breaking away fl.oi the old tra dition that deep learning could only be acquired by quiet seclusion and retire.. ment in the nooks- of monastic cells. Action and culture began to' be com bired. A kind of muscular Christianity sprang up. Men oft the Sir Philip Sidney and the Ri.loigh stamp were living exemplifications of the fact that learning, and bustle and connection with the outside world were quite compatible. The age of Shakespeare was one of great activity, a tiine when men of enterprise we re reqired; when matters of great pitch and moment were in full. swing. . Prospero represents the lingering glimpses of ungic superstitious arts in sinuating themselves into the-mind of a man of culture and refinement. Lapsing into studious habits, the'deposed duke forgot that acthn was necessary to pre serve himself from harm. Much the same will apply to Hamiet, lnbut the theme is placed on a more sublime level. Here was a prince of aboeit thirty years of *age, a time when the idealities of youth melt into thepr actical realities of manhood, or, as John Morley puts it in his brilliant essay on Jiurke, " The age when character usually either fritters itself away or grows strong on the in ward sustenance of solid and resolute aspirations." Hamlet, a prince, heir apparent to a throne, had spent his life in the studious calm of Wittenberg Uni versity, had apparently dived deep into the mystery surrounding the destiny of mar, had, with the wholesome egotismn of a young man, imbued himself with the idea that'he would set reforms at work to clear: away the clouds of abuse and allow all the sunshine of life to have free play. His life at the University was diversified by his fondness for the. theatre,. where his criticisms must have been apt and wise, judging by his mem orable advice to the players. At thirty years of :age he arrived home.- His father had died suddenly. His mother had marriedr his uncle. .Hamlet had been judging .the :world from .his owin standard point, had' been:, thinking noble tiohughts,.- bhad?een gathering.to gether '~igh ,inisided' -priaieplesiaind dto, award; suostenasnc f i:L ?........ ebi.e. aspirations:" '?iuch'sa nii;' as iHfimlet always, takes too ihigh :in estimate of0 things. Such a man - considers ,that everyone is thinking as he is'thinking and would act as lie would .act. sFor his mother to marry the brother of his father" but two mnonths deaid" denoted to Hamlet's vivid mind, not. that ho had mis-conceived, ilnijudged the world, but rather that this was only a tempor ary relapse of the world from the paths of moral virtue. Hence his excla mation : "The time isnot L of joint, O, cursed spite, i ,That ever I was born to set, it right." is quite reasonable and to he expected fronm one of his temperament. This is considered by Goethe to-be the keynote of the play. Hamlet recognises his duty but doubts his ability to perform it. Here then was Shakespeare's l:ur pose. Hamlet studious, cultured, refined, must enter into action. Is his soul fit for the performance of it. Goothe says not. Hamlet has not the nerve, the nrve which makes a heroe. Fi him an impissible task is laid' dowsi MAomnisoe considers Crear becamie grea becouse lie distinguished between h'hiit was possible and what imlpossible -With: IHamlet there was no %choice. :Ho ever lie may curse the time he. fel1 compelled to eot it right. He mustoen .deavonr to accomplish his pliupose, e:ve though lie fail, and le seenms tod '?h' spme inmate feeling that soccvss7-iil !nnt be accorded liim.' 'e beiconines 'irbi of the guilt of the reigning kiiig;- H becomes excited aind exhibits his epcita'. bility and , c nfnsion to a remarklibi degree. This must rouse the fires of suspicion, slumbering in the mineu of Clodius into flame How can this be averted ? By the assuumption of mad; .ncss. He tells Iis friends after the aip pearance of the ghost in ACT i so.; v: that:- . " How sttranige or odd s C'er I iUher myseli Aq I perclhance hereafter slnll tlinllt meet' To put an anitic (lispositionl oni. Thatl you, at luelh Limes nceillng sic inever shall, With arnls eniicinbcr'd .thus or this lienil S shaike, Or by prolnouncing of sonic loulbtul plhrase." SHamlet's knowledge of actiing stands him now in good stead. He acts the part of a imadmann to' perfection. 'lThere is indeed a method in his mad ness. Hamlet's treatment of. Ophelia has been condemned as harsh and ill inanered. lint really this i. part of the character he is playing; and is one .of the most effective strokes, since it may divert suspicion from the cause of HIamlet's melancholy, and assign it to his love for Ophelia. Prattling Polonioas, harping on his danghter, wad easily de. ceived by it. Why not others ? Witness, again how well he ninnaged lie conver sation with the spics, Rosenerantz and .Guildenstern. How lie trifles, ann yet inflicts many a deep wound on this pair. Hle can banter Polonnis, and. be in play ful humour with the " water-fly," - osridc He exhibits another humour in thograve-' yard scene end moralises on tie vanities and the shortness of life with feeling and truth. It is with difficulty that he coin trols his bitterness againsth is mother, in compliance with the beheste of the ghost. But even this restraint breaks down in AoT iI, wheor lie and higs mother meet face to face. His fiorce, just indignation denotrs so much sense and reason as to alnmot make the Queen believe him ' sane. Hamlet marks the effect, whicl would destroy hlis pur pose. He must disguise himself in niad ness, and the.ghost once more walks its melancholy way. T'lis play of sunshine clearly 'represents : Hamlet to: be ais man of much insight and knowledge of the human mind-a man of great el6 quence and intelligence. He was op posed to. the conventionalities of: his' time,. for notice his partiality tol the pliyers, and his love for Ophelia, who" :was in" a 'muchi lower rank. tan liiiu-" self. !' SclleL'i, tCit Gernina critic, hIýa sai 'often nieresprceeur r toisvcr his:w it i 0aHt 1udi aft l)fi ptirpol it ,thbe,.irorld,. tlib was 'ienrupuleous t adopt'meianitoi pcoifplislh it. M'- n tiof high prid-ii'le sare ofter to' e pitiro Asseiled as tiinid, they anrre really :oi timid in allowing thl nioble though'slk tleir youth'nanid m'nanhbod to' be :en croached uponi. by ivliat tlihs term. ba and unworthy- mrethods, but what inen not so nice, wouonlddeem to be'at .once necessary and prctict.l. Lot n11 clone by quoting from Coleridge, what to my mind sums up thecharacter of " Haimlet " in words of much wisdom " Shakespeare wi.iced to impress upon us the truth that action is the ohiel end of existence, that no faculties of intellect however brilliant caln be considered valuable or, indeed, otherwise than as misfortunes if they withdraw us from' or render tis repugnant to action and lead us to think, and thinking of doing until the time ihas elapsed when we can. dao anything effectually. Hamlet was continually resolving, yet did nothingg but resolve." 