The Last Night in Camp. YES, this was the last night ; to-morrow thi " Boss" would be off by rail with his sheep tx Homebush ; Milligan would join him some where down the line, and bear him compan; part of the way, for he intended spelling i bit atSydney before going off to the Argentine Tim and Scotty promising to accompany hin to that far off land. Brady and Yorky ha( gone with Milligan to the races, where Braze nose, in the hands of Mr. Phillip Balliman was expected to distinguish himself ; and thi remainder of the " boys" were awaiting thi return of Brady, the latter having promise* to hurry back and give au account of thi races. But the hours passed away, the cam] fire had dwindled away to a few red ashes and McGilligan, shaking his head, said, " Ki use, boys, after ten o'clock, I think we'( better turn in." But no sooner had the word been uttered ere Brady's melodious tone could be heard in the distance ; he wasyellinf " Boll the Old Chariot Along" at the top o his voice, and in a few minutes the songstc: appeared. He jumped from his horse, tool off the saddle and bridle in a jiffy, and joinei the crowd. A dozen questions were asked ii as many minutes. " Oh, hold yer whist, an« have a drop of this," producing a bottle o rum, "drink Milligan's health, forhepullei off the Purse and a couple of hundred qui« besides." Pannikins wore produced, and th health drunk with cheers tor the second ii charge, and then the usual " For he's a joli; good fellow," one of the chaps leading the ai on an asthmntical accordéon. "Time-did have a good time? Time? (said Brady) Yes, we did have a time, and no kid about it strike me dead if ever I seen such a Moomin picnic. Why, the only mau who kept sobe out of the whole crowd was Pat Doolan him self, and he hud such a seat of work servinj out drinks to all hands, that he hadn't tim to get drunk. TTis was the only pub within i hunched miles, so, of course, there was goner ally a good muster of chaps hanging round looking for horses, picking up stray bullocks and one thing and another, and when it go about that there was to be a race- meeting a Pat Doolon's pub, nil hands started in ti polish up their bits, and stirrup-irons, am grease their leathers ; and lots of coves took i couple of days work out of the hacks, ridin) over to the store at Walbadilla Station to bu; flash gear for theil' mokes, such as double reined bridles with nickel buckles, smart sadd! cloths,'and such like fal-lals. There wasn't much cattle mustering, or anj work of that sort dono for about a monti before the meeting, for there wasn't a statioi round those parts that hadn't got a crock o: some sort that was pretty slippery for a mil« or so. Though, as old Dawson, from " Em\ Flat," said when "Billy the Crane" wai cracking up Ids wall-eyed filly with the whit« hind-feet:-"Yes, you think you are goicj. mighty fast when you see trees slippin' pa si Í'ou, but wait till you get her alongside a smarl lor&e; or two. Don't talk to me about pace, Why, I'll jump on one of them old milking cows, and do you bad for a mile." Anyone would have had to get up pretty early in thc morning if they wanted to take tea with old Dawson, and lots of the chaps said, when he won the Cockies' Handicap, for grass-fed horses only, that it was pretty old fashioned grass that 'hit horses were trained on. Well, Pat Doolan's place was a sight foi sore eyes on the morning of thc races. There were about three hoi-ses tied to each peg oi the rail in front of the shanty belonging to chaps that were going to camp on the creek, and who had just tied up to go in and have a nobbler and hear the news ; and those that couldn't find a place to tie their horses up had to put them in the yard, where they were jammed together like tinned sardines, squeal and kicking one another until you couldn't see 'em for dust. The bar-room was full of squatters and drovers, bullock-drivers, stock men, and jackeroos, all drinking whisky "straight," and mostly playing "Yankee ?Grab" at a pound a " pop," and there wasn't a man but was prepared to back his horse against all comers for drinks all round. A few of the local celebrities were sitting at one end of the bar, swopping lies, and there was very nearly being a row when " Holy Ghost Bob," the teamster, swore that he once owned a poley bullock who could do his milo in three 'Seconds under " Cup" time, because someone suggested that Bob had been in front " riding for his natural." Jimmy Taylor's bay mare, Princess, was a hot favorite for tile Stockman's Purse, as everyone said she was the smartest " camp" mare in the district, and that when Jimmy himself was up on her there wasn't a "scrubber" ever lived that could get away from him. Of course the Publican's Purse was to be the great event of the day for out siders ; for horses that had been in possession of nominators six months before thc day of the race ; 9st up ; Prize £20. Chaps had brought their horses 200 miles for this event, and some had got their whole year's wages laid out in wagers on their mounts. This pro mised to be a splendid race, and Joe Daly, the horse-breaker, who had a £10 book on the principal event, was laying 3 to 1 on the field m a manner that spoke well for the roaring powers of Doolan's best O.V.G. The event we were most interested in was of course The Squatter's Purse ; £40, subscribed by neigh boring station owners. There were a regular crowd going for the mile and a-half, and old Brazenose looked real well, a swell " hooky" from Sydney was laying 3 to I about him, and Banniman and Milligan backed him for a couple of centuries. By the time dinner was ready, all hands had about had enough of \- talking, and were beginning to think about the real business of the day, so the meal_ consisting of hot corned beef, stewed kidney, and cold roast, with cabbage, pumpkin, and " murphies in their duds," topped np with plum duff-was eaten in comparative silence, And, save for a station hand cutting Iiis lip -with his knife in his hurry to olear his plate A for a second helping of coined beef, and caus ing the host to exclaim, " Take care, yoong man, the backs of them knives is very sharp, ** it passed off without anything occurring to mar the solemnity of the feast. After the early dinner, parties began to arrive from all directions, and after the male portion of the arrivals had wetted their whistles at the pub, they all made for the racecourse. First of all came the manager of Spring Hills sheep station with bis wife and daughter in a buggy, escorted by a couple of " Colonial experiences" on horseback. Then came a regular cavalcade of chaps on horse back, every man on the smartest horse he could get, either bought or borrowed for the occasion; blacksmiths, carpenters, fencers, dam-makers, cooks, station hands, and all sorta ; some got np tremendous dukes, in cab bage-tree hats and colored puggaries, with brand new Bedford-cord trousers and leg gings ; others in gaudy striped shirts, all ready to go to their last shilling on then fancies, and all ready to drink themselves blind, and have a rare good time generally. The cook and his wife, from Tankabarra, arrived in a spring cart, after three days' journey. The biggest dash of all was cut by the young fellows from Wallangoola cattle run, who drove over, eight of them in a waggonette, six with a concertina and a cornet on board, making the devil's own row os they drove up at a hand-gallop, and pulled up slap in front of thc pub, and called for champagne. It wat champagne, too ; war ranted to kill at a hundred yards. The course was about half a mile from the shanty, on a bitof a flat alongside the creek. A grandstand had been fixed up by putting half a dozen bullock waggons together, and covering them with chairs, tables and anything that came handy in the way of a seat. There were two police-troopers, mighty flash in their new uniforms, with revolvers in their saddles to keep order ; not that they were much wanted, for bushmen manage to get along peaceably enough without being bothered with the blooming " traps." Tho clerk of the course, Mr. Hill, the manager of a cattle station near, was riding about very important in a red coat, on a broken down racer, and flying round like a blue-nosed fly in a tripe shop. The meeting began with the Cockies' Han dicap, for grass-fed horses only, every horse guaranteed the hona-fide property of a settler or farmer, and to be ridden by owners. Prize, £10 ; distance, 1 mile. When the horses came out for their prelim inary canter you'd have died to have seen old " Greasy Anderson's" fourteen stone hanging all over a nugetty- looking brown filly, that looked lonely without a spring cart behind her, and es he cantered past the Grand Stand somebody sang out "Two to one on the maro with the pack on. " Well they got away after three false starte, during which old Joe Han ning nearly got disqualified because he would catch hold of the bridle of the horse next him to prevent him getting away in front. When they did get started old Dawson went to the front and stopped there, for whether his black colt was frightened at the crowd, or whether the grass that he'd been trained on was of a very different sort to what generally grows in the bush, could not be ascertained, but, any way, pull as he might, old Dawson couldn't keep him back a foot, and he was heard to re mark confidentially, after coming in a winner by about 50yds. that he wouldn't be able to get a single bet on about bim next year, after whining so easily. The next event was the Hack race, for horses over four years ; wcight-for-age ; prize, £3. Distance, half-a-mile. There were fif teen competitors for this, and such a rum lot you never saw. There WUP the storekeeper from Walbadiila, on a mare called The Flying Squizzer, a great, tall mouse-colored thing, with a neck at right angles on her back, und a long thin tail that she kept whishing round fit to take a man's eye out. Then there was a great big upstanding raw-boned devil of a grey horse, with a wicked eye, that young Martin, who brought him over from Spring Hills, said he'd back to hold his own with anything that ever lived, if he could once get him going. But get him going ho never did, for as soon as the flag went down, down went my noble's head, in went his tail, up went his back, and he started such a game of bucking that would have unstripped any man almost ; nevertheless young Martin sat him nobly for a good bit, bucking sideways, then a mad tear at thc reins, snorting Uko a brumby, till at last, just when Martin'6 grip was giv ing, hang went the girths and lip went Mur tin, saddle and all, and landed clean as a whistle on his back right away outside the ropes, while the horse went tearing down the course, catching bis forefeet in the bridle, into the creek and over the other side and away down the flat as if tho devil was after him. Martin wasn't hurt much luckily, only shaken a bit, so they picked him up, and gave him a nip of whisky, when he started, as well he might, cursing the horse for a jumped-up, slab-sided, ewe-nocked, pigeon toed, hung-together cow, and swore that if he ever got him again "he'd cut his d liver out, and slide on it." Of course this unsettled the field a bit, but at hut they got off, all fourteen of 'cm, up in a bunch together, 'till about two hundred yards from home, when The Flying Squizzer came ont of the ruck, with a little rat of a bay pony on her girths, and a rare race they mode of it, neck and neck right up to the judge's box, while the crowd raised cries of, " Sit down on the mare!" "Now then on the pony!" " Get your whip ont, Jim !" It's a dead heat!" "No it ain't!" "Good again, Jimmy, boy !" and so forth, as the mare got first past by a good length and sailed clean round the course again, with her head up in the air, before she could be pulled up. The Stockmen's Race, which was tho next event on the programme, was won by a rank outsider, whom no one appeared to have ever seen or heard of. Of course the supporters of Taylor's celebrated mare, Princess, were very much upset by this occurrence, and were forced to seek consolation from whisky, which both cheered and inebriated. To such an extent, indeed, were their spirits raised by the influence of putting some down that a I concert was organised on the spot, and all present were obliged either to sing or " shout" drinks for tho crowd. Needless to say the majority preferred the former alter native. Hence arose a veritable Pandemo nium, which will probably continue for a week. Not until all hands are broke, or otherwise hors de combat, will peace be re stored and the locality resume its wonted tranquility. The " Squatters' Purse" came next. Such a blooming lot of weighing ont I never seen. Milligan looked awfully anxious, but Brase nose tossed his head about and looked as fit as a fiddle. The squatting push took a big interest in the race, and tine young ladies especially M. A fine looking brown-eyed gul nala in her hand a blue ribbon, which was to go round the neck of the winner, and I heard^Milligan tell Banniman ho would get that ribbon or die. Banniman colored up like a kid and said he, too, had reasons for getting the ribbon, at which Milligan looked at him, queer-like, and Banniman colored up again as red as a turkey cock. I said nothing, of course, but, like the sailor's parrot, I thought a lot. Well, there was a dozen nags, and jolly fine looking 'uns too. The favorite was a pretty-looking filly called Aidranne, and the gents backed her for a pot. Then there was an iron-grey called Gladstone, a big lump of a horse, but with a head on him as pretty as a-as a-well, he was a better looking nag than Milligan's, and that's say ing a lot. Then there was a fiddle-headed, roach-backed brute which caused everybody to laugh; hut, by Jerusalem, he could fly why, when the word "Off" was given he shot out like an arrow, and although Old Hill sang out "False start" old "fiddle-head" couldn't be pulled up, and he wont all round the course. Oh, lor, didn't old Jones, who owned him, swear ! and he caught up a bottle and gave the moke such a crack with it on the nut that made all the girls call out " Shame." Well, the general crowd at this time were liquoring up. "Oh ! only a b squatters' race," said one ; but I noticed be fore the horses had got properly underway all had breasted the rails and took as big an interest aB if the " Stockman's Purse" was being run. Well, the race was a real good 'un ; Brazenose was a bit behind at the bock of the course, with the little filly close on her withers; at the thrcequartcr post the marc was leading by a head, with a couple of others abreast of Brazenose. In the straight thc rush was great ; old Brazenose stretched himself out, and he passed the filly on the post by a short head. By Jove ! it was a j great race. Banniman and Milligan led Brazenose to the ladies' stand, where the brown-eyed girl said something, I couldn't hear what, but Banniman looked awfully pleased, and she tied the ribbon round the horse's neck, and the crowd cheered. Here's a bit of the ribbon, lads-and Brady took a few inches of royal blue out of his pocket but what do you think P Milligan, after the races were over, gave the girl the horse. Funny, wasn't it? The proceedings terminated with the " Publican's Plate," the big event of tho day. This was won, after an exciting contest, by a very popular character, a butcher from the township of Rockdale, about a hundred miles distant. The hero was carried to the pub on the shoulders of his comrades, and there filled by the neck until dead-drunk. I will draw a veil over the subsequent proceedings, und consider it sufficient to say that a bigger or a more thoroughly business like drunk than took place on that night has never been heard of before or since. I know, for one, I had a thundering big head on me next morning ; and Yorky hadn't got over it when I left. But one man there was who stood perfectly sober gloating over the pro strate forms of friends and foes alike, quelled by the despotism of the great monarch, Drink, and that man's name was Pat Doolan, " and thc same was a publican and sinner." Brady's health was then drunk, and the party turned in, to-morrow seeing our com panions of the past six months separated some to "spell, ' which means squandering their hard-earned cheques, others to seek distant lands, where the grass is supposed to grow greener than in Minny Australia, while several resolved to take up a bit of land and settle down quietly. I now bid the leaders of this column adieu-for the riresent. ROLAND QUIZ. 