GENERAL NEWS. Mb. Boyob III.— Wo regret to state that Mr. J. A. Boyco, CP.S., who has been far from well the last few days, hac' become too ill to attend his office yesterday. Alteration op Thie-table. — On Tuesday next the train timed to lcavo Warwick for Toowoomba at 3.20 p.m. will not leave till 6.30, and will reach Toowoomba at 10,45 p.m. This is in connection with the Allora show. SroBTiNG. — Want of space has prevonte'd much of this of late. We havo received the lust number of tho Sporting Calendar and two programmos issued by tho Ipswich Turf Club, a fuller mention of which wo will sndeavour to give in our next. Small Debts. — Tho following were the only twocases.in which judgment— in eaoh in stances for the plaintiff — wns given in the Small DebtB Court yestorday mornine. The Police Magistrate prasidod. T. T. W. Webb v J: Twidle, bread 12s 2(1, with costs 10s ; Frederick Robinson t W. J. Perry, dishonoured promis sory note, £14 11s 6d, with costs £2 19a. Mr. Murray for plaintiff. Maintenance.— On Wodneiday last the case of wif« desortion, Selina Lawrenco v Solomon Louia Lawrence, which had boon so often adjourned, was settled. Mr. Hamilton ap peared for plaintiff and Mackay for defendant, and an order by consent w»a made for 25s. per wonk from 2Gth October last, (less £9 10s cash received) for twelve months. Defendant was required to enter into sureties at Towns, ville; also to pay tho costs nf tho case £2 GsGd, in default seven days imprisonment. Book Rkcbivku.— Wo havo received from Messrs. A. l'rovan & Co .booksellers, Ruthven st., the Xmas number of the Review oi lhvievi under tho taking title of ' Real Ghost Stones.' Tho book is profuaoly illustrated «urt ought to be interesting reading. Should this turn out tho caso upon perusal, wo shall probably havo more to tay about it. Messrs, Provan also send us tho Queensland Tublo Book, already noticed in these colonies, us do also Messrs. Black, Stoao aud McDonald, both j of which firms print and publish it. Thb Litig-ant Bkkwebs. — Tho consump tion of suction must havo increased to a great DxWt during the past few days, or the Ijrowers must have been too busily engaged With the article of thoir trade to afford time enough for the concoction of trouble. At any rate they have ' let tha matter slide,' and have agreed to meet their opponents, the Mounted Infantry, in a tng of war a I'ou trimpe this afternoon. The dispute will be decided on the Caledonian sports ground at 5 30,' and as the admission is free, a goodly crowd of spectators may be expected. iLLRGAlir Resouino.— Yesterday Ernest Gcitz sued Sonney Fox for illegally rescuing ahorse. Mr. Mackay appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Murray for defendant. Some time ago Mensrs. Gisler Bro9. obtained judgment and later a distress warrant against Mr. Fox, of More Estate. Bailiff Marlor deputed Edmund- Geitz. of Middle Ridge, to execute. The latter proceeded to the residence of the victim and insidiously — after the manner of ' bums ' all the world over — inquired of Mr. Fox's sob Sonney whether he had a horse to sell. Sonney led the way to the stable with alacrity, and clapped s ^bridle on to tho horse in order that the buyer would have every facility for examinationV The visitor seized the bridle, announced bss mission, and flashe.d his docu ment. All this caused a strange revulsion or feeling on the\ part of Sonney, who retorted th»t if the otllei didn't let go thij horse he would ' knock his eyes out.' The' meek bailiff's man shortly afterwards left, and the stable door was looked— with the steed still inside. Mr. Murray submitted that the case must he dismissed, as Mr. Geitz had admitted that Sonney had hold of tho bridle-reins hII the time,' and it was not lawful for a bailiff to take goods out of the manual possession of anyone. It is to be hoped for ''all our sakes, these hard times, that this law, is g»od, as we shall bo better able to cope with the ineffable bum should he dare to liuvade our premises. In anticipation of such .a visit, it might be well to connect all the f prniture with ropes and have some one sticking to the loose end night and day. Just theu, however, tho P.M. couldn't see it, and Sotiuey was fined £1, with costs of Court, 4s GuVjiind professional 'costs, £2 2s, in all £3 6s GJ, in default one month's imprisonment. Three \vitnesses in the case agreed to forego thoir expenses. Mr Murray accepted the verdict undbr the protest. Looah Government (Elections. — Walks over are the order of the flay in local govern* ment affairs this year, unlike the lust when nearly everything wob contested. The good people of the district must,) however, console themselves with tho fact tlmt there will bo a fight or two in every division, and even in the municipality — whore Messrs. Groom and Stirling ruu against each othfcr for cast ward. Mr. Flynn, late town clcrkl also seeks to dispossees ono of last year's auditors, Messrs. Allen and LakUg. The poll fo'r alderman will be taken on the 2nd of next ! month at the Immigration Depot, Murgancl-strcet, where ratepayers of the ward mayt also cast their votes for auditors. The latH-; function will be provided for weBt was .men in the Assembly Rooms, and south §mtri mpn in the Town Hall. In JonclaryonTT, , ... . . tho only contest will bo for No. 3 su*l-vision bcttveun the retiring member Mr- GyWhittaker aud Mr. W. Vickers, of Sonthbrobk, whose record of defeats is not easily beaHn. Polling (by postal ballot) takes place on !)lth February, In Gowrie Division, although I ono of the retiring members, Mr. Bowdou, was nominated for No. 1 Subdivision, he re tired, leaving the field to Mr'.W. Harris, for so long local Inspector of Police. Fur No. 2, Messrs. E. Ball nnd Peter llatzo, both old members of the Board, but relegated to obscurity for a space, will come to tbo con vincing ground on tho 4th February. As the ratepayers of this division have abolished tho postal ballot, the voting will be done by ordiuary ballot, for which purpose two polling booths have been sot apart on Gowrie Road, one at Mr Joseph Heiner's and tho other at Mr James Doyle's. It was an oversight oinitt'ng to take a poll at tbe board's office, as many of the ratepayer!) live, or are employed during the day in town, and will not care about journeying out Gowrie Road way to exercise the franchise. In Rosalio Division both seats are contested. For Ho. 1 Subdivi sion, from Mr R. Wilcox retires, Mossrp. H. V. King (a former member' of tbe hoard) and George Wieek, of Gooinbungee, come forward, and for No. 2, which tho Hon. J. F. M'Dougall haB represented since the creation of local government, Mr John Daly takes tho field in opposition. Polling (by postal ballet) closes on 9th February. For Ilighfielrts Mr Broadfoot, tho retiring member, and Mr Henry Graham announce their candidnturo ! for No. 1. and Mr Fred. J. Tujflor for No. 2. i Tho nominations aro not received till Monday next. In all cases wbero nominations havo been received, savo that of tho Municipality, tho old auditors havo been ro-oloctedr without opposition. ?' ?'??- \~^~^' Unsophisticated bcsiimbn to country BtoreUeopor says: -'\Senil mo a bag of im ported flour that has not been in a vessel ; tho last I had was tainted.' Storekeeper replies: 'All imported (lour has bean ou board ship nnd liuble to sea-sicknesi. It is too oxpensivo to import by rail. I tt'.i meet your objection though in a reasonable way by now sending you the local avticlo fresh from tho mills of Barnes, Archibald aud Co.* 