ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. CHAPTER VL A GLIMPSE OF THE UN8IEN. Br JOSEPH HOOKING, Author of "Elrad the Hie," "Jabez ^ Eaaterbrook." &o;, Hamlet— Then saw you not His face? Horatio—Yes, my lord. He wore his beaver op. Hamlet—Pale or red? Borctir—Nuy, very pale. Burnet—And fixedhis eyes upon you? Horatio—Most constantly. —Hamlet. Act L, scene 2. After a vegetarian dinner, of which Jack partook bat sparingly, the evening passed quietly away. The three young ladies thumped on the piano in turn, and in turn also sought to flirt with their country cousin. Uncle William quietly slept in an arinohair, Bill pored over the life and visions of Mr. Daniel Home, giving an occasional glance at a book on theosophy, while Aunt Mary went to the kitchen to order a little supper for herself and nephew. No one referred to the subject which they had been discussing in the morning, and as a consequence no exoitement wai aroused. Indeed, Jack was not long in seeing that every one was sleepy and tired, and not sorry when bedtime came. About 10 o'clock " good- nighte" were Raid, and our hero, after spending half an hour with Aunt Mary in her private sitting-room, where they both enjoyed come jugged hare, also retired to his room. " I seem to have been in London a year," be said, as he got into bed. "I've got plenty to interest me for some time to come, and I rather fancy I shall have some strange experiences before long. Anyhow, that kind of feeling possesses me just now. Let me see, there is one practical and two romantic problems before me. I wonder how they'll mix? badly I am afraid. Studying Spiritualism, and finding oat who this Zillah is on the one hand, and school teaching on the other. Well, FU work 'em all I can ; and the young man composed JjimBelf to sleep. When he got down on the following morning be found, to his^reat surprise, that Uncle William and Bill had both gone to business. It seems that they had been somewhat incapable the day before, and had taken it easy, so they bad-gone early in order to make up for lost time. A message was left for Jack, however, that he must not be later than seven for dinner that-night, as they were going to start for Westminster at half-past eight, when great things were confidently expected. He felt like laughing at the message, however, it seemed •> foolish ; and as afterwards be went into the Gity and caught somethingof the spirit of the great throbbing life of London, frith its ceaseless whirl and turmoil, the thought of his evening's engagement became tnore and more unreal. After luncheon, however, he sat alone by the Jire, and began to think seriously of what he erae going to do. What should he see and bear? Alter all, the pretence of talking with BpiritB was somewhatunoanny, and if hiB father •rare to send him a message—well, while it would give him a world of comfort on the one . band,- on the other it would Bomehow take •way from the sanctity of the thought of death. "Still IHgo," he muttered. "If there is toothing but foolishness I shall have a good .langh, and if there is something else, well, lutrate life .will be demonstrated, and that's a good deal. My word, though, I would give a gooddeal to see a real bona-fide ghost, and be sore there wa3 no trickery anywhere. And, after all, there need be no sacrilege. I shall fto in & perfectly reverent frame of mind, and if it could be that father might tell me what I un sure he wanted to before he died it would )>e joy unspeakable." When Uncle William and Bill came home to dinner he was to say the least interested, fie had not lost his appetite, however; and although he did not enjoy the lentil soup and the other peculiarly vegetarian dishes, he ate heartily of the sweets with which the meal •onduded. "John," said Uncle William as he was helped to the last course," I hope you are ready for our visit to-night." "Quite ready, Uncle William," said Jack brightly. "You are not afraid ?" "Not the slightest. Why should I?" "No, I do not think you need Le; but people QBually are when they see the spirit wond for the first time." *' But why should they be ? The spirits do sot hurt, I hope!" " Not friendly ones, John ; and of course scarcely any other than friendly ones do come. * But they have been known to get angry and beat the musical boxes on people's beads rather hardly." " What for ?" cried Jack. "Ah, members of the circle have angered them by mockery," said Uncle William. " Ahl well, I'll be careful not to mock," said Jack; "and BB I mean to behave well I hope they wOL" "Let me see, you have never been to a seance at all, have you?" • "No, not properly. Two or three fellows did get hold of a tahle at College onoe, and the thing • knocked about a good deal, but nothing came of it. Shall we have the same kind of thing to-night?" " There will be but little knocking. Yon will feel the approach of the spirits by a cold wind sweeping over your hands." _ " Just so: but I hope there will be some- : thing more than wind." "John," and - Uncle William was very \- solemn, "John, I expect you will see such things to-night that you will come back a : Spiritualist. If only the ordinary intermediate souls are there, you will be converted; but if ' the great soul whom we expect comes, a new world will be open to you. Be thankful, John, that you have come here. Be more thankful still that you have consented to go with us, for soon you will live in a new sphere. The age of faith will then be gone. Yon will live where faith will be lost in sight. But two dangers are before you—fear and doubt. If you fear, you may beoome too' credulous; and if you fear not, then, John, beware, you may close your eyes to the truth of the hiehest manifes- \- tations. Keep your mind open, John. Beoeive the tenth of spirit intelligences, grasp the prize, and maroh forward to"the highest goal!" " Ah," thought. Jack, " he s eaid those things before. I shouldn't at all wonder i. Uncle Bill isn't one of' their platform bghts It's a pity such a flowery speech shouldn't be in print/' " And now," continued the little man, ' "letus go. - My faith is strong, myexpecta tionB are great. To-night we shall reach the highest grade, we shall stand on the highest ri< ilatform. I—even I—feel a little excited. HI :ow are your nerves, John?" 'Steadyas old time." Unole William grasped his hand, put hi finger on his pulse, and counted carefully. " John, Joan, I am afraid that—that—John, you are very ccol, very calm." "I mean to be" said Jack; "it takes just a little to knock me off my bearings." They started for Westminster. After walking along quietly for some time in 1 a broad open streets, they turned into one } at was narrower. On each side were thirdste shops of all sorts. Fishmongers, greengrocers, small drapers, and various other trades and callings were represented. *• Do your friends live here?" asked Jack of Uncle William. "It seems a some what shady neighbourhood." "Yes, they live here. One aged soul has lived here for years. She was onoe a powerful revealer, but her might is gone. She did good service to our cause, and so I keep her here in peace. Her house is convenient for our purpose, for our friend, although unable to advanoe the cause by her lost powers, is still as enthusiastic as ever. All our meetings are held here, and great things are done." They came to a ehop where songs and all kinds of oommon music were sold, and here the party stopped and Bill knocked at the private door of the house. It was opened by a woman, short and somewhat stout, who admitted them without a word. She was exceedingly dirty, and her dress, to use an old pun, was more " holy than righteous," for it was Bcolloped and tern all over, in no very artistic fashion. "IB that the person who has so benefited your cause f asked Jack, as they went upstairs. "No, oh, no," replied Uncle William, "she's a servant. She's a good Spiritualist; indeed, •he in ordinary terms might be called a good medium, but Bhe's old-fashioned now, and we eeldom admit her to our circles unless we are short of a soul to make up a number. But I'll be fair—the spirits never fail when she's with ns." " It's a pity they don't tell her to wash herself. then, said Jaok. They entered a good-sized room, where four people were sitting. All arose to meet Uncle William and those of the family who bad aooompanied him, and here let me say that only Bill and Agnes had come, as Uncle William was afraid lest the circle might be too large for the room. He was evidently regarded, too, as one of great authority, for all paid him great defe renoe. " Ts Mr. Bolair come?" he asked anxiously. "Yes." "Anyone with him?" "No, we think not," was the answer. "Surely he will not disappoint us again !' eaid the little man. " I shall lose all confi dence in him if he does." He accordingly went into the adjoining room and beckoned Jack to accompany bim. Her our hero found a large square apartment, i the midst of which was a table, arouni which was placed a dozen wooden-seated chairs. (To be continued.) The world is slow to believe that a sin is bluck as loDg as it pays well. 