SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. 1 (Copyright.) j By an M.D. Author of " Under a Spell," " Victoria Cross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In Love with a Ghost," " Condemned to Death," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER It "ACT C.V.SAR AUT NULLUa." As" soon as I had left the General's house in so abrupt a manner, I turned into his stables and ordered the groom to saddle a horse. Whilst he was doing this, I extracted from him the route I had to follow in order to reach St. Bracques, His directions were so clear that I coulcl not possibly miss the road, so, taking down a heavy hunting crop, I seated myself iu the saddle and moved impatiently off. The streets seemed more crowded than usual, and hindered me from pushing forward as rapidly as I desired, and I had to thread my way in and out of the numerous carts and carriages at a slow walk, varied only occasionally by a sharp trot. At last I reached the barriers, and found my self ou a long straight road where the traffic gradu ally sank to a minimum, and 1 was euahled to ease my excited mind by putting the horse into a smart gallop. Soon the houses grew fewer and farther between, tall poplars and hedgerows usurped their places, and I began to feel that I was n suing my destination. Iu a spirit of reckless bedevilment, I urged the horse to his topmost speed, and found a temporary release from carking care in the exhilaration pro duced by rapid motion. As far as I could judge, I was barely a mile from my destination, yet the ride had made me cast anxiety away, and I only looked forward with joyful expectancy to my rapidly approaching meeting with Ethel. I seemed to have . forgotten the disagreeable explanations I should have to make, and the vile falsehoods I should have to combat, before she would take me to her heart again, and, above all, I never thought of Julie's horrible insinuation, that she might even now be married. But my memory was destined to have an un pleasant jog before I saw Ethel. As I careered madly along, I observed a horseman coming sharply towards me from the direction of St. Bracques. At first he appeared only a tiny speck at the end of the long, straight road ; then the horse and its rider gradually became larger and more distinct until they arrived within 20 yards of me, when I sud denly reined in, and placed my animal across tha road so aa to bar the other's passage. " Out of the way, fellow !" exclaimed a . voice which made tlie blood mount to my brain. " Apparently you do not recognise me !" I answered. "Or perhaps you find it more convenient to pretend ignorance ! " At the sound of my voice he started violently, and raised his eyes to mine. He evidently had been too deeply immersed in thought to take notice of any obstruction in liis way until close upon it. " Why are you travelling in this direction?" he asked, fiercely. "To call upon Miss Brandon," I answered, unable to suppress a gleam of triumph. "She will refuse to see you. Julie has been beforehand, and torn your character into such minute fragments, that I should not wonder if the groom has received instructions to drive you off the premises." " I warn you not to be insolent, Mons. Dubosque. The object of my visit to Miss Brandon is to unmask your real character so thoroughly, that even a con victed felon would mare readily obtain access to her, than the Marquis de Dijonnais, a perjurer, .a liar, and a cheat." My words produced the effect they were intended to. The Marquis gave vent to a furious oath, spurred his horse savagely, and bounded towards me with his whip raised, ready to strike 1110 acros the face. But I had calculated upon his movements, and a gentle touch on the off rein brought my horse round, and allowed my antagonist to shoot past me, striking the empty air as he did so. Then came my opportunity. A slight application of the spur would have brought me alongside of him before he could have turned to defend himself, and then my heavy crop would have descended with such crush ing force as to knock hi 111 senseless from the saddle. ' For just one second I gloated like a fiend at having the man who had worked me such irreparable mis chief iu my power ; I spurred my horse, raised the crop, and then lowered it again, . without making use of my advantage! This man, at oue time, hail been to me like % brother, and I could not, at the critical moment, bring myself to inflict upon him a disgrace which could only be wiped out in blood. "I spare you the degradation!" I cried, as I wheeled my horse and once more faced him. He was perfectly cognisant that this manoeuvre had placed him in my power, for he politely thanked me for the forbearance I had shewn, adding that he was all the more obliged to me, as it would be very unbecoming to appear at the altar on the morrow with a cut and discoloured face. His last remark was disconcerting, but 1 deter; mined to conceal my anxiety. WI presume you have repented of your conduct towards Julie !" I exclaimed. "She will make a beautiful bride, and I therefore wisli you every happiness." "I alluded to my approaching marriage with Miss Brandon," answered the Marquis, calmly. I burst into a loud, defiant laugh. "There's many a slip -'twist the cup and tlie lip," I quoted. "It is a good old English proverb, and I am about to have the pleasure of proving its unerring truth to you. Good day, Mons. de Dijorinais. I must loiter 110 longer, for I am keeping a lady waiting" I rode slowly past him, while he sat as immovable as a statue in his saddle. I had gone but a very few yards when he called after me, " Stop, Gerald, I implore you !" I slowly turned and once more met him. "Do you know what you are about to do? he asked in an agitated voice. . "Certainly," I replied. "No man could know liis own intentions better." "You do not!" he answered, excitedly. You cannot be aware of all the consequences which will accrue from tlie step you are about to take. Yon, will be successful in wresting Etliel from me, but the moment you do it, she and her brother, will be paupers, for I hold every franc of their fortune iu my grasp." "So far, that is nothing very serious, for I am rich enough to replace them in possession of the money so skilfully snatched from them.- If that was all you had to tell me, Mons. de Dijonnais, it was hardly worth stopping me for." "There is another coiisequence\YlTie!rwnn- eoulfc- from your victory," said the Marquis, solemnly. " But as it will affect neither Ethel nor you, I need uot trouble you with mentioning it." "Come!" I replied. "It is hrdly\ fair to make me waste my precious moments in iisteningto mere hints and inuueiuloes." "Ah ! Time indeed is wasted away from Ethel," replied the Marquis, in a trembling voice. " You are.. her first lover, Gerald, and although Julie has poisoned her mind against you to such an extent that she has consented to wed me to-morrow, yet I feel that your appearance to plead your cause in person will result in my being dismissed with ignominy. If it is to be so, it will be only what 1 deserve, for it is useless to conceal from you that I have used every artifice, have stooped to every degradation, and have devised the most nefarious schemes to drive you from her, and win her to myself. Whea l first knew you in London, I held honour as my most priceless possession; then I met Etliel, and learned that her devotion to you was a fatal stumbling block to tho passionate love with which she inspired- me. My downward path is as well known to you as to me, but believe me, Gerald, that throughout it all, I felt for. you the affection of a brother, and the bitterest moments of my life have been those in which you have clasped .my hand in loyal friendship whilst I was plotting to ruin your dearest hopes." "I am sorry for you," I' gently said. "But I cannot alter my determination to seek an interview witli Ethel, for the future of three lives depends upon it." "The future of two only," hastily exclaimed De Dijonnais. " Put me aside altogether, for I lwve played my last stake and have lost." After a moment's hesitation, he continued, "Nevertheless, I will accompany you back to St. Bracques and await, in the lane, the result of of your visit. Come to me at the expiration of an hour, and tell me my fate. If it is adverse, I will bid you an eterna' adieu, for if I cannot be Caesar I will be nobody- I will cease to be ! " "Do not let disappointment urge you to anytime rash ! " I exclaimed, alarmed at his threat. "Suit-id is but a cowardly shirking of responsibility." "You have mistaken your vocation, Gerald," sail De Dijonnais, endeavouring to assume an air o! gaiety. "You preach so admirably, that, your word; have impressed me with the idea that, my carcas- is more valuable than I thought it. Hence, I sup pose I ought not to damage it without the specia permission of le bon fJieu!" j "It is too serious a subject to joke upon, I re plied, -somewhat sternly. At this rebuke, De Dijonnais became silent, aim we rode on side by side into the village of St. Bracques. At the farther end. he pointed out a large white, stuccoed villa, and hoarsely whispered, "She is. there ! " My heart beat fast, at the announce ment, but its pulses were those of hope, whereas 1 noticed that my companion's face became nior. haggard, and that an attempt at nonchalance a miserable failure. We rode together to the gate, and there tlm Marquis wrung my hand, exclaiming, "Remember, I can only wait one hour." Then he slowly walked his horse away from the house, whilst I entered and went quickly up the drive. The hall door was barely opened to my impatient summons, when, away to the right amongst the trees, I .caught a glimpse of a white-robed figure, moving slowly and gracefully along. I could not mistake, the lithe and active movements, so familiar to me in the happy, bygone days. Hastily throwing the reins to the man-servant, I muttered some words to the effect that I saw Miss Brandon in the garden, and would make my way to her unannounced. Then, to the utter destruction ofmy dignity, and the astonishment of the open- mouthed domestic, I started off at a rapid run -towards 1 Ethel. The path was very narrow and tortuous; and wound with sharp curves amongst tall laurels, which for the moment concealed her from my longing gaze. The noise I made, as I crashed through all obstacles arrested her attention, and when I saw her again, she was standing still, facing me, with an expression of wonderment which changed to one of agitation as she recognised her visitor. How pale and lovely she looked, as she stood there, mute and motionless from, as I. hoped, her joyful surprise at seeing me ! "I have found you at last, Ethel, darling!" I cx claimed, extending my hand to take hers, preparatory to giving her a warmer and more loving greeting But she shrank from the contact and hastily recoilo a few steps ! Then I remembered, for the first time, the awful calumnies I had to refute before I could hope that she would even condescend to be on terms of friendship. It also flashed across me that 1 was addressing a girl on tlie eve of her wedding day. with such a passionate intonation of voice, as to thoroughly justify her action in shrinking from me. "I have much to explain, many falsehoods to dis prove," I stammered. "I decline to listen to you!" answered Ethel, curtly. | "It is useless; besides it is too late." "Is it; useless because you have elected to believe the assertions of a 'girl who is your lover's decoy- duck ? " I exclaimed, with irritati-on. "Her assertions are hacked up by your letters te her! Arid neither Millie. de'Savigny, nor any ot he: woman, would make me the. recipient of such a sa'. confidence, unless it were A a. Such being my opinion, any further converse, m between us wouJ not only be useless, but painful." "Then I may conclude that it is your fixed inten tion to believe, in preference to me, the Marquis d> Dijonnais, who has tricked you out of your fortune, and Mdlle. de Savigny, who was betrothed only a short ti me ago to your future husband, but who Iu-.; resigned her claims upon him in your favour, in consideration of a sum of two hundred thousand francs ? Come Ethel," I continued, changing my indignant tones to those of persuasion, "grant nv the prisoner's right to plead his own cause, and 1 will conclusively prove that you and 1 are tin victims of as foul a conspiracy as ever disgraced tin name of man. Has it never occurred to you to as! me to account for my mysterious disappearanc from London, and for my equally mysterious re-ap pearance in Paris under the guardianship of a mas known to you as De Dijonnais, but for a long tim known to me only as Dubosque, president of : revolutionary society ? Tlie Marquis told me tha' to-morrow was fixed for bis wedding, but when h ascertained that I was determined to see you, h almost abandoned hope and confessed bis villainie- He is now awaiting my return to hear liis fate, an I have promised to convey to him your verdict." Ethel at last granted me a hearing, and I succinct!;, narrated every incident of 'my life from the monu r." I was forced away from London up to the stormy interview with Julie in the General's house: I con cealed nothing from her, and the very frankness o my confession convinced her of its truth, "i'oo Gerald! " she softly exclaimed, as I came to the en of my recital. "Poor Gerald ! How miserable, you must have felt at being a prisoner in tlie hands o such a set of assassins ! " "My" misery consisted in being separated fron you," I answered, at last gaining possession of he coveted hands. "But tell me, Ethel, can you In- lieve every word of the strange story I have tol you ? " " I can believe anything you tell me, and I wa. mad to. doubt your honour for an instant. Oh- quickly, and beg the Marquis to set me free, from this distasteful marriage, for I cannot do violence L my feelings now that I know you are true." "Have no fear as to the success of my interview,' I replied, gaily. "The Marquis has gained your con sent by fraudulent representations, and if ke refuses to accede to your request I shall threaten te publish liis conduct towards me in eveiy club ard cafe in Paris." "Deal gently with him," pleaded Etliel, "for : fear that his great love for me has been the caus-. of his unfortunate sacrifice of honour." " The blow shall be softened by every means in my power, for I give him the credit of being sincere- in his - pass jpn -for you. He will be now impatient 1\ expecting me, so before 1 leave,, treat me, Etliel as you used to ! " I did not await her permission, but took her into mv arms and fondly caressed her. Joy was crown e. : with supreme happiness as her sweet lips met mine, and 1 knew that in that kiss she had meant- me to be assured that I was her . only love, and that her reconciliation was perfect. '-Twilight was deepening into dusk as I slow! retraced my steps through the shrubbery after Elbe: hail left me. For a moment I stood watching to.-i fiimi-e moving towards the house, and thought witi ' a thrill of delight that this fair creature would 'a 1 last be mine, to be the joy and comfort of a life which had been so sorely tried. From this lovor'.- revefie I was aroused by the sharp crackling o' some dead leaves, iiml the next instant the liaggar eyes of De Dijonnais were peering into mine wit: a. wild glare which betokeueil incipient insanity "I have heard all, and seen ail!" he exclaimed, in a voice so unlike his own, that, had I not beeo able to recognise his face, I shoiAu never hav< imagined it to be his. "Then you have lightened my task," I answered, . kindly. "Of course, I should be a hypocrite to pretend to be sorry at the. turn -events have taken, hut, believe me, I sympathise with you deeply." "Do not offer what T do not ask for! I imagined I could meet you calmly when you came to give me mjr sentence, of death, and so I should have done, had I not impatiently followed you, and witnessed the tender caresses which passed between you. That sight drove away mv philosophy, and aroused all the evil fiends who have taken possessiou-of my heart. When I felt their presence I made a couipac! with them that they should have my soul, ii' tliev would aid me in killing every man who shoul i dare to look upon Ethel with eyes of love. Teli me that you will surrender her, or, by Heaven, I will-—" - "What madness are you contemplating ? " I asked, eyeing him as narrowly as the. darkness would permit, ior a conviction began to take possession of me that the man had either been drinking heavily during my absence, or that the cer'a uy of liis losing the girl ne . so passionately wor .nipped had temporarily unsettled his reason. "Do you call it madness ?" lie asked, with a dis cordant laug'i. "I c«ll it the acme of sober-minded reason to send the long train of suitors, one by one, to where . they can never interfere with me again." "Your cold-blooded, jeering way of talking is horrible !" I exclaimed. " For goodness sake do not put such fearful emphasis on your words, or you will make me think you are in earnest." " I am in earnest ! " he answered, so slowly and deliberately that I could not mistake his meaning. As he spoke, I detected a slight click, the ominous sound of which could be imitated only by the cock ing of a revolver ! " uDo not let us have any playing with dangerous weapons," I said sternly. "Put your revolver down, and consent to discuss tlie matter quietly." "Will you answer my questions? " replied tha Marquis. "Certainly. As many as you like." "Do you love Ethel Brandon ? " 6-0f course I do, I answered sharply. "Is it your intention to marry her ?" "You know it is, as well as I do myself." " Then you must he removed ! " A little flash of flame, a cracking report, and a Jtinging, burning pain iu my side was all that I jemeinbered, for my senses deserted me and I fell prone to the ground. An hour elapsed before con sciousness returned, and I then found myself lying on a sofa with Jack Brandon standing by my side, and Ethel's sweet, pale faje, bedewed with tears, bending over me. Seated in a cliai at the foot of tlie sofa was an elderly man whoin I lightly con jectured to be a surgeon. "What has become of De Dijonnais ?" I asked, with a confused recollection of his wild_mauuer and his treacherous shot. "He galloped off directly he had tried to murder you," answered Ethel, tearfully. "We rushed out of the house at the first souud of firing, for I knew at once what it meant, but the Marquis had already gone, leaving you lying senseless on the ground." The surgeon stepped forward and cheerfully assured me that I had nothing to fear from my wound, for it was merely skin deep, and tlie mosl I should suffer would be the inconvenience of keep ing quiet for a few days. He added, with a furtive glance at Ethel, that I was in very good hands, and was sure to make a rapid recovery. How can I describe the intoxicating happiness of the next week? Confined to the house, with . Ethel as my companion, the hours flew by with amazing rapidity, and the end of each found me more and more rapturously in love. A sharp pang of grief startled me suddenly from this Elysium. I took up the paper one morning, and chance directed my attention to a paragraph headed " Sad death of a nobleman." The nobleman was the Marquis de Dijonnais, and the Parisian, journal minutely described his untimely end, summing up its account by hinting that it looked more like a case of suicide than of death by misadventure. Careless handling of a revolver, amounting" almost to criminal recklessness, brought about the catastrophe, according to the statement of his friend in whose rooms the sad event took place. The writer of the paragraph was not far beside the mark, for both Ethel and I knew that this misguided man, great in his passionate love and great in his lapse from honour, had voluntarily chosen death rather than survive the wreck of liis hopes, and the terrible degradation of his once upright character. There was much in him to love, as well as .much to de spise, yet when I recalled the days of our constant companionship, and his sincere efforts to make my position as pleasant as possible, I forgot all his faults, regarded his attempt on my life as due to temporary insanity, and mourned sincerely for liis sad and premature end. In Avhat was probably the last act of liis life, he still evinced his overpower ing devotion to Ethel. His will, which was dated on the day of his death, gave her the possession of all his real and personal property, which was of considerable value. To Julie de Savigny he also left a large sum, sufficient to place her above dependence on her uncle ; and thus, having done an act of justice, he finished his mortal career by juicide ! The atmosphere of Paris became very depressing after all these sad events, and Ethel quite agreed with me that " Home, home" was the best place in which to recruit our despondent spirits. For myself, I was terribly anxious to reach London, so as to take the earliest opportunity of getting the odious sentence of madness passed upon me reversed, f<5r until that had taken place I was a nonenti »nd not fit to repeat the solemn marriage vow. Tho day after poor De Dijonnais' funeral, which Jack and I made a point of attending, we landed at Dover and hurried by express to tlie Metropolis, where the Brandons took apartments, whilst I went to Bayswatcr to present myself to my uncle, whom I had apprised by telegram of my approaching arrival. His astonishment at my re-appearance was overwhelming, and his surprise at my perfect sanity was ludicrous ! He positively acted as if I had no right whatever to sound sense and reason, and when I hinted that my chief object in coming to England was to assume the control of my property he began to bluster and to give his opinion that, if the Lord Chancellor was so weak as to accede to my request, I should not have a penny piece remaining at the end of a year ! I laughed at liim heartily, rallied him on wishing to keep me under his tutelage, and finally got an invitation to take up my abode at his house wbict I accepted with pleasure. (To be continued.) " Instructor: "What cloes Condillac say about brutes in the scale of being?" Student: "He says a brute is an imperfect man." Instructor : " And what is man ?" Student : " Man is a perfect brute." " I shay, my fnen', can you (hie) tell me where the other side of the street is?" "Certainly; just across the way ; why do you ask?" " Why (hie) because a minute ago I asked another feller the same thing, and (hie) lie said this was the other side of the street." Togetiikr they were looking over the paper. " Oli my, how funny she said. " What is it?" be asked. "Why, here's an advertisement that says, 'no reasonable offer refused."' "What's so odd about that?" "Nothing, nothing," she replied, trying to blush, "only those are exactly my sentiments." If that, young man hadn't taken the hint and proposed then and there she would have hated him. In a certain clergyman's family the conversation turned upon the character of the baby — why lie was so naughty. The brother, who had. reached the ago of 12, and was studying the steam engine in the interval of catechism, gave vent to his authority in the . following suggestive reply : "Papa, as we all inherit the siii of Adam, and the baby is such a little fellow, is there not a greater pressure of sin to the square inch on the baby than on the rest. of us?" "Hk patient. Do not fret and fume over the troubles of this life. T don't think a mosquito is a very agreeable, companion, but I should not want for a friend a man who would run around all day to get rid of a mosquito.' We are all soldiers on the inarch to victory, and it. is a shame for men to run through all the nioods and tenses of discontent and be for ever renroacliing God because their lot is harder than "that of some of their fellows." — llcnrij Hard llceeher. Tim majority of fellows who attempt, to make fun of a mother-in-law were never blest with one. , Many years ago, at a dinner party in Glasgow, there was present- an advocate of rather 'sharp practice, fond of giving toasts and sentiments. After the clotli- was removed and the -bottle had gone round once 'or twice, the ladies withdrew to the ' lighter pleasures of the drawing-room — all but one very plain old maid. She remained behind, and as the" conversation began to get a little masculine, our friend of the "long robe " was anxious to get, rid of the " ancient," mid for the purpose rather prema turely asked Thrumbs the privilege of giving a toast This being granted, he rose and gave, the old toast of " Honest men and bonnie lasses." The toast was drunk with all the honours, when the dame, who was sitting next to the lawyer, rose from her seat, gave the lawyer a poke in the ribs with the end of her finger, and having said, "Mr. , that toast neither applies to von nor me." left the room. Sown soldiers who were quartered in a country village, when. they, met at the roll-call, were asking one another wluit, kind of quarters they had got. One of them said he had got. very good quarters, but the strangest, landlady-evcr he had— she always took him off. ""His comrade said lie would go along- with him. and would hike her off. He accordingly went, j and offering to shake hands with her, said. " How are j you. Elspa (that was her name)?" "Indeed, sir?" ? said she " ye liac the better o' me : I dinna ken you." ! " Dear Elspa. do ye no ken me? I am the devil's sister's son. : " Dear save us," quoth she, looking him broadly m the face. " Oh, mail, but ye're like your uncle." Tiikre is less devotion to principle than to appetite. The current, of liat e will wash away the foundation . of love. . . ' . _ 