BRAINS AND INCHES. " Exceeding tall men havo ever very empty heads," writes Lord Bacon. Thomas Fuller says more warily, "Often tho cockloft is empty in those whom nature hath built many storeys high"— a metaphor seomingly borrowed from Bacon's " Nature did never put her precious jewels into a garret four storeys high." Compare Fuller's moderate "often with Bacons sweeping "over and "never," which surely Bmnok of some personal ill-will. Can it bo that tbe "wisest, brightest, meanest of mankind " was dealing a side thrust at Elizabeth's tall favorite, my Lord of Leicester? Moanwhiio there needs no ghost to tell us that both Bacon and Fuller were men of middle height. But now Balzac steps forward in cap and bolls to givo us tho same "old dog in a new doublet" — "Tous les grauds homines ont did patits," says he, and we defy all England to translate that phrase — it bears too many meanings. It may mean that the tallest of the tali once wore long clothes ; or that the greatest of great .men was once small enough for a cradle. Socrates was stumpy, also St. Paul and Alexander tho Great — groat only as a warrior. In staturo bath he and hiB far more intellectual father, Philip of Maeedoii, scarce reached middle height. In this re gard wo may rank them with tho fumous Spartan general, Agosilaus ; with Attila, the "Scourge of God" — broad- Bhouldered, thickset, sinewy, short ; with Theodorio II., King of tbe Goths, of whom Cassiodorns writes : " Ho is rather short than tall, somowhat stout, with shapely limbs alike lithe and strong." Aetius, too, commander-in-chief of the Roman troops, ami prop of the tottering Roman Empire in the days of Yalentinian, was a man of low stature ; therein resembling Timour the Tartar, self-described as a " puny, lame, decrepit little wight, though Lord of Asia and Terror of the World ;" also the great Condc, and his pigmy con temporary Marshal Luxembourg, nicknamed " tho Littlo " by those who admired him for making Louis the Fourteenth Louis the Great: who, by -tho -bye, less his high-heeled shooB and towering wig dwindles to about 5ft. 6in. But even thus pared down to the inches Nature gave him, he was a giant compared with Sir Francis Drake and with Admiral Koppel — "littlo Keppel " as every sailor in the fleet fondly dubbed him from pure love and admiration. Whereby a tale, if but to break the jog trot of this catalogue. When, then, Keppel — a commodore at 24 — was sent to demand an apology from tho Dey of Algiers for an insult to the British flag he took so high a tone that tho Dey exclaimed against tho insolence of the British king for charging a " beardless boy" with such a message to him. Replied tho beardless boy, "YVoretny master wont to take length of beard for a tost of wisdom, ho'd have sent your Deyship a he-goat.'' Oliver Cromwell, Clavcrhouse and Me- hemet Ali must be coutent to take it out in brains, for they all lacked inches. Two of these great names naturally suggest that of another famous soldier and usurper, Napo leon Buonaparte. Le petit Cuporal, as his men lovingly called him, stood about 5ft. (French) in his BtookingB, say 5ft. Ijjin. English. Iu staturo the Iron Duke beat him by about 6in., while the 5it. 4iu. of Nelson place him midway, or thereabouts, between the victor and victim of Waterloo. Sir Christopher Wren resembled tbe smallest of British birds not in namo only. Staying with Charles II. at that monarch's Newmarket hunting-lodge, Sir Christopher heard him complain that tbe rooms lacked height. "Pardon mo, Sire," ho broko in, "tome they seem high enough." "Ay, and to me, too, now," replied tho Merry Monarch, crouchiug till his buttocks nearly touched the floor, for this king, who "never said a foolish thing and never did a wise one," would have made two Sir Christopher Wrens. Byron etood 5ft. Sin. in his stockings — a liberal allowance of inches for a poet. But his friend Tom Moore redrossos thin disturbance of the averago, Moore never reached 5ft., save in his versos, tho first of which, by- the-byo, bo published under tho pen-name, "Thomas Little." And when at length he doffed tho mask, some impudent wag hailed tho change with tho undoniablo assertion, " Mooro was Littlo, and littlo is Moore," Wo trust that Mr. Swinburne, tho nightingale of our nine teenth century "singing birdB," will for give us for branding him as every inch a poet, even to tho fowncss of his inches. — Gentleman's Magazine. 