OAR AND SAIL. East Sydney Rowing Club. Scullcra of England and America- Sydney Professionals. The British Yachting Season. Kaiser Wilhelm's Yacht Defeated. Tiie seventh annual meeting of tho East Sydney Rowing Club iB to bo hold to- night at Keary's Hotel, William-street. Tho report and balance-sheet showa that tho club has made capital progress during the pas: 12 months, Tiio club fleet was iu good order, und had been increased by a racing four. The work of tho momborB afloat was equally satisfactory, aud show the club to be ono of tho strongest in Sydney. In opon events tho club colors wore carried to vic tory on seven occasions. The victors were : — At Association Regatta, '91 : Junior eights, stroked by W. E. Jacobs; handicap out riggers, YV. Gouldiiig. Double Bay Re gatta : Senior doubla sculls, W. Gouldiiig and A. J. Hatton. Anniversary Regatta : I.iiidlcy sculls, W. Gouldiiig. Club Re gatta : Maiden doublo sculls, W. E. Jacobs, J. Symonds. Association Regatta, '92 : Maiden eights, stroked by J. E. M ul- hall. On six occasions the club crews finished second, trophies being awarded to the mombors competing. In club racing tho annual regatta hold on March 26 last was, of course, the mcmbors' ovent of tho year, and, apart from tho weathor, was a great success. Tho winners of the various events were as follow : — Maiden fours (four entries), J. J. Pigott (stroke), W. H. Peters, W. Diinond, J. Hill; handicap single sculls (13 entries), C. Kecnun, 17sec ; senior fours (three entries), W. Goultling (stroke), C. ICeenan, J. Andrcoli, G. Angwin ; junior pairs (four entries), J. E. aud A. G. Mulhafi ; maiden double bcuIIb (opon), E.S.K.C., W. E. Jacobs and J. Symonds. The other rowing clubs were Manly, Glebe and North Shore. In addition to the regatta the club races with winners were : — Handicap single sculls, W. E. Jacobs 1, J. A. Smith 2 ; maiden pairs, E. Abseil and J. Andrcoli ; junior pairB, J, A. Iteid and E. W. Senior ; trial fours, H. E. Williams (stroke), G. Ether- idgc, J. Symonds, C. A. Moesch ; handicap single sculls, W. Goulding 1, J. SymondB 2. The committee warmly congratulated tho members in the consistency with which they pursued their training for tho different races. Captain J. E. Myers, hon. secretary, A. Steele, and hon. trcusurer, J. M'lvor, so satisfactorily performed their work for tho year that they will bo elected to-night un opposed. A gallant rescue by a well-known English sculler was made the other day noar Hammersmith. A lad fell into the river, which wus running out like a mill-race and carrying him to certain death, when George Mackenzie Green, the '89 winner of the Doggett Coat and Badge, jumped in and had the hardest tussle of his fife to get the un conscious boy ashore. A woll-contested race wus recsntly rowed between Jno. Gibson, of Putney, and Ben Squires, of P.otherhithc, for £50, on full Thames championship course. Tho men had met twice '-previously, and had each scored a win. For tho third meet Gibson won the toss, and, as thcro was a Blight breeze from S.E., chose the Surroy station, und betting at Btart wus 6 to 4 in his favor. He was piloted by his brother Lew, and Gus Brower acted iu a like capacity for Squires. It wus fully 20 minutes past 4 when they broke away at the first attempt, Gibson gaining a trifling advantage, which ho had increased into half a eleur length at the Bishop's Creek (time, 4 in in. 39scc.); and despite some plucky efforts on tho part of his opponent Gibson led at Craven Steps by a length and three- quarters. Abreast of where tho Old Mile Tree stood Gibson was two lengths in front. Time, Sinin. 13sec. Continuing to improve his position he Bitot Hammersmith Bridge two lengths and a half ahead (time, ffinin. ISsec.), aud a like distance parted the bouts at Chiswick Church. Time, 14inin. 47see.- Going along Devonshire Meadows, Squires made desperate cffortH to overtako his rival, but Mo was equal to tlio occasion and shot Barnes Bridge iu 20miti. 27scc., about three longtlis to tho good. Squires spurted very gamely several times, but Gibson as often went away, and ultimately won a fiuely-contestcd race by four lengths. In tho American sculling world thcro is really .nothing of importance transpiring or likely to ensue for some timo to come. The Yankees will have a poor timo of it until thoy cau induce the Australian contingent to pay them a visit, and thus infuse new lifo and dollars into the hippodroiniug busi ness. Hanlan and O'Connor v. Tcemer and Hog- mcr, in doubla sculls, did not come off, so George F. Corbott, of Chicago, aud Hanlan arc now coquetting for a match. Corbett appears to he game. Ho says : " After my defeat of Donahue, Hanlan offered to give me 5scc. start in a mile, or lOscc. in three miles. A meeting at that timo was impossible, but now if Haulun has nothing else to do I would like to meet him on the Pullman course under these condi tions. I will tako 5scc. start iu one mile with a turn or losec. in three miles aud row for auy reasonable amount of money. As soon as he expresses his wilfingnosB to row me on tho terms originally proposed by bitn I will poBt a forfoit." A match nearly came, but did not quite come off botweon Alex. M'Lcan and Henrv Peterson, the 'Frisco oarsman. Tho condi tions wero to bo: — Three mile courso straightaway on the Frascr, for £500 a side, M'Lcan to get tho inside course and 50 yards start, M"Lcan, however, backed down, and Muirhead, his backer, declines to havo anything more to do with him. Matters have a brighter outlook in the Sydney sculling world on account of tho spirited offer of tho Parramatta River S.S. Co. to donato £250 in prize money for a handicap sculling race, to bo rowed on the Parramatta in September next. Between 20 and 30 entries are expoctcd. The yacht Thistle, which was built to bring back the Amarica Cup to England, but didn't, is not retrieving her lost laurels, even though she has been renamed the Meteor, and flics tho racing flag of Kaiser Wilhelm II. Sho was beaten in the Royal London Yacht Club's raoo over the Thames course by noted English yachts. Yachtsmen ovidently hatro no tender respect for Royalty, or the young KaiBcr would have scored a win. The ovent which opens the English yacht ing season brought out Meteor, 110 rating, German Emperor ; Ivorna, 118 rating, Mr. John Jameson ; and Maid Mariun, 58 rating, Mr. FcrguBon, in tho first class. Queen Mab, Mr. T. E. C. West ; Varuna, Captain 'Towers Clark ; Corsair, Admiral Montagu ; Thalia, Mr. Inglis ; Creole, Col. Bagot Villieru ; and V/hito Sluve, all 40 raters, in the second class. -Lord Brasscy, vico- commodoro of the club, had chargo of the race, and followed in tho steamer Oriole, whish had 600 celebrities on board, at tracted by the novelty of an Emperor com peting. The history of tho ruco is Boon told. Tho Iverna went away like a ghost in tho light air, and Meteor, finully beaten by 22min. ISsec., never saw tho way she went, and had to bo satisfied with second prize in her class. Iverna was chcorod as she rounded tbo club stcamor, 'and tho Scots' Guards Band played tho German Anthem ; bat the only reply as she got on a wind was " Hani in tho slack aft there," tho yacht boing manned by a Colchester skippor and orow. In the 4U's Queen Mab was first and Corsair second. In tho first-olass contest the Maid Marian is an out-built ex-racer, and therefore the struggle lay botween Kaiser VVilbslm's and tlio Dublin whisky merchant's' cntlers. Iverna is probably the fastest yacht in Great Britain. The steel yacht Meteor was built in 1837 from tho designs of Mr. George Watson for a Scottish syndicate at a cost of £16,000, to compoto for tho America Cnp under the national name of Thistle. She failed, and tho Scots aro stated to havo dropped £100,000 on tho vonturo. Last year sho was bought by the German Emporor. Both yachts carry about 2000ft. of canvas. Of the 40-ratcrs the Thalia was last yoar's crack ; Reverio is stated to bo tho beauty of tho English fleet, and a regular light- weather wiich ; Qticon Mab is described as a centre-boarder, an oddity and a liideosity. She iB all ends— long counter, the fore-foot being so cut away under thn bow that she looks like a rowing boat cocked out of water by a woight in the stern, Tho moral of tho threo days' racing over which tho Royal Thames Yacht Club's raccB extended is (says tho Pall Mall Budget) that flrst-ciuss racing in England is dead. For threo years no ono has built a racer of 40- raiing. Now that tho Thistle has goiic to tho Gorman flog, and Lord Duuravcn's Volkyrio sold to a Grand Duke for tho new Imperial Austrian Squadron, Mr. Jameson's Iverna is tho crack of only a select fow of the big yachts in the big class worthy of tlio name, and it is probable that no other big ydcht will be built. On tho Clydo Iverna and Mctoor aro to meet Ircx nnd Mnrjorie. (Irex was the cook of tho walk until tho advent of tho Ivorna.) Pretty sailing Bhould result; but this is a transient phase of tho present senson. For n few years ex-rncers grouped together in lihiidieaps not wholly regulated by rating considerations will give good sport. But it is obvious that tho 40-ruters which soil without allowances aro capable of giving an _ ownor all the fun that yacht- racing can possibly provide. Thoy are the ideal racing yachts— the perfect class. And now that tho rich five aboard their big steamers, and not their racing vessels, there is no inducement to exceed tho 40-rating cutter. Tha 300-tou racing schooner nnd 150-ton racing yawl are dead as the dodo. Twenty-raters are only for the moment abcyuiit. Ten, 6, 2J, 1 und J-rater." increas ingly swarm as local yachting enthusiasm for sailing increases in overy stretch of sheltorcd water. But tha fashionable small racer is a stay-at-home. Sho is not con structed for tho circumnavigation of these islands. A fleet of fivo steam yachts of tho largest tonnage yet known for such expensive pleasure craft aro under construction at the yards of Ramago and Ferguson, Loith. Ono of these is tha magnificent steel-armed yacht, Malm Cnakrkri, for tho King of Siam. Tho vessel exceeds 2000 tons measurement, and is thereforo the largest yacht in tho world. Her name is that of tho family of Siamese royalty. It is tho intention of her royal owner to make a tour round the world in her, and in the course of the cruiso Austra- asia is to occupy a prominent part. The attention of scullers is directed to a programme of the Cook's River Regatta, to ho hold on July 30, which appears in our advertising columns to-day. Tho affair is under the mauugeinent of the newly-formed eommitttee, who intend to leava nothing undone to make their first effort a success. Tho support extended to tho com mittee is more than thoy anticipated. Several influential persons havo not only given their patronage, but liberal donations also. The programme will include seven events exclusive of those announced. Tho All-comers' P.ucc ib £10 first prize, and tho nomination fee (us.) and acceptance (2s. Gd.) will bo cut np between tho second and third men. For the local ovent tho first prize is £5, entrance (Gs.) to bo cut tip also bn- tweeti second and third. This race is con fined to bona lido residents of six months within the five municipalities as advertised. The race is to ho a handicap by weight in fight skiffs, to ho had at the local boatshed. Tho distance is about a mile and n half over a course second to nono at high water. Entries, with performances for the past two years (matches included), must bo in the hands of tho secretary before 8 p.m. to night, or by letter to-morrow morning. Meusrs. Lassetlor nnd Co.'a trophy, a silver cup, is confined also to bona fido residents of three months within tho announced municipalities, but is a handicap by time, the race to bo pulled in clinkers. The raco for Mr. Press' trophy is open only to resi dents of threo mouths within a radius of two miles from Mr. Press' boatshed, Tompe, to ho pulled in watermen's skiffs, all from scratch. All races to be pulled over tho same course, viz., from tho bridge at Riekcty-streot, Shea's Creok to the flood gate, Cook's River-road, and vies versa. For conditions sec advertisement. 