TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. By " Xii.vyUAJr Dorjiio." It's t.lio Fun of the Worl.I 1 o he alive ! Now, ain't it::- Oil! Never mind the grammar! Ueallv nou. ain't if the fun of the world to lie alive!' Jon 1 , of course, von were at Caulfield last Sattiida.v. or else'wliat are yon rending my stuif for. instead of ^ii'iiijr the covo next door a turn ? Well, if yon were thorn, yon saw the tiling for yourself: and if you weren't there—well, you mi^hr. have snili'ed it. even alongside the Fieininiflon Alialtoirs. Stmnff! mustard wasn't a ''irenmstanoe aiouneidn ii. Boy! The Irish harp! Thanks! " By the hokev !" says Paddy ; " It's BO slhron^," says tin; daddy. "Tliat we'll iiavn the race christened—l'aree- Bnngehah." Ht'T though it stuck out like a ship's hows|n-i1 tliere was never a sound! Not a word! Everybody concerned seemed to he perfectly satisfied that although " Bungev " (with 1 he sol't., if you please) got so well away the Face was too Warm for him. and so it was quit-e natural that he should keep dropping hack and back and hack, until eventually lie finished ninth. And (hilt's where the Fun came in—for 1 he hackers, who had supported him down to o to i- on. What's that you say ? You " fail to see where the Fun comes in ?" Oh, hut 1 know it does conic ili there. 'Cos why ? 'Cos just before the race 1 said to a. brother Press scribe who hails from liandwick-way, in just so iu«jiy words : " It should he finding money to accept evens a,houfr Bungey (with the 'g' hard this time) for this event—should it not!-" To which the reply came hack, accompanied by a dreamy, far-away kind of look in his eyes : " Well, I don't know. Horses do some Yerv Funny Things at times." So that, you see. there was Fun in if, after jill. New South Wales (not to say Botany Bay) Fun. SosiK individuals who look upon these things with rather a jaundiced eye (jauudiced, from a purely commercial and racing point of view) are of opinion that it is high time the Government interfered to prevent public reserves from heing utilised for the perpetration of such Ftinnyisms; hut that's all judge. Look at the immense sums the Government make the bookmakers disgorge just about the Autumn and Spring Meetings every year through bringing souie half-dozen or so of them up before the beaks .' And, outside the Monetary part of the business, only fancy what a High Mora] Object Lesson is inculcated by such a line of action ! Not to say anything about the Vindication of the Majesty of the Law, as demonstrated by our learned Judges arriving at the conclusion that it isn't criminal for a. detective to wager in it shop, although it iiagainstthe law for the proprietor of .the sliop to wager also. This, likewise, being another species of Funnyism. However, this won't buy the child a new dress, and so I had better get to work with regaid to Saturday aflonioon's performances ou the glorious heath. Tim morning was fine enough, hut it got rather chilly towards mid-day, and about II o'clock it commenced to drizzle—just hy wav of proving to demonstration that it was going to be an orthodox " Guineas" Day. What rain (here was didn't, do much harm though, and as he must bea very unsophisticated person indeed who ventures down to Oaulfield at this particular period of the year without an umbrella, why, it was only in the eternal httiess of things that Aquarius should upset a few of the drops out of his buckets. Prior tn this, however, the scene was a very brilliant (though quietly brilliant) one. the attendance being really excellent—albeit, 1 fancy Secretary Hnrrie Smith would rather have sden'a few more people in the stand enclosure than such a large concourse on the fiat. Correspondingly Caterer Skinner was not patronised to the same extent as during the boom time ; but all the same for that you can take, it oil the authority of self and Sam English that the comestibles provided were iu every respect quite up to the fatued "Golden Gate" standard. Thiutekn saddled up for the opening event, the Caulfield Stakes, of a mile and a furlong; and as Mr. J. Northern's chestnut gelding Bungebah had performed so excellently ill the Spring Stakes (of a mile and a-lialf) and Craven Plate (mile and a-quarter) at Handwick, and, moreover, had displayed exceptional brilliancy since his arrival at Flemington by skipping over half-a-niile in oOsec. without any apparent effort, it was no wondar that lie quickly hardened to n to 4 on. even although there were twelve others oppiisp.il to him. Paris wasforsonie time second favourite at f and 5 to i : but on Pygmalion receiving fairish support Jimmy Monaghan's nomination receded a point, starting ou the same mark as All-. W. 11. Wilson's horse— (i to J. Some astute people who didn't like " the sign " pinned their faith tu Tom Payton's chestnut colt, Cauioola. although he had to'put up a 1411). penalty; and on a number of 10's to 1 heing accepted about the Sydney Derby winner he advanced to 7 to 1. The latter folk were quite light in their action, for although Bungebah got away first, whilst Cauioola was one of the last to be set going, the latter found no foeman wore worthy of his steel than Spokesman, who finished within a length of him. and lialf-a-!ength in front of G'Naroo, the liollowness of the farce that hud been enacted being emphasised by the fact that Glenloth, Pygmalion and Althotas all finished in advance of Paris, who ill turn was divided from Bungebah by Malvolio; time, liniu. 57?sec. Thep.e were fifteen starters in the two mile Hurdle liace, and as the Noble Sports'connected with Wairua and Woonoke respectively had given the "oflice" to their particular pals that at length and at long run they intended having "a cut," they quickly advanced to the positions of first and second favourite. Wairua was generally accredited with being the best "preserved" of the twain, it being inferred on all hauds that the "pickle" had proved itself specially strong on several occasions of late. Whether this be so or not I am mainly ignorant; but certain is it that the would-be-clever division who fancied Wairua was next door to a " dead cop " if he was a " jigger " (the valgus for " goer ") supported liini down to 3 to 1, whilst Woonoke figured at o to ]. Islander, Patcena aud Mitado 11\. found favour at 8 to 1 : and at 10 to 1 a Wagga, celebrity named Merrigal (by Robert the Devil from Coquette) was well hacked by a small coterie, who loudly vaunt ed, after doing so, that the money was as good as in their pockets. So it was, for Merrigal smothered such of those as were " on the job " (none too many I can assure you) for pace, and although Barbour tried to steal a inarch with Mr. ,T. H. Davis' bay mare Josephine, the " leetle todge " proved abortive, as Merrigal's jockey, R. W. Mays, simply fooled her backers into the belief that she would win, and then, hy letting a reef out, he achieved a half-length victory in Hinin. 01 Jsec.; Pacific being a length away third, Escort fourth, and the "not wanted on the voyage" brigade making the best weather they could of it under the circumstances. Th ere was terrible excitement amongst the more subtle of the punters prior to the weighing out for the Debutant Stakes to try and discover which was the correct pea between Zepli and the twoyear-old belonging to the Hon. W. A. Long, as it was an open secret that Tom Brown had taken Salutation and Panoply down to Geelong to try conclusions with the sister to Ringmaster. And at last the cat was let out of the bag, but not so felinely—I meant to say feelingly—as it might have been, seeing that when the hoi polloi became possessed of tiie fact that " they were going for Zepli," Christopher Moore's mount was at 2 to 1 for a half-mile dash with a field of 14- opposers. Perhaps it would be hardly right to say that there were 14 " opposers," as it was shrewdly conjectured that the. marked retrogression wliiuh took place with regard to the price of one particular filly (who lengthened a couple of points in as many minutes) might, possibly be a " matter of arrangement "—which, perhaps, it was. However, with Meg out of the road (for unfortunately she had never been entered therefor) Zeph experienced but little difficulty in jumping off with the lead and keeping there nearly all the way ; hei victory heing such an assured thing t hat her jockey took matters comfortably half a furlong from home, with the result that James Hayes brought Light Artillery up underthe rails with a splendid effort, and before Moore became fully aware of his danger, the winning post was passed and Zepli was a good second—by a short head. Time, oOlsec. Walter Hickenbotham'r success with the son of Trenton and Bengal Light was particularly well received, both colt and rider being honoured with a splendid ovation on returning to scale, albeit only a very few of the spectators had participated in tbe 10's to 1 that were on offer against Mr. J. Turnbull's nomination. But the very fact that it was Mr. J. Turnbull's nomination added to the enthusiasm over the victory, as the Queensland sportsman is such a thoroughly straightgoer, and moreover such a lteen judge and plucky buyer, that it was looked upon as something akin to a special dispensation for such a magnificent specimen of Nature's nobility to become possessed of a high-class two-year-old. Would that there were more of his stamp about! The Totalisator might be relegated to Jericho then. AFTEU the Debutant States Game the Caulfield Guineas, the whole six coloured on the card starting for the iliile tryst. As a matter of course Autonomy was favourite, the odds being 5 to 4 against him; The Captain coming second at 7 to 2, followed by Aziin at 5's, and Meli at G's. Meli bounded off with the lead and held it to the half-milo post, where Autonomy ran up top and led into the straight apparently a comfortable wiuuer, none of the others seeming to have the ghost of a show, until inside the distance, when A zim, who had been hopelessly out of the hunt to all appearances, came through like a shot out of a gun, and, going three strides to the favourite's two, would undoubtedly have beaten Jiim had there been another half "furlong to traverse. As it was, Autonomy, who looked to be slowing down to a funeral pace, managed to scramble home two lengths to the good, whilst Meli was a length and a-lialf astern of Azim,and only a head in advance of The Captain, who was followed by Culloden, with Elswick last; time, 1 mill. 45isec. I mdst candidly admit that I didn't "cotton " to Autonomy's performance in the " Guineas," aud unless he improves a heap during the interim ho won't have tiie proverbial "dog's show" in the V.RC. Derby next Satuiday fortnight. ON Saturday's running Azim would be sure to beat him over a mile aud a-half, and as The Captain is susceptible of more improvement yet, I wouldn't be at all surprised to see Situiue.l Garth's colt finish iu front of liini: It's a certainty that Autonomy iu the Spring is a very long remove from tbe Autonomy of the Autumn. And I doubt if even tlie expert skill of Toin Payten can cause tin' two "forms" to approximate much more closely during the next two weeks. The Stceplechasedoesn'tcall for much comment, for the simple reason that as Pilot negotiated the bis,' fences like a tradesman, and as Iris, Cohuna, Egyptian, lliverton and St. Clair fell, "Paddy" Holder had the others dead settled when it became a matter of pace, and eventually scored a length and a-half victory over Freeman, who came with a wet sail at the finish, and left his nearest com- •})(>(}wm dc voyage (Password) six len time, for the two miles, 4min. loisec. Camperdown started favourite at 7 to 2; Pilot receiving attention at 10 to 1. Eighteen saddled up for the Toorak Handicap, of one mile, and as the " l'ortunatns Push " had displayed an unwonted alacrity in piling the coalson | Goak ! Coals-on, arga) Coulson—-don't you twigr Ha! Ha! Ila!] the file on the Friday night by rusliingin and snavelling ,£]0ii0 to J: 100 about the four-yenr-old progeny of Fryingpan and Fraulein, " the sign " certainly looked favourable in so far as he was concerned. 1 notice that the Conscience-Server quotes his starting-price a.s 5 to 1 ; but that is ail tommyrot: a.s towards the close ul' the pencilling operations the vast, majority of the " books '' smelt a rat, all inquiries to the effect—"What price Fortunutus being met with the response: " No money." Jn fact, it was looked upon as theFortunatus Stakes,and such it proved to be. There were seventeen others in the field certainly, but. with the exception of Trieste (who was legitimately backed down to C> to )) t he rest were only nibbled at in a perfunctory sort, uf manner, anil " 10 to 1 bar two " was loudly proclaimed as the starter took the horses in hand. Fortune favoured Fortunatus, as he and The Harbour Light skipped first oil the mark, and always holding ail excel lent position, James Hayes bade the others " Ta-ta" at the home turn and romped home, with fully a stone in reserve, two lengths ahead of Linburn, Hartington being third a length and a-half away, with the ever- consistent Graduate close up fourth. Time, lmin. 41sec. " I no not know how true it be; I but tell the tale as 'twas told to me." .laines Hayes, who piloted Light Avtillery and Fortunatus to victory, won £500 over the former and £2000 on the latter. Which isn't much when you say it quiek —is it't A fellow does feel all the better for a real good " Tightener" on such a day as Saturday, aud as 1 was strolling away from the luncheonroom, at peace with all mankind, 1 bobbed up against. H. \Y. N. Sir Isaac de Foulsham. " And how is His Excellency!'" inquired the wily one. " Never heller, Fonlsbam." was my rejoinder, " That's right," came the response ; and tlieu we began to chat about possible eventualities. " That wasn't a bud performance on the part of G'Naroo, finishing third to siudi time," 1 remarked, alluding to the J.573 of the Caulfield Stakes. " Not at all bad," lie replied. " Let lueses, I had very pleasant experiences anent. one of your geegees twelve months ago come Saturday; is history going to repeat itself with regard to the Caulfield Cup this year 'i" I queried. It's quite likely to do so," was the auswer. " Hut do you think it's possible for one trainer to win the Caulfield Cup two years in succession ?" I continued, trying to see if I couldn't get at Ike's strength by a bit of circular sailing. •' Well, it does look a bit ot a Mezique," he returned answer, a broad smile which overspread his " countinghouse" as ho uttered the remark proving conclusively that he " tumbled " to my little game. " A Meziqiie!" I ejaculated; " what in the name of Fortune is a Mezique ?"' " Did you never hear of a Mezique ?" said he, looking at ine in a pitying sort of style the while, as if my education had been sadly neglected. " I certainly never did," was my reply. " Well then," he said, " there were twojfellows playing poker one day.and after they had been backing up their hands pretty stiff, one of them said—' I hold four aces !' ' That's a very good bund,' said the other: 'but I've got five kings!' ' Five kings? 1 replied his opponent; ' why, what an extraordinary hand ? i never heard of a man holding five kings before. 1 ' It is an extraordinary hand,' remarked his adversary, as he raked in the shekels; "it's only heid about once every hundred years or so. They call it a Mezique!'" Aud with a loud guffaw which threatened to 6hake the few remaining drops out of the whiskey bottles on that shelf in the Pressroom we " touched flesh " and parted, Our Victorian Press Doctors differ slightly as to the real cause of Bungebah's disappointing performance in the Caulfield Stakes on Saturday.' I append tho opinions of two •' experts," without any more comment, than that one ouiilii to get more Truth for "tuppence" than for a solitary brown :— " Aluius." "Abe." " The performance of " Hia performance was, Bungebab was disappointing in the extreme; but be pointing, for, handicajined however, terribly disap- hardly bad a fair cbaace in addition to his .51b. of displaying bis prowess, penalty by being steered seeing that be was blocked most erratically, be only in tbe centre of tbe field fiuiebed ninth after running into a flattering next tbe rails most of tbe way, and bis rider waB position balf-way op the widely blamed for not Htraight." Hiving bis moaot a better cbance of distinguishing himself by coming on the outside of biB horees." My friend the " Furlong Post," who landed his bit over Canioola, denies indignantly that Bungebah's performance was disappointing; and states that individually he was much impressed with the jockey's horsemanship. It can be proved to demonstration (ho says) by mathematics that a horse uext to the rails covers far less ground than one even six feet out therefrom; and therefore Gainsford did quite right to get alongside the rails as soon as ever lie could—even although he had to get behind six or seven other horses to do so. Another contention adduced by my Press confrere the Antithesis is that those individuals whose bump of kokumosity was highly developed enough to cause them to back Caraoola from 10 to 1 down to 7 to 1 are all agreed that Bungebah's performance was a most tolerable one. Bv-the-way, 1 have it on excellent authority that the " Furlong Post" ran a simple fiver into Three Hundred Quid on Saturday. Great Scott! Three Hundred Pounds ! Is there so much money in the World ? 1 MAKE no excuses for clipping from the San Francisco Chronirh'- of the IKtli August the following soul- stirring account- of the wonderful mile trot of Nancy Hanks, who has beaten Sunol (2.S|1 and Maud S's (2.K-j) time for a mile, and lowered the world's trotting record to 2min. 7Jsec.:—" Maud S. is no longer Queen of the gths Trotting behind Turf. ; The proud position which she held so long has been wrested from her. and Nancy Hanks reigns supreme. This afternoon (17th August) at Washington Park, in the presence of J0.000 spectators, Budd Doble drove this beautiful mare to beat her record, 2min. Usee. She not only beat her own record, but the 2min. KJsec. of Maud S., and lowered the world's to]) notch of 2iuin. NJsee.. held until to-day by Sunol, to 2mill. 7Jsec. The day was ideal for trotting. The track was a trifle dusty, but as fast as it well could lie. The inare was in excellent condition, and before she made the trial the general opinion was that if Nancy Hanks was ever to equal her record, 2min. Usee., this was the occasion. About 3 o'clock Nancv Hanks first came on the track. She passed the grand stand while the other horses-were scoring, and received but little recognition. An hour later she went over a portion of the track at a 2min. 20see. clip. She was warmly greeted, and after jogging a mile went to the stable aud was rubbed down preparatory to the trial beat, which was scheduled for 5 o'clock. Punctually to the minute the gate at the east end of the track opened, and Dobie drove her out. She was without, boots or trappings of any sort, aud was hitched to one of the new sulkies with ball bearing and pneumatic tyres. Doble walked her slowly to the head of the lower turn, and then came back to the wire at a gentle pace. After waiting until tin; drag left the track, Doble drove back to the sixteenth pole and then Ciiiue down at a smashing gait. Frank Si arr, behind the pacemaker Abe Lincoln, was waiting for him. Starter Walker watched Doble's face intently to see if he wanted the word. As the mare passed beneath the wire Doble shook his head aud Abe pulled up to await the second trial. Nancy was taken buck to the distance flag this time and then came on at a gentle trot, increasing as she approached the wire. There was a nod from Doble, and ' Go !' flashed from Walker's lips as the mare shot like an arrow toward the turn. For tbe first sixteenth of a mile Abe lost ground steadily, then Starr urged him on, and at the quarter he was on Nancy's wheel. There was not a sound in the densely- packed grand stand as the mare flew past the quarter pole at ill—a 2inin. Usee. gait. As Nancy started along the back stretch, trotting as true as a die, her head well up, and her feet striking the ground with the regularity of a pendulum, the crowd began to murmur, ' She'll never do it; never in the world,'' but old-timers outlined Doble's grey' jacket against t lie picket fence beyond him, and as lie passed so rapidly tbe pickets seemed to be going backward. They knew the record was going. As the mare, still keeping up a beautiful gait, went by the half-mile post in lmin. 3 2-3see., a man in the grand stand called out— " lmiu.4sec. at the half,' and a mighty yell went up from the crowd. ' Keep quiet, as she fiuishes,' shouted Starter Walker; but the warning was not needed, as the crowd subsided of its own accord. Its own breathless interest in the event kept it quiet. Not a sound was heard as the mare passed the three-quarter pole aud turned into tlie home stretch. Abe Lincoln, under the whip, moved up to Nancy's throat latch. Doble spoke gently to her, and her feet flew faster than the eye could distinguish them. ' She'll do it, she'll do it-,' yelled an irrepressible spectator, and there was a faint yell as the fastest quartet, of clattering hoofs ever heard on a trotting track swept under the wire. A moment's pause, a hasty consulting of watches, and then an umbrella went sailing into the air. accompanied by a loud-lunged howl, and Bedlam broke loose. Hats, canes, and coats were tossed wildly into the air. Men slapped each other on tho back, while others shook hands in sheer delight. Incidentally they kept on yelling. The loud cheers that wont up told Doble even before he slowed up that tile record had been broken, and as lie returned to the judges'stand his face was wreathed in smiles. As lie dismounted he was surrounded by uieu who wrung his hand. When he had a chance he lifted his liat in acknowledgment. of the cheers. Then' were loud cries for ' Doble, Doble,' aud the veteran roinsman, climbing into the grand stand, again removed his cap in acknowledgment of the wild applause thai greeted liiiu. 'Three cheers for Nancy Hanks,' shouted Starter Walker, and they came from 10,0110 throats with unrestrained enthusiasm. ' Now, three cheers for the man who drove her.' and again the air shivered, and everything available went skyward. It was fully 10 minutes before tlie tumult subsided. The official time was as follows — 31Jsec., lmin. ttjjsec., lmin. 3(jjsec„ 2min. 7Jsec., which was as honest a mile as ever was trotted The last quarter was tiotted iu HOiJsec. The exhibition was for a certain sum, to be paid by the North - western Breeders' Association, under whose directiou the meeting was held. An additional sum, ihu amount of which Doble declines to disclose, was to he paid if the record was beaten." Fnosi the Old Country comes information that a bill has been drafted, and is promised the support of Sir Wilfred Lawson, M.l\, Mr. Waddy, Q.C.. M.P.. and other members of Parliament, which will make it penal for newspapers to publish tips, betting odds, or other information or advice as to betting or wagering upon any contingency whatever. By Golly ! It is devoutly to be wished (by tipsters, confidence men, aud so forth) that such a law will never be passed in Australia. Why, even with the poor devils of Press scribes the. refrai would be—"A fellow's occupation's goue!" An English exchange gives the following graphic account of a match related by the owner of tne winner:—"We'd give 'em two buckets o' water, so as to make 'em amenable like, and I had a couple o' hundred on t'other cove as was arranged to win ; and then perish nn» stark, stiff, aud silly, il' t'other cove didn't pull his 'oss's blooming 'ead off, and mine won, and I've beeu starvin' ever since!" 