SYDNEY HUNT CLUB. Tho hounds met at Parramatta Railway station on Saturday last for exercise Tho weather looked very forbidding, but held up long enough for everyone to get back before a drenching shower set in about 3 o 'clock. There were about thirty followers out and among those present were Mr W. Cope. [the master) on Waverley, Messrs A A Westley tm Donkin, Carnth on Mayor, A F Thorne on Here's Luck, J H Galbraith on Bantam, G A Tetry on Rocket, R W Lenahan on Sunday, M. Ford on Wrangler, T Mullins on Tudor, H. Francis on simple, M cKeleveyy on Vesta, Eric Terry on Zoe, W Hayes on Cremorne, W Lamb on Dorothy, A Dunn on My Lord, C J Lamb on Jimmv, A Smith on Kinamau, Junani on Satan, H Curtis on Hellas, A Fullager on Melon, W Fullagah on Beauty, W Crew on Mason, Mont- gomery on Joslyn, Masters Williamson, Luckey, and Harrison on Tommy Ryan ,Impulse, and Carratisu, Luckey (huntsman) on Woodbine, and the whips Fitzgerald and Gordon, on Snake and The Ghost respectivelv. A drag was laid bv Masters Williamson and Luckey from Fullager 's treble in the direction of Smithfield, to where a wallaby had been turned down. When the hounds threw off an un satisfactory start was made, as some of the young hounds, breaking from control, went after a hare which crossed their track, and ran it up to the Prospect Canal, where they lost it in some scrub. A check was then made and the hounds picked up the drag once more and eventually ran into the wallaby, which did not run far. After another short check, a return drag was laid by Masters Williamson and Luckey across country. The hounds quickly picked up the trail aud running exceedingly well, were not long in reaching the finish at Fullager's treble. The sun coming out strongly after tho previous day's rain had mad tho ground very slippery, and several harmless purls were indulged in by some of the straight goers but the mishaps did not seem to shake ther ardour. The hounds meet again at Parramatta Railway station on Saturday next, 3rd Soptombor, at 2 30 p m. 