(Written expressly for The Illustrated Sydney New. All Bights Reserved.) THE MYSTERIES OF HINTON MANOR. Perhaps of-all the narratives concerning the haunting appearances and mysterious occurrences in various mansions, this one about Hinton Ampner Manor is the most extraordinary and inexplicable. Whether the sights and sounds are now ever heard we cannot say. Time works many changes, and houses decay or are rebuilt, but that the incidents to be recounted did take place we have abundant evidence in nar- rative, in biography, in periodical litera- ture, in the shape of statements and affidavits, in personal experience and in hearsay. Nor are the names of those who have abundantly testified to the truth of these manifestations obscure or unworthy of credit. Some of the most celebrated and valiant personages of the time came for- ward to corroborate the statements of relatives and friends. Many have testified on oath to the facts. We need only relate them, abridging, or, it may be, amplifying, the narratives so as to dovetail the inci- dents, or, it may be, render 1 them more effective, but the actual occurrences are entirely beyond question. We will thus endeavor to put them in narrative sequence as may be most convenient. ** Old Mother Parfait is dyin', they say," remarked one of the maids to the house- keeper at Hinton Ampner, one afternoon. " She wants to see the mistress." " Who says so ?" asked the invalid's suc- cessor. " She can't die easy, I'll be bound. I'll tell Mrs. Ricketts-but Mother Parfait isn't easy." " Why P" inquired the maid. " Has she aught on her mind ?" «« Ah ! she well may have, if all is true. Who^s there? Listen 1" «'There's no one," replied the maid, as she returned from an inspection of the passage. " Did you hear something, ma'am?" "I did so!. Someone walking about. Those men have impudence enough to come down here, I daresay, but I'll teach 'em manners. Go up-stairs, Molly,now ; lean , do without you. Mother Parfait's dyin', is she. Well, well! Tell Mrs, Ricketts." The maiden thus dismissed was a new comer to Hinton Manor House, as were all the occupants of the mansion. Mr. and Mrs. Ricketts and family had taken the house and estate, situated near Alresford, from the widow of the late notorious but noble owner, Lord Stawell, who had died of apoplexy suddenly in the small parlor of the house. Thomas Parfait, his old coach man, died soon af ter, and all the servants, including the coachman's relict, quitted the premises before the Ricketts family occupied it. Mr. Ricketts was a planter of Canaan, Jamaica, and he married in 1757, a young lady, the youngest child of S wy nf en Jer- vis. The issue cf this worthy couple became celebrated. The eldest, having assumed the surname of Jervis as heir to his uncle, commanded and was drowned in the . Tonnant man-o'-war ; his brother Edward became Lord St. Vincent, and his sister wedded the Earl of Northesk. We mention these details in order to show the position of the parties who tes- tify to the truth of the occurrence to be related., So the. Ricketts took possession ; the old servants moved out, the family and their o wn ; domestics moved in. But they had not been long settled, when curious noises were heard-doors seem to shut of them- selves, and footsteps -and rustlings were distinciy heard, and frequently sought for, by Mr. Ricketts. The servants were watched, but no irre- gularity was noticed. Then Mrs. Parfait fell ill, and it was noticed that she had " a something " on her mind. Rumors were afloat that she knew^ more than most of the notorious " goings on " of the late noble owner, Stawell ; and a grim tale, in which a young lady was also deeply implicated, was current. It gave quite a tinge of romantic dread to the household, and Mother Parfait was supposed to know the " ins and outs of it-" A day passed. Mother Parfait died in anxiety, and was. buried a few days later. It was on February 27 that the interment took place j and even Ann Hall, the Ricketts' attendant and housekeeper, heard some unexplained noises that afternoon. But on the following morning, when Ann Hall came into her mistress's room, she appeared so ill that Mrs. Ricketts re- marked on her appearance. "Whatvis the matter, Ann? Are you mr " Yes, ma'am ; at least, not at all well. I've had a bad night. Such groans and flutterings all the night Tve heard.'' " Why did not you get up and light a candle ? They would have ceased. It was imagination." . ** Begging your pardon, ma'am; it was no such a thing. I got up and searched by the light of the moon, as bright as you please j and there was nothing there." «* I daresay you fancied it," replied Mrs. Ricketts, who could not help thinking that this new disturbance had come on the night of Mrs. Parfait's funeral,, and that the new housekeeper was occupying the same room as her predecessor, Parfait, had had. But Mrs. Ricketts, having no sym- pathy with the supernatural, did not dwell upon this circumstance* " There was no fancy about it, ma'am," was the reply ; " the house is haunted I" " Nonsense, Ann. Don't put such ideas into the servants' heads. The wind mur- murs through the corridors. I have heard it myself. Never mind it." Ann Hall shook her head ; the manifes- tations had been of too plain and unmis- takable a character to be laughed at. Mr. Ricketts, hearing them, went round the house, and had new locks made and put upon all the doors, so that no evil-disposed person Should enter the passages. But the noises were often heard, and the London servants, on various pretexts, left one after the other, and were replaced by new hands by degrees. At the end of the year Mr. Ricketts was summoned to Jamaica, and his wife, a very strong-minded and courageous woman, de- termined to remain in the house with her children and the eight servants. Af ter a while the disturbances increased, and the new servants began to feel alarmed. Mrs. Ricketts records that she herself heard rustlings and noises, and footsteps in the empty passages and vacant rooms ; but hitherto no ghostly visitant had been seen, and no one save Ann had been seriously disturbed in any way._ Nothing very serious then occurred until about six months after the master of the house had quitted England for Jamaica. One summer evening the nursemaid, Eliza- beth Bretsford, was sitting working and watching near the bed of her little charge, who was asleep. She had the door open which led through the dressing-room into the apartment called the " yellow cham- ber," generally occupied by Mrs. Ricketts. She had laid her work down on her lap. The light was slowly fading, but at that time of year it was hardly dark all night. No noise aroused her, but she moved sud- denly, and became aware of the entrance of a peculiarly-dressed individual into the dressing-room. This person passed on into the passage, and Elizabeth noticed his ap- pearance. He was attired in a drab suit, and walked quickly away without speak- ing. The nurse, knowing that there were guests in the house, was in no way alarmed. The daylight was in .the sky, and there were many people about So she resumed her work and silent watch until the housemaid come upstairs carrying the nurse's supper, for Elizabeth could not leave the ohildren. The nurse helped the girl to set out the tray ; and while they were thus occupied, she said " Tell me, Molly, who is that gentleman staying here dressed in drab P" ** Gentleman dressed in drab?" echoed the housemaid. "I dont know as anyone is." " Yes, there is-a middle-sized gentle- man. You can't mistake him-drab all over. He came up here just now, walked out into the passage by that door." " There's no such gentleman in the house, I'll declare," replied Molly, firmly. .« You must 'a been asleep. 'Lisbeth.'.'. " Asleep yourself t Why, I was workin' here and mindin'baby. Asleep, indeed. I tell voil I saw the drab gentleman." " Well, I can't understand it. To my very certain knowledge there's no euch person in the house. I'd better tell Mrs. Ricketts." ** I'll tell her," replied the nurse. "She will be up here presently ; but I can't understand it anyhow." No more was said at that time ; neither of the girls seemed to think that the form was in any sense supernatural. They searched all the adjacent rooms, and then regarded it as a mere accident, as a mistake on the part of an inmate ; and never con- nected the appearance of " the gentleman in drab clothes " with the mysterioun sounds which had been heard so fre- quently. When Mrs. Ricketts came upstairs to pay her usual visit to the, nursery, Eliza . beth Brelsford told her what she had seen, and. described the appearance of the in- truder. " Me and Molly searched all the rooms, ma'am, but we couldn't see anyone at all," concluded the nursemaid. " This is curious," replied her mistress. " the gentleman you describe is like what Lord Stawell used to be. Surely no burglar can have obtained admittance. We will have the men up." The men-servants were summoned, and a search was instituted immediately. No traoe of the intruder could be discovered, and/ the household, full of wonderment, retired to rest. It does not appear that any disturbance occurred during the night, and the even tenor of life at Hinton Ampner went on almost undisturbed until the autumn, when the gardener's. son sought his mistress one morning with a curious tale. " If you please, ma'am-" " Well, George, what is the matter?" "If you please, 'm, last night, when I was going up to our rooms, as I was cross- ing the passage, I saw a man in drab clothes going up before me and I couldn't tell who he was." " Perhaps it was the new butler ; he has not,got his. livery yet," suggested Mrs.' Ricketts, who was becoming rather uneasy about these visitations. " Well, ma'am, I thought so myself at first ; but when I got upstairs to our rooms I found the new butler in bed, as well as the other men, ma'am." " You were very late, then, Turner j well, never mind. There was nobody there ; you were not quite in your proper senses, perhaps, and fancied you saw something ia the passage." " No, ma'am. I declare---" "Never mind, George; that will do." ..... Mrs. Ricketts did not know what to say. Here a second time the apparition of Lord Stawell had appeared to a member of the household, and the taleB which had been told of him were in the minds of some people quite sufficient to account for his uneasiness and inability to rest in his grave. During the winter the servants became unsettled, and a curious incident which occurred about that time led to a radical change in the household. Af ter dinner one night there assembled in the ample kitchen of the mansion Ann Hall, Mrs. Ricketts'* personal attendant. Sarah, a maid, and Dame Lacy ; the cook herself was employed in the scullery. Tns conversation was, proceeding, but it does . not appear' that the apparitions were the eubject of talk. . , . : As. the servants . were thus enjoying themselves . a curious . rustling sound . became audible in the, passage. V Mis- tress is coming 1 Whatever does she want? Hush." . , The maids were, silent, but no mistress, appeared. Greatly; lo the surprise of.alL. present, a tall woman,; dressed in dark clothing, suddenly appeared and hur- riedly, made her way across, through, the scullery, to the outer door of the back premises, which was open. ;" Mercy on us I who's that ?" exclaimed one. . . .. "Cook, did you see anyone?" cried another. : «' Ay ; -I saw a tall woman dressed in dark: things ; but here's James, he must have met her.'* . " Met who ?" asked James, one of. the men employed on the premises, speaking as he came in. i . " Why, the woman who ran out just now. She müst almost have run against you 1" f " There was no woman as ran against me," replied James. " No one came out of the house to my knowledge-not a soul I" " Maybe: it was," whispered one of the maids. " It was a spirit, I doubt 1',' There was an awful silence in thekitchen after these words were spoken. The; man and the woman regarded each other with dismay. "Wecan't remain in such a place as this," was the general comment, and so, huddled round the fire, the domestics re- mained till their duties called them in various directions. The report was. made to Mrs. Ricketts, who made a complete and thorough search in the house to ascertain whether any trickery could have by any means been brought to bear. But all her seeking- was in vain. The noises were occasionally heard. No one could be seen ; and at length the servante departed, and others came. Ann Hall however, did not quit thepremises^entirely, She married the coachman. A waiting woman named Elizabeth Godin came ic her place, and three new. maids, Sarah Hannah, and Lucy,' occupied nursery anc household offices. These changes are mentioned in th< original letters describing these events with a view to substantiate the occurrences for new servants would not be likely t< combine to. produce such, disturbances a shortly succeeded the last appearance o the Ghost. It must be remembered thal although Mrs. Ricketts had heard noises and her servants had at times reported th apparitions, she herself h,ad never seen th Ghost, nor had. she been very greatly dis turbed or alarmed. ". But the time of trial had come for hei and ere long she and her family wen actually compelled to quit the house am take refuge under the care of the BiBbo] of Winchester. Mrs. Ricketts occupied the yellow roos near her children ; her maid, Godin, wa within call on one side, the nursamaid o: the other. . Mrs. Ricketts was in bed awak in the night on one occasion. She ha been arouied, and lay trying to sleep agaii when her ear caught the sound of footstep stealthily approaching her bedside. There was no light in the room. Sh lay in nervous terror for a moment. Th footsteps were : perfectly audible, so sh jumped up rushed into the nursery, an fetched Hannah. " A light, quick t There is a ma walking about my room. Quick I" Hannah jumped up, lighted a candi from the lamp burning in the inner roon and in a few moments these brave wome were searching the rooms and passages. Not a sound, not a trace of anyone coul they detect. The house was profound! silent, the doors were fastened across tl corridor leading to the men's apartment Not a trace of anyone could be found j an after a thorough investigation of tl -suite of rooms the women returned to the beds more puzzled than eyer. These alarming sounds, taken in coi junction with the portents and shapi which had already been heard and see: made Mrs. Ricketts seriously uneasy. SI : was a determined woman, by np meai nervpuB as a rule, and she endeavored account for the ghostly shapes and noie by natural means. She remembered th .the old housekeeper had desired to see he but she had not been able to reach h cottage, until too late. Was it possible that old- Mistress Parfait had had. some .news to communicate concerning the spectres and the warnings ? If so, the information must now remain for ever a secret. The cause must be sought in the mansion. ÊSearch was made, but no reasons, for the peouliar sounds could be discovered., Sometimes the ser- vants complained of. moaning and . cries, and on one particular night in the autumn, heavy knocks were heard. By that time Mrs. Ricketts had moved to another and warmer apartment. She had no fear of anyone entering the house at night,,but she distinctly heard, the knocks, and the whispering sounds, with footsteps in the passages. As the spring again ad- vanced, the manifestations became more frequent and annoying, and the " gentle- man in .drab," as well as the female figure were in evidenoe. That there was some story attaching t< the mansion was now asserted. Inquiry «? A tall woman dressed in dark clothing, suddenly appeared and hurriedly madeher way to the outer door of the back premises.1* was diligently pursued, and the threads of a sad intrigue were put together. The '?notorious evil liver," as the nobleman was called, had left a legend behind him, and the female spectre was said to be his victim. This narrative was generally accepted, and certain melancholy facts fully war- ranted the application.: The restlessness of the spirits, the secret Of the old house- keeper, were partly explained, but a villager added to the clues already in hand by imparting some information concerning a *'job'! which . had been done in the house. A certain room had been entered and the flooring removed. He believed that the late inmate hoped to find some treasure in the place ; but it might well have been that he wished to bury some- thing. AU this was very mysterious, and unsettled t e family very greatly. Mean- while no diminution occurred in the disturbances. In April of the following year Mrs. Ricketts was again awakened by someone walking in the passage and pushing at her door. She im- mediately rang her bell. Godin came in quickly, and the mistress and maid ex- amined cupboards, wardrobes, ' and all the passages. The maid had seen no one in the corridor ; but as the search was con- cluding the door was seen to move back- wards and forwards, as if someone had peeped in and retired, half closing the dooi after him. This was so palpable that Mrs. Rickett! rang the .bell for the men-servants. All the passage doors were locked as they hac been the night before. Another search wat instituted without avail, and Mrs. Ricketts then made up her mind to send for he] brother, Captain Jervis. He arrived with another naval office: named Luttrell, and on the night Of thei: arrival the hall door' banged loudly durinj the night. The noises in the house wer« worse than before, and the captain declare< that the house was not fit for human beings to inhabit. Strange phenomena- were noticed, and the behavior of the favorite cat at times, when no shape appeared to the members of the family in the rooms, was noticed with some curiosity. On several occasions the animal would crouch, and slink up to its mistress with every sign of terror. , It would cling to her dress and hide its head between Mrs. Ricketts' feet in alarm, and not emerge from- her protection for some few minutes, when, the invisible cause being presumably removed, the cat would resume its former position on the rug, ohair, or table. The servants stated that a. pet dog was wont to behave in a similar manner. They heard noises, but could see nothing ; yet the terrier would give evidence of its fear of some approaching thing, which the domestics could only hear, and that indis- tinctly. These portents filled every one with alarm. At length the continual disturbances became too trjing. Mrs. Ricketts was com- pelled to quit the mansion, and then some attempts were made to unearth the sup- posed treasure or other objects buried within the flooring of the apartment already indicated. Search was made, and a skull with some bones were discovered. Some people thought it was the skull of a monkey, but others who paid attention to certain curious revelations, decided in their own minds otherwise, and proof of foul play was asserted. However, as long as the house was in- habited, the Sounds were heard. After the departure of. the Ricketts family other tenants occupied it. ' The disturbances continued just the same, and so they have gone on! No one could live in the Manor House, which was permitted to remain empty, and was dismantled. Gradually it fell into decay ; but, in all these years, no clue has been obtained to the origin of the sounds and sights, which remain on record as the My steries of Hinton Manor ! ... The statements'and declarations of all these and many other circumstances con- nected with the house may be seen and perused at length in the numbers of the GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for November and December, 1872. There will be found the the true and circumstantial statements ,oi the inmates, the servants, and others who heard the noises and saw the spectres. We have read these, and narrated them in our own form?, but the incidents as ?" deposed to are the .same in this narritive as in the original. With this we must bid our readers farewell, though there are many other striking scenes and bits of family history which we could, if occasion demanded, serve up to interest and amuse e ' [The Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] An English society paper remarks that the Earl of Northesk, aide-de-camp to the Governor of Victoria, is very much at- tached to that colony. He is talking about buying a big residential estate near Melbourne, and squatting there for several years. The fact that he is also attached to an Australian damsel who has a distinct objection to exchange the sunny skies of her native land for the fog-roof of Eng- land is a very feasible explanation of his lordship's resolution. 