XhBATBICAL The first appearance of Mr. Walter Bentley in Brisbane way fitly be described as having taken place in a blaze of triumph. Before the performance on Monday the lively piercing strains of the shrill bagpipes heralded the coming of one of Scotia's sons. When Mr. Bentley stepped upon the stage he was greeted with the cordial plaudits ef a briUinnfc and critical audience, which literally crowded the Opera House from floor to ceiling. At the close of the first act he met with a great ovation, later he had showered upon him beautiful bouquets of flowers, and throughout the erening * the applause wits renewed again and again until the final fall of the curtain, when he was onco more summoned to the front to receive another round of genuine applause. Of the pro duction itself, it may be said at the .. outset it was without exception the most interesting representation of Shakespeare's greatest of plays it has been the lot of the writer to witness in Australia. The pruning knife has been freely used—many beauties have been ratlilcssly excluded—but Mr. Bentley has succeeded in so piecing together five acts selected from the original play, that whilst the continuity of the story is not destroyed, the interest is intensified* There is notliing prosy or dull about the version presented at the Opera House—save only where the actora or actresses failed to realise the ideal. Par away above all , other characters towered the impersonation of the Prince of Denmark. Mr. Bentley is no "melancholy Dane" of the orthodox order; he is an intelligent being who has set before him a task, aud who spares none, not even himself, to accomplish it. Prom the initial entrance the gracefulness of tho actor is recognised, and throughout his movements are free from the time-honoured stalking of the old school tragedian or tho jerky strutting of the modem imitators of a very great actor. Then, too, his facial expression is remarkable. Mr. Bentley's mobile countenance lends itself to this. Hamlet's inmost thoughts and his varying emotions arc repictured as in a mirror. This may destroy much of the mystery with which some tragedians delight to invest the part, but Mr. Bentley secures the advan tage, aud it was iii that way lie, tlironghout, retained the attention of the audience. Those in the audience who had only socn '; Hamlet11 in Brisbane and whose experience was limited to Mr. W. J. Holloway, Mr. G. C. Miln, and Mr. Charles Warner hoard much that was new in emphasis and reading. Mr. Miln's "Hamlet" claimed, to he a scholarly personation, and whilst he followed the. lond voiced, robustious style in much, he made, some wild departures into pat lis where many declined to follow. - .Mr. Warner played the part once only in;Brisbane. Iforepre sented -the prince us a very melancholy being, full of mystery, and in somo respects very monotonous. Mr. Bentley, as already shown, rejects both these sets of short comings. Many of his new readings—which bear a likeness to, though they arc not a slavish copy of Irving—commend themselves. In his advice to the players he did not "tear a passion to tatters, to very rags," but regard ing the players as his friends, spoke to them in a familiar way. True, he may have lost some thing in dignity, but he gained in effect and intelligibility. Tho famous speech beginning "To be, or not to be," was delivered very fiuely, and with rare intelligence, but singular to relate it was not followed by even the faintest applause. The manner in which this speech was introduced was new, but it was ingeuious. The second act closes with the words I'll have ground* . More relativo than this: the play'* the thing Wherein I'll catch the oonscleucs of the king. Mr. Bentlcy having uttered these words crossed to a table as if to write the speech which he had promised theplayer he would "get down and insert" for him. With the act of writing the curtain fell on a most effective picture. The next act opens on Hamlet putting the finisliing touches to the new speech, and then rising from tho table lie thinks rather than speaks the fiuicido soliloquy " To bo or not to be." ITr. Bcntley's scenes with tho ghost • in Act I. wcro impressive, but it was here that hie uccont—lor ho has tho faintest Scottish accent—was rather ntoro pronounced. Later it was lost or unobservablo 111 -tho rush of words and tho maiTcllous interest aroused. In tho closet scene Mr. Beutlej docs not make use of either miniature or wall por traits when he enjoins his mother to " Look on this picture, and on that," but adopts the Irving fashion of appealing to the imagination. The word pictures tlius drawn were very vivid indeed. In the play scene lie rose to a great height of excellence. As the player poured poison in the player-king's ear, and uttered the line3 beginning Thoughts black, hands 'apt, drugs fit, and time agreeing; Hamlet, eyes intent on the king, reached for ward repeating word for word after the player with terrible earnestness, and as the king rushed out calling Lights, lights, lights, the curtain fell amidst great excitement, and a storm of applause. The closet scene with the Queen was another point of special excellence, and Mr. Eentley's. face on the entrance of the ghost was u sight to see—not to de scribe. The fencing bout with Laerte3 at the close of the pluy wits something more than a mere rattle of steel. In this Mr. B entity has wisely followed the example of Mr. Irving, who insisted upon swordsmanship of tiie best. The interest was thus maintained, and the netor held his audience by his dramatic finale to the very fall of the curtain. Mr. Bentley's was essentially an intelligent, a graceful, a forceful, ' and an un deniably popular impersonation. Of the company—so much overshadowed by Mr. Bentley—little need be said. Miss Laura Hansen as Ophelia did not impress the audience in her opening scenes. She lacked natural ness and her voice tones seemed to be deficient in sympathy. In the mad scene she compen sate for all disappointment. Here hor acting was of the highest class, and as she uttered the babbling nonsense of the demented girl and distributed her flowers, the audience sat as in a spell, only |to be broken when she fell across tno supposed grave of her father. Then the applause was prolonged and very pronounced. That excellent comedian, Hr.W. F. Clitherow, was more than ordinarily successful as the Gravedigger, aud Mr. Lacman M'Gowan was a satisfactory Folonius. Mr. II. Roberto us Laertes, and Mr. II. Hill, as Horatio, were above the commonplace. The lines for tho Ghost were spoken in sepulchral, monotonous tones by an actor of the old school, Mr. "William South. The lines of Osric were well spoken by Miss Grace Hamilton,but her costume did not realise the fop. Mr. Holman's King was faulty tliroughout. Miss Fitzsimon, as the Queen, was evidently a novioe, but she gave some promise. "Hamlet" was repeated on Taea auy night. A telegram from • TownsvUle on Saturday states that-tlio tour • of the Taylor- Carrington Company hus been successful, and business was first-class right through. They, hare left .Townsrille for Cairns, Cooktown, Normantou, and Croydon. Tlie company at the Theatre Royal last Friday gave the concluding performance of " Struck Oil." "Faust up to Date/1 writlon by Sims and Pettitt, a burlesque on Gounod's famous opera "Faust," was produced at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday, under the direc tion of Messrs. Percy St. John and James Wilkinson. The songs, choruses, music, and dances combined to contribute something like a lively evening's entertainment. The company for the production of the comic operas, after the Bentley season, has now been completed. Miss May Glendenning has been retained, and her fine voice will then be heard to advantage. Miss Aggio Kelton will sustain a leading part in "Bulbo," exactly suited to her clever capacities. Mr, C. M. Leu mane will be the leading tenor; Mr. F. W. Montague, baritone; Mv. A. G. Poulton, Mr. Denbigh .Newton, Mr. T. E. Leonard, and Mr. John Wallace will be the comedians. Other members of the company will bo Miss Belle Lindsay, Mrs. George Simws, and Miss Letty Durand, a new aoprano of whose voice repute speaks very highly. The opening date is fixed for August 3. A.novel, interesting, and instructive enter tainment, consisting of tableaux rivants, illus trative of Scandinavian life, interspersed with songs, dunces, and orchestral juu⁣, was given at the Gaiety Theatre; ou Friday. The tab leaux vivauts, 15 in number, which were pre sented at the Boggo wad theatre a few week a back, wero arranged with better effect last evening than on the previous occasion, the , additional accessories at the Gaiety Theatre proving very serviceable to Mr. Oscar Fristrom, the artist, under whose supervision the tableaux were displayed. Each tableaux was a veritable picture of Scandinavian life, the native cos tumes, the striking colours, and the surround ings being arranged with true artistic taste. The entertainment was repeated on Saturday and Monday. The Harry Rickards Company were last heard of at Buudabevg, where they were draw ing good houses. A comic opera company, now touring in the provinces, played "Les Cloches de Corneville" and "Girofie-Girofla," at Boudaberg, last week. A telegram from Adelaide on Monday stated that the Gaiety Company played "Joan of Arc " on Saturday niglit, to a very large and enthusiastic audience. The season which ends on Thursday next has been a very successfid one. Some time ago the Australian Theatrical Mauagment Company, Melbourne, offered prizes of £100 and £50 for a drama, if recommended by ; a committee of gentlemen, for production. The style required was that of the " Silver King," or "Harbour Lights.?> The committee re ported that there were 49 competitors, but none of the productions possessed sufficient merit to justify the board in awarding either first or second prize. Our weekly wire from Syduey on Monday contained the following information: An im mense audience assembled at the Town Hall on Saturday niirht to hear Madame Vauderveer Green sing lor the last time in Sydney, and gave her an enthusiastic reception. Mr. John Gourlay opened a short season of farcical comedy at the Imperial Opera House on Satur day night with "Skipped by the Moon." Messrs. Walton, Shine, Jewett, and Miss Bella Bashcll, who were also in the cast, were well received by a large audience, which included the Queensland footballers. Respecting the Melbourne theatres our cor resj>ondent on Monday telegraphed as follows : Mr.JGeorgc Rignoldproduced anew version of "Faust" "at the Princess Theatre, the piece being splendidly staged. Mrs. Bernard Beerc made her last appearance at the Opera House, on Saturday evening, to a crowded audience. At the close of the play the curtaiu had to be raised three times, when Mrs. Beerc, in a short emotional speech, bade farewell to Melbourne. She next proceeds toBendigo. At the Bijou, "The Tiles,*' played by the Brough uud Boucicault Company, is having an excellent run. The Bland Holt season at the Theatre Royul maintains its hold upon theatre-goers with "A Run of Luck." 