THE NOVEMBER MAGAZINES. Mr. W. Mather, M.P., who describes himself as an employer in one of the great staple industries of England, contributes to the Contemporary Review an article on labour and the eight hours question, in which he advocates a legal enactment conferring on all trade unions the prerogative of determining the hours of work in their respective occupa- tions, whenever they can show a preponder- ance of opinion in favour of the change they suggest ; and he adds that he does not fear any permanent injury to trade from the power possessed by the unions, because, he argues, the progress of general education and technical instruction among the working classes will lead them to the recognition of the fact that the enterprise and confidence of capital are essential to success. Mr. Mather mentions that at present about one sixth of all adult labour and about one third of that of skilled artisans have entered into combi- nations. An essay on the life and work of the late Ernest Renan, by M. G. Monod, charac- terises him as " beyond comparison the greatest writer of his time, and one of the greatest French writers of all time." His scepticism is spoken of as being the consequence of his sincerity, and his mind is described as having been universal in its grasp. He knew and understood the religious philosophies and civilisation of all countries and of all times, and he "recreated the universe in his own brain," for "he thought it out again, so to speak." Some impressions of Provence are agreeably conveyed by Mme. Darmesteter, who, as a matter of course, called upon Mistral, the Provencal poet, at Avignon ; and describes him as "so much like Buffalo Bill in his appearance that, one day, when the two celebrities met by accident in a Parisian café, they stared at each other, bewil- dered for a moment, and then, rising, each advanced towards the other and shook hands." The readers of Miss Paget's Bald- win will not be sorry to renew their acquain- tance with the interlocutors in that " book of dialogues." They now discuss the spiritual life, and the general drift of the dis- cussion is towards the conclusion that that life finds its highest expres- sion in the unselfish service of our fellow men, impelled by sympathy and affection, and guided by intelligence ; and in "a union with something transcending our ego, its wants and experiences, a union all that is, and has been, and shall be." Miss Edith Sellers relates the story of a colony for epileptics--a malady which afflicts one-tenth per cent. of the population of North Germany--founded near Bielefeld, in Westphalia, re- organised in 1870, and now so flourishing that it is increasing in size and usefulness from year to year. It comprises from 1,000 to 1,200 patients, and is maintained at a cost of £31,155 per annum, £12,351 of which is recouped by paying-patients, and the managers believe that the colony will become self- supporting in time. There are 2,000 acres of land under cultivation, and all the patients, be they princes or beggars, work with their hands, and this labour and activity make the village quite cheerful. "The people have no time to brood, no time to wonder why their lot should be thus cast apart from their fellows. Considering their condition, it is startling to note the expression of content— nay, happiness—in the faces of many of these colonists , even the imbeciles amongst them seem at last to have found rest." Under the title of "Democracy and Our Old Universities," Mr. J. King discusses the future of these venerable institutions, one of which--Oxford--possesses a gross income of £475,254. To bring them into harmony with the democratic spirit of the age he contends that they must cease to be English gentleman's universities, and become the British citizens universities, with a place in them for the poor student as well as the peer's son, and a generous en- couragement for all noble sciences and arts. Mr. Phil Robinson describes the birds and insects who loot the orchards of the mother country, and his paper shows him to be a close observer of their character and habits. A new view of Goethe is presented by Mr. H. W. Nevinson, who examines his career as a Minister of State, and finds in it an agency for the poet's mental discipline. "So rigorous a training of mind and body," it is observed, "far from numbing the sense of beauty, tended rather to stimulate it and to purify. Thus preserved from the lethargy and intellectual satiety of his predecessors, he was enabled to avoid the insanity which so often clouded the careers of his early comrades in revolt." G. W.Child considers the present position of the high church party in a controversial article, which will probably interest a very limited number of readers, in this part of the world at any rate. Mr. W. T. Stead indulges in one of his ex cathedra deliver- ances on the Home Rule question, in which he advocates the postponement of the subject in order that the House of Commons may "obtain time to carry those measures without which the next general election will be lost by the Liberals before the polls are opened " Mr. Joseph Chambelain, M.P, has an important article on the labour question in the Nineteenth Century, in which he formu- lates what we presume may be regarded as the programme of the Liberal Unionists. It embraces the legislative enforcement of shorter hours for severe labour, the earlier closing of shops, the establishment of tri- bunals of arbitration, compensation for injuries received in employment and to widows and children in case of death, old age pensions for the deserving poor, limitation and control of pauper immigration, the better housing of the workmg classes by municipal methods, and increased facilities for those classes to become the owners of their own dwellings. Mr. Chamberlain is of opinion that such a policy will be acceptable to the Unionist party as a whole, although differ- ences may arise as to methods and details ; and he impresses upon that party the neces- sity of earnest and sympathetic efforts to study and solve the social problems of the day. Sir F. Pollock contributes some recol- lections of Renan, whose acquaintance he made in 1877 , and whose one great legacy to his countr) he regards as having been "the spirit of serious and disinterested work" which is already actuating the rising genera- tion in France. There are, Mr. M. B. Huish tells us, 5,000 exhibiting artists in Great Britain, and the number is increasing by hundreds yearly. Whence comes this great multitude ? he asks ; numbers of whom are dedicating themselves to a life of inevitable poverty. The answer is from state-aided art education. "The nation provided funds to improve the status of our art manufactures by teaching work- men how to design. These funds have been misdirected and misappropriated in an attempt to make them professional painters." And the question arises. Are we not making the same mistake in this colony ? A short but weighty article on the ruin of the American farmer. by Mr.W. Maitland, shows that the impending insolvency of the whole of the agricultural classes" throughout the United Sttes has been brought about by protection, because the price which the farmer receives for his produce is "not fixed by the cost of production in his own protected country, but by the price he obtains for the surplus he has to ex-_ port and sell in a foreign market in compe- tition with India, Australia, Canada, Russia, and every other exporting country. The result is that he has been working--slaving would be a more appropriate term--for years, and every year with perhaps a few exceptions, has seen him deeper in debt than the previous one. At the same time he is too poor to buy manure, and his land is "so nearly worn out that about ten bushels an acre is considered a fair average crop of wheat as against over thirty bushels in this cuntry." Mrs. Josceline Bagot de- scribes a North country election in which her husband was the successful candidate, and Mr. E. Dicey points out the benefits accruing to the whole Indian community from the construction of railways in native states. Mr. A. K. Herbert dilates on the art of cooking, and explains the steps necessary to be taken to improve the methods of the average Mary Jane, who rules in English kitchens. In an article on the Inns of Court as schools of law, Mr. M. Crackanthorpe, Q.C., submits a scheme for the creation of a teaching university, with a faculty of law, to be formed and endowed by the Inns of Court, under the management of a board of studies, and the general superintendence of the senate of such university, which should have orthority to confer academical legal degrees, and to grant licenses to practise either as barrister or as solicitor. "A Picture of the Past," drawn by the skilful hand of Mrs. Lynn Linton, deals chiefly with female life in the mother country a hundred or a hundred and fifty years ago, and it affords her another opportunity for girding at " the political wild women" of the present day. At the same time she admits that while " seclusion, obedience, restraint, and modesty have gone by the board, and the ramping qualities of coarsely heroic adventuresses have taken their place, there are still among us "those grand and noble women who in times of peace can be quiet, loving, and domestic, and who when called on to act can be heroines as sublime as the world has ever seen." The morality of vivisection is discussed by Mr. Victor Horsley, and by Dr. Armand Ruffer, apropos of the debate on the question in the recent church congress. Both of them defend the practice, the first pointing to that debate as a pointed illustration of " the unscrupulous methods of anti- vivisectionism," and the second observing that "if experiments on animals were absolutely useless, then they would be certainly immoral ; but if experi- ments are of value in saving human life, then, if done with as little infliction of pain as possible, they are justifiable," there being a remarkable consensus of medical opinion on that point. A review of Mr. J. A. Symonds's Life of Michael Angelo, by Mrs. Ross, epitomises the salient incidents of the great artist's lengthened career, and concludes by remarking that "few will read the life-story of this grand old man without a feeling of strong admiration for the sobriety of his life, for his extraordin- ary power of work, and for his intellectual activity prolonged to an extreme old age." Is Professor Huxley also among the poets ? It would appear so from a threnody which he contributes on the death of Tennyson, in conjunction with six other versified tributes by the late laureate's friends. It takes the form of an address to the illustrious dead from the venerable Minster. It is needless to add that unlike the verses of the other mourners, it avoids all reference to the possi- bilities that the fine qualities of the poet will, to use his own words "bloom to profit other where." In the "Fortnightly Review," Professor Huxley writes what he calls "An Apologetic Irenicon in reply to Mr. Frederic Harrison's recent article. He stigmatises the Positivism of Comte as a "monstrous religious abortion," which sets up an animistic idol for adoration in lieu of the God worshipped by Jw, Christian and Mohammedan ; and chaffs his opponent for having whittled this down to a regard for one's fellow creatures, and with having superseded a "Horeb on Seine" by "a Deuteronomy propounded in Moab on Thames." As a specimen of keen edged dialectics, the article is very entertaining. It contains also a general profession of the writer's faith or no faith, coupled with the declaration that if all the world were against him it would not supply a ghost of a reason for his forsak- ing his opinions. Is the interior of our globe liquid or solid ? This is the question considered by Mr. A. R. Wallace, the dis- tinguished naturalist, who examines and states the results of the latest scientific in- vestigations of the question, and more par- ticularly those of Mr. Judd in his work on volcanoes, and arrives at the conclusion that we are only separated by a thickness of eighteen miles of rock from a molten sub- stratum, holding in solution great quantities of steam and other gases , that this thin crust readily and constantly adjusts itself to all the alternations of strain and pressure to which it is exposed, and that this secures us from vast cataclysms capable of endangering the existence of any considerable portion of our race. Mr. W. O'Brien, M.P., offers his view of Mr. Morley's task in Ireland, and asserts that he " will find forces gathering at his back sufficiently intelligent, strong, and stable, not merely to aid him in governing Ireland successfully through a troubled winter, but to take up the work from him under a native administration." The late Duke of Marlborough, who says that it is admitted on all sides that there was not a single picture of first class importance in the Royal Academy last year, finds an explanation of the decadence of British art in the fact that "the artist of today is a bon bourgeois, or a gay bachelor. He has a smart house or a smart wife to keep going. He has to be a trader in the true sense of the word, and if he finds he has made a hit in one or other of the classes before mentioned (animals, sea pieces, coast scenery, dramatic repre- sentations, &c.;) he must stick to it and go in for that in everything he does." The The Duke pleads for a new school of English art, and designates Mr. Burne Jones as its founder, because his work shows "the serious purpose of an early German or Italian, together with the instinctive love of a poet for the whole field of chivalry and romance." As to the so- called impressionist French school, the Duke remarks that it "can never build up a school of art for us to imitate." It is to be devoutly hoped not. Some erroneous ideas concerning Burma and the Burmese are dissipated by Mr. H.C. Moore, who speaks of them from personal observation, and describes their religion, manners and customs, social life, amusements, and marriage usages. Polygamy is recognised as lawful, but a Burman is usually satisfied with one spouse, for the simple reason that the women in Burma rule their husbands, and one master is enough. On the subject of fruit-growing in California, Mr, W, Roberts thinks it necessary to warn people against the highly-coloured statements which are put forth concerning it, in order to allure immigrants with capital to that state. The whole thing is overdone, and the decline which has now set in must continue and increase as the new orchards--of which an immense acreage has been planted--come into bearing. A French- woman describes the woman's art exhibition which has just been held in Paris, and suggests that England, "the organiser 'par excellence' of great exhibitions, should take up the woik in its neglected aspects and thus raise a memorial in honour of women of all countries and of all periods." Mr. F.A. Leach contributes an historical account of the oldest schcol in England, that of St. Peter's, in connection with York Minster, dating back to 730, it not to an earlier period. After an existence of upwards of 1,100 years, it is still the great public school of York and its neighbourhood. In an essay on the contemporary insurrection of women, a writer, whose sex is doubtful, takes up the cudgels on behalf of the sex, answers some of the arguments of the opponents of the rights of woman party, and supports the granting of female suffrage, on the ground that it will afford an opportunity for developing a new type of womanhood, just as Christianity did. The death of Ernest Renan has called forth three papers. In the first, Mrs. Emily Craw- for sketches his life, which, she says, was blamelessly pure, and vowed to acts of kind- liness and charity, adding that he "thought like a man, felt like a woman, and acted like a child." In the second, Mr. A. D. Vandam says that it is impossible to give any idea of the charm of Renan's conversation, while of his personal appearance he offers us the fol- lowing portrait :--"Short, squat, with a gait which reminded one unconsciously of that of the hippopotamus, or to put it mildly, of a bear, and a face the angles of which almost disappeared beneath layers of flesh, while the nose looked, not like an integral part of the whole, but like and excrescence on it, 'a contemptuously lavish afterthought of its Creator,' as someone said." In the third, M. Hugues le Roux gives us some examples of Renan's table talk. The following is probably the most characteristic :-- \--"One day, the Princess Mathilde spoke a little bitterly of M. Taine for having written as he did of Napolean the First. "Taine,' she said, 'who is my friend! One would think that he didn't know that had it not been for that uncle of mine I should pro- bably now be selling oranges in the streets of Ajaccio.' Renan nodded--'Ah, Princess, for merely having told the truth I fell into the bad graces of a much greater lady than you.' "Whom do you mean ?' 'Our holy Mother Church.' " 