> ECHOES FROM PALL MALL . From a Correspondent. LONDON. 8th January. Apropot of the apparent easo with which the Messrs. Spinks satisfied' themselves of Mrs. Osborne's proprietorship of tho jewels, I am told that the dealers in jewels and precious stones are wont to go a good deal by the look of a customer, and trust to their own judgment as to their bona fides.- A friend of mino who knew the proprietor was in a jeweller's shop tho other day, and observ ing a very seedy looking person looking over some very valuable articles observed, " I wonder you trust a man liko that so near your dia monds." "That man is good for £1000 at least," wABthcreply. "Ibeg hispardon;you know him, it scemri?" "I novor saw him before in my life, but I am I flatter myself a good judgo of faces." This is very interesting and satis factory as far as it goes, but "ono story is good till another is told," and this is tho othor story. Years ngo, a friend of mine, interested in the welfare of discharged prisoners, was called upon by an ex-convict, a young fellow looking vory smart and respectable. "You have got a place, I soe?" "Yes sir, and a vory good ono ; I have been thcro for months." . And ho mentioned where it was. " I am glad indeed to bear it, but how camo Mr. to engage you without a character?" "Well, sir, ho said that didn't matter, because ho could always tejl an honest face when he saw one." Manya dog has died for man; notonly involun tarily, at the hands of the viviscctioniot, licking Lin- ituuii llittt lutlufua'it, but knowing! lio'vliig its own life. That this k'nowTedgo exists can be seen any day at the sensido, whero tho dog when his master embarks in his pleasure boat will, after an agony of hesitation, leap aftor him into the unknown elemont. Its unselfish affec tion for him overcomes fear, tho most powerful instinct in man or beast. It is seldom indeed that man reciprocates the self-sacrifice of his canino friend ; but lie does so occasionally, & gentleman at Nottingham jumping down from the platform on to the railway lino to savo his favorite dog was cut to pieces the other day by the oxprea. Many good men havo died in aworso cause. This incident is described as unparal leled, but for the orcdit of human nature, whatever may be amiss with our caution and judgment and sense of proportion, under such circumstances this is not so. Other men have lost their lives, both by fire nnd water, to savo their dogs. Tho affection of a man for his canine favorito can no moro be measured by those who have no dog than that of a father for his children by an old bachelor. Under some conditions, such as exile, a dog may bo tho solo connecting link with all that a man loves and cares for. Thoro are no eyos moro full of tenderness and affection than thoso of that faithful creature. It affords the strongest evi dence to which tho believers in tho doctrine of motempHyohosio can point. There is no brute in its expression so human. Its tastes nnd ways, it is true, are diagusting enough in some matters, but that is human too ; and that some dogs are so morose and cruel that thoy aro only fit to bo hung by no means destroys the parallel. It has been scornfully remarked of a certain popular novolist that his heroes and heroines are boys and girls. But as far at least as the latter goes it seems tlmt ho sins in good company. A writer in the Atlantic Monthly has been acting as registrar-general to Scott's heroines, and it is quite remarkable how young he finds them. Rosa Brndwnrdene is but 16 when she begins to play her part in Waverloy ; and Flora MTvor only 18. Julia Mannering is 16 when she first meets Bortram in India. Lucy Asbton, the Bride ot Lammcrmoor, is 16, Dio Vernon is 18, Effie Deans is 18, and Anne of Gcirstein 17. Out of 30 of Scott's heroines only eight are out of thoir teens. Judged by modern standards they certainly seem very precocious, not only in their amatory instincts, but in judgment and decision of character. Lord Lytton kept his heroinos protty young (and young and pretty) to tho last, but his heroes, boys at first, gradually aged with his own increasing years;' this is accounted for by egotism ; like Disraeli, ho drew tbera from himsolf. The Itaily Graphic tolls us how reputations flourish nnd fado — or rather wax and wane — at Madame Tussaud'sfamous establishment. When the public have had enough of a celebrity he is removed from the exhibjtion and makes way .for a more recent claimant to fame. Perhaps he is melted down and literally contributes his sub stance to swell his rival's triumph. It is not quite such a rebuko to vanity as it seems to be, because somo of the individuals belong to tho room of horrorB and are succeeded by other criminals, which should be a satisfaction to the dethroned ones, since it shows that the memory of thoir misdeeds is dying out, but tho plan itself seems worthy of imitation. Until tho Govern ment decides the matter by giving them titles, aa Mr. Beaant proposes, why should there not bo a pantheon in wax of our literary celebri ties, to bo removed at tho popular ploasure, which could be gathered by- their power of attraction (at a shilling a head)? This would settle tho point so often insisted upon by the critics, but hithorto incapable of proof, as to what posterity thinks of an author. If his wooden image " draws " for a couple of genera tions his family ought to be well- satisfied. "The "pious founder," once so revered, has of lato years fallen into groat disrepute, his henofaotions, even if well intended (which is doubtful) having boon- shown to bo almost always mischievous ; and, still more recently, even the authors of oharitablo bequosts havo come in for similar condemnation. If a man really wants to do good, Bays Mr. Gladstone, let him do it while ho is alive, for by his will it is generally done at the expense of somebody else. Theso views will recoive corroboration from at least two bequests during the past year. One of them is that of the Saloniea brigand, who left a tenth of tho sum he received as ran som fromSignorCollini to thocommittee engaged in foundiug board schools in Macedonia ; the other 18 that of Johann Lischenslci, who loft £2465 for the erection of a hospital for " poor Christian men " in Berlin His only stipula tion (common to all similar bequests) is that his name should be identified with the institution. This tho authorities have declined to accede to, upon the not wholly unreasonable ground that tho would bo donor committed suicide aftor murdering his maid servant. These, however, it must bo allowed, aro ratlier extreme examples of tho pious founder. It lias long been a reproach to the English people that they "take thoir pleasures sadly," and the following is & vory striking example of it. A disused cemetery in tbo borough called tho Cross Bones Burial Ground, has been of late years utilised as a recreation ground. Fairs arc held upon it, with steam organs, rifle galleries, cocoanut shies, and, what seems very appropri ate to tlio locality, "Ghost Shows." This last should bo inquired into by tho psyohical society ; it is described as the greatest attraction of all, and very productive of noise and screams. But what appears still moro strange as an item of amusement is tho "razzlo dazzle, "a machine which imitates the motions of & ship at sea. Ono can scaroely conceive anyone wishing to bo acquain ted with this species of locomotion, which has all the effects of ocean travel upon the voyager, but it is said to bo "extremely popular." The inhabitants of the borough must bo as peculiar in their constitutions as in their tastes. Tho most singular caso of survival under try ing circumstances in surgical annals has hitherto been the caso of the patient who had a gig shaft run right through him. Theoxamploof the gentle man mentioned in Midshipman Ea$y> who had tho death rattlo in his throat for six weeks, has been doubted by tho sceptical, and, therefore, need nob be insisted on. But a more wonderful tale of recovery than that of tho man pierced by the Hhaft (whioh though it may remind us of the long bow, is well authenticated), comes from Philadelphia. A citizen of that town had tho misfortune, years ago, to break his ncok, and is nevertheless still in the land of tho living. Such is -tho skill of the Philadelphia!! surgeons that they patohed him up for all business purposes, only he would go stooping after things, which has jerked his neck out of placo agaiu. They havo now constructed a special apparatus for keeping his head in place, and provided him with a pair of " lazy tongs" for picking up things from tho ground. " If a man is to bo killed at Philadelphia, " exclaims nu enthusiastic residonfc, "you must run him through a print ing press, and oven then lie will have a chanco if ono of our own dootors is sent for. I cannot help thinking that tho printing press has some thing to do with— not tho incident— but with the recovery of tho gontleman with his nook broken. It sounds very like a newspaper story. A Now Year'a dinner has been given to all the horses in the Homo of Rct,t at Aoton j carrots, apples, bread and sugar were the chiof ingriv clients of the feast, for tho guestB were without exception vegetarinns. Nono of them seem to havo said " neigh" to nny of these dainties ; but the question arises, why should horses only bo feasted ; why should the great carnivora (an animal, which as a child, I used to seek for in vain in the Zoological Gardens), be neglected? Their diet is of quito another kind, but 'thcro seems no reason why onco a year, at least, thoy should not be given a treat. Tbo menu, might consist of a few mutilators of cattle, somo of those wretches who torture children with hot pokers, and a viviscctionist or two, materials they would thoroughly appreciate, and we should nono of us miss. Curious as are tlio beginnings of a popular error, they arc not ro amazing as their continu ance. As long as ono remembers anything, olio romcmbors " tho Queen's Tobacco Pipe," whicl used to burn thousands of pounds of smuggled cigars and tobacco every year. The very mon- strocity of such wicked wasto perhaps gave the story its attraction and adhesiveness, but certainly everybody believed it. It was only when with a great flourish wo were told that the " department" had seen tlio error of its ways, and would in future uso tho tohncco for charitable objects, that wo learn, thanks to a special messenger from tho Daily Graphic , that no such crimo was ever committed, and that tho "Queen's Tobacco Pipe" nover does, and never did, burn anything but re fuse. One is sorry to find that the confiscated tobacco only rejoices the hearts and palates of criminal lunatics. Criminals undor the gaol chaplain, and in a high state of moral elevation, might, nnrhfin Ittno+So frt smoke smuggled tobacco, but I cannot see why it should not bo supplied to the aged poor in workhouses. That would not " spoil the mar ket," sinco no tobacco would unhappily bo bought for such purpose. And it would givesomo comfort to those who arc in soro need of it. Thomas Carlylo's contempt for novelists, for tho expression of which he got so mauled by Charles Reado, is now explained, he had tho same reason for attacking them that explains tho censure of most critics. I-Ie had tried story telling himself and failed in it most cgrcgiously. We cannot say that his posthumous novel is tho worst that a man of intelligence has ever writ ten, because wo remember Lord Brougham's Albert IaiiuL Though many will say that it ia hard to expose to criticism what an author him self presumably thought too weak for publica tion, tho appearance of this work of Carlyle's is not to be regretted if it convinces the world how little evon tho cleverest folks aro fitted to sit in judgment upon matters which are out of their line. It is not so long ago that an essayist who had as little pathos as a hippopotamus, and an historian who was endowed with the samo amount of humor, were so good as to inform the world that Charles Dickens was a vory overrated writer. Thero aro few moro touching letters in the annals of correspondence than that recently written by the veteran Oliver "Wendell Holmes to his elder brother in letters, John Grenlsaf Whitticr, upon his birthday. These two men stand at tlio head of American literature. Dr. Holmes's genius is moro various ; lie is an admirable prose writer and humorist, as well as a poet, but Whittier is facile princcps among tho bards of tho new world. He is 84, and Holmes is not much younger, and yet they have both within the last twelvemonth, liko Tennyson on this side of tho Atlantic, dono excellent work. "With these throe in the realms of song it is indeed the survival of tho fittest. Still theso two old friends and fellow countrymen cannot but find themselves alone. All, all aro dead who set out with them on life's voyage together. "Wo wcro on deck dear friend," writes Holmes, "two generations ago. Tho lifo of a wholo generation passed and found us iu the cabin with a goodly company of coovals. Then tho craft which held us went to pieces, nnd only a few of us wero left upon tho raft, made out of its fragments. Now, you and I are left alone, clingiug to a solitary spar.'1 Nevertheless it is a cheerful letter. The Auto - crat of the Breakfast Table seems to remember Dr. Johnson's remark to his contemporary, "Do not let us discourago one another." 