Joanias Bracelet On a morning early in the spring of last year two men stood leaning against the mantelpiece of a room in one of the government offices. The taller of the two-ho who was athome in the room was a slim, well dressed man, wearing his hair parted exactly in the iniddle, and a diamond pin in the sailor ]mot of his tie. He had his frock coat open and his thumbs in the arm holes of his waist coat. The attitude denoted complacency. and the man was complacent. "Well, the funnypart of it is," he whs saying lightly, his shoulders pressed against the mantelpiece, "that I am din ing at the Burton Smiths' this evening." "Ah''? his companion answered, look ing up at him with eyes of envy. "And so you will see her." "Of course. She is to come to them today. But they do not knmow about our engagement yet, and, as she does not want to blurt it out the moment she ar rives, why, for this evening it will be a secret. Still, I thought I would tell you." He stepped away as he spoke to straighten a red morocco covered dis patch box standing on the table behind him. It bore, besides the flaunting gilt capitals, "I. O.," a modest plate with the name "Ernest Wibberley" - his name. The other waited until he resumed his place. Then he answered, holding out his hand: "Yes, I am glad you told me, old boy, and I congratulate you most heartily, believe me." "Thank you, Jack," Wibberley re plied. "I knew you would. I rather feel myself that 'Fate cannot harm me. I-have dined today.' " "Happy dogl" said Jack, and present ly disappeared. The Burton Smiths, whom we heard them mention, are tolerably well known in London. Burton Smith himself is a barrister, with money and many rela tions-Irish landlords, Scotch members, Indian judges and the like. His wife is young, gracious and fond of society. Their drawing rooms on the topmost flat of Onslow mansions-rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozeniquaint nooks and corners-are seldom empty during the regulation hours. This particular dinner party had been plamled with some care. "Lady Lin acro will come no doubt," MIrs.. Burton Smith had said one day at breakfast, conning a list she held in her hand, "and; Mr. May." But Burton Smith objected to May. "He will talk about nothing but India," he protested, "and the superiority of Calcutta over London. A little of these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my dear." . "Well, James," Mrs. Burton Smith replied placidly, the Hon. Vereker May ,is a son of Lord Hawthorn. He will take me in and I do not mind. Only 1 'must have Mr. Wibberley on the other side to make conversation and keep me alive. Let me see-that will ble three.' And Joanna Burton-she comes that aft ernoon-four. Do you know, James, when .we were at Templo Rothley for Christmas I thought there was some thing between your cousin and Mr. Wib- berley?" "Then for goodness' sake do not lot Sthem sit togetherl" Burton Smith cried, "or they will talk to one another and to no one else." "Very well," Mrs. Smith- asserted. "They shall sit opposite to one another, and Mr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galantine. She will be sure toflirt with him,:and we can watch Joanna's face. I shall soon see if. there is anything be tween them.". Mr. Wibberley was a young man of some importancq, if only in his capacity of private secretary to a minister. He had 1,000 acquaintances, and certainly two friends-perhaps three. He might be something some day-was bound to be. He dressed well, looked well and talked well. He was a little presumptu ous, perhaps even a trifle conceited; but women like these things in young men, and he had infinite tact. At any rate he had never yet found himself in a place too straight for him. This evening as he dressed for dinner, as he brushed his hair vigorously or paused to smile at some reflection-his own, but not in the glass-he was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well with him. He had no pre sentiment of evil. He was going to a house where he was appreciated. Mrs.r Burton Smith was a great-ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, some one else. Happy manul "'LadyLinacre," said his hostess as she -'introduced him to astout personage with white hair, a double chin, and diamonds.' SWibljerley bowed, making up his mind that the dowager was one of those ladies Swith strong prejudices, who draw their skirts.together if you prove a home ruler and leave the room if you mention Sir Charles Dilke. "MIr. May you have met: before," Mrs. Smith continued, "and you know Miss Burton, I thinlk" SHe murmured assent, while sheo-Joan na-shook hands with him frankly and quietly, with the ghost of a smile per haps. He played his part well, too,ifor a moment, but halted in his senteimce d" it-flashed across his mind that this was their first meeting since she had said "Yes." He recovered from his moment ary embarrassment, however, before even Mrs. Burtco Smith could note it, and promptly offceed MZrs. Galantine his arm. She was an old friend of his, as friends go in society. He had taken her in to 'dinner-thlat is, half a dozen times. "WTho is that girl?" she asked, when they wero seated; and she raised her glasses \- an stdared through them at her vis-a-vis. "I declare she would be pretty if her nose Were not so short." SHe seized the excuse to put up his glass, too,: and take a loolk., "It is rather. short," he admitted, gazing with a wliim sical sense of property at the defisient organ. "But. some people like short noses, you know, Mrs, Galantine." ~,?'Ahi And theatres in Augusti". she :repliad incredulously. "And dr?awing room gamesl ,And conundrumsl. But; seriously, she would be pretty if it were not for that." "Would she?" he questioned gravely. "Well,, I thiink. she would, db you know?'" And certainly Joanna was pretty, though her forehead was too large, and her nosoe too small, and iher lips too fulL For liher eyes were bright' amid her i com plexion perfect, and her face told of wit,. and good temper, and freshness. She had beautiful arnis, too, for a chit of .10. Mrs. Galantino said nothing about the arms-not out of modesty, but because her own did not form one of her strong points. Wibberley, however, was think ing, of them, and whether a, certain bracelet he had by him would fit theum. Ho saw Joanna wore a bracelet-a sketchy gold thing. He wondered wrheth er J~e should. beg it for a patte-n or whether it might not be more pleasant to measure the wrist for himself. | But Mrs. Galantinot returned to the charge. _ "She is a cousin, is she niot?' she said, spe;aking so loudly that J:onna looked across and smiled. "I have never met her. Tell me all about her." i Tell her all about:; her! \Vibbeiley gasped. He saw a difficulty in telling her "all about her," the more as thd gen eral conversation at the moment was not brisk and Joanna could hear every word. For an instant indeed his presenqe' of mind failed him, and lie cast an appalled glance round the table. But theni he bent to his task. "Mirs. Galantine" lid murmured sweetly, confidentially, "pray -pray beware of becoming a potato!" Zi0 ,murmrtnurc wocnt, while shc-Jonnna -shoo7k 7Lanflds with himif fankl yl . The lady dropped henor Imifo and forS with a clatter., "How horrid!: A. pota to, Mr. Wibberley? What do you mean?". "What I say," he answered simply. "You see my plate? It is a picture, Mrs. Galantine. You have there the manly beef and the feminine peas, so young, so tender! And thopotato! The potato is the confidant. It is insipid. Do you not agree with me?'" "Bravo, Mr. Wibberleyl! But, an Ito apply your parable?' ish&hi; sked&sharply; glancing across the, table wit her fork uplifted and a pea upon it. "Am I to be the potato?" "The choice is with you," he replied gallantly. '"Shall it be the potato or the peas?" .. ;Mrs. Burton Smith, seeoing .i:nso sib. sorbed in his companion, grow puzzled. Look as. often as she might at Joanna, she saw no sign of jealously or self con sciousness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to be getting on perfectly with her partner; to be enjoyiing herself to the full, and to be as much interested as any one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith' sighed, if the truth be known. She had the instinct of match making. And she saw clearly now that there was nothing between the two; that if there had been any philandering at. Temple Rothley neither of the young peopiile had put out a hand-or a heart-boeond recovery. But this success of Wibberley's with Mrs. Galantine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn he grew just a trifle presumptuous.. By ill luck, too, the Hon.' Vereker May had reached that period of the evening when India as seen through the glasses of his mem ory- was accustomed to put on the rosiest tints, and the two, facing one another, fell to debating on.a subject of which the retiirned civilian had"'seen much and thought little,-and the. private secretary had read more and"thought not at all. They were, therefore, about'on a par as to information, and what the younger man lacked of obstinacy he made up by readiness. It was in vain that nabob blustered, asserted, contradicted-finally 'giew sulky, silent; stertorious. Wib berley 'pushed' his. little triumph, and soon, as we shall see, paid dearly, for it. It happened that he was the last. to enter the drawing room. The evening was chilly. The ladies had grouped. themselves about the fire, protected from assault, so to speak, by a couple of gypsy tables bearing shaded lamps. The in comers, one by one, passedthrough these. outworks-all but WVibberley. Ho cast a glance of comic despair at Joanna, who was by the fireplace in the heart of the citidel; and then, resigning lhinmself to separation, he' took a low. chairfby one of the tables, and began indolently to turn over the books which lay on the )latter. There were but: half ia dozen. He scanned them all, and then his: eyes fell ou'd bracelet lying liy tl?em oni the olive green plush-a , sketchy gold brace let with one big boss-Joanna's. He looked up at the party-himself sitting a little aside, as we have said .withs astealthyglance. There were none of them facing his' way. They were dis.' cussing a photograph on-the over mantel, a photograph of children by MZedels sohn. He: stretched his hand out softly and covered the bracelet. He would take it for a pattern"- and to-morrow Joanna should ransom it. He tried, as his fingers closed on-it, to catch her eye. He would have liked to 'sce her face change and her color rise. It: would hat-e added to the faint charm he felt in the boyish, foolish act he was committing if she had been,privy to it, yet unableoto prevent it. But she would not look, and he wus obliged to-be content with his plunder. He slid the gold trifle deftly nmdor.the table and clasped it round: his arm-note a very lusty one-thrusting it as high as It would go, that no movement of his shirt cuff might disclose it. He had a keen sense of the ridiculous, and would idot for all thlie world that any one besides Joanna should know of the act--t:nt doddering old fossil May, for ins:u': who, however, was safe enough, ni;lsu:.. on the rug with his back turned, and i:is .low mind forming an opinion on the photograph. Then--or within a few minutes at any rate-Wibberley began to find the party dull.; He saw small chance 'ofi a private word with Joanna. Lady Liunacre,.his" nearest neighbor, was prosing on to Mrs. Burton Smith, his next nearest.; And? li~ himself, after. shining' at dinner, had fallen into thobackgroi ud. Hang itt he would go! It.was 10 o'clock."' He rose and was stooping across the table, murmuring his excuses to Mrs. Burton Smith, when Lady Linn:re ut tered an 'exclamation.' Ho Hwas leaningi across her, between her: head and the lamp at the moment, and he fancied he had touched her headdress. "Pridy par don sme, Lady Linacro!" he cried gayly. "I am just going-I have to leaveo early -so the encroachment'will be but for a ?moment."' "It is not that,"' the old lady 'replied., "But where is my bracelet?" She Was feeling about the table asr she spoke, 'shifting wvith her' white, podgy hands the half dozen volinries that lay on it. No one on the instant, however, took in, the situation. .' rs. Burton Smith had risci' arid wais listening to Wibberley. The others werti talking. But Lady Lin acre was used to attention, and when she spoke again her voice was shrill and al most; indecently loud.. "W: here is my bracelet?"- she repeated. -"The one with the Agra diamond. tlhat I was; showing you, Mrs. Burton Smith? It was hero a moment ago and it is gone! It is gone!"' :-?ibberloy was still speaking' to .his. hostess. He heard the oldlady's words,; but did not clearly apply:them. !He fin ished his leave taking almost at his leis ure, and only an he turned. recollected himself, and said, with polite solicitude: "What is it, Lady Linacre? Have you dropped something? Can I find it for you . He stooped as he spoko, and she drew her skirt aside, and both peered at the floor, while- there was quite a chorus from those sitting nearest of: "What is it, Lady Linncre? Dear Lady Linacre, what have yoii lost?" "Mfy Agra diamond!" she'replied fuss lly, her head quivering, her fingers grop ing about her dress. ..: . "No?" some one said in: surprise. "Why, it was here a moment ago., T saw it in your hamd." The old ladly held out her' wrists." "See!" she .said feebly, "I have not got -"But are you sure it is not in your lalp"' suggested Burton Smith.. Lady Linncro had :rather an ample lap. .rBy this time- thei attesntion of :the whole party had : been ' drawni to the loss, 'aul? ono'br two of the most prudent were lookiig slightly unicomfortable. ' :"No,".sho aniswered; "I am quite sure 'that I'placed it on the table by my side. I am sure I saw it there.,, I was going to put it; on len w the gentlemen came tin, and I laid it. down just for a minute, and- lit:is gone!.. - -.She .was: quite clear about 'it, and looked "mildly at W?ibberley. for confir mation. The tablo had stood betwein them. Sho'thought he iiust have seen it lying there, Mrs. Burton' Smith being the only ilerson close to the table. Burton Smith saw that look. '"I say, Wibberley,' he. s?aid, appealing to: him, half in fun, half in earnest, "you have not hidden it for a joke, 'old fellow, have, you? C i not." "1? Certainly not." "What is it, Lady LI iiacrc iHavoe you dlroppcpZ somcthingl" To this day Ernest Wibberley wonders when he first made the disagreeable dis covery of what he had done-that he had taken the "wrong bracelet! It was not early. It was. not until the aggrieved owner had twice proclaimed her loss that lhe felt hinisolf redden, and'awoke tothe consciousness that the bracelet was on his own arm. Even then, if he had had instant presence of mind, he might have extricated hlimself. Hle might have said at: onc,;:"By Jovel I think: Islipped it on my wrist in' pure absence of mind," or made some other excuse for his pos session of it which would have passed muster, though one. or tWo right have' thought him odd. But time was every thing, .such'r excuses to ?avail must .be made iLatonco, aundliho hesitated. He hated,to. seem. odd, even to one or two, and he thought that 'presently he might find some'chaice of restoring the brace lot?iitliout being detected. S ho hesi tated, peering. at theo. carpet, and the golden opportunity passed him by. Then each moment made the avowal more dit= flault and,less possible, until, when his 'host appealed to him, "If you hiavo'hid= den it for a joke, old, fellow, out with it," hehad no choice-or it seemed to his' nueasy conscience that ho had no choice -but to answer as lie did. Ho loolcld iip indeedil th admirably acted surprise and said his-"I? Certainly notl" omewhat peremptorily. Half a dozen of the' guests were i peer ing stupidly about, as if, they expected to find the lost article in a flower vase or within the globe of a lamp. Presently; their hostess stayed these explorationa "Walt.& moment!" she cricd abruptly, raising her head. "I have itt" "Well?" eagerly from several. "John must have moved it when he brought in the tea. That must be it. Ring the bell, James. and we will ask him." So it was done. John camoin and the question was put to him. "'Yes, sir," he safd readily. "I saw a bracelet. On this table, by the lamp." He indicated the table near Lady Lin acre. "Did you move it?" "Move it, sir?"-tho man repeated, sir. prised by the question, the silence, and the strained faces turned to him. "No, air; certainly not. I only saw it when 1 was handing the tea to-to Mr. Wibber Icy, I think it was." "Ah, very well," his master answered. "That is all. You may go." Y:It.was not .possible indeed to doubt the man's face and manner. But when lie lihad left the room an uncomfortable silence ensued. "It is very stirange," Burton Smith said'at last, lookinig from one;to another, and then, for the twen tieth time, groping under the tabeo. "It is very strange," Wibberloy mur mured. He felt bound to say. some 'thiig: He could 'not fi himself fromn an idea that.the:others and particularly the Indian civilian were casting special looli? A ait himni. - o'He appeared calm eeioigh, biit lie could-'no b?b sure' of this. He felt rather as if le iero each' instant changing color" and betraying himself to overy eye. His very voice sounided forced to his car as he repeated fussilyi "It is very odd-very "?dd! Where can it be?" "It cost," Lady Linacre. quavered, irrelevantly, but by no means imperti nently, "it cost 14,000 out":there. ..In deed it did. And that was before itvius set." h'T7Tliushi io of ai ofelliupeno the room. "Fourteen tliousand' pounds," Burton Smith said softly, his hair rising oi;enid. "No, no," said the old lady, who 'had not intenided this mystification. "Not pounds-rupees." f: "I .understand," ;ho replio, rulbbing his head. !'But that is a good suim." "It is o6vr £1,000," the Indian civilian put in, stonily, "iat the present rate .of. exclmange.' . "But, good gracious, Jamoes!" Mrs. Burton Smith said impatiently, "why aro you valuing Lady Linacre's jewelry instead of finding it for her? The ques tion is, 'Where is it?' It must be here. It was on this table fifteen' minutes ago. It cannot have been spirited away."' ' If any one," her husband began so-' riously,; "is doing this for a joke, I do hope" "For a joke!" the hostess cried sharp ly. "Impossiblel" "I say, my dear,' he persisted, "if any one is doing this for a joke I hope he will own up. , It seems to me that it has been carried far enough." There was-a chorus of, assent,-h?lf in dignant, half exculpatory. But id 'one' owned to the joke., No one produced' the bracelot. "'Well, I never!", Mrs. Burton Smith exclaimed. And as the company lodked at one another it seemed as if ,they,also had iever lmown anything :iquites6 ex traordinary as this. ' ' "Really, Lady Linacre, I think that it must be sonmewhere about you," said the' 'host.at last. "Would you mnind giving yourself at good p.'akeo?. She rose and was solemnily preparing to agitate her skirts when a guest inter 'fered. It' was the Hon. Vereker May. "You need not trouble yourself; Lady Linitcre," he said, with a':curious dry iess.' 'He was still standing by the fire place:. "It is notabout you." "Tohen where in the world is it?" re torted Mrs. Galantine. "Do'?ou know??" "If you do, for goodness sake speak out," Mrs. Burton Smith added indig nantly, .while 'every one turned .and stared at the civilian. "You had better," he said, "ask Mr. Wibborley!" That was all. But something in' his tone prodicesd ln electrical . effect on every one. Joanna in lier corner--re mote, like the Indiant.from the center of the disturbance-- turned red and palo and flashed angry 'glances round her. For the rest, they wished 'themselves away. It was impossible to misunderstand the insinuation.: Tlhe words, simple as they were, had in a nioment lit a graver com plexion on the matter. Even Mrs. Brus ton Smith was; 'silonced, looking' to her husband. lie looked, furtively at Wib berley. And Wibberley? Up to this moment he had merely thought himself in an un pleasant fix, from which.he must escape as liest he couhld, it tho expense of a little embarrassment, a slight loss of 'self re spect.: Even the latter he might regain to-morrow, if he saw, fit, by telling the truth to Mrs. Burton Smith, and in timhne the whole thing would become a subject of laughter, a stock dinner anecdote. But now-now at the first sound of the Indimn's voice, hlie recognized his danger, and saw clearly in the hundredth part of a second that ruin, social damiation, per' haps worse, threatened him. His :pres ence of mind seemed to fail him suddenly at sight of the pit opening at his feet. He felt himnself reeling, choking, Iis head surcharged -with blood. The room, the expectant faces all turned to him, all with that strange expression on them, swam iound lbefore him. He had to lay bian hand on a chair to steady himself. "But he did steady himself,' so far flat those who marked his agitation did not know whether it proceeded from nnuger or fear. He drew himself up and looke4' straight athis accuser, holding the chair nsuspended in his handas. "What do you mean?" he said hoarsely. "'I should not have spoken," thIe civilian continued, returning his gaze and:spoal. ing it cool, measured ariccents;,"if Bui' ;ton Smith had not twice aPlinealed to us if aiy j6dke was beinig played?'to confess to " It." : ' "Well, only this," the old gentlieman replied;' "that I saw yonu ':yoiurself take Lady Linacro's bracelet from that table .a few moments beforeo it was missed, Mr, Wiblerle." "You saw min?" criledWib1rie3 This time there was the ring of honest deff ance, of indignant innocbncb, inhlis toin.I' 