ALL THE IiOKKOKS. (From tbe Daily News.) I The ambition frankly avowed l-y Tiie Fat Boy has in most ages been yielded tn by novelists. Tbey have wanted to make our blood run cold ; and tbey have suc ceeded. But wbat raises the bBlr of one generation doeB not alarm anot tier genera tion at all. Mr. Saintshury, in 11 Tales of Mystery,' offer* extracts from the curd ling romances of Mrs. Ridoliffn. Maurln. and Monk Lewis. They frightened our great-great-granduinlhers (it is a shame, as Oldbuck says, that we possess uo shorter word for bo ancestress wn hBV« such frequent occasion to speak ofl, hut they would not alarm an infant nf toduy. Will tbe time arrive wben Hheridan Le Fanu ceases to terrify, aud when tiie ' Life and Death of Thrawn Janet,' as recounted by Mr. Stevenson, will merely provoke a smile? When the lawyer and the butler are outside Dr. Joykll's door, an-l bear something stirring within, we shudder; but we never shudder over poor Mrs. Radcliffe's corpses, palls, monks, draughty passages, scarlet curtains, aud tout le tremblemmt, bb Mr. Saintsbury flippantly quotes the French -diom. What causes this lack of emotion? If we are still agreeably alarmed wben the dead Janet walks through the house In tbe 'town' and sultry stillness of tbe black summer midnight ; if we look cautiously around bb we peruse ' Uucle Silas if, ex hypothesi, we can be frlghleueii, why do tbe old HiithorB and horrors only bore us ? It iB certainly not a fair chance tbat they bave lo extracts. Mr. Haintsbury, too, is an unsympathetic, eceptic»l editor ; he is not terrified, he neither be lieves nor trembles. Doubtless tbe ' Mysteries of Udalpbo' should ue read late al nlgbt, by a waning candle, in some such castle as Glarnfa nr Duuvegau ; ttiey should not be read in a railway carriage, and by way of extract-). Yet, with all advantages, the shudder has departed from Mrs. Radcliffe. Born in 1704, and busy wilb novels only for seven years, Mrs. Radcliffe set a fashion— a fashion of whicb, 'Franken- stein ' in earnest, and ' Nortbanger Abbey' for diversion, are tbe mo;t per manent fruits. Monk Lewis foilowtu the fashion. Maturln followed it. Byron begen a novel of the terrible, only a chap ter was finished, but tbat sketch is worth all that the Radcliffe school ever pro duced. No one wbo has read it forgets ; that excellent opening, the dying man. the Asian solitude, tbe mystic bird with tbe serpent in hiB beak, among tbe tombr. Mrs. Radcliffe's effects are familiar Sbe always has a vast, black, windy, Italian castle, peopled by bandits. She always bas on innocent heroine. Tiie innocent heroine's candle is constantly blown out In long dark corridors wnero doors ciaug, and voices whisper, and ba's flit. There are curtains concealing nameless horrors, there is blood dripping from Ibe wol^s there are monks, and oaths, and the In quisition. The heroine constantly faints, or Isms for support on things in general. Tripod lamps bang from tbe vaulted roofs, aod month-old corpses weeping tents ot blood are standing here and there against tbe wall. Yet we feel ' more tban usual calm.' In Monk Lewis's book the Deuce appears, hoarse with a bad cold, and does not Inspire any emotion but ridicule aod coutempt. . All the moving panels and winking pictures, and secret passages, and wax figures, and tbe rest nf it, are quite played out and obsolete. Yet Scett eaid Mrs. Radclffe 'ebould never be mentioned without tbe high respect due to genius,' and Mr. Saintsbury sees genius InMaturln. Is the appalling then so evanescent ? Is Mr. Kipling's 'End of the Passage ' really a feeble plese nf facetlousness, and is there nothing lo curdle the blood in Sheridan Le Fanu's 'Green Tea?' Will tbe day come wben Lhe ' Fall of tbe House of Usher ' can be dismissed with a weary enaile? Literature is so mucb a matter of fashion, of tbe sentiment of tbe hour, that we cannot answer these questions. In 1820 people were already laughing, where their ancestors had wept over Mackenzie's ' Man nf Feeling,' just as they were shocked, where tbeir fathers bad been deeply impressed, by Mrs. Apbra Rehn. Yet we may urge that Mrs. Radcliffe does not do ber spiriting well. Sbe shrinks from the actual super natural. sbe explains ber horrors away, she protracts the agony, and while some thing very awful is forever going to occur it never does oci'ur. Tbe favourite char acter of Monk Lewis bas suffered from tbe scepticism of the age, we may say, - but then he is etili awful wben becomes for ' Thrawn Janet.' May we not urge that, in tbe case of Mr. Stevensou's story, the effect is produced by an imagination which restores historical fact? Doubt less, Tbe Black Man, ' Tbe Accuser of the Brethren,' never haunted a Scotch manse, nor madeepoil of a paralytio old housekeeper. But it Ib certain tbat tbe Cameroufans and their descendants be lieved in bII this. All tblB was true for tbem. Mr. Stevenson's art makes tbe people of tbe parish live before ub; be createB tbe minister so tbat we can be lieve in bim and share bis emotions ; be produces in our minds the atmospheric and spiritual effects of a night of horror, so tbat weBre reborn into tbe seventeenth century, into a village among the bills, and we feel wbat its natives felt. Now neither Mrs. Radcliffe nor Monk Lewis nor Maturin can thus call up the past again, and make us sympathisers with Scbedoni, or Emily, or ' Tbe Wanderer,' who, by tbe way, fallB Into extreme old In a moment. Tbe wbl8tleoftbe ape, Major Weir, in ' Wan dering Willie's Tale,' is more dreadful tban all tbe corpses, and veils, and clang ing doors of tbe CaBtle of Udolpbo. Nay, Vernon Lee bas made a most horrible effeot by showing us no ghost (in 'Tbe Pbantom Lover') where we expected lo find a gbost than she could bave done by turn! nglooae a wbole cemetery of speotres. Monk Lewis, Mrs. Radcliffe, and tbe rest, harped too long on one string. Tbey weakened expectancy, and Lewis was lu floltely too explicit wltb bis Lucifer. His Prince of Darbuess wbb not a gentle man. Tbus these authors have lust tbelr vogue and tbeir grip, but tbe odd, inex plicable tblug is that tbey once bad a grip on readers. Perhaps tbe sbifilngsof taste are inexplicable, and perbaps, In a generation Poe and Le Fanu will have! lost tbelr spell. On the otber baud.] ' Tbe ConfeBslnos of a Justified Sinner,' j by tbe JSttrlck Shepherd, quite failed to 1 terrify bis generation. Yet tbe boo|t bad the spell, and whoever cares to exbume ; and read it will admit that tbe Shepherd is still able to 'gar you a' grue,' as be would bave said himself. But bis work would lose nothing by abridgement, and wby Bbould not Mr. Saintsbury add this curious little masterpiece to ' Tbe Pocket Library.' Note,— During tbe Sale, the making* up of Costumes and Gowns will also be at reduced prices, aod patterns, quota tlnus, aud self-measurement forms sent to say address on application. Doonao it, Hanley, Kent street. Drink the Assam and Darjeellng Company's Pure lodlan Packet Teas, Tbey. are all tbe rage in Victoria, and In great request In tbe adjoining colonies. The portrait of the Empress of lodla ,'Kslser-l-Hlnd). Refuse all others. Bud inferior imitations. Ask your tea dealer for It, 