SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. (CojttjtyjSt.) By an M.D. luthor of ' Under a Spell,' ' Victoria Cross Valour,' 'Science and Sin,' 'In Love with a Ghost,' ? Condemncd_toJDcatlif ' 3m., lea. . CHAPTER XII. . A GENTLE ZEPHYR. From the first day of the return of my malady [ pursued a rapidly downward course, and with fatal swiftness began to regard the world and my fellow-men as things too far removed from mo to afford me the least interest. In fact, I was con scious that tho mental aberration took exactly the same lines as it did; before. / 1. became of age. I noted, perhaps, one slight difference, and it was that I madu feebler efforts than formerly to struggle out of this unreal existence. This passivenoss was probably due to an impression that my life was lrretricviiuir. oursea, ana mac, as a necessary con sequence, Ethel would never be mine.. Having adopted such a pessimistic belief, it can readily bo imagined how easy it was for mo to abstract all sympathy from mankind, and even to regard Ethel herself with more of melancholy regret than of passionate fervour. 'Good or Evil, life, Powers, passions, all I see in other beings, Havo been to mo as rain unto tlin sands.' The thoughts, aspirations, affections, and doings of other people failed to ponetrato tho. mad despair which encrusted my heart with an apathy too strong to allow it to bo moistened into life again by the genial slmwers of human kindness and benevolence. Knowing little or nothing of. what transpired during those days of utter darkness, I havo had recourse to Ethel's diary for information, and ; the few extracts I have inado from it will serve to shew tlio neuvy niiiiisninem; i iiau to unuergo tor urcaKing ,my appointment with Rochester, and— wb.it is most pleasing to me — it demonstrates1 the pure, unselfish love of sweet Ethel Brandon. Gleanings fuom Ethel Buanoov's Diaet.. November 21st. — I have been too happy — havs enjoyed too lavishly the beautiful present— to have bad a thought about, what evil the future might bring. In a few short hours, disaster has swept my heart bare of all ils^tcnderncss' anil sympathy,' and ' left in their places naught but rebellious despair. Why should Nature have smiled so sweetly, upon me, if she intended to plant her poisoned arrows in my he.irt, and tear it, with her whirlwinds of1, cruelty? Why should she havo lulled me into per-1 feet rest, and then, in a moment, have, struck down a life I love belter limn my own? She would have shewn rfв had she extinguished the vital spark ' for ever, instead of leaving it'lo indicate, more clearly poor Gerald's darkened intellect. Nature is cruel, life is a wasting fever of aspirations never to be accomplished, and Earth is the abiding place of wretchedness. The few pleasures I have, snatched only serve to deepen the abyss of misery into which I have fallen, and from whose yawning guK there : is no escape. Even man, the product of '.Nature, cannot free himself from her vile invpiess; she cramps his views, and, where bu might expand into sympatny, sue eruslies mm DacK to surlclom oy suggesting that such an einot ion would be., contrary to his self-interest. Thus it happens t that my brother Jack,, Gerald's oldest, friend, , received the fatal news with cold astonishment, and hnlfan hour afterwards was in my room urging me to give. . up a madman and encourage Sir Charles Morton, ?who, he said, bad been dangling after me lor weeks! Adam -jra3' is every bifas callous, in spite of the mock tear which stood in his eye as be told me. the sad intelligence. Notwithstanding Gerald's affection for him, I begin to think that I almost hati} this uncle, with his wringing of hands and tremulous voice, assumed for tho purpose of bring ing his deep feelings to the surface Stricken .with grief as f was, I could not help .noticing that his whole manner was too '-stagey' to be. the outcome of genuine emotion, whilst every now and as^ain a faint gleam of triumph marred his marvellously fine, acting. Hut why should this mxti lejoicc over ? the pitiful condition of his nephew, whom he lias brought up liko a son from hia earliest childhood? Am 1 not, gettijig as cruel as Nature in peimitting my 'distraught mind to imagine, such evil -things of the guardian of my darling's youthful days? I cannot think now without distorting the .notions of everyone aiound me. It is all too dreadful '. Ah I Would that I could get1 a brief forget) ulcss fiom this weary world oC woe. November 22nd. — I have been permitted to see' poor (ierald. Thirty-six hours ago be. w.is hand some, blight, and winnim; enough to take any woman's heart by storm, but now he can only, grouse a glance, of pity at sight of such a splendid manhood in such irretrievable ruin. His once sparkling eyes arc lack-lustre; bin morry smile is replaced by an awful look of despondency ; his con versation is laden with fearful apprehensions which never cease to urge him to seek refuge in death. How 1 dread the minutes as they go so slowly, for fear that thi'dc prompting!) to sclf dcstriictiou should suddenly become too strung for bis will. j November 25th. — Gerald has some consolation in the midst of bis terrible mental sufferings. 1 was clad that I was nresent to-dav duriiur one of bis paroxysms of exaltation, for his faoc became com pletely transfigured, arid looked like that of aii angel basking in ethereal happiness. When be r'e . covered, ho told me that the gates of Heaven lia'.i ? been opened, and he. had passed in to enjoy a lnii'l, ?respite from the overwh lining despair of bis , earlh-lifo. T learnt from him that,, much of bis melancholy, moodincss resulted from the fearful contrast between his present, existence and the un speakable joys of Elysium. I'oor darling! lie added 'that my presence helped to mitigate the severity ol the gloom, and I promised to be with him as often as he wished. Yielding to his solicitation that I would stay to lunch and sit with him again in the afternoon,, I accompanied the housekeeper , down stairs, and in doing .so passed the half-opened door of Sir. Gray's library. The casual glanru that, 1 .gavo revealed Mr. Gray's presence within, so, taking advantage, of our intimacy, I went forward1 to greet him. His back was turned to me, and Hie soft yielding carpet so deadened the .sound of my footsteps that he only discovered niy proximity by catching sight of my rellecliou in a mirror. I hardly expected that so l.uuilhir a face a-- mine would givu him such a fright ! Hut tin' instant he recognised mo lie started violently, dioppcd a little glass bottle precipitately into a box 'hiil'ore.him, where, it fell with the ominous rattle ot'.- breakage, ? and then closed thu lid abruptly, but ot 'quickly enough to prevent a heavy naicotic odour from per meating the air of tliu roam! 'How I have startled you!' I exclaimed, laugh-' iugly.' Hut, as ho slowly turned a haggard, terrified fa'JB towards me, this laughter died Innii my lips an 1 gave place to anxiety. ??AVhal. is the matter ?' 1 asked hi very di H'cmit tones'. 'Let mu. ring, for ' brandy ? ' ... I . ? ' . t ''No!' he. answered,1 hurrying, more firmly than 1 could have expected, to prevent my ringing ? the bell. 'I am better now, but promise me to conceal from Gerald thu sharp attack you ,, havy, just witnessed? Poor boy! lie has onoiiith to eiulino on his own account, and 1 am not si'llisli enough to wish - lo aeltl , another burden to' bin affectionate ' nature. 'Tho truth is, Ethel, that I have beon sub ject, (o spasms of the heart — 'angina pe.ctorin ' the doctors call it — for some time past, and til' only ' remedy 'which affords relief U the powerful'' drug whose odour is now diffused throughout, the room, I had just' taken a dose when I saw your 'fact; behind mj' shoulder, and in thu weak st.ilo of,' my nerve'.0 ' became frightened at your sudden app.u ition, and r foolishly dropped thu precious boltlo!''. ?? , 'I r.m so sorry !''-! ejaculated, -touched at his kind wish .to conceal his serious coudit ion . from poor 'Gerald., That little- bit. of unse.lfislme.s5 has ..sent him up many ? degrees in my ^ estimation, although I am somewhat uu/./.led at an answer lie jjiivu lo! a) simple question 1 iislied him ii few' minutes Inter. It was brought about in this' way. My'' 'ilt-ar' old friend Mrs. Jeffrey suffer.-, cri'iully from 'angina pectoris,' from which she gets only sc.jlit reli'i;f by the u»o of Amyl nitrite1. Na^i)ially' uiimouh1 /to learn tho name, of any new drug which 'might prove' of greater benefit to the oljl.lady, 1 itnkcVi.Mr..Gr..y what substance it.was he. used (luring his attacks., 'Amyl nitrite,' was the answer I got, ./ , ' : .,)i', ? ? '? '' ' . ' . ITow, on sovaral occasions I had broken the cap« Ailes which contained the drug, when Mrs. Jeffrey had been seized too suddenly to do so herself, and I therefore was so well acquainted with its odour that I know at once Mr. Gray's Amyl nitrite was totally different from my friend's, and I pointed out this dissimilarity. Mr. Gray, with moro hesitation than necessary, corrected his first statement by saying that bin Amyl was mixed with other narcotics to increase its potency, and after promising to let me hive tha prescription for the benefit of my friend, the sub ject dropped. I should never have allowed myself to be puzzled over so simplo a matter, had it not been for the shiftiness and hesitancy, mingled with , an expres sion of alarm, with which Gerald's .uncle nude his correction. To my mind, them ? senms something ? untrue about this man, even in bis niomehlisiof . suffering. Had the. above conversation taken place between ino and anyone, else, I should 'not htivn attached the smallest importance; to the. curious weaknesses displayed by Adam Gray ; yet here am I, writing my diary at midnight, puzzled and per plexed with vague fears becauso Gerald's only .j re- lative cannot amend a statement in the . plain, , straightforward way adopted by all honcst: men. TVwl I nnfc h:ivr» n. snqnu'.inn thnf'. a. faint; ipleam . nt' triumph flitted over bis face when ho told mo afe»' days ago of Gerald's sad condition ?? Can it be that he secretly rejoices over his nephew's awful illness ? that he ? . Oh God ! Save me frohi imagining such, wild,' wicked, horrible things! I cannot commit' such diabolical thoughts to paper, and I silently, , earnestly, plead for your pardon^ Adam', Gray, ..for ever having dared to permit them, to leap into consciousness ! December 5th.— Gerald is getting: worse and Forsc, and I firmly believe that if his repeated Attacks of frenzied delirium are not stopped within a very few days, ho will not live to see the new year. Ho has got rapidly worse since Dr. Kerr was insultingly dismissed a week ago. I am sure I ,am right in making use. of tho word 'insultingly' in connection with this clever young practitioner's dismissal, for it simply arose from Adam Gray's choosing to dissent' from Mr. Kerr's advice. The doctor confessed that ? ho was exceedingly puz/.led by certain anomalous symptoms exhibited by tho patient, which', he asserted raised the case from the category of mental disease to that of somo peculiar influence, operating upon the physical system and producing bodily exhaustion coupled with alternate stagnation and stimulation of tho brain. Arguing from the curative result which attended Gerald's sojourn in Paris, he urgently advised change of air, ? aud offered to place his patient in a comfortable privatei asylum kept by a friend of bis at tho seaside! J' Of course,' bo added, 'there will be.no difficulty about the certificates, for the old ones still remain in. force.' , At first Adam Gray said ho would . consider tho proposal, but as several days elapsed without Iub making up his mind,. Dr. Kerr then spoko so do «idfi(l!v iiDon tliu noint that bo besanto bluster and hint that the doctor's opinion was that of an ignoramus. Professional pride being thus aroused, the doctor emphatically declared that if bis' advice was neglected, the case would turn out badly.1 Then began a b.ittlo of words, which' ended in Mr. Gray assorting bis conviction that Dr. Kwr had misunder stood his patient, from tho beginning, dismissing him , from all furtl^' attendance, and declaring bis in ' tent ion of publishing his malpractice throughout Iho , neighbourhood, so as lo prevent other' unfortunate pcoplr- being done to death by his ignorance!, ?? .'-. Kerr was silenced by this torrent of 'ill-bred' wivective, but when .Adam Gray paused for want , tX breath, he pithily remarked that the first atom of scandal would ensure ;m action for liVpl. Then be turned on his heel and left the house. ' Dr. Kerr's successor is an elderly, shabby looking man, disinterred from the purlieus of the East End, who ''sirs' and ''misses'' everyone ad nauseam. lie is an oily- faced hypocrite, -who, I believe, would sell bis own father for a few pieces of gold. It is a mystery to mo how such an illiterate, vulgar man, , could ever have entered the medical profes sion. Yet I am assured that, a red lamp over bi3 surgery announces tho fact that in addition to, his giving advice gratis and a bottle of medicine .for a shilling, ho is an M.R.C.S. and L.S.A. Heaven help a piofesiion which can tolerate such members ? in its midst, and Heaven help poor Gerald who baa fallen into such hands. Mr. Gray professes himself well satisliedat tin: change, and therefore Isupposo' I ought, to be also, but 1 am not\ Those- horribly, wicked thoughts which suddenly t possessed me more than, a week ago still haunt me, notwithstanding my efforts to suppress them. Indeed, I' fear that Adam Gray's treatment of Dr. Kerr has intensified them. Why should tho idea of Gerald l)»in™ removed from his charge have aroused in him such uncontrollable fury, aud have urged him to insult and dismiss the man who gave the. advice in all sincerity? Does ho 'feel that Gerald would ba safer away from him tliau with him, and is that drug,he misnamed Amyl 'a poison, which is ? lie merciful, 0 Heaven, and keep my brain from creating such cruel, wrongful thoughts against my darling's relative, who can only bo anxious for the recovery of one ho had nurtured and cherished from infancy. Fearful despondency and bitter 'griuf 'havo unhinged my mind,' and made me .suspicious against the man 'who must love him dearly., December Gth. — Lady Clitheroe called this after noon and expressed herself, shocked at my pale, sad looks. She insisted on taking. me homo with. her in. tho'carnugc hoping, kind-hearted woman that she' is, to wean mo from my misery by passing'an evening in her bright, cheerful society. Shortly after dinner several' visitors were announced,' amongst ' them being a Mr. iiochester, whom I remembered to'have ni't, here once before. I was a little chagrined at having my quiet lete-d-tete broken up, for society had become hateful to me whilst. Gerald was- in so. precarious a state, and I made up my mind to leave1 quictlylas Boon as 1 conveniently could. - , Whilst Lady Olithe'i-oo'was flitting. about amongst ' her guests, I'relired apart from the rest, and seated myself upon a low chair by the open door of 'a con servatory, from which emanated the 'delicious' fragrance of rare exotic plants in full bloom. I had not, been there more than . a minute, when ' Mr. llochopter sauntered , towards me,, and., claiming, acquaintance,' commenced a conversation ,' full of charm and animation. His power. .. of. i memory must l)e great, for although be. had only' seen nio once before, ho yel remembered that I 'was engaged to Gerald Gr.iy, after whom he made inquirios. Tho' i-ini'iitio'u'of his name so affected' mo that' I 'could .not restrain mv {ears. ',,,', ' 't .,', ,', '' 'Pardon tho iiidiscrciibn of my question,' aii'd] .UI. lluulll'hLl'l , III a !3Ult, DJiiipabiiui.il.. - uiyL . , i.' could not guess that. his name .would,, cause you so ' much grief.' ' -' - - ? ? ' ! , ? ?'?'- ? '?, l--n - ?(.. ??His is dying, dying I ''Iiansworedjiin',agouised accents. 'Hi-, mental fliscase'lKis'rotiiriied.'and ho' exhausl.s'liini that; bo 'cannot live' a' monlli'longer.' ? ' Mr., Rochester staro'd at ino aghast? Tlifcii be asked, 'With whom is he living?', ,' ,t . _ /'^ 'f)1', '.With his uncle,;1 1 replied! ,'..-,, . .,' ,,,,.', ' ,.,..,, * 'U'ith his uncle !'' repeated Mr. nochostpr, .with', a peculiar look o:i his lace. 'Is not this uncle his sole relative '/'' -' - ? ?? - -s - ? i ' ? -He is.' ' _ ; -''?'..;? :! . ? )-, In' a grave,' sympathetic' manner, which was very southing to my highly-strung nerves, lid'dsked'a few' imiii1 ipicstions concerning Hie symptoms ot'Gcrald's delirium, Which 1 answered voluminously.', 'His ?wh'jlo beiitg so invited confidence, and 1, was so ,pleas.)d at having ,a congenial spirit, to whom I ' could lalki'tibout this 'all-absorbing topic, time I think I must have told hinvovery minute incident 'conxepted with1 tho illness, including' Dr; Korr's dismissal, and'oven tlui opls'odo of tho Amyl: When . I cauie'to an uud,of 'my prolix recital,' I' looked up aii'l was surprised to see an, air of intense,' sternness* . pervade, my companion's face. ,' His , Hp3 moved as ' if hittwas about to.say something, but lio evidently thoiujht belter of, it,' land; closed his .mouth , so lightly lhat his aiigry appearance - almost frightened ini-r?'At last'ho spoUiyand in his usual quift'toncs. ?' , 'iV'H call upon'MivGeiMld-Gray to-morrow. Ho1 has 'been' to' my/chambers' and' has shewn a desire',' fpr, my', frie'*'lsbV ' i' _ will, endeavour to ri'ijuitc his' regard by, leaving lib .stone unturned to ' clfiicl hiS'Ciire.. 'It will bo a, great aid to me if I could obtain, Dr. Kerr's address, -and get at his.roai opinion of the case.'' ? -? ' ?- . .: . ' . ? I eagerly furnished' tho ^direction, and thon Mr. Roshustvr', changed-' the' subject by offering to narrate. J-o me soinu singular experience's lie wenb through during his slay in. India. I imagine that his object in volunteering to tell me. certain event3 connected with himself, was to distract my atten tion from the painfu! train of thought conjured up by Gerald's; hopeless condition. Yet it was strange that ' he chose a recital replete with l.orror, and that bis words evoked more powerfully than , ever my fearful suspicions against Adam Gray. I will write down iv brief epitome1 of what be told mi1, and will read it again a week hence, in order to see. whether my .overwhelming anxiety for Gerald is alone answerable for tho weird and awful ideas Mr.'.'Kochester's talu has so unfortunately strengthened. , After Sir. *Rochester had been successful in secur ing an acquittal for his Asiatic client, the Kajah, in the excess of his gratitude, carried him oft' to bo an honoured guest' at Ilrahmapore, and it was , here that his eyes More first opened to the vile character of his host. 1 Although some of the inci dents ho wit nesse'd. Sycrc sufficiently horrible, yet I must, pass them oyer as they have no connection with Gerald or with the awful ideas that his narra tive wised in ' my,', mind ; the-so first began, to suggest themselves ..whilst Mr. Itochester was describing a hunting' adventure, during which he got separated from his party and became lost in the i^juugle. Without a single cartridgo left to protect himself from wild animals, ho wandered about vainly seeking to regain the lost track, when dark ness overtook him, and ' forced him to sit down and wait for the coming, of another day. About an hour after this, his solitude was invaded by the advent of abOut^thirty natives, who came silently into tliclittlo open glade in front of Iiim, lighted a large firej and' commenced simmering a quantity . ol dark/ berries' which - they had evidently just picked. Whilst this was going on, a low, mono* 'tonous chant was intoned to- the honour of their goddess Uhimatra, the beloved daughter of Siva the ? Destroyer. Unfortunately for Mr. Rochester, an inativei tent movement on his part led to bis dis covery, and bo was dragged from his hidingplace and condemned to death for - haying violated the; mysteries of sacred .Uhimatra! His .presence ot mind saved his life, for, having noticed that a sort of loving ciip hadilleen handed round with greats ee-i oniony, ho suddenly snatched the cup from a mau.'s band and drained 'it to the dregs. The idea, which prompted him to do this action, was correct, and he was delighted to find that it had established 3, brotherhood between : them— nay, more, for now be must be initiated into the my»teries and b» made acquainted with every secret connected with tliu sect. Uriclly, the doctrine of bis new faith was this — that, armed with Hhimatiu's poisonous gilt, it was incumbent on him to destroy as many human lives as possible. Hospitality or friendship could not avail to save the victims, and only one's n.-arest kith and kin were' exempt from the god dess's insatiable thirst for,'de'stniction. Mr. Uochcsl or/then described the .curious effect of small doses of the 'drug be'had drunk to save his life,, and, strangely enough, his description tallied entirely with the symptoms so often witnessed in pooi (Jcrald. I shuddered as I pondered upon the extra ordinary coincidence, but J almost shrieked with excitement when Mr. Rochester went on to tell me that only one other European besides himself had. 'ever been a member of this murderous fraternity,, and he was a Colonel Gray; the father in all pro bability of my Gerald! 'Good heavens, 'Mr. Rochester,' I exclaimed, startled into speech, 'what, fearful connection are you trying lo draw between Gerald's illness, and ' Stop !' answered my companion gently. ' Do not attempt to rack your brains with wild conjecture. I have merely told you an anecdote connected with myself. Jiut I will see Mr. Gerald Gray to-morrow, and I believe my . interview v/ill give you good cause to hope, and will very, shortly^ restore those smiles which, if I may bci permitted to.pass a com pliment, form one of your chief charms.' There! I have written it, even to Mr. Rochester'* pretty compliment. ' I eldest that ? sort of tHing as a rule, but praise from that brilliant barrister is a. very different matter to the mawkish sentiment uttered in heartbroken accents by Sir Charles Morton and otheis of that ilk! I do believe I feel ?jctter for having 'written' down all that Mr. Rochester' said to mo, for 1 seem to aec a loophole, of escape yet' for niy darling. In future, where doctors tail, I think 1 will call in » barrister! Bufc this gleam of hope is malting mo frivolous. I have forgotten, for a moment, -the awful, suspicions engendered, or rather strengthened, by that Indian lule. ' Only a few mouths'1 ago, vl; looked upon the world aud its inhabitants as good and kind. How I at ally Disillusion dogs the footsteps of youthful innocence, and converts its Paradise slowly but nirely into a den of thieves who struggle, fight, and murder, 'solely to secures the gold necessary for luxurious existence ! December 9th. — Ought I to bo glad or sorry? Ought I, to weep frantic tears of grief, or burst into wild exuberant paroxysms, of delight? Calm, dispas sionate thought is utterly out of the question, for Gerald has gone — has gone into the night and left no sign. At 9 o'clock this morning, Adam Gray was announced, looking more, liko -a ferocious animal bi ought to bay than a, human being. 'Where is 'Gerald? Where is Gerald ?' -he burst out with a3 soon as he saw me. ?'?His bod was not even slept in last night. In his condition, I feel almost con ' vineed that he would have come to you. Now, Ktbcl, if you 'are hiding him, let mo know and thus relieve the fearful anxiety which is consuming me.' 'But I have not seen'liim,' I answered.- 'I know no more about him than you do.': ? 'He must be recaptured at all costs,' said Adam Gray, stamping his -foot more in fury than ze , soi row. '1 will seWhe police on his track.' '? Is it not rather premature, rather unwise, to do that?' I asked, naturally 'shrinking from any stops being taken which, would publish abroad Gerald's infirmity. f ' He tiiriio'l on, m^mosfc insultingly. 'How dars you dictate to me? Remember, you' are not his 'wife yet. What do; you mean to insinuate by asserting that my proposed action is unwise ?' I bur3t into tears, and whilst I was indulging in ' this relief to, my feelings, Adam Gray took bis do« parture. CTo It continued.) A mmancd body of, ladies recently listoned to \ lecture on a somewhat di/Hciilt subject — tho colibacy . of the future. While agreeing with tho lecturer's ! main principle that one has duties to posterity, they evidontly did not hail with joy tho prospect ofaolass 'doomed becauso of weak physiyuo to colibacy, and immiired in cloisters or monasteries with bard 'manual or mental labour as an outlet for their 1 natural omotions. Who shall decido which of us aro to ho celibates ? asked ono lady. Who will choose, to eiitor such retreats and dwell under a stigma ? asked another, evidently not to be beguiled by tho picture. ? of ii enhn and honourable haven f«r from tho ' mad ding crowd,' and the privilege of guiding the world's thought by great works and scicntilic discoveries, which were to compensate the, celibates for lack of doui'cslio happiness. Tun mania for old silver continues, and Cnrncolian girdles are the latest desire of tho collector. Tlicso girdles aro of beautiful workmanship, and made in altornato linl{s of plain and tiligreo silver. Until ' lately they were worn on tho wedding-day by tho ' Carheolian brides, but tlio custom is now dying out, and the peasants are willing to sell them. An Austrian lady is the proud posi-es-O'- of thirty of theso girdles, and she finds them most, effective for decora tivo purposes. Silver girdles loop back her white lace curtains, a silver girdle forms a charming edge to tho ' silver-table ' of nio.sc-green velvet, and a jewelled girdlo is arranged in festoons on tho volvet llouneo of tho mantel-board. All manner of curiosities lio on tlio silver-table, old Dutch spoons with tho wiila of a windmill at Iho top of thorn, miniature silver npinning-ulie.els with correct action, and. silver vases for (lowers, old ISnvariau peasant rings sot with (leers' teeth, and many other things, 1'iatinum mirrors threaten to bo tho rage. Thoir peculiar properly is that they both transmit and ' reflect light. For instance, if ono of thorn is placed I in tlio panel of a door, it will not only avail to liyhtup I a gloomy room or corridor, but will, on the othor side, I form a mirror. Any ono standing off tho platinised side of the glass can tco tlncuigli it, in fact, without . boing scon. ;lt is obvious that such a mirror as this could bo put to many uses. The crinklo tissue paper which is sold in all shadoa nnd colours is being largely used for bazaar articles. It began its career as lump shades and then descended to cover ilowor-pots ; it is now nmdo info bags, scent sachets, nnd boxes; and used to cover nny inelegant bit of furniture. 