HUNTING. THE MELBOURNE HOUNDS. BY "ilOltSESnOE." These hounds mot at tlio Old England Ilotol on Saturday last, and ono of the Btrougost runs that has boon negotiated for years with tho Mel bourne hounds was this one. Wb started at 1.30 sharp. Mr. uodtrey w arson on a pony caiioa Neddy, was noting master, as Mr. Watson was starting the V.A.T.O. races. Mr. Lnidlaw's property was tho first ono crosBod, the fencing of wliioh brought many down. Mr. Bob Watson on a brown pony was not at the fiuish owing to tho aocidont Mr. ltcily mot with. Dr. Nutting and Dr. Oharles Lcmprieie wore both following and attended tho gantloman in question; ho then appeared to ho in much greater dungor than now. Tho noxt serious fall : was that of Mr. Edwards, of Clifton Hill, 'i'lion shortly aftor, Sir Donnelley, making an inoffiaicnt leap, throw Mr. Thomas O'Brien a nasty fall and fractured ono of his ribs. Hero tho run waxed stiff and hot, wo wcro in tho vicinity of Donoaster, and Mrs. Lompriero on Maraschino was noticeable in tho fore, with tho brotlierB Watson— Mr. Ned on Foot, who proved a swimmer as well as a jumper at Scotchman's Greek, and Mr. Godfrey on tho aforesaid Noddy. With tlio steepness of tho hills hero only good ridors and good horses could keep with tlio hounds. We liavo to inontion Miss Watson on Cavalior, Mrs. Higliott on Barnarto, and tlio Missos Orooko on tlioir well known hunters, who nil rodo as thorough mistresses of thoir situation. Miss Dawson, who was for the first time out with hounds, was quite equal to tho occasion, riding Groystnncs. Mr. Willie Watson was again mounted on Madame O'Brien, but stopped to piok up tho namcsnke of his horso whon ho fell. Tho hounds noxt crossed tlio Lillydalo railway lino, Koonong Koonong Creek and High-street- road, as strong and awkward a double as any one would wish for. Mr. Hayos on Drought, Mr. Willan on Maori, Mr, Billy Williams on Admission, Mr. Dotmold on Naming, and Mr. Donald Munro on Garryowon, wore all going Well as the hounds crossed tbo Dandcnong-road, which thoy rc-orosscd, and went in at tho baok of Oakloigh, whore thoso who had horses trained only for ordinary runs roturnotl liomo, somo to tho Caulfiold races. Colonol Fonno and Tlio Squire came to griof, tlio colonol spraining his wrist, during tho early part of tho ran. Tho hounds ran tbo fox through many oreoks and under somo of tho stilfost fenoing of tlio day aftor thoy loft Oakloigh, where only Messrs, Dotmold, Munro, Lompriero and tho master anil his brother Edward thought it worth while fol lowing. After a run of 23 or 24 miles, tho quarry yielded up tho ghost. 