Hawaiian Superstitions. A. Verandah Chat, B? BELLE OSBOOItNB. *• What a superstitious lot these Kanakas are I" says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen; " if they have the toothache, and it rainc, why, heaven weeps in sympathy; if the little keiki steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thnnder, and heaven is angry." "They never seem to think," says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, " that if heaven wept with everyone who bad the heartache, by Jove 1 this would be a pretty damp place to live in 1" I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight oh the mango, •nrely the most beautiful tree tbat grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. " YeSj'^J say, reflectively—bang I falls a mango on the roof—" tbey are full of a thousand little superstitious tricks and mysteries: don't you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies' houses?" '«What's that for ?" from the ham mock. " It brings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough; but as sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas." " And what might a kalmna^so V "Oh, those kahunas!" Joe gives'an im patient kick; '■ they make me tired I They do the awfnlest things 1 They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, aud everything they say is all right. KM falls into the fire and gets burnt. Kahuna comes, eats a piece of Toasted black pig—" ', It is always a black pig," I interrupt, "and then they go to sleep and pretend to dream." "Who's telling this Btory?"—a man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife—" When be finishes his mnmmery with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot ani applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know." " The strangest thing to me," I Temark, in a meek snubbed way," is the atusana." " I've heard of that," said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving momentary Bern brand t efiect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading J back into shadow; " but do yon really be lieve it?" " Believe it I Why, the kahunas have in their power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anaana them; or pray tbera to death, they lie right ] down and die, and not all the king's horse's, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them." ■''Well, you know," from Joe, "Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely power less to save a man who is being prayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, bat they prove their side of the argument by giving np the ghost." " I remember when our ship was at Hilo," said the navy officer, " we heard of a native politician who. got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket. He paid a kahuna & lot of money to anaatta them. The three,men defied him for a time, and Bwag gered about, pretending not to care, bat they gave right up to the first ailment tbev had; one . died of a cold, another succumbed tothemumps,and the third one simply kicked the backet because be realised that it waB bis fate." " They predicted when Like-Like was go ing to die," I chip in. " You never saw her did you I She was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of the royal family. She dressed fashionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently. She seemed to ! be above superstition, and yet she died when they said she would." " And when was that J" " When the lava flow stopped. It would ■ not have been so strange had she known of the event, but she died, and it was after her , death that the steamer came in from Hawaii with the news that the Java flow had stopped the very hour when our princess breathed her last." " I wonder," says Joe, "if the lava flow ever yet caught Pole's pig J" "I know," says the navy officer, "that i Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the j volcano. X know that she used to exact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, poi, and even dogs into the boiling lava—but I never knew Bbe owned such an unromantic thing as a pig." '■Ob, she dosen't own him," I say "be is the pest of her life! She hates him. The natives say he lives in the district of Rosa, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets hopping mad, and flaree up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flowB down the Kona 6ide of the mountain." " Then how do they acconnt for the great flow of 1868 that came so near destroying Ililo 1" " Oh that was such a blow to the mission aries i" I say with a malicious chuckle. " They try so hard to combat the native sup. erstitions. There was a big eruption, and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used to think that lava rushed down, and people had to run to get out of the way ; but it is like a hnge wave of molasses, rolling and curling, and sending out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would have des troyed the town,". Joe laughed. "Lord! how the people wers getting out of Hilol Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis sionaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could save the town." " They appealed to Princess Ruth," I con tinue, " She was the last descendant of the great Kamehamehas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when they grew frightened they sent for her, and the huge princess—" " Dear little thing 1" laughs Joe " She only weighed four hundercd and eighty nounda!" " Wei!, they carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacrifices—" "A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, and a silk, dress," said Joe. —"And appealed to the GoddeBS Pole, begging her to 6ave the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then she said calmly to her servants4 It will Btop.'" " Do you know what she did ?" cried Joe, enthusiastically; " she went into a cottage in the very teeth of the flow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped ! The great, twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled hack on itself and stopped! And there ■•■on can see to this day the black hardened 'ara onlv a few yards from the outskirts of JMo." "No wonder they are superstitious," says he navy o.'lieer, ' A few such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, il the missionaries would have called it super stition if the flow bad stopped iff answer to their prayers ?" ■ " Don't you remember when Prince Lun alilo was buried?" says joe; "thai was enough to make anybody superstitious." 41 What was that V' the navy officer sits up, balancing himself in the hammock so that the moonlight glitters on his blonde head. "Teli j us ail about it." : 44 Ting-a ling—ting-a-ling?" "It's only the telephone,"! say, as I go to the iustrumcnt, "Lieutenant B. wanted est bead the I Adams," \ " Oh, pshaw I" from the hammock. "That telephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes—I say, please ling up one-forty-cigbt for a carriage, will you? and tell us about Prince Ltmalilu while it is coming. " Well, I say, curling upcomfortablv on the corner of the steps, "he was an immense favorite, you know." " Vcs, I know—jolly fellow—heard alotof good stories about him." " When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for some reason or other his style of burial was afterward changed, and when his body was removed the natives asked tbe government for another salute of twciity four guns, to which the answer came that tbey had already buried him with all tue honors,and didn't propose to waste any more powder. Tbe natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up, thousands followed his body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were counted." "Oh, take off one clap," says the lieuten ant, flippantly, as he looks for his hat. "Well, I declare 1 is that rain ? After this moonlight, who would have thought it 1 Well, good-bye. Alalia nut, as the natives say." " Good-bye. So sorry to have you go. You see • Heaven weeps in sympathy.'" 