Hawaiian Superstitions. A Verandah (Jhat. BY BELLE OSBOURNE. "What a suuerstitious lot these Kanakas are 1" says Joe, who is stretched out in the bamboo chair on the verandah, the moon light throwing the shadow of the vines over his long figure clad in white linen; "if they havre the toothache, and it raine, why, heaven weeps in sympathy; if the little keiki steals the raw fish of his grandmother, bang goes the thunder, and heaven is angry." "They never seem to think," says the navy officer, drowsily, from the hammock, "that if heaven wept with everyone who had the heartache, by Jove I this would be a pretty damp place to live in 1" I am sitting on the verandah steps, idly watching the moonlight on the mango, surely the most beautiful ticd that grows, almost too perfect in shape, shadowy, with shining leaves. " Yes,' say, reflectively-bang I falls a mango oti the roof-" they are full of a -houstanl little superstitious tricks and mysteries; don't you know how they pound little sticks into the ground before their enemies' houses 1" I "What's that for?" from the ham. mo ck. it btings death to any one who steps on them. Oh, they profess religion, and sing, and pray sincerely enough ; but as sure as anything is the matter with them, they get frightened and send for their kahunas." "And what might a kahwza be?" "Oh, those kahn;tar !" Joe gives an im patient kick; "they make me tired 1 They do the awfuleet things I They are a sort of doctor and priest combined, and everything they say is all right. Kid falls into the fire and gets burnt. Ka?,:trra comes, eats a piece of roasted black pig-" ',It is always a black pig," I interrupt, "and then they go to sleep and pretend So dream." "Who's telling this story ?"-a man always thinks he can tell a story better than his wife-" When he finishes his mummery with the black pig, or chicken, or cat, he heats a board red hot an i applies it to the burn. How on earth they explain matters, when the kid dies, I don't know." "The strangest thing to me," I remark, in a meek snubbed way, "is the anaana." " I've heard of that," said he of the brass buttons, lighting a cigarette, and giving a momentary Rembrandt cffect of broad white forehead and straight nose, and then fading back into shadow; " but do you really be lieve it ?" "Believe it I Why, the kakwnas have in their power every Kanaka in the kingdom. If they suspect the priest going to anzaa a them, or pray them to death, they lie right down and die, and not all the king's horses, or all the king's men, to say nothing of the white doctors, can save them." "Well, you know," from Joe, "Doctor Thompson says that he is absolutely power less to save a man who is being rrayed to death. He says he has tried to argue with them that their disease is not fatal and they can not die, but they prove their side of the argument by giving up the ghost." "I remember when our ship was at Hilo," Paid the navy officer, " we heard of a native ooiitician who got awfully angry at three men for not voting his ticket, He paid a khaunza a lot of money to anaana them. The three men defied him for a time, and swag gered about, pretending not to care, but they gave right up to the first ailment they had ; one died of a cold, another succumbed tothemumps. and the thiud one simply kicked the bucket because he realised that it was his fate." "They predicted when Like-Like was go. ing to die," I chip in. " You never saw her did you 1 She was young, bright, gay, and the best looking of the royal family. She dressed fasihionably, was a beautiful waltzer, and spoke English fluently. She seemed to be above superstition, and yet she died when they said she would." "And when was that 7" " When the lava flow stopped. It would not have been so stranpe had she known of the event, but she died, and it was after her death that the steamer came in iron Htawaii with the news that the lava flow had stoiwced the very hour when our princess breathed her last." " I wonder," says Joe, "if the lava flow ever yet caught Pele's pig ?" "I kno'vy." says the navy officer, "that Pele is the Goddess of Fire and lives in the volcano. I know that she used to cxact human sacrifices, and that, even now, natives will go to the volcano and drop money, Poi, and even dogs into the boiling lava-but 1 never knew she owned such an unromantic thing as a pig." "Oh, she dosen't own him," I say "he is the pest of her lif cl She hates him. Tihe natives say he lives in the district of Ko:a, and that when Pele is asleep, or, in other words, when the volcano is inactive, he comes out of his lair and roams over the premises. They say she gets hopping mad, and flares up, and bubbles, and finally chases him with streams of red-hot lava, and that accounts for all the flows down the Kona side of the mountain." "Then how do they account for the great flow of 18GS that came so near destroying Hilo 1" "Oh that was such a blow to the mission. aries I" I say with a malicious chuckle. "They try so hard to combat the native sup. erstitions. There was a big eruption. and a great flow rolled down the mountain side to ward the pretty little town of Hilo. I used tn think that lava rushed down, and people sla o run to get out of the way; but it is ite a huge wave of molasses, rolling and curing, and sending out long, snaky tongues. It cools rapidly on top, like a crust, but keeps breaking through at the edge, and bubbling. It was eight months crawling towards Hilo, until one more day's flow would have des troyed the town." Joe laughed. "Lord I how the people were getting out of Hilo I Especially the Portu guese, who were leaving in shoals. The mis alonaries prayed every day by the flow, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. It did seem as though, after all these months, on a downward slope, nothing on earth could save the town." "They appealed to Princess Ruth," I con tinue, " She was the last descendant of the great Kamehamehas, you know, and the natives believed in her, so when they grew. frightened they sent for her, and the huge princess-" "Dear little thing I" laughs Joe "She only weighed four hundered and eighty pounds I" " Well, they carried her in a litter to the place, and she stood in front of the lava, and threw in some sacrifices-" " A black dog, some money, a bottle of gin, and'a silk dress," said Joe. -"And appealed to the Goddess Pele, begging her to save the town, and reminding her of her promise never to harm Hilo. Then she said calmly to her servants 'It will stop.'" "Do you know what she did ?" cried Joe, enthusiastically; "she wentinto a cottage in the very teeth of the flow, and slept. There's faith for you. And it stopped 1 The great. twisting, moving, hideous mass of fire rolled back on itself and stopped I And there you can see to this day the black hardened lava only a few yards from the outskirts of iulo." "No wonder they are superstitious," says the navy officer. "A few such coincidences would affect anybody. I wonder, though, it the missionaries would have called it super stition if the flow had stoppea in answer to their prayers?" "DIont you remember when Prince Lun anilo was buried?" says Joe; " that was enough to make anybody superstitious." ' \hat was that 1" the navy oflicer sits up, balancing himself in the hammock so that the I r.onl:ight litte:s on his blonde head. "Teli is ail at:ont it." "Ting-a ling-ting-a-ling?" SIt's only the telephone,"I say, as I go to I the instrument, "Lieutenant A. weo':.d ein ?ozd the A m?.,s." "Oh, pshaw !' from the hammock. "That Itelephone is very convenient, but it is a nuisance sometimes-I say, please line no one-forty- eight for a carriage, will you ? and tell us about Prince Lanalito while it is I coming." S\\\'ell, I say, curling up comfortably on the I corner of the steps, "he was an immense I favorite, you know." " Yes, I know-jolly fellow- heard alot of good stories about him." "When he died, he was buried with great pomp, but for somen reason or other his style of burial was afterward changed, and when his body. was removed the natives asked the govermnent for another salute of twenty four guns, to which the answer came that they had already buried him with all tea honors, and didn't propose to waste any more powder. The natives were hurt and indig nant, and though a great storm came up; thousands followed his body to its last rest ing-place. As the cortege passed into the gates of the cemetery, the thunder burst forth, and everybody declares that twenty four distinct claps were counted." "Oh, take off one clap," says the lieuten ant, ilippantly, as he looks for his hat. 'Well, I declare ! is that rain? After this moonlight. who would have thought it! Well, good-bye. Aloha nui; as the natives say." "Good-bye. So sorry to'have you go. You see ' Heaven weeps in sympathy.'" w. oar Ii~ li~prCP 