? ? T V fl_ _M...4 ? ?* O fi, , q_J ^_ J K _y . P A O ? Her Li-:-] and Adventures, , ' BY 'YBBAX,' (AntUor of « 4)ho Double Eren t,' ' Rasusiag It Off,' « JooUj Jack,' ' Banker and Broker,' &c;) SFKOIAIXiY WBITXBN FOR THE «BBFBaBH.' (ALL EIGHTS BE3EBTHD.) OHAPTEE XXVI.— A TEKKIBI-E DREAM. (ptECIL DEKitAN sat in an easy chair \J for some timo oiter Minnio hnd loft him. JSe was in deop tliouglit, and tbo ohndow on. his faco denoted his thoughts woro not pleasant, nay, that they ovon torrifiod him to . a certain extent. Cooil Dennmn was looking back over hia past life, find re gretting tho evil ho had dono, for ovon in such a man thero was some remnant of good. He had not felt over strong of Into, but ho had said nothing to Minnio about it. Ho bated scenes, and ho fancied eho loved him quite onougb. to ma.ko a Bcono, if Bho thought there was anything aoriously wrong with him. Ho was smoking a pipe. By-and-bye, ho gradually sank into a restless slumber, and tho pipe dropping from his mouth, foil on to tho floor. Tho noise mado him start, and half awake ho muttorod : ''What's that? Whoso thera?'1'-' He was evidently norvouB, bnt he soon slept again. . The clock on the mantelpiece struck ono, and it had that dismal sound which clocks invariably havo in the stillness of tho night. Cecil Denman wo3 ovidontly restless, and from tim» to time Uo muttered incoherent words. His dreams wore troublod. SomotimeB when we sleep we catch a faint' glimpBO of what onr future shall be, and what tho penalty for sins that are past. Slcop i3 given us for rest to regain strength for the work of tho morrow, to ouspend the activity of the brain for a fow hours, lest tho strain be too great. :Tho tired laborer, after a hard day's work, reaps to the full tho blessings of sound sleep honestly earnod. No dreams trouble him. His imagination, never at any time vivid, is lulled into a state border ing on a death-like trance. Ho sloops, he wakes, and finds tho hours havo flown by as though he had beon dead. Buey men of the world sleap, and yot their slumbers are often rudely broken and interrupted by dreams of cares to como, aud speculations which may prove disastrous. I To tho murderer Bleep must ha hideous, a nightmare from wluca ho would escape, but his weary eyes and worn-out brain demands that he should alumbar oven restlessly. Suddenly Cecil Denman woke with a start.' Tho clock struck two. 'Hang it all. I must have been asleep,' he Baid. ' Wonder what startled me P I may as well have another pipe.' He. lit his pipe, and then went to the window^. . 'iVbat a lovely night !' he Baid. 'It must be full' moon. It's a shams to have tbe gaa burning in such a light.' 'He put tho gas out, and drow up the blind; opened tho window, and looked out. He smoked the pipe, then shut the window, and sat down in tho chair again, leaving the blind up. ? 'Why he did not go to bed he could not have ' said'.' Something seemed to detain Him in the room'. He fell asleep again, nnd the moon cast a pale shndow on hia face. Gradually a change passed over his countenance, . He was dreaming. Ceoil Denman was Buffering some in ward torture, that was ovident, but he was fast asleep. Drops of porBpiration stood on his brow, and his hands wero clonchod. A fearful scene was being enacted be fore his closed eyes. He was asleep, bat his brain was active, and bis thoughts tortured him. , -He saw in his dream the ?wife he had deserted, and the child he had not, until then, known was born. He saw the woman he had ill- used, and driven' away, and her ppirit hovered around him as he slept, calling aloud upon him to ropent of his misdeeds and make amends betore it was too late. . ? , . ? ? 'You are doomed,' Baid tho spirit of this woman, which haunted the room, por chance on one .of the moon's rays. 'You have a child^ '- Go to her and crave her pardon. She will hear you, for she is good and true. She will not spurn you; she will have pity upon you, for my sake; Go to her, repont before it -will be too late.' ' Then the spirit . seemed to vanish, and Cecil Denman heaved a sigh. Another ray of light poured on to him as-he slept. It was as though the spirits of the dead had como to visit him, and from tbe un seen vjorld thoy had journeyed on the moon's soft rays. ? ; ; The' second spirit was Bterner than the first. ,It was an old man's voice that spoke in the sleeper's ear. ' Cecil, Cecil,' it seemed to say; 'you are a wicked man. You have lived a wicked :life. Horace Eivers Rpeaks to you. The father you robbed of his only child, and made hia life a misery. Where is my child now ? I cannot find her. What, yon say her spirit has just visited you ? She is not with me. Why are wo separated ? I must wander in tho wilderness from which I have come, and search her out. You broke my heart. Tremble, man, for a Day of Judgment will surely come.' Suddenly tbe voice changed, and a harsh tone sounded in the sleeper's ears. ' You caused mo to die, Cecil Denman. I had do time to repent. You killed mo, for it was you ordered me to throw Dead Shot down. I am punished, but I cannot tell you my punishment. It is terrible A never-ending remorse. You will find a place here, Cecil Denman. Your torment will be worse than mine. I shall see you Buffer.and I shall have my revenge. Boberfc Bench speaks to you, and bids you die a dog's death, and earn a murderer's punish ment.' Cecil Denman moved uneasily in his chair, and, although his eyes were shut, terror was visible on every line of his face. Another moonray, and with it came a Bpirit more foarf ul and terrible to him than that of Eobort Bench. He fancied a man in tho prime of life, or just past it, was looking steadfastly at him. The figure he know well. It was that of Maurice Bivers, and blood was slowly trickling from two bullot wounds in his heart. ' Cecil Donman,' said tho spirit, ' hoar me.' Again tho sleeper moved uneasily, and great drops stood on hia brow for a moment, and then slowly coursed down hiB cheeks, which were deadly white, wid looked ghastly in the moonlight. ' Stir not j you cannot escape me. I will follow you night and day. I will never leave you again. I am Maurice Bivors whom you murdered. Shot dead as he re turned ' to hit! home. Ah, ooward, do you know me now P' In his droam, Ceoil Donman felt a cold hand laid upon his wrist. * Ho strujjglod'..to shake off that fearful grasp, but hVcOuld nob. A horrible night mare was now; upon him. He would havo Bhriokid olpuc^rbut he conld not. Ho was in that ?.peculi.a'ritstato in which a man is half nwake andchalf asleop. and is undor somo horrible, foar pursued by a phantom of tho night;''' - Ho fancied hS:'waa struggling in hia chair, and :n '.^reat weight hold him down..' '.':;/?'./? :'^' 'Your 'Binsv'i&Vo; too heavy for you to bear. Sit Btill;' mid the Bpirit of Maurice Eivers. - a You shot mo, murderer. I never did yon v-rong.' You murdered me because I had found o'ut^your Bccret, your roal name, and kaovf you for what yon wero. I wonld hive donoUnced you as a swindler, and rescuod;!^jci'y'dauRhtcr from your clutehes.7 Sqyoushot mo to koop yourself froo. AVhoreia n-y child, Cecil ? Where is my child ?' tho spirit moaned in his ears. 'What iB.shoP' What has my protty Minnia become? Not your wife). Ah.no. You would hot ; even do her that poor justice for- tho 'ivrong you hava dofte hor. To-morfow, you say, yon will marry hor. To-morrow for you will bo a fatal day. There is no to-morrow for you. Listen.' Three struck the clock. ' To-morrow has come. To-morrow will Bhortly dawn, and what for ? For my re venge,' chuckled the Bpirit. 'I have forfeited my claim to happiness her© in the vast sphere in whioh I live, in order to have revenge on you. I havo come to earth to torture you for the remainder of your days. I will haunt you until you dio. 'You cannot OBcapo,' shriokod the spirit, and Cecil Donman in his awful trance felt tho bony hand3 of the terrible boing on his throat. He gaBDed for breath. He struggled. Ij; was awful to behold this man, apparently in sleep, overcome by aa enomy ho could not shako ofi. ' Ha, ha,; ha,' laughed tho spirit, and an unearthly sound Besmsd to echo through the silent room. ; : Minnie'BiveraS'as awake. Ono, ???ttrbj-J three, ? four, struck the clock. She couiited the strokes. There w.as no.Bqund in Cecil's room, and yet she fancied]; she heard someone moan ing. . .,..-.;??. i a~. '. .- Then she hoard a dismal groan, which chilled her to the very heart. It sounded so weird and unnatural. 'I wonder what Cecil can be doing. He must have.iivUen asleep in the dining room. He was kinder to-night than he has been for a long time, and he said he would marry me/to-raorrow, that is now to-day. ?He may cltango. He may bo a bettor man, and, God knows, I may be a hotter woman. What's that?' . . . She sat up in bod, and listened intently. She fancied sho again heard a movement and a muffled groan. She was trembling now with fear and nervousness. ' I must go and see what's the matter,' she thought. ' I will go down ? .' A sudden shriek of horror, so loud and piercing that it made the vory blood freeze in her veinsj'rang through tbe silent house. Again and again.* It was the shriek of a man in mortal agoriyi in deadly peril. The shriek of amadman whose brain had given way undor the fearful strain put upon it by the hand of a just Providence, an all wiso judge. It was the shriekB of Cecil Denman she hoard as he woke to consciousness and wrestled with the terrible phantom that had haunted his dreams, and clasped its awful hands about hia throat. ; In that moment of re-awakening he was mad. He knew not what he did. ' Hib brain was full of disordered fancies ; bis mind was unstrung. He had Been visions too horrible to realise, and now he was awake the terror was upon him, and he was mad. : He saw the door open, and a white robed figure enter the room. The moonlight flooded the place throngh the uncovered window.'and there was a peculiar unearthly halo surrounding this figure as it advanced towards him. It was Minnie Biver.i in her night robe, and her face showed tho terror that possessed her when she heard those awful shrieks. Cecil Denman saw her, but his diseased, excited brain knew her not. Her face reflected the face of tho spirit of hor father, which had just soomed to grapple with him, and had nearly strangled him. 'Cecil! 'she said, in an awa-Btruek voice. Then she saw hiB faco and stood transfixed with fear. His eyes were Btarting from his head, and a clammy sweat was pouring from him. He looked more like a corpse than a living man. She could not move. Sho was rooted to the spot. Had death been in front of her and life behind she could not have moved to eave herseii. She could only watch him with her terrified eyes. for a moment Cecil Denman hesitated. Then ho shouted in his manioc's frenzy : ' You're here vet, are youP Curse you, get out of my sight, I say. Get out of my sight. I tell you Maurice Bivors is dead. You won't go ? You'll haunt me, will you, till my dying day ? Then we'll see who is the Btronger, you or I, Maurice BiverB. Fear a spectre ? Not I, you whito-facod coward. I'll give you ono more chance. Will you go ? ' Minnie Bivera conld nob move. Terror had complete possession of her, and yet she distinctly heard all ho said, and knew Bho was in danger. Cecil Denman stared at hor. ' Will you go ?' ho hissed. She did not move. Hor steady look once more terrified him. Ho again felt that icy-cold yet fearful grip upon hia throat. He felt ho waB again boing strangled. Suddenly he saw some thing glitter in the moonlight on the side board, close to which ho stood. It was a kuifo whioh the servant had carelessly left there. In a moment ho had it in his hand. Minnie Rivera saw what he had done, but sho could not mova or cry aloud for help. With a hoarse cry ho sprang upon hor. Sho saw the knifo flash above her. Sho felt a Bharp pain in her heart, and thon she knew no more. He had stabbed her, and oho sank in a swoon on the floor. With ono glanco at the prostrate form tho madman ruahod out of the door. He ran quickly along the passage and out into the street, bareheaded, and with the Eamo wild look upon hia face. ' That settled you,' ho chuckled. That knife was handy j Tory handy. Ton'ro gone now. I warned you. learned you.' Ho glanced bohind him. He saw tho spirit pursuing him, Ho saw the ghost of Maurice Bivors still at his heols, and with a loud cry ho ran for his life along the road. For miloa ho wont, pursued by this phantom. On, on, on. Through tho city, and away, as fast as ho could speed. Ho know not where ho was going. Ho was a inndnian pursued by a novor- tiring foe. Ho reachod tho shores of tho harbor and ran on towards Watson's Bay He looked neither to tho right or to tho loft, bnt kept straight on. Ho dare not look behind, but he could hear the phantom treading in a measured paco. 'I will never leavo yon,' it kept on singing in his ears. l!ar]y risers at Watson's Bay saw . tho wild figure rushing madly along the road and wero terrified. Ono man bolder than tho rest hastened aftor him. The madman heard tho foot Btops and quickoned hiB paco. Up on the roelts ho wont, with tho samo awful sound surging in his ears. ' I will never leave you.' Tho man stopped horror-struck. For ono moment ho saw this flying figure poised on the cliff, close to the Gap, whore the ill fated Dunbar was wrecked. Then it dis appeared, and ho knew what a fearful leap it must havo made. Ho rushed up to tho cliff ftnd footed over. Deop down on tho rooks below he saw a shapeless mass. It woo all that remained of Cocil Donman. Beforo assistance could ba procured the incoming tido had washed over the rocks upon which ho had fallen, aad tho uea had swallowed up tho doad. (To be CoNTiuxnn).) 