BREVITIES. ? ♦ ? At the North Sydney Police Court to-day a : Portuguese named John Prador was sent to gaol for a month, for having insufficient lawful means of support. A resolution was passed at an extraordinary meeting of the Mutual Store, limited, held in Melbourne on Wednesday, extending the borrow ing powers of the directors, but not exceeding the whole sum of .£115,000. A committee was ap pointed to inquire into the general management of the store. The Victorian Crown Law Department has decided that all officers of the Eailway Depart ment over 60 years of age must accept an annual pension. The committee appointed at the parliamentary caucus in Melbourne on Tuesday to draw up recommendations relative to the proposed revision of the tariff met on Wednosday, and made con siderable progress in drafting the report. = A commission agent named Thomas S. Hawkins was fined .£15, with costs, in Brisbane on Wed nesday, for main Tig a false declaration under the Elections Act. The Premier of Tasmania on Wednesday received a telegram from the Premier of South Australia, stating his intention to introduce a bill to include South Australia in the Federal Council. The death is announced of Mr. James M'Kay, of the firm of Irvine, Maceachern, and Company, Launceston. Mr. Arthur Home, a very old resi dent of Launceston, is also dead. John Power, a cabman, was charged before Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., at the Central Police Court to day with having been drunk on the railway pre mises. Fined 10s, or three days. He was fined 20s or seven days for having thrown a constable down and punished him when he went to escort him to the police station. Henry Jenson was charged before Mr. C. Delohery, S.M., at the Central Police Court to-day with having assaulted Charles Willis. Prosecu tor and two friends were going along King-street last night when accused went up and wanted to show them something. They declined to look at it, and accused struck prosecutor twice. He was' a stranger to them. Fined 40s, or 21 days. ' The following grants have been allotted for parks in the Paddington electorate : Coogee Bay Eeserve, .£100; seven reserves at Eand wick, £300; parks at Waverley, ,£250; Eose Bay Park, .£60; Camp Cove Park, .£50; Gap Point, WatBon's Bay,~£100; Steyne Park, Double Bay, £75; Pad dington Eeserve, £100. Mr. Percy E. Meggy, late secretary of the lioyal Commission on Strikes, has accepted £150 in settlement of hiB claim against the Govern ment for extra work done in connection with the commission. The Postmaster-General of Victoria agrees with the Postmaster-General of New South Wales, that unless. Queensland and New Zealand pay a share of the guarantee required by the Cable Company in connection 'with the reduced rates, the tariff will have to be revised. Captain Fuliarton, who has been for many years in command of the Victorian Naval Brigade, has sent in his resignation to the Minister for Defence. His reason for retirement is failing health. The Parliamentary Standing Orders in Queens land will, it is believed, shortly be amended to meet the application of the cloture. The mortality of live stock in the Metcalfe and Sutton Grange districts (Vic.) is reported to be heavy. It is believed that the mortality is due to eating new grass after a long scarcity. Th6 50th anniversary of St. Patrick's Society was celebrated in Melbourne on Wednesday night by a banquet. The foundation-stone of a new chapel at the Church of England Grammar School, Melbourne, was laid on Wednesday by the Countess of Hope toun. The Athenaeum, in reviewing Mr. Hume Nis bef s latest story of Australian life, says : ' Australian's will not be obliged to Mr. Nisbet for representing Melbourne as composed entirely of reprobates, and making no mention of the re putable citizens who form the large majority of the population. The heroine of this book is a f onrtb -rate actress who is devoted to a bushranger. As this latter type of industry is now a thing: of the past, would it not be better to let it alone ?' At the Parramatta Police Court on Wednesday, James Muntz was fined £3, with £1 6s lOd costs, or two months, for assaulting Alma Cox. Accused was walking through Cox's orchard, and when requested to go back he struck prosecutor on the forehead with a bag containing some weighty article, inflicting a wound on his forehead. Thomas Barrett was ordered to contribute £1 per week towards the support of his wife, who had been compenea to leave mm on account or Hi treatment. Said the Prince of Wales to Mr. Dibbs : ' Do you know, I find ' Parkes ' an easier name to get hold of than ? Dibbs.' ' Said the Premier : ' Yes, sir — that is probably because Parkes has got a handle to it.' Then they talked about the weather. (From an anonymous correspondent.) What the defendant said : ' Here's your one farthing, and don't look bo Black.' What the plaintiff said : ' Only one farthing ? You might as -well put a Norton P' The usual weekly sacred and temperance con cert in connection with the Mariners' Bethel, Circular Quay, was held in the schoolroom of the church on Wednesday night, and notwithstand ing that there are only a few vessels in port there were about 100 seamen present. The Eev. J. Bennett Anderson presided. Songs, solos, and recitations were well rendered by the following ladies and gentlemen : ' Mesdames Firth and Engel, Misses Patterson, Seats, and M'Donald, the Eev. Bennett Anderson, and Messrs. Dinan and F. Geilkey. Mr. Engel was pianist. ' I had neuralgia in my face, and took some thing to relieve it, your Worship/' replied a man charged at the Central Police Court to-day with drunkenness. ' Take care and don't take too much of that medicine again,' remarked his Worship (Mr. C. Delohery, S.M.). ' You're fined 5s, or the rising of the court.' At Launceston Mr. Featherstone, chairman of the Silver Queen Company, is the purchaser of a Luhrig concentrator, which is to be erected im mediately on the claim. The Luhrig Company will erect all necessary buildings and plant, and provide an engineer acquainted with the process. The plant is guaranteed to treat 100 tons of ore in 16 hours, without more than 5 per cent, of lead being lost. The cost of the plant is £5000 and 6d a ton royalty, subject to the sanction of the directors. - » A sealed bottle was found in the Saltwater Eiver (Vic.) on Wednesday. It contained apiece of an old copy of the Age, bearing the following inscription: ' T. Docwra, W. Docwra, and E. E. TurnbnlL wrecked on Thursday Island; only one left, rat eaten by savages. 27/12/1890.' A stable at the rear of a shop in Lackey-street, Summer Hill, occupied by Messrs. Bates Brothers, newsvendors, was damaged by fire on Wednesday night. The alarm was sent to the M.F.B. at 8.24, but the blaze, which was among some straw, was extinguished by the inmates. Besides the stable some straw and woodwork in the rear of the shop were slightly damaged. Tie place is owned by Mr. J. Cox, Syde, and the insurances, if any, are unknown. The Queensland Government has, it is under stood, decided to amalgamate the offices of har bormaster and shippingmaster. . The RJNLS. Cuzco left Adelaide on Wednesday for England. The took a trial shipment of 500 boxes of oranges. The Eev. H. E- Haweis, of St. James's, Maryle bone, has hit on a hovel attraction for his church. He has been preaching on ' Ghosts,' and exhibit ing a selection of accredited spirit photos in the vestry at the close of service. He knows the weakness of the British public for a free show. It has been said with some truth that if admission were charged in ' our churches many people who don't go now would rush about to obtain orders. Grand National Hurdle, Flemington, July 9, 25,000 at 10; also Grand National Steeplechase, 25.000 at 10. Now open and filling rapidly. Address ' Tatiersall,' c.o. G. Adams, Pitt-street.— 0. Good Soaa Water and Eoyal Club Nectar is equal in every respect to the best champagne. Price, 6d, Sold at all hotels. Try it.— U. 