FICTION. THREE THOUSAND POUNDS FOR A RADISH BED. ?BE widow Appleby, called Aunt Sa manthy by her neighbours, was tidying up a room which had been furnisbed for a sleeping room, and j in it also a desk, a book case, and, a little | row of drawers, in which fragments pre cioDS to a geologist had been carefully stored. The desk and book case Aunt Samanthy regarded with reverence. The drawers she did not understand. Bits of stone, bits of ore, she emptied them all into her apron, and -dumped them with other odds and ends. out of the window upon a flower bed that had been dug up that year. Aunt Samanthy had no heart for gardening. Things had gone very wrong with her, and the death of her old j boarder, a Californian miner, who made I and lost several fortunes, had put the I fiuishiog touch to her woes. His room it j was that she was putting to rights, know ing that she should never see the old white | head and kindly smile again. ' I felt it more than anything else, after losing poor Peter she sighed as a tear rolled down her cheeks. ' He was always so kind to me.' As she spoke there came a heavy etep on the porch, and looking out of the win- j dow she saw her cousin, Jedediah Twom bley, standing there. Jedediah was rich man, lately made richer by an inherit ance from his grandfather, who had lived to be 105 years old, and died leaving all to his wealthy grandson, and nothing to j his extremely poor granddaughter. It was natural that the thought should sting j the widow as she looked at him. ' Morning 1' naid Jedediah.' ■•Morning-] Cousin Samanthy. I stepped up to get j the shade. I felt the sun considerably, and ray horse has lost a shoe, and I have sent Simon to get it fixed; thought I'd | light here and see how you got on.' 'I don't get on at all Jedediah,' said i Aunt Samanthy. * Not as I should if Grandpa Twombley had left me some thing, as I hsd always reckoned he would ; and now my poor boarder is gone I've got that poor I've had to sell the cow.' 'Too badl' said Jedediah. ''Well] come and get a pan of milk any time. ' Two miles there and back ; thank ye,' said the widow. ' Do^ou know if I was | you, Jedediah, what I'd do ? I'd say, ' Cousin Samanthy, I'm rich and you're J poor, I'll give you a little slice of the big 'un grandpa left me. That's your Christian ] doty seeing grandpa was 105, and weak minded when he died. He'd hev done it | 10 years ago, and you know it too.' • Phew,' laughed jedediah. ' But you j are a woman that's your excuse for talk- | ing idiotic. I'm hot a mean man; I'll j give yon five dollars down, Samanthy, 1 and property ia property, and wills ib j wills, and not to be broken." " Well, I don't set up for proud, and : I'm so poor that this is a'good deal to me,' said Samanthy, taking the money. 'I reckon Grandpa's spirit is around some where prompting you to do right, seeio* that you influenced him to do wrong." ' Now, Samanthy, grandfather was not j influenced by me 3 That 1 can tell you! said Cousin Jedediah. * He always felt yon made a mistake in stepping off with Peter. Peter was one of those folks that never prospers. * What's the Qse, grand father used to say to me, * of helpin* Sa mathy, when Peter ' •Poor Peter is gone,' said the widow, taking her handkerchief from her apron pocket, 'Do not talk against him. Het was just as kind ae-kind could be.' •No doubt,' said Jedediah, hurriedly.) • no doubt. I didn't mean any offence. I always thought Peter quite————— But j what was you doin' when I came in— j house-cleaning ?' ' I was cleanin' out the spare room,' said the widow. ' It's being shut up quite | a spell—since the Californy gentleman ; died. I thought I'd let it if I could. 11 might take a few boarders this summer, if j they would come.' ' I'll pay for an advertisement," said ■ Jedediah, who was worth a million and a j half, and I'll let you have lots of cucum- i bers off our place. If you'd seed this bed up instead of pitchin' rubbish on it, you | could grow things here now. You could grow radishes right under your winder. I Summer boarders generally thinks radishes ] very faulsome.' * I just emptied the bureau drawers out j on to that bed. There was a lot of rub. | bisb in 'em ; and I meant to dig it over, only I ain't very robust.' ' I'll let Simon dig it for you,' said Jedediah,' and yon can seed it down, and ] it will he a comfort ip you.* By this time Simon, who had been | slowly driving up the bill, stopped at the gate, and Jedediah called to him— * Simon yon just take the spade and I dig over Mrs. Appleby's garden. I'll drive home myself. G->od;bye, S»man- ] thy. 1 think that idea about the summer : boarders is a good one,' and jumping into his waggon he drove up the r«ad glad to j get rid of his poor cousin. Simon looked after this consin with a very peculiar expression. 4 Some folks are born for luck and some for children, be said sentenliously. ' I've got four.' ' And I've got three,' said the widow ' Now, Simon, don't do that unless you want to. I kuow you have plenty to do.' 4 I'd just as lief,' said Simon. 1 What have yon being throwin' out here, Mrs. Appleby 7' * Rubbish out of my Californy boarder's bureau drawers,* said Mrs. Appleby. * What he kept it here for I don't know.' Simon laughed, picked up one or two bits of something, and put them in his pocket. The bed was nearly spaded when Mrs: Appleby looked out again, and Simon was gone. As Jedediah Twombley sat on his porch that night, counting up the profits of bis hay crop, a voice behind him cried— 4 Mr. Twombley, I've got suthin' I want to show yon.' He turned. . It was Simon who had spoken, and be held in his bsnd a frag ment of something dark and heavy. "See here,' he said, in a whisper. 4 I've been to the gold mines in my time, and if this ain't good I'll give up and say I'm lacking.' * Qh, to be sure, to be sure,' said the old man, clutching the lamp nervously. * To be sure ! Where did you find it 7' 'In the Widder Appleby's garden. Dug it up out of the flower garden you told me to spade for her.' 'Then there's gold on the place ! Tve always thought there was gold there. I've always said so,' said Simon, with a twinkle in his eye— ' I've heard you. Now, what a thing that will be for that poor widder—a gold mine on ber place!' Jedediah's eyes gleamed greedily in the dim twilight. ' Hush, Simon !' be whispered. 1 Pro mise me you won't tell ber or anybody. I'll make it all right with you. You're kind of uncomfortable where you be with your small family. I'll let you have the frame-house on the hill at the same rent. Don't mention it. I'll make it right with Mrs. Appleby. - Though, after all, this mayn't be gold.' ' Perhaps not, but old miners likes me rather calculates to kDow,' said Simon. ' Ef you don't mind, I'll move up to the frame-house to-morrow. Wait a fait. Let's go over to the widder'a. I'll pre tend it's to sow the radish seed, if you'll give me some, and we'll see if there's any more laying round. ' Good enough,' said Jedediah Twom bley. 4 A bright idea.' Accordingly to the widow's surprise, Simon took the seed over, and the sow ing done, brought 'back to his master, waiting in the waggonVunder the trees, three or four specimen's* of the same ore, which Jedediah took at once to a cele brated mineralogist of the nearest town, who declared that where these came from there was assuredly a gold mine. Trembl ing with delight, Jedediah went back to walk around thewidow'shoose in the moon light, where she, seeing him through the curtainB, and took him for a tramp, and was frightened almost out of her senses. Several things happened to startle her that day. The first was the appearance of Simon at her door in the early dawn, as she was boiling her solitary cup of cof fee over some splinters of wood. * Widder,' Simon whispered, solemnly, ' attend to what I say. and don't forget it. Mister Twombley is going to make you an offer for your place. Don't let him have it cheap. Rise on him as bold as brass. Don't chin about anything. Don't tell him nothin*. Jest say, 'I wont sell it for that,' until you get what'il keep yon comfortable. blind . do . as I say ; don't aak questions, don't chin, or you'll give yourself away," ' I don't half understand yon,' said the widow. 'You hev such curious expres sions kinder, but-jf Cousin Jedediah offers much for two acres of stones and a house like this, he's goin' crazy.' - * Mebbe he's seen a ghost,* said Simon. * But you mind me.' He was off. Not too soon, for the wheels of Jedediah Twombley's waggon rattled on the road the next moment, and Jedediah stood at the door in place of his servant. ' What you aed kind o' teched me yes terday, Samantby,' he said, 'and Frei been thinking. What yon want is rest, i Sell your place and go abroad in the vil lage. I'll buy it. I ain't worth much, i but what'il you take T j The widow looked at him. It was not! benevolence tbst shone in his eyes, bat greed. , * Well,'she said cautiously some of the ' same blood in ber Veins, and she could j bargain also. ' Well, what'il you give 3 4 Five hundred dollars ?' said the rich | man. ' Eh ?' Samanthy shook her head. * Eight T 4 Lor, no,' said Samanthy. ' A thousand T Samanthy turned pale, but still shook j her head. * Two thousand 7' said Jedediah. 41 reckon you're calculating I'm half- ] witted,' said Samanthy. 4 She knows about the gold,' said Jede- j diah to himself, ' or—yes, someone else | knows and has made her an offer.' The miser and gambler sometimes min gle in one man. It was so in the case of j Jedediah Towmbley. 4 Fifteen thousand dollars!' he cried j hurriedly. 4 You can live comfortably, on | that, eh.' 4 Grandfather's ghost has again ap- j peared,' thought Samanthy. 4 Well,' she said, 4 if you'll drive over to j the lawyers and pay me, F1I do it.' : Ten annates after this the two were sitting aids by side in the waggon. Two faoum wore, and Sarunnthy was, in her own -'pinioD. a rich woman, with no fear of suffering before her, and no more need to toil for her bread. She was to leave the cottage that day, and bewildered by her audden prosperity, she was packing her few possessions, when again, as in the dawn, Simon asked at her door. ' Sold it T be said. ' Yea.' aaid the widow breathlessly. ' For fifteen thousand dollars. 1 reckon grandpa appeared to hiin.' Simon put his hand in his pocket and drew out a bunch of something. ' What's that V he asked. The widow looked at what he held to wards her. ' It's a bit of the rubbish I threw out of that bureau ; he often showed 'em to trie. 1 was a miner once. X took an interest in 'em. You tbmwed 'em in the radish bed, I dug 'em out of it. I just showed 'em to Mister Twombley. Bis idea has always been there's gold in these mountains. Be thinks there's gold on your place.' ' And he wanted to give me five hun dred dollars,' said the widow. ' It's all right for you, and I didn't tell no lies.' said Simon. * 1 did dig up them specimens in the radish bed.' The.widow lives at ease in the village now, and keeps her own counsel, and there is a big hole, with a windlass near it, where her home once stood. People call it * Twombley's Folly,' but Jedediah Twombley intended it for a gold mine, and spent a little fortune also in working it several years. 