WHY LASCAR SAILOBS AT?K EMPLOYED. How- is it that Lascars and coolies are preferred to Englishmen I let me see. Tate merits first. To begin, with, the Asiatics are cheaper than, our seamen: but as they are weak, and about forty-five of them are required to do the "work of thirty Britishsailors that cannot be taken into account. ISor is it fair to say that their keep costs less than that of Englishmen. Lascars certainly live on rice, cum-, vegetables, &c; ; but each caste insists on having its own cook, and will not touch, food bought or prepared by any body else. The men, too, must be allowed to observe their religious fes tivals : and whereas an ordinary crew can be paid off on arrival in port, Lascars must necessarily be kept on. This being so., the cost of English and native sailors is about the same. Tlio principal recommendations of the Lascars, Asiatics, and Afghans, seem to be their ability to work in hot cli mates, tlieir good temper, cleanliness, and simple manners-it is said' they whimper like children when reproved -willingness, sobriety, and frugality. .One thing more: they look Tiictur c qrtin fine weather, autl so gratify the esthetic sense of passengers. Oatho other hand, Asiatics are born thieves, and the " childishness" so often claimed lor them is very like that of the heathen Chinee. An acquaint ance of the writer, who has had con siderable experience of such men, declares that if you want to be on. the safe side you must keep everything out of their reach. The fact of then being jugglers is to him. not without significance. But here is an actual ^ example of what they can do. Two Lascars -were in the habit of spiling stolen articles to a man who asked no questions. One day they went to him with four botties of "chutney," which he bought for about one-fifth the sum at which that condiment- is usually re tailed, and they departed in great glee. On sampling his purchase a few days later, the amateur " fence11 made the tardy discovery that tho bottles contained a certain kind of pateut manure ' Then the Mahom medans are almost helpless in cold .weather. They look pitiful enough on shore sometimes, with their teeth chattering and their llesh of the kind called " goose:" but at. sea, during the winter months, when spray is dashing over "the deck, they are the most miserable objects imaginable. Some strange stories are told of t'" behavior of Lascars under these x -ditions- It is said that on ouq sion forty three Asiasties wf1T^ topsail yard from half-pr the. liionung g or jo tempting to furl the saiL 0f the were piped down, and some -Cawn. officers went aloft, did the work, ». reached the deck again all in less than, twenty minutes. Another, and a graver, defect in the Lascar is that in times of danger his fatalism - makes him worse than, helpless. "When, he thinks his death is at hand he will do nothing-he will not move or stir-to try to avert it. Td shipping circles very many cases in point are known - For example, a ship was once in grave l>eril: and yet the Lascars,., believing it and them to be irretrievably doomed, refused to come out of the forecastle, until the first officer went below and kicked one or two of them, threaten ing, at the same tiufa. to cram some bacon down their throats unless they turned out. In this or some- analo gous way the antipathy of Moham medans to pork has several times been turned to good account. On consideration of both sides of the question, then, where has the Lascar an advantage over the En glish seaman ? It is not easy to dis cover it so far. One point, however, remains. It is this, that the natives of this country require rest, while those of the East Indies do not, or at least are supposed, not to. Shipowners - think that they can, and will, potter about for forty eight and even sixty four hours at a stretch. Theoretically they do work on occasion-such, for : example.as when cargo is being taken j in and out of the ship-for so long a i spell: actually they do not, for when there is the ghost of a chance they take turns in having a nap. So that - this is only a. very trilling matter! Still, the fact is that Lascars are con tent to waive hours of leisure, while Englishmen will not- do so. Lascars. aud coolies often serve a sort of ap prenticeship to the " calling of tho sea" before they arc engaged ou British vessels,a.ud belong to a higher class than do ordinary sailors of" this country. They are of various castes. *Tn the case of Lastar-imanned ships,the coal heavers invariably belong to one, , the stokers to another, aud the sailors to a third. Sometimes men 1 of -two castes are engaged for a particular task, though this is always avoided if possible. Different classes will w6rk together, but not as well as if all be- - longed to one. They will also eat together : though, as before said, the food must be cooked separately. The Lascars are invariably married men, ? j and have dependent upon them both | ancestors and descendants. As most | people are aware, Lascars as a class j know little or no English. Merchant ? officers are in the same position as regards their language. Hut there is not much difficulty, nevertheless, in giving orders :iud set-tug that they are properly carried out. There is a native boatswain-it is just the same on coolie-manned vessels - called the .' serang." who understands enough of English for all practical purposes. "When anything is require! to be done the officer gives the necessary order : to the quartermaster : he passes it on ; to the " serang." who in turn tells the other Lascars. Then these indi viduals pull themselves together, and after jabbering at each other,get hold of a rope as if they had a week be fore them to do the job. Presently, unless things go very well indeed, there is a little swearing, from the ofHci-rs d iwuward. as.before. Then j more swearing, and so forth and so ; forth. And tint- thirty I-ascars can j do in about half an hour what fifteeu Ejiglislimuuseanieu could " eat as S the saying in t-m minutes. i i cciurd&f; 'Journai* . 