bljoeb sentence IK . NORFOLK ISLAND. ' AVTIICMtC IimuiDS. ' ' ceitvici. cmnirKs h-onbt. lathe year '1630 ft s:range oatrege was oimmitted in Mslahido, Ireland, wbioh for :a year fasCfrd all (fijrls of tho antborltlos to diaoover the perpetrators. Tho crime that \- - ..i, n,ploA nnft t»i\q nnn lhat la now nrao- liosliy onknowo, bat at that poriod was of \- (request ooaurrenoe and gave rise to many \- dipgraetfol oiroumstanoes. It was that . of »mdy snatohlngj and Iho Malabldo oatrago "i carried oat under cxtraordio&ry; and i cullur sotroundlnge. . \ gentleman natred Talbot Edwards bad many years resided in Malabido Ho was ''i elderly - bachelor in 1830, and of very coentrio habile, and il was generally under- tond that bo was possessed of considerable «thb,' In the summer of that year bo . k ssrlous'y ill, and hie only attendant was old hoasekoeper who had come to (ha dis ci with bltn nearly twebty years pravionsly. birds' illncta beaamo so serious that a tor bad to be oalled In, who bluntly told ' patient to prrpiro himdelf for Ibe worst I arrange bis worldly affairs It ho bad not dy done so. The dying roan on receiv able intimatlbb at once bad a messenger -palabed tu Dublin for a certain attorney , hora he wished to draw up bis will. In doe orsa this man (ono MioliVEl Ilardy) ar- fvod and romalned with Edwards nntii his 'irtb, wbioh took placo a few days after. P'ii will was a most ourious dooumenl. .-nongit Mother things it. provided that a : «rob of tbroo approved men nhotild ba kept his grave day and night for thrco months, . otdor to prevent tbo successful operations i tbo " resurreotion men," as ths glioul-Ilko -jdy snatohers woro called. A substantial ' uaoy was left to tbo bonsekeeper, and the ' .itornry and theso two persons wcro cp- punted -tbo ezeantors of tho will. In tho vent of their not faithfully carrying out tho ' rust reposed In them, tho testator In another (suse invokod terriblo maledlotioos on their ads, Tuoso who know the IrUh oharaolerand \- superstitious revorsnoo they pay to the |uesta of the dying, oven when not accom- ni'-d by eurirs or threats of " hannting," (i readily believe that tbo housekeeper and attorney complied in overy respect with 4 iwarde1 r.que'!e. Hardy ssieeted three '.o to watah Iho grave, as provided In the ill, sod one of tho' Ihroo was a farm .oorer named Oharles Mooney. Ho llvod in small oabln near the cemetery, ami was uployed by tbo surrounding farmers when nny rrqaired help. Ho had tbo ropntatlon ( being, an osoellcnt workman, with an UUmlan'a fondness for whisky, and in 1836 ho was 41 years, but a baobolor, He was glad to aooopt tho position of gravs-wateber, at a very liberal payment was offered, although ho would have preferred -£roing It in soma other monocr than by \- aiuoling guard in a ohnrobyord over tbo . Q-ietal remains of a man about whom somo laser stories had been told, The Irish . . uaraetcr It might bs said is a strange mil- -«ire of lopsrstiiioas oowardios and dare-dsvil ' 'toorigo,.- i Half a eenluay ago it was qatto a ocrnmon thing for stalwart yonng men visit log a farm- iouio of an evening, wbero somo old erone .-uigbl happen tonarrata ghost stories, to re- 'Data at lbs honse all night, as they were too . righlsncd to go boms in tho darkness.. Tness same man would subsequently bcoomo the finest soldiers and sailors in tbo woild, performing deeds of heroism eqaal to tho agenda of Greek or Iloman warriors Liko . . Riobatd Ill.i shadows at night bad more ; terrors for, them than tbo snbalanoo of ten tbouBand mcn, but, unliko the bunchbaok usurper, the fears were notindaoed by an ' ovtl and aoousing ooQBoieneo. . - Obarles Mooney was a fair typo of bis \ oountrymen, and tbongh bis new oooopation / .was easy enoogb In. the daylight it was very \- . repugnant to him at night. Tho mon had to ; taken shift of eight boars caoh in tho twenty- v funr,1 Wbotber Moonoy'a oo-walobers did as \- - ne dfd is not pertiuent to the history of tho . veat, but it is oertain tbat Charles, the farm laborer, when on night watoboorried vltb him. a flask of "poteen," and when darapess set in ha slunk away baok. to his . oabio, aod sallied out again whoa ho had ar- . ranged to meat his reliof. In faot, Moonoyi . did pot watoh at all &t; night, and bis very , .venial offonoa was dealined to moel with an hwIqI retribution. It bappentd that Moonoy had to tnko tho -:.watoh from 10 p.m. until 6 a.m., on the first week after tho intorment, and ' for tbroe nights everything passed off all right, as the watcher simply pat in an appearance at ton o'oloak and six o'olook respectively. On tho morning, of tho fourth of Ostober, 1836, ho left hie oabin. whero he had spent, tbo night . instead of at tho grave, and walked ovor to . the ohnrobyard. It was n little after Avo o'olook and not yot daylight, but the twilight .. rendered objeots dlatlnotly visible He /sauntered slowly up to the grave, but when he got near it ho stopped in borrori for the . freshly thrown np earth clearly showed that . it had boon opened. Without stopping to \- see if the oofDn still remained he ran madly to the cabin of the man who bad to relievo Jm, and. the two returned to tho grave wncto ii wbb at ones seen the " Insurrec tionists "bad boon at work and oarrlod off tho defunot oooupaut. Attorney Hardy had .not yot left Malahido, and tho two mon at t once proceeded to him and told what bad ..- happened, What wero you doing to allow ouoh a thing, Mooney, It wab your watoh was it not ?" the lawyer askod, with a sovoro and sfftiobing look on his face. Thinking : that It wao beat to toll tho troth, espoolally as no mora watohing would bo acoeosary. Mooney informed Hardy that ho was too frightened to remain in the ohnrobyard at night, and tbat from a few minutes past 10 E.m., until almost daylight that morning ho sd boon aboont at his cabin. The attorney said very little, bnt as soon as possible he went to the honse of Franols Talbot, ft magiotrato, living in tbo plaoc, and \- had a long ooovorsation with him aboot tho \- - outrage. A olose search wis at onoo made, and during tho day the body of Edwards v wbb found at the- western end of iho oomo- tery, -the ooffin being oovored with a few inohes of earth, and lying boaido tho mound \- was ft spado with the name of "Mooney" out on tbo handle. Tho body had Koarooly boon disturbed, and it eeoraod strange that the mon who had gono to all tho trouble and danger (for thoy could be abol down liko mad dogs Ueanght at tho work) ehouldhave lolt tho objooto! tholr risky cntcrprioo behind them without the slightest- appiunt reason, A strango and unexpected ixplan-iion was « soon given of tho cause which induced tho resurrectionists to lo&v.i; thoir ghassly booty behind thorn, for both Hardy and the old boueokeoper eworo before Magistrate Talbot that a thousand guinoaB had bron burled In the coffin with Edwards. This was ono of the most solemn rcqaoata of tbo eeoontrlo old \- mac, and abont tbs non-fulfilmobt of wbioh -Jhomaledlotioua had been inoladod in the , , Tho bofly-Bnatohers wore,, doubtless, well acquainted with tho Malahido oburobvord nnd- tho. latest burial that had taken plaoo thorom. I'lndlng that the grave woe not , vwatohed, ae aupposcd, thoy' had violated it. , and on opening the coffin at th'ooppoBlto oide of tho cometcry had found tha money la It ,, A .thousand gqipeaa was a mofll weloomo and onexpeetod haul, and rendered tho grave, robbers independent 61 their nsool eoorco of rovonne, Haatlly throwing ft littlo earth ovoy the oofflo, they had disappeared, loavlnh only |he epado behind thoro. , .This was admitted to be Mooney'aby the Bin,jl imtelf, and tho oiroumiianoes anr- ...rouDaing it were very auspicious. . Tho Paia watoh tho grave on tbo ... pigbl 1) VTA5 oyoned find tboro tras qnly fcii own asBcrtioa that ho waa .not -present wben tho cot wao committed. It wea more-than likely that Mooney was on accssaaiy.lo the oulrego and had received a Bubst&nUal; bilbo to aid il, and tbo result was that tho unfor tunate farm laborer wna arrested on the oopital cbtrgo and tried at tho folloelDB aseiss. AUbcugh the roost diligent an- q-iirlco atd saaroh wao made no actual proof could be found that tho roan had rcoeivedany money, nor could any bo found oonocaled. It wai purely a o&so; of airoumstantlal ovidceeo, and a vory etrong oaso without doubt, Tbo judgo held the prisoner s refusal to say who wero his oompaniono in tho outrage— on tbo pica that ho did not know any inoro than tbo judge himself— to bo sheer obatinaey. and he told tho jury as mnoh. Mooney a explana tion that tbo spade rouat have boon tikon from tho "ekillion " in whloh ho plaoed it was characterised as absurd, and on (no judgo'a advereo Bdmming np ft voralot ol guilty wos retarned, and a sentence of penal eorvitnde for life imposed. Two montbfl after ho sailed in the oonviot .ship "Giea Soutborn ". for V8n Diemon's Land to begin , hie torriblo punishment of life transportation and oven the horrors of tho tedious voysga passed unnoticed, for tho blow had partly atnpeficd him, end ho was ob ono In a dream ' - Many years afterwards (in 1854) the trao faote of tho,'body-8aatohing"wcrorovOBledl but it waa too late to vindicate tho innooent man, who at that data bad long passed through bis awful pilgrimage in tho oonviot sottloments It appears that there wero four men concerned in tho ontrsgo. Two of them wero medical students of I)QblD,.in ratbor poor oiroam8tsnees,but who required a " enbject," snd st all risks wero determined to bavo one, snd Iho other two wero reildaola of Malsbide. Ono of them— a small former— was Aotaally on the jury tbat found Mooney guilty Tbto person was intimate with the convioted man, and know from conversations with him that bo was engaged to watoh Edwards' grave but, from a hint that Moonoy gave him after, imbibing & tow glasses of wbieky, bo know tbo man would not etiak to hia post at night. Tho etodenta met this struggling farmer and Induced him by a fairly liberal offer to help tbem In ob taining what thoy wanted, and bo (Donegss) got Ibooeeistanee of a man who was in hia employ to help for a consideration. On tho night tbat tbo outrage was committed Donegan went to Mooney'a cabin to ascertain if tho owner wos inside, and tbrongb a chink atthoond ho saw Iho supposed watobor sit ting at the tablo on wbioh a rush light burned enjoying the contents of hie " poteen " bottle. Mooney had, in foot, only roturnod & short wbila from tbo cemetery, Recollecting that ha had forgbtlen to bring a spado Donegan searohed round the premises oi tho negligent watobor, and in a " ekillion " found tbo one with tbo fatal word 41 Moonoy "on il. After exhuming tbo body, they carried it to where it was found, and on openiag tbo coffin, to removo it wcro astonished to dis cover tho gninces. A satisfactory division was soon mado and tbo object of tho mission Boon forgotten, for tho etudsntBooaldnow easily boy a "aubjeol" without running tho risk of being hanged. In 1851 Donegan was stricken by a fatal iitnoss, and he confessed tho substanco of tho abovo narrative to the priest who attended him. Tboolergymsn adviecd him to mako it pnbllo, so tbat tardy justloa might bo doao to Mooney. That poor wretoh and viotlm bad sank into oblivion, bo far a« tho pooplo of Mslahide wero ooneernod, and it was not known tbat he woi dead. The dying farmer made bis declaration to tho Hon. Franols Talbot, who yean beforo bad taken a magis terial part in the body- snotobing of Edwards, and mat gentleman at onoo brought the matter before the proper authorities only to bo informed, months afterwards, that ' Oon viot Oharles Mooney, prison number 2496, par chip Great Southern, bad died at Norfolk Islnnd'by jadioialprooesa on tho 3rd of No vember, 1648." - The victim bad beou eaori- ficod, and the death-bed expiation of Doaogan —and such remorse ia roallv no expiation— waa eix years too lata to bsnofit Mooney. Tho names of Donegan'a associates wcro never revealed, nud no attempt was made to discover them, for it would only bavo shown with a very lurid light tbst net only le the law frequently 44 a base," but that sometimes it is comparaolo to a very bloodthirsty aoimal that mast have a victim. On the 7th of July, 1837, Oonvict Moonoy arrived at HobaU Town, and for a month he waa plnccd in tbo barracks, preparatory to being sent to Port Arthur prison ; but ho was net destined logo there. His uojost son- tenoe.hod changed tho oarrent-of his Ufa la a remarkable manner. Prom being a barm less, good-natured, easy-going fellow ho hod beaomoamoroeoaod dangerous man ;bi9good qual'Ues had been driod np by tbo fiery blast of misfoituno wbioh had swopt over him. He felt that death would bo a merciful release frim tbs life thst lay in front of him, nud which as yet ho did not even know the full horror of. His advent to the Hobart Town barracks was not oaloulated to removo the gloomy and ferocious thoughts wbioh'filUd hia miod. The offioiale at Hobarl Town were mostly venal and orucl. They treated the felons mooh worse than they nied their dogs or tbo pigs which thoy . led with tho prisoner's rations. It was not in Mooney'a nature to stand tho -brutal insolonoo and re fined oroelty of bis gaolers, and he bad only been in tho b&rraoks; three days when he violently assaulted an official, but not until ho was almost forced to do so. It appears tbat a constable named .Walsh . had mado himself very obnoxious to tbe- batoh ot oonviots who bad 'arrived by the: Great Soutborn. More 'than onee ho fted- boaatsd that bo intended getting them a ioite of tbo lash, asbeeonaidered thoy wore not full fledged oonviots nntil thoy. had reoeived at least a " oool fifty." Although one of tbo- loweBt subordinates, tho Systom allowed him. a great deal of authority ovor the hapless wretohes who wero doomed ro oome within its draoonian provisions. Bv practising > few canning subterfuges ho had praotiaally- the powor of Ufe and death over thorny for he! could goad tbom on to a point of despera tion; whon-loaiog oontrol of thomselvoe thoy would nttaok their guards, and either bo shot down or hanged subsequently. Thfco da/a- alter tho prisoners had been landed from the Groat Southern six of ihem were engaged in the banaok yard, undor Constable Walab, laying down sions pitching. One of tbo prisoners was a septagonarian named Mad- docks, and the British government might woli bavo allowed him to dio in England, (or hia days werooloarly nnmborcd. He was ex- ooedlngly feoblo, whilo his palsied hand and emaciated frame made it abundantly ovident that h« waB absolutely uuflt for bard work. Ho struggled bard to sot tho largo hud heavy pitohers, but his efforts did nob pro- duco much result. Walsh spoke eovotal limes to him in a' roagh and brutal manner, nrglng him to work harder, and at last bo gave the trembling old man a pueh whloh sent bim on his faco. Moonoy was working beside Maddocke.'and, impelled by indigna tion, ho told Walsh ho was a " cowardly bruto," Tho oonetablo instantly drow bis otnb and strua tbo supposed body- snatober n violent blow with it on tho hoad, and tho latter instantly eprang at tho ofllcial and farlonsly dashed blm baakwards. lie would probably have killed tho ruffianly constable had not assistance promptly arrired ; and Otter boating Moonoy on tho bead until be was uooonBotonsi tho constables, who oatne to their oomrado's rssono. oarried the prisoner away.and.plaoiog him in a cell, chained him to tho (tone floor to await the ptonsuro of tbo! police maglatrato who would try bim and mete out what bo oobsidorod '.adequate punishment for eo. grave an offonao as as- aauUiDgaoonslabiowhosaperBon tho Syetcm .held to bo snored. For a week Moonoy did not appear before P.M. Marstoo, for ho was nbder the dootor's oaro, who said that his skull was slightly fraotured, but at tha end of that period bo .was brought into tho auguBt proBcuce; . Next week tho eerles o! oonvict records will be continued under the titlo o! "Stony Hearts." This will oohtlnnn and donoluOo the story of Oonviot Mooney'a tfreokod life, Gad wjlj bo olcxQeptlonaUaUrcBV . ' ' /v-: 