Cricket, The Intercolonial Match. NEW SOUTH WALES V. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. FIRST DAT-JANUARY 8. Although decidedly hot, the weather on January 8 was favorable to cricket, and tho intercolonial match between New South Wales and Sonth Australia was started on the Association Crickot Ground, where Ned. Gregory had prepared a splendid wioket. This " ia the third match in which the representatives of the two colonies have engaged, and hitherto fortune has been in favor of the senior colony, tho representatives of which side won tho first two matche3. This year, however, South Aus- j tralia has sent a splendid team into the field, 1 and there can be but little doubt that George Giffen and Lyons and their companions will make a bold bid for victory. While the composition ^ of tho South Australian team could acarcoly be improved on, so far as that colony ia concerned, the New South Walea Eleven has been weakened by tho losa of then captain, Moses, who sprained bia log so badly in tho lato international match that it is unlikely that ho will bo able to play again for some time. ! The attendance when tho matcft waa commenced at 10 minutes past 12 o'clock waa not largo. Turner, who captained the home team, won the toss from Giffen, and at once decided to bat. Tho umpirea were W. Slight, a very popular cricketer, who learned the game in tho ranks of tho South Melbourne Eleven, and Chizlett for Now South Waloa. Banner- man and S. P. Jonoa were the first representatives for New South Wales, and tho bowling was entrusted to F. Jarvis from the northern' wicket, and G. Giffen at the other end." A disaster nearly befol New South Wales in ? Jarvis's first over. * Bannerman played him to short-leg and refused to. re- spond to Jones's call for a run. Jones suc- ceeded in ? getting back to his wicket, but had Jarvis not fumbled tho ball ho would have failed. Giffen's first over was expensive, as Jones glanced him three times to leg for 4 each time, and 4 more for byos mado 16 off the ovor. Bannerman snicked Jarvis for 2, and Jones added 1 more to his score at the expense of Giffen. After several maidens Jones brought 20 up by driving Jarvis straight for a single, and Bannerman back cut the samebowlor for a like numbor. A maiden to Giffen and then Jones drovo Jarvis to the off for 4, a very fino stroke, and then placed the same bowler to the on for 1\. In Giff en's next he hit him to leg for 1 more, and a singlo was credited to Bannerman well run by Jones, who followed up by driving Giffen for a single, j After some slow play Jones cut Jarvis for a couple, | but the bowling was too good to permit of the bats- man taking liberties. The wioket was playing splen- didly, and the fielding ground was very fast. Tho scoro mountod up steadily, Jones doing most of the work, and eventually 40 was reached,, Bannerman having made 6, whilo Jones had put on 26. One run later Chizlott gave Jono3 out leg boforo wicket to Jarvis. 1-27 41\. Donnan was next man, and started with a singlo, and Bannerman followed his example. The stono wallor had boen an hour making 7 runs. A single to Bannerman, and then Donnan was credited with 3, 2 being tho result of an overthrow. He next troubled the scorers by placing Jarvis to leg for 1\. The half century was eventually brought to view by Bahnorman glancing Jarvis to leg for a triplet. With the total at 56, an adjournment was made for luncheon, Bannerman being not out ll, and Donnan not out 10. On resuming after luncheon the weathor had con- siderably changed. The sky had become overcast, while a stiff southerly breezo was blowing. Banner- man, as usual, was in a tame mood, and played a maiden from'Jarris, after, which Donnan got Giffen to log for 1 and cut Jarvis for a brace twice, bringing 60 up. Ho then drove the samo bowler nicely for a quartette, and Bannerman, after a long interval of pottering play, got Giffen, to leg for 1. The stonewaller then aroused applause by hitting Jarvis to the on for 4, and 70 went up. The play for a long, time was exceedingly monotonous, singles alternated with maiden overs being the order of the day. At length Bannerman drove Jarvis for 4, bringing 80 up. The play, however, had boen tame in tho extreme, and the yawning spec- tators seemed moro inclined to sleep than to watch the game. At 86 Noel relieved Jarvis. Bannerman hit tho now bowler to leg for 3, and an appeal for leg before against Donnan was disallowed. Tho batsman exhibited his gratitude by cutting Noel for a single and driving Giffen for a couple. The fielding of the South Australians was brilliant, but the batsmen gave not tho ghost of a show. After a long interval Bannorman hit a looso ono from Noel to leg for 3. ^ Another batsman would have put moro power in the stroke, but the batsman appeared to be incapable of making the necessary exertion. Donnan made a nice drive for 2, and 91 appeared on tho board, and still George Giffen kept him- self on. Tho separation came from the other end, as A. Jarvis effeotod a smart catch at the wiokets, disposing of Donnan. 2-30-91. Don nan's play, although sound, was not characterised by his usual dash. Iredale took Donnan's place. Quiet as had been the play before it became still more tamo with tho advent or Iredale, and half a dozen overs only produced 2^runs, both being credited to Bannerman. He then glanced Giff en for 4, and two overs later he ropoated tho per- formance, bringing 100 up, the result of over I two and a half hours' play, "the contribution of Ban- nerman during that time being only 36, despite the fact that the wicket was good and the ground all that could bo desired for rapid scoring. Soon afterwards Iredale skied" Giffen, and was easily caught behind the wickets by Noel. 3-1-102. Turner became Bannerman's partner, and the interest taken by the spectators in the game bogan to revive as ¡ livelier play was anticipated. After Turner had opened with a single Bannerman was caught and bowled by Giffen. Tho stonewaller had been at the wickets for nearly threo hours for his runs. 4-36 -103. Sid Gregory was the new comer, and was credited with a single well run by Turner, who in turn fluked -Giffen to leg for a single. He then cut Noel for another single, and drove Giffen for a couple, and placed him to log for 1. A general appeal for a catch at the wickets waa given in favor of Turner, who then drove Noel hard for a couple. Gregory drove Giffen straight for a couple, and placed him to leg for 1. Turner then hit Giffen hard to leg for 4. An adjournment was then made for refreshments. On resuming af ter refreshment both batsmen were busy, Dut at 128 .Turner was caught in the long-field by Hayward, who judged the catch well. 5-16--128. Cal laway became the partner of Gregory, and tho latter drove Giffen for 1. Callaway followed his example and 130 appeared. Callaway next cut Noel for a couple, and hit him to leg for 4. Gregory then made a very bad Btroke and was caught by Blinman at mid off, Giffen being the bowler. 6-11-136. Clarke joined. Callaway, who ont Noel for a single, and he then foolishly ran himself out. 7-8-137. M'Kenzie joined his club mate, Clarke, and the aspect of the game waa decidedly unfavorable to New South Wales. M'Kenzio started with a singlo, and Clarke chopped Giffen to tho off for ono moro. Ono to Clarke brought 140 np. Singles were tho order of tho day, and they came quickly, both men playing with confidence. At 140 F. Jarvis relieved Hool, and Clarke cut him for i, tho last ball of tho over yielding 1 for a byo. After several singles M'Kenzie hit Giffen over the. fence for 5, bringing 152 to view, and despite fine fielding the scorestill increased rapidly. At 164 Haldane relieved Jarvis, and a wide was recorded against the new bowler. Clarke hit one from Giffen up to short-leg but there was no one there, and the ball found ita way to the ground. After several maidens Clarke drove Giffen very prettily 'o the boundary for a quartette, but almost immediately afterwards he was caught at the wickets by Jarvis, off Giffen. 8-14-169. Wilson, who played so well against the Englishmen at Parramatta, was nert man, and through tho instrumentality of M'Kenzie 170 wa3 brought on the board. Soon after- wards Blinman missed a difficult chance of catch- ing Wilson at mid- off. The batsman was credited with 2 and 3, both bad hits. M'Kenzie then drove Giffen hard and straight for 4 and 2. He tried tho same Btroko again, and was caught by F. Jarvis close to boundary.. 9-25-184. Wales was last man. After two singles had boon added to the score, Wilson hit Giffen nicely to tho off for 3, and Wales sent the next to leg for 4. Ho was badly miasod off tho next ball by Blinman at mid-wicket, tho ball going straight to the fields- man. Although the end was expected, it did hot como so quickly , as some people seemed to think. Some smart singles wore made, and eventu- ally, tho . 200 was. hoisted amidst much cheering, Wales hooking Giff on to leg several times, ' not artistically but certainly - effectively. Ho soon caught and passed his partner. The second century was soon followed by 210, and still the scoring went . oh, but at ,215 the end came, F, Jarvis catching Wales at ßhort-leg. 10-21-215. Tho stumps wore then drawn for the niffht. SECOND DAT-JANUARY 9. Tho game wag commoncod at 10 minutes past 12 o'clock on Saturday, tho first representatives of South Australia being Lyons and A. H. Jarvis, a drizzling rain was falling, and the attendance was small. Turner from tho pavilion wicket opened to Lyons, who placed tho second ball prettily to leg for 4. He hit tho next fair into the hands of M'Kenzie at long on, but the Sydney man dropped an easy catch. Jarvis scored a single off the samo over, and Callaway took up tho bowling at tho other. Jarvis got him away twice for a couple and then playod a ball softly back into tho bowler's hands. 1-5-10. G. Giffen was noxt man, and clayed tho last ball of the over. The bowlers had to uso sawdust, but tho wicket was playing fairly well. Lyons sont tho leather to the off for a triplet, and Giffen drovo Turner for 4, a pretty hit. In Callaway's next, Lyons was busy, and hit a neat 4 to log bringing 20 up. He then cut Callaway for a single, and drove Turner for a like number. Giffen drove the same bowler for another single, and Lyons put the wood on again, driving Turner hard for 4, giving M'Kenzie a possible but difficult chance of making a one-hand catch. He failed, however, and Giffon sent Callaway travelling to leg for -4. The batting was truly what the public like te see. Lyons was playing hard on every ball, and the ease with which he negotiated' everything made the bowling appear simple. The runs continnod to come apaoe, and 40 runs wore the result of the first half hour's play. Both bowlers were alike to the bats- men, and the runs were put on at a great paco. Lyons's luck was in, however, as ho gave a difficult chance to Gregory, but just a little too short. Fifty soon made its appearance, and not long after- wards 60 went up. Giffon welcomed its appearance by driving Turner for 4 ( a splendid hit) and 1. At 65 Donnanrelioved Callaway, and Giffonplacedhis firstto leg for 1, Lyons sending the next to leg for 3, and 70 made ' its appearance. Wilson relieved Turner at tho pavilion end. Lyons drove him beautifully for 4 and for a single. Giffen followed by playing the next hard forwaid for a single. More Bingles, and 80 wont up. A single to Giffen, aud Lyons sent Donnan to leg for 4. A drizzling shower of rain caused an adjournment, 85 runs having been made in one hour's play, the rate of run-getting having been double that of New South Wales. At half-past 3 o'clock, a steady rain was falling, and there was but little prospect of the game being re- sumed this afternoon. Tho players, however, were ready to resume should there be any cessation of the rain. Soon after half-past 3 o'clock the impatient publio who had patronised the outside portion of the ground rushed tho playing arena to express their dissatis- faction. Had the proper thing been done tho matoh should have been, postponed an hour before as the appearance of the sky denoted a set wet after- noon. However the publio rushed the ground and then the grandstand. This had the effect of causing the New - South Wales team to take the- field at 4 o'olook. It was still' rain- ing, and 7 came from Wilson's first over. A single wa3 scored in Donnan's over, and the bowlers had to have frequent.recourse to saw- dust; Lyons drove Wilson splendidly for. 2, the 4 being well saved by Gregory. He placed the next ball to leg for another brace. Lyons placed Donnan to square leg for 1, and Giffen put the same bowler away for 2 bringing 100 up< amidst cheers. Turner now re- lieved Wilson, and Lyons placed his first to leg for a brace, drove ,the third for a quartette, and the fourth for c couple. Still he was not tired, as he drove the last of the over for 2, 10 being the result of tho over. Giffen cut Donnan for a brace, and Lyons snicked Turner for 1. Giffen drove the next for another single, and Lyons did like wise. One more to Giffen, and Callaway relieved Donnan, the ^total score being 116. Thirty-one had been put up in 20 minutes. Giffen fluked the new bowler in the slips for 4, ^ and 120 was hoisted In Turner's next Lyons again opened his shoulders and drove him for 4, 2, and 4, the last being a splendid stroke. The batsmen still remained busy to the delight of the spectators, but Lyons did most part of the work, he making the outfield travel to save the fours. Several singles followed, and 140 went up. At 141 Bannerman relieved Turner, and Giffen drove him for 2 and a single. Lyons sent the next to the on for 4, and trying to do the same with the next he was badly missed by Gregory in the long-field. His soore at this time was 88, and tho band immediately, after the miss played slow music in sympathy with the feelings of the partisans of New South Wales. Lyons evidently relished the mistake, and hit Clarke, who had relieved Callaway, twice for 4 and a single in the same over. Giffen cut the same bowler for 4, and 2 byes made 15 in the one over. A beautiful leg stroke by Lyons brought his total to 102, and there was loud cheering. Another for a sweet off drive followed, and 172 ap- peared on the board. #. Callaway went on at Clarke's end, the latter having injured himself. Buns Btill came, and Lyons hit Bannerman for four. 180 soon appeared. After a short, quiet interval (during which the batsmen were evidently desirous of taking a spell) Giffon ont Bannerman for 4, ami 103 waa hoisted. Thia was followed quickly by 200, and it looked as if Lyona was bent on knocking tho cover off the new ball which had been supplied. At 209 Turner relieved Bannerman, and Lyons cut him for 4 and snicked him for 3, thus beating the Now South Wales score. Giffen added 1 more off the same over. At 229 Jones relieved Turner, but it was all tho same. Lyons hitting him as ho had hit others before for 4 to leg. The runs still continued to come freely, but at 244 Gregory smartly caught Lyona at short leg off Callaway. 2-145-244. The partnership had resulted in 234 runs being added to : the Bcore. The departing oataman had played a brilliant innings, although it wa3 not devoid of chancea. Walter Giffen joined hia brother. The latter >hit Jones to leg for 4, and aftor Walter Giffen had scored a single the wickets were drawn. . 1¿. THIRD DAT-JANUARY ll. I On Monday the intercolonial cricket matoh betrrefni . j South Australia and Now South Wales waarç resumed under mo3t unfavorable circumstances* ! After Sunday^ heavy rain the wicket waa deadj and the fielding-ground slow. A strong southerly? wind was blowing, and heavy clouds threatened rain. The state of the game on tho resumption of play was -Now _ South Wales, first innings, 215; South Australia, two wickets for 249. Tho not out men wore G. Giffen 95, W. Giffen 1. The latter received a maiden over from Turner, and it was quite evident tbe ' wicket was not simple. Calla« way opened with a maiden to George Giffen. In tho fifth maiden two byes were . scored; bringing up 251, and it was quite evident that tho wicket was difficult. Eventually G. Giffen cut Callaway for 4. Turner sent down four maidens in succession to W.'' Giffen, who ..played every ball like a ' thorough cricketer. G. Giffen eventually brought his score over tho century by hitting Callaway to square-leg for a triplet. The - fifth maiden was credited to Turner. Callaway followed the example. Tumor's sixth maiden followed, and Callaway bowled anothor over without result, Walter Giffen having to stand on his toestoplay every ball: Atlength G. Giffen scored tho first run off Turnor by driving him hard for a single, bringing 260 hp, and Walter Giffen soon after got - his second single. The scoring waa slow, but eventually George Giffen put the wood on, and sent Turner to squaro-leg for 4 and 2, and then drove the sanie bowler for a single. He then placed Callaway to leg for 1 more. His brother followed his example. Giffen put a ball up danger- ously close to Gregory, and brought 270 up. A maiden to Callaway, and W. Giffen sent one from Turner to Wilson too hot to hold. Ho then gave Iredale a some- what easy chanoe in the long-field, but was let off. He showed his gratitude by driving Turnor for 4. G. Giffen-back cut Callaway for 4. Bain was now falling but still they continued to play. The score still con- tinued to mount up, both batsmen playing fine cricket. With the score at 289, tho rain forced the players from the field.- . - Tho players remained on tho ground until nearly 4 o'clock, when, as it was still raining steadily, the stumps wore drawn for the day. FOURTH DAT-JANUART 12. Heavy rain necessitated the postponement of the match until tho following day. FIFTH DAY-JANTTAEY 13. Something like fine weather at last prevailed, and the Cricket Match between N.S. Wales and South Australia was .resumed on the Association Cricket Ground. Tho state of the game at tho start waa -New South Wales, first innings, 215; South Aus tralia,. two wickets , for 289 runs. The not out men were G. Giffen 120 and W. Giffen 14. Tho wioket looked greasy. Callaway openod with a maiden to G. Giffen from the southern wicket. Turner wont on at the other end, and Walter, after missing the first throe, dragged the fourth to the on for a single, bringing 290 to view. He then drove Callaway for another single, and G. Giffen, playing at a bumpy one from Callaway, snicked it, and ^ was caught in tho slips by >. Clarke. 3-120-291. The retiring batsman had played a brilliant innings. Haldano was next man, and W. Giffen drove Turner for a single. Haldane followed his example, and did the same with Callaway. Giffen put the next up to the off, but there was no one in the way, and two was scored. Another single to Hal- dano, and after Giffen had scored one more Haldane hit Turner straight into the hands of Jones at long on, an easy chance, but it was dropped. Haldane hie Callaway to tho on for a brace, and the third century was passed. Haldane soon reached double figures, and Walter Giffen added 2 for an off drive at the ex- pense of Turner. Soon afterwards Haldane put a bumpy ono from Callaway into the hands of Wilson at point. 4-10-307. Reedman then appeared at the vacant wicket. It was plain that the wicket was in bad condition, a3 both bowlers wore . getting up in dangerous fashion. After a couple of maidens Beedmau was clean bowled by Callaway. 5-0-307. F. Jarvis was noxt, and oponed with three singles, and then Giffen mado 1. Two for byes followed, and Jarvis lifted Callaway clean off the playing ground for ,5. Ho tried to do the same with Turner, and was caught by Wilson at mid-on deep. 6-11-322. Wilkinson was next, and Giffen added a single to his score. Wilkin- son then hit Turner to leg for 4. Giffen then attempted to out Callaway, and was caught at coyer point by Jones. 7-24-327. Noel came, next, and before the scoro had-been added to Wilkinson was given out leg before wicket to-Turner. 8-4-327. Blinman joined Noel, and the play became very slow. After one bye had been scored Noel was clean bowled by Turner. 9-0-328. Hayward was last man. The new comer at once hit Turner to square leg for a couple, bringing 330 up. After a short interval Hay- ward was caught in the long field off Turner by Ire- dale 10-2-330. Bight wiokets fell to-day for 41 , runs. New South Wales require to get 115 runs to save a one innings defeat. During tho luncheon interval the wicket was rolled, and at 20 minutes past 2 o'clock the South Australiana took the field. The first representatives of New South Wales were Jones and Bannerman. F. Jarvis, from the pavilion end, opened to Bannerman. The little, stonewaller glanced the first ball for 4. G. Giffen bowled from the other end, and Jones hit the last of the over to leg for 4. In Jarvis's next over Bannerman was caught at short slip" by Walter Giffen. 1-i-8. Donnan appeared at, the vacant wicket and waa caught by Beedman at mid- wicket, close in, off the first ball he received from Jarvis. 2-0-8. Iredale came next, and Jarvis nearly did the hat trick by bowling him with the first ball. Jones snicked Giffen for 3, and ll was posted on the board. A leg bye was the next addition to the score. Buns came at a very slow rate. Eventually Iredale was well caught by. Noel at square leg off Giffen. 3-1-13. Turner waa New SouthWales's next hope, and started by hitting Jarvis to leg for 3. Jones .placod the samo, bowler to leg for 1. Turner then sent a bumpy ona back to Jarvis, and was caught and bowled. 4-3-17. Gregory hecame Jones's partner. The latter skied Giffen, but there was no one under tho ballanda Bingle was Bcored. Gregory scored a single, well run by Jones. Thus far it had occupied 40 minutes in making 19 rana, Gregory skied Jarvis to leg for 2, and then drove the next very prettily for 4 and then 3\. He next drove Giffen, for 8, and 30 was hoisted. Jones fluked Giffen behind the wicket for 3, but Boon afterwards he was well caught by Blinman over the bowler's head. 5-13-34. Callaway appeared at the vacant wicket, and started by hitting Jarvis to leg for 3, and driving Giffen for 2\. Jones was then caught by Beedman at mid-wioket, close in, Jarvis being the bowler. 6-12-39. Clarke joined Callaway, who was afterwards stumped. 7-7-41. M'Kenzie entered into partnership with Clark, who drove Jarvia nicely for 4, and soon afterwards he repeated tho performance. He then cut the same bowler for a couple of 2's, making 12 in the one over. M'Kenzio then went out at Giffen, but missed and was Btumpod by Jarvis. 8-0-53. Wilson was next, and poked the firBt ball just over midwickefc's head for 1\. Clarke cut the next for 3, and then Wilson was caught at short-slip by. Walter Giffen. 9-2-58. Wales was last man, and each batsman scored a single. Clarke next got Giffen for 2, but the next ball waa fatal to him, aa ho was caught in the long-field by Beedman, 10-18-62. South Australia thus won by an innings and 53 runs. The following are the scores : NEW SOUTH WALES.-First Inninga. Jones, lbw, b Jarvis ... ... ... 27 Bannerman, o and b Giffen ... ... 36 Donnan, o Jarvis, b Noel ... ... 30 Iredale, o Noel, b Giffen ... ... 1 Turner, c Hayward, b Giffen ... ... 16 Gregory, c Blinman, b Giffen ..." ... ll Callaway, run out ... ... 8 " Clarke, o A. Jarvis, b Giffen ... ... 14 ' I M'Kenzie, o F. Jarvis, b Giffen ... 25 Wales; o F, Jarvis, b Giffen ... ... 21 | ? Wilson (not out) ' ... ... ... 15 I Sundries - ... ... . ... ll " Total ... . ... 215 ? Bowling Analysis.-F. Jarvis, 174 balls, 18 maidens; 47 rans, 1 wicket ; G. Giffen, 127. balls, 19 maidens, 122 rans," 7wioket« ; Noel, 114 balls, 8 maidens, 29 runs, 1 wicket; Haldano, 42 balls, '4 maidens, 6 rans, 0 wicket, 1 wide. . NEW SOUTH WALES.-Second Innings. Bannerman, o W. Giffen, b Jarvis ... . 4 Donnan, c Beedman,b Jarvis ... ... 0 Jones, c Beedman, b Jarvis ... ... 12 Iredalo, o Noel, b Giffen ... ... 1 Turner, c and b Jarvis ... ... 3 .Gregory, o Blinman, b Giffen ... ... 13 Callaway, st A. Jarvis, b Giffen ... 7 Clarke, o Beedman, b Giffen .... ". 18 M'Konzie, st A. Jarvis, b Giffen ... 0 Wilson, c W. Giffen, b Jarvis ... 2 Wales, not out ... ... ... 1 Bye ... ... ... ... 1 Total ... ... ... 62 Bowling Analysis.-Giffen, 72 balls, 3 maidons, 28 runs, 5 wickets; F. Jarvis, 72 balls, 6 maidons, 33 runs, 5 wickets. SOUTH AUSTRALIA.-First Innings. A. H. Jarvis, c and b Callaway ? ... 5 Lyons, o Gregoiy, b Callaway ... ... 145 G. Giffen, c Clarke, b Callaway ... 120 W. Giffen, c Jones, b Callaway ... 25 Haldano, c Wilson, b Callaway ... 10 Beedman, b Callaway... 1 ... ... 0 F. Jarvis, c Wilson, bTurner ... ' ll ' Wilkinson, lbw, b Turner ... ,,. .4 Noel, b Turnor . ... ... . ... 0 . Blinman, not out , ' ; ' " .... 0 Hayward, o Iredalo, b Turner... : ... 2 Sundries ... ... ; ... 8 . Total ... : ... ; ... 330 Bowling Analysis. - Turnor, 247 balls, 132 runs, 13 maidens, 4 wickets ; Callaway, 288 balls, 95 runs, 17 inaidGns, 6 wickets ; Donnan, 36 balls, 15 runs ; Wilson, 24 balls, 21 runs ; Bannerman, 42 balls, 34 runs, 1 wide ; Clarke, 6 balls, 13 rans ; Jones, 18 balls, 12 runs. ?. 