Potteriis. Gardening as an occupation for ladies un necessity of earning their livelihood has not - ceived the attention it deserves. The manual labour, once the ground is prepared, is by no means severe and the cultivation of hovers is eminently suited to women. Their hands are defter, then- patient greater and their artistic perception keener than those of average men, and above all the vor * can re done at home, interfering vdry little with their domestic duties. Watering is the chref difficulty, but by adopting the Cliaffey Brothers' system ot irrigation, a half acre garden closely planted with hovers could be kept adequately supplied with water through the hottest veeks of the year vitliout any trouble and at a very trihing cost, Oven at the rates charged by the Metropolitan Board of Works. Pine blossoms always fetch a good price in the Melbourne market no matter vliat the season, for the bulk of cut hovers and pot plants sent to market are too defective for good table decorations or artistic bouquets. Besides grooving hovers for the market ladies could go to clients' residences to tend theii gardens. In last week's Table Talk reference vns made to the society in London of lady gardeners vho attend to the hover boxes ornamenting the vindovs of most of the houses of the vealtliy. In Melbourne hover boxes are not used because there is scarcely a house without its bit of garden ground. Still it m surprising how very few people ornament their verandahs vith pot plants, considering the advan tages such a covered space offers for the arrange ment of a living bojiquet. The number of veil cultivated garden plots in Melbourne and the suburbs is very great, but there is not one which can be called perfectly artistic. "Bedding out," in gaudy geometrical patterns which make foliage and blossoms mere mosaics of form and colour, happily, is not very fashionable, but it is very seldom any taste is displayed in the picturesque grouping of shrubs and hovers. Those plants which require support are tied in nn ungainly bunch round a stake, blue blossoms are placed against purple, yellow against orange, and no attempt is made to effect artistic grouping of foliage. D'Israeli in his novel, Loihcdr, gives a very good description of a pretty garden, and for scenic effects there are some bits of the Melbourne Botanical Gardons that are unrivalled. Everybody complains that more literature is publisliod than any one can possibly read, and the consequences is that numerous ingenious people are devoting their energies to classifying and summar ising the publications as they appear. Mr. Stead's Review of Reviews is perhaps the most notable instance of this Jin do sidclc industry. For years past pub lishers have been issuing volumes of " extracts " or *' selections," from popular or famous authors, and it is singular vith what vory poor taste the selections are made, but the explanation is the books avo com piled to sell, rather than vith a view to educate a litor ary taste among tliepublic. There are a great number of people anxious to bo able to boast that they have road all the popular authors, and these are the patrons of the volumes of extracts or selections. They have no real literary taste and do hot oven desire to have any. Inverting again to the practice of literature sorting, n,11 the ministers in the various Australian Governments, lileo their follows in Europe, set clerks to road all the newspapers n.nd cut out any paragraphs referring to themselves or the department they administer. These paragraphs or loading artioles are neatly pasted on to shoots oi foolsoap vith marginal notes, and will prove invalu able to biographers or historians. In London and Now York companies have been in business for some years now to perform a similar duty for private individuals avtists, actors, authors, musicians and barristers being regular customers. Here i8 another industry for ladies. Op all the heap of books that appear at Christmas time, the only one that has gained a widespread popularity this season is tho collection of "truo" ghost stories by Mr. W. Stead. The taste of the public, however, has changed in this regard verr much since the early days of " spiritualism."' Haunted chambers, the eerie rattling of chains and ringing of hells, are quite discarded in favour of psychological phenomena. The only fault nhont this class of "true " ghost stories is that theprinci. pals, even when they are of such high standing Sir Edmund Hornby, late Chief Jnstice of the Consular Court of China and Japan, will invent " corroborative details." Australia, by the vny, i3 not without its ghost stories. The Rev. H. Mackaii, of Broadmeadovs, however, is probably tho only-white man who has witnessed that mysterious phenomenon which the aborigines attribute to the manifestationsof an evil spirit which delights to kill men who venture into its fastnesses in the primeeval forest. "Wnv hack in the fifties, the esteemed Presbyterian minis, ter got bushed one evening on the Keilor plains, His horse was dead beat, so he resolved to camp for the night. Some time before midnight he was startled out of an uneasy doze before his fire by his horse galloping up to him and crouching against him with all the signs of abject fear, Looking around, Mr. Mackaii himself was startled to seo in the faint starlight tho trees on a distant range of hills swaying violontly as if borne down by a fierce tornado. Hot a sound was heard. The air was perfectly still, and the motion of the different tree tops ceased as suddenly as it had commenced. Mr, Mackaii, how ever, could sleep no more, and his horse would not leave his side until the rising sun had dispelled the grey, eerie light of dawn. The following is a list of passengers by the Union Company's steamer Flinders, which left on January 30, under command of Captain H. A. Morrishy, for Launceston :—Saloon—Mr. and Mrs. Collit, Mr. and Mrs. Tankey, Mesdames Greenwood, Thompson, Lawrence, Williams, Hewlett, Coleman, Billiard, C, It, l£uight, two children and nurse, Misses Place, Jones, King, Young, Fysh, Sinclair, Togan, Messrs. G. C. Hunt, A. B. Black, J. Thackarny, F. J. Hnrber, i Clarke, Downos, Creig, Parker, C. II. Chambers, E, , McLood, Hosio, Hunt, Stoo, C. C. Kennedy, E. D. » Swan, C, J. Aster j and 10 in tho stoorago. The following is a list of passengers by the Union Company's steamer TVairarapa undor command of > Captain J. Mnclntoslx which loft for Now Zoaland Ports and Ilohart, on Fobruai'y 2 :—Saloon—Mr.and ■■■ Mrs. Learmonth, Mr. and Mrs. Synnott Mosdnmes Winny, Armytago, nurse and infant, Gates, Culh hurt, C. S. Ward, A. Oliver, Nonnau, Younger, Soarle, Arnott, liowlott j Misses O'Connor, Sin- ; clair, Wholagan, Jones, Yule, Connolly, Grahnm, Biuwoll, Dyer, D. Audoi'son, Magrath, Bans, IVhitt* < ingliam j Messrs C. M. Jjloyd, Albert, Muok, S, ; Smith, O'Grady, Duncan, Morgan, Lucy, Croding* ^ ton, ltout, Abrahams, "Wells, Charles, Lodinghain, Suhling, Ilonderson, A, B. Colo, C. T. Ward, 1 Hamilton, Synnott, Gatos, J. C. Wood, Taylor, Pitt, Peyton and servant, Gnri', Armytago, G. JCitchon, g Mill, P. H. Lossor, E. Tliwaitos, C. Andorson, Cnr* | michaol, D. Lyons, Hunter, Arundel, Ellis, WfthWi. | Archer, Stuart, Hogg ; Itevs. Canon Potter, P. P""' p hachi j and Dr. MoKonzio j and 37 in stoorago. | 