CHARLES HADDON SPURGEON. IN MEMORIAM SERVICES. THE CITY TABEBNACLE. The services in the City Tabernacle yesterday were of a special and mournful character, and had direct reference to the recent death of the Rev. Charles Haddon Spurgeon, the world- renowned Baptist preacher. In the morning every seat in the large church was filled. The pulpit was draped with black, the sombreness being relieved, however, by a fine wreath of flowers. The service was opened by the playing of the "Dead March in Saul," and it may be remarked that all the hymns were appropriate to the solemn occasion. The prayers offered up were of a touchingly tender character, and there were not a few tear-bedimmed eyes in the congre- gation. The Rev. W. Whale, at one time a student under the deceased illustrious preacher, occu- pied the pulpit, and chose his text from the first chapter of St. John, 4th verse : " In Him was life : and the life was the light of man." He said that he had been separated from his people for only a brief time enjoying his holi- days, yet the roll call of eternity had entered many names, among them the Duke of Clarence, a prince of the realm who was in the line of succession to the British throne and crown ; also a prince of the Church who, as preacher, priest, and cardinal was an ornament to the position he held ; another, a preacher in the ministry of healing, Dr. Morell Mackenzie, was widely known and highly esteemed by rich and poor ; and now the prince of preachers, and one of the manliest of men-Charles Haddon Spurgeon-is numbered with the illustrious dead. Among the great ones none were greater than he ; a greatness not of human birth or of ecclesiastical titles, but of spiritual birth, and simple dignity and whole- hearted service. "He that is greatest among you shall be your servant," said Jesus ; and Charles Haddon Spurgeon had been a ser- vant of the servants of Jesus Christ for a whole generation past. Had I (said the preacher) been unable to occupy this post of duty to-day, it would have been a grief to me, for I could not think silence becoming at such a time as this. For myself, I would prefer to be alone with God, and to let the great preacher and dear loving friend speak to me out of the eternities into which he has entered. His eloquent silence is to me a mighty speech upon human frailty, manly virtue, and heavenly hope. But to you I would speak of him whom we all so lovingly esteem ; and I would that the spirit of God should make me equal to the theme. It is no easy task. Mr. Spurgeon was to me more than a name, more than a preacher; he was a friend, a benefactor, a brother, a pastor, a teacher, a guide, and counsellor. Nearest was he, of all I know on earth, to my ideal of the Christ. I knew his face and form and forceful utterance, and manly sociability, and loving intimacy. I knew his indefatigable industry, his diverse capabilities, his spirituality of heart, aim, and purpose, and yet-perhaps I ought to say and therefore-I feel the difficulty of dealing adequately with his name and fame. Paxton Hood was the best analyst of his character and sermons, but Paxton Hood also has passed on before, and the complete analysis will be possible only after many days. I shall not trouble you with biographic detail. Where he was born, when he went to school, and such like things, are minor matters ; we want to know his place and power in the history of the Church. All the Churches love him, and will revere his memory. Differences of opinion will not hide from them the true nobleness of his character. He has made all denominations his debtor. He is a great historic personality compelling notice, and commanding the homage of the people. He had his faults-for he was human, but " even his failings leaned to virtue's side." He was a sinner saved by sovereign grace; a believer obedient to his loving Lord ; a soldier courageous in the fiercest fight for God and truth ; a saint whose example drew others to follow Jesus. He was the Whitefield of the nineteenth century. Mr. Spurgeon had a vivid imagination, akin to that of John Bunyan. He had the logical force and some of the organising ability of John Wesley, but White- field was his ideal preacher, and if he followed any human example it was that of Whitefield. A splendid voice, a natural elocution, a deeply earnest spirit, and a keen ambition to save men from hell were points in common with these two men. He was the nineteenth century Puritan. In theology he drank deeply from the fount of Puritanism. Owen, Brooks, Adams, Sibbes, Swinnock, Charnock, and others were his delight. He popularised their works so that they were republished and sold in thousands. Mr. Spurgeon could see that what is called "modern thought" was often want of thought, and that there was more intellect as well as more unction in those books than can be found generally in the books of the present day. He was Puritanical in services and worship. No organ, no professional choir, no accessories or elaborations. Just the sing, read, pray, and preach of the older time-a later edition of the Covenantor, not accepting the most recent evolutions of that noble band. Is he the last of the Puritans ? God forbid ! It will go ill with world and Church when the spirit of Puritanism is cast out. The forms and adapta- tions may vary, but noble characters must result from the same spirit in every age of the world's history. He was a man of largely human heart. Some people seem to be all intellect and no emotion. He was full of sympathy with Nature in all her moods, and with man in all his aspirations. " John Ploughman's Talk" indicates his know- ledge of the fields and the flowers, and the folks who live and love, and sin and weep, and pray and hope. Mr. Spurgeon was no mere cleric, or dawdling dandy, or effeminate courtier ; but a broad-shouldered, jovial-faced, kindly-hearted man of the world, in whose life God was revealing Himself to man. He was a genuine philanthropist. His heart was with the people. He loved the lowly and the homely poor. The rich and great who were living for the public good had his respect and esteem, but his ministry led him to use the favourites of fortune so as to make them stewards of God's bounty to the needy and the lost. The almshouses near Walworth- road Railway Station; the aid ren- dered to the poor in his congregation ; the assistance sent to help preachers whose lot was hard and whose labours were earnest ; and that better known work at the Orphanage, all go to prove that he was a lover of man. He has made a place for himself in the literature of the century. His first book was called " The Saint and the Saviour" ; his last was sent forth from the sick chamber and yet is one of the cheeriest of his many works-I refer to " Memories of Stambourne." About one hundred volumes have been issued either from his tongue and pen, or under his direct super- vision. The most complete work on the psalms ever published is from his pen. "Morning by Morning" and "Evening by Evening" offer their aid at the family altar in many a home. Besides being a prolific author he was a reviewer of books. The richest and raciest re- views are in the Sword and Trowel monthly, and his work on " Commenting and Commen- taries" is a marvel, and contains 1437 reviews of a class of literature not usually regarded as "popular." He has popularised evangelistic preaching. By his brief comments on Bible lessons and his downright earnest exhortations he has made evangelical effort more Biblical. The street preacher, the cottage worker, the lodging- house mission, the city mission, properly conducted, always commanded his assistance. He has been a living protest against degeneracy in the Church. That the Church has tended to moral flexibility and mental pride there can be no question. The facts are tending to justify his opinion about "down grade" teaching, if not his action in connection with the Baptist Union. Every man in the union loves Mr. Spurgeon -not least those who have disagreed with him. He has lifted up a standard against scientific materialism, against flippant, erratic,and mere bookish Biblical criticism, and against spiritual degeneracy. He has done much for educating the religious, and for the religiousness of education in the land. He had no faith in education apart from religion. One of his most recent letters is in favour of Bible teaching in State schools. He sustained a school at the Almshouses. The Orphanage schools are amongst the best in London. The colportage work is educational as well as mis- sionary. The evening classes at the Taber- nacle have been conducted for about thirty years for the better education of those who want to preach the gospel. Nearly 1000 young men of limited means have been trained in the Pastors' College, of whom at least six are now labouring in Queensland. Those who have slandered him by describing him as ignorant, unlearned, ill-informed, and fanatical have done a great wrong, and should deeply repent their sin. He was a large and liberal-minded man ; a man of practical common-sense, keen wit, and ready humour ; a man of strong con- victions and the daring needful to defend them, but no bigot. A Baptist by conviction, yet a friend and fellow-labourer with Pedo- baptists; a Calvinist of the type of Andrew Fuller and Matthew Henry, yet a most loving friend of the Wesleyans. He would not tolerate those who would take away the inspira- tion of the Bible, or the deity of Christ, or the sacrifice ot the cross, or the crown of rights of King Jesus. He was strongly opposed to those who taught that a man might safely die in his sins because of a possible salvation after death ; or because of a Calvinistic preordination that all shall ultimately be saved. He had not the same objection to the doctrine of conditional immortality, because that doctrine made the work of Christ for man's salvation and the work of the Holy Spirit in regeneration abso- lutely essential in the plan of redemption. He was a Christ, because he had in him the life of Christ, who is the true light of men. In Jesus dwelt " all the fulness of the Godhead bodily." In Spurgeon dwelt the Christ in measure, by faith. The force of his life may be given in the words of Paul : " I live, yet not I, but He liveth in me; and the life which I live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself for me." Of lowly domestic origin, early in life feeling that he must be about his Father's business, openly confessing his sonship in the appointed way, realising his call to preach and to heal and to bless, enduring temptation and triumph- ing over it, finding it his meat and drink to do the will of Him that sent him, and having passed through the Gethsemane of pain in a spirit of self-surrender to the sovereign will, he gave up the ghost, saying, " Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit." So like the Christ whose anointed he was. Mr. Stead's view has been fulfilled in Mr. Spur- geon, for he was a Christ, under the great Christ of God. He has been " faithful unto death." His yet unburied form will be looked upon by thousands. Through tearful eyes they will gaze upon the beloved. The forceful fire will no longer flash from those eyes ; the heart will pulsate no more; the brain throb and nerve thrill are for ever past; the seraphic fervour of that voice will be heard no more ; the lips are dumb in the eloquent silence of death ; the spirit has returned to God, who gave it ; the trustful saint is for ever with the Lord. It is difficult to imagine those faculties unable to perform their functions in the service of mankind, but the last enemy has done his worst, and wc bow our hearts in submission to the Supreme all - wise, all-loving Will. After a touching refe- rence to the bereaved loved ones of the deceased preacher, to whom was offered the heart's deepest sympathy and condolence, Mr. Whale concluded an eloquent sermon as follows:-"Mr. Spurgeon lives -in lives reedemed from sin ; in books where his noblest thoughts are enshrined; in grateful memory of the poor, the aged, and the orphan whom he has succoured ; in the hearts of a thousand men whom he has trained for work ; in the church where his ministry has been exercised, and in its members all over the world; in the spiritual momentum he has given to the universal Church. Best of all, he lives with the great heroes of the ages, and with Jesus, in whom his life is hidden peacefully secure from all the gloom and pain of mortal life. Let us lift up our eyes and hearts towards that heaven and hope and joy in which we shall meet with our loved ones and our Lord, and where we shall by the grace of God see once and again-Charles Haddon Spurgeon." In the evening the church was again crowded. The Rev. W. Whale took his text from the 11th chapter of the Epistle to the Hebrews, and the concluding part of the 4th verse : " He being dead yet speaketh," and spoke of Mr. Spurgeon's place and influence in Christian hearts and lives. It was a masterly exposition, the preacher lucidly and clearly dealing with the eloquence of silence and the immortality of character. It was announced that a memorial service would be held in the City Tabernacle on Thurs- day evening next, at 8 o'clock, an hour nearly corresponding with the time of Mr. Spurgeon's funeral in London. The service is to be held, as Mr. Whale said, " in order that Christians on this side of the globe may join in the funeral service to be held on the other side." Ministers from other denominations are to be present, and short speeches and a service of song are to be given. WICKHAM-TERRACE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Both at the morning and evening services at the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church the Rev. G. D. Buchanan made reference to the death of the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. In the evening he reminded the congregation of the united service arranged to take place in Bris- bane at the time of the funeral, and urged them to take part in it. For although Mr. Spurgeon was a minister of the Baptist Church, he was not confined to that Church ; neither was he confined to one sect or any denomination. He belonged to the whole of Christendom, to the whole world. He (Mr. Buchanan) trusted that the time would come when with all Christians there would be union, not alone in meetings of sorrow but in meetings of joy, that a broader sympathy and a greater kindliness would minimise more and more the distinct cliques which separated them into sects and denominations. Subsequently, preaching from 2nd Samuel, 1, xxv., " How are the mighty fallen in the midst of the people," he treated of the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon as a preacher, a citizen, and a man. How many people in the world, he asked them, either consciously or unconsciously uttered the words of the text on the previous Monday, when the electricity brought them the news that Mr. Spurgeon had gone over to the majority ? How many as they had heard him, mighty in eloquence ; how many as they had known him, mighty in sympathy ; how many thought of him, who had never seen him, mighty in influence ; how many thought of him as mighty for good, mighty for humanity -"fallen in the midst of the battle;" for he was only 57 years of age. And yet had he fallen in the midst of the battle ? Surely not ; for on Sunday night the Rev. Charles Spurgeon passed beyond to a brighter light. His death had added one to a roll over which they should ponder. It they thought of the death-roll of 1891 they would say that it was one of the most brilliant-if there could be such a thing as a brilliant death-roll-both of eminent men and women that the century had seen ; and already in 1892 another bright particular star of the ecclesiastical firmament had been eclipsed. A star of the first magnitude, with what telescope should they measure him ? It was not his (Mr. Buchanan's) purpose to refer to the incidents of the history of the deceased gentleman ; nor of his biography. His pur- pose, rather, was to help his hearers to get a little of the inspiration of the man's life, al though they were here at the Antipodes; and to find the source and secret of that inspiration, in order that they might drink at the fountain head. He was the gift of the Baptist Church to the world ; no, he was greater than that-he was the contribution of Christianity to the world. He might have been said to be the last and the greatest of the Puritans. He (Mr. Buchanan) almost said the last with a sigh ; for he feared it was only too true. Mr. Spurgeon was a nan who drank deeper than any other man into the readings of the Puritans, and in him was concentrated the Puritan dash, humour, and fire; a man who, rather than yield one idea of the principles of Puritanism, would stand alone in the world, being yet one of the world. His was a name that would stand in the history of the world in some respects higher than that of Bunyan, and he left the world just when they might think the world needed his testimony-the testimony of preventing the world's mov- ing too rapidly. He (Mr. Buchanan) wondered whether under the new theology they would find such a man as the old Puritan doctrine brought forth. Let them wait and hope, being sure that it was still in the hands of God. He would rather look upon the deceased gentle- man as a large-hearted Christian, a man un- fettered by any sectarian influence. No fence ever could fence him in, any more than they could fence in the fragrance of a magnolia tree in full blossom. He did all things in his own way ; he was a natural man, and 6000 people twice every Sunday hung upon his lips. There was no humdrum about him ; none of the little " tricks of trade." Would there were more like him ! He (Mr. Buchanan) could tell them why some churches nowadays were empty. It was because the people were tired of the intolerable humdrum taught by people trained in theological colleges, where they were taught to put their foot in a certain place at a certain time, and to bow just at such a period. Mr. Spurgeon broke through all the conventionalities, and that was how he came to the people. But breaking through all the conventionalities of Church life and thought, the result was that critics went to hear him, and to criticise him when thousands were hang- ing upon his lips. Never in the course of the nineteenth century did a man receive such bitter criticism as Charles Spurgeon received in the early part of his career, but the greatest possible good came out of it. He was mis- reported, too, and to such a degree that he had to publish his sermons in self-defence. Thus instead of preaching to 6000 he preached to hundreds of thousands—for which they had to thank a vindictive Press—he (Mr. Buchanan) did not know whether the reporters would receive a crown of glory for it. The great secret of Mr. Spurgeon's success was his earnestness and his faithfulness to Christ. As a citizen he was a citizen king, ruling over multitudes both by his pen and his voice ; loyal first to the Throne of Thrones, and then loyal to his country. Lastly, as a man, he lived for humanity, and from him they might learn what Christ could make of a man living in this world. Previous to the sermon the organist (Mrs. Willmore) played the Dead March in "Saul," the congregation standing, and the concluding voluntary was Chopin's "Funeral March." ______ SANDGATE BAPTIST CHURCH. In memoriam services were held at the Baptist Church, Sandgate, yesterday. Hymns suitable to the occasion were sung at both services, which were conducted by the Rev. Thomas Breewood. In the evening Mr. Bree- wood based his remarks on Acts ix., 15, 16. He spoke of Mr. Spurgeon as one of the few of the world's great men, saying that great men were raised up at special times for special works, and the whole of the Baptist denomina- tion thanked God for raising up such a man as Spurgeon. He related many interesting facts in the life of the great preacher, mostly taken from the time during which the speaker was a student under Mr. Spurgeon. The Dead March in '' Saul" was played, and Pope's Ode, " Vital Spark," sung as a solo during the service. 