BETHLEHEM AND CHRIST. [By the Eet. W. H. P. Facnce.1 There are two places in the land of Palestine that must always be of supreme interest to every Christian traveller—Bethlehem and Calvary, the scene of the glorified manger and the scene ot the uplifted cross. These places mark the termini of the earthly life of our Lord, like the piers of a great suspension bridge between which the structure descends to the level of humanity, and offers it3elf to all the press and stir of daily human liie. Over each of the two spots as tradition has preserved them a magnificent church wa3 erected in the fourth century; to recover these places to the Christian faith was the object of the crusades; around them have marched con tending armies; in them kings have been solemnly crowned; to them pilgrims from every quarter of Christendom still jour ney ; and just because these spots are the centre- of the Scripture history they have become the centre of another cycle o' historic events extending through the Christian centuries. Yet how disappointing to every traveller must be a visit to Bethlehem or Calvary ! The place of the crucifixion is prac tically unknown, and the place of the wonder ful birth is filled'with' straggling superstitions— little in either is suited to elevate or inspire Christian faith. Still in Bethlehem stands the Church of the Nativity erected by Helena; bub its glory has departed, among the throng of bedraggled pilgrims worship is well-nigh im possible, while the inhabitants of the sleepy village around it earn a scanty livelihood by magnifying the past, and selling mementoes iu stone or shell of the splendor which was once but can never be again. Still in Jerusalem a Church of the Holy Sepulchre lifts its crumbling walls above the squalor of the streets ; but travellers dispute about the site, superstition has replaced true devotion, and on festal days the broils of dis cordant pilgrims render this the most unhappy place in all the.Holy City. God intends that Palestine Bhalll be a disappointment to all who would find room, in Christianity for the wor ship of holy places and the erection of sacred local shrines. All over that land one sentence seems written—"Though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now henceforth know we Him no more." That spirit which imagines that "the hills over which walked those blessed feet" are somehow nearer heaven than other hills, that a vow made in Bethlehem is more sacred than other vows, that baptism in the Jordan i3 more acceptable or efficient than other baptism, that a pilgrimage through Gaiilee has more merit than other journeys, has received it3 r6'ouke by a series of historical event3 which we cannot regard as less than providential. He who concealed the body of Moses, lest it should become a snare to ancient Israel, has by storm and earthquake, by fire and sword, by the tooth of time and by sudden convulsion so changed the face of Palestine that nevermore to an intelli gent Christianity can the holy places be exalted above the Holy One, nevermore can worship on this mountain or that be substi tuted for worship in spirit and in truth. Athens and Rome still keep-their monuments, on which we may read their ancient life, though for a thousand years the world lost all interest in classic life and literature. But that land in which from the Christian era till now there has been the keenest interest among all civilised nations, where there has been every motive for the preservation of every memento, whose reiics were treasured by kings and thought to work perpetual miracles—that land has suffered ravages beyond all others._ Its soil has been trampled into mire by invading armies, its cities besieged by Roman generals, its temples'.plundered"By Turkish hordes, until we can scarcely say that a tree or stone is left on which Christ once looked. God has : OiObuSu uuu uuu mtjujuriitia ui ouau auvjiouu xutr, has drawn, as it were, a spoDge across the .surface of the once beautiful country. Let us ■rejoice that it isso. That Palestinian life was but the. theatre for the local manifestation of the Eternal "Word. Localities pas3 and customs change—but the Christ abideth for ever. We do not need to cross the seas to fiud Him. - It may be ■ easier to worship Him in this church than if we stood now beneath the gnarled olives or gazed into the legendary manger at Bethlehem. But a man might say, "It is true that to day in the sleepy, straggling village of Beth lehem we find no hint of the greatness_ of Jesus. But we see it in decrepitude and ruin. Could we have seen it once, or could we have looked on Nazareth in its glory, we should see how such places could give birth to a Mes siah." But were these villages famous cities in their day, so renowned for intellectual and and spiritual power that there we find the explanation of the Christ ? Listen to the prophet—" Thou, Bethlehem, art little among the thousands of Judahwhile of Nazareth there was the common proverb that " nothing good can come from.there." Here is the fact on which we do well to ponder, not only on Christmas morning, but through all our mornings and evenings—that Bethlehem cannot account for Jesus. Do mangers produce . Messiahs ? Things bring forth after their kind—this is the primal law of Genesis. It is true that genius often arises from lowliest station, and the great human powers seem to make way for themselves through narrowest surroundings. The seed of the oak is small, the eonrce of the Amazon in significant, and great men have usually had lowly cradles. But 'here is more than genius or greatness. What if out of the acorn should come in a single season a forest of Lebanon ; what if out of the Amazon springs should come a river of gold. Consider the meaning of this fact, that from the lowliest of peasants sprang the soul that has swayed the mightiest intellects of the world. Look at the. genealogies at the open ing of Matthew's or Luke's narrative. The fact that it is difficult to reconcile them is proof that the disciples did not invent any ancestry for their Master, bub in Bimple fashion copied public records as they found them. . And what an ancestry is here! " And yet within three centuries after His death the crowned heads of. the. civilised world are to bow before Him, • and every succeeding cen tury is to show the greatest intellects of the race following the Persian magi and laying their treasures at His, feet. Dante. and Shakespeare and Milton bow in reverence before Him; -Charlemagne and William of Orange exalt Him as sole Lord of national life; Newton, and Faraday, and Agassiz turn aside, from telescope and microscope to pronounce His name in prayer ; Pascal, and Kant, and -Kichter, and Goethe, and Hegel, adjudge Him to be, nob only the highest of ethical teachers, but the key to human history; Augustine, and Luther, and Wesley, transformed by His grace, devote all life to His service; and the ,moving powers of the last eighteen centuries have been themselves first moved; by Jesus Christ. I would not', indeed, accept^ the testimony of great intellects as decisive," for man is vastly more tbanintellectv sad the finest culture and dee pent pliiiusophio thought have often gone baud in hand with moral enervation and deiiajvand have even served as shelter for the gffrssest tonus of vice. Mere intellectual cul tivation produces intellectual gladiators rather thari-brothers, logicians rather than workerB, niagnifies the-''.form ol thought above its con tent,* add exercises a dispersive influence over powers which only spiritual conviction can concentrate- • Yet we stand face to face with the, Tact which I deliberately repeat—a rule the more conspicuous because of some rare exceptions—tnat tits moving powers of .the rijghteau centuries have been themselves moved by Jesus Christ. ■ .Consider another related fact, that out Df ,'tho most materialistic of religions came the roost spiritual of teachers. Judaism clung with almost ferocious tenacity to external signs and symbols. Many things in the Old Testa ment are concessions to this national and racial macefialioin. - An altar of atone or bronze, a literal sacrifice of slain beast or bird, a visible tent-or temple with a mercy-seat on which Jehovah war supposed to descend and sit— these w'Hte to the Jews essential to any religious life. ;Tfce loss of the ark was a national calamity, the destruction of the temple was the real downfall of Judaism—modern Jewish rationalism is but the wandering ghost of a dead and bnrit d faith. In the gorp ;1 story we see the national Ipnging was for a repetition of Sol.inoij's establishment—except they saw ;i»ns and wouders they would not believe. And Miming this people was born that Teacher who said—'"The kingdom "f heaven is within you;' w*ho pronounced the doom of the temple: who, amid the Jewish ritual, pro tiourivui t'ie children free, aad taught the most lofty spiritual cnncptions of God and eternal lift-fwnich the-world has pvt known. So far from, being the realisation of the national ideal, Hp died because fle wo-dd not realise'it. So far frnui Vicing the bright consummate flower ni'.Te viih a'-piratioii, lie rebuked that aspira tion with unswerving courage, and died bs can.se He tanzfit sordid materialised souls to worship in the temp's of the heart only. C hi-idm\ r.'.-o, that cut of the narrowest re rac'so/tniH the most universal ot teachers. Il-ligi.iii was iu Christ's day a part of patriotism, bach natiun having its own cultus a*, its .customs,, each jte.iple its own deity to propitiate. A universal religion was deemed a monstrous couception—why one styleof faith any in;-re than one style of government or architecture? ■ But the .Jews went still further, maintaining; that the people who knew not their law w«s nuder a curse The charac teristic of Judaism, ancient and modern, is its- refusal W recognise the universal element in'religion or in humanity. But out of this race come One who said : "Other sheep I h-ivp Which tie nor. of this fold," " My Gospel eh ft! 1 be preaohed iu the whole world," "I vill< .'draw..-.all men unto Me," who dis 8pp-?rr-d ' I while with outspread hands Ha oiled " Go ve and teach all nations." Out of the people whoso horizon was most con tracted came the teacher whose glance outran nil philosophers, who taught all human beings to say "Oar Father." •Consider; 'also, that out of an age which exalted power as supreme, came one who exalted love as supreme in God and in man. I will-not linger here. The symbol of Runs was the rtpaciou--, unwearied eagie. Military virtues were supreme. Soldiers bought and sold the throne. The Jews wanted a con quering general as Messiah. Out of such en vironment' arid atmosphere came One who exalted the feminine virtues and proclaimed that the meek should inherit the earth. Yes, out of such a narrow, sordid, stifling atmo sphere came a charaoter that was and dared to call itself absolutely sinless. Out of this life, surrendered " to formalism, materialism, and tinctured with hypocrisy, came the only Great Teacher who'ever trod our earth and pro claimed Himself a siales3 man. Out of the rqanger came the Christ; out of Bethlehem the One who said—"Before Abraham was I a&." " In asking if the faith whioh alone makes Christmas Day possible is yours, I do not ask under what definition you think of Christ, but whether your thought of Him permits you io trust Him and follow Him with erateful and adoring love. The sentences may falter iu which' we say it, but that Jesus Christ is the perfect revelation of the Father, this is the faith of the- ages, this the explanation of the Messiah in the manger, this the precious faith Of the Church which was, which is, and is to he. .• Let all bells ring it out until the s^eejtles rock; let_ all .choirs chant it inJ "h'n Snthem high and service clear;" let all men repeat it — old men and maidens, youog men and children, and let the echqes.vibrate iu our hearts through all the coqping year.^ Christ may walk through our formulas, but He may abide iu our hearts. AOd as "Bethlehem could not produce Christ it could not confine Christ. As we look back find, sea this Child born into circumstances hnrn.'iw and discouraging, among a people fdrtni! and rigid, where even His brothero doubted and His mother rebuked him, we niigho well ask, " Will not all this crush Him, ber.u'm'i Hiui ? Will net the tithing of mint, lui's'", iiiiVJ i-.nuiruiri, the dead orthodoxy, the e-iHIhos v..io i-fi-tinions, round off this young Chili! 'it Bethlehem, grind Him down, mould Huu »tul make Him merely aa exponent of thy national, desire ? Will He not add one tnoitt to the .lisc ot well-meaning reformers, wno have quailed ab the voice of the people and followed the multitude they should com mand - Ob, I do.Dot know anything which ought to bring more-hope and strength to any heart iu whicji,t'iere lingers some tnnt of discourage . n.eno to day than the contemplation of this Child of-Bethlehem, rising through all the chilling atmosphere about His cradJe_, rising through all the indifference, and stolidity, and stupidity of the age, rising and lifting all His ti'atioo with Him as some giant mountain lifts the village - on its broad shoulder. When we "see a Christ* coining out of little, straggling, sleepy Bethlehem. the lesson is just this—you are greater than the walls and hedges about you. Barriers of natural circumstance and public opinion, difficulties natural, hereditary, artificial — no matter what they : are—if there could be a Christ in Bethlehem, then there can be a God-like, Christ-like man just where you stand. Life is greater than all the opposi tions I of the world — the only ques tion is whether we are divinely alive. Say not-, " In another place I could develop, cpnquer;-triumph ; under other conditions I eould achieve my mission think of Christ in Palestine, and heat Him Cry from the ascended heavens : " Be ol good cheer, I have overcome the world." ' The barrier which shuts you in may be a prickly thorn-bush, or it may be soft pillows of down; in may be the frowns and tus.-es of moD, or it may be their flattery and fawning ; but a lite of faith is stronger still. Christ rose out of His Bethlehem, and you can rise from yours. We see not yet all tilings put arider us, but we see Jesus. 