THE WORLOOF LABOUR. ? Melbourne unemployed officially re gistered 8525 up to July 6. The _N.Z. Knights of Labour are in creaeincr in number and now assemblies am being opened. --.??? Nominations for officers of the Cobar. N.B.W., branches of the A.S.IT. aSa G.L.UTmUstrbe-in by July 3L ? The^JtZ. shearers and labourers have decided at conference to go in heavy on organising and labour- iu-politics. In Auckland. N.Z.. sweated women make shirts at l^d. each. Ci^isation is coming. The miners at Mount Kembla, N.S.W., are notioed that coal owners want bigger profits, and that they are going to have 'am ? mnurefl tn ho rrviiiRnH. A strike is like war. If for a just cause a strike in a right inevitable, it is a healthful constraint imposed upon the despotism of capital.— Cardinal Manning. Ballot papers for the election of five life trustees of the Brisbane Trades Hall must be returned by July 22. Fourteen ? nominooo aro in the field. ' ? The G.L.TJ. is actively organising women workers in Sydney, under the title of Women's Division Australian Work*™ Union. Female orRanJBers are engaged in the work. The Zeohan (Tas.) miners «^m« ™* solidly against tbe wages cut at the Quean, King, Western and Silvester mines; and locked out to cut off relief from the Maes tries mines. The Western has since re opened at the union wage. Adelaide hairdressers put in 11 to 13 hours for five days in the week with 15 on Saturdays, in some cases without time off stop that kind of thing. rib **?'-» «u- ?«-*?? a. S.HUWW &*&*-m. *-dbV(arVr--lL V/UUUUIl declines to take part in the Melbourne proposal to send an Australasian delegate to the Zurich International Labour Oon greas next year ; cause, lightness of funds. A whttb baker struck Aramac and laid himself out to supply residents with bread in opposition to a Chinaman who holds the field. It was no good ; he was — sold up and the agony smiles: ? .THE unemployedjat York Peninsula, S.A. worried the Government sufficiently last week to get a clause put in a navvying contract 'local labour only to bo em ployed.' This was too much -for the middleman — who made tracks. ThH Kf.namshin nwnpm hntra hrmn Ai& cussing cutting wages wholesale on the intercolonial boats, but the A.U.S.N. and the Union Company of New Zealand de clare they're not on- TheA.II.S.N, has cut Brisbane wharf-labourers' rates, how- I ever. } The Warrego Pastoralists' Association I at its last special meeting talked of cutting I wages, but thought the unions too well organised. Cutting carriers' rates and I fiVMuinnt rkf *v\i'*f*«i *?»♦?_ \xrna nnv^ »IaaiJaJ ^.L 1 and the getting of blackleg teams from coast districts was talked of. Rockhampton Government Labour Bureau report last week had fourteen workers offering and eight in demand. Which no more than the Brisbane bureau l reports conveys anything like a decent ' notion of the enormous number who are anxious to be on the job for a fair thing. Hgbart wharf labourers are caught in I t.hp pfiT)p.ra,l outfought on wagoo. ? The j Union S,S. Company say* the Hobart men's wage rules higher than in any port in Australia. That was what the A.U.S.N: j — and Howard Smith 'a said about Brisbane, and what they will say every time till j there are no wages left to cut. I The Mc-lbourne wharf labourers, J aicnouga sney are noc averaging zos. per week, have again had wages ciiopped. whatever and, as in Brisbane, without any ] recognition of the union What sort of o!e nunciation of Labour would go r.p if such ormrinnt were the other way fthnut. ? — J A twenty per cent raid le to be made on all employes on the tugs, lighters and I launches at Port Adelaide and the Sema phore. M'ljwraith would say that this cut increased by another eighty per cent would make trade so brisk that store- I keepers would have to keep opeu day and I nignv no Keep pace witn tae Business done with penniless customers. At canal works, at Wagga, the ganger ordered all carters to do tiipp «-.i-i'p° for dar or ne'd aock them Is. 6d. each. 'Nine trips meaut 27 miles, or at least 9& houre-work. The agreement wae 12s. for 8 hours. ] Bather than submit to the imposition five union men took their drays ofLJihe job. | The ;rest stood it though — like lambs. I They' weren't unionists. — Hummer. The A.S.U. Executive Council met last week at Wagga. Besides regular busi ness, a protest was entered against the flooding of the bush by the wholesale granting of frGe passes to the unemployed ; also branches were authorised to uudertake CO ODerativG work where nra.nfcinn.hln ? aJan branches were recommended to send' dele gates to the Labour paper-conference. Shearing in rotation knocks men hard gomindah to Cloncurry ; but the Rock hampton Bulletin's Barcaldine correspon dent says these are only incompetent men, who loaf on their follows and keep alive antagonism towards -capital— with a lot more by the yard, which the Bulletin should know is only the assassination variety of the poisoned tank apple yarn. It is eaid that over a thousand free Passes have been issued by the Sydney Labour .Bureau for the Bourkef district' alone. In addition the pastoralists have induced hundreds of shearers to go to the' same district from New Zealand just as they have induced them to come to Queens land, while thoiiHanrls of lnna.1 mow aro un employed. And the only object is to soon rsauce wages. At the A.S.U. executive mooting at wagga last week, with representatives w? Ta8™ania. Victoria, New South w ales and South Australia, a resolution was unanimously carried against the reopen iag of ^he^laekbirdiagv-^yso^ ? tho^S'1!?11? 'monstrances be' made against CW.d * ° Coaling with the unemployed in &?« £ ana' whoreb7 crowds of men are sent S hnl? con,ntry on free passes to-the detriment oi dubU workers. v DvP'. Carhikrs' Union Bee. M'Oarthy says: A good number of Dalby teams ffiSfi1* l°r Sti G?n«e storekeepers at nS^ ft*!8' Aho t°* °»tfcle stations at J^*™ -Union rates up to ilSa miles. i — ? ? -??' : growers to onr offer to resume work on the same terms as the merchants are S^W The ffifcHtrthey have yet offered is a slight morease oh out loading, but are down on any increase for wool back.' He also says he visited Yeulba recently and rallied the men together. Fifteen have W1* th,e -^D'CU- 8inoe fche strike started and if Warwick district and coastal fcamsto willle true to themselves and I their brother workers starvation rates will I be given a set back. The quarantined crew of the Bunin yong barajefused to -sign clear at Peel Island. The port authorities say they must, but the men won't and wilUoubt less sue for full wages to theday of their release. Just why the Government which nas ordered the quarantining doesn't bear all expenses can only be explained by its general inefficiency. , Sec. W. Wood, of the Bourke A.S.U. writes to the Sydney Workman : By means of specious advertisements and ?H*^ ^'f? hundreas of workers from hat colony have been induced tooome over here ^.t.h,e?.neMuig..U-08t of them hpT^ mOT ^Q ««* I *.l .^'^'^work and good wages, to oome and take the bread from the mouths of those who depend solely upon the shearing season. ifflTr11! t?^086 mea rand fa Sydney they e° *- ui. office and ^curepens, i, 3are provided w th engagement forms-showfag the etations wuere ptrno arc reserved tot them, which, apon presentation at the Labour Bureau, secure them vioub!j- etatedr these inen have the money to pay their fares, as proved by their being able to pay heavy coach fares to the outlying districts where the sheds are situated. Surely the bureau was never intended to be thus used in he interest of the Pastoralists1 Union to crush bush unionism. I would ask the Labour mem Ders and the city unions to oome to our assist ance to prevent the continuance cf this iniqui The Broken Hill miners decided on Sunday last that there was no way out for unionism but in a strike. The mining syndicates have been in conspiracy for months to enforce contract work in the stopes. aud bo to introduce sweating in its vilest form and to break down theXM.A. not oniy tnere out on every field in Aus tralasia. Arbitration has been asked for, bat Capitalism has refused as usual. In stead of arbitration soldiers have ^eto TwrOT-fdrr and a bornw Bnsrfi hna hnon wurked up bythe mining managers, but so far the A.S.W. government has only sent armed police. Over 5000 miners are out and a strong picket system is being main tained round the mines with the object not ?J^_of k1Pokin&.Waeygr« but also pro visuins. ine Broken Jim men assisted the maritime men and the Queensland bush men nobly during their respective troubles and have thus a powerful claim to have I everj#hing done for them which can be done, even in hard times. ? I Arbitration about which bo mauy praises are sung is not getting a ghost of a show from the capitalists. A mining -dis- pute between the Wallsend Coal Company and the men was agreed to be settled by arbitration. The award was in favour of i,ue miners, wnereupon the company, which is one of the Newcastle ring, immediately shut down andsaid they would run things as they pleased. Gen. Sec. Curley thus sums matters: Of ^whut utility was it having a board of con euiataon and arbitration or a referee's court if f-!LWerS *° «*'«1i°°teome?.. Was it aVt a farce and a fraud when both parties, in dot- I fnT'nnt S* *? ^ **'»* ♦o'refer B master M£e deoisioii of that award, and when after -HM*»i«!-*nflgmBnt and great deliberation the awaraaM^een given, the director* shoald say J that on account of the award affecting certain I working rkoes they bad decided not to^S linnno pincoD, and thu warkmea would have to look for work elsewhere ? This was one of the I moBt vital questisns that had ever come before them, and as an faaividaat he had told them that if the proprietors were not going to oav any attention «o arbitration award! and boards of conciliation they might as well burn towl ?a°U 'Z,?j£nb m i '''' **?' r^nTtinn tn 1 orSS^e^tS^^oT^S's I seeking, b(jt was thrust upon them. 