Whose Wfts the Hand? Bt Mies Bbaddon, Ab&me; of 'Lady Audley's Secret/' &c; CHAPTER XXV.— Daisys Diaey in Joy. I am engaged to Gilbert Florestan. At last I Understand what it is to be an engaged girl, and henceforward I shall bo able to sympathise with every engaged girl in this world, of whatever nation, of whatever color, whether she wear ostrich feathers and diamonds in her head at the Court of St. James's, or a feather-girdle in some un known islet of the Seuth Seas, whether she spend her allowance on frocks or on beads. Yes, till I am 90, till I am cold in death, I shall be able to sympathise with every lover and every loved one upon earth, for now I know what love means. I known that it means everything. It means the color of the sky and the bright ness of the sun — it means the perfume of flowers and the freshness of morning — it means the balmy noontide, and it means the restful coolness of green waving boughs ; it means lamplight at eventide in cosy, gracious drawing-rooms — it means blind man's holiday beside the morning room fire ! It means all these, for all these have double beauty, and charm, and comfort, and sweetness since Gilbert and I were engaged. What will Cyril think, down at the bottom of this round globe, when he hears that Gilbert and I are to be married on the first day of the new year ? What can he think except that I am the lightest and most contemptible young woman he ever had the misfortune to count among his acquaintance ? Beatrice Beardon has been very nice to me. She says thatl have nothing to be ashamed about in the transaction. It is customary. It is, one may say, a rule of the game. When people break off an engagement, evpn if they had been engaged for years, and have doted on each other all the time, it is their duty to get engaged to other people ?without the slightest loss of time. They owe this to their own dignity. A girl who has the Blightest self-respect will get engaged within a week after the parting, even if she has to marry a chimney-sweep. ' Of course,' said I, ' that is what Claire does in the * Ironmaster/ and everyone knows what a perfect heroine she was.' ' If you can just tolerate Mr. Florestan, you may consider youtself very lucky,' said Beatrice. ' When I heard you were going to marry him, I made up my mind that he was absolutely loath Bome to you.' 'Did you?' cried I, 'Curious, isn't it? I really can just submit to the idea of a future existence as his wife. I shall live next door to mother, and that will be some consolation.' I meant to write everything in this diary. It was to be ' my novel,' the romance of my life, with all its bright colors and all its dark shadows; it was to be a book to whose pages I could go ba',k when I am middle-aged and when I am old, and live again all the happiest hours of my youth and awaken echoes of old voices, and every thought, feeling, and fancy of the passing hour. The wheels of the chariot roll on so swiftly when one is happy. One Bhould try at least to put a break upon memory; and for that there is only one way — pen and ink. Yes, I meant the story' of 'my life to be com plete; and yet I am going to leave one little blank —a little blank did I say— a blank which repre sents the crisis of my existence, the turning point between dull patience and consummate bliss. I cannot write the mode and manner of my engagement, that sudden passage from liberty to bondage, when he took me in his arms, in the arbor where we were once so miserable, and called me ' wife.' Wife, as if we were married already. Absurd, no doubt, to the indifferent reader, but the word thrilled my heart. I cannot write of his kisses, or count them as if they were pounds, shillings, and pence in the housekeeper's book. I cannot write all the sweet foolishness of his talk, tho undeserved praises, the intoxicating flatteries, which he protested were not flatteries. Of those ridiculous moments I can keep no record. Perhaps if I had been let in at the Gate of Paradise for half an hour I should not be able to describe the heavenly gar den when I came out again. It is the same with that half-hour in the arbor. He talked, and I listened, and we were eno-a^-ed. That is mv only record. J J On the same evening, however, we had a very serious conversation on the terrace after dinner. Mother was in her favorite seat by the drawing room window, Uncle Ambrose was pacing the room. We could see them both in the lamp light as we waited slowly up and down. The evening was wonderfully warm and balmy for the end of September, and tho great full moon was rising behind Lamford Church tower ; this being the third moon we have worn out since we left London. Wo talked of the moon a little, and he quoted Shelley, whom he knows as well as if he had com peted for one of Mrs. Crawshay's prizes ; and then I ventured to ask him a question which had been burning my tongue ever since we were engaged, just four hours and a half. It is wonderful what thoso four hours had done for me. I felt as nrc-*h atniv case with Tiiin as if T had Wji engaged for three weeks, and I began to under stand the cool audacity of girls who send their fiances on messages and make light of them in company, and tho free and easy manners of the motherly girl-3 who mend their sweethearts' gloves, and scold thorn for spilling things on their waistcoasts, and put diachylon-plaster on their ?wounds. ' Will you be very angrv if I ask you a ques tion ?' I asked. ' I should be angry if you wished to ask me anything ind didn't,' said he. ' Being your slave, what should I do ? ' ' Please don't,' I cried. ' Cyril quoted that sonnet once, and I was quite rude to him about it. I shouldn't like you to quote anything second-hand. Yet it is a lovely sonnet, isn't it,' I added apologetically, for the line sounded sweet from him. Cyril was not in touch with my ideas about Shakspere. He laughed, and answered with a most unnecessary kiss. ' You really wouldn't mind ?' I asked. ' From those lips all words are dear.' ' Were you ever in love with anybody before you began to care for me ?' ' Ah, I thought that question would come. Shall I answer it JesuiticaUy or honestly ?' ' Oh, honestly, please ; be brutal to me rather than dishonest. Of course I am prepared for the worst. You must have adored ever so many girls before you came to let your glances light upon in significant me.' ' Ever so many. That's a large order. Sup pose I plead guilty to two. I wish I had never looked at a woman, or at least never wasted a thought upon one till I saw you. I shouldn't, if I had only knowi. what was coming.' ' Do you really think I am as nice as the other two ?' I asked, comforted by those sweet words. ' I think you are to them as a wild rose on a hedge in the dewy morning compared with a double dahlia in the heat and dust and glare of tent No. 2 at a flower show. You are as the freshness ef the morning, and they smelt . of gas. The first could not help that, poor soul, for it was across the footlights my heart went . out to her.' ' Was she very pretty ?' I asked. 'She was very pretty.. That was just fifteen years ago, mark you, when I was at Eton. She is very pretty at this present hour ; she will go on being very pretty, I hope, till the end of the century. She is a burlesque actress, and I saw her in the daintiest little villager's dress you can conceive, dancing- as lightly as a real fairy, and not a stage one. Yes, Daisy,' he said gravely, ' I plead guilty to being over head and ears in love with Miss Millicant Melville, of the Hilarity, fifteen years ago, for the whole space of the Christmas holidays. I was stone broke for her sake, and spent all my tips upon theatre tickets, hothouse flV-wers. ana chocolate caramels. I delivered the flowers and the caramels to the surly stage doorkeeper, who may have sold them to the minor members of the troupe for aught I know. I never got speech of my houri, and I was heart hroken when I discovered, upon unimpeachable authority, that she had a husband and five children* How she did it — how she looked so lovely and Bylphlifce and childishly innocent, ?*rith an eating and drinking, smoking and swear ing man and five brats to work for, I have never been able to understand.' ' Was ahe number one ?' I asked. ' Xea she -sub number one.' 'in that easel forgive yon your first love And now tell me about your second.' ' That is a graver case, Daisy. T cannot make light of that infatuation. Cupid did not assail me with paper pellets that time. His arrows were barbed, and the barbs were poisoned. I loved a woman who was unworthy of mj love, Daisy. I passed through the scathing fire of a wasted* passion ? '' ' You loved her as well as you love ma ?' I asked, feeling just as if I had dropped from a paradise in yonder moon down to a hard, cruel earth. All my gladness perished in one gasping sigh. I felt sure he had cared more for her than for me. ' I'm afraid I must plead guilty to having loved her very dearly while my love lasted, Daisy; but the cure was a clean cure. There was not so much as a scar left from the old wound by the time I met you in Paris ; and from that hour I was yours and yours only.' ' And if I had not broken with Cyril, what would you have done ?' 'Lived on my roaming, desultory life, and suffered the dull agony of an empty heart.' ' Were you really unhappy in Scotland, in spite of grouse and capper-cailzies and things.' ' In spite of as fine a stag as was ever stalked, which this hand slew the day before I casually heard that Arden had sailed in the big new ship for Colomba.' 'And would you not have found some new divinity before Christmas ?' It was delightful to have him there and to be able to catechise him ; yet I could not help being savagely jealous of that unknown love, the number two in his calendar. I could not but feel that it was nice of ''*' to tell me the truth, even at the risk of offending me for life. ' Tell me about that second flame of yours,' I said, agonised with curiosity. '-Was she very lovely ?' ' She was splendidly handsome — a woman whose diamonds seemed more brilliant than those of other women, because they so harmonised with her bold, bright beauty. I was among many wor shippers, and I happened to be the most eligible of her adorers rrom a matrimonial point of view, and so she was gracious to me, and so I was her slave ? ' ' Did she jilt you?' I asked, for there was a bitterness in his tone which assured me the dear creature had treated him abominably. I could hare bngged her for it. ' Well, it was hardly a case of jilting. If I were to write my story, I should call the book ? Illusion and Disillusion.' I was fortunate enough to find her out — before marriage instead of afterwards. My innocent little Daisy can hardly guess what a world of misery that dis covery saved me.' ' I don't want to guess,' I said, ' but there is one thing I should like to know, Gilbert.' I blushed in the moonlight, and trembled at my own audacity as I pronounced his Christian name. I had my arm through his, and found myself giving his arm a gentle squeeze now and then just to make sure that he was real, and that all the ecstasy of this hour was not a moonlit dream. ' Ask as many questions as you like, fair Fatima. There is no blue chamber in my memory of which you may not open the door.' ' It does not pain you to speak of that wicked person ?' ' Not a whit. No more than it would pain me to talk of Cleopatra.' ' But at the time of your disillusion — did love die all at once, or by inches ?' ' Love died in an hour; but there was some thing, the shadow and memory and aftertaste of passion which was plaguily long a-dying.' ' Is it dead yet ?' I asked frightened. ' Dead as a doornail. Dead as Scrooge's partner, old Marley ; deader, for no ghost of that vanished feeling will ever haunt me. I was heart-whole, sound as a roach the night I met you at the Grand Opera, and from that night I was your slave.' 'Oh, that is nonsense,' cried I,.' you could not have cared for me all at once, a commonplace English person like me. What was there in my poor face to catch your eye ?' ' Innocence, truth, candor. The virtues which make man's life blessed and honorable. I saw poetic loveliness, and through that transparent beauty I saw the true and pure heart of girlhood, a heart of virgin gold, flawless, above price.' ' Don't, don't,' I cried, standing on tiptoe to put my hand upon his lips. ' This last illusion is worse than the first and second. How can I ever live up to such an ideal as you have made out of me?' 'Only love me, Daisy; there is no more to do.' ?rOh, that comes too easy. I did that before I was asked.' Mother's voice calling us from the open window put an end to our confidential talk, but my heart was quite at ease now that I knew the history of his earlier loves. If he had told me he had never been in love before he saw me, I should certainly not have believed him ; and I should have been tortured for all the years to come by inextinguish able distrust. All this happened nearly a month ago, though I couldn't bring myself to write about it before to-day; and perhaps I should not be writing now if Gilbert had not been obliged to go to London to see his solicitor — our first parting — leaving me to get through the day somehow without him. The grounds look so dreary, the shrubberies seem so empty — and oh, what ages to 8 o'clock dinner, when he will be back. CHAPTEE XXVI.— Daisy's Diaet in Soeeow. When I wrote the last line in this book I think I must have been the happiest girl in the world. There was hardly a cloud upon my sky — yes, one cloud, the fact that the man whom I thought my friend and benefactor was out of health and unhappy. Yet, in spite of that one cloud I was utterly happy, selfishly absorbed in my new happiness. To-day I take up my pen in fear and trembling. A dark and terrible cloud has closed over my life. I thank God that cloud does not rest upon my lover's head. He stands out in the sunshine, and all my thoughts of him are full of thankfulness and delight ; but I can no longer be the selfish, self-absorbed creature I was when I wrote those last foolish pages, giving myself up to this dumb confidant as I could do to no living being. I must think of others now. This dark discovery forces my thoughts into other grooves. I must remember that I am my mother's daughter, as well as Gilbert's affianced wife. Oh, it is all so sad, so awful, such a cruel reve lation, changing the whole color of life, stripping off the mask from a face that was once honored and beloved, opening a deep well of baseness and iniquity in the flowery garden-world where I was so nappy. To me it was as startling and sudden and blighting to come face to face with that great wickedness as it would have been to Eve in Eden if the ground had yawned at her feet revealing a charnel heuse there in that fair, new world where she had never heard of death. Sometimes, for a few moments, I doubt, and ask myself if I am not deluded, if that hideous suspicion which grew in an hour into abso lute conviction might not after all be ground less — and then I go over the facts slowly, in cold blood, one by one, slowly putting them together again like the pieces in a puzzle, and there the awful fact appears in unmistakable certainty. Oh, father, father, how that trusting open nature, that generous heart of youre was cheated ! How coldly, deliberately, and heartlessly your life was plotted away by the man who sat at your table, and smiled beside your hearth, and was to you almost as a brother. %lt was your own familiar friend who planned your murder. I must go back to the moment when this hideous secret revealed itself. It was natural that as Gilbert's fiancee I should tell him every thing that had happened to me in all my life, and indeed 1 fear that I must have bored him terribly since we were engaged by prattling to him about every insignificant detail of my colorless existence — my lessons, my boat, my playfellows and friends. I don't believe I have spared him a single doll, certainly not a favorite dolL not a single nursery anecdote, nor a single family joke. He haB been told everything. Two days ago he came into the drawing-room just as it* was growing dusk. He had been to London again, and we had had another parting, and I had felt very mopy all the afternoon, more especially as mother had gone off on her weekly round, to hear her weekly tale of woe3 and ill nesses. I did not expect to see Gilbert until dinner ianosv Jdfl lib, how my foolish heart thrille with, delight when I heard his step in the hall just after the elock struck 5. ' It is not very often that I have the privilege of making tea for Gilbert, and on this occasion I am sorry to say I made it so strong that it was hardly drinkable. I saw he made a wry face at every sip— though he declared it was quite the nicest tea he had ever tasted — and even chivalry did not enable him to empty his cup. 'Was it Metternich or some other great diplomat who sipped a glass of castor oil with every sign of relish because his host had offered it to him as particularly fine Tokay ?' I asked him, laughing at his self- sacrifice, and then I rang and ordered some chocolate a la Vanille, vrhich our butler makes to perfection. 'You poor victim of soft-heartedness,' I said, 'why didn't you tell me that the tea was horrid ? I overdid it in wanting to make it especially good, so that you might have a high opinion of my domestic capabilities.' 'I like strong tea,' he answered^ 'but cer tainly yours is fortissimo ; I fancy a good-sized pot of such stuff -would serve to blow up the Houses of Parliament.' How gay we were, as we sat and talked and laughed in the growing dusk, with our feet on the marble kerb, crooning over the fixe like John Anderson and his old wife. How proud I felt of my lover, and how blessed in the assurance that he was all my own, that I had. left no corner of his heart unexplored, no secret hidden from my prying eyes. We sipped our chocolate, which was really de licious. What superior creatures servants are 1 If I had attempted to make that Menier a la Vanille I have no doubt the result would have been ' ojious,' as dear Mr. Toole says in ' The Upper Crust.' We sipped our chocolate, and talked and talked, not from grave to gay, but from gay to grave; and presently I told my dearest the single secret of my life, the one act of mine which I had hidden from the best of mothers. I told him how when I first went to London I was haunted by the ghastly vision of my father's murder, and how a morbid longing to see the room where that dark deed was done took posses sion of my mind, and would not be driven away. I told him how I crept out of the house in the summer twilight, and every step in that dismal pilgrimage till I came to Church-street on my way horns. And then I told him of that intoler able Frenchman's insolence, and of the good soul in the hansom, to whom I should so like to leave a legacy when I am old enough to make a will, if I only knew his honorable name. ' I know my enemy's name well enough/1 said I, ' for, as the cab was driving off with me, his friends called out to him, ' Hola, Duverdier.'' ' Duverdier !' cried Gilbert, starting as if he had been shot. ' Great God in Heaven ! Why, that is the name of the man I believe to be your father's murderer !' In the next instant he seemed to regret having spoken, but I would not let him take back his words. I made him tell me all he knew or thought or suspected about my father's cruel death ; and stage by stage I got the whole story out of him. It was slow work, for he was sorely disinclined to tell me anything. ' Now that I knew something I must know all,' I said, when he refused to answer my questions ; and so, little by little, I heard the whole story. My mother had asked him to help her in tracing out a girl whom my father admired and had half a mind to marry before he had ever seen mother's face. She appealed to Gilbert, counting on his knowledge of Parisian life, and he had succeeded beyond his hopes up to a certain stage ; but just as he had put his hand, as it were, upon the brother of this Frenchwoman, whom he believed to be the so-called watchmaker in Denmark street, the man left Paris, leaving no clue to his destination. ' I could do no more than leave the case in the hands of the Parisian police, who have a strong motive for finding your father's murderer, if he is above ground,' said Gilbert. ' Of course my reasons for believing this to be the man are in a measure conjectural, but the circumstantial evidence is strong. The man who murdered your father was a man who knew the storv of your father's youthful love affair, and was able to use the French milliner's name as a decoy. It is known that Morel was in London with other Communists at the time of the murder ; it is known that he was heard of at Madrid soon after the murder, and that he was then .flush of money. For my own satisfaction I have convincing proof that this Duverdier is the man Claude Morel ; but it is not such proof as could be produced in a court of justice. The evidence that convinced yta was the evidence of a woman's face.' And then he told me how he ka-i met ftTorol'fi sister, and had taxed her with her identity with the girl whom my father once loved. Her emotion at the sound of my father's name was pitiable; her agitation when he accused her brother of the murder was terrible. After that interview he had no doubt as to the guilt of the man now known as Leon Duverdier. ' The one missing link in the chain of evidence is the means by which the knowledge of your father's movements on that fatal day was trans mitted to the murderer. He must have had an informant, if not an accomplice, either in the immediate vicinity of this house, or in the lawyer's office, where the hour and the nature of his appointment may have been known to the clerk.' A deadly chill crept through my veins as he said these words. I was glad of the growing darkness which hid my face from him. I was fflad that I had deferred the lighting of the lamps so as to prolong our blind-man's holiday. I sat silent, motionless, paralysed by the horrible suspicion which filled my mind. Some one at Lamford must have given the in formation that enabled the murderer to plan his crime. Who could that someone be unless it were the familiar friend, the confi dant of every enterprise and every idea of my father and mother ? My mother has told me in answer to my questions that no servant in tho house knew where my father was going or what he was goinsr to do that day. The conversation at dinner on the previous evening had not touched on the business part of the transaction. My father had been full of the land scape gardener's plans, and the talk* bad been wholly of the terraces and the arboretum of levelling and planting, and laying on water for fountains and greenhouses. All that was known in the household on that evening or on the following morning was that my father was going to London, and was to return before dinner. Yet some one had furnished such precise information that my father's murderer was able to meet him midway between the bank and the lawyer's office. Who was that accomplice, or worse than accom plice of the murderer ; since the idea of murder might never have entered Claude Morel's mind if someone, knowing my father's affairs, had not told him how ' large a sum of money might be gained by that crime ? Who could that secret assassin, that worse than murderer, be but the man whose footsteps were now dogged by the shedder of blood ? — who, but that man whose face bore in every line the marks of an unextingui8hable remorse, the man whom I had seen shrinking away with horror-stricken countenance from the room where my father used to sit, and where his guilty conscience may have conjured up the shadow of the dead ? His friend, his generous, confiding friend ; oh, God ! what a depth of iniquity. To have deliber atelyplannedthatcruelmurd6r,tohave plottadthe crime which a vulgar assassin was to execute, to have waited and watched the opportunity ; per hapB to have tempted and persuaded the assassin against some remnant of better feeling, some in- ? stinctive shrinking from bloodshed, some scruple of conscience. And to have been with us, day by day, after that devilish act, our friend, our con soler ; till at last, trading on a woman's gratitude for fancied benefits, he put forward his claim to the wife of his victim, and possessed liimRAif of the object of his wicked love. (to be continued.) The Hunter Eiver Show in the current number of the Town and CotrarTBY Journal is well described by our special reporters; a lady re porter doing those sections specially devoted to women's work. The four-masted ship Palgrave has finished her discharge at Hoffnung's Wharf. No less than 6523 tons 11cwt of weight and measurement was put over side in splendid order and condition by Messrs. P. Keane and Son. This amount is claimed to be the largest ever put out of one vessel in Sydney. The Palgrave was towed to the stream to-day. 