THE WHITE SHE-WOLF. By Gilbert Campbell. 41 Quito well,dear papa," answered the child; " but where u th« fine white wolf-skin that you promised me." " Your father did not find her," answered Ravina, with a little laugh ; " the white wolf waa not ao easy to catch aa he fancied." Alexia had morel a few steps nearer to the lady, and waa listening with grave attention "to •very word .she uttered. *' Are white wolves ao difficult to hill, then ?" asked he. "It seems so, my little man," returned the lady, "wince your father and all the serfs of Rostopolun were unable to do so." " I have got a pistol that good old Michal has taught me to fire, and 1 am sure I could kill her if ever 1 got a sight of her,"' observed Alexis, boldly. " There's a brave 'Jboy," • returned Ravins with one of her shrill laughs ; 41 and now, won't you come and ait on my knee, for 1 am very fond of little boys ?" " No, I don't like you," answered Alexia, after a moment's consideration, "for Michal •ay* " | " Go to your room, you insolent young brat," 1 broke in his father, in a voice of thunder; "you spend so much of your time with ! Michal and the serfs that you have learned all j their boorish habits," Jro tiny tears tolled down the buy'a cheeks J "obedience to his father's orders he turned I t and quitted the room, while Ravins j darted a strange look of dislike after him, j As soon, however, as the door had closed, the 1 fair woman addressed lxatrina. j " Well, perhaps you will not be so | unkind to me aa your brother," said aba ;: 41 come to me," and as she spoke she held ont 1 her arms. The little girl came to her without hesitation, ; and began to smoothe the silken tresses j which were coiled and wreathed around Bavins'* i head. j "Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; "beauti ful lady." j 44 You see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little | daughter has taken to me at once," remarked Ravina. __ " She has taken to you in a most wonderful! manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; ; 44 you have quite obtained possession of her heart." *' Not yet, whatever I may do later on," an swered the woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and eliding dowu from her knee, crept from the room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Ravina remained silent tor a few moments, and then the woman broke the silence. ".All that remains for me now, Paul Serge vitch, is to trespass on your hospitality, mud to ask you to lend mi some disguise, and assist me to gain the nearest post-town, which, 1 think is VitroskL'1 " And why should you wish to leare this at all ?" demanded Paul, s deep flush rising to fait cheek ; 44 you are perfectly safe in my house, and if you attempt to leave K<>*topchiii,|yo will inevitably fall into the hands of *the police." . " And Paul Sergevitch will tell them where they can find me ?" questioned Rtrina, with an ironical inflection in the tone of her voic* "I never thought—that is "stammered the man. " No, yon uever thought that 1 could read you so plainly." pursued the woman, pitilessly : 44 but it is the truth that 1 have told yon, and sooner than remain an inmate o! your honse, I would leave it, even if ail the police of Russia stood ready to arrest me on its very thres hold." " Stay, Ravina," exclaimed Paul, as the woman made a step towards the door ; I do not say whether your reading of my thoughts, is right or wrong, bat before you leave, listen to me. 1 tell you plainly that from the first mo ment that I set eyes on you, a strange new feeling has risen up in my heart—not the cold thing that society calls lov, but a burning, resistless flood which flows duwu like molten lava from the volcano's crater. Stay Uavina, be my wife—you are safe enough from all pur suit here." *' And does Paul Sergevitch actually mean to offer bis iumd to a woman whose name he does not even know, and of whose feelings toward him he is eutirely ignorant ?" asked the woman, with her customary mocking laugh. 44 What do I care for name or birth V' re turned be, holly ; 44 I have enough for both, and as for love, tny passion would soon kindle some sparks of it in your breast, cold and frozeu as It may now be." 44 Let me think a little," said Ravina, and, throwing herself into an arm chair, she buried ; her face in her hands and seemed plunged in i deep reflection ; 44 listen," she said, at last; "I have thought over your proposal seriously, and, j upon certain couditions, I will consent to be- ! come your wife. At the present moment, I ! have no inclination for yuu, but, on the other j band, I feel no repugnance for you. I will re main here a month, and during that time I will | remain in a suite of apartments wbich you will have prepared for me. Every evening 1 will j visit you here for two hours, and upon your j making yourself agreeable, my ultimate decision will depend." 44 And suppose that decision should be an un favorable one 1" asked Paul. " Then." answered Ravins, with a ringing laugh, ~4 X shall, as you say, leare this and take your heart with me." " These are hard conditions," remarked Paul ; 44 why not shorten the time of proba tion f" " My conditions are unalterable," answered Ravins, with a little stamp of the foot; " do you agree to them or not ?" 441 have no alternative," answered he, sul lenly. The days slipped slowly and wearily away, but Ravina snowed no signs of relenting. Every evening, according to her bond she spent two hours with Paul and made herself most agreeable, listening to his far-fetched compli ments and asseverations of love and tenderness either with a cold smile or with one of her mocking laughs. She refused to allow Paul to visit lier in her own apartments, and the only intruder she permitted there, save the servants was little Katrina, who had taken a strange fancy to the fair woman. Alexis, on ihe con trary, avoided her at much as he possibly could and the pair hardly ever met. Meanwhile, curious rumors began to be circu lated regarding the strange proceedings of the lady who occupied the suite of apartments which hnd formerly belonged to the woe of the owner of Koetopchin. The servants declared lliar the food »■ nt "P,_LLJ_L'"i.[l IllU tml at and" , uur»p;"i^"fiever taste37but that the raw meat ! in the larder was frequently missing. Strange sounds were often heard to issue from the rooms as the panic-stricken serfs hurried past the corridor upon which the doors opened, and dwellers in the house were frequently dis turbed by the howliuga of wolves, the footprints of which were distinctly risible the next morn ing, and, curiously enough, invariably in the gardens facing the 'west side of the house in which the lady dwelt. Little Alexis, who found no encouragement to sit with his father, was naturally thrown a great deal among the serfs, and heard the subject dis cussed with many exaggerations. One of his most treasured possessions was on old brass mounted cavalry pistol, a present from Michal; this he had learned to load, and by using both hands to the cumbrous weapon, could contrive to fire it off, as many an ill-starred sparrow could attest. With bis mind constantly dwel ling upon the terrible tales he had so greedily listened to, the pistol became his daily compan ion, whether he was wandering along the corridors of the house or wandering through the stgl—4"> ahrnbberiss of ths garden. For .* fortnight matters went on tofW.' manner, Paul becoming more and more in , fatuated by the charms of thti grange wV°£t' i To satisfy a whim of hers, he had oven dis missed old Michal from his office aodforb dden , him to approach the house. Bat the, fatfbful old aerrant, whose low for the ohildren jw* stronger than his fear of puuuhmw't took to wander at nightahout the exterior of white houre, urged on by some feeling for which he could in. no wiae account. , One ewnieg, as Michal was making hi. accustomed tour of inspection, the " chfld struct upon his ear. He bentdovmhu head and eagerly listened ; again he heard the faint sounds, and in them he recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying uptoone of the ground floor windows in Kannas apartment, from which a dim light streamed, bVp^sed his. face against tie pane and looked ateadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to bis gare. By the faint light of a shaded be Katrina stretched upon the wailing bad now ceaaed, for a ahswl hsdbeen tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shape, which seemed to be clothed in some white and ifcaggy cowrmfl- ; K-.trir,. lay peifectly motionless, and the hands of the figure wore engaged iu haetfly removiBg the garments from the child's breast. The task was soon effcted; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and the head of the thing bent closely down to the child's bosom. With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the cross from his breast eprang boldly into the The creature sprang to ita feet, and, the white fur-cloak falling from ita head and shoulders,, disclosed the pallid features of Ravina. a abort,, broad knife in her band, and the lips discolored with blood. . „ ,. . " Vile sorceres 1" cried Michal, dashing for ward and raising Katrina in ins arms ; " what; hellish work are you about 1" Ravine's eyes gleam id fiercely upon lue old nun, who bad interfered between her and her prey. Site raised her dagger and was about to spring upon him when she caught eight of the; cross iu his extended hand With a low cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little heed to her, for he was busily engaged in examining the fainting: child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was s wound over the left breest from which the blood was flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and not likely to prove fatal. As soon as he had satisfied himself on this point, he turned to the woman, who was -crouching before the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. "I am going to remove the child," said be; slowly, "dare to mention a word of what I have done or whither she baa gone, and I will arouse the village. Do you know_ what] will happen then ? Why every peasant in the j place will hurry here with a lighted brand ui his hand to consume litis accursed house and; the unnatural dwellers in it. Keep silence, and I leave you to your unhallowed work. 1; will no longer seek to preserve Paul Serge vitch who has giveu himself ovsr to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listcued to him as if she had scircely comprehended him ; hot, as the old man re- i treated to the window with his helpless burden, she followed him, step by step; and as he turned ; to cast one glauoe at the shattered window, he ; saw the woman's pale face and blood-stained ; lips glued against an unbroken pane, with a wild look of unsatisfied appetite in her Next morning the house of Kostopehin was filled with terror and surprise, for Katrina, the idol of her father's heart, had disappeared, and no sign, of her could be discovered. Every effort was made ; the woods and fields in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searched ;; but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried off the child for . the sake of the ran som that they might be able to extract from the ; father. The dav upon which all search had ceased Ravina glided into the room where she knew that she would find Paul awaiting her. She was folly an hour before her usual time, and the Lord of Kostopehin started to his feet in sur prise. .. " You are surprised to see me, said ana ; " but 1 have only come to pay yon a visit for a lew minutes. I am convinced that you love lue, and could 1 but relieve a few of the objec- : tiona that my heart continues to raise, I might , be yours." " Tell me what these scruples are, cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing her hands in his; "and be sure that I will find means to overcome them." " Listen," said she, as she withdrew her , hand. " 1 will take two more hours for consi deration. By that time the whole of the house of Kostopehin will be cradled in slumber ; then meet me at the old sun-dial near the yew-trae, at the bottom of the garden and I will give you xiy reply." " But why not come back here ?" urged be ; " there is a hard frost to-night and—" " Are yon so cold a lover," broke in Ravina, with her accustomed laugh, "to dread the manges of ihe weather ? But not another word; L have spoken." She glided from the room, but uttered a low • cry of rage. She almost fell over Alexis in the eorridor. ....... . , " Why is that brat not in bed v she cried, wgrily. " Go to your room, boy," exclaimed the ather, harshly, and the child then slunk iway. * T ' Paul Sergevitoh paced up and down the room 'or the two hours that he had to pan before ;he hour of meeting. Hie heart was very leavy, and a vague feeling of disquietude began o creep over him. Twenty times he made up bis mind not to keep bis appointment, and aa >ften the fascinations of the fair woman com lelledhim to rescind his resolution. Now and igain be glanced at the clock, and at last its: leep metallic sound, as it struck the quarter, warned bim that be bad little time to lose, if le intended to keep bis appointment. Throwing on a heavily furred coat and pul ing a travelling-cap down over his ears, he jpened a aide door and sallied out into the ;rounds. The dark shape of the yew-tree soon rose np jefore him, and in another moment he stood >eside its dusky boughs. The old gray aun Lial stood only a few paces off, and by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a vhite, fleecy-Iookiug cloak. It wna perfectly notionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread isssed through every nerve and muscle of Paul Sergevitch's body. " Ravina!" said he, in faltering accents. ' Ravina!" " Did you take ine for a ghost t answered .lie fair woman, with her shrill lauu no 1 have not come to that yet. W. 11. Paul Sergevitcli. I have come to give you my .Sn "you ask me such* question ?" returned he ; "do not keep ill any longer in suspense. Is it * yes.' or ' no * 1" "Paul Sergevitch," answered the strange woman, coming up to him and laying her hands upon his shoulders and fixing her eyes upon his with that etrauge expression before which he always quailed ; " do you really love me, Paul Sergevitch ?" asked sbe. " Love you !" repeated the Lord of Kostop chin ; " have I not told you a thousand times how much my whole aoul flews out toward you, how I only live and breathe in your pre sence, and how death at your feet would be more welcome than life without you?" 11 people often k&lk; of death t and yet little know how near it is to them," answered the fair lady, a grim smile appearing upon her face; •' but tell me, do you give me your whole heart ?" _ „ "All I have ia yours, Ravina," returned Paul; " name, wealth, and the devoted lo\e of a life time." , . " But your heart," persisted she ; " it is your heart that I want; tell me, Paul, that it is mine and mine only." , •' Yes, my heart is yours, Nearest Ravina,' ansirefed fVui, endeavouring to «mMw iw fair form in hii imp&asiored; gntp ; but she glided from him, and then, with a quick bound, sprang upon him and glared in his face with a look that was absolutely appalling. 'Her eyes gleamed with a lurid fire, ber lips were drawn back, showing her sharp, white teeth; while her breath came in sharp, quick gasps. " 1 am hungry," she murmured, " oh, so hungry; but now, Paul Seqrsvitch, your heart is mine." Her movement was so sudden and unex pected that he stumbled end fell heavily to the ground, the fair woman clinging to him and falling upon his breast. It was then that the full horror of hia position came upon Paul Sergevitch, and he saw his fate clearly before him, bnt .a terrible nntnbneaa prevented him from using his hands to free himself from the hideons embrace which was paralysing all his muscles. The face that waa glanng into his seemed to be undergoing come fearful change, and the features -to be losing their semblance of humanity. With a sodden, quick movement, she tore open his garments, and in another moment she had perforated his left breast with a ghastly wound and torn out his heart. She heeded not the convulsive , struggles which agitated the dying form of the Lord of £ostop chin, nor a diminutive form approaching, shel tering itself behind every tree and bosh until it had arrived to within ten panes of the scene of | the terrible tragedy. Then the moonbeams glistened upon the long chining barrel of a pistol, which a hoy was levelling 'with both hands at the murderess. Quick and sharp rang out the report, and with a wild shriek, in which there was something beast like, Havina leaped from the body,of the dead man and staggered away to a thick clump of bushes some ten paces distant. The boy Alexis had heard the appointment chat had been made, and dogged his father's footsteps to the trysting-place. After firing the fatal shot, his courage deserted him, and he fled hack to the house, uttering load shrieks for help. The startled servants were soon in the presense of their slaughtered master, but aid was of no avail, for the Lord of . Kostopchin had passed away. With fear and trembling, the superstitious peasants searched the clomp of bushes, and started back in honor as they perceived a huge white wolf, lying stark and dead, with a human heart clasped between its fore-paws. 