?BANKERXMLJ3EOKEE BIT 'YEBAX,' (Author of 'Tho DonWe Erent,' ' Hard Ilit,' ' Jookey Jaolt,' &o.;) SPEdlAiiijY WRITTEN FOTl THE 'RBPEREIO.' (A.LL RIQUTS BESEBVED.) CHAPTER XXII.^BAD* COMPANY . MARK HALBERD was a tr\io son of his mothor. Ho had beon a plottor and schemer agnihst tho rest of liuvukiiul ovor Bince hiB sohool days, and ovon thon ho Vns noted for Rotting tho bust of his school mates, wlionevornu opportunity ]-ro- sentod itsoir. H« Trainman to avoid, and by iio inoiina a deiirablo ncqiinintnnco for Will Alton, -who win much yoniiROi-, and with a decided tondonoy to bo easily led. William Alton lmd fallon in ' lovo with Lilian Molroso when they woro boy and girl together, and us ho grow into manhood his lovo had jiocome stronger. Tho downfall of Cyril Molroao hud mndo no chango in young Alton's nffoctions, ivl though his father over ainco the crush hftd resolutely sot his faco against tho malcli. But if the older Alton lmd a ' will of his own, so had tho younger, and ho was ob stinate in his determination not to give up Lilian. Mark Halberd lmd mado it his bnsinoss to lmpw'Will Alton, and ivhenftvor Marl: made, up his mind to know a person ho soon found the means. Ho know now the secret of his birth, of bis mother's life, and her present mode of living, and ho bated Cyril Melroso and all connected with 'him as tho cause of his mother's present position, and to do tho man justice ho was fond of hor in his own selfish way. . - Halberd gambled, and like Cyril lmd been heavily hit ovor tho scratching of Musketry for tho Cup. .Ho believed Mol roso bad scratched tho horso to deceive tliq public, and had won money over his Metropolitan. He know Ward, tho trainer, had often frequented Loo Key's gambling don, where ho found many men connected with tho lower branches of the turf. Mark Halberd had not boon unfortunate in his turf speculations. Ho had won a considerable Bum of monoy at ono time or another, and had now got a horse or two of his own. ? He was ambitious, and »a(l 60t lns 'earc on winning tho Hunt Club Steoplechaso, which he knew would bring him consider ably into prominence. Dandy Diet had been ono of hia fii-at purchases, and when ho found out tho horse was a rogue, although a good hunter, he inanagod to get rid of him at a satis factory figure to his friend, Alton. It only wanted a month to tho steeplechase, and he was now getting into form to ride his own horso, Priom, in that event. Prism was trained by Alee Ward, who hod a great opiuion of him, and fancied ho would will. Ward, however, would far ? rather have had a more experienced jockey on his back. . The day after tho events recordod in tho last .chapter, Mark Halberd mot Will Alton at the Empiro Hotel. They had a drink, and the steeplechase cropped up in the course of conversation. . 'I like Dandy Dick immonsely,' said Alton, ' and he will about win, Mark; I think you sold me the wrong horse, and hois sure to boat Prism.' 'Not ho,' said Mark. ' If you like to back your opinion, I'll take my horae against yours for a ' pony/— or* make it fifty if you like.' ' ' A ? pony ' will be quite enough for mo,' said Alton. * 'I'll bet you that amount if you like.' ' ..''..;? ' Very well,' said Halberd, as he booked tho wager in -his pocket book. 'Going anywhere to-night, Will?' he added. 'No; nowhere in particular/' said Will 'Then ,como with -me. I've ordered a little supper at the Paris Houso. One or two fair ladios from the Royal, and a friend or two of mine.' 'I'll como,' said Will. Then hothought, ' By jove, that's hardly fair to Lil.' - Halbord saw he hesitatod, and said : ' Don't put yourself out to come. Per haps you have some genuine love affair on. Miss Melro3e objects to suppor parties, I havo no doubt. She's quito right, too. ' I half promised I'd seo her to- night,' said Will ; ' however, I'm a pretty regular attendant at her shrino, so she can spare mo for one evening at any rate.' Will Alton looked at hia watch, «ind said : ' I must be off to tho paternal office, now. I'll seo you at half -past ten, Mark. ' Av, revoir,' said Mark, and as lie looked after Will's retreating iigure thought : ' You'ro nn innocent lauib. I shall tako good caro Miss Lilian discover!! where you havo been. How I hate that tribe. I wish I could ruin every Melrose living. Lilian is beautiful. By jove, I should not mind possessing her myself. Dandy Dick will win, will he my boy? Not if 1 know it. I'vu too much depending. on the resultfor that. I'd sooner break his liock, and youi'3, loo, my friend, beforo that happened ; at nil hazards, 'Prism munt will. I've made pretty certain of it this time, I fancy. Dundy Dick, indeed. Why lie hasn't a ghost of a chance. Phillip' Baxter met young Alton an ho walked down the street on the way to his father's office; and remembering what he bad said to Mrs* Melroso tho night before, asked him to step into his office. Will Alton i iked Baxter. Moat young' mpn did liko 'old Phil/ as they called him. '.What have you got on tho cardn this morning ?' oaid Will, a« he entered tho Office. ' ' . 'Something concerning yourself,' replied Baxtor. ;- -'? ?; Alton looked surprised, and said laugh ine- . ?/?? ? '. ': . ?' '?.:' .'?/. '' V. ?'. ?-. . . '.' What on earth can it bo P' ;.. 'You know Mark Halberd.'I believe,' said Phil;. ' ???'.?-.., : '-??':' ' 'Just had n. drink with him ,at the Empiro,' said Will. ? '?? Jiaxter looked at his watch. 'Elovon o'clock. Bad habit; this drink ing in. tho momiiig. Ydu youngsters would .bo far hotter without bo niuoh nipping. But I'm not goitig to lecture you about it. I'll leave it to your own common soiiho. Do you know much ahout Hnlbord ?' ' I'vo known him for oomo time,' replied Will; 'and his mother visits our houso pretty f joquenlly. Dashed if I don't think sho's totting her cap at the ]-at«r. I don't liko hor woll enough to envy tho prospect of hor being a atop-tnothor.' ' I should think you don't,' Baid Bax tor. ' If I wore you, Alton, I'd cut Mark Halbord's acquaintance as soon as possible. Ho'a a bud companion for you, a very bnd companion.' 'Oh, hoM all right,' said V.*!!li ' thoro aro plenty woiao than Halberd. Why don't you liko him, Mr. Bailor ?' ' I could toll you why I do not liko him,' fluid Phil; 'but it would bo too long a story. Tako tho advico of an oldor man than youraolf, and cut bin ncqunin tanno.' ' But I must havo eonio lesson for doing KO,' nuid Will 1 'and, lreni.Uw, 1 havu promised to havo suppor with him at Paris Uouso to-night.' ' And with no one else f' said Baxtor. ' Yes, ? a couplo of lady frioudB of his, I think ho Baid.'' . 'And do you think Lilian Molrose would liko that P' said Baxtor. ? 'No, I' don't,' mid Alton, candidly; ' but I'vu piomised to go, and go. I mubt.' ' Don't,' said Phil. ' Go down to Bello vuo to-night and seo Mrs. Molroso j she has something important to say to you, oomo ihitig you ought to hour, and which con joins both you and Lilian.' ' What can it bo ?' said Alton. 'Go and hoar for yourself. You Ikiiow, Alton, I am a friend of tho Molrosos,- and also of youra, and I am ndvising you for the bo3t, I asauro you. Do not g6 to Paris tfbuao to-night, and if Mark Halbord asks yon why you woro not' thoro, say, you had moro important Business elsewhere. Break with that man as soon n3 you can, for ho will do you no #ood.' . ' Will. Alton hesitated, but' his better nahiro told him Baxter was right, and after a fow moments thought, ho replied : ' I will soo Mrs. Molroso to-night,iand I will riot join Halberd'at supper.' 'Givo mo your hand on that, my lad. You have acted right, and I will always bo a friend-both to you and Lilian,' said Phil. , ? ' I know you will,' said.Alton. 'I know I can trust you, and thnt is why I accopt 'your advice.' ? Phillip Baxter soiit a tolegram to Mrs. Melrose, stating Will would .bo with her at night, and concluded with the words ' Toll him all.' . _ Now ho had made np his mind not to join Mark Halberd that night. Will Alton l'clt considerably relieved. Although ho counted Mark Hulbord as a friend, ho had no particular liking for him, and know him to bo, at times, guilty of rather shady transactions. Ho thought a good deal ovor Baxter's fldvifm. anil hn Icnrtw whmi fcho Broker did speak out he always had good grounds for so doing. As he rodo to Bollovne ho wondered what Mrs. Molroso could have to say to him, and how it could concern Lilian and himsolf. When Flora. Molrose rocoived Baxter's wire kIio at once made up her mind to tell Will all, and thus Bavo Lilian any trouble and anuoyahco. . ' Mr. Baxtor told mo you had something you wished to say to mo,' Baid Will. 'Yes, Willie, I have, anil' it is better I should tell you now than you should hear it from others. Last night Lilian told mo for tho first time she met Mis. Halbord at your father's houso. I cannot allow Lilian to .Visit any house whore Mrs. Halbord is received,' said Mrs. Melrose. wy , Will looked surprisijS'as he said : 'Surely it is rather a harsh decision, Mrs. Melrose.' 'Not undor the circumstances, Willie.' Then Bho'told him all. She told/him of Cyril's intimacy with Miriam Halbord, and how this woman had insulted her through Lilian, who had innocently qonveyed her message to her. She could not tell him Mark Halbord was Cyril's Bbn, because she was unaware of that fact. Will Alton was surprised at what he heard, as well he might, .bo:. , .. ,. He know Mrs. Melrose wouid not hare told him the story had it. hot beon for Lilian's sake. ''-.'. Ho respected her for the step she had taken, and ho vowed his father should know Mrs. Halbord's true-character, when he would certainly, so Will ? thought, decline to receive her. .'-.'. 'You are quito right, Mrs. Melroso. Lilian should never, bo contaminated by such a woman as Mrs,. Halberd. She iniiBt bo a heartless wretch to use Lilian for such a purposo, and to bring you such a message. I Bhall toll my father what her real character is, and he will then decline to see her again. Lilian shall never ineot that woman in our house.' Mrs. Molroso had hor doubts alxmt Mr. Alton declining to recoivo Miriam Halberd. Sho know the dangerous influence she could exorciao ovor men.', 'I hopo your father will. declino to soo her, Willie. Sho is h. dangerous woman.' 'Tarn siiro he will,' roplied Will. 'If ho does not I shall declino to remain under his roof. I will not stay iri a house where Lilian cannot see me.' ' 'Hns mother told you, Willie?' said Lilian, .when eho saw him after his. -inter- view with his niothor. ' Yes, Lilian, and sho is quite right,' he said. . . ?- ' And is Mrs. Halberd such a bad woindu?' said Lilian.. 'Yp.s,' said Will. 'I cannot tollyou anything about her, Lilian, but. if liiy I father still continues to receivo her I shall net remain at his house.' 'But you niu3t not quarrel with your father on my account,' sajd Lilian; 'I would not have that happen for:wdrlds.' ' My father, if he has uiiy respect eithor for you or I.Lilian, will never see this womart again. When I toll him what your mother has told me, I have no fear of the. result.' ? When Will Alton did not arrive at Paris Houso for Buppor, Mark Halberd was byno means In an angelic framo of mind, and his companions subjected him to an tin lnoreilul dialling. Ho vowed vongonnco against Will for disappointing him. ' ' It's that confounded girl has done it,' ho thought. 'No doubt ho eaw her ufter ho made the arrangement with mo, and ho had not tho decency even to Bond ail oxcuno. I'll niako him pay for thin. Ho shall know he cannot trout ilio in this off-hand manner. That chit of a girl makes a rogular fool of him.' .,? ..-. , ?? Whdn Will Alton rpiiched homo Itis fathor was smoking his cigar, after coming from tho club. His sou at ' onco nirido au attack upon him in tho direction of Miriam Hnlberd. :. Mr. Alton: was by no moans a sanc timonious individual, and at first he folt inclined to resent what ho called Mrs. Melrose's BqUeamishneea, but whon his son argued tho point with him ho wub fain to confoss Mrs. Moli-oso could not havo acted dthortviso. 'Sho's a. devilish fino woman, Miriam Halbord, and a -clever woman, Will,' ho said, with evident reluctance at giving way. ' And she's a bad woman, fathor, I'm suro of that.' ' If I givo up tho mothor you must drop tho son,' said Mr. Alton. 'I mil euro ho's no good, and a bad companion for you.' ' That's what Baxtor told 1110 this morn ing,' u.iid Will. 'Sonsihlu man. linxtor,' r--plind hiu father; 'u man 1 havo a groat respect for. Itaiiced kut'ii in buiiincos, but atmigbt nn a dart.' ' I'll got nut of IlnlboriJ'H ncquaintnnco as noon us 1 can, without offending him,' Raid Will. 'By jovo!' Biud 1mb lather, aB a thought iih'iick him. ' What's tho mattor?' suid Will. '.SuppoBo Mnrk should bo Cyril Mel ioso'b son P' h» said. ' NonBense,' Baid Will. 'Thon whose son is hop'1 aeked his fathor. ' Blest if I know,' oaid Will. ' Dopond unoii It, Mark Halbord is Cyril'B -on. Thnt's why tho follow hates all tho family, I suppose' ' How do yon know he hates tho family, fathor P' 'Bocauso 1)0 said as much to mo ono rtight. A nico, limiahlo young lhan that. Deuced fino woman tho mothor, as I said beforo, but the son — pshaw 1' 'From1 all I havo heard to-day, I think wo shrill be woll rid of tho pair of thorn,' said WilK. 'Dp you know, fathor, I had an idea you woro matriinonally inclined again, and I am siiro Mrs. - IXnlbArd has dosigns on you. 1 should strongly havo objected to her as 11 stop-mothor.' Mr. Alton luughod outright. 'Mydoar boy,' hn uaid;. ' Mrs. Hal bord is not thd soih of vtoluan a man ol my exporiuueo marries, ' hud Iio o'nipiinsiBed tho last word. ' Oh dear, no. She's all very woll as an acquaintance. Your dear mothor was a good wife. Will, but by no means uucli an nugcliu being as to tompt 1110 to nutor the bonds of matrimony a second timo.' Will was perfectly satisfied with his father's docision. ' Marry Miriam nalbord,' thought Mr. Alton ; ' that is a joko. She'll bo a bit hard to got rid of, but now I know her secret I can soon bring hor to reason. I'll ?bet— no, I'never hot— that Mark is Cyril'B son. It .will startle you whon I let you see I know that, my lady. Marry 7ier. Woll, that's about .the bost thing I've heard fora long timo. I wislrWill would got marribd. Nice girl, Lilian. D — ? — fool, MolroKo was, to ho Btiro. Beliovo old Buxtor'B in lovo with Mrs. Molroee. They do nay ho's moie to her than ho ought to bo. Lies, of course. Mrs. Molroso is not a wonian to forgot herself, and old Baxter's idens of morality* are pretty antiquated. Gild, I wish uiino woro. I'm no saint, but by Goorgo I must draw the lino between Miriam Halbord and Mrs. Molroso. , Old Baxtor might leave his money, to Lilian, out of pure love for the mother. ? He's just tho sort of .cuss to do that. Anyhow, Lilian's not a bad match for Will. Marry Miriam Halbord. Oh lor, that iB a joke.' (To BE CONTIHUBD.) 