fflmT^te* THE , bivjuqu. ? ' 'vA Tale of the year One ThOttsana ??o k Nine Hundred. By FERGUS HUME, CHAPTER XV. ' Where is it, you daughter of sin 1' cried the fanatic, seizing her wrist with his bouy Land. ' Give it to uie or I will kill you I' ' What do you mean ?' ' The elixir I the elixir. Give it to me.' .. ' I cannot give you what I have not got, said Laura, recovering her firmness with wonderful celerity on recognising her \- danger. ' What elixir are you talking about?' 'The phial you stole from Dr. Kebel upear I' 'I stole nothing 1 who said I did 1' ' Itebelspear himself I 'He lied if he said so, and you lie in saying he did. I stole nothing from Dr. BebelBpear, and he is dead ?' As this moment Frank, pale as a ghost, appeared on the threshhold of the room. ' He is not dead, Laura Kernshaw I' ? ' Frank I' She turned white with terror, and reeling ugainst the wall, would have fallen, had not Malinter ca'ught her in his arms. ?? The elixir ! the elixir,' he cried, f uri * miftly shaking her, ' demon that you are, my j-uur girl is 3ying. Give me that which will nave her.' ' I have not got it,' gasped Laura, white with terror, '? I swear 1 have not got it.' By this time Frank had crossed the room, «nd was now kneeling by the side of Eva's bed, but when he heard the last words of Laura, he turned round quickly with a frown. ' That is not true,' he said sharply ; ' you stole the elixir from my room yesterday, so it is now in your possession.' Laura bit her nether lip angrily and looked abQutfor some way of escape. The window, Malister stood before it. The door, Julian Dclicker frowned on the threshold. There was certainly no means of escape. They knew she had the elixir and would take it aw»y from her— by force if necessary. Still she would baffle them, for her woman's wit came to her aid, and, sinking into, a chair, she burst into tears. . ' Oh, Frank, Frank 1 how can you speak to me like this, when I loved you so I' ' I know what your love.is worth ; you left metodie.' ' I was mad with rage.' ' Woman !' cried Malister, his eyes gleam ing with mad fire, ' this is no time to talk thus. Give me that which you have taken or I_;I will strangle you.' ' I have not got it with me,' she replied, lying with ready subtlety. ?' Then where is it ?' \- ' In my bedroom ; I will go and fetch-it I' She arose to her feet and stole towards the door, but with such a crafty look ou her beautiful face, that Frank called out to Julian to follow her as he did not trust her in any way. Julian, who was also very inis truBtful, went after her at once, and although she pretended that she did not notice his movements, she' was in reality thinking of how she could rid herself of him, and circum vent those men who had her in their power. To this end, having hit upon an idea, she went into her room, and was followed closely by Julian. Turning towards him with a look of cold hatred, she pointed to a cabinet ut the end of the apartment. ?'Since you have forced me to tell my neuret, Mr. Beliekcr, and it is not in my power to protect myself, you will find the elixir in that cabinet.' : Julian without a word walked to the end of the room, upon which, with a, jeering cry, ; ' she darted from the apartment, closed the door and |ocked it, so that before he could collect his scattered senses, he was a prisoner. Then rapidly descending the stairs with out waiting to put on a cloak or a hat, ' i Laura Kernshaw, in. her fluttering white . dress, fled from the house like some guilty ?'? ? ? : being — fled into the howling tempest, into the plague-stricken city, whither she neither knew nor cared. ;?;??' V;! ^CHAPTER XVI. nelson's column. Meanwhile llebelspear and Malistor re* , ' inained in Eva's room, the former still kneel ing beside the bed with his eyes fixed ou the flushed face of the sick girl, the Litter with folded arms standing near the window mut tering prayers. The bird, dismayed by the tempest, had ceased its song, and the fierce wind, increasing every minute, tore furiously round the house under the dull leaden coloured sky, its shrill complainings mingling curiously with the monotonous ticking of the clock. As the mimttes passed, and Julian did not return, Frauk.at last became uneasy at his non-appearance. Laura was a very danger ous woman, and in tliis timeof lawless terror when all bonds were loosed by the dread of . the pestilence he thought that she would be guilty of any crime in order to secure her own ends. Expecting his friend every min ute, however, he said nothing at first, but at the end of a quarter-of-an-hour was about to speak to the fanatic when the door opened and Julian rushed into the room. ' Frank, is she here 'I is she here ?' . ' Laura i' : ' Yes 1 she decoyed me into a room under the pretence of looking for the elixir, and 1 then locked me up. I managed to escape by :?',.'. the window, and came straight hero 1 Where \ is she?' . '??' ' Great heavens!' cried Frank, rising to liiB feet, ' she must have lied and taken the \- elixir with her ! 1'oor Eva ! now she must die.' ' Die,' said Malister in his deep-toned voice, ' not bo! Let us pursue this daughter of Belial and take that which she has stolen, from her.' ' Bnt perhaps she has thrown it away,' : ' Impossible I she will keep it in order to ?eaveher own life !' \-- Who will go after her ?' ? ' I will,' said Malister, moving towards the door :' we will 6oon find her. She wears a white dress and cannot have fled far in this mighty wind.' ' Frank ' said Julian, hastily, ' Malister is . light— the wind is so terrible that she cannot have- gone far. You go with him to look for her, and I will wait here by the side of Eva.' Kebelspcar assented at once uud, accom panied by Malister, went outside iuto the loariug wlud. 1'urk Lane was quite deserted, but it was dangerous to traverse as chimney pots kud tiles were constantly buiug hurled lo the ground by the force of the tempest. At the gate of the house they found a puor » plague-striekeuwretcliwithjutitthecapiibility of speech. There he lay helplessly paralysed like Lazarus at the gate of Dive-s, but Dives himself was in a worse plight, seeing that he lay dead within. ' Have you seen a woman pass out .'' asked Itebelspear. bending down to this miserable object. ' Water I water ! ' moaned the man, thickly, ' water 1' Anxious to obtain a reply to his question Frank went inside and soon returned with a jug of water, which the poor wretcli drained to the bottom. All this time Malister, with, folded arms, stood like a Htatue of bronze, und never by word or deed appeared to feel remoise for the .frightful evil he had brought upon the city of which this poor pluguc btruck wretch wau au example. Fr.uik repeated his iquestion, and had to place his ear to the sick man's mouth to hear the yeply, so loud was the wind. ' Yes 1 went down towards Piccadilly .'' (To be Continued.) 