Kow many snitsfor divorce bare you on band I” 1 tsMd one of my friends, an mineni lawyer, whose numerous, conquests make him an object of terror to all husbands. “ I have but one," be replied, **' and that is forsrono of the causes you suppose, neither adultery nor cruel treatment. If y ou wish to use the case as the plot of a play, I’ll make it known to you.” ■“On what plea, then, is the demand for •diverce based ?’’ < ‘ On the dread of seeing again one from 4be other' world.”' “ I do not understand.” . “ You know Madame A. de B-2” ‘‘-OfcouTso; but I thought her the most loving, the most beloved wife in .the world; also a devoted mother.” “ Exactly what I shall say in court.” “As for her husband, he is a true gentle man, loyal, obliging, and of spotless repu tation.” “ Again what I shall say.” “ And those people wish to separate 2” My letral friend enjoyed.for a few moments ' the perplexity he was causing me, and then told mo the strange story he tran scribed :— Madame A. de B--, who is not yet 32 years old, and scarcely appears 31, has her name.on all subscriptions for charity, and is cited at all fashionable routs. Seeing the eager ness and zest which she displays for enjoy ment, and the freshness and bloom of her beauty, ono would hardly suppose she were compensating herself for sad days in the past. She "has been married five years, or . rather re-married, for at twenty she was tho wife of one of the Bourse’s most reokless speculators, who left her a widow by a death so tragic that it is yet remembered. One morning, seven years ago, we learned that Jacques de T—-—, the well-known club man and sooial favorite, had been found dead in his bed at his country property of G-, his face mutilated and brains scattered over his pillow. It was at first thought ho had been assassinated ; it was v/inter and the house, isolated and unoccupied. 51. de T-had come there to search for some account books he needed. Owner of a large 'manufactory in the neigh borhood, he often made such trips, leaving his wife for a day at Paris. An old gar dener, who lodged in a cottage a short dis tance off, waited upon him. As soon, however, us the affairB of the un fortunate man were investigated, it was no onger possible to doubt that, he had com mitted suicide. He had, also, a banking house near the Hue Lafitte, hut he was totally ruined ; the dot of his wife, even, had been absorbed. Maledictions in plenty werei mot lacking ; some persons instituted suits, which the poor wife easily had 6et aside. She wept for him and regretted him with all her heart. He . had been a loving and generotiB husband. She was the most earnest, most correct and most beautiful widow, in her artless weeds, that one could wish for. She returned to her own family, and having no children (they had been married such a short time 1) seemed to resume the life of her girlhood, save her unceasing grief. Complete misfortunes have one advantage ; they are a claim to the privileges of martyr dom. People pitied her : everyone said she would never marry again. They forgot that happiness most abruptly cut short is often that which soonest buds anew. Monsieur A. do B-is as handsome as the first husband, goes less frequently to his club, and has an assured fortune. He fell in love with a woman who had lost hers : how could she refuse him 2 The second mar riage gave happiness of another type, less turbulent, more home-like and complete. First came a boy, then a little girl, and when Madame A. ,de B made her annual visit to the decor ous tomb she had erected to the memory of unlucky T-, it was almost with a smile of gratitude that she prayed for the dear departed. As she fervently recom mended him to divine mercy, she was certain her prayers were heard, for all the merits of her first husband seemed augmented by the charming qualities of the second. One day Madame A. de B-received a letter which had been a long time reaching her. It was directed to Madame de T-, and pn AmflrinMi band fcfitmgdf the addiess trouhledher, and, when the envelope was torn open, the first lines mad* her quiver. Was it a sacrilegious mysti fication ? or had poor de T-planned, be fore killing himself, a deception like that which gave Betif de la Bretonne the plot for a curious novel ? Had he ordered that every seven years a letter should he delivered to his wife, to prevent her grieving for him, and persuade her that he still lived? That wasM. A. de B-'s first idea when his frightened little wife brought him the strange missive, dated from Hew York; but, when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing wellits wordeandstudyingits proba bilities, he was obliged to acknowledge that T-was not dead; that the letter was indeed from him, and that it announced his return. But the suicide 2 the corpse ? the burial? Alas! the letter had a reply for everything. T- related how, faoe to face with bank ruptcy, ho had wished at once to indemnify his honor and facilitate for himself a way to reconquer his last fortune. With the assist ance of a gravedigger of the village of G— he got possession of acorpBe of hissizeand general aDpearance. The occasion had been waited for during several months ; the gravedigger liberally bribed. At night he placed the body in his bed, and when ho dressed it in his linen, fired in its face two pistol shots, which rendered it absolutely unrecognisable. Then, having accomplished that suicide, in an empty house, he escaped, taking with him only the money necessary for his passage,and went to try his luck in America. The miserable fellow seemed euchanted with his expedient. He had the grace, how ever,to be somewhat soberin his self:praises; hut he ran on endlessly in telling of the sorrows of separation, the aniruish of that long voyage, the torture he had imposed on himself in remaining dead for her, as he was for tho rest of the world. He should never have had the courage to persevere in his task of rehabilitation if she had written to him, if she had recalled him .' He had condemned himself to seven years of work, of Bilence, of burial. With all the fatuity of a martyr, he never seemed to doubt that she had remained a ■widow and moonsolahle; therefore, among the joys that he promised himself in the future, he gave the first place to the greatest, that of consoling her, at once, sud denly. “ Do not die of joy ! ” he wrote to the one who felt ready to die of terror on the spot. In short, he was very rich, two or three times more so than he had ever been, he was coming back to pay all his creditors, interest and principal, to clear his name, and. as now he would have no more cares and anxieties, he should have plenty of time to devote to loving his dear little wife. He gave fleeting glimpses, as into an unknown paradise, of the children, of whom he was certain. The wretch even made poetry on that subject, a millionaire's poetry: Babes would float through the heaven of their unalterable bliss like little angels, or little Cupids. That passage particularly aroused the fury of M. A. de B-. As though they had needed that “ dead-alive” to call forth angels and loves ! Corpse he might not be, hut at least he should not return alive ! The second husband’s plan was to meet number ono part way on his way home and kill him since he dared to come out of his legal tomb under pretext that he was not dead. The official records would justify that mnrder, nothing would have to be changed in the certificate of death; nothing effaced but a man ! It would not be a duel scarcely even a murder; merely a case of legitimate self-defence, tne stamp that Hamlet gives on the ground. to drive back the importunate ghost. The idea was a good one, and he must leave at once. “ Ho, no, not that!” cried Madame A. de B-, terrified. Was her first love, perchance, resuscitating with her first husband 2 “You take his part?” demanded Ho. 2, trembling with jealousy and horror. ‘ “ Ungrateful man ! Do you not owe to him our five years of happiness ? ” „.lLlheflCoundtsi has.taken them bask from ■ “ lle .hu wt the tight.” _ : ;“0>irtBetriageigtm’l-; hiaisnot.” ' “ Null, and our children? ” — “ Ah 1 our children, our children ! ” They were there; the little hypothetical cherubim of whom the wanderer spoke it hie letter. . They enclosed their father ..and mother in- their, 'caressing arms,;, they soothed the wrath of the menaced hus band. .- Tho couple wept, kissed, and egded- by going to consult ,tny friend, tho lawyer. It was agreed that he should a-k for a divorce for .Vludumo A. do H from her first husband ns soon .as W. do T|-had been given to understand that it;is dangerous for him to return to France. His escapade is complicated by a violation of sepulture. • The' 'gravedigger is dead, but be, by- his own avowal,. ordered and paid ' for tho crime. They cannot reasonably ask him to kill himself, hut they might possibly obtain from him a promise to continue to play dead man na .the. ‘depths of America ; and, ' if his. . probity, revives, let him funrsh the elements far an integral payment of his 'debts, without appearing in the matter; hut that is a romantic way out of the diffi culty. Thanks to M. Naquot, thereisamore practical method. They will obtain a divorce, and then 31. and Madame A. de B—, whose marrisge may temporarily be con considered void, will be re-married. It appears, from last news, that M. de T-is resigned to that arrangement. He will not come to France, and will let the divorce be pronounced against him. If he is con demned for having placed a pauper’s corpse in his bed anil afterwards in a handsome tomb, he will not protest; he will pay- his French debts and become a., naturalised Airerican, and, as it is as-easy to have in one’s home little angels or little eupids _ in America as in France, he will not deny him self that bappinees. Indeed, why 1 For he permits them to perceive the true reason why he has had courage to keep silent for seven years, and not to write to his darling wife. It was because he would have had to dip his pen in the ink-bottle of an American widow. His pent-up feelings find- relief n that hit of spite. At the end of eeven years of an honorable intimacy, and when the bonds were less tightly drawn he had, indeed, been able to. push an arm through his yielding chains, and sent the letter announcing his resurrection. Since they force him thereto, however, he will prove that he knows how to make the best of a losing game. Once free in France, he will atone for his “falling out” with the widow by marrying her. In America, as here, that is the surest way to rid one’s self of a mistress.—Translated from the French. • ._. 