THE IVORY GATE. By Walter Eesant. Chapter XXXII.— The Day After the Ghost. When Mr. Doring arrived at liis office next morning he observed that his table had not boon arranged for him. Imagine tho surprise of tho housewife should slio oome down to breakfast and find tho ham and tho toast nnd tho toa lilaced upon the table without tho decent oloth 1 With such eyes did Mr. Dering gaze upon the pile of yosterday's letters lying upou his blotting pad, tho pens in disorder, tho papers heaped about anyhow, the dust of yesterday everywhere. Suoh a thing had never happened before in liis whole oxporicncc of 55 years. Ho touohed his bell sharply; "Why," lie asked, hanging up his coat with out turning round, " why is not my tablo put in order ?" Ho turned and saw his olerk standing at the open door. " Good heavens 1 Checkloy, what is the matter ?" For the nnoicnt servitor stood with drooping head and molanoholy face and bent shouldors. His hands hung down lu the attitude of one who waits to serve. But lie did not servo. He stood atill, and lie made no reply. He understood now. Sinco the apparition of South Square ho had had time to relleot. He now understood the whole business from tho brginning to the end. One linnd there was, and only one, concerned with tho caso. Now lio understood the meaning of the frequent fits of abstraction, tlio long silences, this strange for- getfulncss which inado bis mnstor mix up days and hours, aud cause him to wonder what ho had done and whore he had been on this and that evening. And somebody else knew. The girl knew. She had told her lover. She had told licr brother. Thnt was why tho new partner laughed and doficd tliom. It waa on his ohnrgo that young Arundel had been forced to leave the country. It was ho who dcolarcd that be bad seen him place the stolen notes in the safo. It was he who had eharged young Austin nnd whis- perod suspicions into the mind of Sir Samuel. Now the truth would come out, and they would all turn upon him, and his master would have to be told. W ho would tell him ? How could they tell him? Yet ho must bo told. And what would be done to the jealous servant? And how could the old lawyer, with such a knowledge about himself, continue to work at his office? All was finished. He would be sent about his business. His master would go homo and' stay there — with an attendant. How could ho con tinue to livo without his work to do ? What would ho do all day? With whom would ho talk ? Everything finished and done with'. Everything— — He stood, 'therefore, stricken dumb, humble, waiting for reproof. "Are you ill, Olieokley?" asked Mr. Dering. "You look ill. What Is tho matter?" " I am nob ill," he repliod in a hollow voioe, with a dismal shako of tho bond. "I am not exaotly ill. Yes, I am ill. I tried to put your tablo in order for you this morning, but I couldn't, I really couldn't. I feol as if I couldn't never do anything for you— novor again. After 60 years' service, it's hard to feel like that." He moved to the table and bogau ucokamoally laying the papers straight. "No one has touohed your table but mo for 60 years. It's hard to think that another hand will do thiB for yon— and do it quite as well, you'll think. That's what we got for faithful scrvioo." Ho put tho papers all wrong, bocausa his old eyes were dimmod with unaooustomcd moisture. Olieokley had long sinco ceased to weep over tho sorrows of others, oven in tho most moving situations, when, for inBtanoo, ho himself carried olf the atieks instead of tho rout. But no man is so old that he cannot woop over liiB own misfortunes. Cheokley's oye was there fore dimmed with tho tear of oompassion, whioh is the sister of abarity. "I do not understand you this morning, Olieokley. Havo you had any unpleasantness with Mr. Austin — with any of the people ?" " No— no. Only that I had bettor go before I am turned out. That's all. That's all "—ho repeated the words iu despair. "Nothing but that." "Who Is going to turn you out? What do you mean, Cheokley ? What tho dovll do you mean by goiug on like this ? Am I not master here ? Who oan turn you out ?" " You can, sir, and you will, and I'd rather, if you'll oxouec tho liberty, go out of my own i accord. I'm a email man, only a vory small man, but, tbank God I I've got enough to give mo a crust of bread and oheoso to livo upon." " I toll you what, Chookloy, you bad better go homo and lio down and rest a little. You are upsot. Now, at our age wo can't afford to bo upset. Go home, and be easy. Old friends don't part quite so easily as you think." Mr. Dering spoke kindly and gently. One must bo patient with so old a sorvant. Olieokley sobbed nnd choked. Like a child ho sobbed. Like n okild of four, Checkloy ohoked I and sniff od. " You don't understand," he said. " Oh, no— you onn't understand. It's what I saw last night." "This is very wondorful. What didyousoo? A ghost?" "Worse than a ghost, who oareB for a ghost ? Ghosts oan't turn a man out of his plnoo and tiring him to ho a laughing stack. No, no. It was a man thnt I snw, not a ghost," " If you can find it possible to talk reasonably" — Mr. Dering took his ohair aud toro open an envelope — " when you oan find it possible to talk reasonably, I will listen. Meantime, I really think that you bad hotter go homo and lio down for an hour or two. Your norvos arc shaken ; you hardly know what you arc Baying." "I was in Gray's Inn yostorday evening. By accident, at 8." He spoke iu gasps, watching his master curiously. "Bynooidout, not spying. No— by aooidont. On my way to my olub, at tho Salutation. Walking through South Square. Not thinking of anythiug. Looking about me — careless liko." " South Square, Gray's Inn. That is the place where tho mnn Edmund Gray lives, the man wo want to Hod and cannot find." " Oh I Lord 1 Lord 1" oxelalmed the olork. " Is it possiblo ?" Ho lifted his baud and raised his eyes to lioavcn and groauod. Then ho resumed his narrative. " Coming through tlio passage, I looked up to tho windows of No. 22, Mr. Edmund Gray's chambers, you know.", "I believo so." Mr. Dering's faoe betrayed no emotion at all. " Go on ; I am told so." "In tho window I saw Mr. Edmund Gray himself — himself." "Curious. You havo sesn him — but wby not?" " Tho man wo'vo all boon so anxious to find. The man who endorsed the olioque and wroto the letter and got tho papers — thore lie was !" . " Question of identity. How did you know him, sinoo you have novor seen him before ?" This quostion Olieokley shirked. "He came down stairs fire minutes after wards, while I was stitt looking up at the win dows. Camo down stairs, and walked out of tho square— mado as if ho was goiag out by way of Raymond's-buildiiigs — much as if ho might bo going to Bedford-row." "Those dotails are unimportant. Again — bow did you know him ?" "I asked the policeman who the geutlomnn was. Ha said it was Mr. Edmund Gray. I asked the newspaper hoy at tho Holborn entrance. He said it was Mr. Edmund Gray, and that every body know him." " So everybody knows hiin. Well, Oheokioy, I see uothing so very rcmarkablo about your seeing a man so woli kuown in tho Inn. It adds nothing to our knowledge. That lio oxists we know already. What share, if any, bo has had in this case of outs remains still a mystery. Unloss, that is, you have found out something elso." Olieokley gazed upon his master with a : kind of stupor. "No, no," he murmured. "I can't." " What did you do, when you found out that it was the man ?" "Nothing." " You did nothing. Woli — under the circum stances I don't know what you oould havo done." "And ho walked away." "Ok I Ho walkod away. Very important indeed. But, Ohcokley, this story doos not in the least acoonnt for your strange agitation this morning. Havo you nny thing more to toll mo? I see that you have, hut you seem to oxperience more than usual diffioulty in getting it out." Tho clerk hesitated. "Do yon, he asked at last — "do you — happen— to know Gray 's Inn ?" "I daresay I have been thoro— yoare ago. Why?" " Oh ! you haven't hocn thore lately, hove you ?" " Not lately— not for 40 years, or some suoh inoonsiderablo period. Why ?" " I thought you might yourself have mot Mr. Edmund Gray — been to his chambers, per haps." Mr. Dering sat upright aud laid liis hand upon his letters. " Olieokley," he said, "Iamolways willing to make allownnco for people in montal distress, bat I think I have mado allowance enough. Ooino to the point. Have you lost any money?" "No— no; not so bad as that— but bad enough. No, I couldn't afford to loso money. I haven't got enough to spare any. Bat I got a shook — kind of stroke— partly because of tlio man I met, and partly bcoauso of the person with him." " Oh 1 who was that 1 Aro wo arriving at something ?" " I hadn't told you that. Tho person who was sitting at the opon window with him, who oame down stairs with him, and walked out of the square with him, was no other than your own ward, Miss Elsio Arundel herself I" "Oh! why not?" asked Mr. Doring care lessly. "Shotold me yesterday, was it? that she knows him. " "If it had boon any one else she was with," ho replied, mixing up his grammar — " if it had boon any ono else who was with hor — I wouldn't have been surprised 1 But to seo tho two togothor. That gave mo a turn that I oan't get ovor." "Still — why not? Miss Elsio Arundel liaB already told ma that she is acquainted with Mr. Edmund Gray." " What ? She has told you— she has aotualty told you ? Oh I what bas she told you ? Oh I Lord 1 Lord 1 What is a man to say or to do? She told you— what is the host to ao?" He wrung his hands in his distress and his per plexity. "I cannot understand, Cheokley," said Mr. Dering with emphasis, " tho reason for this dis play of excitement. Why should sha not tell mo or anybody clso ? Do you suppose that my ward is doing anything clandestine? She has told me that she is acquainted with this man. Sho assorts further that wo have mado a great mistake ahont him. What she means I cannot understand. Sho says, in fact, that this gentle man ia a pcrfcotly honorable poraon. It is pos sible that ho has deceived her. It is also pos sible that the name of Edmund Gray had been wrongfully used in the papers whioli belong to tlio case. Oortainly it was an Edmund Gray who endorsed tho first cheque ; and an Edmund Gray having an nddrosB at 22 South-square whoso name is eonneotcd with tho later business. Well, wo shall see presently. When do yon take out the warrant for tbo arrost of this man? By tho way, Elsie Arundel imi>loros me not to allow that step. When are you going to do it?" " This morning, I was going to do It. Every thing is roady— but — " "But what?" " I can't do it now." " The man is oleau gone off bis bead." "Loave it till to-morrow — only to-morrow, or Monday. Boforo then something is certain to turn up. Oh i certain Buro it is. Something must turn up." " Thoro is certainly something that you are keeping behind, Cheokley. Well — wait till Monday. To-day is Saturday. He onn't do very much mischief betwoon this and Monday. That's enough about Edmund Gray. Now, hore is another point, to whioh I want a direct answer from you. My brother asserts, I believe on your authority, that Atholstnn Arundel has beou living in a low and profligato mnnnor in some London suburb, and that ho was in rags aud poverty early this year. What is your authority for this ?" "Wliy, I hoard him oonfess — or not deny- that he'd bocn living in Cnmberivell io bad company. It was at tho Salutation I hoard it. Ho didn't aco me. I'd got my hoad behind a paper. Ho never denial it." " Humph ! — And about tlio rags?" M " I don t know any tiling about tho rags. " Vory likely thoro is as muoh foundation for tho ono ohargo as for tho otlior. Tlireo or four years ago ho was in Amcrioe, to my knowledge. Ho wroto to mo from Amcrion. I now learn, on tho authority of his sister, that he only camo baek a month ago, and that ho has beon and is still in the servioo of an Atuorioau paper, li bat have you to say to that ?" "Nothing. I don't feel as if I could say any thing. It's all turnod upsy down. That won t do, I suppose, no moro than tho rest." "But, my friend, if that is truo, your theory of oonspiraoy and confcdoraoy, which you took so much pains to build up, falls to the ground as far as Atliolstau is concerned." "Yes. — Obi I haven't nothing to say.' It was a mark of tlio trouble which possosscd liim that his languago reverted to that of bis young days, before bo had learned tbo art of correct spoooh from tho copying of logal documonts. Ho presorvod tbo samo attitude, with bont head and hanging hands, a sad nnd pitiful object. " Sinoo Atliolstan was not in London during tho months of Mnroh and April, bo oould have had no hand in tho later forgoricB, And it is acknowledged that tbo samo baud wnsconaernod both in the earlier and the later business." "Yes — yes — tbo samo band. Oh! yes — the samo band," ho ropcatcd with pathos unin telligible to bis master. " Tho samo band — tlio same hand ; yes— yes— tbo samo band — that's tho devil of it— tlio samo hand dono it nil." _ "Then wlint becomes of your ohnrgo against my young partner ? You wcro extremely fierce about it. So was my brother. You had no proofs— nor had ho. If tho samo hand was in both forgorlcs, it oould not havo been tho hand of Goorgo Austin. What do you any to that ? " Nothing. I'm novor going "—still standing hands hanging — " to say anything agaiu as long as I livo." " But yon wore vory fiorco about it, Ohcokley. You must oither find more proofs or withdraw your accusation." " Oh 1 if that's all, I withdraw— I withdraw every tiling," " Why did you bring that ohargo then, Olieok ley? You've boon making yourself very busy over tbo obaraoter of my partner. You have permitted yourself to Bay tilings iu the office before tho clerks about him. If it turns out that he haB had nothing to do with tho business you will bo in a very serious position." "I withdraw — I withdraw ovory thing," tlio old olerk replied, but not meekly. Ho was prepared to withdraw, but only because be was roroed. " Bemombor, too, that it was you who brought the charge against young Arundel." "I withdraw — I withdraw everything." " You went so far as to rcmombcr— tho other day — having seen him replaco the notes in the safe. What do you say to that ? " " I withdraw." " But it was a direct statement— tbo testimony of an oyo witnoss. Was it truo or not ? — I don't know you this morning, Cheokley. First, you appear shaking and trembling, tlicn you tell me tfiiugs which seem in no way to warrant so much agitation. Next, you withdraw an accusation whioh ought ncvor to havo been made except witii the strongest proof. And now you wish to withdraw an allogod fact." Cheokley shook bis hoad holplcssly. " I acknowledge that the business remains as mystcriouB as before. Nothing lias been found out. But thero remains an evident and savage animosity on your part towards two young gcutloman in suooossion. Why ? What havo they dono to you ? " Checkloy mado roply in bold words, but still standing with banging hands : " I withdraw tho animosity. I withdraw everything. As for young Arundel, lie was a supercilious beast. W o ware dirt beneath bis feet. Tlio whole earth belonged to bim. He used to imitate my ways of speaking, and ho used to mako tlio clerks laugh at me. I bated him then. I bate liim still. It was fun to liim that an old man nigh 70 with no education shouldn't speak like a young gentleman of Oxford and Cambridge. Ho used to stick bis hat on the back of his head as if it was a orown, and he'd slain tho door after him as if ho was a partnor. I bated him. I was never so glad as when ho ran away in a rage. Ho was ooming between you and me, too— oh 1 I bow it. Ounniug lio whb. Laying hie linos for to ooino botwoen you and me." " Why— you wcro jealous, Chockley." "I was glad when ho ran away. Aud I always thought he'd doao it, too. As for seeing him put the ohequo baok in the safe, I perceive now that I novor did see him do it. Yot I seemed to think at the timo that I'd romombered seeing him do a kind of a sort of something like it I now porceive that I was wrong. He never dono it. Ho hadn't tho wits tocoutrivo it That sort is novor half sharp. Too fine gontlomau for such a triok. — Oh 1 I kuow what you are goiug to say next How about tlio second young fellow ? I hate him too. I hate him becauso lie's the samo suporeilious beast as the otlior, and beoauso he's been ablo to got round you. He's carncyed you— no fool like an old fool— and flattered you — till you've made bim a partnor. I'vo worked for you heart and soul for 60 years and moro, and this boy oomos in aud cuts me out iu a 12 month." "Weill but Cheokley— hang it !— I wouldn't make you a partner." " You didn't want no partners. You oould do your work, and I oould ao mine ahd yours too, oven if you did want to go aslcop of an after noon." " This is gravo however. You hated Mr. Austin, aud thoroforo you bring ugainst bim this foul ohargo. This is very grave, Cheok ley." " No— I thought ho was guilty. 1 did, indood. Evorythiug pointod that way. And I don't understand about young Aruudot, becauso ho oame iato the Salutation witii the Cambridge gentleman who gets drunk there overy night, and he said that lio'd lived at Cnmbcrwell for eight years with bad oompany as I wouldn't namo to you, sir. I thought ho was guilty, I did, indoed." "Aud now?" " Oh I now it is all over. Everything's upsy down. Nobody's guilty. I know now that bo iiasu't had anything to do with it. He's a youug man of vory slow intelligence aud inferior parts. He oouldn'thave had anything to do witii it. We ought to have known that." "Well— but who has done it, after all?" "That's it." Cheokley was so troubled that be dropped into a ohair in the presence of liis master. "That's it. Who's done it? Don't you know who done it ? No— I see you don't so muoh assuBpeot. No more don't I. Else— what to do— what to soy— Lord only knows I" lie turned and ran— ho souttled out of the room, banging the door behind bim. " Has mad," said Mr. Dering. "Poor man ! Age makes men forgetful, but it lias driven Cbcokloy mad." (to be continued.) 