General Items. Tue dear old Government spent £8,000 odd upon a jetty at Table Cape about 1$ miles from where it should have been, and as a consequence it has never ouce been used yet. Globious News.—Land-boomers who ex ploited Melbourne and then tried to cast the blame for the depression upon the Trades Hall and the strike, are now turning their attention to Western Australia.—Oommontoeal. We see among the list of passengers on an incoming steamer—Mr. iiabbit, Mrs Rabbit, and family of nine. This ought to be put a stop to. Thunder ! Haven't we rabbits enough P Akotheb shipment of Gents' Parramatta Waterproof Co&ta; in the newest shapes, de tached cape, etc, at special value, 32s. 6d worth 45s.; also to hand, case of suitings, which complete the season's order, and gives a tremendous variety to select from. The value IB unsurpassed. You can secure best goods at a low price, and a perfect fit by leaving your tailoring orders at the Golden Fleece. The Democrat advises the " Twaddlegraph' 'City drone to get his tongue slit and head shaved. A swabm of cheap Italians is camped round, awaiting the opening of Melbourne sewage works. The sins of the Northern province are visited on her sisters. The federation of trouble is already accomplished. Deeming officially scragged on Monday, What became of his ghost? The " rights of property" is juBt the " wrongs of labor." " Our Cartoon," published at the City Printing Works, Quadrant, asked in its last issue, " Why should the Democrat beeome most successful paper ?" The answer is plain enough, viz, because it is the only straightrunning paper in the colony. Its policy iB broad, which makes the paper at once popular with the farmer, the backwoodsman, the miner, and the townsman, in fact, with all. Some of our subscribers complain that they have a difficulty in getting the paper at all. Wb wish to draw the attention of our readers to an advertisement in another column announcing the fact that Mr. P. G. Cutts, of the Granite Pillars, Brisbane-street, has just opened a fresh assortment of mens' and boys' overcoats, which are to be sold at exceptionally low prices to cleaT. THE Eoyal Commission appointed to investigate the balance sheets of the Y.D.L. Bank have completed their labors; the report is now being printed, will it lead to anything? A New Fiem.—In another column may bo seen the advertisement of Messrs. T. J. Battray and Co., 13 Cameron-street, who have recently started business as braBBfounders and finishers, also' manufacturers of-engineers', plumbers', and general brass . work.. The shop is a commodious one, and fitted out with all" the necessary - appliances, ete._ Mr. Rattray is a thorough tradesman, having served, his apprenticeship with Mr. J. W. Ikin, of Cimitiere-street, after which he "was'tiro years in the large workshops 'of Messrs. Danks and Son, Limited, and Ter, ville, Dixon and Kemp, Melbourne, where he* must have :gained valuable experience. We wish the firm every success, and expect ere long to see them doing an extensive manufacturing business. Lmjitceston Deahatic Cm™. — This i >opular club are again in evidence. "British Born," a new and original patriotic drama, waB played on Monday and Tuesday evenings at the Academy of Music. The attendance was good, and the piece was well received. The actors sustained their different characters well; the piece was a difficult one, and they deserve every credit for the way in which it was staged. It would be unfair for us to particularise in our limited space. We cannot, however, refrain from compli; cnenting Miss Lilian Carr for the able manner in which she sustained the difficult character of Mary Hope; Mibb Scott also deserves mention for ber rendering of Nancy Treat. The other characters were all well maintained, and must have cost a deal of time in rehearsals to have been so well performed. There is only one matter we regret, and that is, that the club do not benefit more than they do by these entertainments, which are so much appreciated; we understand the expenses are very high, rent alone for one night being £5. This, we contend, is outrageous, and nothing but a robbery. If the club get up these entertainments it is only just and fair that they should receive a good slice of the proceeds. To tax a talented local company to the tune of £5 a night, for rent alone, is something the Democrat don't exactly believe in. THE Southland News (N.Z.) is informed that 10,000 bales of rabbitskins, representing about 30,000,000 pelts, were exported from New Zealand in 1691. These were valued at about £15 a bale, or £100,000 altogether. There were also exported about 40,000 cases of preserred rabbits, valuei at about £60,000, making a total value for skins and rabbits' meat for the year of £210,000. The Southland rabbit-tinning factories are very busy now. Our own lazy, greedy, grasping rabbit-breodiug squatters want the Government to subsidise tnem for killing these profitable ruminants. Cahkick Hacks.—The Carrick Birthday meeting passed oS with a groator success than usual as far as the racing goes, although it had to contcnd with its greater rival in the south. The attendance was poor, although the weather was fine, the townspeople being well represented. The results of the races were as follows: Maiden Hurdle, The Austrian ; Birthday Handicap, Bed Hover; Hurdle, Ardee ; Liffey Handicap, Allspice; and the Steeple, Darkie. Fhank Long, the pioneer prospector at Zeehan, is in low water; a subscription list is started on his behalf. Electric Lioiit.—At the last municipal elections the retiring aldermen made a great point of the early lighting of the city by electricity. Now, what has been done to further the matter, besides talking ? Vested interests stand in the way, the electric light is as far off as ever, the aldermen returned at the last election won't see it started during their term of office, and they know it. iieports are a blind. Tue Zeehan Hospital Committee (says the Zeehan and Dundas Herald) " are carrying things with a high hand, and that the subscribers are not beir.g taken at all into consideration. Thus of the eleven first elected by the public, there remains but five of the original committee, there being four nominees, besides two vacancies. Then again, when the secretary's seat became vacant, without the usual notice of motion being given, one of the committee was elected secretary, and an application or two from the outside public was calmly ignored. This sort of business may be within the powers of the committee, but it is exciting outside adverse comment." It is about time that all hospital committees or boards were elected by the people, on the one-man-onevote principle. Hugh Kick'S Sentence.—If Melbourne's snuffle-busting swindler, Larkin, had received a sentence, bearing the samo proportion as the one served out to Hugh Kirk, viz., one year for every £10 missing, he would have got about 10,000 years, instead of two. Kirk was strongly recommended to mercy, and got three years for £30. If Kirk had gone in for £30,000 the chances are he would have got off with six or twelve months. A Business like Parson.—Not long since an exceeding good, and well paid parson, of a Tasmanian city, journeyed to one of our delightful coastal townB, where a small meeting house and congregation of his peculiar deep-water persuasion happened to exist, and a hard time they have to do that same, they being neither rich nor numerous. The visiting parson was expected to officiate at the anniversary service and deliver such a eermon as would cause a great awakening, etc.; but he done greater things than that' for he woke that little congregation, shepherd and all, to a full sense of their duty before ascending the pulpit at all, by telling them that hiB expenses (also his wife's, who accompanied him) must be paid or guaranteed before be would preach a blessed word to them. Of course he had them there, no no other parson or layman having the necessary preparation for such an important occasion. Due payment was therefore made under proteBt. But what does that parson, who soars so high for his authority on all things, care for a protest, which is only human. "LAW AMD JUSTICE" crowded out this week. 