, TH2 BOTTLE ISP. .CHAPTER II.—-(Continued.) 1 Tha Ohinatn&n; liafconed and.listoncd (or Bomo time,-and at last lso o.illed ? np'tho hoiiao to Konwo to ask liim if he wortf Vfcll, and Kanwo anavvfrod him " Yos," and bade him go to bed.butthere was no nioro singing in. the Bright Houso, and all Hig'it long the Chiiiam.ui hdiiid liTuiiiiiatar's feet go round and round tho ' balto?iua Without repose. l ' !B<&* the truth ot jt was thw :—Aβ KcStfp litidroeaed" for his bn!h ho epied upon his flesh a patch like a patch of nclion on a it was that-he stopped einginj}.' For he know tho hko nese of that .patch, and ho knew that ho bad fallen in tho Chinese evil. JSbw lfc-ie ft aad. thiug for any man to fall into thin sickness. And it would be a sad thin£ for auyono to leavo a houso so boaulifijl und so comiaodfous and from all his fijonds to the northcoaat of ilolokai, between tho iniyhty cliff and Ihe I sea broak?r?. ' But,whnt uaa'that to the case' of the iiitin Koawo 1 He who had met hie love but yesterday, and won her bul that morning, and now saw , all his hopes l.rouk in a moinont like a piece of Class ? ' Awhile ho aat upon the edgo of the bath , then BDrang with a cry and ran out side, and to uad fro along tho balcony like one despairing. "Very well could I leave Hawaii, tho liomoof my fathers," Keawe waa thinking. " Very lightly could I leave my lioupo, tlio high placed, tho many windowed, here upon tho mountains. Very bravely oould I go to lli'lukfti, to KalaupapA by tho chfla, to live with the smitten and to sleep tnore far from my fathers. But whiit wrong have I done, what sin ho 3 upon my soul tint I should have encoun tered Kokua coming cool from tho dea water in tho ovoning—Kokua tho aoiil msnaror, Kokua the liyht of my life? Her may I never wed, her may I look upon no longer, her may I no nioro handle with my lovxug hand. And it is for thie —it ib for you, 0 Kokua, that I pour my lamentations I" ! Thereupon he called to mind it was the next day tho Hall wont by on hor return to Honolulu. " Thero muet I go lirst " ho thought, "'andsdek Lopaka For tho best hope that X havo now is to fi.id that same bottle I was bo pleased to got rid of." , Now you are to obiorve what kind of, a nun Keawe was, for he might havo dwelt t'lere hi tho Bright Houso for years und no ono been the wiser of his sickness; but he recked nothing of that if ho miiet lose Kukua. And again he might have wad ' fltokua oven aa he was; and so many ? iftould h.ivo done because they havo the ' c' ]ooula of pipe. But Koawe lovod tho maid E, |manfully and ho would do hor no hurt and 1 ,bnng her in no danger. ? ''I A littlo hovrind tho midst of : the night " bamo in his niind the recollection of that battle. Ho wenfc round to tho b ick porch Jmd called to memory the day whun tho devil had looked forth, nud at tho thought Ico ran: in, his veins. I "A dmidful thing ia tho bottle," ("jhought Koawe, "and droadful ia tho Imp, and it ia a dreadful thing to nek the Jlames ofholL Bud what other hope have " I to euro my sickness or to wed Kokua ? iVhiit I" ho thouf. it, " would 1 beard the \- <lovil onco only to gut mo a house and not ;? jLoq him again to win Kokua!" ? 1 111. I Never a wink could ho sloop, tho food sttuck in his throat but ho pon* a lottor to Kiano, ami about, tho Wnu whun tho -jjeamor would bo coming iodo down bo ijdu the cliff of tiio tombs. 1C rmiiod ; fya horse wont heavily ; ho looked up at sow black mouth of cavoa and ho envied ?" 'ihe doAd that alopt thoro and wore done vhth troublo, and called to mind ho * ho i <sj>d galloped by tho d.iy before, and wus ??- Soheoamodown to Hookena, |£ ?*nd there wns all tho country fathered for 'lie steamer, as usual In tho shed before shu atoro they sat and jested and passed new.B j but thoro was no matter of ''tfiouch in Koawe's bosom, and he eat in rmdat and looked without on the ( -iin falling on tho houses and tho eurf 3<iUug among cho rocka, and the sighs ' njoso in 1)13 throat v" Keawe, of tho Bright House, ia out of ? „ jirita," eaid one to another. Indeed, . ? id bo ho was, and ht f lo wonder. .'Thau the Ilall came and the whaloboat !?? Ynod him on board. Tho after part of t ip ohip was full of Haolea—whites—who /W boon to visit tho volcano, as their stoin ia, nnd tho midot was crowded < c v T tlh Kauakao, and the foro part wuh Jil bulla from Hilo and horses from Su ; but Keawe net apait from all in his and watohod for tho house of ~* ano. There it sat low upon the shore „ "itho black rooke and shaded by tho i ' >$<>?? pilms, nnd there by the door wnii a J holuku, no preattr than a ily, and , i"g to and fro vith a fly's buiiness. ih, queen of my he irt," he onod, " I i jl venturo my denr aoul to win you 1" Joon aftor durkness fell and tho cubina *o Jit up.and JhoHuolea sat and played Jho cards and drunk whisky, a3 their <tom v ; but Ko,?wo walked tho dock * night, and all tho next day, aa they \- -unod under theleo of MauiorofMolo -1 i ho was atill pacing to and fro likn a id animal in a lucnageiio. toward ovoning they passed Diamond , v id and came to the pier of Honolulu. t ateppod out among the crowd and * - tan to aak for Lopaka. It eeemed he ? * becomo the ownot of a schooner, i U ,£o bettor in the islands, and w&e; rouo ft<}n an adventure as far as Pola-Pola or < s~,aika; 80 there was no help to bo looked , ?> \froin Topaka. Keawo called to mind !> *nend of hia, a tew-yor m the town (I Vj M l not toll hie namo), and inquired pf they eaid he had growa suddenly 4* a d u ?d a fiuo now house upon ->£ \< l 1" shore ; and this put a thought in 3- >s hoad, and ho calkd a hack and j"i>'?B to tho lawyer's house. ( v " >}o houao was all brand new, und tlie * i. ,} ip the garden no greater thnn walk j- r 'Jlticka, and tho lawyer (when ho game) Li' ?* i jVhit oan I do to nerve you?" said ' "on are a friend of Lopaka's," replied j? i (?e, "and Lopaka pus>cha-<ud fiom v '-jOortftiu piece of goods that I thought ? ' T eniiblo mo to trace." !>.?\j? lavv y or ' e face became very dark. '4(' llOt P r ?f e3S t? misunderstand you, .&S; u'" 7o, " sal(i ho > " io an ; buainLas to be etirring in. You may I 4 ,*' ! ,' I know nothing , , but yet 1 have a ?KO; and if you would appl> m a, cor aq s ti 33 Unrtor ? I tl?nk you might have jjfef l ho named tho name of a man, -Jis'ATi atjain I had bettor not repeat. So ?iVftH days ' and Kcawe wuut from *U >T Rnotner > finding overywhero now 1 ani carrifl?ta, and fine new ho lotiiv ,m6n 07uiryv?hi>ra in gruat content- 6 T 'v" (to be euro) whou bo hinttd at 111? businc l "-, thtir faooo would oloud over. " ]?O"doobi, I ? upon tho track" thought Keaue. ',* These new clothca and carri.ives aro all rhe gifts of the little imp, nnd these sjlad facts aro thti facen of men who h.no taken their profit a-id got rid of the accursed thing in sifety. When 1 '>oo palo chocks and War aighing.l shall Know that I am near tlio bottle." So it belel! ft , ; last that ho waa reeom -1 mended to a Haole in Bentanin etreot, Wlign he r.iina > t<i i ihe door, about the hour of tlio evoning tnenl, there were the usual niaiks of .i ntw Ikuibo, and the young garden, and tho ekctnu lights shining m tho iwndbiv ; but when tho owner came a bhock of hope and fear ran tlirouyh Koawe. For hero was a young man, white as a corpse, and olauk about the oye?, tho hair sheilding from lub head and such a look jn hib cuuntuunnrc as a man may havo when ho is vtoituig for tho .gallows. " llero it ie, to bo sure, ,, thought Kea ?ktu ; and so with , this man ho nowaju veiled Ins errand. "loouw to buy the bott'e," sa-d he. > At the Wwrd tlie younqr Haplo of Bor itania stieet nolod againat tho wall. <* Tug bottle I" ho" gasped. "To buy the bottlo." Then ho seemed to choke, -uid ecisiiig Ke iwe by the arm earned him into a room and poured out wine in two glHsses. 4 '?' Hore i$ my respocte," said KTe,uve, whoihad been rauah about with Hioles in his lime. " Yes," he a ided, "I am come lo buy the bott'e. What it> ti>e puco by now?" At t'nnt word tho young "oau let lim glues slip through his fing.rs, and looked upon Keawo Into a ghost. " Tlie hnya ho. Tho price. You di> not know tho pi ice?" "It ib for th.it I am asking you," io turned Ke.uvo. " Hut why are you ao much concerned? Iβ there anyl\iing wrong about the prico ? ' "It has dropped agro.it doul in value sinou your time, Mr. Koawe," eaid the youna u/an, stiimmerihg; " Well, well, 1 ahull hive to pay less for it,''says Kcawe. " How muoh did it cost you ?" Tho young man* was aa white as a eheet. "Twoconte," t-aid he. "Whatl" cued K>awe; two cents? Why, thon you can only sell it for one. And ho who buys it— Tno wolds died upon Koawe's tongue. He who bought it oould never soil it again; tho bottle and tho bottle imp must abide with him until he died, and when ho died must carry him to tho red end of ?hell. I Tlie young man of Bontania street fell upon his knees. " For God's s-ake buy ib l""ho cried. " You can hayo all my fortune in tho bargain. I was mad whon I bought it at that prico. 1 had vrnbo* I zlod money at my apore ; I was lost else I must h ivo pono to jail." " Poor creature," and Keawo. " You would ink your soul upon au desperate an adventure, and to avoid tho proper puuishmont of yotir own disgrace ; and you think I could hesitate with love in front of mc. Give mc tlio bottlo and tho change which I nuke aure you havo all ready. Here is a five oent piece.'' It wis as K< awo supposed ; the young man had the change ready in a draw ; t!.o bottle ohancced hands, and Keawe's fingor3 were no sootier clusped upon tho stilk than ho breatheil his ivisii to be a clean man. And sure enough, when he got homo to his rootu ho stripped himself: before v glass, his tiesh was whole like an infant's. And hero was the strange thing ; ho hud no sooner aeon thisimriolo than his mind was changed within him, and ho oired naught for the Chinese ! Evil, and littlo enough for Ztkui; and Ima bur one thought, th it lioio he whs j bound to the bottlo imp for timo and eternity, and he hid no betttu hope but to ,bp cinder forever in tho tlames of hell. Awayiihcacl of him ho saw them blaze in his mind's eye, and hie soul shrank, and darknesi fell upon the lyht. When Keawe oamo to hiumlf a little, he whs aware it waa tho night when tho band played at tho hotel. Thither ho wont, becanso ho foared to be alono ;and thero, among the hiippy faces, walked too and fro, and heard the tunes go up and dpwa, and saw Dorgur beat the measure, and all the while ; he. heard ; the flames oiaoklo andeaw the red fire burning in the bottomless pit, ?>: Of a sudden the band played "'Hika-ao-ao;" a eong that lie had sung with ; Kokua,.' and , at the strain oourago returned to hihi. ''Iljiodbhe now," he thought, onoamorq lot mc tako; the good along witj/ the evil. , '.,. .-.....??. ..-.;.- ; , SMt befell that he returned'to Hawaii ?by tho firat steamer, and aa soon as it could .be managed he : was wedded to Kokua, and carried hor up the mountain eldo to the Bright House. ; ' Now, id was vvith these two that when thoy were togethor,' Keawe'e heart was stilled, but bo soon as he was alone he fell jntoii brooding horror, and heard UiV flames craokle ahdiaw the rod fire burn'- in thebottomlees.pit. The girl, indeed, had come to him wHolly jher houvt lettned in hor side at sight' of him,' her hiind' olung to hits, and she was ,so faal)io)ied from the hair uppn herhead 'to the hails upon her toes that nono. could aeo her withoiit joy. * She .was pleasant in hor nature.... Sho liad tho good word ulways, Full of eonsi? sho W|ia, and wqjitto nnd fro in tho Bright House "the briglitpst filing in ita, three utories,, Jiktj biid?.'?'" 'Aiid Keawe bfehehi' and liear'd he?- with doliglit,"and then must ehriiik upo r h pneaide; and > weep ' mid groan to think ilport tho price he had paid for her ; and then .ho;,mustd,i'y hie eyes, and washhis; facb, aud go and ait'with' her 'on . the' troad isonga, j aiid (with a sick answeriii,g her QinileS. ..: i :?".?? '?? ' : ' ? ' :'???? [ ; -^ a day'whon hei boijjau to. got heavy and , her songa m>re rare ; and now it wan only that, would weop- apart; b,ut eaph woi|ld?eufli3er ftaijj tlio other, and t,\t in opposite h.ilciiniea, with the whole width of tho Bright House betwixt. Keawowas B,(}.3Unk iivhiH.des pair ho rcarco' pbaerved the olinnge, iitid \rae only glad ho had more to oit alono and brood upon hia,.'do3iihy, and was not ao frcquelitly coiidemnodV.to'puH a smiling face on a sick heart. Buc oiid: day, coming-softly thropglr the house, he heard t ! ip v fomid;of.'i. : plijli\vei)hh|if!s, and thero wfas Ua rolling Uoj face upon tho balcony floor and weeping like the lost.;:,,?'?\\- :??.:.' ? ??,???? : -\\.\ ;?? ';.,?:.; " You dp well to kpop u\\. the h'cuao, Kokua," he said, !' and.yot ,1 would give the head "offldy bodythatyoii, , 'at: ieaat, might havo boon happy." . .? .i, " Happy I" she cried; ' iKeawe, when yon lived.alone in your Bright Houeo you were tlio word of tho isliiud fur h h.ippy men ; Iquijhter o,\i& song .were; in your mouthj'and your face was its bright as the sunrise. Then you woddled poor Kokua, and the good God kiiowa what is amiss ia her, but from, that duy you haro not diniled. Oh I" ehe cried, "wimt ails mo? 1 thought I whs pretty, end I know I > 10w..] him. What ails mo that 1 throw I -Ma oluud upon my huabaad ' " Pool Tv'ku.i." shkl K'ww . Tie hat down by her side and Bought to take her Innil, but thar slio pluckid ai\ay. '? Poor Kuluia," ho a iid, attain. "My pooi child, my piotty 1 Aud I thought- 111 this ? hile to Sμ iro you 1 Wall, jmi. Bliall know all. Thon in; Ie ist you will pity poor Kenwj; then you will undciataud how much he h.ia loved you in tho pis , -, tliat he dared hell fur your puiset'slon, and how much liMotesyou still—tho poor, tho condem ned one—time lit! cih yet cull up a, emilo w3i( n da beholds you." j> , t Willi tint ho tul'lhcr all evon from tho bogmnirig. " You hnvo dono this for mc I , shu ccibl. "Ah, vroll, then, whifc do Ltjaio 1' ani aim cli->puit in 1 wept upon him. " Ah, chiM," mid lveawo, M and jut, when I consider t.io tica of hell, I caio a good 'leal " ' ' " Never tull mo,' , sha Gaid, " no man can bo lost oeuuUito hij loved Kokun, ami no other fault. I toll you, Kg uve, I shall suvo you witli these lmida or peush in your comp-uiy. W'i it 1 you loved mc, and you j'ii\e jour soul, omd you thmlv I will nut die to Riive jou in letuni V " Ah, tnj deir, you nupht die a liun died union and wlint duiun pee -would j tint make V" he cried, " eicept lo loivg nib lotiely till the tune of my data lilltiOll." ' , " You know nothing." Mid she ; I wns edue ited in a acliool in Honolulu ; I uin no riiimniiu girl, and I t?ll you I shall save my lover. Whit is this yon esiy about a cent ? But all the tvoild is not jl'S'piiciu In England tbe\ have a piece I cilltd a farthing, which h about half a cunt. Ah, sorrow, a ho. oiled, "th.it iiiilm.3 it ac in c hotter, for the buyer must be lost, and wo slmll tind nono ao bravo ?is my Keavve! But, then, there is Franco; thoy "have a Binall cum there which is called a ceiuuno, and thrae go five to the cent or thereabout. Wa could not do belter. Come, Keiwe, let us go to tlio Frmch islands ; let us go to Tahiti ac f.ut ai tho ships can boar us. There we have four centimes, thieo centimes, two centimes, one centime ; four possible suits to come and go on, and Lwo of us to push the bargim Ooiuo, mv Koawo, ihas mc, and banish ciro. Kokua will defend you." "Gift of Gods," h< cried, "1 cannot think that Qod will punish mo for desir ing aught so good, lie it aj you will, thon. take mo whero you please ; I put tuy hfo and my salvation in your hunda " Early tho next day Kokua was about her preparations. She took Koawo's chest that ho wenb with aailoring ; and first she put the bottle in tho corner, and then packed it with tho richest of their clothes and the bravest of tho knicic kmiekb in thts house " For," eaid she, "wo must aeem to be sick folk, or who will believe in .the bottle ?" All the time of hur preparation she was as gay m a bird ; only when sin- looked upon Keawe the tears would spring in her ryes and eho must run and kies him. An for Koa we, a weight w.is oif his soul j now that he had his sccrot shared, and oomo hope in front of him, he seemed like a now mm, his foot went lijhtiy on tho oarth, and his breath wae good to him again. Yet waa terror still at his elbow ; and over and again, as tho, wind blowe. out a tipir, hope did in him, and ho saw tho flames too and tho red firo burn in hell. It wae given out in the country 'they were gone pleasuring to tho etatoa ; which was thought a strange thing, and yet not so strange as tho truth, if au> could havo guesaod it. So they woru to Honululu in the Hall, and thouco in tho Umatilla to Sui FrauouoT with a crowd of H.iolos, and it bun Fi aticibco took their by tho mini brigantino, the Tropic Bird, for Papeete, tho chief place of the French m tho South Sin laluida. Tnitlur they oainu, after a pleasant voyage, on a fair day of tho trade wind, a'ld biw the reef with the surf breaking and Motuti with its palms, and tho echooni'ra riding safely inside, and tho white houses of tho town low down along tho shuro among groen truss, and oyerhoiid the mountains and the clouds of Tahiti, tho Wise Island. It was jud"od tho moat wise to hire a house, winch thoy did accordingly oppo site tnes British Consul's , to make a great parade of money, and themselves .con spicuous with carriages and horses. : This was very easy to do as long aa thoy had the bottlo in their possession, , for-Kokua waa more bold than' Keawe, and whenever she had.v mind . culled on the imp for twenty or a hundred dollare. .' At this rato they soon began to ?be remarked in the town j and tlie'atrangors from Hawaii, their riding and their driving, tho fino holokds and, the rich . lace of Kokua became tho matter of muet talk. ; They got on well after the first with, the Tiihitian language, which ie like , to the Hawaiian, with a certain change of letters; audits soon as they hud any tree dqm of speech, began to push tho bottlo. You are to consider it waa no easy sub ject.to introduoa ;it was hot easy to per suade people you werq in earnest when you biTered to sell thorn for four centimes the spring of health, and rich, inoxhauet atle. It was, necessarybesidos to explain die dangers of tho bottlo ; and either ?people ?disbelieved the whole thing and luughed, or they thought the more of the duiker part,beoame overc?nt with Kravi'-y" aiid drew away from Koawq and as frbni parsona , who had dealings with.- .the deyil. So far from- gaini'ig ground, , ', these two began to find they wore avoided,' in. thei.tbwn .; tho children rah away from, .them screaming, a thing intolerable to,, Kukua ; Catholics crossed thoinselvea t'liey went. by;-, and all p.6r3pus began Vith'- one accord to disengaga tUomaeJvosi flow. tiieir-adrancea. ; . . ' ;?; ?. upo?i their spiriU. They; ?would sit'lit night in, their.no,w nft^ra'duy's woarineiij, and not oxchangoi one word; orthoaileiico would be broken' by Kokua bursting suddenly, into cobs.. , Soiii'etimoa' they Would pray together, ao|ino,tiiiii? they -. t>-ould have tho bottlo ?jut'-upon tlio floor, afad sit all 'evening watching iiow.the?h.idmY:..hovorod.ia tho midst. At bucli times they would be nfyaid go. to rest; j it. wus long ere aluirtijei , baifro fc<> ihem,;..?ud,- ; .i(|;'uithcr. doaiidolfit would'bo to wake and' find tho other silently, w.eep'ng'in tho dark j. or perhaps to Wake alone, the other hay- , ing Ued.from the hauso 'find- the' iieigh horhood <>f that bottlo to puce -under the bananiejn tho littlo garden, or to,wandur oil the beach by moonlight. ' ' ' , ; Ono night it was pp when Kokua wpVoi Keawe wae gono ; eho felt in tho bed unci his place was cold. Thon fear fell Hpbii; hor.iindehe eatVup in bed." A littlaiiioon- Bhnio,'ulti rod?. through tho ehuttera j the room -wrs' bright,'and she could epy. the ' b6uta,?n tliefloo'r..OuteidaiiVb'ow high, tho grtvat trees of the ' avenue cried out aloud,'and'tho f.illen loaves rattled in tho. ,verai)da!i,.., In \ht>. miiUt, of. ..this; Kokua'. was,'. aware. of. aiiother aour.'d ; whether of a iiea'st ,or r ivan she could not tell, but it was as sr.'l a? death, aud cut her to her uoul. Softly nho arose, not the .door njar and looked forth into tho There, under tlio baniiuaa, lay Keatro, his mouth in tho dust, aud na he ley listneisned, :'it;wHs. .li'iltuo-'s ui ; Bt,;;thought ; tci;:.ruvv ; forwardand console him. . ?Her second pot?titiy withheld her. Krawti hnd borne himself before" hie wife .as a.ibr'ive,. man ; itbeoamo herlittle'iii tho hour of wenk no'ss to'.ihtrudo. liis sltairio.;.'':V'W.i'th'; the thought; sh? drew back- into the houso. -?" '-.? ?-? ;, ' : ' l .:?:?:?,!??'?:?"? :<;:',rC:. .": Heaven," ehe. thought, ? " how- cure less have I beeii, bow weiik 1 It is he, not 1;, that stautis lit. this gtorna) ?wag.he, not I, that,.took' tho ciir?oi.upon, hiaaoiil. It is fot".ny\' sake and forthe love jf a croiiture of/so ,lit(;te 4 Worth Hnd such poor help; that he now bohpldo so clrise to hi;ii the of hell, iay, ;and oniull?. the amoko .'of lying wiihbut there in tho wind anil moonlights \An*i£ so dull of spirit tl/afc .till. umV I'have BUrrnisud my duty? or hkvo I seen"it .be fore arid turned ?? But. now, at lejist,'; I take; up my soul in botii tho liilhds'; ot my affection'; ; now I Bay: farewell to the' white sttipa'fVf.Heavqn and,tliowait itig faces of my frieudsj . 'A love, for a and' ; let :mine , .be equalled with Ivuuwo'bj|' A soul iov asQul.'and let'it'ib' mino to poriah I". ??;>:?..-,? ?.?;'.?',?;.'.!.. \\-'.i ':'?,: S, ??-?.- This waea deft woiuanwitri iior hands, sii'd eiie was'so'bh'apparelled. 'She: took inhor hands'tho'ohtthgo ; tho prooious ' centimes they kept ever ?by their eidej:. 1 for this ooiu is little 'used,' aud they had inide provision;-at , a gbverhment office. When she. was forth in tho avonuo, clouds c,ime:oa tile wind, awl tho moott was bluckened* Tho town alopt, and aritektiew not whither to , ..turn till she heard some ono ,, cb'ugi'iing in tho shadow 1 o£.the trees., ? .-'? ? '"?.??? ,? ,-? ?.?; ;,;..-.' . . .?.? ??!'.'.''?'?'' ? \ "Old man," ssiii Kokua,' "what do you do.hero abroad in "the cold night 1" I Tho old rhnu could Boaroo express him. : self for coughing,.but she made out thai | ho was old and poor, .ancVe stranger in*.j tho island. ' / ??'..?' ? . " VVill you "do vie a aervioe?" aaid Kokua. "As one stranger to another, and as an old m?n . : tp.a young woman, will you help a (laughtor of Hawaii ?" "Ah," said the old man, "so you are the witch from tho eight islands 1 And even my old soul, you seek to entangle. But I have hoard of you, and defy your wiokednas's.." .*..,.", .. *'. : ; '.; ..." , . ** Stt down here," &nid; Kokua, 'land let.mb tell you a tale." And sho told him the story of Koavve fiom the beginning to tile Olid, : : ?- ? : ?? :..!. ; "And now," Baidehe, ",I am his wife; whom ho bought with hie aoul'e: welfare. > 4.nd >That. should ;I; do ? ? If I went to him and offered to buy it. hb will refuse. Butif you go ho will soil it eagerly.' I willawait yoii here ; you will buy it'for four centimes, ,-vnd I will buy it ngain for tlireia. And the . Lord ' strengthQU a poor girl I". . '.: ?, .'.'? ....*: ' \\-'"''" : - l '-'' ; " If you mdant fal3ely," said' tho old man; " I thiuk God , would strike yoa ?dtsad." '? ??*>' '?:'"';??..?"' : '..,;?'-. . ?, . ... ; -.;..' : "Ho would 1" oriod Kokua. "Bβ sure ho would. I could not bo so troach erotis. God would not suffer it. , "' "?Giro mo tho four centimes and await ino'ho're," said the old rnaiv.' "'?'' ; :;" ' ;; Now, whou Kolcua stood alone in the fttroet horepiric died. The wind roared in. the tretWiiiid' it eoeihod to her the ruahing of the flames of holl ; thosliadowa tossed in'.'thp'.liijh'ta of the street 'lamps,- and they seemed to her tho analohing hands of the evil ones. -If ahe had had the strength, she mu?t*! have rhii away; aiid'ifslio had tho breath sho must have soreamed aloud . hut in truth she could do neither, and stood and trembled in tiie avenue liko .an uffrighted child. Thea.shosaw tho old man returning, and ho had the bottle jnhis hand.. "'. " I have done your bidding," Baid he, Ilefi. your husbindiveepiujj liko a child ; .to-night he willsleop oaey. And he held tho bottlo forth. \'\ ' .. : : ;:. rv ' -' '" ? " Beforo you give .it to mc," Eokuv panted,;".take the good wiih the evil— aak to be doliVerdd froiii your cough." . "I am an old man," replied the otlior,, "and too near tho gate of the grave to tako a. favor iromthe devil.. But wliatis this ? Vy.hy do you. take ithe bottlo ? Do you heaitiite ?".'.', " Not hesitate 1" cried Kokua. ' "I am, only weak; : ? G-ive mc a moment; It is my band reaiata! my fleal? alirinks' back from the accursed thing. One moment only!" :;; ;?; ? . ..,-. .. ?.?'? ,; ; ? .;,<: ?' The old. man looked upon Kokua kindly. "Poor o/iild !" aaid ho. .''you fearyour soul misgives you. Woll, let mc keep it. lam old and can n,over more be happy.in this world,j and as for the next '?' ?..?.?.? -. "Give it mc I" gasped Kokua. "There is your money. Do you think I any so based as that ? Give mc the bottle.' , ' "God bless you, child," 'said the old man. ' .. ".'?- : ?:.; ?? .? r; ?? ..?: ????? ?"? Kokua concealed the bottle undor her holoku,Baid farewell to tho old man, and walked off along the avonuo, she oared not whither, for all roade wore now tho Baine to her, and lud equally to hall. Sometimes she wftlkod, and sometimes ran. and aomotimos lay by the roadside aud wept. All that she had hoard of hell came baok to her: she saw the flamea blnao, and she smolled the smoke, and her ilosli witheroil on tho coals. Noar day eho camo to her mind again and rotuined to the house. It was even as tlio old man said, Koawe nlumberod like a child, 'i Kokua atood and gased upon hia face. . : . " Now, my husband," said ahe, " it ia your turn to sleep. When you wake it will bo your turn to siui; and laugh. But for poor Koku'j, ulas I that iiteant no evil —for pour Kokua no more sleop, no more singing, no iioro delight, whether in earth or heaven." With, that she lay downiu the' bed by Uieaiile, and her misery wns so oxrreme that she fell into a slumber instantly. Late in the morning her husband woke up aud gavo'horthe good hews. It seemed ha was silly with delight, for he paid no hood to her diatreos, ill though' she die-' eembled it. The words stuck in her mouth, it mattered not; Kaawe did , the Bpeaking. She ate not a bite, bjjt who, was to obsorvu it ? For Keawo cleared tUiidisU. .Kokua aav/ and heard him, lika eoino strango thing in a dream ; there, were.times when she forgot or doubted, nnd put.her han'de to her, brow ;to know heraelf doomed aud to hear her husband babble, fioomodso mouatroue. , AU the while Koawo was eating, and talking and planning tha time of : thoir return, and thanking her for saving him, and fondling her, and calling her tlio truo helper after all; ? He laughed at the old man that was fool enough to buy that bottlo. ' ' ' "A worthy old man heeeomed," Koa we said. " But no one qan judgo by up. i pearances. For why did tho old reprobate requiro th? bottle ?" "My hniilmnd," tin id Kokua. humbly, ?'his purpoab may h.-xvo been good." Koawu laufrlieil liko au angry man. " Fiddle-de-deol" cried Koawo, "An old rn(>uo, I toll you. And an old tint to bunt. 1 For tho bottiA was hard enough to noli at ' ixiat fceliSiuits."—Cuucluilod next wesi. 