above the speaker Sketches is parliament. ftv Tiuotheds. "Timollicus placed on liigli." In facfics Ministers are clever, undoubtedly clever. Sir Graham Berry has experience; Mr. Slirels lias a lively grasp of the situation. In managing a Parliament—with the set object of holding the fort—hon. gentlemen are hard to bent. Their settled purpose of remaining in gives them strength. The last bombardment disclosed weak points, and Ministers set to work with vigour to repair the breach, and to strengthen the position. There were some things which the leaders saw clearly must be achieved, and that at The Dissentients must be mollified. ":a- —o-.-'l once. There must be more vigour with regard to public works; and, in view of tiie. failure of the new taxes, no discussion . about the 1 l,A itlrtttrai? finances must be allowed. Ministers met the House on Tuesday with everything arranged, so that the pre ceding days had not been idly spent. The leaders of the Dissentient group had been placated. A new public works policy with a local loan was announced—in the last month of the session. And the Treasurer intimated that supplementary financial statements are, in his opinion, altogether superfluous. This is a new depar —.1 —— tare'indeed. Hon. gentlemen complained loudly of'the cut of the Opposition whip. But it lias made them quicken their pace and open ther eyes. Sir llrya 11 has been the beBt friend of Ministers after all. It was necessary for he and the Opposition to agree upon a pro gramme. And Ministers have repulsed the rush and captured the programme. Now they proudly hang out that banner on the outward wall, and in a day or two there will be declarations that this was the flag and no other which was originally hoisted. Will the session close at Christmas or will it not close ? is the question of the day. The result of the Opposition caucus on the subject is an open secret. There is to be no factious opposition, no attempt to obstruct, but the right to discuss fairly when discussion is called for is not to be foregone. Diffi culties must be met and disposed of; there is to be no stump-jumping plough business. Ibis means that the Government must cut down its programme right and left, or—which Heaven forfend—must meet in January or February- A shrewd guess may be made at the Cabinet choice. Probably the Russian mother who dropped her children one by one will not be in it in the way of sacrifice with Ministers. The Dissentient Ministerialists of last week probably belong to the Government again. At one time Ministers thought that they had gone. And the Opposition made sure that they had come over. The fish were out of the water, hut they were not landed. The members forming the group believe, no donbt, that they have done the best they can for (he country—and not the worst for them- j selves. The Opposition could only deal in ■ promises, and it is an open secret that, like fnr Henry Wrixon, Mr. Gillies wilt never indulge in traffic—well, will scarcely ever indulge—and Ministers have been—as the event shows—prodigal in gifts and pledges. The Dissentients were in a position to do re markably well for themselves. And yet it remains to be seen whether they have been brilliantly successful. The Rail way Committee —with its £0,000 per annum for salaries and incidental expenses—may after all be check mated. Some of the promised lines will hardly pass. There are those who dream dreams, and ^ho see things darkly as in a vision. Tenny son has one such hero, none of whose blood " could lenow the shadow from the substance"— "And while I walked and talked as heretofore 1 seetntd to uiove anaoDg a world of ghosts, Aud feel im telf tUe shadow of a dream." Imagine sucb a one in the House these last tew dayg. He would see sights and hear! sounds, nor know where substance ended: and shadow began. Rumours would take' palpable form. Dimly he . might descry the Genius of the Scene, acting, in bis old r&e; of •atbiter or auctioneer. "Gentlemen/1 have1 submitted many valuable lots in my time, but no more valuable lot than the one of Dis-1 sentient Ministerialists, which Ism proud to; say is now on the market. It -haa great po- j tentialities. I think it could keep a Govern-, ment in; I am sure it eofJldput a Government: there are country members in the lot r--j- -rr- iu UK »"** and town members, not riff-raff, bnt men ot parts, and they swing nil together, A bitT to start with! 'One portfolio,' Thank •voui sir. The ridiculous price of one. llAndf f IWIVC VA VUC K * ftttUre .C<lUioet offered b> the hail! li;.-,'" ~you, JUT. bid Tw? fahme portfolios.' The r.e. , r|i; - vRwucv vuereu wie jta;,* „° Ports iu a revived Standing Railways Committee;' Thank you, Mr. is against the Government, sir. ' Two posts in the Railway Committee and the chairmanship.' There is plenty of buying vet. ' Two Ministerial portfolios and n i northern suburbs line.' Well, gentlemen j of the Left, that is more like busi-j Hess. AH done? all silent on the! r,sbt? No; I thought not ' Three com-1 tuiltM mittee posts and two northern suburban i lines.' Thank you, Mr. Minister, that is] to mv 4,1 '" * " -r «, my reserve. AH done? I ahalll knock the lot down at this, gentlemen. j Jbe lot is for posltiYtwlp. Ithaa been kept j back for some tim* *«*;» -*-1" v rowkefc 6°OnWk POtts unci two UoSe^^b^^i^ bWTL.. #***:■W\My ttent, ^ IL1 ^hktatolate the Gover 801 value' fa?? a %'ou hays plJ*. of couii attend*nca ^ *or yonr gentleman: Tkt. ,v. -uuauce, gentlemen. Tbja to tbe closmg tale of the smsion> , Once more *• ere all entitled to a well-earned recess. wire mill be resumed. ne*t May, and I ahall hope for brisk- business.'! rI£ this weird seizure—this wjld vision-were the lot of anyone, who could point out the shadow from the truth? 1 There is one obvious criticism of the new railway proposnls. To secure the northern suburbs vote it is necessary to submit a Fiteroy line and a Collingwood line also, in the big octopus bill of Mr. Gillies the two lnes were regarded as an extravagance, and ,.a e oct°pus bill the extravagance is still more marked. Mr. Tucker is so skilful and Mr. Best is so popular that the unfor tunate Collingwoodmembers maybe jockeyed out of their line in the Assembly. But on e merits of the proposals the Council is as likely as not to put Collingwood in and to leave Fitzroy out. The makings of a pretty quarrel are here very much in evidence. The Mai lee Bill occupied two whole days of the week, and it deserved the time—hut this does not . Ioolc well for the end of the session before Christmas. There.have been remarkable ups and downs in the colony during the past decade, most remarkable, reminding one of the Arabian Night*, where a man is a fisherman the oneday, a prince the next, and back, at his calling the day afterwards, having lorded it over genii, palaces, and treasures in the meantime. There are suburbs that were profitable orchards, which became magnificent build ing estates, and which are now sorry Ya®te,fi* the mallee has seen as won derful a transformation as any of the districts. ] A decade back the occupants of the mallee werebankrupts. Noonedareown to his banker that he had a venture in the district. And now a mallee holder is the one man who is met with smilesin tiiebank parlour, and who ha3 only to ask in order to obtain. The bill was passed to get the rabbits off the land ; now the measure of the day is to regulate the rush of selectors to the land. The Pamirs are called " nearest to Heaven," and the mallee was described as " next to Hades." It was the abode of Desolation, now it is the Land c>f Promise. Ministers would have liked the hill put through in silence, hilt this could not.be, and the debate was fajtrly maintained from both sides. One of tree features of^e,,evening was the cheers which 'greetedJkfojBow when lie continued his 'poetical description of the land boards, and nig vigorous denunciations of those once popular iimtitiftioMP^Mf, Dow has swung round, and lie -lifes, awUjtig round with a vengeance. And theoffier was the declaration made by the ex-Ministers of Lauds, headed by Mr. Walter Madden, that no new bill is wanted. If the Government have! difficulty in picking out good agricultural tenants, the pastoral lessees have none.1 The state, these ex-Ministers urge, could: afford to let well alone. And the present Minister, Mr. M'Lean. is warmly with them. But the malcontents are led by no less a person than Sir Henry Wrixon. With all his virtues and his amiability Sir Henry is a bit of a doctrinaire, and the distinguishing characteristic of a doctrinaire is an obstinate clinging to ideas. Sir Henry evidently thinks that he disposes of the whole matter when he says, "But if this new mode of settlement be right, and we let an agent pick men with muscles and with money, and pass over deserving cases, our whole system of land selection has been wrong." The facts that the lessees, if allowed to subdivide, put good tenants on the ground, that the selectors are satisfied, and that the state makes money, are not denied, but Sir Henry puts it, " If we are to recognise these facts, what becomes of the theory ?' And though a group of mem bers cheer the new ideas, the House is not j ready for a land-hoard revolution. Mr. Robert Harper made a hit with a pro-! posal for raising loans wiihont increasing the' public debt, of which a good deal more will, be heard. Prepare the mallee for settlement i with railways and waterworks, sell it at a j good price, spreading the payments over: thirty years. Then, if you sell £'1,000,000, or: £2,000.000, or £5,000,000, raise the money at once, devoting the receipts from the selectors, to paying off principal and interest. "Ter-! minahle annuities " is the technical name for, such joint repayments. The debt disappears j as time rolls on. The Trades-hall members ] caught on to this proposal, which evidently I gave them a new idea of the possibilities of j financing. Mr. Wallace, who is one of the veterans of the Council—one of its blunt-spoken mem-! hers also—has never, it seems, cultivated an! acquaintance with modern burlesque, ex-j travaganza, and opera bouffe. He does not seem to have been drawn from his retire- j ment even when "Mose" was played, and; when " Lots of pretty Israelites danced before the prophet, With very fight clothing and very little of it." So the President's theatre party came as a revelation to him. The ladies of the ballet were so cool that they made him hot all over. He would rather, from what he lias heard, go ten times to the Female Tug-of-war than once to the Gaiety. It does not seem to strike Mr. Wallace that it was the tiling itself that was wrong about the Female Tug, and that the clothing question does not come in so mncb. Clothing, or the lack of it, is a matter of custom, as South Sea island experience shows. When the virtuous Mungo Park was captured by the Morocco sheiks be was disgusted with their hareins, and they thought his nankeen tights so indelicate that they would not let the womenkind see him until he put on a decent Rowing robe. Doubtless it can be said ; for Mr. Wallace that the young ladies of the i bnrlesque, like the old masters, are an {acquired taste. And if he means to go to ; more theatre parties—if he is not warned off j —why, he should commence with Grundy's | pleasant comedy, the " Pair of Spectacles or, " It Depends How You Look at the Cose." It was the Exhibition trustees who wickedly put the idea about that the Gaiety was worse than their Female Tug. "Not," added Mr. L. L. Smith, " that 1 object to this." And he evidently did not. The member for Morniugton is a born showman. And the issue who is to he Agent-General scarcely interests the House so much as the question whether Mr. L. L. Smith is or is not to run the Victorian exhibits at the Imperial Institute. If a majority of members will acquiesce in the selection, why, Ministersare agreeable, and the hon. member will go. A knighthood is considered certain. "Sir Louis Lawrence Smith" would aonnd well, and wohld as it were crown the career with the biggest ad vcrtiscment of all. The names of lion, members are aaid to be coming in freely. " liar the. Female Tug business," taya the doctor, "of course I shall. Do you suppose I don't know what's what ? See me receive the old lady. 'Albert Edward,' iKe will say at alia goes out, 'the Victorian Court is what I like. - It is all so Striotiy moral.'" "Any way,' muses Mr. L. L. Smith, " I think it is a moral for roe." A bird's-eye view of the situation. All things are possible—even at this late hour. The ides of Maroh have come, but the ides of March ate not yet over. 