IN DEACON'S ORDERS. BY WALTER BESANT, Author of All Sorts and Conditions of Men " •The Captain's Houin," "Ihe Revolt of Man'" •Her Paulus His Bise, His Greatness, and His FaH,' "St. Katherine's by the Tower " &c.;, Ac. CHAPTER IV. THE DOWNWARD WAT. When Paul found himself in the streets, he talked away with a well-satisfied look ou his face and a smile on his lips. There had been moments since that time in the Cathedral when be felt some anxiety about) hia relations with the girl who reproached him continually, yet never quite threw him over. It was all right; she loved hint. It is always satisfactory for a penniless adventurer to feel that be is actually loved by a girl of independent) fortune; and this without respect to his morals er his principles or his practice; he had no desire to marry her. Marriage, with one so full of prejudice would be like wearing a hair shirt, a thing which I have always regarded as the height of foolishness; but he could always, he thought, borrow money from her. This reflection, coupled with a natural buoyancy of disposition, enabled Paul to keep up bis courage, even at) this dark moment, when the evening papers had the little incident in their bills, and fill the world was talking about it, and many ready writers were inventing EtorieB concerning the cause of that incident. He went home to his lodgings—he had taken two rooms in a first floor near Russel-square. First he took off his clerical garb—coat and waistcoat and collar he laid aside with something like a groan. "When," he asked, "shall I wear these things again?" He thought of the saintly figure clad in white and the upturned eyes and the hands folded in prayer or extended in exhortation, and he eigheda deep and heartfelt sigh. "Thevindictiveness of that Vicar !" he said. " Where is charity ! Where forgiveness?" _ He put on a short black jacket and a black tie so that he now looked like only half a cleric, because no diEguise could possibly take from bis face the look which belonged to none other than one of the cloth. Every profession has its typical face; yoa may, for instance, construct the typical barrister by photographing one upon the other all the faces in all the wigs in All the Courts, but it is seldom that you find any one man possessed of the typical face. So with the young clergyman; it is seldom, indeed, that you find in one man the typical clerical face. But Paul had it. This change effected, he spread out blotting pad and paper. "Repentance," said Paul the Deacon, "opens all doors. I shall make haste to repent." He sat down, therefore, and wrote two letters, one of them he addressed to his late vicar. It was the second letter—you have beard of the first He deplored deeply any errors—he candidly called them errors—which he might have committed; he hinted that as regards money he could not understand that any harm had been done. " I merely borrowed of you, as from our common chest, certain money wanted for parish purposes. I forgot to tell you of it. What crime have I committed ? As regards the other incident, youth might be pleaded an excuse. But I plead none—I am deeply penitent. I can say no more. Meantime, I have been disgraced by being turned away from the Bishop at the last moment, in the face of the whole congregation. Is that not enough? I now ask you, first to write to the Bishop withdrawing the charge of fraud, and softening as much as you can—if not withdrawing altogether, which would be the more charitable line—tufi other business. This done, he will donbtless receive at his next ordination. Secondly, I wish to return-— my character unstained—to my post among , our beloved flock. Any little coldness or T suspicion will soon pass away. As I said to yon the other day, it takes — O 2—j-i T.v .. •»> ...„ u) maice a not be one. Take care not to be the 9ther. n fie added a few tags which he thought might be useful. In the letter which he wrote to the Bishop be complained that a charge of forgery and fraud had been made out of a perfectly innocent and well-meant act. That, iu short, in theabsence of the vicar, he had signed his name in order to get some money necessary for a for parish purposes, not for himself at all. As regards the other matter he abased himself. m He asked to prove his repentance by hard dtps work—the hardest—in a poor parish—the poorest—among the worst sinners, himself a dinner. And so on. The vicar wjten l>e got this epistle tossed it across iue table to his wife. " An impudent T hypocrite," he said, " I shall write and tell p him so." And he did. The Bishop read the letter with a brow of corrugated iron. "Thisletter reveals a very uuusual mind," lie said to his chaplain. "Onemight wish to have the writer here as in a hospital—we want a hospital of Crooked and Crippled Minds and to watch the development of him. Who was j it said that the study of mankind is a math?- ! matical problem, not t'>-; ev6fv m m Is'an enigma? He^ « a creature who commits a WhoBtoa clumsy forgery; there is not the , least reason for believing that he feels the smallest shame or repentance for it; he shows that he has no such feeling. He steals and is detected. He doesn't feel any shame; he thinks the matter will be just passed over. Nay, he now pretends that the money was wanted for parish purposes. He is a most accomplished liar—a brazen liar. . . I wonder what his industry has been. It is indeed an impudent letter. As for the second part of it. the alleged rru„.„ penitency — is the most ' palpable sham. There is no true ring about it. . Tell him that he .must continue to repent in order to save his soul alive—and not in order to get priests' orders. Tell him also that under no circumstances will I allow him to officiate again in my Diocese as a deacon nor will I bestow upon him the order of the priesthood. This instruction the chaplain faithfully— even zealously—carried out, 6o that the young man was for a short time heavy m spirit, because he knew not how, outside the Church, he was to live. When he bad finished these letters it was close upon 7 o'clock. _ At this time the mind of man naturally turns in the direction of dinner. This led him to think of his resources, because dinner cannot be obtained without money. He spread out his money on the table and counted it. There were ten five-pound notes, . which he had borrowed of his friend at the Club, and there was the sum of £314s. (id. in gold and silver—total, _ fifty • three pounds fourteen shillings and sixpence. The money constituted his whole possessions. There was a small sum due to mm from his late vicar, but then be owed more than that at his former lodgings. Well — fifty-three pounds—there seemed a good deal of spending in fifty-three pounds—four months' spending, perhaps. He would bave a little holiday. He dined com fortably, if not luxuriously, at a West-End restaurant with a pint of Sauterene—he was at that time no drinker but he liked, in smal quantities, dainty vines, such as Hock, Still Moselle, Sauterene or l J uoellas. After dinner be remembered a place which he had not seen since he first assumed the responsibilities of a deacon. It was a palace in a certain square, where they have a wonderful ballet every evening. A most admirably conducted palace, yet not quite the place for the spiritually minded. Thither he fared and gazed at the stage and at the company, which in its turn Razed upon him in wonder and in joy, because lie was really and unmistakably a parson, and so few parsons were ever seen in that palace. When the performance was over be went out into the square; he did not want to go home, liis lodgings would be too dull after the blaze of light, the blare of music, and the troops of dancing girls. Then he remembered a place where he nad been once taken—a place not far from the Haymarket. Could he find it again ? The establishment called itself a clubdoubtless, therefore, it was a club. At the entrance stood a functionary with a gold stri]w down hia legs, and a gold band round his cap who invited "members" to sign their names in a book. Paul signed the name of his vicar, with his address clearly written, and mounted the red carpeted stairs. A club Indeed it was—a most beautiful club. There was a band playing in one room, ! y ST K - man , l « k « i on a . nd . his j and and ^ T h t ™ »Li a I^eVer £ t i, hmg waS f h S^J ^ T l a ^ o r t ~ r e W w r aTar" and" young lady dispensing drink! and a waiter J opening champagne, and parties of two or of i four or of six taking supper with laughter and j merriment. And in another room was a pair | of tables where they were having a little quiet baccarat; and another room where they were enjoying, rather noisily, a little nap, and another room where there prevailed a deadly quiet, while a few gentlemen in pairs played fccartt. A beautiful little club ; so gentlemanly— theManager himself, who was thereevery night and knew the place, made this remark—so complete a little heaven below. i A week later Paul looked" ruefully at his purse. Out of the fifty-three pounds there were left only eight. His holiday, he reflected, • bad lasted much less time than he expected. i Money must be made somehow. In two or three weeks he would be etr&nded.; There was always Maggie—yet he shrunk from begging of her so soon; be did not want, just then, too much talk of conscience—he must make money, CI'he Church at least for a time, must be considered as out of the question. Now in these days how does a young man hard up—or a young woman—always try to make money? He writes a story—he always begins by writing a story. The young woman who is hard up does exactly the same thin<r. Then he sends it to an editor and expects Lj bave an immense cheque returned immediately. JSometimes he improves his chances by telling the editor that he has "just dashed it off." Paul the deacon did not do this. He knew a little about things; he knew, for instance, that a story teller very, very seldom springs into existence at a leap bnt that he grows. He also knew at the outset that he had no power whatever of creating the smallest work of imagination. This knowledge saved him much disappointment. He tried a new and an ingenious plan. (It is not new, because the thing has been worked before but in a more rudimentary manner.) His method was this : He went to the British Museum; he hunted up old magazines, especially American magazines, of thirty years ago, when they never came to this country at alL He found stories I there which, with a very little alteration, j answered his purpose perfectly. He copieJ : them out, changing names and places, and sometimes altering their dialogue. When the first one was quite ready he sent it to the editor of a certain monthly magazine with a letter. He said in this letter, "I send you what I am certain is a really good story, I have no name ' in literature, or I should make a bargain with j you. As it is, I will let you have it at your i ordinary price. You will do well to read it., i do not enclose stamps for its return, because J you-wiU not^ return ^it except in proof." He ; 8 gned himself Paul Iliffe. A very good letter. The thing did come ack, ia proof, and it was an excellent story— ; nd he got a moderate cheque, no doubt as much as the magazine could afford. The editor asked for another—and another—and another. Meantime he had tried two other editors, also with success. The name of Paul Iliffe began to get known. People looked for his stories; and the cheques came in—not of course enormous < heques, but modest cheques, as big as could be expected. He went no more to the all night club, and he lived in cheap lodgings. He had found an excellent way of making money, and being as before stated, young ana buoyant, he did not ask himself how long the game would last. It lasted for eight months; during this time he had planted twelve stories; he had six or seven more nearly ready when the crash came. It came in the form of a letter to the Athcnamm in which the writer pointed out that three stories, all bearing the signature of Paul Iliffe, were all three purloined—he said purloined—from the pages of an old American magazine railed The Knickerbocker. This abominable letter also quoted passages which showed that the things were not imitations but actual copies word for word, line for line, with only the names changed. Paul saw a reference to the letter in the bill of a morning paper. When he got the Athcnuumo.nd read the letter he hastened to change his lodgings and his name. As none of his editors had ever seen him be was comparatively safe. The unfinished storie3 in his hands he would send, he thought, under another name to other magazines. He was not greatly concerned about the accident. A little paragraph which followed a few days after concerned him less because he did not sec it. In that paragraph it was stated that the " Paul Iliffe" who had just been convicted of copying old stories and selling them for new was the Rev. Paul Leighan, who had been turned out of the Cathedral at the moment of obtaining priests' orders. "An impudent scoundrel!" said the old vicar. "I said so before. An impudent scoundrel." "This is his repentance, my lord," said the Bishop's chaplain. Maggie read the paragraph ; and this WAS the man she loved! He tried another editor writing under another name. This suspicious person wrote that the story was very good but there had been certain frauds recently practised upon editors and he must ask him formal reference. H< He ! 1 tried again, and got much the same reply, hai £ame was ended. The history the next year or two is bScUre. I ud not thlnt t-hi* any complete record of it could be traced. He became the leading tencr in a wandering company of nigger mmetreis, and n£6d to sing with great feeling, and with upturned eyes, Bongs of the domestic j affections. The troupe was only moderately | successful, and the Ghost sometimes refused to j walk. It was probably during the tour, and s perhaps in consequence of meagre diet, that he began to take irregular nips and drinks. Such man does not become a vulgar drunkard; be ips while the drunkard laps; but the effeot is uch the same in loss of will and nerve, and in eterioration. Perhaps there was little furher deterioration possible. But there was ossible reoovery, and this possibility began to uffer loss. The nigger troupe came to a calamitous end. he ihanager bolted and the company disersed, and had to get back to town aud other engagements as best they could. It was at this juncture that Paul went on the stage. One of the nigger troupe gave him lessons in the elements of the arc. He was still young and handsome. His voice was still rich and musical; his eyes were still lovely to the _ young lady of a certain type. He went on the » d r a h l ht t d u tn s aBd ^ i^ignt have got on very well. or c -«uately hia first part in it travelling comthat of a curate. He p iaj>ed it a ever was a chate played ^th so of the eyes sympathy never failed aiidra^tto to fetch the house; and rdi the ecclesiastical eves never taueo twang, to the rerca unctuous rue nou=e. drop ana of the voice, the saintly pose of the hands, seemed to reveal new actor. They talked of the London stage for him. It was only talk, He paid no visit at all during this time upon : Maggie. Sheremained in her flat and expected ' him. nim. But he did not comc. Once or twice he wrote for money, but got none. Men like Paul, when they get shabby, cease to present themselves in person. They write begging letters. Maggie visited her friends. Men came and proposed to her—a thing which happens verv often to maidens who are both rich and beautiful. She refused every body and returned to her flat, and waited for tiding?. Of the nigger troupe episode she heard nothing nor of the stage business, both of which had been carried underdifferentnames. She had read the "Paul Iliffe" incident. Since then there was silence, But sho knew that he would come back some day, some time, and she waited. She had been in love •with a ghost—with the original ideal after whom Paul made up: with the soul cxpelled to make room for a devil, She waited for that soul to return to the poor demoniac body. His next step was to the stage of the music baJl as a lion tenor. In this capacity he returned to the sentimental ditties of the nigger company and when he was encored sang " 'Twas „ in Trafalgar's .. , o Bay," .. and "„ My . JL Pretty . . Jane," and "Good-by, Sweetheart." And here be continued for a space of twelvemonths. For salary he did pretty well-, sometimes making twenty pounds a week, and sometimes less, He possessed so much dignity that he did not Chord that cracked," and such themes pleased his audience. His handsome face and his sentimental eyes— - which now suggested the rapturesof lawful and connubial love—pleased the the people, who always like songs of the domestic affections better than anything else you can give them. As for his private life during this period, it was that of the prodigal son ; hia money was spent in riotous living. Over and over again he would have turned out and told off for a swineherd by his associates save for the fact that next week he was always going " to draw - another twenty pounds or so. While he was singing an encore one night he became aware that there was a man in the hall who knew him. In fact, it was his old fri^ii'J Homorton Smith who was in the front and h vi found him. This man sent round his card and followed it. " So, Paul," he said, " this is what you are doing, is it "This is what I am doing. As you see," Paul replied, shortly. " Yes. you've got a very fine voic-e. Don't j'ou think yoa might make a—a more profitable use of it':" "Perhaps you have something more protiahle to suggest" "Well—perhaps. Will you come to my chambers aSdtalk'i It is a long time since we Paul hesitated. There might be questions —reference to conscience-hoSour-and other deficiencies. His friend looked serious. There \--that last chequ^, he nodded his head and You they will drove take off together, a soda and whisky, of course," said his friend, "and a cigar? Hero you are—and now" he threw himself into a chair, and plunged at once into things disagreeable. " Your life, I take it, is rough, Paul, isn't it? Quite so. Bather. And companions of the lower kind, presumably; not quite so cultivated as your old friends of the Cathedral and the Church, perhaps. Too much drink, I should say. Views of life rather lower than >' ou used to maintain. Your face, Paul, shows the fact. It is coursenmg—and worsening. You are sti11 a handsome man, but something has has been lost." " One cannot always be young, " ^'o. The last time we met was at the club. You called there and found me with Euston Joues who's a journalist. It was the day after the rumpus at the Cathedral. You showed us a letter from the Bishop's chaplain, saying that the Bishop was satisfied of your innocence. That letter was not written by the Bishop's j chaplain." ' No—I wrote it. , Homerton Smith, when a man ie^cornered he will fight with any weapon—he must." " You had to RO out of the civilized worlil, and yon went out of it with a bounce, just as an actor leaves the stage with a shake of the fist at the gallery and a slam slam of the sham exit. You dropped out and we went on with- •utfyon. It was a pity, Paul. Yon are one of those men to whom much is allowed and almost everything forgiven—I myself—but let that pass. Yon might have lived it down, because no nie would have spoken of the scandals, and indeed there would have been no scandals. A lady, it seems, interfered, and not only repaid the money to the vicar, but took , care of . Well . But then came the Paul Iliffe episode. After that it certainly became difficult to return." I 1 "It was a false charge," said Paul. 1 1 did what other writers always do. I found my plots and I used them—Shakspeare did it. Everybody does it." "Very good. Yon are now on the high road to destruction. Say, old man" he sat up and spoke earnestly, "why don't you go up in the world instead of down ? I think it must be quite as easy." Then began, with the help of this Samaritan^ a new experience for Paul the Deacon. He got a variety entertainment written for him with songs and sketches, something after the style ofMr. Corny Grain.' He wasnota vwy versatile actor, because his strength lay almost wholly in the sentimental line, but he could plav well and his voice was still very good. The "life of the variety entertainer is chequered-with light and shade. It is hilly, all up and down, with no high levels and sometimes there are broad bottoms, in the valleys. The entertainment lasted, with the help of friend Homerton Smith, the whole winter. Then Mr. Homerton Smith, being called abroad, the entertainer went bankrupt. He went through the Court, and had to confess, before he gut his discharge, that he was none other but the de^coa who was refused priests' orders under such startling circumstances. This amuse-d and astonished the world, because when a man is knocked into space by such an accident we never expect to hear of him or from him any more. Nobody knows where they go or how they live. I would willingly pass over the next passage, but the story must be followed out to the end. When he left the Court of Bankruptcy he had, for all possessions, the clothes he stood in and a few pounds in his pockets. He might have gone back to the music hall, but ho was afraid. Everybody now knew from the papers that he was in orders—in Deacon's Orders only, it is true, but the people do not observe nice distinctions. He might have had himself advertised as the " Rev. Paul Leighan, B.A., Lion Tenor," and gone on to meet the applause of the multitude. That method occurred to him. Or he might go on without taking any notice of the exposure and be "guyed" by the gallery. Not even the most brazen of music hall singers likes being guyed by the gallery, if only because the proprietor considers the fact in the next adjustment of salaries. Paul was still extremely sensitive to the opinions of the house. He did not face the gallery. Ho became, or tried to become, a journalist— that is a picker up of odds and ends. He ran about at night collecting things; he haunted the outskirts of crowds; he stood about in bars of taverns. But he never made a good penny-aliner. But he did not know what was wanted or where to look for it. The true purveyor of flimsy must have some knowledge of humanity, together with some sympathy. Paul had only studied one specimen of humanity—himstlf. This business, never very successful, came to a sudden ii crash—a disaster—a collision. The law, in fact, was going one way with great steadiness and resolution, and Paul was going the other way, and they met, with the result that Paul, being wrecked, went into seclusion for six months. You must not, you see, sell to a tradesmen the support of the whole London PreSS~-jT»'"3j Daily JYcics, Standard, Teleyrapk, Post, Qhwiiclc, and^ all—unless ypu are able to carry out your pledge. Tiiey called it obtaining money under false pretences. And once more the Rev. Paul Cannington Leighan, B.A„ figured in the papers, and once more a good part of his record was published for all in d ; udill S the scene at the Cathedral, -i. the x reason why—only i • half correct— the Paul Iliffe episode, and the bankruxjtcy. Margaret, in her fiat, read the paper. Paul had not seen her since that day when he came traight from the Cathedral. She had read of him from time to time—read of his disgraces and his shames. The man was hopelesely disgraced, egraded, and ruiced. fv'othiny could now estore him to his former place. No repentnce could bring him back to the world of onour. Yet he had still before him all his ife—he was not yet thirty. There is always ope for the young—at least it is happily so hought and taught—for my part, seeing the inensity of the temptation for the young I vruMW oubt whether nuvuiict their WUCU case V-twu is W more IUUIC hopeful llUIJClUt than bilitU hat of the old, who may be vinous, but) ! o lonesr deluded i,„ by imagination. ' — 5 i "He will come back to me," shs said. "I i uffered him to kiss me—fc 0 speak of love-in the midst of his ^ls,g raeR. I have made him j part and y/areel of myself. When he comes b^ck to me I will" What could she do : ! 