a race-meeting in THE BUSH. I A Tale From Way Back. Time ? Tea, we did have a tirao, and no kid about it; strike me dead if ever I Been such a bloomin' picnic. Why, the only man who kept sober out of tlie whole crowd was Pafc Doolan himself, and he had such a seat of ivork serving out drinks to all hands, that he hadn't time to get drunk. His was the only pub within a hundred miles, bo, of course, thoro was generally a good muster oi chaps hanging round, looking for horses, picking up stray bullocks, and one thing and another, and when it got about that there was to bo a race-meoting at Pat Doolan's pub, all hands started in to polish up their bits, and etirrup-irons, and grease their leathers ; and Iot3 of coves took a couple of days' work outof their best hacks, riding over to the store at Walbadilla Station to buy flash gear for their mokes, such as double reined bridles with nicke 1 buckles, smart saddle cloths, and such like fal-lals. There wasn't much cattle mustering, or any work of that sort done for about a month before the, meeting, for there wasn't a station round thoso parts that hadn't got some sort of a crock that was pretty slippery for a mile or bo. Though, as old Dawson, from ' Emu Plat,' said, whon ' Billy the Crane ' was cracking up his wall-eyed filly with the white hind feet : — ' Yos, you think you'r* Eoincc mighty fast when you see tho trees slip2-in' past you j but you wait till you get her alongside a smart horse or two. Don't talk to me about j)aco. Why, I'll jump on one of. them old milking cows, and do you bad for half a mile.' Anyone would have bad to get up pretty early in the morning if they wanted to take tea with old Daw-1 Bon, and lots of the chaps said, when he won the Squatters' Handicap; for grass-fed horses only, that it was pretty old fashioned grass that Ids horses were trained on. ' , ? Well, Pat Doolan's place was a sight for sore eyes on the morning of the races. There were about three horses tied to each peg of the rail in front of the shanty be longing to chaps who were going to camp on the creek, and who had just tied up to go in and have a nobbier and hear the news,; and those that couldn't find a place to tie their horse's up had to put them in the yavd, and there they were, jammed to gether like tinned sardines, and squealing and biting and kicking one another till you couldn't see 'em for dust, The bar-room was full of squatters and drovers, bullock drivers, stockmen, and jackavoos, drinking whisky 'straight.' and mostly playing ??yankee Grab' at a pound a ' P°P-' nn-l there wasn't a man but was prepared to back his horse against all-comers for drinks round. A few of the local celebrities were sitting on one end of the bar, swopping, lies, and there was very nearly being a row when 'Holy Ghost Bob,' the teamster, swore that he had once owned a poley bullock that could do hia mile in three seconds under ' Cup' time, because someone suggested that Bob had been in front 'riding for his natural.' Jimmy Taylor's bay mare. Princess,, was a hot favorite for the Stockmen's Kace, as everyone said she wna the smartest ' camp' mare in the district, and that when Jimmy himself was up on her there wasn't a ' Bcrubber' ever lived that could get away from him. Of course the Publi can's Purse was to be the great event of the day; for horses that had been in the possession of nominators six months before the day of the race ; 9st up ; prize, .£20. Chaps had brought horses 200 miles for this event, and some had got their whole year's wages laid but in bets on their mounts. This promised to bo a splendid race, and Joe Daly, tho horse-breaker, who had a jeiO book on the principal event, was laying 3 to 1 on the field, in a manner that spoke well for the roaring powers of Doolan's best O.V.G. By the time dinner was ready, all hands had about had enough talking, and were beginning to think about the real business of the day ; so the meal — consisting of hot corned beef, stewed kidn«y, and cold roast, with cabbage, pumpkin, and 'murphies in their duds,' topped up with plum duff — was eaton in comparative silence ; and, -ave for a, station hand cutting his lip with his knife in his hurry to clear his plate for a second helping of corned-beef, and causing the host to exclaim : 'Take care, young man, the backs of them knives are very sharp,' it passed off with out anything occurring to mar. the solem nity of the feast. ' . After dinner parties began to .arrive from nil directions, and after the male portion of the arrivals had wetted their whistles at the pub, they all made for the racecourse.. , First of all came a buggy containing the 'manager of Spring Hills sheep station with his wife and daughter,; escorted by a ;-!6uplo;- of .'Colonial ex-: periences' on. horseback. -,? Then - came ? a- regular- cavalcade- of; chaps on horseback; j every man on the smartest horse tie opuld j got, oither bought or borrowed especially for the occasion; blacksmiths, carpenters, fencers, dam-makers, cooks, station hands, and all sorts; some got lip tremendous dukes, in cabbage-tree hats and colored puggaries, -with brand new Bedford-cord trousers and leggings; others in clean moleskins and gaudy striped Bhirts, all ready to go to their last shillings on their fancies, and all ready to drink themselves blind, and have a rare good time gener ally. The cook and his wife, from Yanko bara, arrived in a spring cart, after three days' journey. The biggeBt dash of all was out by tlie young fellows from Wal langoola cattle run, who drove over, eight of them in a waggonette, and six with a concertina and a cornet on board, making the devil's own row as they drove up at a hand-gallop, pulled up slap in front of tho pub., and called for champagne It tout champagne, too; war ranted to kill at a hundred yards. The course was about half a mile from the shanty, on a nice bit of a flat alongside the creek. A grandstand had been fixed up by putting half a dozen bullock waggons together, and covering them with chaira, tables, and anything that came handy in tho way of a seat, . ? . -'.-': There were two police- troopers, mighty ' flash in their now uniforms, with revolvers in their saddles,' to keep order; not that they were muoh wanted, f or . bnsh'men manage to got along peaceably enough without being bothbred with any bloming 'traps.' The clerk of tho course, Mr. Hill, the manager of a big cattle station near, was riding about, vory important in a red coat, mounted on a broken-down racer, and flying round like a blue-hosed fly in a tripe shop. . The meeting began with the Squatters' Handicap, for grass-fed horses only, every horse guaranteed the bona-fide property of a squatter, and to be ridden by owners. Prize, £10; distance, 1 mile. 'When the horses came out for their pre liminary canter, you'd have died to see old ' Greasy Anderson's ' fourteen Btone hanging all over a nuggetty- looking brown filly, that looked lonely with out a spring cart behind her; and as he cantered past the Grand Stand somebody sang out, 'Two to one on the mare with the pack on.' Well, they got away after three false starts, during which old Joe Hanning nearly got disqualified because he would catch hold of the bridle of the horse next him to prevent him getting away in front. When they did get started Dawson went to the front, and stopped there, for, whether his black colt was frightened at tho crowd, or whether the grass that he'd been trained on was of a very different sort that gene rally grows in tho bush, could not be ascertained, but, anyway, pull ns he might, old Dawson couldn't koep him back a foot, and ho was heard to romark confidentially, after coming in a winner by about 50yds, that ' he shouldn't be able to get a single bet on about him next year.' The next event was the Hack Eace, for horses four years and over ; weightfor age ; prize, £3. Distance, half-a-mile. ?? There were fifteen competitors for this race, and such a rum lot you nover so.w. There was the storekeeper from Walbadilla, on a maro called The Flying Squizzer, a great, tall, mouse-colored thing, with a neck at right angles to her back, and a long thin tail that she kept whisking' around, fit to take a man's eye out. Then there was1 a great big, upstanding, raw boned devil of a grey horse, with a wicked eye, that young Martin, who brought him over from Spring Hills, said he'd back to hold his own with anything that ever lived, if he. could once get him going. But got him going he never did, for as soon as the flag went down, down went my noble's head, in went his tail, and up went his back, and he started such a game of bucking that would have unstnppod any man almost; nevertheless young Martin sat him nobly for a good bit, bucking side ways, backwards, straight along for about twenty yards, then a mad tear at the reins and round again, Bnorfcing liko a ' bumby' and jumping above four feet in the air with every buck, till at last, just when Martin's grip was giving, bang went the girths and up flow Martin, saddlo and all, like a sky-rocket, and landod clean as a whistle on his back outside the ropes, while the horse went tearing down tho course, catching his forefeet in tho bridle, into the creek and over the other side and away down the flat as if the devil was after him. Martin wasn't hurt much luckily, only shaken a bit, so they picked him up, and gave him a nip of whisky; when he started, as well he might, cursing the hor3O for a jumped-up, slab-sided, ewe-necked, pigeon toed, hung-together cow, and sword .that if he ever got him again ' he'd cut his d — ? — liver out,' and slide on it.' Of course this unsettled the field a bit, but 'at last they got off, all fourteen of 'em, up in a bunch together, 'till about two hundred yards from homo, when The Flying Squizzer came out of the ruck, with a little rat of a bay pony on her girths, and a rare race they made of it, neck and neck right up to the judge's box, while the crowd raised cries of, 'Sit down on tlie mare !' ' Now. then on tho pony !' 'Get your whip out, Jim !' It's a dead heat!'.' 'No it ain't!' ' Good again, Jimmy, boy !' and so forth, as the mare got first past by a short head, and sailed clean round the course again, with her head up in the air, before she could be pulled up. : The Stockmen's Eace, which was the next event on the programme, was won by a rank outsider, whom no one appeared to . have ever seen or heard of. Of -.- course the supporters of Taylor's colebrated mare, Princesa, were very much upset by this occurrence, and were forced to seek conso lation from whisky, which both cheered and inebriated. To such an extent, indeed, ?were their spirits raised by the influence of the 'flowing bowl' that a concert was organised on the spot, and all present were obliged either to sing or 'shout' drinks for the crowd. Needless to say the majority preferred the former alternative. Honce arose a veritable Pandemonium, which, if all accounts are true, continued at intervals for a -week; till finally, all hands being broke, or otherwise hors de combat, peace was restored, and the locality resumed its wonted tranquility. Tho proceedings terminated with the ' Publican's Plate,' the big event of the day. This was won, after an exciting con test, by a very popular character, a butcher from the township of ' Eockdale,' about a hundred miles distant. The hero was carried to the pub on the shoulders of his comrades, and there filled by the neek until he was dead — drunk. From -which delightful operation I have heard it stated that be never afterwards completely re covered. We will draw a veil over the subsequent, proceedings, and consider it sufficient to say that a bigger or a more thoroughly business-like drunk than took, place on that night has never beon hoard of before or since. . . . . . ;.. ,;-. . ? . ? . And all that they did, and the whisky they drunk,, and the heads that were cracked, and, the mouths that prevailed in the morning, are they pot mentioned in the chronicles of the neighborhood? ?. '? , , One man there . was who. Btood perfectly sober gloating overtho prostrate forms of friends and foes alike;, quellodiby the des potiBin of the great imonaroh.i Drink,': and,% that man's! name: was iPat. Doolan, 'and' tlie Rome was a publican and a sinner.' .; i ???'.'?:????;:?'.;;'?' ;v.C-.'-.; !;'??' '.?:-.'';.' VA : '.BosKiti.K^ ; 