THE INFLUENZA. DYING. THE plague is still being rapidly stayed iu England. The deaths primarily attributed to it, which had fallen from 506 to 183 in the preceding four weeks, fell further last week to 79, and it may . be hoped that in a few more weeks not a ghost of it may remain. Meantime, the official influenza inquiry is in full progress. The investigation, we learn from the British Medical Journal* ia in the hands of the medical department of the Local Government Board, and is under the special direction of Dr. Buchanan, the chief medical officer of /the Board. The co-operation of hospital physicians who have had special op- portunities of seeing large numbers of cases has been secured, and it is hoped they may be able to shed considerable light on the matter, lt will be news to many to learn that there is a suspicion among the prof ession that the influenza is capable of being com- municated by horses to man, and the .pathological branch of the inquiry will involve a special investigation .into this matter. Altogether, the inquisi- tion, if instituted somewhat tardily, promises to be fairly thorough. Mr. Balfour bas, it is said, undertaken the tiresome duty of writing the night's report of the proceedings in the House . of Commons for the Queen. Mr. Balfour's record will, no doubt, be as bright and epigrammatic as were the ¡communications of Mr. Disraeli, which often resembled the political passages .in his novels. The Queen's series of Parliamentary reports, sent to her by Lord John Bussell, Sir Robert Peel, Lord Palmerston, Mr. Disraeli, and Mr. . Gladstone respectively, is preserved in the private library at buckingham Palace, and it forms a perfectly unique inner history of the House of Commons .during the present reign, lt may be hoped that Her Majesty will some day. consent to publish these interesting and remarkable records. Among the persons nominated for the London County Council were the Duke of Norfolk, Lord Rosebery, Lord Monks well, Lord William Cecil, Lord Lamington, Lord Ilchester, and Lord Carrington. Four Ms.P. are standing, Mr. Pickersgill, Mr. Howard Vincent, Mr. Bouinois, and Colonel Hughes. An ? extraordinary number of barristers havè \- come forward, no fewer than thirty-one appearing in the list of candidates. . Sir Edwin Arnold says that the average editorial ' leader'of an English newspaper is the product of three, hours of diligent work by an accomplished man such as Andrew Lang, for instance. He . himself once wrote one of 2000 words with a lead pencil in an hour-a rate of speed which seems prodigious, and which a crack American reporter writing against time could hardly excel j but a mail who has written eight thousand leaders, as the author of the ' Light of Asia ' has done, must necessarily have become expert at it. 