ftir .U'TER hi. ” What's too matter, Torn Bruco?” anid tho father, eyeing him with surprise, “Mattel* enough,” responded tho young riant, with a grin of mingled awo uud delight; I “ tho Jibbimainonuy is up nguiu !” I “ Wharr” cried tho tfonior, eagerly,—“not I iu our limits:” “ No, i>y Johoshaphut,” replied Tom ; “ but nigh cuough to bo neighborly,—oil tho north bank of Kontuclc, whar ho has loft bis mark right in tho middle of tho road, aa fresh as though it war but tho work of tho morning!»’ “Alula clear jnark^Tom?—.no inistako in (l Right to an iota!" aiim ttio young inau “uroggelar cross on tho breast, and a good tomahawk dig right through tho skull; and a loug-Iogg’d follow, too, that looked as though ho might liuvo fou’t old Sattan himsolf P” “It’s tho Jibbonainosay, sure ouougb; and so good luck to him!” criod tho conimaudor; “ thar’s a hnrricann c-omiug!’’ “Who is tho Jibbenaiuoaay?” demanded Forrester, “ Who ?” criod Tom Bruco: “ Why, Nick,_ Nick of tho Woods.” ' “And who, if you pleaso, is Nick of tho WoodBr” “Thar,” roplied tho junior, with another grin, “ thar, stranger, you'ro too hard for mo. Somo think ono thing, and somo another; but thur’s many reckon Ws tho devil,” “ And his mark, that you wero talking of in such mysterious torins,—what is that?” “ Why. a dead Injun, to bo euro, with Nick's mark on him—a knifc*cut, or a braco of ’em, ovor tho ribs in tho shapo of a cross. That’s tho way tho Jibbonainosay marks all tho meat of his killing. It has been a wholo yoar now winen w* h’ani of him,” “ Captain,” said tho older Bruco, “ you don't seem to understand tho affa'r altogether; but if you wore to ask Tom about tho Jibbonaiuosay till doomsday, ho could toll you no moro than Ik* hue told already. You must know, thar’s a creator' of some sort or other that runges tho woods round about ouv station h'yar, keeping a sort of guard ovor us like, and killing all-the bruto Injuns that ar’ onlucky enough to como in his way, besides scalping them and marking thorn with his mark, Tho Injuns oall him Jibbonainosay, or a word of that natur’, which them that know moro about tho Itijun gabble than I do say moans tho Snirit-that-walkB; and if wo con boliovo any such lying devils as Injuns (which 1 am loth to do, for tho truth arVt in ’em), ho is norther man nor boost, but a great ghost or dovil that knifo cannot harm nor bullet touch; and thoy havo always had an idea that our fort h'yar iu particular, and the country lound about, war under his friendly protection—many thanks to him, whether hobo a dovil or not; for that war the reason the Bnvngos so soon loft off a worrying of us.” 41 Is it posaiblo,” said Roland, “that anyone can beliove such an absurd story ?” V Why not V' said Bruco, stoutly. “ Thar’B the Injuns themselves, Shawnoe8,HnronR,Delawaros and all—but portickolarly tho Shawneea, for he boats all creation a-killing of Shawneea—that bolievo in him, and hold him in such etarnal dread, that thar’a scarce a brute of 'om has come within 10 miles of tho station h’yar this threo y'ar; bocauBo as bow, be haunts about our woods h'yar in partickolar, and kills 'em whoresouiovor he catches 'era—especially the Shawneea, as I said afore, against which tho croatur’ 1ms a most butchering spito; and thoro’s thorn among tho other tribes that call him Shawneownimawecn, or tho Howl of tho Shaw noca, becanso of his keeping them over a*bowl ing. And thar's hia marks, captain—what do you mako of that ? . Whcu you fiud an Injun lying scalped and tomahawked, it stands to reason thar war something to kill him.” “Ay, truly,” said Forrostor ; ‘‘but I think you have human beings enough to give the credit to, without referring it to a supernatural “ Strannger,” said Big Tom Bruce tho younger, with a sagacious nod, “ whoa you kill an Injun your?elf, I reckon — meauitig no offeuce—you will bo willing to take all tho honor that can como of it, without leaving it bo scrambled after by othors. Thar’s no man ’arim a scalp iu Kentucky, without taking great pains to show it to his neighbors.” ” Aud besides, captain,” said tho father, vory gravoly, “thar nro mon among us who havo eoo tho creatur*!” *‘ That,” said Roland, who porcoivod his now friends wero not woll pleased with his incredu lity, 41 is an argument I can resist no longer.” “Thar war Deu Jones, and Sara ^liarpand Fetor StnaU-oye, and a dozen more, who all had a glimpse of him stalking through tho woods, at different times; and, thoy agree, ho looks inoro liko a dovil nor a mortal man—a great tall follow, with horns uud a hairy head I liko abulTalo-buU, aud a lutlo devil that looks 1 like a black b’ar, that wulks before him to point out tho way. TIo war always found in the deopo.it forests, and that’s tho reason wo call him tlie Nick of tho Woods; whnrby wo mean Or.n Niok of tho Woods ; for wo hold him to bo tho dovil, though n frieudlv ono to• nil but tho Injuns. Now, captuin, 1 war never suporstitious in my life—hut I RO my douth on tho Jibbonafaoeay \ I never sood tho croatur* himsolf, bat Ihnvoseon, in ray time, two difTo* rout fiuvnpos of his killing, it’s u uuro sign, if you soo him iu tho woods, thoro’sln {unsat hand; 1 awl it's a good sign whon you find his mark without seeing himsolf, for thou you may bo Huro tho brntos nro off—far thoy can't stand old Nick of tho Woods no how ! At first, bo war never IFard of afar froip our station ; but hn 1ms hogun to widen his range. Last year !m left bis marks down Salt River in JofYer son ; aud now, you boo, ho is striking ganio north of tho Kontncky ; and I’voh’ard of thorn that say ho kills Shawnee* even in their own country ; though consuming that I’ll not bo so p.ir'ickehir. No, no, Captain, thar’a no tufetako in Nick of tho Woods ; and if you aro ho minded, wo will go aud h’ar tho wholo nows of him.. But I say, Tom,” contiuued tho Ken tuckian, hb tho three left the porch togother, 44 who brought tho nows P” “ Captuin Ralph—Rosring Ralph Stackpoio,” replied Pom Bruce, with a knowing and humorous look. “ Wlmt!” cried the father, in sudden alarm ; “ Look to tho horses, Tom !’* “ I will,” said tho youth, laughing; “ it war no pnoner known that Cnp'.uin Ralph war utnong ua, thon it wan resolved to havo six Regulators in the rauga, all night! Tlmr'u some of thcao now colty {not to speak of our owu creators), aud wporially that bloodod brown beast-of the raptiiin’H, which the nigger culls flrown Briery, orsomn such name, would net a better mini than Roaring Ralph Stock* poln’fl mouth watering.” “And who,” paid llolund, 41 is Ronring Ralph Stockpolo ? nml wJmt lmn ho to do with Brown Briareuw ?” ” A propor fallow nstwrycu raw,*’ roplied Tom, approvingly—41 kilicd tivn Xiijunn once, piuglohanded, on Boer.r.r.^K, and has stolen moro horses from them Hum ar’ another man in Kentucky. A prime eioatur' ! »*nt ho ban hip fanU, poor fellow, and sometimes mistaken a Chri:itinn*H horso for an Injun h, thar’e tho truth of it!” 44 Au-I such Heonmlivb; you loakooffieors of P” domamb'd tho soldier. iiuiigruuHv. “ Oh,” said tho older Bruce “ thar’s no regular commi-sion to I he coho. Bui vrlmr tlmr's a knot of our p-or folk* out of Uor/m., and inclined to Kt"al « lot 'rum tho Shawneea (which is all fa’rpluitd. ring, you .*0", for thar’a notuhnrm emotur tVm, the th*y thev did uut Miaul from Kentucky), Uihv «vnd fd Roaring Ralph, and mako him their captain; fiutl a capita! ouo ho is, too, being alt fight: from top to bottom; and as for tho stealing I part, thuv’fl no one cun oquul him. But, as 1 Tom sny.<, ho hometimos tiOHHiimko mistakes; ] having stolen horses so oftou from tho Injuns! ho cilu scarce keop his hands oft* a Christian's, | Diul that makoH uh wratby." By this timo tho speakors had reached tho gate of tho fort, aud passed among tho cabins 1 outside, whoro thoy found a throng of tho villagers surrounding tho captain or horse* i thioves, and listening with groat oditlcation to, and doriving no littlo mnusomont from, his account of tho last achievement of tho Jib bonninosny. Of this, us it related no moro than tho young Bruce had already repaatod — tmtnoly, that whilo riding that morning from tho north sido, ho had stumbled upontlio corpso of au Indian, which boro all tho marks of having boon a lato victim to tho wnudoring demon of tho woods—wo shall say nothing; but the appearanco and conduot of tho narrator, ono of tho first, and perhaps tho parent, of the race of mon who lmvo mada Salt ltiver so ronownod in story, wore such as dcniaud a less summary notice. lie was stout, bandy-Ieggod, broad-shouldered, hull-headed, ugly, and had a villainous look; yot with au impudent, swag goring, joyous solf-ORteem traced in every featuvo, uuu expressed in evory action of body, that ratlier disposod t!io boboldor to laugh than to bo riisplensod at his appearanco. An old blauJcot or wrnp*rnscul, once white, but now of tho samo muddy brown huo that slainoil his vinage—and onco also of sufficient longth to dofend his legs, though tho skirts had long since been transferred to the culls and olbowN, whoro thoy appeared in hugo patches—covered the unpor part oi his body: while the lower boasted a pair of buckskin brcccho* and leather wrappers «nmnwlmt if* iutnor in ago, but its rival in mud and inocu lation. An old round fur hat, intended originally fora boy, and only modulo tit his bend by being split in sundry plucoa at tho bottom, thus leaving a dozen yawning gaps, through which, us through tho chinks of a luLUcn,Tituiu out as many Blip imncups of black hair, guvo to tho capital oxcrenceucc an uir us ridiculous as it wub truly uncouth ; which was not a littlo increased hy the ahsenco of mm side of tho brim, and by a loose fragment of it hang ing down on tho other. To givo something martial to au appearanco in other respects so outlandish and ludicrous, ho had his rifle, and other uouul equipments of a woodsman, in cluding tho kntfo and tho tomahawk ; tho first of which ho carried in his hand, swinging it about, at overy momont, with a vigour and apparont carolossness well fitted to disenmposo a nervous person, had any suchhappenodutnong his auditors. . As if thero was not enough in his figure, visage, and afctiro, to move tho mirth of boholdors, ho added to other attrac 1 turns a varioty of goBtureo and antics of tho most extravagant kinds, dancing, leaning, and dodging about, clapping his hands anu cracking hia heels together, with tho activity, restless ness, and, wc may add, the grace, of a jumping jaok. Such was tho worthy, or unworthy, son of Salt IUvor,a man wholly unknown to his history, though not to local and traditional fame, and much leas to tho thou inhabitants of Bruco’s Station, to whom ho related his news of tho Jibbeuninosay, with that emphasis and im portance of tono aud manner which ore most significantly expressed in tho phrnso of " laying down tho law.” As soon as he saw the commander of tho station approaching, hocloarod tho throng around him, by a skip and a hop, seized the colonel by the hand, and, doing tho Bame with tho soldier, before Roland conld ropel him, ns ho would havo done, “ Glad to see you, cunnolsamo to you, stranger—What's the nows from Vir* ginuie? Stranger, my name's Ralph Stack polo, and I'm a ring-tailod Bquoalor ! " " Then, Mr Ralph Stackpolo, tho ringtaitod squealer," said Rolaud, disengaging his hand, "boaogood os to pursue your business, without regarding or taking any notico of mo." "’Tarnal death to mo!" cried tho captaiu of horse thiovos, indiguant at tho robuff, "I’m a gentleman, and my name’s Fight! Foot und hand, tooth and nail, claw und mud-scraper, knifo, gun and tomahawk, or any other way you chooao to take, I'm your man ! Cock-a doodle-doo l" And, with that, tho gentleman jumpod into tho air, and Happed hia wings, as much to the astonishment of the provokorof his wrath, as of any other norsou present. " Como, Ralph," said tho comnmndorof the station, " whor'd* you steal that brown mar* tharV”—aquestion whose abruptness Boraowbat auollod the fermont of the man's fury, while it rew a roar of laughter from the lookere-on. "Thar it is! ** said ho, striking an attitude, and clappiug a hand on his breast, like a man who felt hiBhonor unjustly assailed. "Steal! I steal any horse but au Injun's t Whar's tho man dot's insinivato that? Blood and massa* cree ation! whar's the man ? " " H’yar,** said Bruce, very composedly. " I know the old mar* belongs to Peter Harper, on tho north side." "Your right, by Hooky!’* cried Roaring Ralph; at which admission of hia knavory the merriment of the spectators was greatly in* creased; nor was it much lessened when the fellow proceeded to avor that ha had borrowed it, und that with tho express stipulation that it should be loft at Bruce's station, subject to the ordorsof its owner. "Thar, cunnel," said ho, “ tha’s tho beast; take it; and just tell tho one you mean to lend me,—for I must bo off afore sunset.'* , "And whararoyou going?" asked Bruce, " To 9t. Asaph’s,•'—which was a station some 20 or 30 miles off,—replied Captaiu Stackpolo. "Too far for the Regulators to follow, Ralph," said Colonel Bruce; at which tho young mon present laughed loader than ever, and eyea tho visitor in a way that teemed both to dis concert and offend him. "Cunnel," said he, "you're a man in authority, and my superior officer: wharfo' thar' can bo no scalping botweeu us. But my namo's Tom Dowdlo, tho ragman!" he Bcrcamcd, suddenly skipping into the thickest of tho throng, and soundiug a note of defiance; "ray name's Tom Dowdlo, tho ragman, and 1'iu for any man that insults mo; long-log or leathcr-hreechee. groan-shirt or blauket- coat, laud-trotter or river-rollor—•I’m tho man for a nmssacrce!" Thou giving himsolf a twirl upon I hia foot, that would havo done credit to a daucing-mastcr, he proceeded to other antic demonstrations of hostility, which, when per formed in after yoars on tho banks of tho Lower Mississippi, by him and his worthy imitators, were, wo suspect, tho cause of tboir receiving tho irarno of tho mighty alligator. It is said, by naturalists, of this moustrous reptile, that he delights, when the returning warmth of spring has brought his follows from thoir holes, ana placed thorn basking along tho banks of a | swampy lagoon, to dart into tho centre of tho i oxpanso, and challenge the whole field to combat. IIo roars, ho blows the water from his nostrils, ho lnshos it with his tail, ho whirls round and round, churning tho water into foam, until having workod himsolf into a proper fury, ho darts back agaiu to tho shore to qgok an antagonist. Had the gallant captaiu of horee-thloves boasted tho blood, uh ho after wards did tho i.amo, of an "alligator half breed/" ho could scarcely havo conducted him solf in a way moro worthy of his parentage. IIo leaped into tho controof tho throug, where, having found olbow-room for his purposo, ho porforinod tho gyration mentioned before, fol lowing it up by other feats ospresaivo of his hostile humour, lie flapped hia wings and orowod till overy chanticleer in tho settlement replied to tho note of battlo ; ho snorted and nmghod like aliorao ; ho hollowed like a bull; ho barked like a dog ; ho yollod liko au Indian; ho whined liko ajmntlior; ho howled liko a wolf, until one would have thought ho was a living inoungerio, comprising within his siuglo body tho spirit of overy nuitiml noted for its love of conflict. Then, not content with such u display of readiness to fight tho field, ho darted from tho oonfro of the urea allowed him for his exarciso, and invited tho looknrs-on individually to battle. " Whar's vour buffulo bull," bo cried, "to cross horns with tho roarer of Satt River ? Whar’s your full-blood colt that can shako a saddle off? h’ynr’s au old nag cau kick offtlio top of a buck oyo! Whar’s your eat of tho Knobs ? your wolf of lira Rolling Pcnirhs? h’yar’s tho old brown Var can claw tho bark of a gum-treo ? H’yar’a a mim for you, Tom Bruce l Shntna fo you, Situ Roberts ! to you, Jimuiy Big-noso ! to you, nml to you, aud to yon ! Ar’n’t I a ring tailed squealer? Can go down Salt on my back, and swim up the Ohio ! Wlmt’s tho , man to fight Roaring Ralph Stackpolo ?" : (1*0 UK CONTINUKH.-) 