\- A TRAVELLING COStPAN: JN; CALEB BUCKLE, as he sab in bis mR. eminently respectable Club, was in a •erjr bad temper indeed. - - jf it waa certainly annoying, and eren a more patient temperament than Caleb's f "would havabeen ruffled to no slight extent ( by the circumstances. For fifteen years, as zfgularly as the procession of the seasons, Uhad he been accustomed to spend the suinmer months travelling from one pleasant ^Continental retreat to another, accompanied f by his friend, General Beaman, K. C. B., ; 'with whom his acquaintanceship dated from their Eton days, and with whom he was in • that condition of thorough sympathy and record which is the only sure tie between j travelling companions. This year everything had promised for a trip of unusual ' pleasantness, and for weeks Caleb had gloated over the prospect, only at the last moment >* to receive a check in the shape of a letter -from the General to say that the breaking ! out of an old wouhd'prevented his being able to stir for six months at least. Caleb's cup of disappointment and chagrin fairly brimmed over. What was he to do ? He would rather not travel alone, and it was now July, and the i season was too far advanced for him to look * for a "travelling companion.' Everyone he 'Tcnew had already either left London or was on the point of so doing. In another week town would be absolutely empty ; and as this ghastly certainty impressed itself on hie mind he happened to glance out of the window, and surveyed the broad street with the ^pavement apparently as crowded as in the *&«ght of the'Season. Perhaps others were in his own sad plight; maybe some of those very passers-by found themselves at the last moment bereft of valued travelling companions : doubtless—and an idea flashed across the tobacco-soothed brain of Mr. Buckle, the very originality of which caused him to gasp so that lie swallowed a mouthful of smoke and indulged in a fit of coughing winch completely spoiled the peaceful doze of the solitary waiter. Mr. Buckle's idea, however, was of too •tartling a nature to be acted upon at once ; nor, indeed, did he find himself abl& at once to consider it calmly and judiciously in all Its bearings. So he began to think of something else as hard as he could. In his case the "something else"'resolved itself into a consideration of a disquieting epistle that he bad received that morning. Caleb, though a bachelor, stood in the somewhat anoiudlous position ofguardian and trustee to his only niece, a pretty girl of eighteen, who had always lived with her mother's people. She was the daughter of Caleb's younger brother, a former Golonel in a Cavalry regiment, who had provided that his daughter should be debarred from enjoying the fairly substantial fortune he was able tq leave her should she marry before the age of twenty-one without her uncle's consent. It was a provision of •the will which bad never given Caleb the least uneasiness, but now here was his niece writing to-tell him th;it .she was engaged to be "married to a youug man of whom iTe had never heard, and that she counted upon receiving his consent as a matter of course. Now, Caleb was not only as selfish as men of his age and mode of life are apt to be, but he was also conscientious. He felt that he could not grant his consent without careful inquiry into the young man's antecedents and prospects, and this he knew would entail upon him a vast amount of bother and annoyancc in any case; and, possibly, should lie disapprove of the match, a vast deal more. Thus the " something else" was not pleasant subject to dwell upon, and so he returned to his "great idea," which the more he thought about it seemed the more attractive and plausible. It ended in his sehding a document by the hands of the Club Commissionaire to the office of The Times. Then he went home to the dull little house in St. James's; and next morning when his middle-aged man-servant brought him, as usual, The Times with his tea and toast, he found only one paragraph which was to him of the slightest degree of interest. This ran as follows: W ANTED. —A Gentleman aged), of refined tastes, to (middle- accompany _ the advertiser on a three months' Continental tour. Apply personally or by letter to C. B., 99A, Duchess-street, St. Jsmes'c, W. It was, the evening of the day on which Mr. Buckle's advertisement appeared, and • Lieutenant Charles Sotheran, a good-looking, curly-headed youngster, who was passing the night in town on his way to Aldershot in the morning, found himself the sole occnpant of the billiard-room of the Junior Tatters. At first he was not unfavourably impressed by his unwonted loneliness. He was full of high spirits, satisfied with the world and himself, and engaged to be married to a girl whom he. of course, regarded as the loveliest and most charming of her sex. So brimful was he of self-congratulation that lie must needs begin to drink his own health and as he had already had a bottle of "extra sec" with his dinner, the consequence of this amusement was that in a very short space of time the speeches he made to himself were somewhat thickly uttered and incoherently composed. He had the sense though to know that he had gone far enough, and in the final desperation of loneliness he picked up a morning paper from one of the lounges and vainlv tried to read. He was about to throw the paper down and seek metal more attractive elsewhere, when a paragraph caught his eye and It* I him to read it carefully over. "Tbat'sh funny!" lie murmured. "Seems to me 1 know the addresh, an' yet I don' know who lives there !" And he read it over once more. Then a gleam of amusement caused the ends of the fair moustache to trend in an upward direction, and Lieutenant Sotheran chuckled audibly. He chuckled as be drew out dainty little note-book, and among a few betting hieroglyphic? jotted carefully down an address which lie copied from the newspaper. He chuckled as he walked downstairs and indued himself with his overcoat and hat; and he continued chuckling as he directed the hall-porter to call a han •om, into which with much solemn deliberation be stepped, and still chuckled. The direction that, with a regular oxplosion of good-humoured chuckling?, Mr. Charles Sotheran gave the driver, led him no great distance from his starting point, for it was in one of the side ^streets leading fiom St. James's-street westward that the cab drew up at the door of a small house of staid respectability. That the windows were all dark and even the ghost of a glimmer wanting in the hall, so far as could be seen through the old-fashioned fanlight, was a matter of no concern apparently to the fare, who, with a like deliberation to that ' with | wlMCh be had entered, emerged from the cab, I and, supporting himself by the iron railings which guarded the porch on either side, began to hammer steadily and forcibly with the knocker at the dingy old door. He banged away on the defenceless door, playing popular airs, as though he were a performer in the regimental band ; till at last his efforts were of avail. A first-flooi window opened, and a very red face surmounted by a very white night-cap—for night-caps are still worn by elderly gentlemen in this year of grace 1892—was protruded therefrom. " Who are you, and what the something or other do you want V' growled the nightcapped one. " Atp you—" replied Lieutenant Sotheran, with a sweet smile, "or rather are your initials 1 C. B. ?'" " My iuitials are £ C. B.,' sir; but what the dickens is that to you ?" "Then in Heaven's name come down instantly! My busineis does not admit of delay." And so insistant was the visitor's ^ud svjudry sounds echoing through the empty house proclaimed the fact that the owner was making his hasty way downstairs. The door suddenly opeued, and Lieutenant Sotheran, who was leaning against it, lurched forward somewhat precipitately into the hall; but he recovered himself, and, leaning against the wall, gravely contem- : plated" the somewhat 'remarkable figure I presented by Mr. Caleb Buckle, who, candle in hand and attired in a garment of engaging brevity, stood glowering wrathfully at him. " So you are ' C. B. ?'" queried Charlie, sweetly. "Iam, sir; and now what is the urgent business ?" " And you inserted the advertisement for * travelling companion in to-day's Times ?" "I did, sir; but you must be aware that this is no time to " " And you want someone to travel with you, do you, * C. B. V " went on his questioner, as though he had not heard the interruption. "I do, sir; but I should never dream, after this outrageous intrusion " " Well, I hope you'll have a pleasant- trip 'C. B.' I thought I'd come round, late as it is, to tell .you——" " To tell ine -to tell ine what, sir ?" fairly snorted poor Buckle, who was shivering with the cold. " To tell you,"drawled the other, " to tell you that I can'I come ! " And in another instant he was in the cab dashing clown the street, while Caleb Buckle danced in impotent rage on the doorstep. " Ye?, it wasn't a bad joke for a dull Joliu- .tiie like me to play uif," said Mr. Charles Sotheran a year later to one of his fellowofficers. " But when I found out that the old duffer was my fiancee's uncle, and when he recoguised me aud refused his consent to our marriage; and when I think that we have to wait two years before we can inarry, why, I don't think it quite so rousingly funny as I did, don't you know!"—Vanity Fair. A NOVEL HEDGE. A GENTLEMAX on a walking tour through Shropshire in the autumn of 1890 gives the following account of a peculiar hedge or fcnce which he came across :— Strolling through the Carding Mill Valley, near Church Stretton, at the upper part of the valley, I found that a large piece of laud has been reclaimed from the waste, and is cultivated as a vegetable market garden. To protect the produce from the inroads of the mountain sheep, this plot of land has a fence around it of such peculiar construction that it may be called unique. The south-end corner is composed of two enormous tins such as one sees gingerbread in at country fairs, very battered and full of holes. Each tin is about six feet in length and three feet in circumference. These are flanked right and left by an incredible number of zinc buckets in every stage of dilapidation. Some have handles and bodies and no bottom, others havo the barrel merely, while in some only the handle or bottom is left. There are zinc buckets enough to load a wajrgon. Further along the garden au old-fashioned plough forms part of the fence. This is adorned with fragments of old iron hooping, tea-trays, uieat-covcrs, old coffee-pots, and preserved meat tins, aided by more buckets. The upper part, of this wondrous hedge derives its defence from slicks, gorse, tarpaulin, paits of a chair, a dripping-pan, and bits of cheese-boxes. String is largely used, from the parti-coloured twine used to tie up sugar to a piece of rope suitable for a ship's cable. Where string runs short bits of clot hing torn into strips are utilised, aud over all aro the zinc buckets and meat tins. Part «f this medley fcnce is held up in places by broken rabbit wires, called in to aid the string. Another immense gingerbread tin is on the west side, propped up with gorse, and bound with withies. The ubiquitous zinc buckets form the first line of defence, the advanced redoubt of this truly marvellous protection." HE FAILED TO " CATCH ON." AN amusing incident occurred in a Newark music store the other day. A new and very pretty ballad is entitled "Kiss Me." A very pretty girl ha ving heard of the song, and thinking she would get it with some others, stepped into a music si ore to make a purchase. One of the clerks, a modest young man, stepped up to wait on her. The young lady threw her veil back saying : " I want * Rock Me to Sleep.' " The clerk got the song and put it before her. " Now," said the young lady, "I want • Wandering Refugee.'' " Now, ' Kiss Me,'" said the young lady, meaning, of course, the song above mentioned. The poor clerk's eyes almost popped fire as he looked at the youns: lady in astonish mcnt, for he was not aware of the fact that a song by that name had been written. " Wh-hatdid you say, miss :" " ' Kiss Me,' " said she. " I can't do it, miss ; I never kissed young lady in my life," said the clerk. About that time a veil dropped, a young lady left in a hurry, the clerk felt sick, and the proprietor lost the sale of some music. HE COULDN'T GET HER CUSTOM. " IT'S funny," said the young man who had just opened a grocery store in the neighbourhood, " that I can't get that woman's custom. I've gone out of my way to be pleasant to her, and she won't even look in here any more." " Wasn't 6he ever in here ?" asked the customer. "Once," replied the young man, "and treated her the best I knew how. Sire had her little boy with her, and he was tickled to death with the little white mouse I have inthecage on the front counter." " And she ?" " Oh, she liked it, too. She said it was a pretty little thing, and seemed to enjoy his pleasure in watching its antics. So I just thought I'd clinch matters, and 1 took it out of the cage and put it on the "floor. It's tame, you know. And the boy was perfectly delighted." " And the mother ?' " She said it was one of the cutest things she ever saw, but she sat right down on a stool and pulled her dress close about the ankles, and pretty soon she had got hold of the boy, and backed out of the door with him. She said she was ever so much obliged to me, but she looked sorb .of pale, and hasn't beeu in here since. Funny, isn't it. when I tried to be so nice to her THE MAN WOMEN ADMIRE. WE admire the man who believes .we know more about housekeeping than he does. We admire the man who will be kind to girl's grandmother when the girl is not at home. We ti o admire (iuiij11mail the man who n in. asks aMvO our UlU advice aUHU; sometimes and abides bv what iu tuition teaches us. We admire the man who lias the tact to admire a woman's dainty neckwear as well as a new gown. We admire a man who floe's not spend all his money on tobacco and wine, but saves some for candy and flowers. We admire a man who has plenty of muscle and has yet sufficient tenderness to nurse a woman's headache. We admire a man who talk* sensibly to us, and who thinks we appreciate something more than mere flattery. In fact, we admire a man who is manly, mentally and physically, who is generous and kind, who reverences women in general and one in particular. COKSOTIATORY. If you'te not pretty when yoti'jje young, This consolation hold: That in some fifty years or so You will fce pretty old. A knotty problem—the bighssfc s r*m 