THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a mil lion dollars (L200, 000) is a deal of money, bat he was not able to buy the article oven at that Dnce. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Dar- loy Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, be ing a gardener, but ho was ready enough" to give nil heliad for one thing he hadn't got. Hero is his story, and he shall tell it in his. own ; way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say ; " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through : sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, 1 had dreadtul pain af-er eating, a bad taste in my mouth, whioh would fill with" water and slimo, the latter so thiok and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. , My chest used to . ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. X vomited a Draifc dual, nhioflv a vollnwuti green phlegm. - I had a racking cough, and would strain sill l bled at the nose, aud tho blood-rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted, and short of breath aud had to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. - "I then went as out-patient to the .Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for six months wub very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking abont, and my friends said it was all up with me. For ; eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infiimary, . Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in tne hospital were fail, and I Baw my club doctor anj-a'so two dootors at Derby. The first one said, You are in a galloping consumption, and mnst die ; the other dootors after sounding my lungs and: chest, ' said nothing, but Bhook their heads.' ; . " Getting a' trifle better my old master aiiowed me to do ' what little ' I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm sometimes as much as ' a teacupful a' once, and was af; aid to go to sleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and niy eyes were blood shot. My lips and month were dry and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like apiece of brown leather, audi could keep nothing down. Host over a stone weight in three weeks,. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and Bitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real reBt. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bene, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. . ' ' " The doctor kept on attending me, but, he said, 'Lean do you' no good ; 1 can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. - 1 then gave over taking bis medioine and cried everything I. could hear of; r One .thing was a cough cure from London that oost 22s a bottle. But nuthing did any good, and my friends who came to see meBaid, " Well, you- won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for. another world.' " About the mid lie of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph lathani, who works in too paper mills at Darley; Abbey, said tome, ' Tom,' did you ever try Mother Beigel's t-yrup ?' and told mo how he had been cured alter bemg in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores in Victoria-street. ' After the first dose I had an evacnation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food. kept down, and in a few days more I was able to' go out for a short wa.k. By the end of a fortnight T went to see my mastor, who usked what hau wi ought tbo improvement, and i told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced . work at once, and have never lost a day's work Bince, \- "Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months 1 was strong as ever in my lifo and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to liim or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with : all the facts.alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at "Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent re- ! putation. .... blow, what was the complaint. from which he: Buffered 1 Not galloping consumption, certainly , (as one of the dootors "thought), or he would have! galloped inu> his grave in less than three months, instead, of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chrome inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronio gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like consumption, for whioh it is so often ignor j untly mistaken aud wrongly treated. When the' right remedy, Mother Seigel'd Syrup, was used the, disease yielded, as all diseases of the ' digestive tract' do yield to that magnificent preparation., \Vo heartily congratulate Mr Gaskin on his re covery, and commend the facts of Mb case to all thinking people. : 