IN AND ABOUT THE CITY. (From our own Correspondent). Adelaide. May IS. 16 was my pood fortune last week to receive an invitation to attend a meeting of the Spiritualistic Society in Adelaide, and to listen to a very interesting LECTURE ON "SPOOKS." The lecturer was a man who is well-known in business circles in tho city, and he explained in the outset that when he used the word "spooks " he meant members of the unseen or spirit world who belonged to an order of beings t^at must be classed as gUB-HUMAN, not nearly apptoaohirig' to tjje goodness of average humanity, and delignting to work mischief. It appears that it is tbe " spook " tribe of spirits that contrive to make the seances of spiritists the reverse of profitable, and who play the fantastic tricks with tables, chairs, and devout believers which hare well nigh made SPIRITUALISM A BT-WORD, and caused "the enemy to blaspheme." The lecturer gave a very brief reaum^ of his ex periences as an earnest enquirer into psychical phenomena and spiritual manifestations for a number of years, and the conclusion that he had arrived at now was that the majority of THE SPIRITS ARE LIARS ! All the same there are things not yet under stood, and often occurring, which forbid absolute scepticism. Among his many ex periences was one of some local interest relating to . A HAUNTED HOUSE at Mitcham, the outlines of his narration being to the following effectA house erected some thirty yearB or more had of late acquired the reputation of being haunted. Noises had been heard whioh over and over again frightened away nervous tenants, until at length no one would rent the place on any terras, This faot became known to the members of a spiritualise tio circle in Adelaide, who resolved upon an investigation. They met late in the afternoon of a certain Saturday to the number of more than half a dozen, husbands and wives being present, and took possession of a room in the house, in which the noises had been most frequently heard. Some impromptu seats were formed of planks and bricks, and THE DEVOTED BAND sat Bilent, hands clasping hands round the circle. Utter darkness succeeded the dusk, and still no manifestations. Just as the dis appointed visitors were about to abandon their task a loud knocking was heard from beneath on the floor in the very centre of the circle, and the spirit demanded that they should sit on the floor, as before the invention pf chairs 1 Conversation by the usual slow method wai opened, and a spirit made known Us presence. 'It was that of a man who had been FOULLY MURDERED in that house by a former resident, and in ft few minutes after this faot had been ascer tained one of the ladies of the party happened to raise her eyes from the grqund. With a loud shriek she cried out, "There he is; don't you see him ?" Being a spiritualist she speedily regained her courage without invocation to saint or d--11 Then she said, " I see a man standing just behind Mr. -- (a member of [ tbe circle), and he is dressed like a sailor. . . , , His head has bepp .smashed in, and blood is streaming down his face. " Now he has glided into tne passage, and looks as though he wanted us to follow him." This created a mighty impression upon the circle, and they renewed their diligent attention to the knookings on the floor. They piade out that the ghost who wanted to communicate was hindered by the ghost of his murderer; but they clearly understood that another visit would be acceptable. ... As a conse quence another seance was arranged, and after Miat several others, the sum of the communica tions received being, that the murder was com mitted in the north room in the basement, and that the yetjriains were buried two feet beneath j the floor. Things joojild pcjfc remain in that condition whilst there wag" A QUESTION .OP MURDER (n issue, and so, armed with proper weapons, a " digging bee " wac organised, and the search for rea&iBg; wes wage ss tbercugli 0? jiossftfo Alas ! not one solitary bone could be dis covered ; and so the lecturer and his friends re tired from the scene defeated in their legiti mate aims, and disgusted with THE INSINCERITY OF " SPOOKS !" There is no later infoimation from the scene of this frolic One of the proofs of the absoluteness of the REIGN OF PUBB DEMOCRACY in this happy colony was brought under my notice the other day in a district not very dis tant from the city, As a proof it is a triumph, as a fact it in pitiful. It is this : a gentleman who was an aspirant fur a seat in Parliament at the last general election ia now devoting the whole of his energies to the humble but useful employment of CRAOKING ROAD METAL. The poor fellow complains that lack of accus tomedneas makes the task hard, his hands blister, and his reward small. He cannot earn more than 33. a day for the support of himself and his family, Ah, the contrast be tween success and failure. Still there is thiB bright aide to the case: a man nearly a mem ber of Parliament, and yet anxious to earn an honest living I . . . . . How many legis lators are there, pray (of oourse, I am not now referring to thiB province), whose merits would be equal to cracking road metal, under ade quate supervision, if virtue met its full rewards .... A curious SPECULATIVE PROBLEM was the other day debated at a city ordinary, na,mely, how far the reports of Deeming's criminality and the morbid narrations of his enormities were acting prejudicially on viciously disposed minds» The point was emphasised by the publication of a case re ported in the Advertiser of 12th inst., where a man had been so impressed by reading all about that criminal that ne was seized with an over whelming TEMPTATION' TO MURDER his wife and children. If there is any (ruth in the allegation of the potency of hypnotic sug gestion, not less surely, at all events, is there ground for supposing that criminal records in the Police Gazette and the average popular newspaper are inevitable educators of those whose minds tend instinctively towards deprav ity. Some day or other, perchance, our legislators may think it worth while to turn their attention to this matter. .... The seasonable rains are giving a better tone to business of all kinds; but to date of these notes the North is still suffering from the pro longed drought By the way, the PARLIAMENTARY PARTY bound on a railway trip to Oodnadatta make a start this morning, and if I know anything about the trip (and I think I can fairly claim to do so), I can say there is nothing enviable about it. How much benefit will be derived by the country from this mild experiment of educating our legislators I am not in a position to say ; there is plenty of room for hope, but very little for expectation 1 .... It is rumored that some prominent patriotic citizens were desirous of making the journey, but would not under take it unless the Government paid their ex penses from the public treasure-chest 1 Long live patriotism-but not of that type I , . , ... By great good fortune my clairvoyant reporter has become once more available, and furnishes me with the following fragmentary report of another , CABINET MEETING. Location-Chief Secretary's Sanctum; pre sent-all the Ministers; the Under Secretary in an extremely nervous con dition outside. Playford-I think, Kingston, for the look of things you shuddn't have usurped the Premier ship whilst t was away and when I came back too ; you'll please remember I claim it as my right before the world, and don't forget it. Kingston - Hoity-toity, Tom; what's the matter with you this morning. Don'tcher know you'd make a pretty picture of a Premier if you were left to youraelf, with your clumsy diplomacy and bad memory I Why, only look at the mess you made at Brisbane the other day, talking about those kanakas and the intro duction of Tamil communities into the Northern Territory, to settle all that country. A pretty kettle of fish you made of it, didn't you now ? Why the Labor Party that I've been nursing and coddling for three or four years past were all up in arms, and Hamburg-1 should'nt wonder, Mr. Premier, if it cost you your seat for East Torrens next election. The Labor Party are strong there, and they'll resent Playford-I don't care a rotten tomato for all that East Torrens may Copley-IB it wise to prolong this discussion ? Of course, the Premier has a right to hold con victions Kingston-Yes, if he has any; but BounseveU-This is altogether irregular, and I think we should go on to business Kingston-Well done, Little Benny; yeB, we'll go on to business, but not until I've had my say, and the " Premier " knows that well enough. I say that he did his best to wreck us as a Ministry, and his blundering attempt to mend matters by contradiction only made things wdrse, However, I instantly sent out to put the site for the Conciliation Hall in discussion BO that the Labor Party might have a bone to gnaw at to distract their attention, and I've other sops in view for 'em, brave boys ! But [Here the clairvoyant woke up dizzy.] 