' THE PONY WAB DANCE. AN INDIAN DRAMA ON THE PLAINS— WILD RIDING AND SPIRITED ACTING. (jtruAS niT.mr, is ' ji.\7?rEu's.") The suu blazed down on the great camp that afternoon aud glorified the place so that it looked likoa miniature Switzerland of snowy peaks. But it was hot, aud blankets were stretched from tue tent tops, and tho womeu 6at under tbera to catch the air and escape (he beat. The solaned natiro policemauof the reserve, wcar- iug a white stovopipo hat with feathers, and n ridiculous blue coat, and heaven knows what other abiurdities, rode around, boasting of dcods he never performed, while a white cur made him all tho more ridiculous by chasing him and yelping at his horse's tail. And thin caine the grand spectaclo. The vast plain was forgotten, and the great campus withiu the circle of tents was transformed into a theatre. The scone was a sotting of white «nda rod tents that threw their clear-cut outlines against a matchloss blue sky. The audience was composed of four white men and tho Indian boys, who were flung about by the startled horses they were holding for us. The players were the gorgeous cavalrymen of nature, circling before their women and old men and children, themselves plumed liko unheard of tropical birds, tho others displaying the minor splen dour of the kaleidoscope. Tho play was 44 The l'ony War Danes, or tho Departure for Battle." The acting w.is fierce— not like the conduct ol a mimic batUo on our stage, but isrfonned with the desperate zcrt of men who lopo for distinction iu war and may not triflo about it. It had tho oaruestucsG of a chal lenged man who tries tbo foils with a tutor. It was impreesive, inspiring, at times wildly exciting. There were throe-score young men in the brilliant covalcode. They rode horses that were as wild as themselves, Their evolutions were rude, but magnificent. Now they dash past ns in single file, and next they como belter skelter, like cattle stampeding. For a while they rode around aud arrund, as on a race course, but at times they deserted the inclosure, parted Into small bands, aud were hidden be hind the cartaius of thoir own dust, presently to re-appear with a mad rush, yelling l-'ke maniacs, firing their pieces, aud brandishing their arms and their fiuery wildly on high. The orchestra was composed of seven tom toms that had heon dried taut before a camp firo. The old men aud the chiefs cat in a semi- circle behind the drummers ou tho ground. All the tribal heirlooms were in the display, the cherished gewgaws, trinkets, arms, apparel and finery they had saved from tho fate of wJticb they will not admit they arc themselres the v;ctims. I never saw on old -tiiuo picture of a typo of savage rod man or of an oxtrava- gmce of their costuming that was not revived in this spectacle. It was as if the plates in my old schcol hooks aad novels and tales of adveu- tara were all animated and passing before me. The traditional Indian with the eagle plumes from crown to heels was there ; so was he wiih the buffalo horns growing out of his skull; so were the idvllic braves in yellow buckskin fringed at every point. The shining bodies of men, hare, naked, and frescoed like a Bowery barroom were not lacking ; neither were those who wore masses of splendid embroidery ; with coloured beads. But there were as many -peculiar costumes which I never had seen 'pictured. And not any two men or any two horses were alike, As barber- poles are covered with paint, eo were many of these choice steeds of the nation. Some were spotted aU over with daubs of white, and some with every colour obtainable. SnmA were branded 50 times with the white hand, toe symbol of peace, bat others bore the red hand and the white hand in alternate prints. There were horses painted with the figures of horses and of serpents and of foxes. To some saddles were affixed coloured blankets or cloths that fell upon the ground or lashed the air according as the horse cantered or raced. One horse was hung aU around with great soft woolly taili of some white materia I. Sleigh- bells were upon several. Only half a dozen men wore hats— mainly cowbov hats decked with featheri Many carried rifles, which they used with one hand. Others brought out bows and arrows, lances decked with feathers or ribbons, poles hung with coloured clothe, great shields brilliantly painted and fringed. Every visible inch of each warrior wat painted, the naked onea being nnged, etreaked and striped from head to foot. I would have to catalogue the possessions of the whole nation to tell all that they wore between the brass rings in their hair and the cartridge bolts at their waists, aud thus down to thoir beautiful moccasins. Two strange features further distinguished their pageant. One was the appearance of two negro minstrels upon ono horse Botb had blackened their faces and hands, boih wore old stovepipe hate and uueer long- tailed white men's coats. One wore a huge, false, white moustache, and the other earned a coal-scuttle. The women and children xvareu wuii laugmcr at ifte sight. The two comedians got down from their horses and began to make grimaces, and to poeo this way and thot very comically. .Such a pcrformanw had never been seen on Ihe reservo before JJo ere there conld eiplab where tho men had seen negro minatrcle. The other unex pected feature required time for develop. J?6?'- . ,4l frst we noticed that two Jitflo Indian boys kept petting in the way of the riders. As we were not able to find auy fixed place of safety from the e.vcifed horsemen, wo marveled that these children were permitted to risk their necke. Suddenly a hideously painted, Dakcd man on horseback chased ihe little boys, leaving tho cavalcado and circliun around the children. He rode back into the ranks, and still they loitered in tho way. Then around swept the horseman once more, nnd this tune the naked rider flung himself from his horse, and seizing one boy and then the other, bore each to tho ground and made as if he would brain them with his hatchet and lift their scalp with his knife. The sight was one to paralyse an onlooker. But it was only a theatrical performance arranged for tbo occasion. Tho man was acting ovrr again tbe proudest of his achievements The Cava played the parte of two white men whose scalps now grace his tepee and gladden his memory. lor 90 minutes wc watched the glorious riding, the splendid horfes, the brilliant trap, piogs, ana tbe paroxysmal fervour of the ex cited Indian?. The earth trembled beneath the dashing of the riders; the air palni- tatad with the noise of their war cries ana belle. TAo could have stood the day out but we knew the players were tired, and yet would not cease until we withdrew. Therefore we rarae sway. We hail enjoyed a r.erer-to-be-forgotten privilege. It was »s if we had seen the ghosts of a dead peoplo ride back to parody scenes iu an era that had vanished. It was like the rising of the curtain, in response to an encore upon a drama that has been played. It wasas if the sudden up-flashing of & smouldering firo lighted, once again nnd for an instant, the scene it had ceased to illumine. 