-|P]PpTri3M) 'SPIRIT.' VJ07»mnn,t.\ .,.-,;.._ Bt -INA LEON OASSILIS. Author of ' Back from the Dead,' ' Full Fifty ? - Miles Away,' &c.; It hail grown bo dark in the little waiting-room that the travellers could hardly make out more than the dim outlines of each other's forms. Now and then a gleam from the wood lire would reveal the handsome face of the Englishman bent ten . derlv over the golden head of the girl that lay on his breast ; and perhaps he would draw closer around her the fur mantle that had slipped a little, or he thought it had ; for it seemed as if he could not take too much care of her, aud cer tainly she looked very fragile, and was very lovely also, and clung to him, as if her whole life depended on him. Inde«d, she would not be parted from him, otlierwi.se she might have had a couch to sleep on. Kor when the train ran into a snowdrift just above this little village of Marlun, there was only accom modation for nine out of the twelve passengers, acid of course the men gave way to the women. There were three of the latter. This young lady might have slept on a couch at the inn ; but she would not, she preferred to sit up all nigit in the little waiting-room with her lovei' aud M. Cremard, the- jovial advocate, who made merry over the accident, and Lieutenant Mascot, the naval oflicer. So another traveller had tho couch, and Mademoiselle, with the golden hair; was happier wrapped in the fur cloak and folrfet in her lover's arms. No doubt sometimes -?? in the darkness he kissed her soft lips bo near'his own. Why not? . . ... ' Still snowing, snowing ! ' said the advocate, stooping to put a fresh log on the fire; ' and Low the wind moans round this place ! I would it were any night in the year but Christmas Eve !' ' It is not the night one would choose,' said the Englishman, Gerald Vereker, 'hut the snow king takes no account of fasts or festivals.' These three had travelled in the same carriage and had made friends on the journey, and now that they were, in a manner, imprisoned together, they felt aa if they had known euch , . other for months. ? ' It's a night for ghosts to be abroad,' said the lieutenant, ' if there were such things.' ' You don't believe in them 1 ' asked Vereker, quietly., /^-%' Parblcu!— who does ?— in these days.' ??'.'-??:?'? -A -good many people, interposed M. Cr6mard. ' But the mischief is, one never hears a credible story.- You read them by the hundred ; but did yi-n ever, mett a man you could .rely' on who had ? ever seen a ghost '!' ' ?' ' ''?'?? ?'?-??' ;.'.? ' I have,' said Yereker j i'.J at, least, I c.ould not calldt a ??'ghost,'— (of'couree 'the word Vereker, ; . w''f- was speaking;French, used was revenant)— r;but';it was , an appearance that could not bo '?accpuntedfor.by any process of reasoning.' ' 'You stir.: my curiosity,' said M. Ciemard^ bending forward: ' l)o you speak of an 'uppear ancp 'that came' within your own experience ? ' '?'?? I '-For ia moment iVei(ker hesitated :; his. hnnd 'closed more tightly over the hand of the nii-1 ': h'n bent, his head to hear her: whisper, ' Tell them, Gerald.'. ' ? ' ' ' 'In a manner, yes!' he answered. ,'I will tell you the story, if you wish,' as it '.; c'iinie to.me, aud'if you do not believe 'my witness, a for .Tumi; after all, a stranger to you^ you inay /allow that' : thereis some ground-work of possibility in the Btory to shew that such things might occur.' ,'. 'Monsieur,.' said the advocate, 'lam no rationalist. It is not so much possibilities that I question, but the evidence we are, in most cases, asked to accept. I am more than enrions. :;.- 1'; aui deeply interested to hear vouv story.and sp,I am Hiire, is our friend here. The moat sceptical' love the supernatural.' . ??.??;. ? ?? 1 'Indeed M. Mascot had already glanced twice over his shoulder. lie laughed a little now, -gnod- naturedly, and owned that he liked , a i '.'ghost etory,' though he did not believe in' MM; lea revenants.' .-.???? ,...-? '' Two years ago,' Vereker said, his eyes fixed dreamily on the dull wood embers, 'the man of whom I spoke, Grahame, was travelling through : France on a walking tour. He was young and well off, and strong in health and nerve ; not at all the sort of man to bo the prey of fancies or hallucinations. All the currents of his inner life ran strong and deep, but there was no morbid ness. ' ' At Mar-le-bois, a small town in Auvergne — you may chance to know it, messieurs— -Grohamo jueu hv me jiotei a iMGiien lamny, who were also . travelling for pleasure, and making a short stay in the town to explore the country roundabout.' There were a father and I motlier and two daught^'s— the eldest Louise,' the : youngest Metallic. Melanie was very beautiful, and liad the even greater attraction of charm. For Giahame it was very much like loveat firstsight. ? He had the good luck to render the travellers aiune service in one of their; excursions,' and ' thus strengthened .'.. an ' acquaintance begun in the ordinary way at the table d'hdte. He was asked to their salon, joined them in their walks, and- found .them very agreeable people. ?: That:. thfire'.was any ; danger ': for him, or for ?:? Melanie iri' this friendship did not seem to occur to them, until 1 a chance revealed the truth, and then M. le pfere and Mine,- la mere took Grahame to task, gravely, -but not unkindly. Melanie, they said, had been from childhood pledged to her ciius-in. She was, therefore, not free ; they must' b?g;M. Grahame: to withdraw himself, and not seek t'o^alienate the afl'ectiohs of Mademoiselle. But Grahafne;;:with;.hi8 English' notions, did not quite aeijniescein this mode;of disposiilgof a woman ; he; had reason tt- think, too,' that Mdlle. Melunie cared;.-a good ; deal ;more for.: him than for M. ^iyictoiy and he was far too much in love to yield ?the point. In fact, h« had staked hiswhole' life ohthiB'pasHion for. M61anie ; there are men who love in such manner. So he answered that he could not yield up Melanie, unless it were by her own unlettered wish. .-.Mademoiselle, he; was told, would' not be allowed ; to see him;, but Gruhaine was not so easily balfltd. He contrived to sea Melanie alone, and she confessed that her heart, belonged to her English: loyer,,and. that she would; not marry Victor, her cousin. Love in her was stronger than custom and training ; for love's sake .'she -would be brave and true: ; ''?' ??''? - ??????? ' Once more Grahame sought her parents, told them how matters stood, and asked their consent to his marriage with Melanie. He refused, point blank, to give her up. Then, seeing , his deter mination'; aud ??fearing, perhaps, some desperate movfyon his part— ces,: Anglais !' you'- never feel sure 'what -they.' will do !— thev besrari to temnofise. Melanie,' they said, was too young to marry Vshe was far from strong— this last was true— and they cpuld.npt consent , to any formal engagement at present.' ; 'Grahame 'must' cbn'seiit' to at least a year's separation from Melanie; if at the end of ihat time slie still loved him, her happiness should outweigh her parents' dearest wishes. Love that coiild not stand this test had no wear in it. : ' This-was fair enough, and Griihnme'fcouid not well-help assenting to it ; for in thiBcountiy one ,can!t so easily run of)' with a young lady.' Her marriage would not be legal .- without her guar dian's consent. He might see Mdlle. Melanieoiice more alone ; perhaps the good people knew that he would manage to do this anyhow.. \ ' - ' Melanie clung to lior lover's heart in bitter grief, but nothing, she said, should, shake' her fiutb.in him.,,, H'nppen what, might/she would bo truOjJtp ''?him.',' ?'?They, hinVtnot correspond; and this would make the.year of probation very hard t' bear; worse even for Gralinme. than for Melnnie, for he well knew that her triends would1 do their best to inlluence the girl their own way, ami sho was very young to be brought under such pressure, with no one present to help her. Would she;he.able to-stand alone !- v ..- .;?'? ?:=' : ,;.'I shall.always be with you,' slie said , as her lover held bet to his heart. ' Whatever you may hear .fbdioye no'thiii'— nothing, but that I am true to you.: And so they parted. ,'? ; l ' ,:?',' G rahiuhe, having little heart for further travel; -returned to hnglnnd and 'tricd;to occupy hinisiilf'lu iionie literary work uponiw!iic)j lie' was engaged, but he got ob very slowly. ' A li 'absorb ing pasMui: unhtv the niind for wort;, and Graha:nt- was not obliged tc labour, h« had ample meiina. to live walioui it: ; 5 -' - ,' ... V Hi^niotli'er wan ili.«'i-i-p6inted .when she heiird. his story.'-, She^h'ad set her, heart on liisji'iariying h young relative ol Ih.t own— a girl, fur whom Graham* ImU some ulfcetiim, l-nt woulu never have cared tor an a lover, lie' wacpony to grieve bin mother, whom ho hived davo'uily, but tlio die wonCHMt. ; Ifor.hitj) there -wiis.i-nl,\/Mcli\nie. ti-» ?ix montl.ti pash'ed, '.?iinl Jtlii-iK ?'»:?, li-tiyr'catiii! to (iriihame.' ' It uan -I.-.umI tii.ut » 'viiiajji- in llrein^nc, a:i/l ?*»» tin;n Mol*nit'i- motliei '1'bu till bsyi dicu ir»v duv» U:iuio tli«, -ibw oj Uiu 'fetter. She had beuri,' failing foi *ome timn (liirthame knew sho was not strong), but nothing serious was anticipated, and she was brought to this place for her health. Here sho'.ono day went out with her sister Louise. They missed their way, and were overtaken by darkness. JJeing frightened, they hurried home, and MiMairie, when she came in, fainted dead away, ami she died tho same night without over recovering con sciousness. ° ' Giuhame was at firet simply stunned by this terrible news. Ho had no reason to doubt its truth, am' yet he could not believe it, and ho clung dwperately to tho wild hope of there being boiiio deception. In any case ho must, of course, see Me'anio'a parents, hear nil that there was to hear, and son her grave. II« crossed at once and tiaveljed, without resting for an hour, down to the village. The parents and sister Louise were still there. They wero dressed 'in/ deep mourning, and were overwhelmed with grief; but they received Cralmme kindly nnd did not hide from him the fact that Melanie had never swerved in her allegiance to him. Madame pave him many.; details ..about the l.-t-st days of her life, and bestowed upon him a (jnicilix she used to v:enr. v Sho wns, of course, buiiud. Loiiine, weeping biUer!y,took,himto her newly -made, grave, mid- left him'.there alone with hi3 dead. ;: The sexton h-|ipeiii:d to paes: while he stood by t\w grnve,' and Gmlianie a-ked the man if he knew .who was buried Iln-re. Surely, he replio.l, it was a 'yimng V'irl, Mdlle. Mchune ? -, he i:ouhl not reincinKur the sur imme. 'J'hat whs nod wtiuuyer Mulunio's- sur name, was not one to dwell readily in the memory of an iliitenila .peasant.'- ' ? / ?? , v 'As.for GriihaiiiL-, ht- left his own life- in that : grive. Do you smile, JI,.n.--.ienis? it think imr,; though I cannot see ynin- . 'fuces.;'-1 .Frenchmen, would -understand sitch a Iovujis his. For months ho wandered from ulaoe to place, restless, hoait bi-pken ;';but all places were alike.:' At'longth he' returhed5tp .England. '? , v ' By and by hia mother urged him to try and rouse himself— not ,to foig^t' the past, but to make a peaceful if not a happy future. At 'first he shrank in horror from the prospect indicati'd; for his mother hoped still to see the fulfilment of her wish. Then came the thought that he waa perhaps selfish. If his life whs valueless to him, why not at least devote it to one who had. never \ spared herself for his sake? ' --. . .' 'Give me time.mother,'. ho said to her one. night before they separated,.1' Iwili trv to please : you if I can ; but I muat'hivve'1 time to' think.' 'They had been sitting jby the fire— it was late November— and on a small table in the centre of the,, room' ':. stood, k isliii'Jyd; lamp. Grahame, after opening the door for hi.-i . mother to pass put, closed it ii.f:ain, and./retuniin^ to the hearth, sat; ilown.striving to bring his mind-.to the point of sealing his fate. What mattered it whut became: of hiiiiiiovv?; His cou.siri, his 'miitliei told ; him, was fond of him ; well, if she were satisfied with ^kindness and duty— ho c6ulil;give- her no ? more— why not end tiie struggle, arid make his' motlier happy? ... 'He was so seated that the lamp was visible to fcim, though he was not looking at it. He rais'ed ; h.'s head suddenly with a violeni; start. He was ? conscious of something having llnslied between him and the lamp, obscuring the' hjrht 'for a second^ just aswould'have happened' if a person' had passed him'; at the sameiustaiit there was a faint rustle, like the frou-frou, of a woman's garment. ? ' ? : 'Tint, though he trembled and prey white, Iu3 thought should leap at, once to Melanie waa ; only nat.'iral. When was' she ever absent from his heart? But after a minute or two he rallied a hit, and pulled himself together ; though a riot unimaginative; man, as I told you, ho was not superstitions. His nerves, he told himself, were not what they used to be; he was in an excited state tp-nighi ; it was easy to fancy anything j and th'p.re wan clearly no one in the' room but aimsclf: .- :;| -. /?;;'.?. ; -. ;? ,, . ; : ?; j1 Was there not ? ' Even as he assured lumscif ' that he was aloi;e, he had aninipiession, amount ing to1 conviction, that he was alone no lon«er. And yet it --as not fear that he , felt, but a , tremulous awe, a wonderful sense of being in the presence of his lost love, ' Mulanie. Note 'that he was not dreaming, or in any. state of uncon-, Bciousness. He had a curiously distinct know ledge of the commonplace surroundings of every day life— the table, fche lamp, the open book'' lying on a chair near '?', in the background the bookcase and a cabinet -vith an blu- fasliioned jug standing on it. And into this, room some thing or someone had conie, and was with him now.-- ? ? ? ? : I-.--- '?:??? : ;? ? ? ; ' He did not say her 'name aloud, but he spoke it in his heart— to her, as to a living being,, and his hand stole to her crucifix that healways wore, on his breast. , Oh ! if he could see her— only see her! , , .. ' , ? .-? ? 'Why could he.not see Iiw when, he, knew ; where she. stood-^j'onder, in th's shadows— stand- mg q'iiite still, with sweet,' wis-tful eyes seeking his, and clasped hands outstretcoe.d towards him. For what should she plead to him? Was it not for him to ask her sinless prayers? What could he dofor her now ? Would not she, freed from the storm and stress of earthly, passion, know that he did' well to make his life a sacrifice, sinco sacrifice was all that he could ofl'er ? ''By and by the sense of this unseen presence passed away. ,, Grahame: was alone again ; but he wajs. shaken, bewildered. His thoughts! refused to dwell on anything hut Melanie : it was as if the months had been rolled ba«k, and he stood a-'ain by her newly-made grave. 'With daylight, and tho recurrence of daily routine, some of this exalted feeling passed away ; but, the man's whole being was shaken, and he remained in a:straii»cly excited . state. Three days went by. Grnliti-hie had said nothing to hia mother of his experience that night ; but on the fourth day he made a stern effort to recover his balance, to persuade himself that he- had been ;only dreaming, or under the inlluence of inoibid feeling ; he must brace himself for the battle 'that was still before him. In this frame of mind he went out that afternoon into the paVk ; the fresh ftir and movement would blow away some of the cobwebs from his brain. Tho dusk was falling, and Kensington Gardens, in which he pre sently found himself, were almost deserted. \Valking among the leafless trees he might have been fifty miles from London, but for the con tinuous roar of the streets which reached him. ' He went on slowly, his eyes bent on the ground, but e. faint rustic, like the sound of a woman's dress lightly sweeping the dead leaves as its wearer walked, made him raise his eyes to the direction whonce the sound came, which was a few feet tothe right, but on a line with him. lie wns singularly startled toseeafemaleform clothed entirely in white, with a hood or wimple drawn over the head, a long white veil flowing behind, it was how too dark to make out any details, but Grahame's impression was that the garments wero such as are worn by novices in a convent. Instantaneously he' stopped, with an unaccount able sense of recognition, with a feeling that what ho beheld wna no living woman ; how, in deed, should a novice, thus apparelled, be abroad, and at snch.au hour ? As he stopped, the figure, paused also,:' turned, and ?'?; with outstretched nujiloring -hands came close, to him.*, It was Melaine ! her dark eves full of a passionate entreaty, her lips parted as if to speak. But her. dress, he could see clearly now, was that of a novice. So close she came to him, so lifelike. did she appear, that, forgetting, everything, ho actually believed he saw his lost love in tin; flesh, and. witha broken cry of j'oy; he stretched out us arms to enfold her. .But even as that cry left im ^ Jips, the; spirit, or vision was gone, and Grahame fell senseless among the wintry leaves. ' He was. found by some passers-by, and taken ..home in --a.- senii- cnnscions state: but ihere.ihe.sonn recovered ; and now there came to him a _ncw idea, at once terrible and alluring. Ihat he had seen M6lanio this evening there could be no doubt The .circumstances forbade ??!! hypothesis of dreaming. A mnn cannot sleep walking upright in the open air ; vision or spirit —what matter? Was it vision of the dead, or of thchving? That Mdlanie should appear to him, whether in vision vouchsafed or projected from his inner consciousness, or in tho spirit, dressed as he liad known her, or in the dread cerements o« the grave,'! he could ?' understand ; hut whence' the garb of; tho rdigicuse? No thought in his mind or in her's had ever connected her' with the monastic life; hor parents intended her for the -nde of her cousin Victor, not the bride of Heaven: : Yet shecamc to her lover in the robes of u novice, with pleading hands and eyes, and lip* that strove to utter the words of impassioned ii{ peal. .?','.? My. God!' Grahame criod aloud. ' Have I been most miserably. deceived? Is all this story f hor death a'lie'f fsj'my darling living— walled up in u cruel prison untilslie shall yield to the tyianth who keen ner there ? And him her spirit cuui! Hi me her lover, to Have her? ' Her parting wurii« to. Uiui rang back on ui« iouL ' I au&D; iiwriys bo with you. Whateve; you may nenr, ntlir-ve nothing, nothing but that I am true to you. ' But the parents had notsaid Melanie was falso to him ; they had lulled hia perceptions to sleep by telling him she was still faithful. They told him she was dead — shewed him her grave. Yes ; but. no stone recorded her name, she wns only a few hours buried. The old sexton could only remember the Christian mime of the dead --ii-I, and Melnnie is no such uncommon name in Franco. In the light of the new conviction that lilted his rnincl, everything that at tho time had appeared natural now seemed suspicious. How was it he liad been blinded } Though in truth the fraud, if fraud there was, had been very cleverly ?worked out. ' To his mother Grahnme Baid nothing but that he must leave England at once. She had no belief at all in the supernatural, and the relation of his strange experiences would have appeared to her evidence of mental derangement. He went) stratght to the Tillage in which Melanie had died ; it was easy for him to find the grave, for he had taken spccinl note of its position. It was still .without a headstone— a thing strange in itself, for persons in the position of Meianie's parents would hr.ve.cprtaiuly erected a memorial long ago. ih: sought tho cure,- aud asked to see the register of t lie lui rials on 'such a date. There was only one, Mulnnie Anne- Cercueilliere, fifteen years old, a peHMiiifc girl, who had died of. rapid decline. ' The ftory, then, of Melanie's death wasa. lie, and she was living. ? ?'? In tho first blinding rush of joy at'thiscon .viction,.Graliami! had nearly betrayed- himself to ..the. curt ;? but he icmenibered himself in time, and, mustering hia emotion, presently inquired, with a not too eager interest, after a family named so and ao, who were atone time staying tlioie. 'j.'he eldest was very handsome— the younger— was she not .dostiuud for the convent?' The curt did riot know ;.ho had heard so; he fancied Mdlle. took Hlie veil at Notre Dame do Bon Secours, at Ylati'e, about ten leagues from here. , ',To Yliitre Grahame went; but not in his own persoii. He had already provided himself with the disguise of a friar, and in this'dress he took his way to Ylatre. He was a master of tlie French language, though not of the Hreton dialect, but he was ' an old monk ' from nearAngoulfime. It wan eosyenongh to deceive these simple people. ...- 'At the outer gate of the Convent of the Bon Sec'iurs lie-knocked one bitter evening — it was within a lyeek.of Christmas— and he was faint for want, of food, The kind and pious portress took him into her large room ; an old man, and a holy pire . who should fear to give him entrance ? . '-.'. ' 'By-'ohd-liy, ' whenythe old man was some what, .revived, , lie '? entered into conversation with -;!he' jsmttr 'converse, :who,,like,niost of hci kind;hvas a rare gossip: It' was not difficult to worm out of her all the news of the, con vent, in cluding that of pretty Stuur Ag:ses,the new novice, who wus stubborn, aud not at all piouB ; and in truth, on (lit, snid the : portress, that her -parents placed her here because she wonldnot marrj- her cousin, M. Victor ; aud in truth, that was foolish, for which worldly sentiment the holy friar duly rebuked the portress. ' Melnnie. was here, faithful to her English lover ! II ow to reach her? If secret means failed, h« must try open ones ; but secret means :ivere tin; pafest. The chape! of the convent waa in the garden, some three hundred yards from the. convent itself ; and skilful cross-questioning of the portress, awl observations taken at night, ap prised Grnhamo of the wing in .which the cells of : the novices i were placed. ... . .',. 'That night— it was dry and frosty— he scaled the convent'wall, and for more than two hours was busy piling up faggots and broken branches of. trees behind the ch'apcl, close to the trees and shrubs that grew there. :, ' ' Within one hour, a bright blaze shot up high above the... convent walls' and. the roof of the chapel, nnd a peasant was ringing the great bell and calling out, ' Fire ! Fire ! ' 'In two minutes the convent was like a dis turbed ant-hill ; the nuns, some half dressed, some wholly dressed, were rushing out to their beloved chapel ; peasants from the village were tearing up to assist in extinguishing the flames. No one noticed the old monk, who wore a layman's dress under his frock. A moment's scrutiny ohewed him th&t; tho figure he sought was not among the nuns. He sped towards the convents as he did so, a girl's figure, in dark garb, shot past him towards the great gates. It was Melanie t Not spirit uor vision, but Melanie herself ! She was profiting by the confusion to make her escane I He was wise enough to master the ir.ao impulse- to speak to her then. Ho followed her; the night was dark ; she gained the open road and fled on, he follow ing. As lie followed he flung away his disguise ; and when he judged it safe, with a few strides he .gained her side. She turned, would have cried out in terror.but his arm was round her, Ids hand oh; her mouth. ' ' Melanie ! ' he said, ' Melnnie,' it is I, Giahame, your lover !' ' \ The . narrator paused— his voice trembled. 'Messieurs,' he 'said, after a moment's silence, ' it is; hard to speak of that meeting. Can you not divine what it .was to him to hold his loveto his hArt, living, breathing, warm with passionate life, whom he had wept for as among tho dead ? Aud she— brave girl !— she did not faint. Dizzy with joy, stie yet remembered the peril, and bore up. But her first articulate words to lier lover, were these— 'Ah! you have come, you have come 1 / came to you ; did you not see me that day among the ireesV ... ... 'She;exphiined afterwards that she. had oh two occasions — the dates and hours of whieh'tallied exactly with Grahame's experiences— had impres sions of being with her. lover, 'imploring- him to come to her, for she was inut. dead, but Jiving. She felt that he was ' passing' out 'of lier life '— ? thatwas her expression. She did not know, what falsehood her parents had told her lover. On the first occasion Biie could only r.seo that , Grahame was in arooni ; she saw him as a dim outline ; she felt that he was conscious of her presence, hut knew that he could not see heV. In the second in stance all was distinct. She described the place, tho, wintry treus, the path winding among .them. She saw hor lover walkihc with bended head. When he stopped, she turned to him, slie tried to speak, but could not. He taught' to, embrace her, and then the whole scene wns. gone ;' but' there re mained with her a strange conviction that 'he would come: to her, and save her. , . , . 'On neither of these occasions was Melanie Asleep. The first time she wnsjying in-her. cot,, broad awake, unable. to sleep. She seemed to have, as it were, two personalities. She was con scious of lying on .her cot; of her surroundings : ret sho— some part of herself— was 'away iii 'Eng land, in the firclit room with Grahame. On the second occasion she was kneeling iiV the cliapel fit vespers. All the time that her spirit was absent she knewwhat was going on in the chapel ; she hoard tlie-nuns chanting ; she heard the novice beside her muttering her ' Ave Marja, gratia plena ' and ' Paternoster,' as she' told her beads ; yet she was away among the trees, in the dark, by her lover's side ; she heard even the Boft rustle of hor garments among the dead leaves. - _ 'All this is very strange, Messieurs. I tell it as it was told me. I have only sup pressed some names because— wyes vous—Mua sieurs, - Grahame and his bride are not yet i beyond capture, and in this country, as. I said, ! there is danger in. such a proceeding. Perhaps you do not believe these things took place ; but if you do, how doyou explain them I ' . There wns a short silence. The fire had sunk almost to blackness. So intense had been the ! interest; of narrator and listeners in the singular ! narrative, that none of the three had thought of putting on more fuel. M. Cremard spoke first in a kind of hushed voice. ? ' Monsieur,' he said, ' I must thank you for myself- very, ' very much. 1 do not doubt that what you have related is true in every particular. I say frankly that it is most wonderful. I do not know that it needs explanation j in reason there is none. I think even M. Mascot's scepticism must be shaken I ' ' j ' Parbleu, yes,' said the naval officer, stoop- ' ing to replenish the fire, '.' and by Heaven, this— ' this— friend of yours, M. Vereker, ,? deserves his bride: I hope they will have a ' happy Christmas,' , .eh I M. Creiiiard ? ' ' ' ? . . , , ... . - ; _ ' Many, many of them I 'said the advocate; a- ' little lniBkily. ' Monsieur '—to Vereker, with a. : roguish smile, which a glow from the fire dis-!, played to full advantage—'! trust' we may'' io-morrow all diink the health of M. Gerald Vereker and his bride Mdlle. Melanie.' ' ? Melanie hid her face, half- laughing, but trembling, too, on her lover's breast. He stretched . out his hand to be graspetl cordially.- in turn by the two Frenchmen. ' Messieurs,' he said, ' you are men of honour. t know that my story is safe with you. To morrow all the world may know itu We shall be In EnKlamU- bovoud all doimer.' Ijast Christmas M. ? Cr6mar-I wasV roairttng chestnuts over the fire for Gerald Vereker^ little son, and M. Mascot was giilbmlly -perform- ing a like ollieo for lovely Melanie Veruker; but vlie.n smile of the yuiuig people clustered about the Yule log called npun the mival oliiner fora, ' .yarn ' he shook Im lioml. 'Ask Mi V(jf«kerV said he, ' he lixs astianger rule tli.-m I coiilil.tull . you, aud his is true,' houlded, thouj. hi fully. 'Oh ! Captain Mascot,' sniil -little- G- raid, climbing on the seaman's knee, ' do jou belitve in ghosts? ' .'?'.. - ' '. .' ' I believe, my hoy,' said 'he, lai'iiig bis- hnid on tho child's Bunny lod;s, ' tlmt 'Wie! spirit, -iiiny ? atiau time and distance, and ihijsu wlio itiv. diviiied in bodily preseneo may yet. see eachiither faci; to face. But! uni speaking my owhtliniights.'' I!'i smiled : ' you, cannot understand ihoiv'sbbuld you ? When you are older ask '-father' to toll you his 'yarn.'' - . ' ? ? And as the boy turned eagerly to '-his- father, Gerald drew his little son .within liis'uriii, and his free hnnd stolo into his wife's. Is there. not a special un on of soul betwe.en thnse who '. have .together lilted the veil that slnoods the unseen and knoivn as a vivid truth the .mystery, 6/ M:a suDernatural? ' ?'..''?'' A LiTHORKAiMiiNG establishment in'Uuifulu'redenttj received from a western customer i» nii- ciiliirnote im nouncing the death of tho head of the firm. .' It, ' wna given to the clerk with instructions to' write a lvl tor of condolence in reply, nud this is whiit he supiiliod : ' We lire greatly pained to lenrn of the loss '(sustained, by .vour 'flrin, nnd extend to you our heartiest synt pathy. Wo notice that tin circular yoirseiit, iis iiii-' nouneing tho death of Mr. ? 's dentil is Iii ho grnphod by Chicago parties. Wo regret, that you did not sou it in your way to let 113 figure on this job. 'The nnxt titno there isa bereavement in your hotme we shall ho glad to quote von on lithographed cir culars, and are confident that wo enn give you better work at less cost than anybody else iu the busiiiesa. Trusting we may soon have an opportunity of quoting your prices, wo remain, with profound sympathy, yours truly.' A .man hailing from Wisconsin eloped with his employer's wife, and left tho following note for tho bereaved husband : ' I have tooked your woman ; but you ar welcum to my lnst woek's wuges, which I didn't draw ; and I hoap that squares things.' Guouhi) Foil Anxiety. — Jacks : ' What's tha matter, Fngley?' Fngley: 'I'm a littlo troubled over what Lnrkins said when I lent him 50 dollars.' Jacks : ' Well, whnt wns it ?' Fagley : ' Ho said ho could never repay ino.' On the Sixth Avenue Elevated. — 'It is very cold on this platform,' suid Cholly Greenleaf, ns he stood waiting for a Harlem train to arrive at thp Grand-street Station. 'It may' be,' returned tho ticket-choppor, gutu-dedly, ' but tho next station is Bleecker.' Knocked a Waggon Si'eeciii,bs3. — First Darky: ' Whur did yo' get dsit blind ?' Second Darky : ' It fell off a windor down street and knocked a wiigon speechless.' First Darky (in surprise): 'Speech- less?' Socond Darky: 'Yah, uiggor; broko do tongue 1 ' ' Papa,1' said Johnny, ' didn't George Washington over tell a Ho?' ' Never, my son.' 'Then how did ho get his clinch on politics ?' A man will walk a doran blocks To take a nmn a dun, Then walk sixteen before he stops To get away from one. A wealthy man wiu nskod not lonj; ago to sub Bcribo to a worthy charity. ' 1 should liko to con tribute,' snid he, 'but I have 800,000 dols. in tho bank not earning a cent, and 1 really can't afford it.' A Joice on the MiND- llnAiimt. — Cholly Sliin leigh : ' I don't believe in mind-woadehs, you know,', Miss Alert: 'I supposed thoy could do anything.' . Sliniluigli : ' They're all fwnuds, all fwauds. Wo had one. at tho club last night, yo know, nnd ho twied to wead my mind. Made a failure of.it— total failure.: Had to give it up.' Miss Alert: 'Bon't you think the -joko wns cruel?' ..Slimleigh : ' There wasn't, any joko about it, I assuah you. Ho twied and twied and couldn't mako anything out of it. 13ut we tweatod him well— pave him all tho cii?iwet,tcs ho would smoke and told him we didn't doubt his ability to wead ohdiimwy minds, you know, to make him foel comfortable.' Miss Alert: 'Poor fellow !' Knkw Where He Was. — He didn't seem familiar with the place, aud without taking into couiiidomlton the symptoms of spirits about him, ho wns evidently a stranger to the district of Columbia. Thoro wero several young men who wero in looking for what they called fun. They directed one remark after another at tho victim of conviviality, and finally one of thom said: 'I'll bet n dollar he doesn't know what state he's in.' ' So will I,' echoed another ; ' here it is. I'll put it up.' And. he hold a coin between his lingers. 'I take (hie) tho bet,' was tho response ' Gen'men, I'm (hie) in the stato of intossication, an' I know it. Gimme zher dollar.' And ,it hud to be . given up to avoid trouble for t*he winner of tho bet stuck to hia rights. Mr. Thompson's Return. — She's a good-looking, keen-eyed girl of 18, and I shouldn't wonder if sbo a a stenographer in some business house in New' York: I've seen her como over on the Pavonia ferry and take a suburbnn train on tho Erie-road soveral times, and I always admired the independent and self reliant way in which sho carries herself. Sho isn't bold or brazen, but sails right, along as if she had certain rights and was bound to maintain them. One day last week as she left tho bo;tt a middle-ngod mnn of pleasant features, who had followed hor over, crowded her with his elbow nnd turned and smiled and began an apology. She caught on liko a (lash. Ho had ' poked ' her to creato an opportunity, and if not downed thon und thero ho would pester her again. A dozen of us saw and hoard what happened. She turned on him, ex tended hor hand for a shake, and artlessly exclaimed: ' Why, Mr. Thompson, is that you? Why, the last I henrd of you you had run awny to Boston with n B'ervnut-girl, nnd.yonr wife didn't enro a cent! You must have got back !' Ho had. Ho had got back ao much that his face fired up, the words he wanted to utter stuck in his tJinmt. and honmdoa nnulmona .disappearance about livesecondfi later. 'Knows her biz,' observed a man who was walking behind the girl. ' You bet!' replied his friend. 'She'll 'make somebody a staving good wife' . Just What She Looked Like. — Showns.a pliunp woman, and it would not have been a violent stretch iiu/of the truth to cull hor a corpulent one. With tho fatuity which sometimes seizes upon her sex in the way of deciding to wear the most, conspicuous stuffs, sho had selected ns the material of her gown a brocado such as of old was used by tho upholsterer. She wus covered with figures so largo that, had sho been smaller, not so much ns a singlo one could have been crowded upon her ; yet which she dis played as fully as a conscientious sign-board could have done. Thoro wore those in the company who were not restrained by the loftiness of her social position from remarking upon her striking appearance, and as she sailed across tho room ono of these persons £iiid to her neighbour : ' Do look at Mrs. Bowsersoi; isn't, sbo astonishing to-night ?' ' Yob,' was the reply. 'Sho looks exactly like an oscaped sofa ' The Barber was Heady. — A veteran told this na happening at Savnnnah during the war: A young Confederate ofllcer/who wns pretty much of a bully, stepped in nt a toneorial saloon. Drawing his sword, he ordered tho liarber to shnvo him, nt tho same limo warning him that if bo cut his face or drow n drop of blood ho would kill him when he got up. The opera tion wnfl performed without accident.' Before ho wont out, howevor, tho bully nskod tho artist if he was not very much frightened whilo ho was doing I he work. The barber smiled. ' Not in tho slightest,' ho replied, ' for if I had accidentally drawn u drop of blood I would have cut your throat from oar to ear boforo you eould have niovod.' A 'Pmi.AUULPiliA boy wns nsked if ho ever prayed in church, and answered, 'Oh, I always sayaprayor, liko all: I he rest do, just before tho sermon begins.' ' Iiidood !' responded the astonished querist. 'What do you, any?' ' Now 1 lay mo down to sloop,' - A. okntlkman (stopped into a store whoro none but ' mourning goods ' wero sold, nnd inquirod for slntorcoloured gloves. The polite clerk informed him Unit only blnek goods were sold in that, room ; for slate- coloured glove? bo must step into tho ' mitigated affliction department ! ' Up in Art— The Now York correspondent, of l.icq Boston Advertiser tells of a precocious miss ivho thought sho knew enough about 'art' to make her criticisms worthy of somo attention. The ot her .day a lady showed 'this independent young thinker, ft picture hnngin'; on tho wall of her drawing- rimm.,. and in a moat elaborately docorntod frainn. i .' : Don't you tliihk that a pretty picture ?V she asked;,;'. Jr.Mk'oV tho (frame, very inucli, was; tho reply. ^'viJulirniy.; denr, thnfis it lnnstei piece; of Guido.' ...'G.iiiili.Vv' . nskod tho yoiing critic, ' wasn't ho the ? ?ntnylu uij' Uliot.- ,, jthe-Prositlent?' - '' : ' . ? . ?'?'';':i3X, ; ' An A'rkansiis girl refused to innrry lipi'-.-joVcr: i.m-| . less ho performed soino.horoic deed. ., ITu 'elnpijH:iyi'li her mother.- ?? ' ?.'.. : -...?. ? ..'.,.-';.;':! i.* -'''.1S.A-. Hotki. keepers complain this year of Hie, JHii'pIo who register with a great- spread and thon B|.i'.'.\»,.t.i' »' cheap bnarding-house. . ? ., ::;-,, We dislike to intimato that it ia piisslblii Mi '.in editor to lio, but tho statement in a Texa*. pnper I h;it a catfish that weighed ITOIbs. was ciiuiihtjit the Brazos justifies tho approhension that if t lie editor ii not careful; ho inny, unknowingly, learn to exngj;i-ral«, and thon ho will drift into politics! It is very ih'fil oult for a etituob to weigh ITQlbi, The putilih has no 