THE GHOST OF MORLEY. In Northumberland, one of the counties on the north- ern border of England, is the pleasant old town of Morley. I once spent about six months there, on a visit to the rector, who had been my father's best college friend, and I learned to love the place for its beauty then, as fondly as I now remember it for the curious old legends of which, in my boyhood, I pictured it the scene. Among these legends was one about the church crypt, which made a deep impression on my imagination at the time. Open- ing out of the crypt into an underground passage was a massive oaken door studded with iron bolts. Whither the passage led, no one knew; but the story ran that it connected Morley with the town of Carlisle, sixty miles distance. It was said that once a Highlander, having donned the costume of his clan, and being fully armed, entered this subterranean way with the avowed intention of finding its outlet. The door was swung open for him, and he stepped boldly in, striking up a lively air on the bagpipes which he carried. Disappearing amid the darkness, the notes of the music grew fainter and fainter until at last they were no longer heard. Anxiously and long did those at the entrance await his reappearance ; but it was in vain. He never came back. I shall never forget the awe with which I looked at that door, after hearing the story of the lost Highlander. But at the time of my visit authentic stories were in circula- tion at Morley more calculated to excite boyish terror than any such legend. There was not the least doubt of the fact that within two or three years the grave-yard had been repeatedly robbed of bodies by medical students or by other persons at their instance. The indignation excited in the town by such outrages was most intense, and for many months the inhabitants maintained an armed guard over their church-yard, to preserve it from desecration. The man employed for this purpose had been discharged from the further performance of the duty about two months be- fore I went to Morley. I remember the church and church-yard well. The inclosure was quite large, with the church on one side ; near the middle was a considerable clump of large trees. Among these trees was the first grave that had been rob- bed ; and during my stay in the town it became the scene of another occurrence which attracted quite as much attention as that which first gave it notoriety. It was in the spring. A large, elegant and costly enter- tainment had been given by one of the most influential residents of the town, and it was, of course, attended by all the young gentlemen best known in society there. Prominent among these was William Shelley, the young- er son of a baronet, who was an extensive land owner in the neighborhood. He was one of those dashing young fellows popular with his associates and friendly with all men, though inclined to be a little conceited. It was while at supper with some six or eight friends, late in the evening, after their return from the festival, that the plan was proposed which led to the singular event I am about to relate. In some way, conversation was directed toward the subject of the sacrilegious robberies of the burial-ground and the recent removal of the guard. From that it passed on to ghosts and spectres and to the respective be- liefs of the speakers in regard to their existence. Among those who most vehemently protested his unbelief was young Shelley. The discussion grew more and more an- imated ; Shelley indulged in denunciations of the pre- tended reality of ghosts with more and more severity, until, in the midst of the controversy, one of the young men seized a huge carving-knife, sprang to his feet, and cried : "Now, Shelley, you may say what you please about not being afraid, but I'll wager you that you dare not go to-night alone into the grave-yard and stick this knife in- to the empty grave in the copse. You are afraid to do it !" "Ha ! Ha ! You are mistaken," answered the young man. "I will do it this very night. No one shall say that William Shelley ever trembled at a ghost." All were in high spirits for the adventure, and they immediately set out for the church. It was nearly mid- night. The moon rose late, and was just peering through the broken clouds in the east. The party agreed that they were to wait near the gate, close to the church while Shelley went alone on his errand. He was to leave the knife sticking in the tenantless grave, and re- turn to his companions ; then all were to go to the grave afterward, to witness the proof that he had actually per- formed his boast. He entered the church-yard and went slowly forward. The night air was cold, and it chilled him, for he was clothed merely in evening dress. Hugging his coat around him with his left-hand while with his right he firmly grasped the knife, he thought to himself that the task was not a pleasant one. He began to mistake trees and bushes for living objects, and then he would mentally chide himself for his folly. Every now and then one of the sheep, which grazed in considerable numbers about the inclosure, and oftentimes in it, would start out from behind some grave-stone and cause him to shrink back. He felt that a sort of undefinable fear was coming over him. He strove to check it, and went slowly on, but with greater hesitation. He began to tremble ; only slightly, it is true, but unmistakeably. As he went into the little grove of which I have spoken, the moon became suddenly obscured by a heavy, dark cloud and all about him was thrown in deep shadow He heard the hoot of the owls in the belfry, and the breeze murmured strangely through the branches on every side. Now, actually so excited by his imagination as to be really terror-stricken, he approached the grave. The perspiration rolled off his brow in great drops. He dreaded even to look upon the spot where he was to plant the knife. Half turning, he moved up towards it nearly backwards. He did not venture to turn around. Hold- ing the knife behind him when he thought he had reached the place, he kneeled, trembling in every joint, and with a tremendous backward blow, thrust it into the earth up to the very handle. He was about to rise, when he felt himself held down; invisible hands seemed to have seized him in an iron grasp; and he fell fainting and senseless. And there his comrades found him afterwards, still unconscious, held to the ground by one of his coat-tails, which he had pinned to the earth with the knife. And neither Shelley nor Morley will ever hear the last of that story. 