Vera stared, but the woman-it was the cook-was gone before she could say another word to her, and she waited till Mr. Shackle ton came down to her with information. Both lawyers had slept at the Grange. There was to be a thorough search made through the papers of the late baronet to see it anything more could be found hearing on the fatal letters, and they proposed to do it in an amicable spirit if possible. Nellie begged it, and Mr. Venables would have done anything to please her, poor child, just then, though he did not particularly like Mr. Shackleton. It was quite true, this strange piece of news, Nellie had disappeared some time in the night, and it had doubtless been herself that Mr. Leicester had seen and not her ghost, But if so where had she hidden her self? He had searched all round the place as well as his means of light would allow him to do so, and there had been no trace of her, and, granting that it was her self, where could she have been going to at that hour in that direction ?' Half-mile Lane led to a stretch of waste ground where there were disused mine-shafts, and Belton Leices ter shivered at the thought of what might have happened to her alone in the darkness. There was no trace of anything to show where she had gone to, and she had nopt taken anything with her. Her jewel case was in its place with all its'glittering array of precious stones. Nellie bad a good deal of jewellery. Sir Darcie had been fond of buying jewellery for his wife, and since for his daughter, arid there were famnily gems as well. All her things were in order with one ex ception. Everything that Neville Delamere had given her to the smallest trifle was thrown on the floor, and the heap looked as if it had been trampledaon- spiteful and peevish perhaps, but the outpouring of a full, grieved heart, and Nellie was loving, not dignified. A hurried consultation was held as to what was best to be done. She must be found and brought back, even if she were not Miss Rivers. They loved her too well to let her go out of their lives and make no search for her. Search parties were organised and the police communicated with, and the day wore by in terrified anxiety, but no sign of the lost Nellie could be found. Towards evening tidings came, or rather a trace, and it pointed to the realisation of their worst fears. A man passing by an old shalt in the open ground beyond Half-mile Lane picked up a small shawl which every one who saw it recognised as Nellie's. Wilson, with many tears, protested that her mistress had had it on the very last time she went out, and that she herself had folded it away on the preceding evening. It was a terrible coniclusion to come to, but it seemed as if Nellie must have fallen down the shaft, and lialf beside themselves the gentlemen made- preparations to have the shaft explored. There were plenty of volunteers for the work, from which Neville Delamere and Vera Rivers had the grace to keep aloof. More than one brave man whose wife and children bad felt the benefit of Nellie's kindness came forward to go down into the noisome pit and brave the danger of the foul air to find her if possible. Alas, it was no use. The: pit was half full of water. If the missing'girl was there she would remain there till some convulsion of nature might bring her to the suiface. It was an .awful uncertainty, and it was difficult to hiope that she might be still alive. If she had been so near the pit as that in the darkness of the night it was next to ini possible that she could have escaped. She had escaped, and while they were seeking-her she was faraway, losing herself in the mighty world of London. . Literally losing herself, poor child, for though. she had often been in the modern Babylon with her father she was' poly familiar with a few streets west of Charing Cross. She had taken the words of her own lawyer 'as: con clusive. She was not the mistress of Milverstone but an imposter,' and' in her excited state of mind she formed the resolu tion to.go away and be lost. No one would want 'her, she argued. She belonged' to nobody. Neville'had forsaken' her fo this woman. who had come to oust her from her inheritance, and she would not stay any where near her . former home to see the triumph of the person she had tried to serve. She had wept bitterly, poor child, over the ruins of all her pleasant memories of her. father and her geitle mother. Why had they loved her so if she were nothing to them but a means of keeping tihe property out of someone else's hands ? Why had they made siuch a pet of her if she did not belong; to them ? It wasall a hideous whirl and con fusion in her mind with only one idea rising 'clear and distinct out of it: that she must go awaay and leave Vera in peace in her new' possession. ' She waited till all the house was still, and then crept downstairs noiselessly and out into thenight by a little sidedoor that was seldom locked. She knew every foot of the country' forisilles round, and she made'her'way to a station.never used by the Springfield folks, and tnok a ticket of a sleepy clerk 'vo hardly knew whether he waS serving .a man or a woman, acid so was borne through the chill morning air to be swallowed up in - the ceaseless whirl of London. ' .cHAPTER XXVI..-., " Alone ..... Nellie had never khnowui the meaning of the word, niever dreamed of the significatisis 6fif till the ftraiin whirled her away from the little station in the grey light of a dull morning and Milverstone andsI her old life were all behinid her. Poor, impilsive, wrong-headed child I She had taken every word she! had heard in the drawing-roni for actual truth, and she-was turning her back on the home she deemed herself to have usurped and goirig out into the cold world to be lost - She wished she could die as sh'e made her way across .the cotuntry to the ,place from which she was going to start, Her punish ment for having been so lonfig in the plads of, another 'was greater thanshe could bear. Happiness and home, friends and kindred, all gone at'one stroke. Shecould have borne it better, she th ought, if Neville had only been true to her. Ah I that could never be. Neville vas poor',and hemniust marry someone with money. He had toldher so plainly, and now she knew it had beeisfor her money that he had loved her. Loved her ! But h'e had' never done' that, or he would not have forsaken her so heartlessly.. If he bad only spokenuone word of kindness and 'sympathy for her she could have braved the rest and gone out'fearlessly' to the life that was before her." 'She had no very definite' plans. She would go to London and work for her living. She had about as much idea how to set about it as she had how to fly, but to get work always seems easy to those who have never tried. It is only thosawho have never tried. It is only those who have fought the fight and endured the waiting and the sick ness of hope deferred while bread growa scarce and cold pinches that Inow really what looking for work in Loindon means. 