RANDOM SHOTS. By A BItovs 'MAnARKMAN. I'm almost idclined to think that the Railway Standing Committee will soon be a thing of the post. No doubt the Committee ,has done useful work, " indeed it has worked itself out of a jolt. The eyes of the country are pretty well opened up now, and the mind of the country is pretty well made up as to what railways it will have, how it will have them, and when it will have them. The country, too, by this time has become tolerably well educated as to the probable cost over the various routes; consequently I'm inclined to opine the now Parliament will see its way to give the Standing Railway Committee polite leave to dissolve into thin air, and allow it to'mnake one more excursion with 'strie? orders never to return. The last dying speech and confession of the Croydel men at the railway committee meeting the other day before the Standing Committee (the Standiag Committee was sitting though, by the way, in nice easy chairs) was character iatie of theum. The death of the Croydon League was quite in harmony witll its life. Its varioust members added no 'redeeming feature "at their detliso to a profitless and corrupt existence.. Even the M'Intyres and tihe Beouts, who are fairly r 11 seasoned characters in theso seoni-plolitical comedies, could not restrain a smile at the convulsive oratory of a Collins, at the self-seeking platitudes'of a Massina, or at the peculiar idiosyncrasies of a:Mattingly on thle functions of Oovernment in supplying private individuals with railway accotmmodation in wild, ant unpopulated districts. The Croydon Railway League is to all intents and purposes dead--dend as a door nail. During its life, poor. thing, it vainly endeavoured to lprove that two and two are five, that black was white, that it lived not for itself but for others ; these and otherl little futile efforts beguiled a comfortless. existence, ahtd now its boeat Sfriends will give a sigh of relief in' tthe knowledge thata its days are etded. Certainly it'would have bean-pleasanter had it died at lhome in its own bed without the colat of a public execution., Let ts hope tlhat its ghost' will not put ill an appearance to frighten the souls of its' former f ioends for their ad vocasy in the perpetration of evil deeds. Tihets perverted lgio 'of the lato departed League did not succeed in ishiftig Lilydale one inch from' its natural position, and the railway to the Upper Yarra, when it does come, will certainly tnot meander aimlessly past Lilydale it order to suit the conveioence of a few benighted crofters who may haplpet to have lodated in a barren and forsaken bye.way.' As already said, the country's eyes are opened and the future line will assuredly lie carried where it will pay-from Lilydale, the natural cmntro of the district, via Cold. streoam, Wandil, Woori Yallock, Launching Place, to Warburton, ".Coming events ctst their shadows before thet," and in answer to nllumerous requetss, Il have cotlnllini eanted with Fastosus in order to gather an interpretation of the tanty ominous shadows which pervade this land of ours jtst now. The present dull times, says thist iniitnable sprite, will 'pass away in due tintm like a dull. vapour before the rising sun of a. new parliament and a competent government.t" Taking ad. vantnge, says Fastosus, of the knowledge gained by the experience of Now Stoutlt Wales, Vicioria" will carefully eschew the socialistic oletment in the now Parliament; and even the two fire brands, Trenwith and Hancock, have paid' their last adieu to the cosy:?ehats in Parliamnott ouse. None of tile present ministry will be in power mainy clays after. the assembling of theI new louse; even sl?o'uld ":they succeed in getting returned. The new Govern mnent will be somewhat'as follows : Prettier, Duncan. Gillies; Troasurer, Alr. Harper ; sCutosms, Mr. Patersont; . Attortney-oGenernl, Mr.' Deakin (who, by the way, will shako himself entirely free of the slough of .Radiatlism)t Lands nttd Agriculture--Mr. Camonron; Postnsatoer.General; a new matt to be elected Za" dark horse at present ; tand the Govertment:will be represented in the Upper House by Mlr. Service, who will also' be Minister of Railways. This Government, conitinlues my iulp, will inspire contidenco both nt home and abroad, our secairities will im mendiately..ral ?y~ andl tlhe tide "of "prosparity will again flow, money will be pleontiful, said thlo lines of railway so long promisetl will i;iimedietoly be put in hand., When it booomos tknown i Entgland that thle Iast'slhred of ithe llunro Ministry lihs gorie tb'"tl'ivitids and thlat able and oxpirioenced politicians rail thle destinies of V'ictoria, capitalists will :joyftally, unlock'thcir putso strini't Tlibh diniocratio Agt paper will saivol and. hosl for a little tittoe, until it sees that thle new old order is really estiblisheld, when it will tuno its liartb the pres~iing breeze atd brake forthl inato rapturous praises ont belhalf of whlat previously it malignantly despised. , , • ' As regards thle future proceedings of Sir OraliaiifBeriry, 'Fastoss is sonoe shlat reticent and says :-It iW'dilltticilt ovetoi for an occult spirit to devitto tlhe workings of 'this Inltai's. mind. , Of courso no llttlinti lioinig'phsseossing tlhe phrenological leveolpment that is Sir Grahlam .'s could occupy a btck seatt long; he ntust: be eitlrer on thte tub leading a forlorn hopo;"gestidulsting onl the floor of tlteo Hlote, ataywhere but withl Itis lighlt under na bushel. Ititill probability Sir Grahmau nty heo pitolh ftorkeld into thle preletirship again for a short time, say in about ,l years hence. A. wi~k's tellnuro of ollico thltewilllbe qltantum au fficit and enable him to recall Mr. lunro from that sylvan abode, ' that aqupomien--nthe Agent. General ollice in London. After that Sir Graham could die happy or else go back to London. It is only what every native youth (or imported one either for that matter) should look forward to with pride and pleasure-the possibility of at one time occupying a sent in the senatorial halls of his country, his country whether by adoption or birth. " There is, however, such a thing es over-haste or want of judgment in selecting the time and the place for pulshing one's fortunes in 'the way of parliamentary and political honours. There are plenty of seats in the present Parliament which could advantageously be filled in the new Parliament by other than their present occupants with both pleasure and advantage to the country. PerhapR, however, I may be allowed the privilege of thinking that the seat for tlie County of Evelyn is not one of them ; be that as it may, I still dare to think and to say that the great benefits which thiis electorate has received under the able representation of its present represen tative fully justilies a contilunmco of that confidence AMr. Cameron has uninterruptedly enjoyed for such a number of years. Pl,,ssibly the coming general elections will see aspirants for this. sent in the field-good and bad yet I hairdly think it vill tie liecessary to remind the electors of Evelyn of the long and faithful and consistent services of our present member. Actions speak louder than words, and without a doubt our present mnember's political life, judged by this unfailing standard, is a model upon whilch young aspirants for enduring politicial fame would do well to build. 