LIVELY TIME IN; AN AUCTIONEER'S OFFICE HOAV A CLIENT MADE A HASTY EXIT. - Considerable entertainment was afforded at the Police Court yesterday morning- by tlie bearing of a case in which Mi' lV. Abraham, the well-known auctioneer and popular town councillor, was proceeded against by Edward Levcu for an assault arising out of a forcible ejection of the complainant from his office. Complainant was represented by Mr T. If. Why to, and Mr J. L. Price, who stated tha' counter proceedings were taken against Loveu for insulting lauguage, appeared^for- the de fence. The hearing of the case was put down to the bottom of the court list iu tlio hope that the parties concerned would come to a settlement, but although the Bench allowed every latitude while negotiations wero pro ceeding, Mr Whyto eventually announced that the case would have to begone on ivitli. He regretted that two well-known citizens could not have a srpiauble without washing their dirty linen in Court, and ho suggested that the Bench should advise the parties to come to a reconciliation. Mr Heron re marked that if two skilful legal gentlemen had failed to bring about a good understand ing it would be useless for the Bcnoh to at tempt to do so. The facts of the case were then explained at length by Mr AVliytc, who said that the complainant Leveu called at Abraham's office regarding a disputed account of goods entrusted to defendant for sale. In the course of the interview Abraham called Lcveii a liar several times, and said that he was no better than he ought to be, thereby in sinuating that Loven was nothing but a rogue. Leven was hurt by these re marks, and it was principally in regard to them that he had brought the case into court, reflections of an injurious character having been cast upon him. Mr Heron : We are not here to give your client a certilicato of character. -Mr Price : Quite so ; you worship. We arc called here to dofciul case of assault and not to " whitewash." man's character. Mr Whytc continued that as Leven was uuietly leaving Abraham's office, lie was struck on the shoulder by de fendant. Leveu, who was a very powerful bodied man, did not wish to hurt Abraham, and putting his arms around his body held him in an octopus like embrace for a couple of minutes, after which he let liiiu go. As he was walking out into the street, Abraham made a rush at him from behind and kicked him in the calf of the leg, the result being that a very painful injury was sustained. Defendant should be taught a lesson to keep his temper, and not to assault his clients. The first witness called was Edward Leven who deposed that lie was a general dealer. On the '28th March he visited the defendant's ottice with regard to previous transactions, and told liiin that it was time they settled up a matter in dispute for some time. Abra ham said that he did not owe witness any moucy and that witness was a liar if ho said he did. Witness answered that if a man who told untruths was a liar Abraham could take the title to himself. Abraham then put up his list and struck witness on the shoulder. In order to prevent Abraham doing any violence witness put his stick 011 the floor and putting his arms about defend ant's . bod}' held him against his will for some minutes. Mr Abraham said "let 1110 go," but witness told liim to cool down a little. After Jhe released his hug lie walked away towards the street door without any expectation that the en counter was to bo renewed. Suddenly he received a violent kick on the calf of the" leg, the elfoet of which had caused him consider able pain. (Witness at this stage exhibited his leg for the information of the court, and the sightsecis in court pressed eagerly for ward to get a better view of its muscular proportions.) Witness explained the nature of the injury received and remarked that the effects could not be plainly seen as lie had kept the leg clean. (Mr Heron: I should hope you would for your own sake.) Witness continued that Abraham threw his stick after him, and kicked his lial down the street in order to relieve his temper. He told Abraham that his action was a cowardly one, and that he could not expect witness to take an apology for his conduct as readily as they did in the Town Council, lie did not make use of any bad language. After the assault he visited Mr Owen, chemist, and was advised l>y that gentleman to take a rest and have the injury examined by a doctor. AVitncss consulted Dr. Mueller iu the matter. If it had been a mere trial of physical strength between himself and Abraham, - the latter would have been worse off to-day. To Mr Price: He did not profess to bo meek or lowly, but ut tlic siune time ho did not re gard himself us a man of such an excitable disposition as to bo troublesome to everyone with whom ho eamo in contact. The blow giver. him in tho first instance by Abraham had not tlic slightest effect upon him. He was quite read}- to let Abraham strike him as hard as lie was able about tho body at that very moment if the court wished. (Mr Heron—Oh, don't go to such an extreme as that to oblige us). Abraham became as white as a ghost while fie was being " hooked" by witness. AVilness told him to be quiet, and lie said "Boo." (Laughter.) On the following day, witness went to Mel bourne, and the consequences of tho kick were so painful that witness was unable to walk, and had to go around the city in cab. He used no bad language whatever, and Mr Abraham did not order him off tho premises before the scuflle commenced. Frank Armytage, who was present at the occurrence, said he heard the dispute between tho parties regarding the disposal of certain goods belonging to witness. Rvcntually Abraham called Leveu a liar, and they then walked into tho passage outside defendant's office. Suddenly they commenced scuffling, Abraham apparently commencing the as sault by striking Leveu. The latter throw his arms about Abraham, and held him powerless for some seconds. Afterwards he saw Abraham lift his foot to Leveu as the latter was walking out of tho place, but ho could not say where the kick 'ouk effect. He heard the defendant tell Leveu lioforo the as sault occurred, that ho did not waut liim about the place. Alfred J. Owen, chemist, deposed that tho complainant called at his shop for treatment of a bruise on the calf of tho leg. It did not appear to be very serious, but as witness was not a surgcou he advised Levin to consult a doctor in the matter and take a rest. Mr W. P. Carr said that ho saw Loven innko a precipitate exit from defendant's but he did not hear Levcn make use of auy bad language. Richard Robinson, solicitor, called by both parties, said that he was speakiug to two persons about election mat ters when he suddenly saw Leveu shoot out of Abraham's office as if propelled from ho hind with considerable force. Levcn turned around and said to Mr Abraham, 44 You damned scoundrel, coiuc outside and I'll fight you." He had no doubt at ail a« to the ex act words made use of by Levcn. A slick and hat were thrown out after Levcn, and ho could swear positively that Abraham did not kick the hat into the street. Mr Price, for the defence, held that Leven had been the agressor having used insulting language and declined to leave the premises when ordered to do so by Mr Abraham. He had annoyed Mr Abraham by saying that ho ,'ould go in and out of hisoilico whenever he pleased, and afterwards subjected defendant to vcrv undignified treatment iu his premises by hugging hiiu iu his arms and squeezing him agaiusfc the wall. I£o called Michael M'UuinuesK, restaurant proprietor, who said that on the date in qucstim he saw Levcn pitched out of Abraham's door, his hat and stick being sent out after biru and almost immcdiaicly. Lcven turned around Mid called Abraham a rogue and vagabond. Andrew Redmond said be was speaking to the last named witness outside Abraham's office when Leven was pushed opt into the street by defendant. He was certain that Abraham did not kick Leven into tlio street. Complainant became very abusive when ho was put out into the street and said that Abraham was a li rogue, a b—— scoun drel, and that if he came outside lie would pet- liis li head punched for him. J.u cross examination the witness said he was positive these were the words used and that Leven had been forced out by the shoulders. Herbert D'Hclin, a clerk in the employ of defendant, said be overheard the interview between the parties. Leven called the defendant a liar several times, aud refused to. leave the office. He also said that Abra ham was a b _ liar and roguo and flou rished a heavy stick iu a threatening manner. Afterwards he caught Abraham by the throat and as lie - appeared de termined to choke him, witness endeav erod to pull him olf. To Mr IVliytc: Ho bad 110 intention of writing a novel or joining a newspaper staff. "Win. Abraham deposed that on the day in question, leven entered liis ofliec in company of a Mr Anuytugc, and demanded an imme diate ^settlement of a matter in dispute. Leven said that there rvas somo money owing to him, and witness denied this, as lie knew that Leven had iio just claim upon: him. One thing led to another, and finally, Levou called liirn aliuiy and refused1 to lcavo tlio office, asserting that it was a public place in which ho could remain as long as ho liked.. This annoyed witness, and ho put his hand on! Xiovcn'sshoulder and, commanded liimv to' leave the premises.Y: Lbveu turned round and; grasped him by- the throat and . forced, him; against the wall of the passago. Eventually^ witness freed himself from Bevcn's grasp, and catching complainant byt the shoulders forced him out of the :placo, accelerating his departure by a parting kick in a place . well protected by nature. Ho did not kick Lovcn's liat into the Btreet, but throw it after the owner. }Vitliout retiring, Mr Heron announced that' tho Bench had decided to dismiss both cases. 