CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The following personal items are taken from the Cliristian Weekly of March 25 :— The Rey. C. A. Berry arrived at Plymouth by the Ophir about the middle of last month, with his health thoroughly restored by his trip to Aus tralia. The Rev. W. Gould Taylor, of Denili quin, has resigned his connection with the New South Wales and- Queensland Uonterence, witn a view to entering the ministry of the Presbyterian Church. The Rev. W. T. Hiatt, of Moonta Mines, is paying a short visib to Victoria, whence he he came three years .ago to this colony. Mr. Hiatt, on his return, enters on his new sphere of labor at Maitland. Mr. Walter Edmonds, who died recently at Penzanceat the age of 95, had been on the preachers' plan of the Pen zance circuit for 70 years. The Rev. Canon Edmonds, cf Exeter Cathedral, i3 M3 son. Rev. Osric Copland, formerly of Brougham place Church, North Addaide, after eight years' successful work at Prahran, Vic toria, has resigned the pastorate of the church. The resignation is on aeeount of his family and will probably take effect in June next. Professor Harper, who has just returned to Melbourne, is going to ' do Deuteronomy for Dr. Nieoll's 'Expositor's Bible.' Dr. Stalker says :— ' I have heard no piece of literary news more gratifying for a long time, and I venture to predict that when the volume appears it will rank with the best of the series.' The Rev. John Watsford, as he. was preparing to enter the pulpit of Wesley Church, Melbourne, to deliver the ordination charge, had a telegram handed to him from his friend, the Rev. G. C. Grubb, M.A., the Anglican missioner, who was then at Dunedin, New Zealand. It contained * e reference 'Acts x., 44.' The text reads, ' While Peter yet spake these words the Holy Ghost fell on all them that heard the ivord.' No church walls separate these brethren in Christ. Mr. John Dorman, of Brighton, who died on Tuesday last, was oneof thefew survivors of those local preachers whose name appeared on the old Pirie-street circuit plan. Mr. Dor man, as well as being a local preacher, was one . of our oldest class leader?, and the influence of his consistent character, godly life, and faithful i-ulpib ministrations will be much missed both in the immediate neighborhood in which he lived and in the Glenelg circuit, for which he did such long, continuous, and ac ceptable service. From the Victoria and Tasmania Conference station-list the following items of interest to South Australians are taken: — Mr. Knight becomes the superin tendent of the Prahran circuit, and Mr. Percy Knight, B. A, 'is appointed to Traralgon, Gippsland. The name of Messrs. Withingfcon and William Williams, F.L.S., appear against Richmond and Toorak respectively. Mr. Wells is the lecturer on theology at the Theo logical Institution. Mr. Millard is a supernu merary, and a very active and useful one, at Launceston ; while the Rev. Thomas Jamas has extended permission to reside in England. On Thursday evening the quarterly meeting of the Brompton Wesleyan circuit was held in the classroom ol the Bxompton Wedeyan Lecture hall, when the pastor (Rev. Joseph Nicholson) presided over a good attendance. He reported that the membership was 179, of which eight were on trial The financial statement showed receipts, £75 lls. 9d.; expenditure, £74 18s. 4d. An interesting discussion took place on the work of the Methodist Council, and Messrs. James Harry, T. Pickering, J. Shaw, J. Gray, and J. Rcwe were elected members of ib. The Rev. Mr. Nicholson wa3 granted a holiday of two weeks. 