Varieties. "BULLETIN" MEMS. THE WABDEN DEATH. "An inquest was held yesterday on the body of William Dyson, miner, who, after a continued run of ill-fortune, suicided by shooting. The jury returned the usual verdict."—Barrier Paper. Years I have mined life's barren lands, And little save sorrow the clean-up yields, But the Warden Death has placed in my hands A Miner's Bight to eternal fields. Shallow the sinking to reach the bed, Six by two is the statute ground, And never a fee is paid by the dead After the Warden has made his round. Should I reject the boon he gives, Scorn, when we meet, I would see in his eyes; For a tenure uncertain is his who lives, And a claim uniumpable his who dies. Broken Hill. Chas. A. Camebon. Religious journalism doesn't pay even in holy Adelaide. Revd. John M'Ewin, of the Christian Cohnist, liquidates his debts at the rate of halE-a-crown in the pound now ; and lialf-a-crown more after a year. His is a very pious paper. He once wrote, in the course of an article on smoking: "How can the Holy Ghost dwell in a breast that is saturated with tobacco smoke ?" Lord Rosebery (according to Henry Lucy, in S.M. Herald) is the most widely popular man in Great Britain, being equally palatable to the masses, the classes, his own people of Midlothian, the radical London County Council, the Lords, the Liberals and the Conservatives. As the Bulletin said years ago, Rosebery is the only British nobleman by whom the people of Australia have ever been in the slightest degree impressed. Apropos of the royal Bavarian who crawls around the palace floor seeking for tin-tacks to devour, the London Referee says :—" The kingly post seems to be al most the only one of any importance in our complex modern society which can be ad ministered by a hopeless lunatic. But I have observed that the functions of a duke or a marquis, or, indeed, any hereditary legislator, which the vulgar view with awe, also fall to a great extent within the range of the meanest capacity. Who has ever heard of a duke being found incapable as a duke ?" It transpires that Mr. Whippingdale Johnson, the " zealous " special magistrate sent from Sydney to Broken Hill during the strike, has been receiving (besides his £860 a year, regular salary) £2 a day, or £14 a week, extra, with all his "actual travelling and hotel expenses paid." Which, in a roundabout way, recalls the fact that the present writer was once an officer in an Australian public department where liis official salary was only £100 a year, with £40 forage allowance, but, be ing the pet protege of a Minister, he was placed to do work which allowed him to charge "ex's." These amounted in six months to over £460, which were duly paid on voucher. Then, unfortunately, a poli tical crisis was precipitated, AisGovernment was turned out, and he was sent back to his minor billet at £8 6s. 8d. a month, plus £10 a quarter. Out of fourteen capitalistic associations invited by the N.S.W. Council of Arbitra tion to attend a meeting in reference to the machinery of conciliation and arbitra tion, only four sent representatives : and three of these were "non-employing" bodies—Sydney Chamber of Commerce, United Licensed Victuallers' Association, and Protection of Trades-marks and Ex change Association ; the other was the Builders' and Contractors' Association. The N.S.W. Pastoralists' Union flatly re fused to send representatives ; the Em ployers' Union, Steamship Owners' Association, N.S. Wales Employers' Mutual Defence Association, and the Associated Northern Collieries made ex cuses of inability tosend any one to attend; and the Pastoralists' Association, Master Slaters' Association, Master Carriers' Association, Wharf Association, and N.S. W. Carcass Butchers' Association simply made no sign at all. Combined capital's game is free competition. It doesn't want arbitration at any price. The London Titnes has taken to eulogis ing Daniel O'Connell, the Irish liberator, and intimates that if the blatant, murderous Home Ruler of to-day were only like that great and good man of old, the Irish cause would prosper, and even the Times would smile upon it. Fifty-five years ago, that paper published a poem about O'Connell, which started thus: Scum condensed of Irish bog! Ruffian, coward, demagogue! . . . Boundless liar, base detractor ! .1 Nurse of murders, treason's factor! The Tory paper always tries to get up a bogus aspect of Liberalism by cheering for the patriot who is dead, and damning the patriot whb is alive. Ihanother half century the Times will be rising to point out that it is only because the Radicals of 1942 are not like that pure and lofty hero Parnell, that it doesn't rise Sard take them to its bosom with enthusiasm. 