HOUSE OF RIIMMON. O IAORY OP THE "BLACK OUNTRIY It BOUTS STAfPI?ORDsnHRE. S? J.EANIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of m AUmer 8AEnt 's TWO LE?AcRBs," arO. iHAPTERILTX.-Taus pIArxs or FnecDnO; ,Afterher mother's death and burial, Made ,line returned to Mr. Saltring's without any ..:.?estce on her father's part. It was agreed S:?-i g aher uncle and herself that she'should '' r ~±t suddenly from those who had be. friended her in her sore need. Moreover, they determined not to be prodpitate in letting the events which had occurred become known to their relatives, for Mr. Rockingham well know that nothing short of the most dexterousn action would ensue for his niece any recognition by them. Besides the Saltringe, only one family wee admitted into confidence, namely, the Towers; and that came about this way. Mr. Rockingham had resolved to make in uiries as to the places Pelbois had visited when he had come to Langton; and fortuno so far favoured him that it was of Jody Waddy he chnoced to inquire first. Early in the morning after his return from Manchester, he looked first on the church steps for Jody, who was indeed there, smoking his little dirty pipe. He touched his hat as the clergyman approached, and then waited forMr. loekingham to address him. "* It's not worth swearing about, Jody, put in the clergyman. " It's a plain question, and requires only a plain answer." ** Have you seen a strange, foreign-looking gntleman aboout hero anywhere ?" Mr. Rock m asked. " An' if I haven't," responded Jody, solemnly looking upwards, " may thoLord-" S' "' Well, then," resumed Jody, in a tone which implied that he was quite ready to give theplain answeor required, hut that ho perhaps took the word in a wrong oonio, " ho war the darnedest tongue--" "' That isn't quite what I meant," explained Mr. Rockinghacm. " Do you happen to know whom he came to ons P" " "'It might ha' boon me," replied Jody, .ehaking his shaggy head, " by the way as he called me ' my friend,' when he ought to ha' lnowed, too, an I'd rather he friends with a Sqloecat, or my mirnis yonder, thCle 'm. I've never beooen well sin' heo wao here, and I'm feared as he wiheod inm ill." '." Weoll, well," Enid Mr. Rocelingham, grow ?ngimpatient uinder this tirade, for he felt euro he referred to l'elbors, an in a plnco like Langton a foreig?er was no rare ed viritOr. W "Whnt was he like ?" " I don't know," answeured Jody. I couldn't ebldo to look at 'im. lie looked black enough, I know that; an' he pulled a hat over his face, he did, an' hoasked me to show 'in the way 'to Doctor Toworc's, an' then had the face to grumblo at the road. An', 0 Lord, don't I wish I had the burying of'imr; he war the a?gravatmne t furriner--" Jody, to his utter surprioe. found himself left at this pointby the clergyman. ieo looked after him as he dieappeared down the road, with a fixed eye of disapproval. " Oh!" he exclaimed, " I thought he wanted toknow about it, but it's like 'ecm all--they all leave me to talk to the ghoateses. I ain't euro the ghoetesoe ain't better to talk to ; they don't msap a man's nosooff in a.answerin' of'erm, the ghostencn don't. Old Betty might, but she aid't a right and proper ghost, to my mind, an' ashe couldn't walk for a good while afore she died, so I don't supposo 'or ghost can walk." And the old manc filled his dirty pipe again. It wasa habit of his to haul about a ?pade, as another man might have done a stick, asa mark of oflico. [Io had got his spade now. He only know one song, and that was appro priat tohis office; and between his puffs he sang it now, though he hadn't the faintest notion of keeping in tune, and had considerably mutilated the words, in years of repetition. The refrain ho liked best wan "? I'veburied 'em deep, and my duty I've done ; and one line, refeolring to the numbers the gravedigger of the song had buried, always brosught to his face an individual amirk. Once in singing this nong at the Bull's I lead, when a little the worse for drink, he had remarked to one of his companions--no, not companions, for he had none-but to one of thoso seated beside tho somo fire with himself at that time, ' If thero'd only comn a peastilence, as they talk of in the church, an I could 'ave the buryin' of'en, I behliev I wouldn't mind dyine at the end of it myeolf. Whon I know as I've buried more than any other sexton, my duty I'll have done." Mr. Rtockingheam wan far out of reach of the song, for rapid strides had carried him to the corner house, inhabited by the doctor and his family. Doctor Towers had always had a friendly feeling for Mr. Rockingham, becauseo hehad never taken advantage of his pricsthood to inquire into p;ivate nlairo, eo he was always welcome hmon he called. The tinysittingroom was empty when Mr. Rockingham cetered it, and oat down on one of the chintz.covered chairo, and looked down the street through the emall window. The doctor wain just starting out on his first round, but he came at once to Mr. Rockling 61 You are junt going out, I fear," he began, 'lnud what I have cornm about cannot be put in a nutcl:1o. lead I not better waclk with ou ?" s If you don't mind,' said tLo docter, " I should be very glad if yeo would, ase there are some patilnt3 1 ought to neo early. There's a Eood dead of sickneso about." The clergyman toole his tat and put it on, as eh sign that ho was ready, and lhe and the doctor pawned out of the door, and had soon left thoetraggling village behind. "I Lho' you will not thinkl," began the clergyman, o.th come diflidcnce, " that what Inm going to ry is undue interference with your afairs. It yo will have the patience to hear me, you will seo that at any rato I am asdooply implicated as any ono can be in the affair of which I am going to epeoak, and my onlymotive iL to liberate you, if poe?ible, from what mustb ho, if my ourmi es areo correct, a most bitter bond. A man who has caused me thobitterest trouble my life ban known is, I find,also connected with your house." The doctor's great chent heaved, and his picrcing oven caught all the Ceiprceeion of the cr?rgvman's faco a-, he upco!e. "' Tho name of your mar'icd retcer in the eamo as that of the man I hlave alluded to. I nava traced the m?n to your house," The doctor's face becatmevery pale. "'Wil you tcll Ico in the Catnm friendly spirit in which I ck, if that rmau ever proftescd to narryyour eiatrc" "tic did marry her," replied the doctor, boaorely. " Cn pea give n:ioc tie ciC ?'" "It who Felruary, 1l--." "Yoa are ure of thatl" "I havo rrsscn ci-noth to aco eere." (234) "'hen," said the c!clr;yma, " , inded, a mc:scngcr of good to you." " How can you be ?" '" e is not your i.!ter'a husba: 1.." " xplain: youraelf." " tie ini .L 1 any:idtr bt ore th ,!t." The doctor .> ot no till in the r .tl. '!T'1 hrranll t e t io a," ie d.e tlooi.:i of his at iLch otl eL. ewit l l"ng in . cll _.i c nu.o incdhct lou' 1: th're io in a coo it. At rroast is till mine, ani nee vr troble h.oerso a if yout hadim taein y lacein a o-oll.." All the ret in .1e,"'' he added, thi1kin t of hisi' :,ter, "compared with her hl.eeri Iris nocooo tnd leeog his wife. That he had betrayed, ruinedoher, cenms nothing to it. At leaot ehe is 1till mine, and need never trouble hIrsolf about him again." " low0 you muet have suffered," responded the clergynman eadly, "to have learnt your lesson tso well ! I too have had to learn that the caose i lc:an wretched when a beloved one is cheated and ruined by i? bad man, than when he has the right to call her his property, and bid 1 her go and conie, andt none nr b ablO to help or forbid. \Vhen I avr l'olbois ho told me he had been somewhoereo after money. Have you indeed bcon paying him to leave to you what was not hia to claim ?" " That is the whole story." " Then it is over, and I havehboon amessengor of good after all." '" You have indeed; you have removed the shadow thlt covered our house. Death removed one; you have removed the other. If things like this happen to me, I shall believe there i: a God of mercy after nall." The clergyman did not begin, it some very young curatoes would have done, to attempt to provo to this man of scienco the existence of a God of mercy. Mr. IRockingham confined his prcaching to the pulpit; mnoreover, iho wi~s far-sighted enough to cco that Dr. 'l'ower was t.lking a tclon from a Greater Teacher at that moment, for he had given one little ,laince up ward, andt his eyes were swinmming with team. Thoy owalloed on a little further, and the doctor naid, '. You have bouo no very kind to m.', and Irado yourself co close a friend by what you have, done, that it cannot be wrong in 1me to .osk you if your sister is beyond the reach of that man." ' She i hbeyavond the reach of that man,beyond the reach of everyone. Man could not fresher, so God did it;" and he added, as if determined to be thoroughly frank with this man, whom he had respected all along, and now felt a strong affection for, by reason of their common silent suffering " My sister had a daughter. She is with me. So God has not left me entirely desolate." The doctor looked Inquirln ly " You must guess It.alreaty.' Madeline is my nieco, but I do not wish I toqknown at present. l must., break It carefully to my family.' I would not have lMadeline suffer in justice at" their hands. She must not go to them or be known to them unleest In be? g ful position." - "Pride is a hard dictator at times." we; marked Dr. Towers, with a sigh. " That is true," replied the vicar, " and my family I have found as hard as ever, even when" I took my poor, darling's remains to their resting.place n the family vault But I have a plan In my head that shall right Madeline, I and until then she shall remain at Mrs. Salt. ring's as before, which she Is very.willing to' do." ' " Moremlghthave been said, but the doctor's time was of importaneo, and they were at the gate of the house he was to visit first. Dr. Towers was so light hearted when he entered his patient's room, so very chatty, that the very eight of him produced a good effect; and when he had left that house and was once more in a country lane, he found himself unwontedly singing. Then when at last he was at liberty to return home to bhis usual early dinner, he made nome purchases of special dainties in the village, out of their reach hitherto, and sent themon before him to herald the approach of better fortune. Miess Towers took in the basket hersolf when it arrived, and called her sister's attention to it. 1 " What can be the meaning of his sponding all thin money?" raid Madame Polbolis, as we shall continue to call her. "?These things must I be so expensive. It's no early in the oasnon." "I toll you what it ie," said Amy, putting her thin handls together tightly, "we are some how in luck.". " Very much so, indeed," said Dr. Towers, coming upon them. ",We ohall bhereafter as other peoplo, peaceful and unmolcated. Isn't thant nomothing '" Tho two poor ladies looked almost scared. What could thoy think'? tlo took each by ann arm and led them into the little sitting-room, and cloned the door. " Gio," ho taid, "I doclare for the tirat tiioe thin room doco eeem to be horribly small anrl inconvenient." Iti sisters dared not speak. They were almost afraid of this mood of hlis. The doctor cwaF only amuseood by the fear in their faces, and tantaliningly went on, holding bad nown an it were high above their heado. "What do you ray to the gabled white house, Anuy?" "The gabled white houso! Mr. Richard son's houo ?" "Not Mr. Richardson's now," said the doctor, hin face smiling all over. "Don't you think it would suit us ?" " Why do you talk of such things," answered Louisa deprecatingly, "when you know they are quite out of our reach?" "Cut of our reach they were," replied the doctor, "so long as other people spent our money for us; but not so if our income were our own. Wehavo never been short of income, but others have spent it for us; that has been it, and that is all ended." "IIo is dead!" exclaimed Madame Polboin with a gasp. "Then he is dead!" " Dead to you, my Louisa, forever andover," said timhe doctor, taking her face, so thin and careworn, between his two large hands. "Ho is dead to you. Ilo is to you as if he had never lived. You have had a bad dream, that is' all. None of it has over been," he went on, .look. ing with glowing oyco at the pale face he held. " We must all believe that." "Toll us what you have heard, at once," insisted Amy. "'ou have heard something; toll us the moaning of it all." l"My love," said tho dootor, "there is nothing to tell hbut this. Loulo is your own, very. own sister just as if she had never gone away ; no one else has any right over her. There is no more to toll than that. He has been a villain to you, Louie; but it is all over. lie has no right over you; he never had. He dare not trouble us again. ItIo was a married man at the very tim. - " He did not finish his sen tence, and it was not needed. It was all understood now. Perhaps the doctor would not have looked so dlisappointod when Louisa showed no sign of pleasure had he weighed more carefully the difference betweuen his position and here. He had looked for a wild outburst of joy from both his sieton at the news he had communi. catod, and it was received in dead silence. The doctor had not made allowance enouolh for the physical and mental degeneration which comes no ofteon to women who sit at home and suffer, while the happler men go forth to work. They had not the Ipower left in them to sudidenly rejoice at anything, but they hadt that innate fear and suspicion that caione of such experience, and could not allow their mind?s to trust that they had at last .uro ground beneath their feet. When the doctor saw the cold and o:pa thetio wvy in 'lich they reccived the nonves, hi heaiort sanlk into a depression for the timno being o deol as tha.t which hnd been hii for coars until that morning. In hius delcpression he bcegan t1 0 o himself whether thel nowco ho lad heard was true, wlttholr o thasd been to hastyi ; wsother, ins fact, their trouble wasn over; and he felt that iothing could remove thin torturo of mind but come poritive proof. So with ai kind of prophetic inpublo, he oaid to 1hie ,iotro, " You don't re nline it. I will fetch you proof ;" and vwent out. Ac ie poko the wordno thely were echoed back to himn na if como one elseo had mokeu them; and a great conrago welled up within him. Ilo wae noat going to oeek proof; he m;ns going to fetclh it; and naturally onough hie feet took him into the vicoragoe. ITIo wan not long tlheroe ; nd when he came out with. if anythinlg, a moro bucyant look onc hin face than ho had eeor, in the r"orning, cur worthy oexton asccoted him withl " Hao a fovor broko out, Doctor Towersn " "Not that I know of," answered thodactor, not wcihing to be interrupted. "O lord," csaid .Tody, disconolbtcly, "I thoughlt there wor; you look io jolly glad. And, he added, explanatorily, " other folk'e troublo'n your anrd my blecein', aia'tio, doctor? Folkto dio so we can live, don't they?" "I don't get my living by kilning peopleo," re?ponmledO tle doctor noapp)ilhly, and wod ied on, with his hIand preend anain'st his side, where his poceet war, an if lhe had a pain in it. HIo banged open hi, door, to th seorious dlamago of the lock. lut what of that? IIo wouldnot be there lou:, he ]bnoo'. HIt found thoe lettrm where o h hd left them. "Ifyou wasnt proof," he aoid, " look here." It wao a lon.m:i'r o'iy of a marrinoe ccrtifico. 1 "It'e tloe, Louioa." e^id Aioy. " YIou were never mnrried to lhii at atl;" and ohe bean to feel something cf her brother's gaiSty of eIieit. "Whereo is your womanhood, Amy," cried Madamo Pclbone bitlcrly, "that you triumphlin I my disgrace ? If am not his wife, what an Ii .A disgraced be?ing, it only to corep to a corner, aCd hide, and die." " Why should you die, because youu h::vo tl,_n de:re iveld" replicad her brother. " .Liecr all, ih not anything better than to know; yovr ,1hi tl.,:property of that man !" " At titm co?t of being no longer n honi:? it Wo:Ua.n," rejoined Louisa, with hitter irony. "I am to have my freedom fromn him at that prit c . ' ' 'Look hero," sail the doctor, ttikin;" the table with his heavy ciot till it ehook. "'l.t me hear none of that society cant about henc.t women. Is society your God to jud;go you ? I believe," he went on, with an energy that causedl thlittle room to vibrate, ` that all tlhi: world's judgments will be reversed in anoththr. There can ho no disgrace where there i no in." " But I lire in the world, and what w;ill the world call me when they get to know P" "Can it matter what the world calLi you, when it called the greatest and purrot being that over lived, blaspheiedr Hold up your head, and do not fear. Give the lio to ilcy word, by your look. Inte grity iJ strounger thu slander, and uilent truth invulearablo againot busy lies. I promise you, you shall have no tino to dwell on thli; you alcotl be up anid doing. I moan to take the white Ihou:e I poko of ; not to leave you ill it all day whno Il'm away, though. I shall do what Mr. Saltring long ago recommended; I shall have it carriage, and you shall go out with mce; and you can't think about overything all at once." Louisa only looked more melancholy at all this, said to cheer her. She would have to learn like a child how not to le micoralble ; and it threatened to be no hard a Ic35son as any Oho had over had to learn. The doctor however, woo sanguino. Nothing ecemod to cheeck the oudden flow ci hi opirito since he had had the proof. And boforo long the white hound schemo wooa carried into execution, much t tI general uati,. faction of the Langtonia-ii, who looked upon tho doctor ia their property. .ne; hi? reipecte. bility as in some way cr othtr :eilccted upon thaen. 