PHYSICAL ENDURANCE. There has been so much justly said about the prejudicial effects of overwork, espoci ally in usiusg up' the pqveers of man and cuttino short his'life, that it msay be hastily assumed by some that work itself is pphep do lengtll of days, This, however, }sa fatal gaie kp. Tyliateypr may be proved concerning the ponlprqrgtive tend encies of different employu ente to shorten life it will alsarys Ie (qun that a life of idlepeso will iurpass them all. The faculties of man, usedandnot abused, serve not only to benefit the world, but even more to benefit himself. His health, happi ness.and length of life depend largely upon the reguler, steady, and fnll-not qzxeessiie -employnment of his own cowers. He who neglostlhis'law qud sugers them to run t' wait, leqding ae aimless and vacant life, will reap the penalty quite aon goch ins his own in terior condition, physical and mental as in any external loss lie may sustain. Where nature has beon abused by overwork in any form, either over study, worry, anxiety, dissipation, abuses or in any other way, the only way the lost yitality gan be is stoped is by regulap use of a remedy that combines in itself the restorative and vitalising properties of a food, and we can cosfiloutly recommend Clements Tonic as being the best, as instanced in the case of Goo. Britton, Ess., 4l (arfield-street, Isanncestoos, who s 8e-" I war very much troubled: with nervousness, inability to sleep, oud debility. I tried several doctors, who did me no good. MrJ. D. Jobustone, chemist Latngeston, recommended Cle. mentu 'lonlo and Fletcher's Fills, The first bottle did me a lot of good, and by the time I had finished. the fourth my weight was increased a stone. I am still well, and have had no return of the kidney trouble, which was once no troublesome. I am stronger than ever I have been, and lowe it all to Clements Tonic, and strongly recommend it." Visitor (to mine host): 'You seem to have th oblues.' Host : ' Yes, and i've got good reason for it. ' You know the old ruin on the hill back of the hotel is haunted, and lota' of tourists put sp hers at this hotel just to see the -ghost. Now, what does the confoundeo spectre do but strike me for, an igeresj of wanes-the low l vpd d4welp-and 1.m already giving more than ho squld earn gnywhege elses 