JIM RYAN 'BEATS HEFEERIAN ' Iii Seven Hounds. A Gauio Coutcst. On Saturday night last, at tho California Athlotio Club, Jim Ryan and W, Heffernan boxed to a finish for a purso and side-wager, amounting in all to a century. Tho meeting between this pair attracted a large and enthusiastic attendanoo, and the contest, which lasted for nearly soven comploto rounds, was as good a one as need be wished for. A few minutes after 8 o'olock Frank Pablo and a big ISst man described as Harry Butt, Champion of tho West of England .(?), entered the ring to spar four rounds. This was just about the sickest exhibition Iever'saw iu my life. Tho West of England Champion— save the mark — nover once let his hands go, and allowed Pablo to puuoh him when and where ho liked. At the end of the first round the Champion turned it up, Baying that he'd had enough. Groat Scott, and I should think so ! For my part, I'm quite satisfied that Mr. Harry Butt is not and nover was a champion. Jim Barron took his place, and he and big Pablo put in three livoly rounds, and then re tired to make room for ;Harry Porry and young Murphy, who 'Bparred, or rather fought, four solid rounds, Perry having a bit the best of. matters at tho finish; Thou the principals and their seconds appeared on the auauv, uuu u- iuuiim ul uppiuuotj nuuu uy ua \juv sturdy Victorian stepped briskly into his corner, accompanied by Abe Willis, Jim Barron and Aloo Rogers. Ryan didn't keep him waiting long, and soon allowed up, attended by Charlie Dunn and Jaok Fuller. Mr. Diamond was chosen as referee and Mr. Cooper as timekoepor. After the usual pre liminaries had been arranged ' time ' was called, and tho men quickly jumped up and stepped to the centre of the ring, where they faced each other for Bound 1.— Whon they shaped it was at once noticeable , that both were in good condition. Byan looked in splendid nick, and Heffernan suffered vary little by comparison. The latter had all the advantage in height and reach, nnd he know it. After fiddling for a bit Heffernan led a left, but Eyan was away. Then he let go left and right, but tho blows were spent in the air, Eyan's clever work being much appreciated. The Victorian tried again with the left, but Eyan ducked under tho blow. Heffernan then got home on the dial with a nice left, but was smartly conntered. Byan then let go a hard left, which caught tho Victorian on the jaw. The latter led in, and a clinch resulted, and nothing more occurred when comers sounded. Bound 2.— Directly Eyan got within striking distance lie luinpca in quickly and let go a Heavy left and right, which Heffernan just managed t» avoid. Eyan lot go another left, which caught Hefternau on the shoulder. The latter let go loft and right, but Eyan clinched. Breaking away Byan landed a hard left on Heffernan's jaw, which staggered him a bit, and he got another left stab home on the dial. Byan led the left but missed, and took his change in tbe shape of a hard right hander on the jaw, and then the gong sent them to their corners. Bound 8.— Eyan was on the. alert and never threw o. chance away. He left Hoffernau do most of the work, and contented himself with getting home hard with left aud right whenever a chance directed left, but Eyan Btepped neatly back out of danger, and swinging his right, caught Heffernan fair on the left optic, sending him to the boards. The latter took his ten seconds, and then wont for Byan for all he was worth, but the latter was far too clever, and tho Victorian couldn't get a blow home. Bound 4.— Heffernan's face was already showing signs of Eynn's handiwork ; his nose and mouth were tremendously swollen, and his left eye was almost closed. Notwithstanding this Heil'ernan came up to time as game as a. pebble, and once more set to work to ' let daylierht into the agile Jim. But he hadn't the ghost of a show. He cer tainly got home twice with a left hook on the jaw l&ld; a. left swine on the side of the head, but this oypirently didn't trouble Eyan iu the least, who smiled good-humoredly aud kept ducking away out of danger. . . Bound 5.— The Victorian kept pegging away, letting eo left and rirfit. but without success. He couldn't understand how it was that Eyan always managed to escape the littie delicate attentions which, he, Hoffernan, was so aniious to shower on him. Eyan twice got home hard on the dial ?with tbe left and staggered the Victorian consider, ably. Byau began to assume the aggressive, and from a lead he croBsed Heffernan with a swiuging right and sent him to the boards, where he took his ten seconds. He was a very sick mm when ho got to his feet, but Eyan couldn't finish him when corners sounded. Bound 6. — HefTernan showed that he was real grit, and came up to time just as if nothing had happened. Byan started iu to finish his man as quickly as possible, but HeSernan was full of fight, and would not bo laid out us long as he had a leg to stand upon. Byan dealt out gruel in unmer ciful quantities, bnt Heifornau took it all, aud never flinched, more than once getting borne on Byon's ribs with his right. Byau let go a. wicked right, which , had it caught Hctt'eruan where it was intended, would have settled mutters then and there, but he just missed the point by a hair's breadth. Bound 7 and last.— Byan looked serious, nnd evidently meant to settle matters in this round if he possibly could. He went nt his mau hammer and tongs, and kept pounding away at him, but still Helferuan never flinched. After a little fiddling Byau saw his chance, and, like a flash, he sent his cruel right across, which, catching Heifer liau on the point, dropped him as if he bad been shot, Ho Inv where he Ml, and was counted out, auu cue ruiurue utvuxueu uiu Hgub iu jiyuu uuuusi* great applause. Resiaeks. It was an admirable contest, one that was thoroughly well worth seeing. Ryan fought in clever fashion, and nover lost an oppor tunity for scoring when he saw a chance of doing so. On the other hand, Heffornan must he warmly congratulated on the splendid exhibition of pluck and real -grit that ho afforded those present. He is thoroughly game, and is a clever fighter, who will beat a lot more than can beat him; Still, Ryan was decidedly too good for him, and I reckon that, in condition, Ryan would go very near beating Dan Creedon. Ryan can be baoked to fight any middjo-woight in Australia, and is ready and willing to take on the winner of the Creedon-Dunn fight. 