CHAPTER XIV. AT LAST. Peter Dusk, Hie detective, sat in his room overlooking tlie Grand Canal, and smoked until lie had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invariable practice, to smoke furiously while working cut any mental problem. It must; have been a knotty point at issue, for though | it was early morning, he had consumed | several maniilas over the subject, and i that subject was none other than the i escape of a madman from the asylum J of a private madhouse in the city. By that queer method known best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetra ! tors through :lheir manifold labyrinth?, I Peter Dusk fc.ad found his in an, only to lose him the next day. j It seemed strange" indeed that Fern j brook, Man-prat, or whatever name the j master of the Barrier "Rock was known by, should be discovered in a mad-house in Venice, But so it was,. The detective had given' no .explanation as to how he had discovered the clue that led his steps to the asylum. It was sufficient for him that one of the lunatics therein was the person he' liad tracked half round ihe known globe. There w js no mistaking the original to the photograph, which had guided the officer all through his long patient search; the simplest noodle would have recog nized the likeness in an instant. The poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded, hard with his country man t j set hi 111 free, but the detec tive only shook his head in affected pity. Or.ce without the walls of the mad house, Dusk hugged himself in momen tary triumph. At last he had run his ina;a to earth-had him safe under lock aui key. To-morrow iiis employers should see Fentbrouk fjr t'aem selves. They went on the morrow-Warne, jjyndhurst, and the smiling terrible limb of the law. But he they went to see had gone-escaped, and left not the ghost of a clue behind liim. The sceptical novelist laughed at the whole affair. "I'm afraid you've been working too hard in this case," my friend," he said in I a kind way to the crestfallen runner from ? Scotland Yard. " I cannot but admire the tact and skiil displayed in your trac ing the doings of Fernbrook and his friends, but w';>en you affirm that he is here, in a lunatic asylum iu Venice, I be<* to differ with you. Except Hilton Fern brook has the power of Asmodeus at his back, and can transfer himself from one hemisphere to another with the speed of thought, I cannot see how it is possible he can be in this city. Besides did not the Master of Del M-addilino say tliis self same person had been confined there for over three years ? How can vo:i reconcile that statement with your theory that the poor wretch was the Master of Fern brook ?" Peter Dusk disdained to argue, but he ransacked the old Venetian city from St. Mark to El Perdo for the escapee. It was of no avail, however; there was no more clue to be had of him than if the earth had gaped and swallo wed him up. When all the questioning and search I was ended. Peter Dusk had gone over ! to Del Grade for further orders, but Warne and his companion had departed ! for London. So the detective smoked and reflected, and the more he smoked and cogitated the more puzzled he became over the whole affair. " That Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right after all," he muttered, apostrophis ing the table. *' I don't see how a man can possibly be in two places at the same time. They say this Hilton Ferubrook is still in New Zealand-was at the opera a matter of only six weeks ago. How then can the man whom I saw in the madhouse be he ? Yet, if this is a strik ing likeness of the man I was sent after, I'll swear the escaped lunatic is either the devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph I let me think 1" There was no one to hinder him think ing out the question in all its subtle bearings, and it took him some time ere he was weary of it. The little marble clock over the mantle piece chiming noon aroused him. *' Ah, well, I can't see my way now," he resumed, in that quaint fashion of talking to himself. " I'll not give in though, not L If that madmnn be ? alive and above ground, I'll find him-though I don't believe he's a bit mad. , A crazy, fellow would not have acted-or spoken as he did. . It's no use staying here. The f liowVau Englishman and he'll make for London. All sorts and conditions of. men hide themselves either there or in Paris. If he-goes to one or. the other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll pack up and be off and try London first/' It does not take, him long,,to put his decision into execution. A steamer is found ready for sailing, and Peter Dtislc takes a passage in iier. ^ \ It is a cold, windy evening that finds him on the slippery pavement of the Strand. Instead of wending his way to tiie office of the Minories, the detective goes straight to his lodgings in Ludgate, and comes forth again within the hour auite transformed in outward appearance. Calling a cab he drives towards Temple Bar. "If this man's in London, he'll have a peep at the theatre," he says to himself. " Rogues or lunatics, it's all the same. As soon as they're let out of the cage, they are drawn to the playhouse asif by magic. I'll begin with the theatres." . Dismissing the trap, he walks down to the Adelphi, and paying his shilling as cends to the gallery, where he can see almost every person in the house. A few minutes suffice to convince him that the escaped madman is not amongst the audience here. ° From the Adelphi Peter Dask goes to Drury Lane. Instead of mounting the gallery he takes a seat in the dress circle,°and looks round at the vast sea of heads and faces crowding the place. A-way out yonder near the stage, in the pit, the detective suddenly sees trie man he is looking for. ?1 here is no mistaking that proud, dark Spanish-like. face, with the short cropped black Lair and moustache. x he man is leaning indolently against the stage-box, (yet deeply intent upon the performance), and is dressed iu a suit ot sober tweed. JJefore the scene is concluded Peter l)usk has taken a seat beside the man in tne pit, and has satisfied himself beyond the smallest shadow of a doubt that he is the escaped lunatic from "Del Madi lino." "Fine play,.my friend." The man turns and looks the Scotland Yard runner full in the face. " It is a grand performance," he re sponds slowly, and in a rich manly voice, that had a tone of melancholy in it. " But it is badly mounted. In France j they attend to those things more so than ! in England." [ "You are not a Frenchman, sir?'' I " No, ?* replied the stranger, smiling. "Nor yet an Englishman ; I.may say that; lam a cosmopolitan, having 'travelled ; some,5 as they say in America." "Are you an American ?" " You are curious, my friend," said the other, good-humouredly. "Iu France, and even in the United States, they have -a rule in society called etiquette, which means that rude questions are deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may tell you that I have none. I repeat, I am a cosmopo litan. '' ®eS pardon," said the detective, hastily. " It struck me I had seen you before somewhere." You wers a stricken deer, ray friend, for thinking so," responded the other, 44 We cannot possibly have met be fore." " I think we have," cried the detec tive. There was a swift gash in the black eyes, as they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the face of the speaker. "Indeed, sir! Where?" he asked, quickly. '' Have you courage to accompany me to the vestibule, and I will tell you there!" " Why not tell me here ?" replied the other with some disdain, " I have a reason, which I will give you also, if you will adjourn with me." "Pray, lead the way ; I am at your service." Not another word was tpokeu until the pair reached a small room, adjoining; the saloon bar. "Sow, sir," said the stranger, "seating himself. "Tell me where you and I have met before." " At the Del Madilino, in the city of Venice,"cried Dusk. If a pistol bullet had gone through the body of the man, then and there, he could not have evinced greater surprise. He stared at the detective in blank amaze ment for fully a minute. "Pray, who are you?" he said, at length. "I may answer after your fashion, and reply, I'm a cosmopolitan." "You saw me in a mad-house in Venice?" asked the ether in a vacant way. "Yes! the Del Madilino. a private asylum, governed by one Dr. Dotti Nico lino." The other replied not, but gripped the back of his chair with a convulsive clutch. " It is not many days since I was in Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini's establishment. I saw you there." j " I remember you now," responded ' the other, after a pause, in which he had ! recovered from his surprise. " You have disguised yourself, but I recognize your ? voice." "I'mglad of that," said the detective coolly. " Now tell me how you escaped from Del Madilino ?" The man laughed. "Still inquisitive," he said, with mild ! irony in his tone. "Are you interested ! my friend ?" " | "Perhaps." i " Well the story is too long, and I'm ! not in the humor to talk much." Bow if I latid you in gaol, and send you back to Venice ?" inquired Dusk. " My good sir, you are evidently in a ' fog Respecting the law of England coil- ' ceraing lunatics, answered ihe stranger with a smile. " First, you will have 'to ; prove that l am insane'; second, that I escaped from a inad-house." "Did you not escape ?" " is another question, my ' friend." | Peter Dusk reflected a moment. He \ felt that he Jiad no .lunatic to deal with in the person of this stranger. " What if I send for Dr. Nicolini, and prove your identity V" said the detec- ; tive. "The mad doctor cannot prove my identity. Besides he dare not set foot in i London." j "Dare not!" *' I repeat-dure not." " Why, pray ?" inquired Duslc. j "My friend, questions seern to be your forte, but X am not inclined to answer ' them. If you have any business with j me, pray come to it at once, for I wish i to see the play out." I "Do not be in a hurry," said Dusk, j placing hit back to the door. "Do you 1 know who L am?" j " No, nor do I care." _ .'...' ~ i I am Peter Dusk, from Scotland j Yard." | " Indeed, and pray. Mr. Dusk, what is that to me ?" j " Do you know this photograph?" re- j plied the other, handing him a carte-de- I visite. The stranger took it, and held it to the j light. As he looked at the picture, there came into his eyes a strange expression impossible to describe. Peter Dusk watched his face as a.tiger does its prey.-To BE CONTIXXJEK. F J) It 