^hc Jsfor^ldla'- SCEKES FROM LIFE'S STAGE. TEN ORIGINAL STORIES, BY SIB GILBERT E. CAMPBELL, 11Aar., Author of "Detective Stories from li Life,1 "The Avenging Hand," "The Mystery of Mandeville Square," &c.; IN THE DEER PARK. \- A j art from tho magnificent chase which surrc uiided the fine old Tudor mansion of Greybtoke, there was an inner division, carefully paled off with strong oaken rails, which many a smaller landholder would have looked on as a comfortable little estate, so many acres did it contain of hill and valley, meadow and woodland. This interior enclosure was known as the Deer Park, atid hod been railed off at great expense to prevent the red deer, which at certain seasons are especially dangerous, from injuring those who used the roads with which the park itself was intersected. Grey stoke was a wonderful old place, and bluff King Hal, the Virgin Queen, and the Scotch pedant who succeedcd to her throne had [often taken their pleasure in the vast demesne, aud follow ed the deer with hound and horn. The masters of GreyEtoke had always been a wild and reckless set cf men, caring for little but; lie indulgence of their own passions and vice . There had,- however, always been a cert, n method in thtir recklessness; they had never exceeded their princely means, and had never interfered in royal quarrels, and by these ir.eaus had kept their broad acres intact. Griffith Greystoke, the present possessor of ths wide domain, had followed in the footsteps his ancestors. As a lad he had been an adept at ah sports of the field, and when a mere boy he had climbed to the summit of the ruined tower, known as the Wizard's Keep, and swam in the fathomless pool in the Deer Park, said to be the abode of a water Kelpie, and which was the only spot in the enclosure where the red deer could quench their thirst. When old enough he had joined one of the regiments of the Household Cavalry, and for a brief space had run a wild career of dissipation, but his untamable spirit would not submit to the trammels of discipline, and after a short military career, he found it ex;« oient to threw up his commission and retiie for a term to Greystoke. Thus his devotion to field sports won for him the gulden opinions of the country gentry, but after a time he grew wearied of the life, and taking with him his foster-brother, between whom and himself a dev3tedattachmentexisted, he started, not on a continental tour, for that would bave been far too commonplace an affair, but for an excursion into wild lands, where the more savage animals were still to be found in comparative abundance. For three years Griffith Greystoke was absent, and his nerne began to be almost forgotten. The game in the Greystoke preserve increased and multiplied to an extraordinary degree, for by the master's orders not a gun was to be fired in it during hiB absence. The red deer wandered about their domains without fear of a rifle bullet arresting their course, slaked their thirst at the Kelpie's pool, or fought out their quarrels in tne battlefield of fern and bracken. All at once, with a suddenness which was characteristic of .all the Greystoke movements, Griffith made his appearance once again at the home of hi.- ancestors, and with an addition to his retiniv- which caused the squires to hold up their hands in wonderment, and sent many a bitter pang of ditappointment to the hearts of the counliy matrons who had marriageable daughters on baLd. Griffith Greystoke had brought home a wife with him. Not a Mexican scnoritaj not the daughter of some Indian rajah; not one of those impossible goldminers daughters, all beauty and refinement, in spite of their coarse surroundings, evolved out of the inner consciouEness of American writers and their imitators, but a fair, handsome Englishwoman, some three years older than her husband, the widow of a West Indian sugar-planter. How such a marriage could ever have come about was a mystery to which no solution was. offered, and the only person capable of doing so, Gideon Carthwaite {Griffith's fosterbrother), maintained a discreet silence. Besides a wife, Greystoke of Greystoke brought other followers back with Uim. An aged, white- headed negro, an old and confidential servant of his wife; a young Seminole Indian whom he had picked up in Florida ; a Zulu, and a Chinaman, who bad acted as valet and general factotum in camp. All these different nationalities found accommodation within the old walls of Greystoke, and matters would have gone, smoothly enough had it not been for Mrs. Greystoke's temper, which was as fiery and violent as her lord's. In', her West Indian home she had been a little' queen of society, and she could not understand why other women, who did not possees her good looks or charm of manner, should have precedence over her, and she was even jealous of the respect accorded to her huBband. One afternoon, after a more serious jangl than usual with Mrs. Greystoke, who had objected to the archery club holding its usual meeting at Greystoke, Griffith retired to his usual Eanctum, the armoury as it was termed, from a collection of weapons of all countries which adorned its walls, and lighting a cigar, r.icg the bell furiously. After an interval of some five minutes the door was slowly opened and the grey head of Manuel, Mrs. Greystoke's confidential servant, appeared. " Master want me?" asked he, "What should I want you for, you blackfaced imp of Satan?" demanded Griffith, whose temper had been sorely tried. " Are there no other servants but you ?" The man made no reply, but still lingered in the doorway, and Griffith noticed that there was a cut on his forehead covered with a pieoe of diachylon plaster. "Who have you been fighting with, Manuel?" said he. " I no fight, master; missie thow candlestick at me in one of her debbil's tantrums," returned the negro, grinning like an angry monkey. "Poor devil," remarked Griffith, who was quite disposed to sympathise with any victim Lis wife's ill-temper ; " take that, and send Gideon Carthwaite to me." AS he spoke he tossed a sovereign in the direction of the black servant, who pounced upon it with alacrity, and then departed on his errand. In a few minutes Gideon Carthwaite entered the armoury, and stood awaiting his fosterbrother's orders. A tall, fair man was Gideon, apparently possessed of immense muscular strength, and with a frank, open expression of countenance which was very pleasing to look upon. "Sit down, man," said Griffith. " We have gone through too much together to stand on any ceremony when we are alone, I ain driven half-mad with that woman's airs and graces. Get me something to soothe my nerves, or I shall do something I shall be sorry for afterwards. Gideon eioseed the room, and opening a cupboard concealed by a Moorish shield, brought out a bottle of brandy and a couple of glasses, which he placed upon a small table at his master's elbow. "Kelp yourself," said Griffith, as he filled a glass and tossed off the spirit as if it had been water. 1 Do you know what new trick she has played me tn •. .y :' "You Urn, sjoke loud ci'i-nj::. when you were dist.i.s-ii!a the ; , pink drawing rwm tor tverx body tut,- .,, answered Gideon, as Li: sijiped his biaudy. 1 wish 1 had never seen l",-r broke out Griffith "They talk abom ,r.ih spells in the Wtbt lad cs, and turely bi..i must have employed ©fcu of thtin 10 iiidiu-i- me to bring ft:i ha uon>:>ii home to Greystoke.' '"J i.n: ; o i^i; in crying over i-^lt milk, jVi.i-.i! ; .4'.;' si,'" leturned the ter brother 1 !.i. 4 ; y <:> ':" ic-torted G iihth savagely. "I uoulc ^iii ,i thousand poutii- lo tho mas wl o would t|rill her blood." " Hvu-h! hufh '." answered Giai on, looking r. i,nd bim cautiously. "It is not well to say sui h things. One never knows v iio may be littenitig. A thousand pounds Is a big sum, I 11a; ter GriKui, some people alight feel iuciimd tu ink,.- ;tt your word." "Ycurs. lt, k ' ...scance," eaid tlnJHtb, with a half enei r "I have i-:..>.-« asked for ino4i,y, have I not, when 1 v> fortunate to > you some slight tervicc ?' demanded the mnv, calinly. "I descive the reproof, Gidiyn," replied theMnstir of Greystoke, after a >hort pause, "but then I am eo badgered and worried that I hardly know what I say or da U'hy, if the atehery meeting does not take place in my grounds I shiih be the laughing stock of tho whole county. " "Let tin: go on as usual," suggested Gideon. i iieie is a week before the meeting takes place, and a great change m.iy come in that time." " If you mean a change in Mrs. Greystoke,' returned Griffith, with an ironical laugh, "yon are far more sanguine than I am. I confess that I would rather abide by my thousandpound offer." " We have been in many lauds where a quarter of that turn would have tilenced half a dozen troublesome women, or men for th« matter of that, " but there is au uncomfortable institution in England called the law, which is apt to express itself rather forcibly concerning acts which it calls by some uncomfortable names, such as manslaughter, homicide, and murder," observed Gideon, layine a strong emphasis upon the last word. Griffith started from his seat. " I never meant that," said be. "I only wanted soma one to give her a bit of a fright so thatsh* might pack up her traps and take herself off." "Then it only Ebows yoa how right my warning was, "replied Gideon; "f ir I certainly thought that you were willing to give a thousand pounds to any one who would take your wife'E life; but I see now you would pay an equal T JID for her disappearance. Why nob offer the lady a good round Eum, aad perhaps she will consent to return to Trirndad, where she can vent her temper upon h^r black servants "She would laugh in my face if I made such a proposal," returned Griffith. " No, I must take your advice, and see what time will do for me." "But, after all, it is a munificent offer,' laughed Gideon, as he followed his master through the door of the armoury; "and I dare say there are many men who would cheerfully pay a like sum to be freed from the incubus of a wife." Next morning theie was considerable excitement at Greystoke, for its mistress had disap- - peared, and ieio no signs behind her by which she could be traced. It was apparent that she h*d not been spirited away by any of tho numerous ghosts which had the credit of frequenting the old pile, for a costly dressing-bag with ivory fittings and gold mounts had vanished with her, as well as a casket containing an almost priceless Eet of diamonds and emeralds. Griffith at first was disposed to take the loss of both wife and jewels in a very philosphical manner, but liis foster-brother pointed out to him that he held too important a position in the county for such an affair to pass without considerable comment, and that iie would be expected to take some active measures. Accordingly a thorough enquiry was made, and a complete search set on foot. No signs, however, could be found of the missiug lady. No one had seen her leave Greystoke, and she had not been noticed at the railway station, nor had she procured any conveyance at the neighbouring town of Dulford, and Griffith, knowing the indolent habits engendered by her West Indian life, was convinced that she had not fled away on foot. The reports, however, of the dissensions between husband and wife had spread far and wide over the county, and strange whispers began to circulate, which culminated in a visit by a detective from London,-who came down to make enquiries. Thisofficialtnade himself generally obnoxious, and compelled each individual member of the establishment to believe that he was the suspected person, insomuch thali after his departure nearly the whole establishment of Greystoke came before the master and announced their determination/^ leaving forthwith. The obstinate spirit of his race now blazed forth in Griffith, and confronting the maloontents, he poured ont a torrent of objurgationupon them, cursing them for a set of cowards, who wanted to leave the pamps when a leak had been discovered in the ahip. "Whom do you suspect?" cried he angrily;. " are we not ail in the same boat?" For a moment there was a dead silenoe, and then one cf the footmen spoke out. "The talk is that yon offered a big reward to get rid of your wife, and that he, pointing as he spoke to Gideon Carthwaite, "did the trick for yon, but you managed matters eo cleverly that it is impossible to bring the crime home to either of you." With the bound of a tiger Griffith sprang forward, and grasping the man by the collar forced him upon hie knees. " Yoa lying sooundrel," said ne, thrusting his hand into his boeom. 1 ' Confess that it is all an invention, oc I will blow } our brains out." The man turned ghastly pale, and stammered out—"Everybody says the Bame, and Manuel heard you offer a thousand pounds to get rid of the missis." "Get up, you coward," exclaimed Griffith, putting him contemptuously away. " I had norevolver or firearm about me, as you might have known bad not your fear blinded you ; but as there have been suspicions I. will take measures to find out the real truth. Who is on my side amongst you?" About a dozen of the outdoor servants, gamekeepers, gardeners, and grooms Btepped forward. " That is well," eaid the masterof Greystoke. "And now, listen; until this mystery is cleared up not a single communication shall be held with the outer world. Some one amongst us is the possessor of the secret, and, if we draw a ring round the inhabitants of Greystoke, we shall doubtless find out who he is. You will say that I have no right to act as I propose doing, he continued, as someof the servants appeared disposed to offer a remonstrance. " I dare say I have not, but I have the power, and that comes to very much the same iu the long run. After the blockade is raised you may take what steps you please." Prom that day Greystoke was like a beleaguered city or a plague-stricken spot around which a sanitary cordon had been drawn. Nome went out from it, and no one was f. srmitted to enter. Oxen and sheep were in plenty, and there was no deficiency of ale, wine, aud flour. There was a good deal of murmuring, but the outdoor men kept good watch and ward at the gates of the park by day, and at night Gideon Carthwaite mustered the unwilling garrison, and saw that not one was absent. Society wondered a little at first, but after a time all was set down to the strain of eccentricity always visible in Greystoke betters and the matter ^Th^blockade had now lasted a week, when one evening the headkeeper sought an audience with the masterof Greystoke. "Well, Randal," said Griffith, impatiently, " what is it; has any one been trying to run the blockade, or have you made any discoveiy !" The man shifted uneasily from one foot to the other, and twisted the brim of his hat between his fingers. " YouH be laughing at 1, Squire," said he at length, " if I tell you what I be come about. - ' " Never mind what I shall do, but let me hear what you have to say," answered Griffith. "Well, the deer bebewitohed, and there' an end o' it," replied the man. " Are you mad ?" retorted Griffith, angrily. " No, Squire; but the beasts be," repli- Randal. " Will you speak out?" returned his master driven to the end of his patience by the man's reticenoe, "or get out of the room and leave me in peace." , . 'Well, Squire, the deer be all wandering about the place like lunatics, their coats staring, their eyes swollen, and looking more like ghosts of themselves than anything else. " Pshaw ! don't bother me with such trivial details," broke in Greystoke. "But, Squire, a buck and two does are dead," said the man, "and aa far as I can seo the rest of the herd be a-gomg to follow their l e \vuhout a word Griffith Greystoke got up, and beckoning to his foster-brother made his way to the deer park. A number of the deer were standing close to the fenoe, tossing their heads, and looking at the intruders with a strange and piteous expression quite foreign to their usual wild and free manner. Carthwaite gaasd at them attentivdv, and then turning to his master remarked. " Do you recollect that great prairie fire, which extended for miles and licked up all the pools and pieoee of water for an immense distance?" . "Of course I do," answered Griffith impatiently ; " but what has that to do witn the beasts ?' r „ ; . "Do you not remember" pnwuea foster- brother, "the herds of deer «nd otti animals wandering about in eearob ttt WMM "Of course, of course," answered Griffi "The deer are dying of thirst,' replied Gideon. Randal opened hia eyes. " What! with all that ere water in the Kelpie's Tool?" asked be. Gideon made no reply, but walked straight away to the pieoe of water which was situated in the centre of the deer park. "There," he exclaimed triumphantly, as be came op to the brink, "it was raining last sight, and yet there is not a single fresh hoof mark. Something has frighttDwi away the deer from the pool." "It must be the Kelpie then,'' taid Randal, with an air of conviction. "Stay," exclaiucd Griffith, " what has become of tliitt large flat stono wit-h a crown carved cn ic, and the date Jamts 1. hunted in the park ? There is the spot from where it has been wrenched up, but where has it gone ?" He turned as he spoke to his foster-brother, a meaning giance passed between the men, and Gideon proceeded to pull off his boots and remove his upper garments. " Have you got a knife?" asked he, addressing RandaL With a look of puzzled surprise the keeper produced A broad-bladed clasp knife, and Gideon taking it from him began to wade into the pool. "Where be you a-going, Gideon ?" demanded ti e keeper. The Kelpie will lay his claws on thee as sure as eggs is eggs." " I am going to bring up the Kelpie," replied Gideon, and as he spoke*he dived beneath the surface of irhe water, a few bubbles only marking the spot where his head had been. He 'remained feo long under water that Randa was seriously alarmed, and muttered that th: Kelpie had got him certain sure, and even Griffith who was well acquainted with his fosterbrother'sE1> ill as a swimmer, began to grow alarmed. As they v ere gazing anxiously at the! sullen •water Gideon Carth waite's head appeared above the ; surface, and ' be began to swim slowly afcd laboriously towards the side, as if some .heavy object which was not visible was folding himback. '; '.AB be got iirto shallower water he stooped, sidwith the words, "'Here is what has J>ewitched the deer," raised the dead body of a woman from the pool. . .. — - vfT J | " . niiii a cry ot surprise and horror, Gftiu.." and- the keeper recognised the.form of Mrs. GreyStoke, - swollen . and bloated with her Bojoum beneath the waters of the Kelpie's ,PU>L " Has -she committed suicide?" exclaimed Griffith, ae be assisted to lay the dead woman on the bank. "She was kept down by the great stone," 'answered Gideon, " which was fastened round her waist by thiB red silk scarf, which I had to . cnt away, in order to release the body." "Why that be what that woolly-headed nigger used towear round his waist," exclaimed Randal-taking np the limp rag, and surveying . it with an air of disgust.. "Stay by her side, Randal," -said Griffith, "and do you, Gideon, come with me." , ' With as 'little delay as -passible the men returned in the house, and in a few moments the irhole of thedomestics were summoned. - u Manuel, 1 ' said Griffith, "after you had murdered Mis; Greystoke, and thrown her into rKdnisSs Pool, what did you do with thedress- . ingbagwith the gold ana ivory fittings?" y lSie *dd man's face changed to that strange { -grey hue which betokens abject terror in the negro race, his knees trembled, and when he " strove to speak only a few inarticulate sounds fellfromhis lips. r; , '*'Qiicfc,** said Griffith, sternly. "I have no time for delay." "In the vault in the Wizard's Tower," murmured the old man, whomterror had deprived of all the power of judgment. '"Yon see he. confesses," said Griffith, addressing, the other ^servants. "And what was your motive for. the crime?' he added, turning to the self-convicted criminal. In an agony of despair Manuel cast himself upon the ground. ' " I did not mean to do it, j wailed he, " but die strnck struck me asrain. again, and tha the ' —mg blood boiled, all grew red, and I stabbel Bnt how did yon get to the deer park?' 9 demandly .^Jlnn^jBil. Griffith sternly. " I heard what you said to Gideon," answere I I Manuel, "aud I thought I might frighten m J.^lL^lfn^lH ffiJwi' for^ated~this«W~TOU^ I told°herthai you ™ A 1 t ' f e * ^ ® , . IwJSJ . \ , Li^ ftL Sf SST^f S^^^^a'v^L^aZZ. . •Dole park, out intending of the to house, make our and way got to into Dulford the deer and procure a conveyance there, but when we got as „„ n.„ i Am Mlli eiia'anB i-v.^ I ^ K w t X M t fSSrtS* I.S i^nir^ LrU^^™., ^ r Z ^ C with her, but Bhe burst out into one of her f etcrms of passion, and stmok me over the face in the old wound. I got mad then, and stabbed ^i-Tt^i^T m Z'^Z^Z IS T ^ f^to^K^^f?^! S / ^ S SSrfSSi^SfiJ,VJ* looted by the myself, side of and the tying, water an old round stone her whioh waiBt lay I threw her in. Then I took the bag and reaching the old tower -unobserved I hid it, intending to cany' it away at some other time, but the shutting up of the place upset my plans. But ycwi will let me go now tnat I nave confessed all, will you not ?' In spite of his age, and in spite of the fervid appeal by his counsel, entreating the Jury to deal leniently with "a mam and a brother," the murderer and robber was duly convicted and e^eouted. Peace once more fell upon Grey- Stoke, Hie shadow that hadres'ed upon Griffith's name was cleared away, and the deer once more slaked their thust m the waters of the Kelpie'e Fool. THE END. Next week, THE MAJOR'S BUNGALOW. I : 