THE SEPTEMBER MAGAZINES. A recent cablo message reports Mr. Ghaun- cey Dopew, a leading member of the Ro- ' publican party in the United States, as _ affirming that if a poll of the American electors were taken on Home Rule for Ireland barely 100,000 would bo found opposing Mr. Gladstone's proposal to give olFeot to it. This declaration is borno out by statements contained in the introductory paper of tho Contemporary . Review, entitled An American View of Home Rulo and Federation, written by Mr Albort Shaw. At the start Mr. Shaw goes further tlmii Mr. Drpuw by saying, "As an American I , believe in Home Rulo for Ireland as a matter of course. It is a question In which Americans feel a warm interest, and about which they agree with an absolute unanimity. Out of our population of65, 000,000 there has occasionally emerged somo solitary, cccentrio person who has taken the viow that Irish affairs ought not to bo transacted in -Ireland, and who has, perchance, thought it a mark of superior independence of judgment to eympatkieo with tho Conservatives in Eugl&nd; But these individual cases only servo to make more apparent the amazing unity of American opinion on the Irish question." Mr. Shaw undertakes to show how this unity comes to pass, aud finds ; tho reason for. it in the /American's complete confidonoo in the wisdom of his own institutions. As fast as new territory has been peopled in America it has been conceded full privilege of Homo Rulo. Even after the temporary, fraoturo causod by civil war, the disjointed States wero no sooner oohquercd than they wero at once welcomed to the old household. "Tho British or any European Government would havo hold tho subjugated region under military occupation, with somo kind of colonial status, for at least a cen tury. The region would havo boon Ireland ised under coercion nets and military ocoupation. But Americans had faith enough in tho prin ciples of federation and homo rule to restore tho recreant States, almost before the smoke had cleared from tho battlo fields, to full authority ns sovereign members of the Union." What suits tho American repub- ' lie ought, Mr. Shaw holds, to suit equally well tho British empire from centro to outermost province. An interesting nrtiolo . on The Growth of Industrial Peace is furnished by Mr." John Rae, based on cvidenco placed before tho Labor Commission, whose prolonged investigations aro now drawing to a closo. Tho commission has examined upwards of 430 witnesses connected with ovcry branch of ; labor excepting ngriculturo, which has still to be considered. Much good, it is apparent, has been effected in various trades by means of tho boards of conciliation. Tho first of theso instl- tutions known in England was formed in tho hosiery trade 26 years ago by Mr. Mumlolla, .. nnd was purely conciliatory in its constitution. . Three years later Sir Rupert Kettle established tho first board of arbitration in connection with the manufactured iron industry. Arbitra tion held, in rcaorvo Imb holpcd to make . tho , initiatory attempts at a concilia tory sotfclemcnfc more productive. Most of tho witnesses, however, protest against tho appoint- monfc of State arbitrators. As ono or them expressod it Lot Parliament mind its' own business. . Wo know better what mantoaoleot >. u for an arbitrator than Parliament docs. Wo do ' not want thorn to foist upon us an arbitrator." ; How to ovorcomo occasional disobedience to the awards remains a difficulty which Mr, Rao / conceives ' will disappear boforo a ; fur- ' thor growth of 'the. /spirit of reason and fairness, which1 has ' removed other obstacles. Professor Sandfly, Dootor of Divinity, opens up a vory different subject in a contri bution covoring somo 17 pages of thorangazino, and dealing with Professor Huxley as a theo logian. Dr. Sanday did not read tho contro versies which during tho last threo or four yoars havo boon smartly conducted in the Nine teenth Ccnturyt but ho has perused Professor Huxley s collcotod papers, as lately issued in a separate volume, nnd gives tho publio tho bona- fit of his oommonts upon them in tiio Contem porary, Ho has no objection to offer to the author's agnosticism, but holds that in dealing with thoso subjects of inquiry " tho Professor is off his proper ground, ond is betrayed into some very looso writing, in whioh all sorts of Incongruous ideas are mixed up." The famous articlo on the miraolo in which the Gadnrcno swine figure so peculiarly, is gently touched on by Dr. Sanday, who admits that the story is besot with "difficulties," and adds, "the actual migration of the domons into the swine is not a point which I should vonture to QBserfc with con fidence." There may have boon, he conceives, in tho interval which elapsed before the record was completed, "somo coloring of the facts by popular belief." Professor Huxley is oalled to account for the aggressive tone he adopts, while at tho same time a sort of excuse Is offered for him in theso words — "I do not doubt that Professor Huxloy himself is only in part to blame. Ho is repaying to theology tho same sort of mensuro which five and twenty years and moro ago theology dealt out to him." Dr. Louis Robinson, who in a provious issue treated of tho ways of infants as elucidating ovolution, now per forms a similar service by dogs. His pnper bears the caption of Canino Morals and Manners, and is singularly pleasant reading to anyone taking an interest in man's four-footed companion. Tbo principal qualities which make the dog useful in domesticity aro traced book to his savage state, and it is shown how ho treats sportsman or shepherd now much in tho same manner as his imogenitors behaved towards tho leaders of the pack. Tho evolution of tail wagging as a sign of pioa- Buro is ingeniously worked out. Tho tail served ns a caudal semaphore whun dogs hunted together in thoir wild state, telegraphing the fact of a quarry being discovered, and eventu ally camo to bo agitated as a gonoral mark of satisfaction, Tho success of Sarah Bern hardt company in London, ovon during tho exoitement of a general election, supplies Mr. George Barlow with a pretext for contrasting the English and French stage, nnd demonstrating tho lattor's incon testable superiority. Professor J. "W\ Halos has somo agreeable literary notes on Tho Last Decade of tho Last Century, whence he traces the beginning of a keener appreciation of nature on tho part of English authors, nnd indicates the influence upon thom of the great German writers, A valuable contribution to ourrent opinion respecting tho British ocoupanoy of Egypt is supplied by Major Otto "Waohs, who maintains that it cannot bo surrendered without infliotlug a deadly blow at England's prestige in tho East. Thore seoms to bo a consensus of opinion among thoso who tako a calm survey of oxistlng Parliamentary institutions, that tho present form of party governmont will havo to give way, sooner or latter, to one whore the question of " ins " or " outs ' will be made subsidiary to tho dcspntch of public buniness. In reviewing Tho Contest for tiio Presidency, in the Nineteenth Centuryt Mr. Goldwin Smith points out that party government in tho United States practi cally prohibits tho sottlomont' of urgent ques tions, such as the treatment of the South nnd tho negro vote, from being grappled with by either party for fear of losing ascondency. As regards tho Issue of tho approaohing eleotioh for tho Presidency, ho sojte : — " The contest is likely to bo close. The shrowdest nnd most independent judges appear to think that tho odds at present arc slightly in favor of Mr. Cleveland.' . . . Tho only thing whioh is certain, howevor, is that between this timo and next November there will rage over the United States a vast fnotion fight, attended by no small portion of tbe moral ovils of a civil war." Present conditions are doubt less due to tbe struggle for power that is being w5 olnsses " end the masses, nnd this will have to be settled before dhy im proved form of administration can be adopted. Meanwhile, Mr. Goldwin Smith fears that "unless the world oan find someway out of party government, the next generation is likely to see serious times." Sir Julius Vogel's elaborate papor on A zoi.voroin of the British Dominions is an attempt to prove jiow " the grand result of a duty freo exchange of 'goods botween tho whole of tho Britisli dominions, including tho United Kingdom, can bo effected." At present thero aro, as everyone knows, two groat obstaolas in the way. "Tho United kingdom sots great store upon the freo admis sion of food ana raw mntorials, and tbo colonies, or somo of thom, aro inolincd to stimulate local manufactures by heavy dutiea on imported manufactured goods." To mako up for tho losses that would aoorue by the exclusion of foreign commodities throughout the Britisli Empire, Sir Julius proposes a system of bonuses and differential duties. These aro to be. removed whon tho schema shrill havo had time for successful working, "not sooner than saveu years . from the data of bouusos ooming into operation and not inter than 18 years," when " tho Unitod King dom will impose not loss than n 10 por cent, duty on all foreign commodities, and tno British possessions and the Unitod Kingdom will agreo to an exohanga, free of customs duties, . of all aommaditics of .their own production or manu facture." The foot that some colonics would have to surrender their protective policy and abandon manufacturing on thcirownncabiiiit,tluiB swelling tho vast ntmy of tho unemployed, is passed over lightly, Sir Julius remarking that " at first sight tho induooihents seem less to tho British possessions than to tho United Kingdom, for many of them will bo called upon to relinquish their protcccivo polioy; but tho Iiroteotivc policy of theso possessions has not teen designed to permanently bolster up unsound enterprises." A moro practical sug gestion, which aims at promoting unity of senti ment throughout English speaking communities rather than a forced reciprocity between antagonistic trading interests, is set forth by Sir Asticy Cooper in his explanation of tho pro posal for an Anglo-Saxon Olympiad. "Let mo disolalm," bo says, "for my sciiomo any such ambitious prctonsions as Imperial federation. It cannot bo Imperial federation, beonuse it invites tho Americans of the United States— one half of the English speaking raoo— to conic in ; and they nre coming in. Again : it is not Imperial federation, because it aims at the formation . of no political or commeraiab Zoil- vorciii, nevertheless tho Imperial federalists nre supporting tho idea, because thoy reoogtiiso that it is calculated to establish thnt unity of senti ment without which no political compact is .likely. to endure." Sir Astley Cooper expects from tiio correspondence that pours in upon him from tho United States and the colonics to shortly , make a commencement witli tho athletia division of his programme. For this ho adheres to .his pre viously oxpressod opinion that "no money prizos should ho givon at all, but that instond soma symbolic trophy bo givon to the victors." To the1 objection's' urged against this intention in the press, thnt Sir Asticy "doeB not under stand tho inner workings of the modern atlilotio mind, or ho would never have inndo tho proposal that tliare should be no monetary prizes," be replies that " ho ennnot boliovo motives are bo irretrievably sordid where the University athletes contest on the Tlinmes anil at Queon's Club for tho honor of tho victory alone." A trip thnt Lady Galloway took through Mnoriland Inst year is being pleasantly told by hor under the somewhat unattractive titlo of Globe Trotting in New Zealand. With tho exception of tho lofty mountains, Cook and Egmont, ail ncaessible parts of the North ami South Island wore oxplorod, and a landing was oven made at Stewart's Island, the southern most of tho group. The Rev. Dr. Jesaopp tells a story called Swantoii Mill, that he hnn " gathered bit by bit during the last fow years " in his intercourse with tho inhabitants of the Norfolk parishes he has made his renders familiar with, wishing thereby to oountoract a former statement for which ho has been taken to task by tho critics, that "in East Anglia there was n conspicuous absonco of anything liko romanco or thnt which wo understand by sentiment. " It is a somewhat grim domestic narrative that he makos public, lest it would "soon be quite for gotten unless it bo put on record," but it is re lieved by thoso inimitablo touehos of nature that mako all bis contributions pleasant rending. For thoso who aro not tired of hearing about tho sayings and doings of Carlylc, an enrly love story of tho philosopher, told by Mr. Goorge Straohey, under tho titlo of Cnrlylo and tho " Roso Goddess " is full of interest. It wns during his first visit to London, that whon visiting at tho house of Mr. and Mrs. Straohey he saw Miss Kitty Kirkpatriok, the roso maiden, and writes of her in his diary. " I remembor on our approach to tho houso tho effulgent vision of ' donr Kitty ' buried among tho roses and almost buried undor them, who in sight of us glided hastily in." Sir Herbert Maxwell recalls an almost forgotten hero, Stilioho, whom ho designates Tho Last Great Roman, whoso unbounded influence ovor tho Emperor Tlieo- doaius he compares to that of Bismarck ovor the first Gorman Emperor. Somo personal obser vations on the Protective Color in Animals, by the Rov. R. G. Johns, gives somo now and homely illustrations of this interesting study in natural history. Besidos theso contributions, whioh are the most readablo in tiio number, other contributions include Tho French Empress and the German War, a Roply ; In Defenco of Short Sorvioo, by Gono ral Sir John Adyo, nnd a ohaptor full of nncc- dotes about tho olergy by Lady Cathorino Milncs Gnskell, called Some Talk about Olergy-, men." Now that a small majority in favor of Home Rulo has been secured by Mr. Gladstone, the chief anxiety of his supporters is toexpedito tho passage of a measure through Parliament. And Mr. Frederic Harrison, in tho Fortnightly Ecvicw, says that this . can only be done by adopting tho same stringent measures in regard to debate as obtain in tiio London County Council. How to Drive Homo Rule Homu is the : titlo of his paper, but ho says this " cannot be done in tbo old style with the pre sent House of Commons, with a majority of only 40, and that composed of different groups with aims of their own." Mr. Harrison is saiiguino that " it will bo done by new and inoro vigorous modos of Parliamentary procedure." Sir Robert Bail, the Irish Astronomer Royal, relates all that astronomers oan tell ns about tho planot Mars, now that it is an excep tionally good position for observation. "The nesont opposition of Mars," ho writes, " is tho icet that has offered itself since 1877, and the best that will offer itself for many years to eomc. Henco it is that so much interest has beon manifested in the present phenomenon. In America tho groat Lick, telcscopa lias been omployed in watohing it, nnd sensational reports have been spread of supposed signals from the planet itself. Sir Robert Ball points ont, how evor, that " all that the best telescope oan pos sibly do is to exhibit the planet to us as it would be seen by the unaided eye if it were brought into a distanco of 30,000 miles. This will demonstrate that even our greatest telescope cannot be oxpcctod to cnnble us to answer the questions that are so often nsked about our ncigh- uoringglobc. . . . Wehavoheard,"Iiccontiuuos, surmises as to tho possibility of tho communi cation of intro-planetary' signals between the earth and Mars, bat tho suggestion is a pre posterous one. . . . No building that wo could raise, even were it a hundred times more massive than tho Groat Pyramid, would be dis- coiniblo by the Martian astronomor, even had he the keenest eyes and the most potent tclcsoopes of whioh our oxporicnco has given us any conception." That cholera U a dirt disease is forcibly illustrated by Mr. E. B. Lanin, who, in his nrtiolo on cholorn and cUaulineas in Russia, says that " from a hygienic point of view thero is not n sound spo.t in tbo empire. Food, wntor, air, clothing, houses, streets, are all contaminated to suoli a degroo that, as a Russian newspaper lately remarked, a century of effort would not sulfioe to bring about a perceptible improvement." There is nothing at present to bo hoped from sanitary commissions, as, on account of the pre vailing ignorance, oven among the moro edu cated olasses, " town counoils are found ridiculing sanitary measures as worse than uselesu ; aud doctors secretly drain the infectious impurities of thoir hospitals into the water which tho unsuspecting inhabitants drink, seriously maintaining in the press ovor their signatures that sanitation is not do- Birnblo because oholera baoilli thrive in clean water while they perish miserably in filthy fluids." Soandlnavia has given yet another dramatist of tho sombre, pessimistic typo— August Strindberg— whom Sir. Justin H. SI'Carthy compares with Ibsen, Tiie three plays whioh have brought Iiiin into notioo havo all appeared within the last fivo years, and ono of thom, Fadrcn, a tragedy in throe sots, is stated to be " the most profoundly tragia play that the literature of tho North has yet E reduced, Ibsen's Ghosts not excepted." Strind- erg himself says, " People oali authoritatively for the Joy of Lifo, and theatrical managers call for farces, as though the joy of life consisted in being foolish and in describing peoplo who enoli and evory one nro Buffering from St. Vitus's dance or idiotoy. . I find tho joy of lifo in tho powerful, terrible struggles of life, and tbo capability of experiencing something, of learning something, is a pleasure to mo." A now glimpse of Mulrondy in his everyday existcnac is afforded by Lady Dilko's paper on the distin guished artist, whose pupil sho was, nnd tho oarcor of tho late Prince Victor of Hohcn- lolie, snilor and sculptor, as presented by an anonymous writer, shows that scion of the nnoient German houso to have been a very hard working aristocrat, who, when dis abled for 'active service in tho navy, took up the profession of sculptor as n means of eking out n slender income, nnd achieved both famo and modorato fortune. Marous Olarko and Adam Lindsny Gordon nro the two Australian wri tors singled out by Francis Adams for oi itioism. Of Marous Oiarko's fugitivo writings, apart from his chef d'anivre, For the Term of His Natural Life, bo says that his oBsay on The Future oj tho Australian Face "is , the only tiling yot written about tho Australian civilisation whioh oan bo said to oount at all." But tho feature of tiie Fortnightly on this occasion is a talo by the editor, entitled Profit and'Loss, whioh conolndes tho number. ' ' The scene is laid in the ' United States, and there is a freshness and vcrvo about tho mannor of tolling tho story that recalls Bret Harto moro than any contemporary wrltor. 