THE TRAGEDY OF THORNDYKE HOUSE. BY MARY KYLE DALLAS, ''They called her Pearl because she was so pure and white and pretty, so dainty, so delicate. You could not dream of anything living with less that was coarse about it when she was a baby and while she was a little girl : and if anything she was purer and prettier when she was seventeen, and Hal Algar first met her. It was a pity that he ever came across her path, but the moment she saw him she liked him, and the moment he saw her he fell madly in love with her. Pearl was an orphan by this timr, but shi lived with her grandfather Thorndyke, and iitho apple of hia eye. He was able to do well by her, and shr id a good education and many advantagn?. urally, the old man wished her to marry if .she married at all. Hia little Pean cd too young to think of euoh things, ? he know the ohanging of a girl to t mm was something that bad astonished .leathers sinco the world began. He was .ling that the child should love and be led, and in good time oboose a mate, Hal Algar seemed no mate for her. le did not act hastily ; he made enquiries, found that in that part of the country :nce be came, the young man was spoken 'I oi. He drank heavily at limes ; there .fere very evil tales told of him. And bo, f ben be folt eure that this was true, Grand HherTbotndyke took his Pearl upon his fcieeono eveninc and told* her what Im lind beard, all be dared to telf to euoh an inno cent young orcaturp, and urged her to prc tie him that eho would have no more to do :Mi the young man. Mr '''But, grandpa. I'm engaged to Hal,' 'WtikI gobbed, 'and be baa promised me ;.| oeitr, never, never to do anything wild altor I im hie wife.' 'Such promises amount to nothing,' old Ckotndyke said. ' Lot him turn over a new .il and retrieve the past before he marries jod. Why, if for two or threo yeais ho leads -n upright life and iB sober and all a man loold Ijf, I'll, give my consent, though I n't call him a gentleman : not quite. Tel) im that, but break off now, (Jive him baok (premise and tell him that i say be must .oomo here any more just now.' Pearl wept, but bIio had never been dis eilient in all her life, and did not know ft- to bc^rin ; and linally sho told Hall par what her grandfather had Baid, ano '.'?$io mitpf come uo moro. ?? ' i tocu it more quietly than Bho had If ^cd that ho could. £;. rhoBe fellows over at — ? are jealous i'- Jf,' ho said. ' They've revenged thoni r,' .he by telling a lot of Hep, No matter ; it :(? on love me 1 don't care. I can't come here [t nlil tho old man relent, of course, but w- ? ' i manage to meet elsewhere.' ?: /Oh, that 1'to promised not to do,' sobbed Si. 'You keep ycur promiees, do you ?' asked # ''? f 1',7,mus'1' c(?i(3 Pearl - ' I 'hJnk ''' riehr.' ;. lou promised to marry me then, you :( ?member,' said Hal. S .'I1 wi'- whenever grandpa eajB I may,' ?;; ,'Or if he should die and be unable to :i !Pr«a hia opinion ?' said Hal. if ''Don't !' (jaeped Pearl. ' Dear grandpa.' ?0- All men nro mortal,' said Hal. 'No t,( '«r. Besides this, you promised to go '?'?; A me to tho ball at the Lyoeum-Hall.' ;' I know,' said Pearl. '1 ' is next Wednesday,' said Hal, ' and t- oust iniint on your doing as you pro ';,: 'l.ll I can,' said Pearl. 'Of ocurae, 1 | j to go ; I have my dress made, but 1 '{-. ,° .to °2 aly and seoret with grandpa. 4 -J'i jnet .for onoe, and after that we must X /' unt' no Eiwb us leave to meet again,' . *S8i yes,' said Hal, who had no intan 0 'of allowing the girl to be so obedient, 1 « Old not wiBh to frighten her : ' I only I '«i°.r lne bal1- I'll have a oarriaga at tht -? ra oi the looust grove at nine o'olook — quite I. iny enough, and your grandfather alway. fs to bed at that hour. Bring a cloak and '. nt b0 frightened. You can get tho latoh ; '^ee,'aaid Pearl. ' After all, it is not \- ion to meet once more, only onoe more for ?f ?uionR m°ntbs, or perhaps for years.' :. ,»t'll fee about that, ' said Hal to him '? h&?ing no doubt that in the end, if old :'a ,'ndyke proved invu^erable, that he oould ^1 ''. ''catl to Iun away with bim. p\ .'hoy parted. if ? \ Peail,' Mr. Thorndyke said at Rrf -* table, ' did you do aa you pro ekj 'will not oome again until you Bay U] said Pearl. i 'ay Hal Algar met Thorndyke in the II depokotohim. K I ib hard on me, sir,' he said. |:l ' i tho eld man, who ootild be very stern El..* Di P'oaeed, told him hia mind. H i t oomprehendod that he had heard the n 1 worst there was to tell aboin him, and Jm A eood authority. H ^A man may wash his hands and repent.' |l»»Bia, |l 'Aye !'' said old Thorndyke. ' But your riM-ands v?ill soarcrly get white enough to touoh |MoypOBtl.» |fl *8»in tho thought : ' You aro an old man !-? :ltl may die,' onme into Hal Algar'a mind, rVl ~. Jn'j walked away in silcnoe. ! I ?' ^ei'nefl(iay evening oomo a oarriage : 9 ' ?'nr the locust grove, and to it came '? ?'AatB all in white; and Pearl and :? cpo'liapa the handsomest couple on ?? ith^'night. ? iwo o'olook old Grandfather Thorndyke ?'? -and eat up in bis bed, liBtoning to a H ouge noiee. Surely that was the outer ?L ?' oreakiuQ on ita hinges, surely those WIV stepa in the rooms below. Onoo before IK . ?e'y'«mhouno had been entered, and ? nad been bound to tho hcd-poBt. Ho was H ? assured that the uxoiteinent of that ? ft had ehortened hia wifo'd life. H -' 'icy ate hero again, or nny of their U a, Husy aUu buvu Uiu wo: si of it,' he ? *?-» toliiinceH, nmloiio clutched ihe pistol ?'' Binoo thui linio Im bad alwuyd kept ? ler hia pillow, and clipping on ins old ? 'nog gswn, Btole ou} into the pbhbbpb. Tho old hoardB oreaked in toll-tnle fashion under his feet aa ho oropt to tho top of tho stairs. '. The moonlight shone upon him through tbo window near him, but tho hnll was in darkness, ' Who is there?' ho asked. There wbb no answer. Tho stairs ran lown into the. broad .lower hall, the outer k or was almoBt at their foot ;. he oould see '?othing, but ho surely hoard a atep. Some ono bad touohed tho Innlr nt the oor ; ,it opened, he Baw, or thought he s^w ? man standing on tho threshold, and flroil. * fall followed the Bound of the shot, and all was silent, Trembling with agitation tho old man wont 'Bt-k to his room and groped about for matohee and a oandle. When he found them ho was almost unable ?o BtriVo a light. Tho thought that he had perhaps killed Bome ono unnerved him. Tho silenoo there in the hall where sotne i.hing lay motionless was terrible. At last, tho oandle quivering in bis graep ??e orept down-stairs and knelt upon the lion where Bomeone lay ooverod with a greatol o'-h CIOBK, Some one— a woman not a man— a woman i With a wild shriek of, ' 3od have mercy on tic I ho tore the oloak away and saw Pear) ittired in evening drees of white and blu--. Pearl, with roses in her bolt, and tho whiu an and silver-edged oard. Baribbled full of oartners' names, by her Bide, Pearl, as slu md deTnced at the ball, only that the eyes were {luiscd and tho lips frozen, and the roses ^OBked with her heart's blood. His little Pearl ! only sho was deaf to hie .?norms and cries, and blind to tho anguish in ?iis face. Pearl, only that she was don''. Dead, and ho had killed her. Ho quite understood that she had disobeyt d bim and gone with Hnl Alger to the ball, and thot it was her entrance into the house that be had taken for that of a burglar. He eaw how it had nil happened, and no words onn desoribo his woe and horror. His cries awoke the neighbourhood, Soon he was surrounded by those who listened to nis tale with pity and Borrow. Still in their Hearts thev blamed bim for firintr mithni-.t making Bure that a burglar was really in tht aouse. And there were a few, not many, *Jbo doubted biB story, nnd fanoied that id iis wrath at Pearl'a disobedience, he had killed her. In tbo morning the ooroner'B inquest was held. Tho old man eeetned going mad. Death bad robbed bim of many dear one?, *nd his life waa so nearly at an end, that be might have borne the Iobb bravely ; but tbt ihoupht that he had killed her was too terrible. His moans rent tho air ; he ooul'i scarcely answer intelligibly. ' I have killed her I ' was all be oould say. 'lam her murderer I ' Listening to him, and gazing at his fair ?iotim, strong men wept, and women felt an .houfili their hearts mU6t break. Suddenly all were silent. Every eye was Used upon a figure that strode into the room. It was Ha'i Alger, pale and dishevelled. Hal ilgor, who, 88 many knew, had been danoing ' U tho ball with this sweet, dead girl only a cw hours before, who at one time had been her accepted lover. Ilo stepped forward toward tbo ooflin and ^azed down up in tho marble features of iib 'Dtntue. xcen tie turned towards tno oorc ner. 'I wish to give my testimony,' he said. 'Old Jlr, Thorndyke. ia innocent of that -tweet angel's blood. Even by accident he iid not Bhed it. II was I who killed her. Listen, and I will tell you how it was. We and returned from tho ball, and I had left ler. Halt- way down the path I fouud her pretty bandkerohief lying on the ground, ?ind returned to give it to her. I could see nothing of her, and hung it upon one of the pegs of tho rack, 'Still I lingered, hoping for one more tdieu, and as 1 did so, I saw by the light oi i window in the upper ball, that Mr. Thoru ilyke was standing nt the top of the 'tnire. ' My first thought wae to esoapo as quickly iB possible. Not guessing that ho was armed, [ opened the door ; as I did so I saw the old man lilt a pistol and take aim at me. In a ilash the thought came : I will kill him, and notiung wtii stand between me nud napps nesB. Ho takcB me for a burglar, and dtb'ete .viJl-ijiccy him the victim of burglnre. ' We lired simultaneously. His bullet ...aesed over my shoulder, grazing my car, as you can ecc. 1 saw Pearl rush out of tht yarlour and throw up her aims, but I did not dream that I bad killed her, My only dread was that she would reoogniBe mo. ' I went homo at onoe, as if directly from (he ball and only beard what had happened ibis morning. Yee, it was I who ki'lod my little Poarl. And now that I've dono my duty and saved that poor old man eome . emorco, I'll go to join her.' Before he could be prevented, Hal Alger nad drawn a pistol from his pooket, put it to his templo, and lired. They buried theeo two lover sido by Bide in the old graveyard, and Pearl's grandfather lived but a few years longer* But since bis death no one oan be induced to oooupy Ihorndyke Uouso. ? They say it is haunted, and tell a story ol a lovely ghost in ball dreEs, who, often a9 the dock strikes two, is seen to stand at the foot of the hall stairs, throw up hor hands, and vanish with a low wail of agony. 