POINTS. Tim Toowong Rowing Olub hold theii regatta on Saturday under very advorso cir cumstances. The day was dismal, . and tho umpiro's boat was about' fast ono'ugh to head a duck. It is douhjful whether tlioso on hoard tho Sir Charles Cowper, thoso on shoro, or thoso at tho -winning post saw the raco to tlio best ad vantage. In spite of tho difficulties, the club had a good afternoon's sport. Db. Points noticed on Saturday last some piles of Telegraphs going" out of tho office, addressed for London. His curiosity led to an inquiry, and he found that they wore for distribution amongst newspapers and members of Parliament; be- cuuso they contained the unabridged text of the now kanaka regulations. Mb. Schey wanted to know if he could not make a liowspnpcr editor givo up tho ghost of anamo of a correspondent. The judgo thought that Mi. Schoy, who aon do many wonderful tilings, could not do that. The Prince and Princess of Wales and family _ will attend the celebration of tho golden wedding of tho lung and Queen of Denmark, but will . bo absent from tho festivities. Must draw the lino'somowhero. ' The Aborigines' Protection Sooiety of Eng-' land has denounced tho revival of kanaka labour, in Queensland ns a cruel and dobasing form of slnvory, deolaring that recruiting is simply kid- , „ napping and stealing. It is not remarkable, perhaps, that these good people do not givo ono thought to possible Buffering Quconslanders in this case. A PabIiIajibntabt party will leavo Sydnoy on Juno 20 for tho Cobar district, whoro the mem bers will spend some days in inspecting the rabbit-infested country. I'msis only onco moro. Bunny has been in spected a good many times already. The Queensland eight attended churoh at, St. John's, Bulimbn, last night. These ntldetio Christians — all heavy weights — proved to' be too muscular for the slender pew railings — hence their untimely fall in the middlo of the sorviec. ' Tim loud ohattering of ladies in tlie Opera House dress circle was a sourco of annoyance to moro attentive auditors. On Saturdny night last, ono lady, in spite of tho apparont remonstrance of a friend, con tinued her conversation with tho dude beside her. These gossips will be taught a severe lesson ' by tho pittites ono -of these fino nights. At a meeting of a committco of tho Mel bourne Chamber of Manufactures the other day, when ovidonce ns to tho oauses of tho de pression in trude was being taken, a witness, who is a boot manufacturer, naivoly remarked, That "ho believed that in tirno the local trade could compote against nil kinds of im portations, but it could not bo (lono bo long as tho trade was restricted to Viotoria." Shall fire in Oswego, Amorica ; damages. £200,000. Shall flood on tlio. Mississippi, America ; damages, £2,000,000. Some costly bait being lot. down to catoh tho British oleetor. One probable candidate hopos oleotors will not demand excessive pledges. The groat thing is to get them to promise enough. In France thoy appear to bolievo that an injured husband may shoot his enomy, and that that is preforablo to seeking divorce. Shall hurricauo at Mauritius ; 1,200 lives lost. 1 When tho Ointra, with Messrs. Gribblo and Tyson on board, was leaving the wharf on . Saturday afternoon, tho sight of a number of weeping kanakas attracted no littlo attention. A nYSTANDEB remarked that if Mr. ' Tyson" ' can succeed in gaining tho attachment of the aborigines of tho north as effectively ns ho has . sooured the friendship of tho South Sea Islanders of Brisbane, lio will prove himself a successful missionary indeed. On Thursday tho Ear) of 'Hopetoun turned, tho first sod of tho trench for tho main outfall sower at Windham, this being tho initial work of tho schomo for tho pcrfcot soworage of Mel bourne. ' ' - When will thoso Melbourne folk bo satisfied P Tlioir sowago system yields tho strongest odour of any system in tho world, excepting Cairo, which cannot be beuteii. It is said that Mr. Gladstone has promised a deputation of Liberals that his sohemo of Irish Homerule sliull ombody an imperial prohibi tion of all ccclesinstical establishments, or of preference being givon to any particular oburoh. Do you beliovo it? "General orders" havo been issued for a parado of tho Working Boys' Brigade in the Gurdons to-morrow afternoon. The orders ns to uniform are said to be " buro feet and patched pants." The happy-go-easy way in which oldj ladies "jump" reeorvod seatH at theatres and con certs oomauds tho attention of managors. On Saturday night at tho Opera Houbo a party of fivo was broken up in eonsequenco of tho persistent, not to any polite, roftisal of an elderly foinalo and hor two friends to quit three, of tho fivo reserved seats. The ushers could do nothing with her — short of foroiblo removal — and she remained mistress of tlie situation, „ 