Women's Christian Temperance Union. ANNUAL MEETING. ADDRESSES ON "PROHIBITION," "WOMAN SUFFRAGE," AND "SOCIAL PURITY." The annual meeting of the local branch of the Women's Christian Temperance Union was held in the School of Arts on Thursday even ing last. There was a fairly good attendance. Mrs. Payne president of the Ipswich branch was in the chair, and there were also on the platfrom Miss A Horne (secretary), Mrs. Greenham (treasurer), Mrs. B. W. Hargreaves, Mrs. Popple, and the Revs. P. Robertson, W. Brown, and W. Smith. Along the front of the platform wers arranged some rare speci mens of pot plants. BSaspended from the table and facing the audienoe were the worda "W.C.T.U. The Lord of Hosts is with us. Ipwisch," on a ehleald-absped graond of blue, with a white border, whioh had been kindly preented to the Union by Miss Trottman. Mbin Bonn then read the seventh aunasl report, which was an follows: u Oor hearts are ftlled with thankfinenss to Cod as we review the work of the past year. UIader His blessing steady progress has been mnade and new lines of work taken op, and the thought that hitherto the Lord hath helped ns snoonrages us to go on in the forare. WIttthe beginning of the year, we had on or roll 150 working and forty-eight honorary mcnbers. Present returns show 140 working and fortpyeight honorary members. " Twenstyfoaur ordinary meetings have been held during the year, with an average attend anoe of ergoteen. Teo sooial gatherings, two publio meetings, end one special prayer-meet ing have saleo been held. "The anonual publio meeting was held in the -ohool ol Arts on September 10th, 1891, and was very suocessfnl. Alderman Hargreaves gresided, the attendanoe was large, and ad dresses were delivered by several ministers of the town. The seoond publio meeting was held, in the same place, on May 19th, 1892, in ceonnetion with the scientifio temperanoe ex amination. The exemination took plane in the Centmral Girs' Sohool, when forty-ceven child ren oompeted ms compared with twenty-three who came forward in a similar etaminatioc lat year. Thole under eleven years of age ware e?amined on the frst ix obhapters of Dr. iolharduon's Temperanoe Lesso.Blook, under fourteen on the frt fifteen chepters, and over itonrteen on the frit twenty ohapters. The paper were kiedly judged by Mr. A Muir and Lro Joseph Hargreaves, and the prizes were diatribeted at the publio meeting by Mrs. runtmall, who also presided. " A sooid gathering was held on the oocasion '., Mrs. Britten'e visit in Deoember Lat, when sheb gave a most interesting address, but the attendanoe was small, owiog to the threatening aspeot of the weather. A very iaaoessfulslocial was held on April 28th, in commemoration of Cruasde Day. The attendance was large, aend stirring addresses were delivered by several ministers, one result of the meeting being that -sventeen new names were added to the roll. "'Two thouesand nine hundred tracts, leaflete, a?d papers have been distributed during the gear. This inoluded several publioations of bhe London Peace Society, five copies of the 'nion Bignol received monthly, and tracts on health, womanhood sffrage, and uonial pority, besdes the ordinary Gospel and temperanoe tracts. A large quantity of literature has also been distributed by means of railway bhg, and esveral tract districts are taken up and system atically visited by members of the Union, while teaporanoe lessons to the number of 400 have been supplied to the various Sunday-eohosle, and we truest will be the means of doing mnoh sood. "Five mothers' meetings are held weekly in connection with our Union. The attendance varies mech, ranging from twenty-three to half-a-dczen, and they are not only a help to those who, by reason of home duties, find it 41loIlt to get to a place of worship, but have also been the means of leading some to personal deeiioun for Ohrist We are sglad to acato that a ral live union has been organised from the mothers' meeting hold in Silketone, and has already done good work in that quier little imbarb. 'The mission to cab, 'bs, and dray men han been well enstained, 1050 tracts and leaf les, and 950 button-hole bouquets having mane distributed. The police barraoe have aleo been visited, and 840 traots and leaflets and 225 bouquete supplied. "In the department of social parity, litera tare beuring on the subject has been oironlated, but there is still a gresat deal to be done, and mwe are hoping that a great deal of goad will arsult from the visit of Dr. Bushnell to our town. "Our loscal Superintendent of Peace and hrbitration wrote to the ministers of the various Churohes, asking .them to preaoh ser mosuns bearsing on the suenbjeot, and in nesrly every ilstonoe the request was gladly acceded to, Literature on the subjeost hte alo been cioulated in this department. "The Bfower-mission to the Bospital has been maltalned, 903 bouqueta havingl been supplied. There is a marked falling-off om Swith previona years for various reasons. Sill the Itosltoion hbs been regularly visited, eada speeial visit was paid at Ohristmas, when ltteSs of sympathr, Christmas oards, and bouquets werepreeseated to the patients. " A Christmas present of fruit wans also sent Sthe patients at Sandy Gallop Asylum. " Drawing.room meetinmgs have been held during the year, and they are the means of interesting many who do not come to our ordinary meetings. ' One afternoon meetinog was devoted to tihe diecueesion elof the franchise, but we hope in future to make this a more prominent feature of our work, as we feel our usefolanes i saedly hindered through lack of voting power. " Special work taken up was the holding of a stall near the fountnain on Christmas Eve, at which temperanoo literature was sold and dise tributed. Temperance drinks were also sold, and twenty asignatures to the pledge wore ob tained. " In consequoence of a rumoar that it was the intention of a former hotel-keeper of our town toapply for a club license, a petition pray ling that it should be withheld was circulated among the ratepayere of the North Ward. This was signed by many of the inlaential ratepayere ot that ward with the reenilt that the application was not presented. " Oar local papers kindly publisheb all reports which are sent to them, for which our thanks are due, as we believe this to be a powerlnl agent in keeping up a0 interest in our work. " Oar great need is more workers; women full of faith and of the Holy Ghost, who will throw heart and soul into thework. We pray that the Lord of the harvest will raise up many esuch, who will laboor with ns for God, home, and humanity." Mrs. Paarn said ahe thought that the report meest be looked upon as a very eatiefactory one, seeing the fewness of their active workers. There was a great deal to be done, and they felt their great need of more workers. The Union was non.sectarian and all were welcome. It was broader than any chorch- broad as the love of God-and she hoped that the ladies who had not joined it wonld do so. She was snre that if they looked into the Union they could find no fault with it. Whatever they bad tried to do had been attempted in the strength of God and in His same, and they hoped to do a great deal more in the future than had been done in the past Mr. J. W. Ingram having sang "Lord, remember David," Mrs. PaYNE said that it was the desire of the Union to endeavouar to educate the people on the necessity for reform with re gard to certain of their laws, hence they ead asked the gentlemen who would sob sequently address them an certain subjects to do so with that object in view. She had thoughtsometimesthatin ooonseotion with bands of hope there was too mocb done in trying to amnuse children instead of endeavouring to educate them. The first subject to be spoken opon wonld be "Prohibition," and the Union felt that nothing eabort of that would do. In aooordance with the voice of the people two publi-bhoouse had been aloaned in North Ipso wieh, and yet, right against the wish of the people, a club license had been granted. A club was tenthonsandtimesworse thanapablic bonae, as drink could be got at all times of the day and night, Sunday incladed. Only that day a man had asked if nothing could be done to put down snobh insatitotions, as by them many of their young men were being ruined, etay ing at the plase all bonrs of the night drinking and gambling. Nothing would no but total abstinence for the individual hand prohibition for the State. It was quite time that a Government in a Christian land should cease to try and rega late evil. If thing were wrong no amount of licensing would make it right. Instead of lioensing and trying to regulate an evil, the Government ahbold try and stamp it ent. (Hear, hear.) Scoial purity was another topio which would he referred to. In connection with that matter there was a certain law in the country which should be wipedfrom the statute book, and they wers going to do what they could to edncate public sentiment in that direo. tion. The third snbjeot would be woman engfage which was perbhap an nopopular one, but she felt that before probhiition were gained women would have to be granted the franchise. There were hundreds of women who senffered more or less directly through drink who would be only too glad to vote to have it stamped out of the land. Only the other day, in the Boouse, the amount which had been spent in drink in the nolony during the past year was referred to as £2 000,000. Sorely it was time that snobh a thing were put a stop to. If that money had been spent in endeavonring to make homes happy, how mnch better things would be. (Applanse). Mrs. GEnehNrRA (treasurer) read a detailed statement of the receipts and expenditure dnr. ing the year, which showed at the present time a bank balance of £14, with oash in hand £5 Os. Id., giving the actaal credit balance at £10 9s. Id. Tlhe Rev. P. ROBnTvo0r, after expressiog the pleasure that he felt in being present that night, said that what the ladies wanted was individual prohibition and national prohibition. Many years ago he had no sympathy with the latter, bht then the SBootch people were behind in that matter. They believed in individual prohibition, the destroying of the tree by the destruction and withering -of the branches; bnt the English people wanted to go further, and pllok this tree of evil out by the roots at onoe, and have done with it, and that was certainly the best plan. Personal prohibi tion he looked upon as the duty of every follower of the Lord Jesns Christ, so that an example could be set to those who might be. oome the slaves of drink. National prohibition he believed in--firat, for the sake of the weak, for those who were unable to abstain from tak ing drink when they soold get it. Those that were strong onght to bear the infirmities of the weak. There were multitudes who had no power over themselves when brought face to face with temptation, and it was the duty of those who were not slaves to take away the stnmbling- block from the path of their other brethren. Where the Anglo.Saxon race had settled, he did not think that there was snoh a stambling.blook as that of drink. Knowing this, then, as children of God, there was no other coorse open to them but to get national prohabition. If tbey did not do that, how were they going to esoape the condemnation of God ? The oolony had one of the beet laws in force in the world for the aseonring of prohibition. The decision arrived at in Ipswich not long ago seemed a moet extraordinnry thing. What they wanted was to go in for total prohbibition, to save those weak ones whom so many unscropolons persons were trying to drag down. No stone habold be left ontarned to gain their end. He felt sorry for the men and women who were engaged in the awful drink traffic. It was a fearful thing to have to face God with the consequences of the drink traffio to bear witness against a person at the great judgment. Although he believed that many took up the business with the intention of carrying it on honestly, the trafflo had a de moralizing effeot. If the poor slaves to drink weie to receive no sympathy from those who above everybody else were ion a position to help them, then they must get this national pro hibition. Tbe engaging in the sale of drink seemed to destroy that spirit of oars and sym. pathy for others which was the root of all the good in the land. The president had spoken on the woman snffrage question, but he soarcely knew whether he was converted to thator noo. He did not believe that a woman was less cap able of exeroising a vote than a man, bat his idea was that it would bring their lady friends out into an arena which would be likely to des troy verymunobof thatwhich we all looked forin them, Still. for the present neosesity at lass, ladies aought to be granted a vote, and certainly if he had any inflonence he would anpport the e tending of the franchise to them. Without giv ing the ladies that power he did not see how they were going to get rid of the drink oures, or gain their support in other great movements on which the foundation of the national pros. perity of the coontry rested. He belseved that they would have the lranohine before long. The awful waste of money in drink was another argument in favour of national prohibition. Two million pounds had been spent in drink least year. That snm would give 20,000 men work at £100 per annum. He did not snppose that there were more than 4000 men idle in the colony, so that from the com mentioned a bal ancoe of £1,060,000 would be left for distribution amongst eharitable institutions. God was on their side, and if the Christian Churches and Christian indivadnals would recognise their re sponsihility in the matter and so aenoordingly, this osrre would soaon be stamped out of the land, (Applse.) A song, " The Mighty Deep," was then con tributed by Mr. J. E. Greenham, following which was a selection on the piano by Miss Fox, after which a solo was given by Miss E. Foote. The Rev. W. Brown then delivered an ad dress on the social purity question, prefacing his remwrks by bearing testimnony to the good that hbaI followed the work done in Ipswich, and he believed all over Qlensnland, br the visit of Dr. Kate Bushnell. On that occasion aoertain Act had been referred to, which he desired to allude to, showing the position of the State towards crime whilst it was in force. The underlying principle of the Act was State reguolatioo of vice. The very fact of an endeavour being madeto regulateviceplacedthe State in the position of an accessory before the fact to immorality. It was not possible to escape from that conclasion. On the oath of a police man that he believed that a certain person was following a life of immorality, that preeon would be subjected to certain periodiscal examinatioos. The object of tbatexamination waes not to help the woman to reform. or re monstrate with her about the coarse she was following, but simply to ascertain whether it safe for her to pursue such a course. The fact was the State recognised immorality in makirg itsafe for those men whooommittedimmorality. How could they expect the blessing of God as a people when theyp were accessories before the fact to the commission of immorality. Another serious matter was that the State regulation of vice involved the State recognition and enoouragement of it. It simoly meant a regulation trying to save men from the con sequenoes of their own wrong-doing. These faots had a dbgrading effect. Yonog men would look upon it as right if it were recognised by the State. That State regulation coat them an evil which could not be controlled, for the passions could not be fed without burning with more strength. Coold the State that pro fesed to regulate vice, guarantee that any of their sioters or daughters wouad not be burned in the fire ? Another thought which presented itself was that the highest interests of women were sebjected to the baaest passions of men. All through men had shown their unfaithful. nes to the trust imposed in them by legislation, and it was high time that women had some thing to do in the making of the laws. That dreadful examionation had the effect of harden ing the character terribly. Another thing which might be noticed wasee that a woman was not allowed to again return to decency with out the decision of a justice of the peace. It was high time that such an Act were blotted from the statute book, or they mast hide their heads before the whole world. He would call for the no operation of all persons in that direc tion. He was pleased to hear tshe President of the Union state that they were going to take the matter up this year. In view of the forth coming general election the present was a most opportnne time for the bringing of esuch a matter up. He wanted their friends to keep in mind that they were laying the foundation of a future nation, and let them see that tbhe fonudstion of their social life was laid upon truth and uprightaeer. If not, their sooiallife would yet crumble and fall. (Applause.) Mrs. Brown and Miss Paine having song the doett "Oh lovely peace," The Rev. W. 8ntra spoke on the woman suffrage question. First he argued that as woman was an essential part of humanity, and as man and woman had been created on an equality, she should have equal privileges with man. The second reason why a woman ashould be granted the franchise-yes, and go so far as to sit in the Legislative hall-was becanuse she, as a citizen, had to obey the laws, or else go to gaol. When it came to paying taxese, women was a oitlzen with a vengeance, but when it came to a vote for representatives in the Legie lative Assembly she must stop there. It was simply absurd. He oould not see why women should be classified with idiots, criminals, and lunatics in this respect. Women had to suffer by the laws of she country, and already they had had that abominable C. D. Act referred to, and they should on that account have power to vote and the sight to enter Parliament. Another reason whioh might be advanced wee that women naturally were rulers. How many of their greatest menooald attribute their asacess to the influense of their mothers. John Ruskin was largely what he was to-day through the influenoce of his mother, and he was not ashamed to acknowledge that fact. Why should not this element of ruling be exercised in another sphere? It was said that politics were too dirty for women to meddle with. That, then, was a strong point against male safferage. Men had made a pretty mess of politica, and it wanted women to cleanEc, wash, and purge such matters. Send them into Parliament, and they would make the immodest men modest, (Applause.) Mrs. PaYNt esid that all tney wanted was a right to have a vote to say who should make the laws which they had to obey. They asked for protection for their girls, and in referring to the age of oonsent, said that the only conutry in the world where sach age was put st twenty one years was where the franchise had been extended to the women, recognising that when a woman was considered capable of exercisioag a vote, she had also arrived at the age when she could be held responsible for consent to her own ruin, With respeot to the petition which had been sent in to the Qaeensland Parliament asking that the age of consent should be raised, some of the members had said things for which they ought to be well ashamed. Sir Thomas M1llwraith had said thata lot of women had sent a petition in and did not know what they wanted, but she (the speaker) coold say that they did know. They wanted their homes end children protected, and they had a right to say what men hbould make the laws of tshe land. There were Aots on the statute book which were a disgrace. On behalf of the Union she had to thank one and all who had sseisted at the meeting that night. The singing of the doxology and the pro. noonoing of tee benediction brought the meet ing to a close. The accsompaniments daring the evening were played by Mr. E. Lloyd. 