NOVEL . .. v ' ". ' ' ' A Fair ' Blockade- Breaker. BY- T. C. BE LEON. OH AFTER I.-— CoNTimrBD. The snow was beginning to fall more rapidly now, — though not yet a decided storm. They came = suddenly round a bend . in the road ; one misty shedow crossed tbe gray-gleaming haze before them, — a sodden , -change of arms,— and the officer spurred Jheai-jiathe challenge rang out.- Greene the"flergeant7-and next moment' the. little party, was galloping by, the flikes falling : crisp and cold, hut more rapidly now, and Evan, soldier-like, again dropping to the rear. " 4 What sort of a horse did General Stuart .ride P' Greene' asked, euddenlv breaking silence. / A heavy chestnut;. with! white mane and' tail,' Mis;, Clay answered. - 4 And the chief of staff rode a big bay,' the Carolinian added. ' Those horses wete in front of General Hampton's tent when I IwentJ for: final instructions from Colonel Fraacr this morning. — Fauntleroy,' he turned, in his . saddle as., the scout drew, up, ' Speahiriglessferniliirly, and with /authority in jt he. tone, 4 a half-mile beyond is my ad- : vance post. How many miles further lies your ' Ferry ' ?' Seven, sir, ' the scout replied, promptly. fTJmph ! not an hour's spin; Kespyour! ;eyes about yon, then. There may be strangers on tbe road Miss Clay would pre fer not to meet.' ' All right, sir.' Evan replied, nnnfid«n!i»— \- - — Wo7fa<rtn nave good eyes, know every foot of .the road, and ..both horses - have good "wind. We're, as good. .at. running, as . at fighting, sir. But thank you all the aame.' > I Arid again the scout fell to rear ; and the silence of night was unbroken, save by fitful -gusts of liver wind that crackled tbe lesfless trees. So, for several minutes, the two dashed ahead, the ground rising into higher blufe, and the road widening as the woods opened more.. And as the river wiad gained freer play about the chilled riders it sent the _ jtoowrfiakes about their heads softer, larger, and in dizzier whirl, coating the groand lightly, though not enough to muffie the hoofs ringing in unison on the hard clay. '- /Pull up !" the officer cried, suddenly ; and, as the other horses fell into slow canter "at the -command, ho touched .his own with the spur and turned from . the. open. road into a clump of treea on the hill-top. The quick ears behind him caught the ring of arms brought to a ' ready,' then quiokly back to s 'carry,' as he reappeared. ' This ends my line, he said to Eanntle- roy. 4 Brit I'll ride a ' bit further with' yon Mile Clay, and take a' look- up the road.' . ; On again in silence for one mile,— two, — \- three. Then the Carolinian, with evident reluctance, drew rein; loan go no further, ' he said. 4 Good-' byyMiss Oi&y; ; and God speed your mission ! I only hope r may be again on picket when you come back with. the. medicines and— '.-he paufled. an. toitenf, adding, significantly— . 4:lhe news.-rGood-by, M-. Farintleroy, and good- luck to you I' Then, -with a parting grasp. ;of the, hand to each, the officer wheeled his horse and galloped hack, as: the venture some cousins sped awayar beyond the Con federate lines. -? -. -v"r." CHAPTER II. 0-'£ HACB; FOB FEEJ?DOH. '/Thai's a soldier and a gentleman, Cousin ' Car 0' JE.van said, : as .they . spun along. ' Good, taste,, too-; . rhasn't ; heP - 'Pon -my. wqrdji'he seemed .hard bit; and inthe dirk, too, !'_ And the light-hsarijed fellow laughed, asthongh, war. were not "and .enemies .were read oio'niy to toe fairy-tales. t ./Don't, be a goose, Evan !' Miss . Clayve- torjfced, half amnsed in spite of her anxiety 4 And don't make snob a noise. What a boy ypu are I . Uo you know, she added, son- ouslyi ' I am really worried about this news ? If General Jab had only been: in cirnp ! . Oh, Evan, should I miss that boat to-night, Fairfax may die before I can get over and back ! . And poor mother ! Ton know kow worn and /nervous she is with nursing and; anxiety. Should she obance 1o: beVr. of Yankees on the road,- her fears, would corijtoe/up capture, prizon, — .worsen—for. .!/:!: r> ;; ... - : ... ' Why, obzj,. wbat's.ibe use of ! -.borrowing trduble ? See 'that fort away .to the left? Tlijit is. put topee miles to. 4 the" Ferry ;' an/ tbe horses are as fresh as — — ' 4 What is that glow over by the river, — to the right ? ..No,;.- there.!' Miss. Clay broke in, pointing impatiently. -A : faint, pinkish haze showed dimly, through the whirling snow -flakes,— a steamy glow; rather than A light.. . The.soout gazed steadily in the. direction awhile;' then., ans/ wered, placidly!,— /5 /' 4 N or thern lights, may bo ; but I'm no dab -./ - att astronomy. Sjiems pretty/low, : ihoupli.. f Pdaaps tbere'STjrh afire in that bottom,' ' 5 Ik is afire, the girl ' replied/ 'See Jit expands and falls. 'Evan, can it bo a camp- firef " /. " V./' . 'Not much!' he' answered,, lightly. We'r e 'way beyond/our ,'lines; and -surely no Ya" ks crrald.camp so near them without. our/tobtrts'"ttowledge. By Jove, Cousin Caro, ;;I. really believe jibe Legion 1 man has! .made you nervous!' i Cantiori arid nervousness are not akin, as an older, soldier would; know/ Miss Clay retorted, ra'her coldly. ' I hs.ire.too much- at stake to risk &nv; danger J on avoid. Ob", Evan, I must' get to Baltimore to-moiiow !' ' Arid do you shall, you dear, brave girl !' the boy, answered, confidently. ; 4 £leetha$ : open hill-top : just beyond P £ From that we .strike the last fork of this trail,— good road; and a short mile down-hill to 4 the. Ferry.'; It can't be much past .midnight ; and old; Pete has orders to wait till the very last; minute be dares, : before dawn. BracepyrT coz ! You've been over this same trjib-ffcreej times ' ; 4 And never felt a shadow jofdoubt before,'; she interrnpted, addingttith a sigh that; -would come, 4 It jajaeeauee I have so muob; more at stake than ever before. But it'isi neasly over, thank God I / , The steaming horses' breaBted the hill; bravely and xeaohed the open crest: Ah. easy slope led away into abroad, white road,; now wdl carpeted with winter's wool. Just; at its foot, a narrow belt of trees stretoned; away to- the left, leayiug the black; river, plainly visible from -the bold bluffs to the, right, and through- those trees out a nsrrpw- road, dark and chsmal through the broader! fdeain of 'the jubw-haae, now1' ibarpe"1e«ij light than day./ " : i There ! Blis's Folk, — just one mile to! the landing !' cried the seont, as they raced" -at speid-'down the 'sandy dope and nearly j up to the bisecting trail, the! hoof -beats j jSoging no longer, but thudding dffil on the: dampened sand. ' ! Suddenly with one impulse both riders! wrenched their horses' mouths.so fiercely as j to bring them almost to tbeir haunches. , Then both sat like statnes,- their nooks, strained forward; ears bent eagerly towards | the woods road, just ahead. In the deed i stillness, tbe deep breathing of the steamib'g ; horses was the only sennd, save, -to'lhein, ! tbe quick beating of tbeir own hearts. So, for seconds that seemed ages. Then; the scout whispered low, as though in! answer to a question,— " 4 Yes; hoofs!' 'S-sb! clank of sabres ! Quiok ! into the trees ! Quick ! Go softly.' Both horses were tnvnei simultaneously mto the soreen of trees, well back from the gleam of the open road ; and Evan Fauntle- roy, placing' himself between tbe gii-l aud , tbe- approaching sounds, leaned from his saddle, straightened her bridle, felt the! roan's bit, and gently stroked his great rieck. Then he rose in his stirrnpa, stre'ohing the cold- cramp out of his legs, braced himself afresh in the saddle; and tested the! chamber of the big revolver drawn from bis holster. The tramp of hoofs was now plainly heard, cut by the olank of sabres,— perhaps five or six,— perhaps a seore. T ' ! 4 Cavalry !' the scout whispered to the . girl 4 Probably onf : scout s ; posiibly— — ' He hesitated only sneoond ; but she calm ly finished for :bim: 4 Averiil's. If so, which way ?' 4 If they're Yauke, they are feeling for oar pickets,' E van whispered back. . 4 They'll go east, over the road . we came. "We can cut through the woods road and dodge them in the bottom ' 'No! If they pass ne,' straight for 4 ibd Ferry ' !' The girl's whisper was calm, but its clear, bell-3ika ring carried oommand not to he gain-said. 4 ' The Ferry, ' then, —if they pass u«,'. tbe man replied, adding, quietly, 4 Put np that thiDg,' He noted tbe motion of her hand, testing the chamber, of a pistol ; and by the gleam of. white skin, he dimly saw,, too, that she had drawn the gauntlet from her pistol- band. 4 Put that np, I say. If they be Yanks, this is a case of -ran, not fight. Listen ; for time is short !' The hoofs were plainly heard now,— a dozen . horses trotting bIowIj towards them, a dozen sabres jingling mexrilj against their-flanks. 4 Listen, and remember., If they see ns, out straight through these woods for the trail they're on now. Follow it straight south, till yon strike a rook fence ; jnmp that/ and you're in an old field, where Blaztr can distance any cavalry horse any Yank owns. If I lose yon in the dark woods, ride to the nigger's hut across the field and turn Blazer loose. Tell Isham, the old nigger, Marse E van said to hide yon all day and be sura to get von -An < " v j ' 1— sgrro; — A.vu"naSaer- " Btand?' " 4 1 do, — perfectly,' the girl replied, still quietly. 4 You mean to fight them off while I run.' All this was quiokly spoken, in whispers, but clearly distinct on eithar side. The. ap- proaching horse had turned into the sandy road, trotting east towards them, not one hundred yards away. For an instant Evan was silent. -' He had combated Carolyn Clay's will-before, and knew its strength. Thn he whispered, — 4 They're on ns ! Promise me, Giro ! Remember your mother ! Remember Fair fax ! It is the only obance. Promise !' There was a choke in the whisper that came baok to him : 4 1 promise !' The stillness of death hung oyer that little belt of woods. Side by side the Southern soldier and the Southern girl sat like statnes, each with eye and ear alert and with firm hand upon the rein. Like statnes the horses stood, their sides scarce heaving now, but with forward- pricked ears, as cogni sant of some danger that might come. And in that stillness tho rustle of snow-flake upon crisp leaf was sharp aod clear. Hoof- muffl-d by damp sand of the little ascent, the stranger horsemen trotted. nearer still. Ghost-like and lilcut they moved into i view, a solitary rider in advance, the moonv ' vapcr rolling round him, — Who seemed the phantom «f a giant ia it. On the troopers moved, — two,— two more, —two again,— until the practised eye'of the jecout counted twelve; taking in, through n'ght andmist, the outline of the cape the ; differing seat, the precise gait, of Feieral : cavalry. ... ! If Evan Fanntleroy knew what fear meant, he certainly had never obeyed the divine in junction sufficiently to; know himself in that" respect. -In the front of the charge, in long iahd lonely feout; in still more "trying test of lying inactive for hours, under he.ivy fire, the boy had even been ntferly dbliyious of 'danger,— had -ever oarried a jest hpon his ; lips. Bat now- beads stood upon1 his brow, jspiteof the piercing cold, and he could hear ; his heart thumping audibly, close under bis- "obin. For never had . greater responsibility 'than his own life — not dounfed ty him— or- a missirig report, because of a bullet, facod him. No w, a woman's safety and freedom | — perhaps her life, for he knew -his cousin' would fight,, or fly, bat never yield— were dependent upon his taot and coolness. i Slowly— taking .ages, it seemed to tho aching brain of. the Confederate— fbe officer trotted by ; slowly one pair of-riders,/- another,— another, — until bis nervous ten sion conld scarce refrain from giving one red-hot ' Ribel yell ' and "dashing out upon them. " Then the seeming endless agony was over; the last riders had ; passed, disappeared, and were ascending -the' hill beyond the hidden watchers; and not a snspicioh had that or- trioh of a scont- oommanderthat his prey had been so near and— m'ssed ! ; Then the Southern wonian— like all her sisters, forgetful of danger, of self, of all save her love's labor — whispered;— 4 Thank God ! we can make 4 the Ferry.' now.' ; " j And in answer, clear and shrill and loud from the road beyond eohoed the ! neigh' of a horse ; and ere ' Evan's quick hand could clinch his reared mnzzle the roan had ans wered full and strong. ' ! No time'to' lose now ! One chanee, and only one ! ' 'Quick! the .woods road ! Remember : aohtb,— the .ftoiueii-ldjptaai' CQmojc'l for yourself !— for Ultte Fairfax i' . : j And in echo cam's from the road,— - : 4 Halt: ! Right about ! Forward. Jj- rTrot ! ' March J' . . . . .. . - ; Instantly tho girl wheeled her horse, trot- ting rapidly between ' trees for9 the narrow road— the reversad scouting-party -moving fast towards them; guided ' "by the neighi Once she turned, oiling,— ' ' 4 Come ! Evan; , you promised ! .. Andthe .hoyanswfflred; cheerily,—. ! 4 Go on! Faster— for Fairfax's, sake,! I. — bb— — bo— — — bb— — coming, d'dffin'g—fhrongK—Krs ' clenched teeth, -4;When I've : held them back long; opnngh to save yon !' . " . j . Thehunder , of close hoofs. was .'.opposite; jibrfi cout; the. Federals, now.; at a -charge,! strung cut as skirmishers along. the road, -to j hem in their ur«r'-n foe. - Without even— &; .glance he knew uitu Liieir carbmea were nn- slang, and the least sonnd-'dulAhringaj volley to drop binn orat of saddle. From the: vantage darkness of Ms covert, he saw. Ike first'four dash by, straight - 'for the -'Utile j trail, for whioh the girl was making, too; ; . Then came the officer, in full career ;. and j Evan, qniokly. wheeling his horse, turned in the saddle and fired at the flying shadows without,— once; twice, — as they , came: intoj view. Then came a bait, a rush, of quick- j changed hoofs, and the crisp- -twigs; of the i trees about bim hurtled around his:' .ears, as | l six carbines simultaneously spoke that, their j covey was' flashed::- "Through.- ithap snow- \ dimmed woods he.saw- them crashj- he sit ting motionless/ half tnrhed,in: saddle,-:hia left hand firmly, feeling the bit. Hie rnee bad told. . He hid' teva off ; pursuit' from the girl; and: even then hie trained ear oanght the beat. of Blazer's hoofs ; upon thohardroad behind;! She bad. gained j "the trail and-.a quarter-mile start ! - Nowjfor ; himself ;! for the foremost Federal was With in twenty yards of bis still nnseen foe; A flash of the heavy pistoh a sound be- ' twixt a groan and a ronr, - and the Yankee'a horse, plunged forward to bis . knees, rolUng his rider in: the snow. A touch of the spur, a shake of the bit, and Evan's -blsok— rwell trained to that kind of ..work— was dashing southward at half-speed, skimming , iree- trnnks desperately, cloee,butoboosingBafc»t way wholly nngnided, while /urged ever by spur and, voice:-. . - - ;> 1 -9 i . On oame the pursuers, strung, out through the dim . woods, . b andicapped by heavier mounts and ignorance of.: the way, . yet gaUsntly pressing -after- the flying enomy,— not. knowing ifbe were, ono..or a;doz:n. Now and again the carbines" rang, mom than one chip of bark flying near the ecot'o'8 head, and one bullet whistling oloeo by his ear- 'But it was racing aim; and' the' wood was darker than without /so Eyan shiok tb the shelter as long- as he -might, before striking out- into rtbe -woods "trail, ' "Hewaa gaining - on the Federals, -.too ;- and- fainter beat of hoofs in front, and faints still, told hied that Carolyn Clay was pait pursuit,— was safe at last ! . Into the road he dashed; into- the .road soon strong the pursuit; andwith ayell and touoh of both spurs the scout: gave the blaok his head and raced for freedom. ' " ; ' . -Then, straight ahead- rang but - a distant shot,— a piitol, his /trained ear told "Evan ; and his heart grew as lead/! for he knew- the Federal had; used the carbine. The girl had met some check, — was fighting her : way through ! / ' . . Clinching his teeth - and bending jfar over the neok- of his foaming steed, Fahntlerby drove both Bpnrs cruelly home, raoing ahead heedless of bullets whistling by, every fibre of bis brain , strained to listen. No more shots,— no.'.BOubd-r of .hoofB only death's stillness ahead.; - But from behind the tbud of hoofs drewt nearer, spite, pf; , his inereased speed,— near »r still I ' Then,.e%hing bins? self round, tke flying Rebel saw a sing e horsemani, fix in lead, charging "dowh/ on him ; and the great stride' of the horse warned him that his own 1 underfed beast mustlbse in that ovarmatch. Mbrecarefolly than before, he braced himself by his knees; taking steady aim at tbe on-fnshing shadow behind,— jnst as a red fl58h :g!eamed.out fromit. "' " His turning had saved the sbont, for he felt tbe wind of th'e bhllet yhiezing by:; but he heard, too, that raspingi ! indescribable sound of lead orasKing ! into flesh ! :0ao larohj and the blaok "was on/his khees; rolling over so quickly, as to pin his rider's leg bezeath him. On sppd the pnrsijier, followed close by others and tbe Rebcl. siW- Tt-i&siorTxiapjQii.na-rage;—rested his pistol on bis "bridle arm and waited to make his last boi enrtellip g. "/ 4 Cease: firing' ! "rang" "out in alear com mand ; and tbe trained Jroopars fell into twos, aa they, xode up . behind, their officer . . Covered .by Eranla rjtiato,. the. latter rode on alone to .certain : death, his -own revolver silent in, his, hand.. For, .with the. brutal fire of '.battle bbt.in hia.„.blQod, the scoat, steadied bis aim, " and pressed. 'Bis . fingr.r slowly on the trigger, — when suddenly he grew d'zzy from pain; and fell baok help less. The next, instent the, ;pnu£uit was on bim and he was covered "by "the officer's pistol. ' ' ' - "/ - : ' ; : 4 Dismount and secure him, sergeant/' i Be Federal/ordered, . quietly.— 'Do ybu sur-' render?' 4 1 can do nothing else,' Evah; : answere'd.' snllenly, qu'ckly adding,- iri'fiis 1 ovrn"veinV; 4 And if yen want a live capture, let some of your blue-coated gentlemen lift this, "good- friend of mine off my log.' ' 9 ' The sergeant and another wbre already beside him, the former deftly wrenchmg the pistol from his grasp. : Brief . time it took to raise the quivering horse from his rider's leg and lift the boy, pale with pain,, to his feet. | 4 Easy, boys ! "Wait a bit ! I think that ! left leg's gone !' he said, with a catch in his. b'eath. 4 U-ngh l - Ah'-h-! -That's better, Mister Yank.' And he pnt hia -fopt ginger- ; ly on tho gTonnd, fried; to rest upon it, then; leaned heavily on9 the stalwart -sergeant."!5 4 Who are yofi ?' the officer asked. ' 4 A Confederate soldier;' Ernnr replied." 4 Scouting?' ' : :"-" No; on leave, ' the. other answered/ Iquickly, his sirrewdness returning 'ag pam ' 'decreased. ' "" '- 4 What command r ' ; 'Private, B Troop, — th Virginia Cavalry,' jwas tbe answer/ : ' I was riding to a farm below,, with a lady,— had no notion ahy" jYanks were across the river.'' " ! : ' Yon fired on, us,' the bfllier said, sternly!: j 4 Bnt I didn't/hit yon;!' the boy, retorted,, .with -.a grin half of Tpain and half of -'fdn, trying to gain" time for Carol rn. Clay and. listening eiegerly for aisy sound southward. 'Dismounted Corporal Riley, sir,' the sergeant reporte rto,his officer.5 haiid to bap. | 'That's even, majir,' Evan' "retbrted, qniokly. 4 Yon dismounted me: 'May I ask fane favor, sir ? My horse andT are, bldbom-;. fades,' he added, with'a little tremor in the Voice. 4 Will yon let the sefgeant. pnt him out of pain ?-t!N6 ! not that'!'" , He' qdidkiy threw np the carbine the sergeant levelled pt ' signal from the "ihajor; ' Theye's one ball,, left, in iny pistol ; and I 'tb'ink poor old Jeb Would rather g;? that way.' :. ' The btont-hearfed ipogt tntned his .face aside, and the rongh-slecve passed swiftly: aoroas his eyelids, .'as the Federal' trooper, sent the last Ocmfata':'bi)Qlet'Iinfd;\t.hh: blaok'a brain/ iJ"r | 4 Are you badly hurt ?' the . officer asked. ". ' ' 4 Past walking,' Evan'replicd," with qnick- repre.Bsed grnpt .of paih., as he again tried to bear weight , on his , left .'foot. - ''No-- bones broken, I gasps ; bht a pretty d .wrpbb/ ' 4 Take him behind.von: : Dowdt'- fhe maior ' ordered. - ' Welre wasting time.'- :: And: two stout pairs : of asms; raised. the. captive,! not. nngeutly, and placed rhim on the brhp of the IrishmiWl'ohoree. ; . : 4 Sergeant, - send him back tb bead- qdar-v ters. Detail RiAy'to '.gnard'him/ ' tbo.inajbr brdered, wheeiingbis'hbr8e. ; ?'-f- j 4 An infantr, fiaypott/ Eran, as to/gripped the Dishmah's wai'st/./,- > 4 Hark 1 wha't> thakffinttVbd theFeder- ' al'-oiSBioer,. suddenly oheoking hie horse, and: turning invsddlf,-.to listen.-r4:Pltoo.n;!— By.- right anleft- WaaslimbersMaroh !', . j: ! An instant mbre; the -road "was clear,- tbe : skirting woods bn'eitber- hand "donobalmgthe little force, and each " man'a! Carbine atla 4 ready.' - ": - s.i i For now;!rbm .southward, plajnljr' sonhdeci hofs, at rapid trot, r and ,soon the, j jingle of : rear of la'rf fcftidper; Mytn' listened wlfb' batbd hreaib.' ' / , ;'"V" .! ". TO- BB'-CQNirsnyBD;. ; :>jyJ -.v...; ,-i . 