Stenograms. BY "ALLEGRETTO." To one who watches the tendencies of the day it is indeed very surprising that not one of those who are no naturally eager to find grounds for the exercise of clemency in the case of the " conspiracy prisoners" has bethought him of putting forward the pica of insanity. To be sure, some may have considered the idea already, but apparently only to rejeot it. No one, they may have said to themselves, would swallow the proposition that the eleven men were all insane at once. Their very number would be against them. But that is just where the mistake lies. People may be collectively insane, but individually sound in mind. Crowds get mad, horn mad, much more easily than single individuals. "Far from the madding crowd," said the poet, but he meant " viad crowd," only his line would havo boon a syllable short, and he sacrificed truth to metre. Fire in each 'eye, and papers in each hand, Tboy rave, recite, and madden round (he land why, that must have been written not only by a poot but by a prophet! And as for nobody swallowing such a plea—listen to what modern history has to cay on the subjeot. Not so many months ago a Wisconsin mob took a man out of gaol and hanged him. A lot of them were caught and tried, but " the defence of insanity being set up for all who had been indicted the jury found that at the time of lynching they were all insane, and therefore not guilty as charged." Now here.is an opening for com promise to be considered by those outside sup porters of the prisoners who are unwilling to own that the latter were guilty of crime. Where's the stigma of being insane collectively ? And, bless my heart, we're all a bit insane. I have never concealed it from myself for a moment. The "Sweet Vale of Avoca," of whioh the charms were celebrated by Thomas Moore, and in whose bosom of shade he desired to rest with the friends he loved best, is pictured in hia song as.a kind of centre of perpetual peace. The Australian Avoca seems anxious to rival its namesake in this respect, and, above all things, to maintain its peaceful character on the Sabbath day. Accordingly its feelings were hurt and its conscience roused when a week or two ago, at the morning hour when no sound should have been heard except, so to speak, the Avocal music of the churches, tho hallowed oahn was fretted with the Bound of the plough- share tearing .through the kneaded clods. Perhaps its feelings were still more hurt when it was known that it was a profane alien, a Chinaman, who was at tho ploughtail. Avoca rose to its duty. The Chinaman was duly hauled before the bench, and the bench took the opportunity of showing their fami liarity with ancient history by resurrecting a law of Charles the Seoond, under whioh the law-breaker was fined half-a-orown. Con spirators ory out against being punished under a law of George the Fourth, but how muoh harder is the lot of this poor alien who wbb called upon to propitiate the risen ghost of a law over two centuries old. However, that reflection is merely an " aside." The real gist of the story lies insido tbe mind of that China man. lam suro tbe good King Charles would never have consented to put l.ia signature to that statute if he could have foreseen the moral bewilderment to whioh it would one day give rise in a poor distraught soul. What a chaos of eihical confusion that Celestial mind must be! Punished for being industrious on a par ticular day! Nevertheless it must be conceded that the benoh wero right. If the white man cannot keep up with tho Chinese agriculturist in a six days' race how ever will he manage if the Chinaman gets a day's start 1 No, no; the stranger within our gates must rest on the seventh day, whether he keep it holy or not. One of the persons who has brought a railing accusation against Mr. Eddy, Chief Commis sioner of N.S.W. Railways, is a oertain Mr. Hoyle, who seems to be doing his host to turn the trouble into a family quarrel, or at all events a quarrel about families. I gather this from the persistent way in which he tries to force his family on the notice of the commissioners, by way of comparing it with the family of Mr. Eddy and colonial families in general. Horo are a few specimens of his style, taken from the evidonce given by him last week before the commission on the Baldwin engines:—" I, as the son of an English gentleman and a man with as good a family as any one who stands in this oountry " "lam as good a man as you are, and from as good a family." . . . . "No man evor sprung from the stock I spring from would ever, &c;, &c.;" And yet there are people who say that the pride of family, whioh is one of the characteristics of the effete Old World States, is being washed out here by the tide of Australian domocracy. Not among the Eoyles at any rate. I, who have a lingering lovo for the old pioturesque ivy-oovered con ditions of thiugs, feel myself just oiinging to the Hoyles. But, by the way, who are these Hoyles, any way? One would like to know something more about them than that the perfume of their family pride is so all-pervading as to penetrate even into a Baldwin Engine Inquiry. "Hoyle"? "Hoyle"? I fossiok in memory over the whole ground of English history from the time of Caraotacus, but for the life of me I oan't striko Hoyle. To be sure there was a card of that name who taught whist, but I oan hardly imagine our Hoyle to be ono of his descendants. If he is, then whist is not hereditary, else he might have been ablo to hold his to better purpose. In the light of this whist connection one oan hardly regard the Hoyles as a " stook." Surely it is more in aooordanoe with the fitness of things—more " aooording to Hoyle," in faot—to regard them as a paok. During tho current century many boons have been presented to us by the advance of science, and no department of it has furnished moro than electricity. Indeed there seoms to be no limit to the application of this disoovery. The latest is the introduction of an eleotrical "moving sidewalk," whioh our go- ahead cousins iv Chicago are initiating at the great Columbian Show, and intend extending to the streets of their city generally. Now the notion as applied to the show is a oapital one, but its wider adoption to the streets ought really to be discouraged. Of course there are people who will soe nothing but usefulness in tho idea. For instance, no exertion will be necessary to reach one's office or plaoe of amusement —hecan go in his armchair if he likes and have his boots blaoked on the way; while the difficulty of finding one's residence after leaving the olub will be minimised. -1 do not know but that the invention might prove advantageous in Queen street on a Saturday night, but for the life of mo I cannot see its general utility. I can see that our cabbies and 'busmen will lose their occupation and require compensation. And what mind can dwell upon theenormou3 growth of adipose tissue which must follow the utter absence of exertion without being appalled ? A city of fat men might be a novelty and an attraction, but it certainly is not a pleasant prospeot in climates suoh as ours. The need at the presont time is greater exertion to maintain the health of folk "in cities pent," and I hope that electricians will reoogniso this fact, and turn their minds on more serviceable inventions than " moving sidewalks." Two facts havo been especially prominent in the history of Australian progress. Oc casionally the discovery of extraordinary auriferous deposits has ushered in a period of prosperity with a sweep and a roar ; and some times the detection of Nature's treasure vaults in quartz or alluvial ha 3 been direotly due to the influence of hard times. When men find that they cannot obtain employment at their ordinary vocations thero is a strong induce ment to pryinto Natnre's mineralogical secrets: and the first thing that any one acquainted with our 'history should ask in .times of depres sion is: When and whero will be the next rush? Unfortunately, however, we have not yet found another Ballarat or Bendigo to comfort the hearts of thoso who are hungering and thirsting after the mammon of prosperity. We have only Darkey I lat and the Poroy River. The first thing that damp 3 the ardour of the digger with respeot to these two fields is that they have both been worked before, and there is an old adage about twice- cooked cabbage that chills the enthusiasm of the most sanguine in such a oase. At Darkey Flat the miners having probably absorbed a good deal of iron into their blood during their close relations with minerals lying perdu— have manfully re solved not to vote the field a duffer. I there fore assume that Darkey Flat with hard work is better than Government grub minus the Government stroke. But at the Peroy River the case seems to be very different. In ten months they have got over 7000oz. of gold from less than 5000 tons of stone; and there have been undoubtedly many little finds undetected by the almost übiquitous Press reporter. 