Literary Hews and Notes, etc. " ïn no braneh of industry," says a writer in the Ooäinopolitan Magazine, has there been I so vast an improvement within the last fifty years as in the manufacture of illustrated magazines. Illustrated news- papers, which of course come under the same head, are of even a still later creation, such things being quite unknown prior to 1830, if we except, as we do, sheets like Bell's T.ife in London, which occasionally produced a small caricature by Leech or Crnikshank. Centuries on centuries back architecture, sculpture, painting, steel engraving, em- broidery, textile fabrics, glass, pottery, steel, silver, bronze and gold work have reached a pitch of perfection unsurpassed in the present day. Even books of a hundred and more years since were often beautifully illustrated with steel engravings. But the illustrated magazine of fifty years ago wbb a crude and curious affair to contemplate. Mr. W. F. Kingdon, the head of the book department in MesBrs. W. H. Smith and Sou'b establishment, gave a Ludgate Monthly interviewer some particulars the other day as to the popularity of certain books. Of Shil- ling Shockers Mr. Kingdon said " Called Back" was the first that secured an excep- tional sale, and the " Mystery of a Hansom Cab" ranked next. " But it is not always the sensational novel that scoreB," added Mr. I Kingdon. " The first great success I can recall was ' The Koran,' issued during the Turkish war by Warne and Co., in various editions, which were sold faster than they could be printed. Since then Max O'Bell's first book, and more recently " Three Men in a Boat,' 'Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow,' and 'Looking Backward,' have also done well. Just now the new cheap monthlies are making the record, but if they go on increas- ing in number there will not be room for all." Mr. Kingdon went on to say that Budyard Kipling's short stories are very popular, and are having an enormous sale. " His last volume, ? Life's Handicap,' published at six shillings, has sold almost as freely as his shilling books. The six-shilling novel doeB not sell very largely now, and the publishers are recognising this by issuing three-and-six penny series, equal to the old six-shilling ones. Marion Crawford's are mostly obtainable now at thr«e-and-sixpence, and there is a large and continuous demand for them. The two shilling novel is still a favourite with railway travellers." Mr. Faux, the chief of the library department at Messrs. Smith's, told the interviewer that Marion Crawford's works are most in demand, but that Stanley's last bpok and " Bobert Elsmere" have been the j two greatest recent library successes. _ I Joe Hownes :-The Breeze has asked me to write an" article. It will be the first I ever wrote. B. Brown :-What will you write P Joe Hownes :-Oh, something easy. Hints on writing articles, I guess. George Macdonald has completed another novel. It ia a story in one volume, published by Messrs. Kegan, Paul, Trench, and Co., London, and has the taking title of The Flight of the Shadow. When one looks over the Hat of the American literary women writing to-day, it is astonishing how successful a galaxy can be brought together. The truth comes home to one every day that women are, in reality, making more money out of literature at present than are men. For every man who makes a good living by his pen there are almost two women. Take Mr«. Burnett, and no literary man of the present day equals her income. Mrs. Humphrey Ward will make a small fortune out of her David Grieve, whether it is a success or not. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps commands the high- est prices from all the magasines. Mrs Margaret Deland sets her own figures, and gets them, too, Sarah Orne Jewett receives as much for a short story as does the most successful male author. Anna Katherine Green sustains a comfortable horne solely from the proceeds of ber pen. Ella Wheeler Wilcox sells everything she writes, and could easily support herself in comfort from her work, if it became necessary. Amélie Bives writes little, but what she does write and sells brings her the best prices. Marie Parloa lives on the income of her pen and a neat income it is. Mary J. Holmes receives a larger yearly cheque from her publishers than does many a bank president. Amelia E. Barr is kept busy supplying stories and articles at flattering figures, " The Duchess" makes several thousands of pounds each year with her pen, while " Mrs. Alexander" does the same. " Octave Thanet" has more than she can do at the most remunerative rates of payment, and one might go through an almost endless list of woman, such as Julia Magruder, Eliza- beth B. Ouster,, F'ances Courtenay Baylor, Harriet Prescott Spofford, Miss Mcclelland, Mollie Elliott Seawall, Louise Chandler Moulton, Ellen Olney Kirk, Grace King and a score or two of others. ¡ i The proprietors of Murray's Magazine bave annaunced that it, will be " suspended for the present." This looks like the death knell of the shilling magazine. Murray's has been well conducted, and during the past year it ha« had running through its pages a strong story-Mrs. Margaret Wood's Esther Panhomrigh-jet it, has been apparently unable to survive the competition of its six- penny rivals. Oscar Wilde i_ very clever-so clever that it is surprising that he does nothing quite as it should be. done. His poems awakened anticipations never realized. His essays in dialogue are peppered with phrases which just miss being epigrams. The Duchess of Padua is short by a handsbreath of being a good play. Even Mr. Wilde's breeches and black silk stockings held less than one bad a right to expect. The four short stories, Lord Arthur Saville's Crime, The Sphinx Without a Secret, The Oanterville Ghost, and The Model Millionaire, which Mr. Wilde has gathered into a small volume of 168 pages, are each good enough to suggest as their chief impression that they ought to be a great deal better. Old Friend : Well, old boy, how have you been getting along P Did you succeed as a novelist ? Mr. Soarhigh : No ; the publishers said my imagination was too lively-plots lacked probability, you know-so I had to give it up ; but I'm doing first rute. What at ? Writing railway advertisements." What is announced to be a gei/uine paint- ing by Hogarth has just been discovered during the valuation of the contents of a country mansion near Hythe, belonging to an old country family. A London expert has offered a large sum of money for the picture, which the owner has declined. The text of the MS. preserved among the Carew Papers at Lambeth, which in French rhymes of the thirteenth century relates the story of Strongbow's invasion of Ireland, and is based on contemporary Irish information, is to be printed under the title of " The Song of Dermot." It has hitherto been known to antiquaries only by an inaccurate abstract made by Sir George Carew in 1617, and by a transcript of the French text published by Pickering in 1837. The text has been revised and translated by Mr. Goddard Orpen, who had added an introduction, notes, glonsary, ,&c;, with a map of Leinster and Meath, showing the places mentioned in the poem. A page of the MS. is reproduced in facsimile. The Clarendon Press is to publish the volume. The project íb afloat in Germany of erect- ing a statue to the memory of G. A. Burger in his native town of Molmerswende, and to unveil it on June 8, 189a, the centenary of his death. That the poet of " Lenore," the moBt famous of all German ballads, should have to wait for a monument one hundred years, whilst so many less gifted bards re- ceived this honour so much sooner, is certainly one of the curiosities of literature. At the M'Henry sale a collection of the original MS3. of Sheridan Knowles, in eight cases, fetched thirty-one guineas. Ihe statue to Mozart, which the sculptor Tilgner íb modelling for the place at the back of the Vienna Opera (says a correspondent there), is nearly completed. It has been viewed and greatly admired by the Emperor's brother, the Archduke Charles Louis. The monument will be in elaborate rococo style,,p small temple with complicated columns and cupids playing instrumenta much too dainty and delicate for a thoroughfare, especially during the long Austrian winters. The Illustrated London News completes its fiftieth year on the 9th May next, when the proprietors purpose to publish the history of the paper in a Jubilee number. Its life his- tory covers practically the whole period of modern illustrated journalism, aud how wide íb (he distance that separates the News of 1832 from that of 1892 may be seen from a glance at the early numbers. 