RELIGIOUS. After a triumphant Christian Endeavour tour through Victoria aud South Australia, Dr. Clark returns to Sydney to-day to take his final farewell of this colony at a public meeting to be held on Alon day. On Tuesday Dr. Clark leaves for Brisbane, and from that city sails for Hongkong ; thenoe In Japan, where he proposes spending three weeks ; then on to j India for a month. After that his line of : route will be through the Red Sea to Turkey, j where the American missionaries are very j strong ; from Turkey overland in saddle ami i caravan to the Black »Scu, a journey occupy- j ing about a month ; aud thcncc by way of ' Italy and Spain to England, in time for the j Bradford convention in June. A month's work in England will fill out the time till the date of the international convention to be held at Alontreal in July. Dr. Clark's visit has been too short for a deep insight info the religious life and thought of Australia, but his general im- | pression is that in such respect conditions differ but little from those in America. The needs are similar and the religious people of both countries have very much in common. Both countries are new and have the advan tages and disadvantages of new countries to stimulate them. "The religious feeling in Australia," lie says, " is vigorous, strong and progressive. I have seen something of re ligious life in different parts of Europe, as well as America, aud so far as I can judge from what I have seen in Australia, you here are as well abreast of religious matters as any country in the world." As one who has had considerable experi ence in newspaper work, Dr. Clark's estimate of the Australian press is worth recording. " I like the moral tone of the leading Austra lian newspapers," he says. "They avoid scurrility, and there is a marked absence of personalities." But I do not think the Alelbourne papers take much inte rest in religious matters. The Aryus and Age. struck me as being respectable, high- toned, but they seem to give comparatively ; scanty attention to religious subjects. In Sydney the press gave the Christian Endea vour movement a deal of encouragement, but in Melbourne wo were taken but little notice of." The new priests who arrived in the colony recently have been appointed by the Cardinal to the following positions : — Rev. Patrick F. O'Shea, to assist Father Furlong at Pyrmont ; Rev. John P. Dunne, to assist Father Moy- nagh at Balniain West; Rev. James Dalton, to assist Father M. E. O'Brien at Cooma ; Rev. Thomas Phelan, to join St. Alary's Cathedral staff; Rev. Jaines White, to join the staff of St. Patrick's College, Manly ; Rev. Matthew Hogan, to assist Father Coonau at Forest Lodge ; Rev. Joseph Bun- bury, to assist Father Glashccn at St. Peter's, Surry-hills ; Rev. William Hayden, to assist Dean AFCarthy at Burwood ; Rev. John Buckley, to assist Dr. Carroll at the Sacred Heart, Rarlingliurat., and to act as chaplain ot fct. \ mccnt s LLospitaJ. " Christian Patriotism " formed the subject of the official address delivered by the Rev. Osiic Copland, as president, before the annual session of the Victorian Congrega tional Union on Tuesday. Air. Copland urged that tbe traditional attitude of the Church was to realise a Christian life iu the government and among the people, in ques tions of pure policy, of course, the Church should take no part, but there were certain vital questions which it was the boumien duty 'of the Protestant Churches to maintain by every possible inliuencc. The children in the State schools should be brought up to respect and venerate the name of Jesus Christ. Any attempt to legalise gambling must be decried, and drink and profligacy put down. The destinies of Australia were tiie destinies of the Church, and it lay with the Church to build up a Christian common wealth, where the sceptre of all authority and power should pass into the hands of the King of kings. The choice for chairman- elect has this year fallen on Rev. NY. H. Lawrence. The evangelical churches, so-called, evi dently believe l.liey have discovered the lost chord of religious revivalism in the first chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, to judge by the frequency witli which it is utilised as a text-book on important occasions. Per haps since the venerable William Arthur published his "Tongue of Fire," a recognised standard work on the sub ject of the endowment and power of the Holy Ghost, no chapter in the whole range of Biblical history has received such comprehensive exposition— more espe cially the eighth verse. Indeed, it has be come quite fashionable to adopt it as the foundation for official pulpit utterances. The annual sermon before the New South Wales Baptist Union a few days ago was based upon this theme, so also was the de liverance of the Rev. Samuel Bryant before tiie Victorian Congregational Union on Mon day. Whvther the— is. any 'dos"1 y-mrcctlon between this fact and the incrr-a.-.:jg spirit of revivalism which is asserting itself izi mail' of the churches is of course a matter of opinion. Mr. Gladstone in his time plays many parts. A young man in Denver having doubts about the divinity of Jesus Christ told his pastor that if Air. Gladstone affirmed his belief in that doctrine ho would accept it. Accordingly a letter was sent to the grand old theologian, who made time to reply as follows with his own hand on a post card : — " All I write and all I think and all I hope is based upon the divinity of our Lord, tho one oeutral hope of our poor, wayward race. — NV.E.G." A skilled doctor of divinity would have found it difficult to say more in less words. Regarding Cardinal Alorau's criticism of Professor Nvood's lecture on " Three Catholic Heroes" and the latter's reply, the Presby terian remarks that Professor Wood "has become an Ishinael and that his latitndi- nariauism lias pleased no one. Dr. Alurtui will take an ocean of praise of his Church from a heretic, bat not one drop of adverse criticism." Times must indeed be bad ! A Sydney weekly religious paper has hud to defend itself against tlic complaints of certain sub scribers for inserting too many advertise ments. The long drawn Barrier strike lias not affected the local ohurehjvttendances, but the financial barometer is rather low. To-morrow ai.d Aionday will be observed by the Anglican churches as days of inter cession for Sunday-schools. Ii\it.lw»»- (!hinwiiiv Tint, lmlrnmvn in this country, recently underwent a serious opera tion, and (according to a Alontreal paper) in view of a possible fatal result published a manifesto "denying beforehand any report that might be circulated to the effect that he had made his peace at the lost moment with Alother Church." Father Mackett, Roman Catholic priest, died suddenly at Tamworth on Wednesday, as an after result of being thrown from his horse a short time ago. Rev. »S. Bryant, preaching before the Vic torian Congregational Union on Aionday, said that if ministers must adhere to the narrow margin of dogmatic belief, if they must discard as un-Christian the doctrine of evolution and the thousand new discoveries of science, then they must consign to eternal punishment many of the best and truest men who hud ever lived. Very Rev. J. J. Byrne, late administrator of St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney, has been appointed parish priest of St. Francis Xavier's Church, Wollongong, in succession to Very Rev. Dr. Barry, O.S.B. Horr Alost, the once notorious anarchist, is now a member of the Salvation Army. A female " captain" of the army, it appears, effected his conversion, more, it is said, by her personal fascination than by the force of her arguments. Ho has in turn been a devout Roman Catholic aud pronounced atheist. Rev. A. W. CYfpjswell, to whom the offer of the incumbency of St. Mark's, Fitzroy (Vic.), was made, in succession to Rev. J. I. Stretch, lias declined the appointment. The Victorian Sunday-school Union now embraces over 200 schools. Seventy students last year under its auspices completed a two years' normal college course of study. A gentleman named Drysdale spend ing his holiday at Barmouth (Eng.) busied himself distributing tracts among tne visitors. To all who accepted the leafiets Mr. Drysdale addressed the question — "Have yon got your soul saved ?" One day as lie was sauntering along lie met Professor Hux ley and offered him a tract, which the pro fessor courteously accepted. This accom plished the professor was confronted with the question — " Have you got your soul saved?" Thereupon the Agnostic scholar began tearing up the lealict, and on turning away answered scornfully, " That is my business." "You are perfectly right," retorted Mr. Drysdale. " You are perfectly right. I am glad to hear you say so." 