BRITISH NEW GUINEA, SIR Wfc MACGREGOR'S DESPATCHES, MURDER OF A NORWEGIAN TRAMS. ARREST OF TWO NATIVES. The following is a continuation of the despatch of 6th February from Sir William 11 Macgregor, Administrator of British New Guinea, reporting his visit of inspection to the Eastern portion of the Possession : On the 29th Mr. Moreton was left at Dobu to purchase some mission sites in the neighbourhood, to deal with some judicial matters, and to visit some of the villages. Mr. Wreford was directed to proceed to the Dnaii villages on the east side of, supposed to have shared with Bakara the goods belonging to Moree, and to be friendly to Morro's I murderers. I left Dobu the same day in one of the boats with a coloured crew, intending to go right round the island, to visit all the coast tribes, and to find where our vessels could anchor, etc, so as to be able to effectually control Duau in future. At a place called Sawadignia I met the party that crossed Duau. They had been threatened by one village at the top of the hill, and told by the people there that they would fight if any of the Government men went near them. They arrested a man that admitted having received some of Morro's goods. At the spot where I met this party the Ubusu hill tribe have some fishing huts. A large part of the tribe, men, women, and children, came down there and were quite friendly and unsuspicious, feeling they need not fear anything as they had no hand in the Bakers a/fair. They informed me that any of them going to Sowa Harbour would certainly be killed and eaten. I sent the party and their prisoner on to Dobu in my boat, and with instructions to Mr. "Wilford to visit the village that had threatened resistance and to pacify them, but not to use firearms save only in a clear case of self-defence. At night we camped at the small island of Mewadi, there being no coast villages in that vicinity. Mewadi is a much frequented camping ground by trading canoes, but the water between it and Duau, although very suitable for sheltering small craft, is disappointing as regards large vessels, there being a great many coral patches in it. The following day we entered the head of the great fight on the east side of Duau, I and slept at the coast village of Gesiwa. There are no permanent villages on the coast between that and Dobu, although several hill tribes have fishing stations in sheltered places. There is good anchorage for large vessels at almost any part of Mia head of Gesiwa Ray, and several fine mountain streams open into it. The Gesiwa people were very friendly, although at first somewhat shy. From Gesiwa to the south-east end of Duau there are a great many villages, but there are very few on the coast ; many are at a height of I 1200ft. to lfiOOi't. The principal reason for ! this seems to have been to get as far away j as possible from the harrying causes of Dobu. I was shown many places where Dobu men had killed and eaten Duau natives ; one chief, in a great state of excitement, described a Doing attack on his people, and showed the marks left by a spear that went through his thigh. A large number of Dobu canoes had just left Duau, several of which we had met returning home as we came down the coast. All the Duau man said that their visit had been a friendly and perfectly peaceful one, and that they have suffered no violence from Dobu for some time, because they are afraid of the Government. All these villages had an ample supply of yarns, and the people were, without exception, quiet, friendly, and eager to trade. We spent the night at Dawada, and were visited there by a large number of natives from many villages. They had all heard of the missionaries at Dobu, and said they would be willing to receive missionaries among themselves. They assured me that all the tribes in that vicinity had given up intertribal warfare and were living peacefully. On 1st January we rounded the south-east end of Duau, visiting all the coast tribes, and proceeded some distance along the south coast. For the first ten or twelve miles the people do not live permanently on the coast, but have their villages on the spurs or sides of the mountain, generally so well concealed amongst trees that it is difficult to see them. "We stopped for lunch a small bay which is much frequented by trading canoes, and known as Marupwasia. Three sailing canoes from the island of a Pannamuti were there to buy food. The south end of Duau is formed by a mountain range, at several places over 8000ft. high, of schistose formation as far as I have examined it, covered by a dense forest. This range is generally enveloped in clouds during the greater portion of the day, and at this season there is rain almost daily. The result is that it is one of the best food producing districts in the possession, although there is but little land that is not steep for cultivation. We saw over a score of large trading canoes on the south side, all there to purchase yams. The principal naan on the Pannamuti canoes declared that now they can trade to all the islands within their reach without the least danger of a beingatbicked, and they showed me that they no longer carry arms in their canoes. The Duau natives, who were selling yams, were also unarmed. We spent the night in a small bay called Erionia. There are no villages within half-a-mile of the beach, but there are several on the slopes of the mountain facing the bay. The natives kept aloof for an hour or two and were at first very shy, hat many of them brought us food before night, and all the chiefs and a great many natives came to see me early next morning. During the night three large canoes came in from Karaiwa to buy yards. They brought clay pots to give in exchange for them. One port is given for a basket of yarns" that would weigh from half to three- fourths of a hundredweight. The trading is carried on under the supervision of the principal chief of the district, a very respectable-looking, superior man. On (the 2nd the inspection of the coast was continued to Magndobwana Point (the Cape Ventinat of the charge, which was reached at noon. Up to this point the natives were all quiet and friendly, and in comfortable circumstances. Off this point about half-a-mile ' there are two small islands which will be useful trading stations, and there seems to be good anchorage there during the south-east winds. When at lunch here I learned from a young man that he had formerly worked for a European trader named Axel Luthlnndor, said to be a, Norwegian, and he added that some natives of Kaipara had killed him. Kurrara is the part of the south coast of Dtiau that lies immediately east of Cape Dimndiniwnrn, and was UIUB right in our way. He gave me the names of two of the murderers and the names of their villages, to be found at Kaipara. It had been reported some time about the middle of last year that Axol (such was the name by which he was generally known had deliberately, without provocation Or justification of any kind, shot dead a native of Goodenough Island. As he know this had been reported he was afraid to come to Samurai with his vessel, but was living a sort of outlaw life, receiving provisions from some of the other traders and selling his shell, beche-de-mer, c, to them without coming near the port. It appears that he had some nice natives on board his vessel. None of those had been regularly engaged, and all were employed and detained on his craft illegally. It appears that he was in the habit of brutally ill-using some of these men. Some of them say that he would not return them' home, would not pay them, and they be lieved from his threats, according to some statements, that he was to carry them off to Queensland. They formed a plot to murder him, and did so near to Cape Sibiribiri, on the north-east coast, and took one of his boats to the villages mentioned above at the "Waipoiium River. His vessel has not been recovered, but the boat was brought into Samarai on the 12th November. The resident magistrate does not appear to have taken any action in this case. The same afternoon we proceeded along the Kurrara coast in the boat. We were not able to visit all the villages as we proceeded, as the weather was at first bad and the time required would have been too great. When we were opposite the village of Ultim some four or five CUUOOB came out to the boat to sell yams. In one case there was one man in a child about (3 or 7\. He was very anxious to obtain a little tobacco. I asked him the name of the village opposite us, and he said it was Badilaii the name given to me as that of the village of one of Axel's murderers. There was about this man a peculiar fur- five, nervous look, and he would not give me his name, but look the first chance of making off when we began to talk to the occupants of a canoe with four men from another village. They told me the village opposite was not Bitdilai but Bairn, and that the man that had left us and was now paddling as for his life was Didiwara, one of Axel's mon. A lively chase immediately began, and it was for some time doubtful whether our heavy six-oared boat, encumbered by rigging and yams, c, and lightly manned, could overtake this one-man canoes. On shout- ing to him by his name to stop he faltered, and for a little lost command of his canoe. At about three fourths of a mile, IIB the boat shot past his canoe, two of his countrymen caught him by the hair and lifted him into the bow of the boat, and in a moment had him in I irons. The other canoes bed, but on ex| plaining matters to them they returned, and two men took the prisoner's canoe and the little boy ashore. After some conversation the prisoner admitted his identity and showed as the village of the man that he said was the ringleader and that actually killed Axel. When we approached this village the prisoner, who had become greatly in forested in the capture of the other man, put a handkerchief over his handcuffs and sat in the stern of the boat with the air of an honoured ghost. He pointed out the man we wanted before the boat touched the beach. The village was on the beach and the men were all sitting together under the cocoanut trees. We asked them as the boat landed to bring us some cocoanuts. The man that had been with Axel and been accustomed to the use of tobacco most felt the wish to have some It is the rule that the person that brings the cocoanuts always receives the tobacco, whether the nuts are from his tree or not. This man went at once up a cocoanut tree to cut down the nuts and as soon as he was up the tree the boatmen were stationed round it. As he descended he was secured from behind, his arms pinned to his side by the grasp of one man because he had a knife in This right hand. He was promptly disarmed, and in less than a minute he was in the boat in irons. No one made any attempt to interfere on his behalf, and when the matter was explained to the people they expressed themselves as satisfied that it was right that he should be arrested and taken away. There are a great many villages on the coast of this part of Duan, but none of them showed us any ill-will, although these prisoners were inihoboat. They seemed to expect that something of the kind would take place and to be quite prepared for it. The same night we slept at Waipoiana, where I had been about a week before, coming from the north end of the island. Next day we continued our route and reached Dobu, the journey round the island having occupied six days. During my absence Mr. Walford had visited twenty-two villages on the ITariga Hills, east of Bakers. No resistance was offered, but most of the natives left their villages on his approach, no did not recover there any of Morro's goods. Mr, Moreton was successful in purchasing some land for the mission, and had visited many of the villages in the vicinity. The sudden appearance of the Light Blues on the lumpy waters of the Thames at Cookham is hailed by our contemporary The Grants, in the true dithyromblc style. " Go, light ship," exclaims the organ of the undergraduates, " freighted with so many ardent hopes, battle victoriously against the tidal storms and the brawny men from the Isis j boat, if so the Fates appoint, all recorded times over the course of champions, and fill the purses of them that at Cambridge have wagered their modest sixpences or their ultimate shirts on thy success. We wish thee well, and breathe our vows for the welfare of the crow." In common prose, it is explained, this means, " We hope we may beat Oxford on the 9th of April." By a law which has just passed both Houses of the Mississippi Legislature, the license of public-houses is raised to sums ranging from £200 to £300 per annum, while heavy penalties are inflicted for the sale of liquor to children or habitual drunkards. 