THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. I" I would give a million dollars for a saomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of monry, huti he was nut able to buy the' ai'rcLie even at that price. -. ' Mr.'Thoias Guaki,,,. of No. 3, Poplar -Rue,' Darley Abouy, near Derby, is .not.-so rich, as many, being a earneuer,, but he' was, ready uiiough to give all he had for ,.ne thing'he hadn't'ti Bot. Here is his st.r-y, '.nd he sliall tel it in his own way: M.. Gwiokin, go. ,,"n to, iay "' Up to eight y.iara ei, I tw0'f n,,esur l1'ac. an'houra' work thr.-uoh a.l..:. I, Deo~,..inbr,; 1882, ,hlilst liviig at lu..at,. , nr.'r ",ti.Lghain, my aitpetite f-ll aw.,y. I thad dreatflul pain after .atiine; a: had taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the'latter so thick and' ,tcky that I often had to remove it with nay ,ingers. My chest used to ' fill up' and my throat w.iuld swell ..jI couldn't button my shift ". .it the h'ck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a' - y, llowish-green phlegm. Ihad a racking oough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the hose and the blood rushed out of my ears.. 1. i,ecame exlihaasted'and shortSof breath andl'had to call the doctor, arid was in bed vfive'oi six weeks. " I then went as out.patient to the Notting hanm Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with mue: For,eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommenda. tion to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I round, however, that all the beds-in the hospital Svere full, and. I saw iy club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, 'You I"re in a galloping consumption, and must 'die ; the other doctors, after sounding my lungis and cheat, said nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a trifle better,'my old master allowed me to do what little I could in liis gardens and' grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I rcaught cold, got very short of breath, and broke' down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes a teadupful at once, and was afraid ti go to sleep for fear that the phlegm would choke me. At this 'time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes. were blood-shot. My lips and mouth:'were dry and parched and I often broke out into'. cold clammy sweat. My toi,?gUi was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks.' "I managed to get up for a few hours 'at a time, but was so weak I had to take holdl of the furniture to move a few yards.'I .['lls always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest, . Too weak to road i' often eat for.hours looking at my' hands-no thing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and 'the children At play quite upset me. ' ' ' The doctor kept on attending me, bL'the said ' I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I thenr nave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure frem London that cost 22s a 'bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends, who came to see me said, 'Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' '. "About the middle of March; 1889, a neigh= bour named Joseph Tatham, who' works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother' Seigel's' Syrup' and told me how -he' had been cured after being in the, hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria-street. After tle, first doses I had an evacuation black ii ink; and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested, when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at onces and and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return alldat once, but after taking Seigel'a Syrup for 'six 'months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statmment, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, lead Gardener, Darley Abbey,who is acquainted with the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey "22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered I Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), Er he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like consumption, for which it is often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, and all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent pre paration. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskia on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 