THE VENETIANS. ' By M. E. BRADDON, Author of ' Lady Audley's Secret,' ' Phan torn Fortune,' 'Dead Men's Shoes ' 'Out by the County,' 'Taken at thTFloodL' 'Weavers and Weft,' '?One Thine Need rulJ»'MohawkB,'&c; s {Published by special arrangementa with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XXVIL— 'Thopmat'st be False AND YET I KNOW IT NOT.' Before addressing his confidences to Sophy Marchant Mr. Sefton had told himself, that she did not belong to that exceptional order of womankind who in honor and discretion are on a level with wise and honorable men. He had known the young lady quite long enough to know that, although share and clever, she was essentially shallow- brained, impulsive, and emotional. He was very sure that with every desire to spare her sister train she would end by telling Eve of her husband's infidelity. The secret would be kept for some days perhaps, or even for some weeks, but it would be as a con enming fire, and would ultimately break out ! into name, a flame that would devour bis rival's peace of mind and devastate his rival's : home. - The more scathing that whirlwind which was to come from the wind of his sowing the happier the result for Sefton. It was in vain that Lisa had denied her son's paternity. In Sefton's mind there was no shadow of doubt that Vinsittart had been, and even now was her lover— and it was for love of Vanaittarti that his (Sefton's) honorable attachment was as nothing to her. King Cophetua had offered himself to the beggar-maid, and the beggar maid had refused him. Was that a humilia tion for a man to forgive? Was that a dis appointment to go unavenged ? All the latent malignity of Sefton's nature was aroused into active life by that fierce passion of jealousy, i He had not misinterpreted Sophys character. She was very silent in the homeward drive with her sister, lolling back in the victoria, looking vacantly at the carriages and the people as they passed. ' How tired you look, Sophy,' Eve said as they crossed the park, where the carriages and riders and loungers had dwindled considerably within the past week. ' I fancy even you begin to feel you have enough of gadding about?' 'Yes, I have had enough, more than enough,' Sophy answered with a little choking sob. She could no more suppress her own feelings, bear her own troubles and be dumb than a child can. It was quite as much as Bhe could do to keep herself from crying in the broad: light of summer evening and Hyde Park. ' My poor Sophy, what has happened to dis tress you?' Eve asked affectionately. 'You and Mr. Sefton had such a long confabulation in that inner room. I really thought the crisis had come.' ? ' There was no crisis, there never will be. You were right. He was only fooling me. All his fine speeches, his sentimental talk— his way of holding one's hand as if he would like to squeeze it, and was only prevented by his deep respect for one — he did squeeze it once that night we stayed so bite at Jtfre. Macpherson's delightful party— it all meant nothing— Ie3s than nothing.' - 'But how do you know, Sophy ?' Ere asked earnestly. 'He can't have told you that he doesn't care for yon ?' ' No, but he can have told me that he it in love with another woman -^-a low-born, ignorant creature, who can do nothing but sing aud strut about the stage, in the . boldest, horridest way, - showing her lace petticoats and her legs,' said Sophy disgustedly, forgetting how she had ad mired Signora Vivanti. - : 'Do you mean the singer at the Apollo':' asked Eve. ?'???? 'Yes, Signora Vivanti. He is in love with her, if you please, and she has refused him.' Eye remembered her husband's explanatkm of Lisa's letter. ' He told you this— chose you for his confi dante. How odd J' 'Bather bad form, wasn't it I I fear I had been too — what young Theobald calls— coming on. I thought he liked me, and I encouraged him, and he rewards me by confiding his at tachment to that creature.' ' And she has refused to marry him. Why V asked Eve, very pale. 'Who knows? Mere airs and graoes, I daresay. She thinks she has all London at her feet and that she oan piotand choose. How I wish I were on the stage. 'I«an rang pretty' * : : well, can't I, Eve? And I hove often - been - told I am like Ellen Terry.'- v in nex angry exdEemens oopny saw a vision of herself as the queen of a theatre, all the town rushing to see her act, as they went to see this Venetian peasant. Surely a young lady with good blood in her veins must be better than a girl bred in a hovel. Sophy did not pause to consider that it was the rough freshness, the primitive vigor -of the peasant which, constituted Signora Vivanti's chief claim to notice. ? Sophy had exercised no small amount of -self- control in. restraining her tears during the homeward drive, but once safe in the sanctuary of her own bedroom she let loose the flood of her emotions with its cross-currents of anger and sorrow, disappointed ambition and disappointed love. Yes, love. Considering Mr. Sefton, in the first instance, only from the social point of view, with the mercenary feel ings engendered by a youth of poverty, she had allowed herself to be beguiled by his atten tions and had entered the golden gate of that fool's paradise which first love creates for its victim — a world of fevered dreams, where nothing is but what is not. Walking in the enchanted groves of that paradise she had seen Mr. Sefton. in the light that never was on land or sea, the light that beautifies all waking dreams— and she had interpreted every speech of bis after her own fashion. Words lightly spoken took the deepest meaning, not his meaning,. but hers. She told herself again and again that, if he had not actually asked her to be his wife, he had spoken words which a man only speaks to the woman whose life is to be interwoven with his own. Eve came to her sister's door and insisted upon being admitted. 'Oh, what streaming eyes, Sophy dearest. I am so sorry you have allowed yourself to care for him. I warned you, dear; I warned you.' 'Yes,' retorted Sophy, irritated beyond measure at a form of speech which is always irritating, ' but you didn't warn me of any thing like the truth. You didn't tell me that he was passionately, ridiculously, degradingly in love with that Venetian girL' ' My dearest, how could I warn you of what I did not know?' ' Don't dearest md. I am almost out of my mind — indeed, I should not be surprised if I were to go mad, or have brain fever, or some thing. When I remember how I have lowered myself — letting him see that I oared for him ; for I have no doubt he did see and that was why he made me his confidante this afternoon and told me about that creature— a woman with a nameless son. Do you think I can ever get over the degradation of being talked to about such a subject V Eve did not answer. She sank down upon the sofa, while her sister stood before the look ing-glass, frowning at her tear-stained face as she unbuttoned the bodice of her gown, that gown which she' made a point of calling her 'frock.' Her nameless son. Eve remembered the boy in the boat, the beautiful Murillo-faced boy, looking up with big wondering eyes as his mother and Vansittart clasped hands. Her nameless son. She , remembered that curious speech of Vansittarfs a week ago— 'Yes, id was at Venice we met. That is the first half of the riddle.' What was the second half? The parentage of that boy, perhaps. His son — his son— another . woman's and his. And she, his adoring wife, had no son to place in bis arms, no child to gratify the prosperous man's desire to see his race prolonged. 'If I live to be an old woman he may die without an heir,' she thoueht. ' There may be np more Vansittarts of Merewood. Han nah's husband did not hate her because she was childless— but then he had other wives.' She pictured her husband loving that alien's son? making him his heir perhaps by and by, desiring to bring him into his home, asking her to receive Hagar's child, to let him call her mother. She had heard of such things being done. 'No, no, no, not for worlds ;' Bhe protested to herself. ' I could not do it' She got up and walked about the room, while Sophy bathed her eyes and tried to undo the damages her emotions had inflicted on her fair and delicate prettinesa. . ' I can't go to the party looking like this,' exclaimed Sophy, ruefully, contemplating her image in the glass. _' . ' We need not go till half- past ten. Eleven o'clock would be early enough. There is time for you to get back your good looks* Benson shall bring you a light little dinner and then you had better lie down and take a long nap.' 'Do you think I can eat or sleep in my state of mind?' protested Sophy, but a quarter of an hour later, when Benson appeared with an appetising meal, the victim of misplaced affec tion found that violent emotions are not in compatible with hunger. Sne eat an excellent dinner, cried a little now and then between whiles, and at half-past ten went down to the drawing-room in her most attractive frock, and with her light fluffy hair piled as high as she could pile it and sparkling' with those dainty paste stars which Eve had sported at the memorable hunt ball. 'Sophy,' cried Vansittart, 'I vow you look almost as pretty as Eve looked that night in the enow. And what do I see? Surely I know those trembling starlets ! You are wear inK the family diamonds.' Sophy rewarded him with a most ungracious scowl and moved to the other side of the room. Vansittarb was looking at an evening paper and was serenely unconscious of Jbhe change in his sister-in-law's manner ; but Eve saw that angry glance and movement of avoid* ACii since* and wondered what could have caused each mflrmnnn Trr— , f'*'*r*» « -r-y pr*r Sophy's petulant temper, which wrested itaelf on thej^ofithemnooent. :. This was Sophy?* mygf keeping a secret. Her visit to Charles-street ended two days later. She was studiously uncivil to her host tip to the hour of her departure ; and in her farewell talk with aer coster, being closely questioned by Eve as to the reason of this change in her manner, she prevaricated, hea tated, said things and unsaid them; and finally, in a flood of compassionate tears, she proteBted that it was only on Eve's account she was angry with Eve's husband. Mr. Sef ton had told her that he still waited that odious woman. Mr. Sefton had met tun leaving her house only a few days previously ; and Mr. Sefton had assured her that it was he, Eve's husband, who had brought Signora Vivantd to London and pud for her musical '?Jan you wonder that I am angry with him, Eve, loving you as Itio? You have been eo good to me, so generous. It would be wicked of nie to so away without warning yon. X bated the idea of telling you. I have thought over it again and again. I promised Mr. Sefton thatl would tell you nothing; butloonld nob bear the idea of your being hoodwinked by an unfaithful husband. It waB right to toll you, wasn't it, dear! It is better {or you to know the tenth, is it not?' 'Yes, yes, it is better for me to know,' Eve answered, in a hard, oold voice. 'How quietly she takes it,' thought Sophy, as the footman annonnoed the carriage. Benson had gone on with Sophy's luggage in a four-wheel cab; twice as much luggage as Sophy had brought from Ferahurst. ?' I ehaU never forget your kindness to me,' said Sophy, with a partmg Mas. 'And I Bhall never forget your -visit,9' answered Evbu ??? Eve was not at home at luncheon time, eo Vansittart went off to his club, and only re turned to Chartes-Btreet at Eve's usnal horn* for afternoon tea, when he was told that Mrs. Van sittart bad gone out at three o'clock and had left a note for him in the study. The notewas a letter. 'Ism taking a step which will- no doubt make yon angry,' Eva began, 'but I cannot help myself, a cannot go an Jiving as we are living now. Every hour of my life increases my misery. I have been told that you visit that woman— that woman who is the came of all my unhappiness. I have beentold— what I ought to have understood without telling— that it is yon who brought her to Iiondon and had her educated for the stage, that ber child is your child. I ought to nave known all this without being told ; but I shut my eyes to the truth. I wanted so to believe in you. I clung bo desperately to that which makes the happi ness of my life. Tbnacousemeof unreasoning jealousy; but oould any wife help being jealous, seeing what I have seen, hearing what hear? That woman's face and manner spoke volumes. I tried to aoospt your explanation— tried to believe yon. I had even begun to feel happy again, when I learnt this hateful fact of your visit to her house. I cannot believe that yon would have gone there, knowing my feelings on the subject, if this love of the past had not been more to yon than your love for me, your wife. There is Dut one thing for me to, only one thing whioh can set my mind at rest, or make me wretched for ever ; and that iB to see 1Mb woman and hear her story from her own lips.- I have no fear that I shall fail in getting at the truth when she and I are faoe to face. Woman against woman, wife against mistress. I know who will be the (stronger. ' If I nave wronged you, my beloved, your wife in penitent love. If you have wronged me, your wife no longer— 'Eve.' A pleasant letter to greet a husband on his home-coming. ' Woman against woman, face to face, those two !' thought Vansittart. 'She will discover not that which she fears to discover, bat a darker secret— and then it will be as she has eaid, my wife no longer.' He stood* with his finger on the button of the . bell till a servant came. 'A hansom instantly, but be sure you get a good horse,' he said, and went into the nail to wait for the man's return. Chapter XXVJJL— Ih thb Blue Chambbb. Eve had learned Madame Vivanti's address from lady Hartley the day after the singer's appearance in Bin-street. So her letter .to her husband written and her mind made up, she had only to drive to Don Saltern's mansion to make her way to that upper floor in whioh the singer had her bower. The door was : opened by EjordeUsa herself, who gave a little lock of surprise at seeing her visitor, And then sto6d in mute wonder waiting for Eva to speak, She wore her accustomed black stuff gown, with a yellow' silk handkerchief knotted care lessly -m her breast, and her dark hair heaped untidily upon the top of her head. The boy was hanging on to her gown and peeping shyly at the strange lady, so pure and fresh looking in her soft grey silk ana dainty little hat with grey feathers faintly touched with pink. Iiisa noted her happy rival's toilette in all its elegant details, Hie Jong loose grey gloves, the grey parasoL For a minute or so the two women stood thus, looking at each other in silence. Then, with an effort. Eve spoke. ' Are you alone, Madame Vivanti ?' ' Alone, all but Paola, and I don't suppose you count him anybody, Eccellenza. La Zia has gone to London,' ?« i have come to talk to you— about my hus band.' . Lisa flushed crimson. 'Please take the trouble to sit down, Eooel lenza,' she said politely, p-'^»g her prettiest armchair in front of the open window. There were flowers in the baloony, a bed of marigolds, a flower which La Zia had dis covered to be decorative and cheap. For per fume there were stocks and mignonette. The balcony was wide enough to hold plenty of flowers and a couple of basket chairs, in whioh Lisa and her aunt sat for many idle hours in fine weather, breathing the cool breezes from the river and submitting to the blacks. They thought of their attic window in the campo, and the life and movement in the paved square below, the passing and re-passing of the gay, light-hearted crowd to and fro on the Rialto. Here they bad a wider horizon but a murkier sky, and not that concentration of gaiety whioh makes every campo in Venice a busy little world, self-contained and aU-suffioing. Eve looked round *he room, noting the pretty fur niture, obviously chosen by a person of taste ; the open piano; the glimpse of a somewhat untidy bedroom through a door ajar. Her husband bad chosen the furniture Ere told her self. He had built this nest for bis Venetian singing- bird. P 'I am looking at your rooms,' uhe said, -with pale lips, ''the rooma my husband furnished for you.' Lisa had not even the grate to attempt a denial. ' He was very good, very generous,' she fal tered, her eyes suffused with tears, those tears which came so readily to Idea's syes on the stage or off. 'There never was any one so good as he.* 'He owed you at least as much as that,' said Eve sternly. 'It was the least he could do.' 'Ah, he has told you then,' cried Lisa eagerly, *'he has told you his secret' 'No, he has not told me. He was too much a&bamed; to tell me of anything so degraded and shameful. He is not shameless lite you,' said Eve, trembling with indignant feeling. It was all true then, all that Sefton had told her sister, all that her own jealous fears had sug gested. This woman stood before her, un abashed, ready to expatiate upon her sin. ' He has told me nothing, or if be has spoken of you it has only been to deceive me. But there are some things that are easy to guess when a woman has lived in the worldas I have and has heard other women talk. Two years ago perhaps I might have been fooled by his falsehoods ; but Tarn wiser now. I knew from the first that you had bean his mistress; that he was the father of that boy.' She pointed to the unconscious Paolo sprawl ing on the floor, tnrningthBleaveeof a picture book and doing his utmost to destroy as in destructible' Jack the Giant Killer' printed on stout linen. ' Yon knew what was not true then,' said Lisa, drawing herself up with crimson cheeks and flaming eyes. 'You 'pretend to know that which Is false, false, Una bugia indegna. He was never anything to me but a friend, my generous and noble friend. Yes, he hired this apartment for us, for La Zia and me, and he furnished these rooms and he bought me that piano and he paid the good Zinoo to teaoh me toeing. ~I owe him my fortune and all I have in the world. I -would walk barefoot all over this earth if I could make him happier by my toil. There is nothing in this world I would not do for him.' ' And ym want me to believe that he did all mis for friendship—mere friendship— he, an ?English gentleman, for an Italian peasant?' ' I don't want you to believe anything, and I don't care what you believe. He is all the world to me. You are nothing— less than nothing,' fined Lisa passionate^. 'I hate you. Bit bad not been for you he would nave married me perhaps. Who knows f ' You think he would have married you, and yet he was only your friend, you say' ' He was only my friend.' 'He brought you and your aunt from Italy and set yon up in London, and yet he was only your friend.' ?'He did not hring us from Italy. We came to London of our own accord. He was only my friend. He was never any more than my friend. If he had been I would not disown him. I love him too weJl to be ashamed.' 'You own that yon Jove him?' . . ' Yea, I am not ashamed of my love. There are people somewhere ' who worship the 3ub. I am no more ashamed than they are. I told him of say love on my knees an this room, where yen are suing. I grovelled a* his feed .and asked him' to give me heart for heart. I JhoDghttben that be would hardly fcave .been j 0 kind a benefactor to me and my mint unless beloved me; but he toMn»Aa»heJowd.«B Snriish girl and that she was to be his wife, [here was no hope for me. I wanted to kill myself, but he stopped me with his strong arms. Yes, for just one moment I was in his arms, and then he Sung me off as if I were . dirt.' 'He must have been very chivalrous to do so much for friendship,' said Eve, shaken but not convinced. The woman spoke with the accents of truth ; but Eve remembered that she was an actress, trained in the art of simulated passion. No doubt it was easy for an actress to lie like truth. 'He wanted to help us,' protested Lisa.; '-he blamed hireM* so much for ? ' She stopped, colored, and then grew pale. It was evident to her now that Mrs. Vansittart had been told nothing and she had been on the brink of a dangerous revelation. 'For what? Why did he blame himself?' 'Did I say 'blame'? I use wrong words sometimes,' she said, quick to recover herself. ' 'I hardly know your language. He pitied us; that is what I meant to say. He pitied us because we were alone and poor—two helpless women.' 'And the father of your child, where was he?' Eve asked sternly, only half convinced, ' Why did not he help you r Paolo had grown tared of his book and had gone back tolas mother's knee. He stood half hidden in Lisa's gown, looking earnestly at the stranger, his infantile mind puzzled at the tone and manner of the two women, feeling dimly that there was a tempest in the atmosphere, feeling it as the birds feel when they twitter apprehensively before the coming, of the thunder. Inquisitive as well as alarmed, and bold in his wonder, he went ? ???? r to Eve ami took hold of her gown and iua&ed; up in her face. ft She looked down at him and it was hex turn to wonder. - Of whom did the face remind her? He was the image of his mother, but it was not her face he recalled to Eve. Nor was it Vansit tartf 8 face, though she tried, shrinMngly, to trace a resemblance there, looking for some thing she hoped not to eee. No, the face re* called some other faoe, and the likeness, faint and indefinable as it was, thrilled her with a tremulous awe as if she had seen a ghost. 'You had a claim upon this child's father,' said Eve, her hand lightly touching the bojrs head and then shrinking away as if it had touched pollution, 'the strongest possible claim, for he ought to havebeen your husband. Why did not he help yon?' ; ' Because he was in his grave,' said Lisa; and again the ready tears gushed out. There was a pause and then Eve spoke in a gentler tone. 'That was hard for yon,' she said with a touch of pity. 'Yes, it was very hard. He had promised to marry me. I think he would have married me, for Paolo's sake. My baby was not born till afterwards— after his father's death.' 'Poor creature. All that was very sad. Was my husband— was Mr. Vansittart a friend of the man who died 1 Was it for his friend's sake he was kind to you f 'No, he was not a friend. It was for my sake and La Zia's that he was. kind. I tell you again he pitied us.' Eve sank into a chair, drooping, miserable. Even yet she could not believe in this storjr of . Vansittarfe chivalrous kindness to two foreign waifs who had no claim upon his friendship, not even the claim of country. She knew him benevolent, generous, full of compassion for all suffering of man or beast j but there was nothing Quixotic in his . benevolence. That vhich be had done for TiiHA vtaa too unnnTi to be expected of any man who was not a mil lionaire or a musical fanatic. He could not' have done so much without a strong motive. And then once again she reminded herself that Lisa was an actress, to whom all falsehoods and shams must be easy. She started to her feet, indignant with this woman for deceiving her; angry with herself for. being so easily duped. 'I don't' believe a word you have told ine,' she cried. 'I believe that Mr. Yansittart was your lover— my husband, John Vansittan), and no other; and when he came here the other day you had lured him back to your net.' 'You don't believe— you don't believe in Paolo's dead father? Don't cry, Carissimo; she is a cruel woman, but she shan t hurt you,' the boy having begun to whimper, soared by ??? the women's angry voices. 'I will make yon believe. I will show you. bis likeness— the likeness I have never shown to anyone else. It is a bad one; it does not make him half handsome enough. He was handsome; he had hair* as light as yours, only* reader, and; he was very fair — a true Englishman. He was not as handsome as your husband— no, there is no one else like him. Shall I show you his picture? Will you believe me then? She did not wait for an answer, but ran into the adjoining room, f pulled a heavy, iron clamped box from under the bed — the box which contained her jewels— unlocked it and came running back with a photograph in her hand.; 'It was taken at Burano by a man who came from Venice one summer morning and photographed lihe church, and the street, and the bridge, and as many of the people as would pay him a few soldi for a likeness. X have kept it hidden away since he died. It hurt me to look at it, remembering his end. But there'— pushing the photograph in front of Eve's sullen, distrustful countenance— 'look at it to your heart's content, signora. That , man was the father of my child 1 Believe or not believe, as you please.' . . Eve glanced with a careless contempt at the . faded sun-pictore- r-a had photograph, which time had made woree— the blurred image of a face which, as her widening gaze fastened upon it, flashed back *llr the picture -of ber. cmldhood upon £ re's jnhtd. . : . .... 'Ob, God!' ehe cried. 'My brother Harold!' The door opened as ehe spoke andloofcing up she found herself faoe to Jaee with her hus band. . She turned to Mm hopelessly inherfeewMer mentu . ♦'Did you know 7' she asked. *' Was it for my sake you were kind to her! Was that the link between you?' -. . . ? 'No,Fatima,'he answered sternly, 'My Blue Chamber holds a ghastlier secret than that. I was kind *oher because I killed her lover. Are you satisfied now? Yon wanted to know the' worst. . You would not be content. We were united, happy, Adoring each other; the happiest husband and wife in ail London, perhaps; but you would not be satisfied. I entreated you to trust me. _ I assured you, with every asseveration a man could make, that I was true to you. But you would not believe. You were like, ypur first namesake ; you lent your ear to the whisper of the snake. You were jealous by a woman's instinct and you let Sefton feed your jealousy. Well, you are content now, perhaps. You have his picture in your had-— fthesnoture of the man I fcffled.' ...---. 'You killed hhnS Yonf 'It sounds like madness, doesn't it, but it's true all the same. .A vulgar incident enough —nothing xomsntao about the story. That man whose likeness you hold and whom you recog nise as your brother— that man and I met aa strangers in a Venetian cafe* £n Carnival time. This young woman here and her aunt were with me— thechance acquaintance of the after noon. We had known each other only a few hours, had we, FiordelisaS You did even know my name. . 'Only a few hours,' nodded Lisa. ' He had been on a journey and had been drinking. He came on us unawares, and he chose to take offence because Lisa -and her aunt and I were Bitting at the same table. He . was easily jealous— as you are. It runs in the family, perhaps. He assaulted me brutally and I fought him almost as brutally.* It would' have all ended harmlessly enough with arongh mauling of each other— perhaps a black eye or abrokennose, but as Fate would have I had a dagger ready to my hand, and «xasperatedat a little extra brutality on his parti stabbed him. Luck was against us both. That angle thrust of * dagger might have resulted in a trivial wound. It killed him.' 'And you let me love yon— you let me be your wife— knowin&t;*hafc you had murdered my brother?' said Eve, trembling in every limb, white as death. 'No, Evb. It was not murder. It is the intention that makes the crime. He was un armed—drunk.' I ought to have spared him, I .suppose-^bnt he set upon me like a tiger. It was brute force against brute faros. The knife was an unlucky accident.' 'He had just bought it in the froouratie,' explained Lisa, 'henad no thought of killing him. You do not known how violent the TfiynpiiatimMi oould be. TTp vas cruel to 7na sometimes—he struck me many times when he was angry.' M Yon take the part of the murderer against the murdered — though this man would have married you, would have made you an honest woman.' . 'He had promised,' said Lisa doubtfully. Eve put the photograph to her white lips and kissed it passionately again, and again, and yg*'w- 'fOh, Harold,' she said, 'to have hoped so long for your return, to have prayed so many useless prayers i Yon were dead— dead before that chUd was bom.' She looked at the boy, reckoning the years by the child's growth. Four years, at least, she told herself. 'And you dared to make meyourwife, to Jet me love you with a Jove that was Almost worship,' she cri^d, turning upon Vansittart with dilated eyes, *' knowing ihai you had killed the brother I loved so dearly. You beard me talk of him — you pretended to sympathise with me— and you knew that you hadkfljedjjiro.' 'I did not know. There was no such thing ae certainty. When I asked you to be my wife 1 knew nothing of your brotberfs fate. After wards, »hV« we were engaged, ,the idea was «Hggeel^to»ebyyonr«BoW*rieiiieefton ; '—who wanted to put a etumbUng block' in the i«jf of oar marriage, fie enpeeeded in tracing ytrtir brother , to Venice and lie read the -story after iis own lights. He thought Harold Merchant was the man who struck the fatal blow. He did not take him for the victim. Sut the links in hie chain of evidence were not over strong— and I had ample justification for not accepting his assertions as certainties. And you loved me, didn't you. Eve, and our marriage was likely to makeyourlife fairer and brighter, was it not?' ? ; 'What of that? Do you think I should have weighed my own love or my own happi ness against my brother's life ? Do you think I would have married you if I had known the truth?' . . . . 'You would not, perhaps; and two lives yronld have been spoiled by your loyalty to the dead — who would sleep none the more peace fully because of your sacrifice and my misery. Did you owe him so much, this wandering . brother of yours 1 What kindness had he ever shown you? What care had he ever taken of you?' 'He was my brother and I loved him dearly.' ....... 'And didrnotl.Iove you and had^not I Borne claim upon you!' asked Vansittart in : dignantly. . ' Could you have let me go witii ontatear?' . . ' 'No, no, no. I adored yon from the first— yes,tthat first night on the snowy road and at the ball, when you were so kind. Other people sneered at our misfortunes, but you and your sister were all kindness— and X began to love you almost at onoe, foolishly, ridiculously, without a hope, without one dream of being loved again. But, let my love be what it would, the love of a lifetime, it would have made no difference. Nothing would have in duced me to marry the man who killed my .brother. Oh, God,' she cried hysterically, 'the hands that I have kissed so often— stained with blood— Harold's life-blood I' 'I thought as much,' said Vansittart doggedly. 'I told myself that you would not marry me if you knew my secret. I told my self that two lives would be spoiled— it was a 'question perhaps of half a century of happi ness for two people — because of Obe angry pas sions of one night— of a night, of a minute. The deed was done in less time than the bronze {giants [of the dock-tower would have token to strike the hour. Because onoe {in my life, for one instant, under grossest provoca . toon, I let my temuer master me, and L an Englishman, acted like a Colorado miner— because of that one savage impulse two lives were to be spoilt, two hearts were to be broken. I spent a night of agony deliberating this question, Eve. Mark you, it was within a few weeks of our wedding-day that your kindred with the dead man was first suggested tome.' 'Yon knew that you had killed a fellow, creature?' 'Yes, I knew, and I had suffered all the bitterness of a long remorse and I had given myself absolution ; and when I knew the worst, knew at least the possibility that the man I. had killed was your brother, even then, after most earnest questioning, I told myself that - it was best for both of us that we should marry. Our lives were our own. Neither of us was responsible to that dead man in his grave. But now, now that I see how dear he was to you, now that I know which way your heart turns, I wish to God that he had killed me and*that]I were lying where he lies among that quiet company by the lagune.' They were alone together, Lisa having slipped away, taking the boy with her when she found the revelation inevitable. Let them fight it put these two, and if this Englishwoman loved her dead brother better than her living . husband and chose to desert that noble hus band and' thus show of what poor stuff she was made, there 'was Lisa, who adored him, who would follow him through the world if he would let her, with fidelity that neither time nor trouble could change. . Eve stood for a iew moments mutely look ing at the blurred photograph, the wretohedest production of an itinerant photographer's camera, in which one hand was out of focus, jointless, fingerless, monstrous. Poor -as the image was it brought back the days of her childhood as vividly as if it had been the finest work of art that Venice could produce. How well .she remembered him, ; how dearly she had loved him. His holidays had been a season of boisterous gladness,. his return to Eton a time of mourning. He had- .given interest and delight to ail her childish amuse ments. He had^ taught her to ride, he had taught her ' to shoot- with . jan - air gun, which was one of nis Choicest pos sessions. He had 'taught her to ' serve at tennis, to play billiards on the old womout table, where the, balls rattled against the cushions as on cast-iron. He had done all these things in a casual way, never sacrificing any inclination or engagement of his own to her pleasure— but in after days, when he was gone, vanished out of her life, she knew not whither, it seemed to her that he had been the kindest and most unselfish of brothers. , And he was dead, had been dead lor years, cut off . in the prime of his manhood Tiy a remorseless hand. He was dead and. the -man who had slain him stood before her, pale, resolute, im. penitent— her husband. And the boy whose treble voice sounded now and |tgn.i»f from the next zoom— the child from whose lightest contact she had shrunk,: with jealous abhorrenos---that ohfld was of * her kindred, no matter how basely born.; he was all that was left to her of the brother she had loved and it was not for her to shrink from him. : (To he corainwd.) 