Tile Hilols of Rimmin. A Story ot the " lack Country" of Southl Staffordshire. BY JEiANIE GWY'NNE BETTANY. (Published'lnb Special Ai ,prraemcntwivith dtcsr. Ward, oc, , Bolwden, and Co.. ClAPTER JIJ"-- C onleind7j . David, slow thdugh •he w;as" could. *take the-impression of a tones as quickly. as anyonei;. and he fel~flthat Fubal was making, game of his arand mother;, and it- cut him :to. the heart.? Jubal had, known, her bitt -as a querulous old woman, itwas true; but 1)avid had::knownhe,r ias thile ipationt, haid-wonrkg min nother of the family. He could reinember mnyaktine .being rocked in" lher arms at the cottage door, when hie had fallen, down, or when somne playfellow had been litting him. .He did not put all this in words, but hle said. witlh a gentle dignity which became him greatly SYOU asked me, Jubal, not to speak about your grandfathellr, or our child hood. .I now beg of,you not. to refer to your grandmother, whom younever knew" -I repeat it, never knew; for people are:not- thomselves but someone else, whoeh they are wornl down by many griefs~; 'Oh, all right, uncle,' said Jubal. 'I didn't mean to hurt you. It's all true whatyousay. I was only jolking either.' ' That was just it,' said David, ' you were joking'-. They were now passlng a ruined engine-house,; and Jubal, happening to glance downi, saw lying half hidden under a rusty wheel what appeared to be a bundle of parchment' lHe took it up, and dlLiberately put itinto his pocket. ' What's that ?' asked his uncle. 'A bit of old parchment.sombody has thrown away.' ' But you have never examined it. It might be some important document. I don'.t knowhow you are to know, if you don't examine it.' The fact is that Jubal did know what it was, and did not wish his uncle to know-that is, he know to a certain extent. He had recognised his father's handwriting upon it; that was enough for. him. Yes; the knife had been to the grinder's, and haind got sharpened; but it seemed to have dreams of cutting on its own account. Jubal, hlaving a notion that his uncle was pondering over what hie had picked up, and wishing to change his thoughts, re marked, ' What an awful mess this road makes of one's boots and one's trousers!' 'You can turn your trousers up~,' replied his uncle, loolking, down at Jubal's. ' I'. turned mizieY ip :in the station.' '.But you see,' returns Jubal,/ in aa lordly fashion, '.tro;user-bottonis nhver sit well when they've been turned up. It quite spoils the look.' This: kind of talk was beyond. David's comprehension. But just as he' :had always thought that Joshlua S]knew petter than ho did, so now he : though6 that Jitbal did, at least, in most things. Tho stronger will has often this kind of effect on the weaker one. A stiong wind is propelling a boat on a, courso which threatens disaster :'surecly the wind cannmot bo' at fault. Why then trouble to alter the sails ?. The .oat may be blown upon the rocks', u; ndu: smashed .to; atoms, but what. of th'at?: One must submit to the'ill of 1Providence. Jubal pulled his coat a little down,' and smoothed a wrinkle;: They were, in the road where his father lived. In the. houses they had to jpas's, people might be at the: windows-~-people' he: had known, and who had known him when he wasshabby, and used to' go about with a stoop. Boys he used to" play marbles with wovuld probably soo, him. Well, if they did they should see a gentleman, a fashionable man of the world, Jubal thought, who was not ruined by his father disinheriting him,: who was not coming home in sackclothl and "ashes to .denotte his repentance, but in as fashionable a suit as the best Manchester tailor could make for him,: anrid with an air and nianier 'befitting such clothes. . It' was no beggar, coming to his fatlior's house ".to :as bread. Jubal went as. a prince :con ferring, a favour by his presence. , The door was oponed.o Sarali, who had not soon Jubal;so, long;, c uild: hardly keepI her joy 'in. She seized him after theimariner: of the' Black • Country people, not too gently. ' Arid, oh, what a beoautiful :gentlman 'he's grown into,' sheb exclaiied. :': 'Bless his handsome faco..' , : :;. It wias not until- sho had ekxhausted as manyoepithets as.sho?oiold think of, that she legaiti to notice that Jubal was not so effusive. .-;In fact, he was considering whether, :she, had been cooking, and might .:possibly greaso his clothos.; 'Ho said--,^:: , 'Oh, soit's you, ;Sara1. H-i ow do you do ?' This without:.' a smilo, and in a very condescondling way; . and he was about to pass iei., when he turned' back, and putting lis :hand in his pookot, took outlialf-a-crowio . ' Hero, Sarah,' he *said, supoeriorly, 'you lent me half-a-cronn once,; here :it is. I just romomberiod it.' Sarah stared at hlim in blank amaze: ment, but.did not:hold out hor handl- tho hard-working, .rouigh hali d that was always so ]kindly:and so reandy to labour to the utterinostinloving otliccs for those sho carod fori, Jubal dropped the half-oroli into her h]iand, taking great care no toto :ouch hor with his glove. -The touoi: of tho cold o i eotal seemed to mnakeo Sarahli realiso thF;e i uth.- Shli flung it from hoar, and flung lher apron over her head, anid .began to sob, while she gaspidd out: ::... 'No,: I will never take it; no, not if I were starving. T2o think that I would ha' give all my savings for one shake of his hand.' Jubal flushed, and drew off one of his tight-fitting gloves. ' 'Dear me;' he said, ' if it's: a ,shake~-hands: you want, I don't ,object, to shaking hands;' anrd he held out a hand white enough to hliai e done.ao lady ci"edit, but the gui.l: woild :,not takeo it. How many have had to suffer a like disappointmen?; how?fewaire :irepared for it beforehanrdi~ Our br'otheor or :ir sis;ter goes away from ·s fo?r years, to come back agaii;:, so the wombrld sa-s. The" Ibody returns, perhaip$; , lb'it the same self never. Woehave said goodd bye to thant person forov?er Yet thloso who stay.at home think of the absent day and night during the lonig years, dand break tlheir .hearts when but a ghost of tihe lost one comes, home. Jubal erely did. as the vwold: does; only Sarah hadl. never thoulght out the question.' She knew that for yeais she had 'l~lghtonod his life when he 'was at home and miserable, that she :hal'"dining the past week prepared all lkinds' of plea sant surprises for hini.. Aid now :he treated lier like a"stranger, and ;did not even shake hands wit her. O0 simple Sarah ! with your good heart,, you have made and hidden .away in the oupboard an apple-pasty for him ; but his. tastes have changed, he does, not care for applo-pasty now. Pate dZ foew gra is imore in lis line.. You may ,as. well leavve the pasty ini. tihe clpboard where it it. , But people in the Blac? Count.y don't cry quietly. They id o.. nothing by halves. And Sarah's cry ubilugl t M\iss Dorcas on the.scene, resplendent in a green silk. :. V'Whatever's tlis disturbance about ?' said ,that lady. B. Iut.her eyes falling on her nephew, she was , thunder struck by his. appearance.. Could this handsome .figure that might have come out .of a. gentleman's faslhion book be her nephew Jubal ? :It s6med impossible. . . ' How d'ye, do, aunt ?' said Jubal, exteuiding the' tips of his fingers; ' I think you are: too fine for such a house, as this,' ':she remarked sonimewhao t cuttingly. t 'We are not grand enough for such-.a fine gentle man.' S'Al,' said Jubal,-with a mock bow. (Sarah had slipped away into the kitchen.) 'It is not to enjoy myself I have :como,- but to see the, nakedness of the land. You- see,' he said, hop ing his father was somewhere within heanring. 'I've .not let my Scripture knowledge rustL But really, aunt, yon nare behind the times down here.at Tiicrley; green isn't in fashion, you know; now--not in Manchester.' This was a very spiteful thrust, and ift went home. You are very rude, indeed,' rejoined Dorcas, feeling the glory die out of her gireen silk never theoloss. .'.I get the frishion-plates rfegulhrly. ::I know whht's in fashion betteir than ~you. ?.Well,: Da'vid;,' - hsh said,., ti~i?ng. abrup tly fowad?s. her br0ier aiid, cobol fanil3y-kiss ,was exchanged. - 'But whern:~o as Mrs. Himmon all this time: :::::Will ibeli believed she was within hearing aind yet : did not ciome to speak to her son'? Sho- was half afriaid. IHe did niot seem to have receiived the others wello ; what, would he thilnk of:her? ::-:: . - J: ubal wexnt into the dining-room,; not seeing his mothei in the dark. passage -leading into the kitchen. The table waslaid-for dinner.-.: Jubal loolil; at everything on.- the table, while his Uincle and his father shook hlands - Mr. Rimmon was determined not to be theI first to speak to his son,- and Jubal decided that lie could live without shaking hands with his father; so there was no sort of greet ing letween them. - Jubal meant-to speak to his father, if there were any occasion; as he would speak to any stranger ;- a'n d an occasion camoe Jubal sat down' on one of the chairs, aid ·. ot up again directly, looking scornfully at it. \- Y' You don't mean to say thalt, yoi'ye niot had the spring of that ,chair imended yet ?' he said to his father,: and that was all. i ::-l, . :Dinner must. come. in,; and .iMrs. Rimon knew she could .delay. no longe'r, so she timidlyj eiteroed thoe room;,her face nervously 0orkting,: and her tears ready to fall., .. Tuiibal kissed her; fiand hild: ler fiem him and loolked at herand kissed her MissDorecas, seeing this. : . :'N1o,' said, Tubal,, standingwtith his arm 'r6und:: his mother's waist, it has riot Teli farce ill begin when thie nminister comes in to tea,: and, ,you and father act th lovingO fnmily befome v ery pale, and hoekmn pale in hem blackl dress;. which:she wore .for iher rahndmotr her ubl ciai oiuld haidly boliovo it was his sister. T io:sllort, crispblack cuils w eroe the same .as ever, but the feathures e;appearid t.o be changed; they were more pointed aiT chango'e die to thlinness. >, ;I' 5:i:?:; She nent fiLrif and kissed hmer;uncle Dav id HEe piressdhil ei hand en counraginigly, and was much: te.ndeier than 'ove in~his mannair towvards' her.m fThoi z?I ezlmah evnt beblinid Tba'iis.d Chaim, ::?ai :aleaning,, everi ;kisse: l?isi. Oh 011 Kozah,' oxcinimed Jub al, starting, . ' how frightflly 'cold ':your hips are!': / :' Aro thoeyP?: said' Kzia,?:wit, a, wan smile. :and sho too]k her i,?!ce at tho table, hissing h~r mother a siihsi' ipass'd lieir. A The dooi was noinflung open, and Mr. Hickbit swaggeroed it,and 'sur 4 oiodtheio company with a- leei;r' He. gave ageeieral nod, Esat doni iiad plfhc'd ]is nijakin acidss his lniices.~ i :'Well biother-ia-law,' said Jubld acios?s th e:, tnablo, ' :youir: valet l:hisl :ineilcted you' this morning. Do:?yiiou know your toilot's rather dofoectiveo ?' Mr.: Hlaokbit looked seveorely hcroass at Jubal, and remarked with some as perity that he would rather wear no clothes at all than be dressed up like a doll, as Jubal was. Dorcas was sitting next to him. ' Your necktie's right under your ear,' .she said, 'and 'yous look as if you'd' been in bod in your clothes.' ' And you, retorted Hackbit, look ing critically, at his. aunt 'and her get-up,' 'you look is if yoau'd?.just como out from under a glass shade, you do.' ' Oh, don't let? us have any quar relling,' put in David.; ''What can be the 'use of that?' :, After.dinner: Jubal" aninounced his intiention of taking a stroll.. The mother would have liked to beg him to remain with her, but.how could she 'itate6'tof this son who had grown into such a gentleman ?" ' ' Yes, show yourself to the inhabi tants,' . was Hackbit's comment. 'Y6'u'll collect a crowd if jyou go out.' ' You'll collect a bigger crowd than I. shall some - ay,'" retorted-, Jub'il. ' And really, ,.Hackbit,'. he said, eye ing his brother-in-law with .a good deal of merriment in his face, ' I want to light a cigar, and I believe I could, do it at your nose. Have you been acting the clown, :and forgotten to wash your face?'. With this.home thrust he went out; and Keziah helped to eldar the table. Mr. Rimpler was to come in to. tea. Ho had been invited to dinner, but had made an oexcuse. .When tea-tinme came he appeared. : . There was a marked coldness in Dorcas's manner; of receiving -Mr. Rimpler, .which:that gentleman could well account for. He, for his part, appeared to have some fine joke on hand, and laughed to himself :without any evident reason several times in succession,. and at each laugh Miss Dorcas coloured. He .was, however, scrupulous in' his attentions to her, and also'seemed to take some interest in Jubal, whom.ho had been led to suppose a very different sort of person. . ,:. ., . CHIAPTER XLV. MOREn ITTER .TIHA SWEET. When at last the evening was over, and 'it was time to go homine, M]r. Iimpler offered to escort Miss Dorcas, which seemed natural enough; but no sooner had he made the proposal than Dorcas said, spitoefully, ' No, thank you, Mr. Rimpler, I am no chicken, and am not at all afraid of being in the Old Park myself at night.' In spite of this, Rimpler did go with her; and they walked along in silence for a considerable distance. At last MIiss Dorcas said, snap pishly, 'Are you going to speak, or not, Silas?' Mr. Rimpler gave a snort, and said in a tone of some bitterness, ' I don't remember the occasion on which I aisked you to call me Silas. When I begin to call yoit Dorcas, you'll have some excuse.' -: The unquenchable spirit of the spin ster rose. ~' And if I did callyou Silas, hiow many aliens and outcasts would lie glad to hiave somebody to take thenmby the hand, and call them by their Christian name ? ' But I happento be neither an alien nor an outcast. I tollyou once for all, you must drop it.' ' Oh, Silas? '. M ?. -Rimpler stopped in the path way. "If you don't drop it, '. I won't go another inch with ybu; so now you know.:. And another thing I should like to refer to is your manner of malk irng signs to me beforepeople.' And you never take any notice wheOi I do,' iiterrupted Miss Dorcas, ' no matter hdw important it may be.' ' "And I niever will notice. I tell you once:for all, I won't have it. Do you thiik I want all the world to be lieve we :haye a secret understanding together ?. It was. disgusting all.the evening to.see your eye fixed on me every time'I looked your way.' ,'And' tlhis after, the-:way you. left me in, the Old Park list night,' safid Dorcas growing irate in her turn. Tlhey wore on the same ground now. .. '. .'ll leave' you here again if you don't minid.' SThen you'll leave all that T have to communicate to you. ' SI: don't care a d- about your coimmunications.' 'Yu ' nou know you do,"oryon wouldn't hlave taken so much trouble about it all; Well at ny a?yrate, I got the papois you nasked me o get out~ of .Joshua s ~sa~fe,' · ; :Where are they?' responded Silas, now interested in a .moment, and be t:rayed into showit~i it., He,had not expected this. : -',VWell; .?waited here, till I was cold and ired, last night, and I lost them; "othYii: lotthem" s;"sai Bimpior, horror-stricken. ,.,.,;::.. .' Yes, and I ha: thlem safe enough, wheln you came fist'i ,anda: you'd, have ihad, them :if:. it lhadn't been for your goino off wOith that foreign er. Iheard you deny me to hlim,; and laugh when he said that I was no;chicken. . Men are bad enoug foi anything:'., But Silas hd n?tb beo listening to hrei last 'wnords. Her was, absorbed 3yfthe tlhouglhtthat the papers, were lost.: At last:ho direw a long breath, eas if: hle lied forgoftten to breathe a f-ew moments, and was malking.fup" for "it., . iVell' li.e said 'wlhat a fool I have been' ' :Dorcas was infinitely rehlieved to finid it was not ' herself ie was ;'calling :a 'fool. I miight kno thait 'aawoman 'nas sure to mak'e an:ass, of herself in buiisiness,' io added;. iThis somewhat poiled-the sootlhing offect of; thoe 'last enitencehe .e had :uittered. :: : ::.:i!iT had noW comrie t, a standstill, (2eb lBb. Cen~tfiauaeZ) ' 