AN APOSTOLIC POSTSCRIPT. BY BEV. JOHN MCNEILL. IT seems as though the Apostle John had intended to close his Gospel at the end of chapter ,xx. You can see him finishing his manuscript .-after having written :— "And many other signs truly did Jesus in *the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book : But these are written that ye vmight believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son \- of God ; and that believing ye might have life tthrough His name." There, I believe, he meant his Gospel to end. But the Holy Spirit, on whom we depend for our Scripture, its authenticity, authoiity, and accuracy, and not on the evangelists themselves, the Holy Spirit brought the things contained in chapter xxi. to his remembrance. He eagerly unrolled his scroll: " Dear me! Why was I .going to publish my narrative about the life of Christ with this left out T In speaking in this human way of our Divine Book I am not to be considered as weakening by one jot its Divine inspiration. What is inspiration? I do not know, and you cannot tell me. It is the subtlest miracle that ever God wrought, so fleet and nimble and subtle that it has been the despair of theologians ever since they began to study it, and will ba so to the end. It is a fascinating subject, but, as I say, it is at once the desire and the despair of an interpreter who -would attain to a knowledge of it. But while ..-actual definition and knowledge are difficult, we bar* here an illustration of it. Here it is jogging the Apostle's memory after he thought he was • done, making him write this postscript, for it is . agreed on all hands that this twenty-first chap ter has a postscript look about it. Here the Holy Spirit prevents a man from forgetting what He wanted to reveal. The matter he is adding ig an additional proof of the Resurrection, and \- there we have an explanation of why this post- ; script was written. The truth of the Resurrection is one that must be overwhelmingly proved. It was as if the Holy Ghost had looked down ' the ages and seen that in the end of the nineteenth century there would be questionings as to the date and the authority of this Gospel. So " He said, "Ob, ye critics, I will break your \ hearts with instances of the Resurrection, and your teeth with nuts to crack." So He would • establish in all its glorious strength and immensity the fact that God in Christ lived and died and rose again. Of all the irritating things that we defenders of God's Word have to endure this is the worst—that when somebody over in 1 Germany writes a book to prove that the Gospel by Matthew, Mark, Luke, or John belongs to some other century, an Englishman must sit • down and write an equally learned book on the other side. Let it stand there. The man who , cannot take God's Book as he finds it, will not take it in through'apologetics—as a rule, i never yet found a man who did. Now, let u3 look at the story. These were trying times for disciples. Remember what • discipleship meant then. To-day it may be dull \- and humdrum enough—trotting to church aud \- home again, with a little extra trotting to special meetings once in a while—a mere flicker that . soon passes away. But from the beginning it • was not so. You object to excitement in reli gion 1 Well, you would never have done for one . of the first disciples. From the day in which they joined hinds with Jesus, their dull days were over. They simply never knew What was \- going to happen next. You say you do not be- /lieve in sensation in religion. I beg to say that I do not believe in a religion that has no sensation. It is not the religion of Jesus Christ, For that is the freshest, liveliest, and most stirring thing that ever entered into the heart of man or a community of men. Whenever you find it getting very dull, so that people can rstand it, you may know there is something wrong. Sensation does not mean vulgarity. There is nothing so grand or fine as the religion of Jesus ''Christ. As I have frequently said since I came to Aberdeen, there are no false notes in it; but -it 19 in the deepest and truest sense real excite' tneht and sensation. It is the breaking up of . death, and is not that sensation? Is "not the •spring a sensational time, when the icy bands of . winter are breaking before one's eyes, and the . hare black earth begins to be covered with its mantle of green, and the flowers appeal, and thfe singing birds come back 1 You like the excitement, the revival of the springtime ; why object r to it where . it is still more needed—in the dull, dead heart of us 1 . The life of the disciples had always been .a life of sensation, because Jesus had been in the midst of them. But now it was more wonderful .than ever. The Master had been betrayed by one of themselves. Surely there was a sensation In-that. Don't you know of anybody in Aberdeen who sells Jesus for gold? Ah! that sensation is among us every day we live. The disciples had seen Him taken, scourged, crucified, aiid buried. Surely there must have been breathless excitement in that. And, wonder of wonders ! He htid risen from the dead and had appeared to them; had convince! them of His identity, and had breathed on them the Holy Ghost, and said, "As the Father hath sent Me, so send I you." Yet here wef find them away j up in Galilee idling, doing nothing. Jhe Lord wanted them to go there and wait for Him ; and a waiting time is always a testing time. At last Peter said, " Well! well! come He soon or come He late"—and perhaps his manly mouth twitched as he added, " or come He not at all—I am going to fish ; I cannot stand this waiting any longer. Let U3 go and do 6ome work." He did not say heroically, " Let us go and convert the world." but, " Let us go and catch fish." It was a good step down, you think. But when some great and terrible trial comes upon us, it is the doing of the humdrum common-places of life that keeps us from going to pieces- Some of the commentators are always down on Simon Peter. They never can get over the fact that he denied his Lard, and they always seem to think of him as cursing and swearing. Altogether it does look for a good while as though he were the wrong man for the Lord's work. He is not at all as composed as we consider a preacher of the Gospel ought to be. But the Lord made no mistake in calling Peter to be a preacher of His Gospel. All the apostle's blundering and going wrong was worth the trouble. I am inclined to say with respect to some of us— not even excepting my ministerial brethren— that three grains of Simon Peter at his worst would be a beginning of days for us. Unfortunately most of us belong to that dismal crowd who never sai4 a foolish thing and never did a wise one. We are " content to dwell in decen- cies for ever," and the Lord leaves us there. We are so awfully concerned for our reputation. Either the editorial or the ecclesiastical Mrs. Grundy has frightened the soul out of us.. Thank God, Peter had got rid of that terrible old woman! He preserved his individuality and his outspokenness. And one day the Lord gave him 3,000 souls, and that in a city that was mad drunk with its Redeemer's blood. How many of us want to trim Peter ; but, then, what have you left ? There are those who would send Samson to have his hair cut, so as to make him look respectable ! Then he would be like other people — and just as useless 1 But Peter is showing here that the Lord made no mistake in His man when He chose him to be " a soldier of the Cross, a follower of the Lamb." Now let us be like him. Let us get something to do. Do not go moping about the shores of Time, as these disciples were doing on the shores of Galilee. What were they doing ? Putting in the time till Christ should come. What are we doing ? What is the continual attitude of the Church of Christ on earth but just this waiting for His coming ? As they ran away up into a far corner of PaleEtine, and waited till Christ should come, so we are away in the far corner of the nineteenth century ; and still He does not come. The word He left by the man who saw Him last was, "Behold, I come quickly." I beg to Bay that nineteen hundred years count for something; surely it is " a while of a forenoon," both in God's calendar and in man's. How are. we to put in the time ? Peter gives us the right idea. I do not say he did it perfectly, Jesus is coming, as He promised ; what are we to do 1 For one thing, do not mope. I know of no doctrine that might do us more good, or that is more spoiled, practically, than this doctrine of waiting for our Lord's return. It is a thing that the Church seems occasionally to take down from the shelf, to frighten herself into good behaviour when she has got terribly worldly. What she should do is to use it permanently and steadily as a leverage for patient, faithful service. So do not go about the shores of Time saying— I'gin to be aweary of the san, And wish the world were at an end. You know you don't. You are just as fond of the world as your neighbours, and if the Crack of Doom were to sound, you would be considerably surprised and frightened. Do not talk rant or cant about the Lord's coming. Neither sit down with your Bible between your knees and turn over its pageB to find out when He is due. Woe is me for the folly of those who say they have discovered that the. Lord is going to arrive on such and such a day"! I pity those poor people who cannot get that Euphrates to dry up, or those ten horns to go on to some beast, just to Do not hold the truth that way, Then how shall we hold it 7 Because you believe the Lord is coming, go out and do your best work. I do not say a word about pre- tnillenarianism or postmillenarianisia ; 'I am-not interested. Let us hold the doctrine practically. Let us beware of heresy on the one hand, and lunacy on the other. Be diligent that you may be found of Bim in peace. How iwe spoil our Lord's second coming. In the midst of our day's, work let us often betake ourselves to it as unto a mountain of myrrh, or a hill of frankincense, till the day break and the shadows flee away. He said, " A little while," and when He comes it will be found to be a little while .—Christian. 