ACADEMY OF MUSIC. “HAMLET.” The Academy was filled with an attentive and enthusiastic audience last night to wit ness the performance of “Hamlet.” The fact that Mr Dampier was to play the Prince, and that the excellent company with him were to support this artist, had no doubt much to do with the attraction, and those who were present last evening must have been highly delighted with the Intel lectual treat afforded. Mr Dampier’s Hamlet is evidently the outcome of careful study. From the moment when the words, “ A little more than kin and less than kind” leave the prince's lips until the closing words are uttered, he commands un divided and absorbed attention. His appeal to the ghost, and his subsequent denunciation of , the, murderous Claudius, were excellent examples of ' dramatic oratory. Nothing could have been more beautiful or pathetic than the scene between Hamlet and Ophelia. There were shown passionate anger, absorb ing love curbed in by jnst resultment and the fearful doubt as to the cognisance of her father’s presence by Ophelia. Mr Dampier was perhaps at his best in the scene in tho great soliloquy, “ Now, lam alone.” In tho graveyard scene, where, torn by con-: flicting emotions, realising too late the loss of his love, driven to murderous intent by the act of his uncle and Laertes, Mr Dampier achieved a triumph, and at the close, when all have gone , and left him alone with his sorrow, he falls broken-hearted over the grave of his love, many of the audience present were moved to tears. The performance is one that lives in after thought, aud the beauty of the poet’s lan guage, the wonderful poetry of .prose are shown by a master hand. A charming creation is that of Ophelia. What a wonder ful combination of the virtues and tollies of our erring natures, and how many actresses are there who fail to grasp the hidden depth of poetry that lies beneath its surface. Miss Rose Dampier has pro fited most ably by her father’s teaching, and played' with considerable ability.' She has evidently made the part a study, and she was most effective in the mad scene. Here her fine voice told with considerable effoct aud the words, “ Why here’s a daisy,” showed the great sorrow of Ophelia’s mad ness, .In the scene with Hamlet, where she returns his love token, she was admirable. Mr Holloway is splendid as the Ghost; his reading is intellectual, and his deep sonorous voice gave depth and solemnity to the part, while the brother Claudius was an excellent effort on the part of Mr Vernon, whose reading of the prayer “ Oh, my offence is rank,” was especially to be admired. His royal lady, Gertrude, showed Miss Merton to great advantage, and her dresses were pictures of taste. Laertes is a credit to Mr Rolfe in every sense of the word. He is earnest, and in the latcor acts where the first chance for dramatic power comes, he played with considerable ability and force. Mr Martin’s Polonius was an ex cellent one. There is no touch of buffoonery and the advice was read in a most artistic manner. Mr Kede is capably unctious as tho gravedigger, and the fine old comedy was capitally delivered by this actor, whilst Mr Harford may compliment himself upon his performance as the actor, and Miss Bilton and Mr Tasman upon their representations of the player queen and Rosenorantz, a com pliment which may likewise be extended to Horatio. The general mounting was admir able, and the archteologicol correctness of the castle and throne room, reflect the highest credit on the management. To-night “ His Natural Life” will be produced. 