THE ROMANCE OF A CRIME. 'THE " hard times" that hovered over Victoria, did not disdain to knock at Mr. Junker's house. He was compelled to " join the great majority," not of those who actually died, but of those who found it very difficult to live. He had paid his way whilst he could, and when he couldn't lie followed the time- honoured custom of going into debt. The debts mounted and the duns called, but Junker had no money for them. He had no cash and the tradespeople were full up of his credit. Writs were threatened, but Junker heeded them not. lie felt that the blow must come and there was no good in worrying over the inevitable. The blow fell at last. A writ was served upon him, there was no defence,for Junker could not deny the debt, and in due course an execution was put in. The sheriff's officer was a mild and affable little old man, but in the e.vet of Mr. and Mrs, Junker he was a raging lion jjoiu" about-seeking whom he might devour, his prey in this particular instance being the Junker furniture and other personal property. The peculiarity in the bailiff that struck Junker's notice was the mania that the minion of the law possessed for talking about crime. He had a morbid love for talking about robberies with violence, burglaries by armed criminals, and it soon became patent to Junker's understanding that the bailiff had a great tear that some day he would be the victim of a murderous outnig-e.- In other words, the bailiff was as timid as a hare, though, of course, bravery of n high standard was scarcely to be expected in a ma n who followed the unberoic occupation of a sheriff's officer. Assoon as.) unker came to the conclusion that the. man in possession was a coward, an idea occurred to hiui, and suggested the possibility of saving bis treasured furniture from the sheriff's hammer. He mentioned it to his wife, and as a woman will risk anything to save her furniture, it was resolved to put the plan against the. execution into execution. The preparations to be made were very simple. Junker hired a van for midnight, explaining to the vanman that it was a case of " bolting the moon," and the sympathetic furniture remover had no scruples of conscience in helping a lame dog over a style. A dark-lantern and some crape completed the preparations. That evening Junker regaled the bailiff with accounts of burglaries of the most atrocious kind that a vivid imagination could picture, and when at eleven o'clock the bailiff retired to rest, with his boots and clothes on, bis flesh was all a-quiver with the ghastly stories that he had held. Ho dozed off about midnight. Meanwhile Mr. Junker lit the dark-lantern, put crajie on hir, face and armed himself with a rollingpin. Mrs. Junker arrayed herself in a suit of her husband's clothes, also craped her face atid carried Mr. Junker's pipe- case as if it were a deadly revolver. As soon as all was ready, the van had arrived. "If you make a noise you're a dead man," hissed a gruff voice in the ear of the slumbering bailiff. The bailiff started up. and to his terror beheld two armed and masked burglars standing by his side. The poor bailiff fell upon his knees, and piteous]}- begged for his life. The burglars led their victim, more dead than alive, to the little bathroom, and locked him in. There he collap.ed on the floor and fainted. Mr. aud Mrs. Junker at once proceeded to business. Taking off the crape they called in the vanman, and in an inconceivably short: space of time the furniture was loaded, and the flitting successfully accomplished. The Junkers congratulated themselves upon having got away unobserved, but this was scarcely the case. A tipsy neighbour returning from his Judge noticed the unusual stir, and with a view of having some fun to finish up the night with, he prowled about in search of a policeman. After much searching he. found one who was troubled with iusomnia. He related the particulars of the startling burglary, aud the two hurried off to the scene. * * * * When the bailiff recovered his senses, he heard voices in the passage near his place of imprisonment. "Weil, I'm blest," t-:aid one voice, " if ever I cracked such a rum crib as this- The place was full of things when 1 was round selling fish this morning—and now it's as empty- as a church." " Blow nie," said the other, " if it don't look as it some other blooming professionals has been here before us. Here's one door locked •. let's try that." This was the bathroom, and as the burglar opened it the body of the bailiff, ag-iiu collapsing in terror, fell against theui. •' It's a ghost or a corpse," shouted the intruders, as they hastily made tueir way to the front door, where they found themselves.safe in the arajs of a policeman. Tim evidence of the bailiff was conclusive against, the burglars, though neither the stolen furniture nor the confederates who had gone with it. nor the bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Junker, were d. That they had beeu cruelly murdered neither judge nor jury doubted, but in the absence of the bodies the capital charge could not be sustained. The judge, however, made the sentence as stiff as possible aud gave the burglars lifteen years each ! The bailiff, who gave, a somewhat highlycoloured version of his share iu the night's work, was regarded as a hero iu the select circle of tho Sheriff's Oilice, and iu a quiet and unobtrusive little cottage in another suburb the. missing furniture is in the possession of the Junkers without a stain upou its or their character. Two Chinamen visited the Morgue the other day to view the unclaimed legs, aud pointed out that they could not possibly have belonged to a Chiuaman. because, they were not clean. The orderly merely remarked that that wouldn't wash. 