CAMP-MEETING. : [manly.] As Anniversary Day drew on/some of the Manly friends put their heads together to consider what they could do in keeping up the day. At last it was decided to hold- a camp-meeting. The Mayor, and Council kindly granted the use of the Flower Show Pavilion and Park. - A band of willing workers, headed by Mrs. Stoney, Misses Barber and White, Messrs. Stoney, Godfrey, Jones, and Funch, soon had the hall very tastefully arranged. Mrs. Mulligan lent the organ, and Misses Barker and Mulligan played during the services. Early on Wednesday morning a small but devoted band met in the church to ask God's blessing upon the day, and our prayer was answered. As the boats came in they were greeted with song from our Sunday night open-air preach ing place, and, headed Jay Mr. Stoney with his concertina, processions led the way to each service. The first service was led by the Rev. T. M'Miphael, and a good prayer-meeting with an excellent address on ' He was a good man filled with the Holy Ghost, and with faith,' was held. At the close of this the friends wandered away into the beauti ful park and the lovely fernery. The afternoon meeting was presided over by -Mr. H. M. Bowmaker, and addresses were given by Sisters Short, and Thompson, Mrs. Bucktrout, and Messrs. Bembrick and Hines. Mr. Godfrey sang solos, and a real good meeting was held. The evening-meeting partook of the character of prayer and testimony, and fervent were the supplications, glad and. glorious the . testimonies. Towards the close the Rev. Walter Lucas (chairman) expressed gratitude to God for the num ber who had assembled and gathered up . the lessons of this, the first campmeet ing, which it is hoped may become an annual institution in that fair spot, the hall, with its arches leading into one of if not the most, beautiful ferneries in and around Sydney, with its romantic park, bounded on the one side by Tower House (the late Hon. B. Dalley's resid ence), villa-crowned hills, and the blue Pacific forming the outer border. It was a good day and blessed. 