THE STORY-TELLER. SCENES FROM LIFE'S STAGE. TEN ORIGINAL STORIES, By Sir Gilbert E. Campbell, Bart., Author of "Detective Stories from Real Life, "The Avenging Hand," "The Mystery of Mandeville Square," &c.; IN THE DEER PARK. Apart from the magnificent chase whioh sur rounded the fine old Tudor mansion of Grey etoke, there was an inner division, oarefully paled off with strong oaken rails, which many a smaller landholder would have looked on as a comfortable little estate, so many acres did it contain of bill and valley, meadow and wood land. This interior enclosure was known as the lleer Park, and had been railed off at great expense to prevent the red deer, which at certain seasons are especially dangerous, from injuring those who used the roads with whioh the park itself was intersected. Greystoke was a wonderful old place, and bluff King Hal, the Virgin Queen, and the Scotch pedant who succeeded t > her throne had often taken their pleasure in the vast demesne, and followed the deer with hound and horn. The masters of Greystoke had always been a wild and reckleBS set of men, caring for little but the indulgence of their own passionB and vices. There had, however, always been a certain method in their recklessness; they had never exceeded their princely means, and had never interfered in royal quarrels, and by these means had kept their broad acres intact. Griffith Greystoke, the present possessor of the wide domain, had followed in the footsteps his ancestors. As a lad he had been an adept at all sports of the field, and when a mere boy he had climbed to the summit of the ruined tower, known as the Wizard's Keep, and swam in the fathomless pool in the Deer Park, said to be the abode of a water Kelpie, and which was the only spot in the enclosure where the red deer could quench their thirst. When old enough he had joined one of the regiments of the Household Cavalry, and for a brief space had run a wild career of dissipation, but his untamable spirit would not submit to the trammels of discipline, and after a Bhort military career, he found it expedient to throw up his commission and retire for a term to Greystoke. Thus his devotion to field sports won for him the gcldtu opinions of the country gentry, but after a time he grew wearied of the life, and taking with him his foster-brother, between whom and himself a devatedattaohmentexisted, he started, not on a continental tour, for that would have been far too commonplace an affair, but for an excursion into wild lands, where the more savage animals were still to be found in comparative abundance. For three years Griffith GreyBtoke was absent, and his name began to be almost forgotten. The game in the Greystoke preserve increased and multiplied to an extraordinary degree, for by the master's orders nob a gun was to be fired in it during his absence. The red deer wandered about their domains withont fear of a rifle bullet arresting their course, slaked their thirst at the Kelpie's pool, or fought out their quarrels in the battlefield of fern and bracken. All at onoe, with a suddenness which was characteristic of all the Greystoke movements, Griffith made his appearance once again at the home of his ancestors, and with an addition to biB retinue which caused the squires to hold up their hands in wonderment, and sent many a bitter pang of disappointment to the hearts of the country matrons who had marriageable daughters on hand. Griffith Greystoke had brought home a wife with him. Not a Mexican scnorila; not the daughter of some Indian rajah; not one of those impossible goldminer's daughters, all beauty and refinement, in spite of their coarse surroundings, evolved out of the inner con sciousness of American writers and their imitators, but a fair, handsome Englishwoman, some three years older than her husband, the widow of a West Indian sugar-planter. How such a marriage could ever have come about was a mystery to wbioh no solution was offered, and the only person capable of doing so, Gideon Carthwaite (Griffith's foster brother), maintained a discreet silence. Besides a wife, Greystoke of Greystoke brought other followers back with him. An aged, white-beaded negro, an old and con fidential servant of his wife; a young Seminole Indian whom he had picked up in Florida ; a Zulu, and a Chinaman, who had acted as valet and general factotum in camp. All these different nationalities found accommodation within the old walls of Greystoke, and matters would have gone smoothly enough had it not been for Sirs. Greystoke's temper, which was as fierv and violent as her lord's. _ In] ner West Indian home she had been a little qu<=en of society, and she could not under stand why other women, who did not possess her good looks or charm of manner, should have precedence over her, and she was even jealous of the respect accorded to her husband. One afternoon, after a more serious jangle than usual with Mrs. Greystoke, who had objected to the archery club holding its UBual meeting at Greystoke, Griffith retired to his usual sanctum, the armoury as it was termed, from a collection of weapons of all countries which adorned its walls, and lighting a cigar, rang the bell furiously. After an interval of some five minutes the door was slowly opened and the grey head of Manuel, Mrs. Greystoke'e confidential eervant, appeared. " Master want me ? asked he. "What should I want you for, you black faced imp of Satan?" demanded Griffith, whoee temper had been sorely tried. " Are there no other servants but you?" The man made no reply, but still lingered in the doorway, and Griffith noticed that there was a cut on his forehead covered with a pieoe of diachylon plaster. "Who have you been fighting with, Manuel?'' said he. "I no fight, master; missie thow oandle stickatmein one of her debbil's tantrums," returned the negro, grinning like an angry monkey. "Poor devil," remarked Griffith, who was quite disposed to sympathise with any victim his wife's ill-temper; " take that, and send Gideon Carthwaite to me." as he spoke he tossed a sovereign in the direction of the black servant, who pounced upon it with alacrity, and then departed on hiB errand. In a few minutes Gideon Carthwaite entered the armoury, and stood awaiting his foster brothers orders. A tall, fair man was Gideon, apparently possessed of immense muscular strength, and with a frank, open expression of countenance which was very pleasing to look upon. " Sit down, man," said Griffith. " We have gone through too much together to stand on any ceremony when we are alone, I am driven half-mad with that woman's airs and graces. Get me something to soothe my nerves, or I shall do something I shall be sorry for after wards. Gideon crossed the room, and opening a cup board concealed by a Moorish shield, brought out a bottle of brandy and a couple of glasses, which he placed upon a small table at his master's elbow. " Help yourself," said Griffith, as he filled a glass and tossed off the spirit as if it had been water. "Go von know what new trick she has played me to day!" " You both spoke lond enough when you were discussing the matter in the pmk drawing-room for everybody to hear, "answered Gideon, as he sipped his brandy. " I wish I had never seen her face," broke out Griffith. " They talk about obeah, spells in the West Indies, and surely she must have employed one of them to induoe me to bring such a woman home to Greystoke." "There is no use in crying over spilt milk, Master Griffith," returned the foster-brother philosophically. "Spilt milk!" retorted Griffith savagely. " I would give a thousand pounds to the man who would spill her blood." " Hush! hush!" answered Gideon, looking round him cautiously. " It is not well to say such things. One never knows who may be listening. A thousand pounds is a big sum, Master Griffith, and some people might feel inclined to take you at your word." "Yourself, for instance," said Griffith, with a half sneer. " I have always asked for money, have I not, when I was fortunate to do you some slight service!" demanded the man, calmly. "I deserve the reproof, Gideon," replied the Master of Greystoke, after a short pause, "but then I am so badgered and worried that I hardly know what I say or do. Why, if the archery meeting does not take place in my grounds I shall be the laughing-stock of the whole county." "Let things go on as usual," suggested Gideon. " There is a week before the meeting takes place, and a great change may come in that time." " If you mean a change in Mrs. Greystoke,' returned Griffith, with an ironioal laugh, "you are far more sanguine than I am. I confess that I would rather abide by my thousand pound offer." j " We have been in many lands where a quarter of that Bum would have silenced half a dozen troublesome women, or men for the matter of that, " but there is an uncomfort able institution in England oalled the law, which is apt to express itself rather foroibly concerning acts which it calls by some uncom fortable names, such as manslaughter, homicide, and murder," observed Gideon, laying a strong emphasis upon the last word. Griffith.started from his Beat. "I never meant that," said he. "I only wanted some one to give her a bit of a fright so that she might pack up her traps and take herself off." "Then_ it only shows you how right my warning was," replied Gideon; " for I certainly thought that you were willing to give a thousand pounds to any one who would take your wife's life; but I see now you would pay an equal sum for her disappearance. Why not offer the lady a good round sum, and perhaps she will consent to return to Trinidad, where she can vent her temper upon her black ser vants ?" "(She would laugh in my face if 1 made auoh I a proposal," returned Griffith. " No, I must I take your advice, and see what time will do for me." "But, after all, it is a munificent offer," laughed Gideon, as he followed his master through the door of the armoury; "and I dare say there are many men who would cheerfully pay a like sum to be freed from the incubuB of a wife." Next morning there was considerable exoite mnnt at Grevstoke, for its mistress had disap peared, and left no signs behind her by whioh she could be traced. It was apparent that Bhe had not been spirited away by any of the numerous ghosts which had the credit of frequenting the old pile, for a costly dressing-bag with ivory fittings and gold mounts had vanished with her, as well as a casket containing an almost priceless set of diamonds and emeralds. Griffith at first was disposed to take the loss of both wife and jewels in a very philosphical manner, but his foster-brother pointed out to him that he held too important a position in the county for such an affair to pass without considerable comment, and that he would be expected to take some active measures. Accordingly a thorough enquiry was made, and a complete search set on foot. No signs, however, could be found of the missing lady. No one had seen her leave Greystoke, audahe had not been noticed at the railway station, nor had Ehe procured any conveyance at the neighbouring town of Dulford, and Griffith, knowing the indolent habits engendered by her West Indian life, was convinced that she had not fled away on foot. The reports, however, of the dissensions be tween husband and wife had spread far and wide over the county, and strange whispers began to circulate, which culminated in a visit by a detective from London, who came down to make enquiries. Thisefficialmade himself generally obnoxious, and oompelled each individual member of the establishment to believe that he was the sus pected person, insomuch that* after his depar ture nearly the whole establishment of Grey stoke came before the master and announced their determination'of leaving forthwith. The obstinate Bpirit of his raoe now blazed forth in Griffith, and confronting the maloon tents, he poured out a torrent of objurgation upon them, cursing them for a set of cowards, who wanted to leave the pumps when a leak bad bees discovered in the ship. " Whom do you suspect?" cried he angrily; " are we not all in the same boat ?" For a moment there was a dead silenoe, and then one of the footmen spoke ont. '' The talk is that you offered, a big reward to get rid of your wife, and that he, "pointing as he spoke to Gideon Carthwaite, " did the trick for you, but you managed matters so cleverly that it iB impossible to br>ng the crime home to either of you." With the bound of a tiger Griffith sprang forward, and grasping the man by the oollar forced him upon his knees. " You lying sooun drel," Baid he, thrusting his hand into his bosom. "Confess thatit is all an invention, or I I will blow your brains out." j The man turned ghastly pale, and stammered out—"Everybody says the same, and Manuel heard you offer a thousand pounds to get rid of the misBis." "Get up, youooward," exolaimed Griffith, putting him contemptuously away. " I had no revolver or firearm about me, as you might have known had not your fear blinded you; but as there have been suspicions I will take measures to find ont the real trnth. Who is on my side amongst you!" About a dozen of the outdoor servants, game keepers, gardeners, and grooms stepped for ward. . "That is well," said the master of Greystoke. | "And now, listen; until thiB mystery is cleared up not a single communication shall be held j with the cuter world. Some one amongst us is the possessor of the secret, and, if we draw a ring round the inhabitants of Greystoke, we shall doubtless find out who he is. You wiU say that I have no right to act as I propose doing," he continued, as some of the servants appeared disposed to offer a remonstrance. "I dare say 1 have not, but I have the power, and that comes to very much the eame in the long run. After the blockade is raised you may take what Bteps you please." From that day Greyetoke was like a be leaguered city or aplague-stricken spot around which a sanitary cordon had been drawn. Mo one went out from it, and no one was permitted to enter. Oxen and sheep were in plenty, and there was no deficiency of ale, wine, and flour. There was agooddealof mnrmuring, but the outdoor men aept good watch and ward at the gates of the park by day, and at night Gideon Carthwaite mustered die unwilling garrison, and saw that not one was absent. Society won dered a little at first, but after a time all was set down to the strain of eooentricity always visible in Greyetoke betters and the matter dropped. The blockade had now lasted a week, when one evening the headkeeper sought an audience with the matter of Greyetoke. "Well, Ran dal," said Griffith, impatiently, " what is it; has any one been trying to run the blockade, or have you made any discovery 1" The man shifted uneasily from one foot to the other, and twisted the brim of his hat between his fingers. " You'll be laughing at I, Squire," said he at length, " if I tell yon what I be come about." ''Never mind what I shall do, but let me hear what you have to say," answered Grif fith. " Well, the deer be bewitohed, and there's an end o* it," replied the man. " Are you mad 1" retorted Griffith, angrily. "No, Squire; but the beasts be," replied Randal. " Will you speak out?" returned his master, driven to the end of his patience by the man's reticence, "or get out of the room and leave me in peace." "Well, Squire, the deer be all wandering about the place like lunatics, their coats staring, their eyes swollen, and looking more like ghosts of themselves than anything else." " Pshaw! don't bother me with such trivial details," broke in Greyetoke. "But, Squire, a buck and two does are dead," said the man, "and as far as I can see the rest of the herd be a-going to follow their leader." Without a word Griffith Greystoke got up, and beckoning to his foster-brother made his way to the deer park. A number of the deer were standing close to the fenoe, tossing their heads, and looking at the intruders with a strange and piteouB expression quite foreign to their uBual wild and free manner. Carthwaite gazed at them attentively, and then turning to bis master remarked, " Do you recollect that great prairie fire, whioh extended for miles and licked up all the pools and pieoes of water for an immense distance?" "Of course I do," answered Griffith im patiently ; " but what has that to do with the "Do you not remember," pursued his foster-brother, "the herds of deer and other animals wandering about in search of water ?" " Of course, of course," answered Griffith, " but I ask again" . "The deer are dying ot cmreti," replied Gideon. Randal opened his eyes. " What! with all that ere water in the Kelpie'e Pool?" asked he. Gideon made no reply, but walked straight away to the piece of water whioh was situated in the centre of the deer park. "There," he exclaimed triumphantly, as he came up to the brink, "it was raining last night, and yet there iB not a single fresh hoof mark. Something has frightened away the deer from the pool." " It most be the Kelpie then," said Randal, with an air of oonviction. "Stay," exclaimed Griffith, "what has be come of that large flat stone with a crown oarved on it, and the date James I. hunted in the park ? There is the spot from where it has been wrenched up, but where has it gone?" He turned as he spoke to his foster-brother, a meaning glance passed between the men, and Gideon proceeded to pull off his boots and remove nis upper garments. " Have you got a knife?" asked be, addressing Randal. With a look of puzzled surprise the keeper produoed a broad-bladed clasp knife, and Gideon taking it from him began to wade into the pool. "Where be you a-going, Gideon ?" demanded the keeper. " The Kelpio will lay his claws on tbee as sure as eggs is eggs." " I am going to bring up the Kelpie," replied Gideon, and as he spoke he. dived beneath the surface of the water, a few bubbles only marking the spot where his head bad been. He remained so long under wafer that Randal was seriously alarmed, and muttered that the Kelpie had got him certain sure, and even Grif fith who was well acquainted with his foster brother's skill as a swimmer, began to grow alarmed. As they were gazing anxiously at the sullen water Gideon Carthwaite's head appeared above the Burface, and he began to swim slowly and laboriously towards the side, as if some heavy object which was not visible was holding him back. As be got into shallower water he stooped, and with the words, "Here is what has bewitched the deer." raised the dead body of a woman from the pool. With a cry of surprise and horror, Griffith and the keeper recognised the form of Mrs. Greystoke, swollen and bloated with hee sojourn beneath the waters of the Kelpie's Pool. "Has she committed suicide?" exclaimed Griffith, as he assisted to lay the dead woman on the bank. "She was kept down Dy toe great stone," answered Gideon, "which was fastened round her waist by this red silk soarf, whioh I had to cut away in order to release the body." "Why that be what that woolly-beaded nigger used to wear round his waist," exclaimed Randal, taking up the limp rag, and surveying it with an air of disgust. " Stay by her side, Randal," said Griffith, "and do you, Gideon, come with me." With as little delay as possible the men re turned to the house, and in a few moments the whole of the domestics were summoned. "Manuel," said Griffith, "after you had murdered Mrs. Greystoke, and thrown her into Kelpie's Pool, what did yon do with the dress ing bag with the gold and ivory fittings ?" The old man's face changed to that strange grey hue whioh betokens abject terror in the negro race, his knees trembled,_ and when he strove to speak only a few inartionlate sounds fell from his lips. " Quick," said Griffith, sternly. " I have no time for delay." " In the vault in the Wizard's Tower," mur mured the old man, whom terror had deprived of all the power of judgment. " You see he confesses," said Griffith, addressing the other servants. "And what was your motive for the crime?" he added, turning to the self-convicted criminal. In an agony of despair Manuel cast himself upon the ground. " I did not mean to do it," wailed he, " but she struck me again, and then —my blood boiled, all grew red, and I stabbed her. "But how did you get to the deer park?" demandly Griffith sternly. " I heard what you said to Gideon," answered Manuel, "and I thought I might frighten my mistress into returning to the old, bright land, for I hated this cold country. I told her that you had offered Gideon a thousand pounds to slay her, and that he had accepted the bribe. She felt that she had gone too far, and gob alarmed, and agreed to fly. That night we stole out of tbe house, and got into the deer park, intending to make our way to Dulford and procure a conveyance there, but when we got as far as the pool Bhe said Bhe was tired, that Bhe would go no further, that she was a fool for believing me, and that she would notsaorifioe the position she had gained. I remonstrated with her, but she burst out into one of her storms of passion, and struck me over the face in the old wound. I got mad then, and stabbed her. When I saw her stretched bleeding at my feet I grew frightened, but after a time I col lected myself, and tying an old etone which lay by tbe side of the water round her waist I threw her in. Then I took the bag and reach ing the old tower unobserved I hid it, intending to carry it away at some other time, but the shutting up of the place upset my plana But you will let me go now that X nave confessed all, will you not ? In spite of hie age, and in spite of the fervid appeal by his counsel, entreating the Jury to deal leniently with "a man and a brother, the murderer and robber was duly convicted and executed. I'eaee once more fell upon Grey stoke, the shadow that had res ted upon Griffith's name was clea red away, and the deer once more slaked their thirst tn the waters of the Kelpie'e Pool. The JEnd. Next week, THE MAJOR'S BUNGALOW. 