AUSTRALIA# ANNIVERSARY ' REGATTA, Tiio attempt to liold a rival aquatic fcs& tival to the National Regatta, -which has- been the one great annual event of the kind: since the middle ot the thirties, was ntado yesterday. lb was pretlietctl beforehand that the venture was too hazardous a one to meet with any success. The prediction can-- not be said to have been justified. The Aus tralian Anniversary Kegattu, licld oll'darlc Island, was too recently determined upon,, and tiie arrangements wore too hurriedly made ior it t:o compete successfully with its-' great compeer. Dub as far as it went it was-, in itself a highly juieecssiul gathering. Tho: regatta, had its origin in a battle of tho " colors, or rather in a contest between colors and numbers, und iu its ov/n way tho.; contest, as far as the limits of aquatics go,-' was fought out as desperately and deter-- mineclly as the battle of the hooks in days gone by, or the battle of the gauges within the present century. The promoters of the" new venture asked to hctfllowcd to use their' own distinguishing colors on their sails to1 denote their boats. The National Eo&atta; demanded that the numbers should be em-' ployed; the others resisted ; the disagree ment resulted in a rnntmv. and t.hnrehv hangs the tale of the second aquatic festival. All the arrangements for the event were carried out in the most complete style Steamers wore put on to convey sightseers to: Clark Island or to the steamer Ciutra, whichj was moored a few yards oil' and wluckj acted as flagship for the occasion. Tho; course which was thus provided was iif every respect a suitable one for sailing races-' The roughness of the water if a strong wind, should be blowing through the Heads, as wag- tho case yesterday, would be rather against?' rowing contests. Dub as there were nono-of these no difficulty iu this respect could -of course bo experienced. Steamers were put on regularly from Circular Quay as well as from Rynuont autl .Balmain, so that excursionists had ample opportuni ties of reaching either tiio ilagship or tho: island. Tho number of people on both ex ceeded tho committee's exjiectations. Tho inland lirfivoil dm .'I. viitiTmo-m crvnnrt/4 from which to witness tho races as even the liagship, though of course on tho land it was impossible to obtain that informa tion with regard to the contesting boats aiul their crews which could, be secured on tho steamer. But against this drawback Clark Island presents capital qualities for picnic parties aud has all tho advantages of a free open space in which to roam about as com pared with the necessarily limited accommo dation afforded by any steamer. As a Hag- ship the Cintra more than answered all re quirements. There was plenty of room, the vessel was in capital order, aud Captain Hampton and his officers did their utmost to make tho large crowd of visitors thoroughly comfortable. Tho Cintra had arrived in Sydney lato on the previous evening, so that the limited timowithin which the captain had had to prepare his vessel was utilised to most satisfactory advantage. Shortly after midday lunch was prepared. The gathering was of an entirely informal eluir.ietor. No programme of speeches had been ar ranged, bub before tiio tables were cleared Mr. G. C. Melville, on behalf of tho com mittee, presented Captain Hampton with a- liqucurcruct, in acknowledgment of the appre ciation in which the services he had rendered to make the regatta a success were held- Ho did not know that, considering the limited time which there had been at the caplnfiu'a disposal, anything could have been m-oro creditably done. Captain Hampton, ill acknowledging the presentation, said thab quite as much credit was due io his officers and his men as Lo himself. Ho wonhl pre serve the gilt as a momnnio of a very pleasant anil memorable occasion. During; the afternoon tho Mayor oi Sydney (Mr- Manning) and .Mr. Gar\«;ii, visited tho. liagship. The programme consist:-' 1 exclusively of races only lines not possess tiu interest or tha excitement arising from the diversifieafciou which is given to a programme by the inclu sion of rowing contests. The casuab spectator loses interest in ewnh; where the com petitors right through are confined exclu sively to sailing boats which make long trips almustoub of sight or to such distances that it is impossible to riisihiguish one from tho oilier without tho aid ol gLuus. CWiestsr with the oars give a pleasant variot y to u programme and appeal lo a, larger section of the public tiiau /.tiling rncs-s will ever do. 'The events, however, were carried out nxoatl successfully and the starter's nag 5e!l un usually close lo lime. A.-,::, r.aiseq ue.iCe 1 ho TO- gatla was over at a ivur.<u;:.h!y e u-ly hour. 'Tho course was from a fine abreast oi' the Hag- ship round Kurt Dei-T on and cL!u\" direct hack, as il. was in the mi nor events, or round Shark Island r.nd otusuiu the Rile Light. and buoys ami buck point brhweon fee j lag- ship and C-iark island. Kor the Auslivdiau Anniversary Handicap, which was ior Ijoatu !i2fl. to 26lt., and v. iiicii was the principal event of the iir.y, tin; course was longer, bilb it linn; i-.-ally eovered (in; same wrdJr. Rro- «;<'eilii,;.s oi.ene.l wilh t-!:e Young Aurlralia, linmiicr.j). lorh.H. diirpe-;. in the VVantUih liingy Sial.-'.-s the thai- Roy. whim jilfing in rounding .Shark j.dund, ea; w',:e;. V\' hen tho steamer which was , oho', / ti ; liir r;uc v/eut up to render as.vLtanco il.-e crew were half under wnLrr, v.il'n the raj! rgie.vl h.ueatlL them, white the skipper, in the mc.ri non chalant manner poviriiie. was :qtiicllv smoking his pipe, 'j'iie tnird r.o-e was for dingus ot lOi't., the fourth for IGM. dingi-s, ri.e iiftli for boats from 22R. to Leit./ihe for ilingies of loiri and JOit. and the r.wenih for boats of 20:1. Titc Auni\a.rs.wy .Han dicap created great, e: cit.emetit, and wtis, after a k ,v:i conb. I lor first place between the Ghu>t and ihe "v'nlr.Tu.cor, eventually won by the (die t, k'Sure were several capsizes dip- in r lk,.' <b;,y. But no fatalities oeciirt\si. in i!m ( '!i;i.:npion Dingy Race the Repine got enir.iiglod wil !i vh.T (fit'U at tlie rlurl, and Uur Girls w.mi over. Almost immediately nil "rwarJs Tee "Vaga bond met with a shiiii.w iiKUigii nob from the ramo criu.x.-. ,\ir. I !. MYouLon acted as umpire, M r. .1. .Hwyer as judg'-, ide.rs. \Y. Griifilli, \V. ffihiedry and J. Owyar as batulicapper.-?, Mr. Yvk i'il/.henry as f Girtcr, Mr. \Y\ .Harding as uniokceper, und Messrs. M. Koy, \Y. !f. Raeey.d. (.hrt-er, \Y. Griffith and (I. Tronton as vhe proleA" comnfittee. Mr. A. Krone, the. boa. M-erotury, and Mr. T. L'arleton, on.? of Ihe comi.dsleemeil, rendered signal service in a. variety ol '.raya. I'Yllowing are the l esuff s : -- VoUSO IWTEAI.iA iUXl'T-'AU. Dinjjii's first end Leg, h.m-tii-ujij.e L (Vmrce i'lom into sum it.vgsnip, ruumt J-\\.rt Donb.'ii, tei. A In li';x:Ts'ii;»r fliiisliing I'ulwi'OM fiw snip aiul CL-.rk isjs.ul. IVxZcS : 1st, £5; 2ml, £8. Our Boy.-i, C. Pall, verntoh .. .. ..1 Maggie. T. ffllis, (Dm i„. .. .. .. 2 Vile, it. Gillies, 0,aiie. .. .. ..2 Ulhcr Mart ue; : WhaLr'to, ,>f. 'G hudry, Puin.; Victor, H. MVluiv, j miu. ; Willie, J. Jt.i.l, pniiu.; i'aarlio, il. Webb, Irimu.; B.Kio. J. riuioy, Olinlu. Tills was a v,vU'Cctit<-Ht.'.il event. ' !c- Boata were in gooil liaints, an, I ;;i.> ic.,ult lea-it'-I 'ucon inlornst. The finish was cNvr, only a uv.' t;ca.:mia t,;:ptuaUng the first two )> r:U>. WAuAT.rit i>;:r:r STAKES. Dingiv:!, 14ft., I;r-;;t. and L.'. r.. Gnu: r.'csa lino bo twern U.'ir(or's Lo.it :.n.I , joiuvl Forb DciiLson, rouml Shade L.k- c!, iMiMifie j-ilo light ami buoys, ami barb to iiaa. li : ; fitiirhhr; bct'.vcun flagship ami GlarL L.Iaiui. lTizes: I t. £9; 2iul, £3; 3rd, £2. Vera, F. tVoil Jack 1 Aumc, A. Dr/.ko .. .. ..2 Thomas Pnncih, G. Tfnlnmr, jan. .. .. 8 Other starters: Fmnlc, T. Iruva ; ilccuiu, T. Colohrook, jnn.; Vortunn, Charles Webb ; KUm, A. Moal/1; Violet. Christ"per '.Wl:b ; »di;lia (eanv;u), 12ft., W. T.ogirntl ; Our Uov, O. 1\ Al'i'ouviilu : Old Tom. C. Hclliucci; Busrie, S. Iiellina ; Jfllu, J. T. ILehinson. Tim i> zGa got well away, r.nd kopfi fairly to- gc.thor unlit Hearing Fort Denison. Ponrlo wna flub to round Pinchgut, followed by Our Hoy, I da 11a and Thoihas Pimch, the latter inuch to windward. The KUa was last getting awny from the fort. Violet led anil Acme stood well over 011 the port tack. Olf Bradley's, Acme had tho lead by about a minute and n half, and was followed by Our Koy and Vera hi the order named, Ella and Regina standing over to Darling Point. Our Hoy, Acme and Vera were the only boats to make Shark Island direct from Bradlcys.Vcra being first, Acme second mid Our Hoy third. There was u close light for first position in rounding Shark Island between Vera and Acme, but Vera maintained her lead, followed, after Acme, by Our Hoy, Thomas launch, Violet, Ella, Pearle nnd the others at varying distances. Idnlia being lost. To tho south of the Inland Our Hoy lost all chance by capsizing. A yacht and the steamer following the race quickly went to the crew's assistance, hut no inconvenience beyond the ducking was sustained by the occupants of tho boat. After rounding Vera, Violet nnd Pearle set square sail. Kb alteration took place In the two Icadliig'boats and Vera crossed the line first, with Acme close up and Thomas Punch in the place pre viously occupied by Our Uoy. pout denison handicap. Dingles 10ft., heat and best, handicapped. Courso: Prom line between starter's bout nnd flagship, round Fort Donlson, hack round flagship, round Fort Denison and back to flagship. Vcnora, F. Pontey, Jmtu. .. .. -- \ Masslla, C. Phillips, 2min 2 Oretn, W. York, jfinlu. .. .. ... ..3 Other starters : Aurora (Sunday Jlnrlcy), lmin. ; Tomboy (W. Goddard), Hhea (canvas, W. Lee), ifinin.: Inez (0. II. Hughes), Fedora (A M'Cutcheon), and Violet (J. J.nngford), imin. ; Mona (T. Ellis) and Young Ethel (Y\r. J. ilolmcs), scratch. At tho start the Hhea lost her chnncc by going over, while near the close the Aurora, in endeavoring to jibe, met with a like mis fortune. Coming home tho Veuora had half a minute to her credit and was followed by Masslla and Areta. CITAMITON DINGY RACK. Dingles, 16ft. Course : Fr.mi line between starter's boat ami flagship, round Fort Denhon, round Shark Island, outside Pile Light and buoys and hack to flagship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island. Our Own, T. Oolebrook .. .. .. ..1 Violet, D. Boyd.. .. .. -- 2 Our Boys, G. Holmes, sen. .. .. .. 3 Other starters : Sophie and Rlsic. At the start the Sophie became entangled with Our Girls, with the result that Our Girls capsized. The Vagabond a minute or two later also capsized, and ss the Thistle was scratched the race was confined to a small number of boats. The event, however, was one of the most keenly contested of the day. The Elsie and Our Own led round Fort Denison, with Our Hoys hist. All the boats with the excep tion of the Violet lay over on the starboard track across to Neutral bay. The Violet took the port lack, and slewed round immediately after passing Pinchgut. Oil Cremornu Elsie was still leading, with Our Own second and Violet third. H was a capital rare so far. About halfsvay lietwecu Oremorne and Shark Inland Our "Boys carried away her sheet, but soon had it fixed again. Approaching Bradley's Head Our Own went about, followed immediately afterwards by Elsie. Our Own was the first round Bradley's on the port tack, the Elsie standing well on to the jetty before going about. On the lead to Shark Island Our Own was Ural, Violet seooinl, Elsie third ami Our Boys fourth ; Sophie came up a long way to leeward. Our Own led past the Pile Light anil had the race pretty well her own way, with Violet still second, but Our Hovs third. Our Boys ran up n square sail ami gained slightly on the Violet, hut not suJlloienlly to displace her. Our Own took pre cedence past the Ihig.ship by lmin. "I0r.cc., Violet being second with Usee, between hor and Our Boys. Elsie was third and Sophie last. Tin: AUSTRALIAN ANN! VKKSAllY HANDICAP. Al! bouts, 221 1. to 26ft., best and heat, handicapped. Course : From tho line belween the starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round lighship ami Sow and Pigs, round Shark Island, round flag ship. and round Shark J.-Jand. back to flagship, finishing between flagship ami Clark Island. Prizes £26: 2ml, £10 ; 3rd, £5; ami champion gold modal to captain of winning buat, by Messrs. Dahm and Co. Ghost, 21ft., A. Thomas, Smiu. .. .. ..1 Volunteer, 24ft., J. T. Robinson, ijinlii. .. ..2 Muhtnm, 24ft., O. Webb, scratch .. ..3 Other starters : Poor, die, 24ft., H. Banks, 5min. ; Vera, 22ft., F. Yarrow, 4min. ; .Marvel, 22ft., W, FiUhenry, 4min. ; Lalonu, 22ft., Crls Webb, 4min. Liliun, 22ft., 'J'. Luaeli, 3min. ; Our Own, S. Hulling, 3min. ; Our Tom, W. Summed, 2,-miu ; Gazelle 24ft., C. P. "M'Conville, 2jmin. ; (Talguleo, ljmin. ; Hcffina, ft. B. Turrult, lmin.; Susie, H. Vearec, a'utin. ; JCangavoo, H. Longford, scratch ; Enteiprisc, G. Holmes, junr., Kcratch. The Ghost. tho Kaimonook and the Vera crossed tho line almost together, followed soon after by the others. The principal times were: The Ghost 3h. llmln., KanmtnuoU 3h. llmin. 3sec., the Vera 3h. limin. 2sco. , Hnoralie 5h. llmin. 29sec., Marvel oh. 12miu. Gscc. The yachts kept well together when approaching Garden Island. At Fort Denison the Kaimonook was leading from the Ghost by about 30see.t with Volunteer some distaueo be hind, but rapidly closing up. Romiding Pinchgut all the boats stood over on the starboard tack In a line with KirrlbilH Point, and tbon slewed round 011 the port tack witli the excep tion of the Volunteer, which stood well in to Neutral liny. The Volunteer went about just oh' tho buoy. The Gho3t kept well to windward, and oil' Mosamun's was gradually forging ahead of the Kannanook. The Kaimatiook, however, was first otf Bradley's Head, The Ghost closely following, hut to windward still, Borulio being third, Lilian fourth. The Marvel and the Volunteer lost the wind approacliing Bradley's through keeping too close inshore. Marvul was fifth, Volunteer sixth, J/itona seventh, Vera eighth, Our Tom ninth, Oraigalee tenth and Susie eleventh, tho others following at vary!"® distances. In making for Chowder, the Ghost got in advance nud maintained the lead round Shark Island. Kannanook was lBsee. behind, nnd lOsec. separated hor from the Volunteer. In the meantime the Kannanook hud dropped out of the contest. The race round the flagship wjw hotly contested. It scorned for a moment that the Ghost would have to give premier place to the Volunteer, but in getting round the latter shipped some water and two of her evew jumped overboard. This proved fatal to her chances, and she tievcv got beyond second position. The Muutnra was third in passing the flagship, Our Own fourth, Susie fifth, Luton a sixth, and Enterprise seventh. Tho remainder of tho race need not bo described. This order way preserved, as far as tho principals wero concerned, on the return trip to the island and back to the starting point. The Ghost crossed tho line first in 4h. 4omin. 30see.t the Volunteer second in 4h. 47se«. 2sec., and the Mantura third in 4h. 50scc.; the Susie, Lutoua ami Craignlco came in In tho order named. Some of the other bouts hud dropped out and came home at their leisure. tlik pout jackson handicap. Dingica, 10ft. and 19ft. Courso : From lino be tween starter's boat and flagship, round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow and Bigs, round Shark Island and back to flagship, finishing be tween flagship and Clark Island. Prizes— First, £15; second, £3. Pandora, 19ft., G. Kobinson, scratch .. .. 1 Cygnet, T. Colebrook, juti., lpuln. .. ..2 Other startei'3 : Tho Gift, 16ft. 6in. , F. Hopkin- son, 4min. ; O.K., F. Dempster, lpnin. ; Gcnoatu, W. Duncan, 4miu.; Edith, T. Colcbruak, jun., limin. The strong north- easter proved too much for the The Gift and GciicsLt, and the others had it their own way. There was a minute's difference between the successful boats. tiih ('intra handicap. AH boats, 20fU, brut and boil, handicapped. Course: From line between starter's boat and flagship; round Fort Denison, round lightship and Sow ami Pigs, round Shark Island, round flagship, round Shark Island, and back to flagship, finishing between flagship and Clark Island Prizes— First, £20; second, £7 ; third, £3. Grace Darling. D. A. Hanson, 3min. .. ..1 Victor, G. Ilolmes, sen., scratch .. ..2 Uottina, YY\ "Wilt/hew, imin. .. .. 3 Other starters: Dolphin, II. Banks, 7miiu ; MurlLnna, C. Fay, 5.) ; Pomona, J. Firth, 3; Kerens, W. Head, 1. The Dolphin got awny late, and the Paul Jones soon oftur starting came, however, under her jib. A good struggle between the other look place. Grace Darling finished by about a minute from Victor. 