VICTORIA- ARCHDIOCESE OP MELBOURNE. ASH WBDITESDAY. Next Wednesday will be the beginning of the Lenten fast, and also of the time for fulfilling the Paschal Precept. We shall publish next week the regulations for Lent. ST. PATEICK'S CATHBDBAL. Workmen are at present engaged in plastering the interior of the new vestries at the Cathedral, and adding: the finishing touches to this portion of the building. Masons have been employed on the turrets of the eastern transept during the past week, and in a few days the whole of the stone work of this portion of the Cathedral will be completed. A good deal of work remains to be done to the interior of the sanctuary roof, but as a very large number of skilled artisans are employed upon it, no doubt in a few weeks, at the most, it will be finished. The main work which remains to be performed is the roofing in of the transepts, which will necessarily take some considerable time. The numerous side-chapels are now all completed, and well worthy of an inspection from all who are interested in the erection of the Cathedral. DEPARTURE OF THE HOLT GHOST FATHERS. By the Messageries boat Polynesian, which will leave Port Melbourne at 12 noon on Tuesday next, the Revs. J. E. Stephens, C.S.Sp., M. Croagh, C.S.Sp., C. Schmidt, C.S.Sp., and A. Lemire, C.S.Sp., will leave for Marseilles. We wish the reverend gentlemen a very pleasant voyage. With the departure of these priests all the members of their Congregation will have left Victoria. l w o su f odc b BEQCIEM OFFICE AND MASS. Requiem Office and Mass were celebrated in St. Joseph's, Collingwood, on Tuesday, for the repose of the coul of Mrs. J. Quinn, mother of the late Rev. D. Quinn, and of the Rev. M. Quinn, P.P., Woodend, and the Rev'. T. Quinn, - Collingwood, - who died at Mullin gar,' Co. West Meath, Ireland, on 8th January. The Rev. T. Quinn celebrated High Mass, the Very Rev. M. Carey, P.P., being deacon and the Rev. M. Quinn, P.P., sub-deacon. The Very Rev, J. L. Hegarty, P.P., and the Very Rev. M. Carey were the chanters of the Office. Among other'prieBtp present were:—The Very Rev. Dean M'Kenna, St. Patrick's; the Very Rev. Fr. Browne, S.J., Revs. Fr. M'Enroe, S.J., Fr. Cahill, S.J., Fr. Stephens, C.S.Sp.; G. Byrne, Williamstown; J. H. O'Connell, Carlton; Dr. Graber, South Melbourne; T. Lynch, Fitzroy; Dr. Kelly, Footscray; P. J. Fallon, Kew; R. Collins, Clifton Hill; T. Fahey, Clifton Hill; T. Manly, St. Francis' { 37 Malone, St. Francis'; M. P. Carroll, West Melbourne ; W. G-leeson, Brunswick-; M. Curran, Coburg; D. B. Nelan, EsBendon; P. Phelan, Essendon; J. O'Brien, Kyneton; J. M'Carthy, Woodend ; R. S. Benson, South Yarra; J. Gbvigan, Casttemain'e; P. O'Reilly, Bacchus Marsh; J. Healey, St. Kilda ; G. Byrne, St. Patrick's ; E. Norris, Williamstown; G. Robinson, .Carlton; W. Madden, Kerang; D. Murphy, Fitzroy; P. Kernan, Collingwood; E. HeneBBy, Lilydale; J; Daly, Dandenong; T. Brazil, Geelong; W. Lee, Geelong; J. M'Carter, Elsternwick; P. M'Gee, Oamberwell. CHUBCH OF OUB X.ADT OF HOUNT CABMEL, KIDDIE PABK. On Sunday a branch of the Confraternity of Our Lady of Monnt Carmel was termed in this church under the direction of the Rev. Fr. Greaveh, O.C.C., and a large number of members were enrolled. On Sunday next the formal opening of the new organ takes place, and a special service of music will be rendered with orchestral accompaniment. Gounod's Meese Solennelle will be filing on the occasion, and several Indies and gentlemen of acknowledged talent will assist. Mr. Swallow Will preside «t the organ, and will render several eolos during the service. : It«may. be mentioned that MasB will be at o'clock, instead of ten as usual, and 'that a collection will be made to defray the debt on the organ. THIS 6IFL«BBS OF CHABITV. The Sisters of Charity, Victoria; para&e;, have now charge of the three most important primary schools in the toast .end of the city, viz., St, Patrick's Vioforia-parade; St.. John's, East Mel bourne* and St. Joseph's, \- , « Collingwood . - . • 8incte assuming charge of St. Joseph s at (be beginning of the year the sisters have o d h introduced several improvements which are likely to be very beneficial to the children attending. In order to cope with' the extra demand upon the labours of the sisters, a number of additional nuns have come from the mother house, Sydney, and the Superioress has been thus enabled to strengthen the teaching staff at each of the schools. Since the nuns assumed charge of St. Patrick's and St. John's, these schools have improved in every direction, and no doubt before the good sisters have been a year at St.. Joseph's, we shall be called upon to report a similar state of affairs. In addition to conducting the three schools above menioned, the sisters find time to visit the ospital and the sick poor in their own omes. The good nuns are anxiously ooking forward to the time when they ill have, an hospital of their own, but, f course, before they can venture upon uch a work the debt at present existing pon their convent must be paid off. C.Y.M.S. A branch of the C.Y.M.S. has been ormed at Footscray, and promises to be ne' of the most successful in the archiocese. The beginning has been all that ould be desired, between forty and fifty embers enrolling themselves as memers. The Rev. Dr. Kelly is the spiritual irector, and the guiding star of the new rganisation. With one so qualified to eal with a body of young men at its ead, the new branch cannot but prosper. EAST TBENTHAM. It may be usefnl to again draw the ttention of our Woodend, Trentham, ern Hill, Tylden, Daylesford, and yneton readers to the grand bazaar hich is to be opened by the Very Rev. . L. Hegarty at the Mechanics' Hall, rentham, next Tuesday afternoon in id of the Sacred Heart Church, ames-lane, East Trentham. Now that the harvest is over, and farmers have lenty of money to spend, those of them who live within possible reach of Trentham should be very grateful to Pr. Quinn for providing them with a firstclass means of disposing of their surplus cash. The church at East Trentham is a spacious brick building, erected by the Catholics of a thinly-populated farming district at considerable cost, -and the sole object of the present bazaar is to lighten as much s possible the burden of debt which Pr. Quinn's "uW parishioners ' 1 ' ' have taken. ' upon themselves in providing a place of worship. That the fair will be successful goes without saying. Such means of amusement are not common in country districts, and, whenever set on foot, invariably meet with very general support from all classes of the community. nlike most bazaars held out of the ity, that at Trentham will, because of the excellence and variety of the means of amusement provided, be really worth the entrance money, even to those wbo cannot be supposed to have any sentimental or religious interest in it whatever. We .understand that the committee have been very anxious to provide their patrons with a really good class of entertainments nightly, and in order to do so have gone to a great deal of troiible, in securing performers. The &ebb; .existing upon the Sacred Heart Church is large, but, nevertheless, we hope to be able to tell .our .readers at the conclusion of the forthcoming bazaar that thfe net receipts are sufficient: to liquidate all liabilities. . GEELONG. . , , , ' . {From our own Correspondent:) ^ The new Catholic Hall will be opened on Monday evening, 29 th inst:, at 8 o'clock, with all appropriate cereinony. The Archbishop of . Melbourne 'will deliver the inaugural address. A number of the leading clergy and laity of the archdiocese will also take part in the ceremony. • Alocal artist is busy preparing scenery and other accessories suitable for the fine building. .The Little Sisters of the Poor from the Home at North cote are tnaking their annual visit to our town for the purpose of collecting subscriptions in aid of their institution. It may be 'mentioned that during the past year a few aged persons from this town have found a -comfortable refuge in their -old age "RTad'helpleasness with the good fiisters at Northcote. At a committee meeting 1 of St. Patrick's Society, ' held last week, accounts to the amount of £llOwere paskedforpayment."' ' ' 