THIt HOUSE OF RIMMON. ASTORY OFTHB"BLACK COUNTEY" 0F SpUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Br JEANIE GYYNNE BETTANY, Author iff — p Atojt Safeeraft Tyo L&aaatss;," ro, : .- 'CHAPTER XXSEVJH,— -fCJQHUNTJBD. l .Madeline on eTOty occaaon tepraB much in thnbaclroniffi'rawgesible/dtetinBui&hedmost; by her unobtTyeteApf01ne8a.s Butwhauthe wear gave MaCtmasEvfi pariythis year, ' t®( aooanpany the of W'BeetlinVfin ggfsea- lfc:populartaste)/Made5me satvrith nachrapt "£feataonr tiiat.faieeyeBGf everyone became fixed-ppcm her. :Mr. Rockingham caught her in «ri®patfatofi%undsraen&eroiuitewaB; oyer, -aakeo her if she plavecL YtsSrofbeeh . accustomed to playing, '' she ' Sho had scarcely "uttered fhesawordswhen ehtfhppeatedtorejtosm. Mr. Rockingham tewtMa, and so led herat-'biieeto the piano, sadplacedher before a Volnmeof Beethoven's sonatas. She sought but jibe' Sonata Appas sionato, end rendered the surpassingrnusic with deep feding. Every one, oven the. least odu- . cated, preient, Was implied, and all, agreed <£iat she must not be allowed to stop. .Still as mmplyaind. ' as self-foigetfiillyrshe commenced !«» Adieux.."' Never was more .plathos thrown into the sonata, Mr. "fitickinghaih' thought. She 'made the instrument speak impassioned dpTaSntive farewells, heart- fajlings'undmisgiviiigs, anddeepand' halldwed ' affection: Bat "when thetbeme of the -Return Ixmifce from her fingers, the joyousness of it -merited the vicar, and .Amy Towers, aSid Madame Pelbois, wno had in spite of herself drawn neary.beyond description, urndnlinn turned, and seeing thpir marked pleasure, repeated this final movement unasked. Their 1 mteritwish thuBgr&nted; them, caused/Mr. - Rockingham to reflect that he had never seen -BUeh'Seucacyol'feeling in any one before. Hie . began to be deeply interested jnher. When tdte had finished he said to her in a reverent al \- ? You saidyouhaa some telativeswho were \- professional musicians, Miss Orme. -Why did . -younot tell me you were one| yourself?" - , P/Because. lam .not. one/' said ;gravely, and looking without featinto the eyes -OftnAfclet-gyman.' \- / Iteally, Mr, Saltring,'' said the vicar, '"how bave you jiossessedyouteelf of all this talent, nnd why in the name of -charity have 'you MMm 'the lipli t n ' % T/TWell/' replied Mx, Salfaing, rather red but very good-humoured, /Irion'.t.know rhtush tibout music myself, but .dBtrpce .me she . sdfidinore had.intjed/, Pntfteling hritfa aBag>euxnrabfbeinfett 'Slnteyas i ; qjas .raj . wiwnoneed to ask' for silente?£triij r Bufa . W«ood. >1 WM.Bomaa Catitelfc ,|pg pome/ for wasp't tMa great attraction Ipt.yq gvmiyhgrownBH'«lyy>«>fo pk— Wb : aFinr. ocynjlwhmi tbtowwpber «w-rioaiage Ttrbefore-gaj!ed wBh re-, isawed interest n tim nruiaan wbo had been «TOsledto\fii.SomfagiMKialwa8on fits seat Madeline ordinarily occupied. Itwab iimr.exquiaitely: boundjeopynf. ttetanistmaB antbems; end Maddlinsls name was inside the -oover, in the yicar's-haadwritiiig. Within the tokjrosa, oqkmttrtitobboxis haag- 'Tthing waa old,d).ff enures of a corn- s me somethi:aln«>, T .am sure .agh his spectswitoit' tiigBpeW Wiwai'np »«fBHiiigWfiiiant ihihOT bands. JBsrii no one bat Maftelme knew iiat hB saw this. Bufrit was evident to all the rangiega- jttAll tlsaf 4)ia wioaa iwoa Um liia «m af4>tss Ke <3 . aSHI HHy «ao VMOS >«VOB <11 IIIB . lUtJlNMlO I jJLD .liOnl ' ,iK7erl)Q£oreread»ed each i aexmbn. Andia ; heChriatmaB an them, the perfect vo|ce,ofthe .brager minstrel ro9ejandfilled the churrii. ... ' Yoa. hevBr Bang;in' church before," Mrs- .Baltruig observed to her as they were .going , ( "It was the least .l oan do/ he- .fdmiss an ordinary gpl -wcmld. have done, fi>r 4 she had receivad, Madelinp fucBu her - rne/feo whonc lml bnnVfnark be- 1 Tdid not expeti that qdrathnL" zeradnded . tts wWdixss, 1 WlltS Jf>!& And ' hefellbehiiid .the ottocs, ahdibetwpwaJkBd leisurely between the gravestones, and.the dark , , blank the girl was wearing brushed his clerical . sleeve. "I am not surprised yon asked me, now X ; think -of it," the -vicar remarked, glancing at the graves and not seeing them. "I have one sister now, but I once had another. But she was lost. She used to play and sing like you. This bookmark was hers. When I heard yoa -smg Adelaida you won it from me. TwiQ teH ybasomeiiiore wbenlcan,if you willlstme." " Itia-vsTy good of yon to trust me," said Hiaa3me, looking meekly down. " I will never part with the bookmark." And then, as -if inspired to Ssk one more qoasrion, she in- ' gurred; " She did not die; your . sister, did The voice' in which he replied, "No," was scarcely . audible.- They bad . reached, the rank-gates and parted on their respective ' reads When she readied home, a new surprise '-swatted- Madeline. A large packet had been leftfor her during church-time. The writing \- : outside it was identical with that npon the hook of vmHipimK ia the church. She sat down in a : vuur, -and undid her packet. It was a volume bf Beethoven's sonatas, but not a new one: and qir flie cover was the name "Olhre Bbcking- Asthe name met her eyes, they dilated. All the household were crowding about her ; but she -could not refrain from saying, "How Strange I Hovr very strange!" -;-fT - " It is a great compliment," said : hladeline, "that he should have given me 'these. They -belohgto his dead sister, or at ahy lte alost "Well, what is there oddinit, thahP" said ' . Mrs. Saltring - " Only this/' said Madeline, dreamily turn- ' ing the leaves of the sonatas, " my ' mother's name, was Olive. Mrs.-Saltring ejected more on hearing this ; j bat Madeline began to draw, off her gloves leisurriy, then roee and went upstairs. ; The plum-pudding had been brougit' in, all btmiing, accof "- of hot mince plsshad called forth a shout of glee from the youngsters. This shout covered A cryfrom Madeline, who was seated eppodte to the window, and saw someone jpass. That someone rang at the door/mdiwas admitted. A servant came in, and spoke to Mr. Saltring, and gave him a card. ' Strange said ; "T don't know the ttame at t&I.; "Simpler who cahbebe ?" \- Attho Boimd ct the name, Madeline grew more composed ; " a chance likeness, that was all," elm thought. Mr. Saltring said to his wife, "I Will go and seo him, and bring him in. He ..may as ysffl fantul . He'll take a' glass of : wimat«B«H®l®: . ®®raay poE ibly have come tioma dtihSP6 And Mr: jaltring laid his table-napkill Jipwi the table in y heap. Mrs. Saltrijte «>«ld not held noticing Made- \- ine's peculiatpook i : and it pasJed through - her brain in- am ITa wqt er it was that people's - loow should be t 1 different on different dayfJ Aad resemble- Jople they had notinng to W , Ohe da 1 Madeluie re- mindediier,!W_®?tah's baby but now there was a proud her face; that recalled to her no one BOyOiuch as Mr. J oclongham. It was odd; adl ,Bhe. unconaci usly wondered what -had bro»o"t ,« there a this particular ywwnfcr : ; . a j - . ; Mr. SaltrihgR 10utt voice wa s soon. heard as be approachedJP6 door acrostfthe hall. The dining-room: doV. swung opeiM Mr. Simpler was with him. Mwine dia nf t turn her face. She had hover a Mr. Biopler. He bore a very strange!1168® to someone she had known. She WOwd not look at him. Mr. Bimpler0' bis part, did not notice anyone but Mra.fwtrmg, to whom he was in troduced, and wilh whom he. entered into con- verttion. - . " .. c . ! " Youkhow ttraP8Pi8 1 ran with, 1 believe/' . he-said to her. Hackbit's clerk, and itiB bis burinessPfSt has brought me here to day/or rathhr hiB#puWe. _ He is ill, uhd Mrs. Hackbit beed hsff-fco ssk Saltring to come over. Claret? thank you." : His glass wasfid- .Mr.Bimpler glsd rpund the table, in the actof raising Jus bis lips. :''€ood heavensal exclaimed—" I mgn.ii good claret." j Everybody atoMl at him. What did he, meanby saying C®P® beavenB," for "good claret," aad ' ifl.1: a tone too? Bnt it was Jijb1®.. clear he had sufficient cause tu-jtedntfli for Miss Orme .wias in the act-of falling from her chair in a swoon. That mnst hae been what startled him. But how odd,h«i that he should have ssdd" gpod.claret,"fef-" goodheavens.'?- . A otm t. i-flmrn ifaVm1 followed, in which Mr. Rimppr mndn gookjs.wcspe from another room, oypininining pisot altogether natural vffira, thatstriumeiLsk9dirof the1 way. 1 He wasalonpwjiBiwbag-room for some minutes. Tle'Shmibhaiids together two or three times,. sam» , " Curse it She's in- -fernally like her. SM.' her J and. it'a.fhe most unpleasant business- She knew me; that's whythefainted. CoBafo®od it!" . At length asmflehKNia over his face. "I needn't trouble mysdfj'Ahe thought. /'She doesn't /seem :-toVjaujranp> Besides, I can swear I've never seeayp1 before; mistaken identity. ¥erya cafe for it ti» cotae out i»Ot 1 was a medical student in <3crmany,gwd all the rest of it. Woiidfir- where. her_ k®ber is ? By Jove though/she's gtbwhhSOTSomef ; and. more .a fpol, probably. ' She mtfmhave been a fool-to believe mm - I wonder limat she'd think, if she knew thatthe child waldead, after all, but only taken away. - - ft'seery strange coincid- flm»thatMra. Ha havB so much of ha: look, t Mere coincidence. It would be tpo nHich life ae penny agonies, if thatwpretO tum put tivbalhe very child. Yet such tidnj Mve VKed- 'It's so difficult to get at the tmtfc/the wmaan having lMt the neigbbQjiriiood d&vctly;, cad taken the chMwahhet. Ahd «ps.2HackMt says this i Olnld wae acollier's, vAws killed in an er- plosion, and tlm mother fifi|ihof the shock ; so fimthingeeemsisquaxeeanmu" l M itripgentered, aot an end to these | idwith s "Mficmeiaef hcwis riot strong. ' «ihius ia4 piritAneht -MT-fiiommg; that; riidslbee'zeeBoa of herdhtipg. ' It is hot; the ifigat tcnenhe has doneioriaee rite has been \- HaBplraJea with yop asked Mr. : .PimnlAPBnitfin nftraofll IT, /. ..-jJU - . «but vici bave grpwri yery f won't leaye.ira anyriuwo.t,. Ji Mr. inpler devbutiy hbra&he; would, but' couldsearcriy heilln iiwwF y " How ldhRMrJgeen so fll?" "WeBj hee <-b«sen jm2BBHa gzeat deal lately ; hnd l think ifiberii M|agcn tarn rite' lunl Iniii ililyn 'I liniiii Iwiiii mi M|mli|| Iiiiii Iiiiiii it I did myb«t ; Jbpt who anLxo dictate to, v 'hYbeze-'a no Jzaht for, such alAg time/'>Bud "Mr. Haltrinir. "BiaI va mnsiilK. Tt's tno 5M,&rme; For8e ; Xknpi .mbUc-hduse ¥ aj )rll&triAg;'a dorapcppTat thedoof ; %PM1& Kmpler drove :tway,'Mr. Ampler remafkiiidlKXithe frosti- cness of-the air audiie slippeahetSibf - the road, inthemost i in tnrnl in n ni inr.a nil jirif ribiiniTtlTiir the Bdman weakntess ofTopkffigs. . CHAPTER XXXEK.— Me. Hramrf's Chsist- \- / scab Day. - l ! ;' - - : It was between five andsix o'clock when Mr. Saltring arid Mr. RimpLBr arrivedhfi Haikbit'a house'; lt was dark: "There was iOiTlkhi' in any , Of ? the downstair rooms facing tba mreet ; but one of the two upper rooms bad aiit, -riioiie through darik red curtaiUB..? ' . ; , On entmrthpyyd8cai,.who /or had seeri Mr. 'QanS had ordefddstich largedoseB of laudaiiini, and so often, that Mr8. TTnr.hhit dared ' not give them. She tob upstairs with Mr. Hhttbit, which Wilson did not think proper or' ekic, as Mr. HackMt Was tend, in heropinioni aunvauted a Gtealt- jarket. . . : rMr. Saltring .went upstairs, and 2D|. Rimpler remained where he was, for the timeAnd after wards went to his own bedroom and At there. As Mr.Siutiing openedtbe.door pa ths bed room, Hesavvif eziah, terrified ahiyweeping, and Mr. Hackbit in a yery meitirinQ attitude. ITa MAnnn ' Xa- niimm nri ' '%Tv la 'mm 1>a iC BWIWM m Aouugu»o «i i - u entered, aridaddres8edbimatonce.4 " I'm glad you've come," he raid, with , heavy and ill-aimed movements, trpbg to 'wipe thepaeporation from his brow and fate, which wasdeeplyrecL "Yon will ae8 mM righted. They're hi a plot iagunt me. She'd hi it,' pointing with a trembling hand tq wardiKeziah. ./The devil's in it too. _ And T yaw; him last night looking at the window. They're all in ' We'll see it all pnt right," _ Mrljjaliring replied, boothingly. Then turning to'iKeziah, he said, " Wilson says you've not giien the medicine the doctor ordered.?' ' ' " : "JtVlauiannm/' whispered Keziah, with dilated eyes," "and so much and so often, Fm ,«f„id/?- -P. ' - iL : . Youvnust not be a&aid;," said. I« Salt- " backbit, begato walk about the xWn un evenly and rapidly.' . Mr. Saltring Readily dropped the laudanum into a glass. Ylome, Hackbit," he said, drink this.' | Hackbit made a stepforwardj and attonpted to grasp the glass/but missed his aim, did his band closed on air. He was standing close to Mr. Saltring now. His eyes were injected ter ribly, and looked as if-he couldiuitbavoslept for many nights. Mr. Saltring raised thej glass to Ms lips. HackMt attempted to hold itL too, but trembled so -violently that Mb teelh 'ehat- tered-vso&st; the glaBs. He swallowed ' Jko. dose, however. ' 1 " I shall be rmned," said be, as . soon) as he had shallowed it. " They'ra eJL- uriM plot, Saltring. There's that Rimpler, he. ferrets everything out. He got to know all 4bout uncle Rimmon and the business in Bam." Here he broke off, and began to strike tm air . 'violently: "-Tate that;" he said, " and tlst." The perspiration was pouring off him raw. Mr. Saltring pinioned him, rearing whJt.he would donext. 11 " Look here," be said, " Saltring. I'm Mot .going to be cut with them knives. I know what . you're holding me for." r " Yda'fb hot going to be cut with any knives." replied Mr. Saltring. " Well/' returned Mr. HackMt, confide, tially, " Fve killed that fellow three times 'to day, and there be is again," and be shook hSmV self free of Mr. Salfaing, and plunged towatdi the mirror, in which wa6 his own reflection, and sent it smashing into the window. Mr. Salt- ring seized hun, bat he was not sufficient. Hackbit struggled and raved. Keziah flew from the room, and called Mr. Rimpler. Wilson was on the staircase. " Fetch the doctor," Keziah sai o her; the master's worse." j She did not go back into the room. Onie free, she dared not return. She just went downstairs and eat in the dark diningroom, ia a kind of apathy. j \- She was startled from her reverie by thK doctor's voice. He was asking where she wasE She went to him. E " Have you given the laudanum, Mrsl Hackbit, 20 drops every two hours, since I wan here ?" he asked her. I "Oh, doctor, I didn't dare," eaid poor! TTc-nnh I The doctor was an abrupt, and not a ladies'! man ; so he became angry. . j "Do you want him to die," he asked, with an aspect of ferocity, " that you don't obey my orders? He would have been asleep now, if yon had done what I told ycu.'' And with this the doctor talked upstairs, Keziah f allow ing- . .. Mr. Hackjut faad in t ie me4ritime been fas tened lo tos Txsd, and hgd'019 more violent, though his efforts were ineffectual. I " Just one drink of brandy Rimpler, Cgme," Hackbit was bawling in Ms ear. " It would make a man of mB again, Look here," he called out to the doctor, " these madmen make me stay out in Hub graveyard without a drink of brandy to steady my nerves. They- can't see those ghostB, but lean. - Oh, how their hones rattle ! Just on6 little .drink of brandy, and I'll stand it."' And he tobMed on feverishly. "Look here, my good people, it's not my fault-./' he called out,"Iam only the represen tative. You didn't borrow the money of me. ook in my pockets. Fm as poor as you. Don't bother me about where'you're going to sleep to-night. See, I am in a cold ' graveyard. I've nothing better." Mr. Saltring looked at the doctor, who was dropping some more iaudauuminto the glass. "He's in a bad -way," he said. " He must get sleep/' said the doctor, " at all cost. That fool of a woman didn't give the doses." . -; Mr. Saltring fe ' inclined to resent this lan guage. Butlooking in the doctor's face, he concluded that his bark was worse than Mb bits, Hackbit willingly drank out of the glass, but did not appear satisfied. His hands were loosed, arid he moved "thshi incessantly in a nervous way against one another or upon the theqnil " Are you staying heretomight ?" the doctor asked of Mr. Saltnng. " Yra/?hererfisa| - " Then give him the 20 drops again, every two houre until, ha riaaps. Mrs. Hackbit ought to go to bed. She looks miserably ill. Give her two glasses of port wine." . " Thankyou,doctor," said Hackbit. "That's something like. I shall be another man now." Overhearing the words, he supposed the wine was ordered for himself , - Keziah had slipped from the room; but she . was standing outside. ' 'I have ordered you to drink two glasses of port/'eaid the brusque doctor. . : ."Np, no," said Keziah, waving him away with her hand. "Not that,not that terrible stuff, after— after what we've seen. Order me laudanum, like . him upstairs ; a good dose, and end, it all." And' she burst into a passion of weeptog. The doctor patted her head, as he might have done a chad's with Ms reragh, heavy hand, which could be gentle, it appeared. " You want rest." And he took her with him down stairs and administered the port wine there and tfyen, and went away, muttering that women were most extraordinary creatures. " Only think of that beast upstairs being cried about, and wanted to live. It seems the worse a man is the more they stick to biin." As soon as he. was gone, Keziah saw that a good table was spread for Mr. Saltring's use and comfort. Some hours later, when all was hushed in the sick room and Keziah was - lying on the couch m the dining-room , alone, die 'saw. a .figure standing outside; looking up to her window. She sprang np like a chfld who sees its mother altera longabsmice. ShecouMnotlethimgo away, again -without having one word , of com fort from him. She did not hesitate a moment. She mighthave wavered if she had. She flew to Elwortbjr'8 Bide. ' " Oh, Rupert,"' she raid in s convulsive whlBper. " He's maddened with the drink." El worthy held hernear him, and muttered something she did not catch. 4< You Jiave got smne doctor, Kizzy?" he: said. /Jhdhetell vou to give laudanum? He: mud have it to get to eleem,OE he will die.' " >! "Myjwordariing/ said Elwofthy. "What; elBecouIIhe lay' ? / You mud notrbmain here' anothermomimt ; you hre trmnbling." And, he added with some vehemence, "if .9y6u> were ilL who hhoulfl keep me awOy? 'Who is With himuowf You've got a hurse, Kizzy ? AndhethoujtwithhdErorof the possibility of his darling . having to listen' to the ravings of that brute who called her wife. . /'Mr.-, Salfaing came, qrid is with|<, m to- ,iinKt «1ii> «ungwnr«d- . God jbleiw and. reward. Mm for, iti" did EhVorthy solemnly. . " And now, goodnight." And he dud ling&ingfy;, /' I shdl come &rain; ' to-morraw, and uhtR fans fabuble is'over. , You: may roeak \to me or not, as you heed." He; -ionge&to; titis her, but did not do so. And. 'Kvra'fte found hereelf lamenting the fact, when iShe -waa once : more in rthe darkened dining- rb . . Bnf olII tliiB (ima Vv flilhB Vimnlnv ftorl ham . keeping a .vigil, like the owlin a helfry,wide8t awake whra others are sleejaim j: ;and bad been in no email degree amnsnd anf gratified by the scene that was euacteduhderhis window. \- ' ; ' — . CHAPTER KL.HpB9HQU3 Boxne . The following morning, to tiie utter astonish ment" of everybody hut - Mr; .Saltring;. Mr. HackMt presented a perfectly natural appear ance— infact, Beemed qiiite well. Hewashot in good temper, however. Mr. Stitring cpuld nbthelp' notidhg ' thet Keriffii was hen Ming Well treated, and he felt that he could not leave " the :hoase>. without speaking of it. He had alwayB beeu extremelyfood of Keziah, and he and Hackhit had had former conversations . npon the question of drink, which made it easy for bim to speak.. 'The. conversation took, place while .Hackbit was sitting up in bed, eating his breakfast, at elevfai o'clock, for he badslept till then: '' " This is a bad job, Hackbit," Mr. Saltring began. " 'You were going to reform when you married. This'ls the way yon. have done it. Don't yoti think it too bad?" . "That's all you. know about it," retorted HackMt, with a cunning expression. "Tou see, I thought I was marzymgan honest woman, but I have changed -my, ojMiion, and see' no necessity for being:tooparticnlar." , " What do you mean- Hacktot?" said Mr. Saltring .very- indignanuy. ' "Are yon aware what you are staying ? Do yeu know that you are attacking . one of -the best And purest of women bv vour vile insinuation ?" \- tl TT. Ui UThot IrtnH nf language is au verj T well when you Want to j write poetry, and when you're in love. I now give it as my opinion that there is no such, thing as an -honest woman." 'Mr. Saltring stared. He could.not for a mo- merit reply. At length he said" You are esti mating others by yourseif, Backbit." And than, regretfully, "I used to ttonk_ there was some good in you, but ! don't think it now.- A man who can slander that angel ... wants licking.-" ' 1 " Look here," said HackMt, stopping in the conveyance of a spoonful of egg to his mbnth, " just you stay here to-night, and 'watch by tins window, and if yon don't see . that Edmonton — that Elworthy, I mean, ' him — my name isn't Hackbit." " One of your wild illusions," said Mr. Saltring, defiantly. "And if you think I shall play the spy on your wife, you have made a great mistake,. lean trust her." " Well," said HackMt, "that, time Will show. But if you don't believe my words, ask Rimpler." " Do yon mean to tell me that you've been setting that c«r on to spy upon your wife ?" " No, I don't. It was he who told me first. He had seen them together, and seen bim lurking about at night, when she hasn't dared to go out to him, I suppose." "I don't believe a word of it," said Mr. Saltring, mopping Ms bald head, " and the . sooner you get that slanderous villain outof the house, the better. He must have a good opinion of yon, to toll you such a thing. Fll answer for it, nobody would speak to me of my wife so. You are as bad as he is, Haekbit. We can't so easily getrid of you, but you can get rid of him." " No; I can't," replied Hackbit, Bhortly. " Because you want to keep him as a Bpy, I suppose." No, not for that either. I can do my spying myBelf. But be knows too much of my business to be sent away." "It must be creditable bussiness to make you afraid to send hun away." " It's none of vour business at any rate ; but I tell you one thing, Mr. Saltring, I shall not have yoii here lecturing me. Every English man's houBe is his castle. So take' yourself off. 1 won't have yon in my house another moment, on an; pretence whatever. You -seel can send yon away, if I don't send Rimpler.'' And Hackbit tore, violently at a bell rope near him. It came away in his hand, aad dropped upon the bed. " Hackbit felt angry enough to have done anything. Mr. Saltring suuled faintly, and said, " If you -were going to ring to have me shown out, you might spare yourself the trouble ; I know the I way." And be moved towards the door. " This I from a man," he thought, " whose life I have tlprobably saved." How much he wished he /had kept his temper. This man was master of rthe house, and of Keziah; and now thathe was .(forbidden the house, he could help Keziah in Jin way, whatever might happen. He went Slowly from the room, followed by a m-ocking diaugh from the b«d. When he heard this and thought of the spirit that prompted it, his Wheart failed him for the girl who must remain Snder the same roof ; and he thought bitterly, ow far from human help a wife was, if her |t husband should ill treat ber. tt' : He b«d been downstairs to breakfast, and 8 Keziah had become almost oheerful with him at . 1 the table to wait upon. She had been so com- 1 forted in having bim in the house. How should i he tell her he was never to come again ? » He went to the nursery to look for her. She U thought something was wrong, for he did not ilnotice eithef of thechiMren. 1 " Eizzy/' he said, " Corns downstairs-. I want to sneak to you. Heaven knows when I shall cfitwduuun to do that again." She caught ber breath quickly, «nd waited orhimtoetolaift. ... " Yes, Kizjy, I am not to coine here any -more," he said " I have offended your husband.' She listened, and waited. She could not have spoken if worlds 'had depended on .it. The 1 ground seemed to be taken away piece by piece, from under her feet. " Mr. Saltring," she said, at length- with tearle8seyes, "Someone great kindness. 'It is great, I know, and my heart will ache. ."But I reel now is the. moment. I " must mak/ihe sacrifice. Who knoWs whktteagedy w i»teiira to this house ? Dear Mr. Salfaing/ 'shb";sauL clutching Ms hand in both hers, white hetooltea aWay from her, <( take'Bertram home withyou. Yeu offered to do it orice, and I would riot. I thought I was; going to do so well for mm. I have not the. power now. .1 feel he.iB not safe under this roof. My husband hates , him. I£ everything must go, whynot sooner as well as later ? He will cry for me a little, but he will forgetsoon. You willall beso pood to him." Mr. Saltring had let her go On without replying. Then he turned his face full on her, and, holding- her by both shoulders, said, " Get him ready." The soiile that broke over the pale face would have beeu a reward for any Mte. She was turning away, vrfien be called her back to remark, '' Shall ! take both children ?" \- f No," sheeaid, wistfully, " Lenny is safe enough; he is Ms father's child." It was not long before the child was brought ; and he seemed very much elated at the thought of going a "yide In a gee-gee." But to the astonishment, and even disgust of Wilson, who was crying, and also of Mr. Saltring and Keziah, the child insisted on saying good-bye to " Rimpy," as he called him'. : ' Some people tlrink that- children' and dogs can always mid out a bad man- We know from experience this is far from, being the case. A man who is fond of dhildfen, and kind in his manner to them, will always win their regtucd, be he ever eo badin otheir respects. - It was a fact thakjlr. Rimpler, hearing the child from the offire, which Was next to the dining-room, came in, looking a good deal cut up at the thought of' 'parting with Mm, and seemed really moved when the child flung his arms about his neck. " Oh, you old hypocrite, said Wilson, under her breafh.: She was like many others; to her Mr. Rimpler was a prodigy of evil; consequently, she could.not believe in his possessing, a single trait of goodness. ' Rut the hypocrite went into the office gnd positivelysheda few tearswheu there was no one to see Mm. .. There hadheen a time in Ms life when sof terms had been thrown roiond Ms neck arid lie had felt himself the happiest mbn alive. ' But now, long ytears had passed since he had felt them: How there little axtoB reminded t of that time! At this moment, could he have chosen some definite path of right,- be would have -gone , headlong into it. But he thought of no direct -cooise. And a vague wiBh to do better rarely ends in much good. ; Keriah did not cry when she parted with her: darling. She wasfilled by the fought that she ssss&SSBMiMi;'. betiiB gairiCr. , i V A: box of clothes was to be'aent oii, rind nothing' went with tlje chRd but one little boix, 'V " fclEteSttBugjgdt out m bed, riaw - taakHt off, and und&sti;»d tbe roe at oboe; witoiiA elefU he'decided tobeont- idly vexed. His. bSire was.off,-he. «6tring;-a6hrislnipedouraaie ofhis«Ntiriritirif -quickly a»ha-«>ula/rid w W»T that wouldhavristaitied anybody titetfgw Mill. , . /' v; ; j S'li 1 He found .'KezEaAand Wihm.diyiMjlia|c eyre m the/diinF1 revenge that tehst he effective. . j "So Keriah, ydu bave thwmht ffito htttd Bertram away without corisdltirig me. NOW there is only one- clnld,'1he is no need 'for WOsMi uus witii aii evil light in hk' eyes. « You can occupy yourself with attending to Deonard. <: TbenpeAapsyon win gst to eatfe iittiebit foe your own duld. You've a month's notice from to-day, JWlson.' . .Wflson'sredeypsflachBd . she fiun . ut of theroom-. . .. ' i . " Why do you do it ?" said Keziah. "Why do you send everybody away who 'is kind to mer' , - ' - " To plearie myself,"said bmhtubrind coldly. "You have more! to learn yet, Keziah - Doydu tbSnkfaaatetotrifiewithme?" ' 1 ' " I do not trifle with yeu," xrinzned Keriah steadily. ' . " Yon lie," replied her huBband.. ' PerMraa y on wouldlike me toBend e/ou away from the house, aad give yon ah excuse to do what you want to do. Wellj jtou shidl not have yofpr wisu. You shall stay here, and wait on me, and obey orders. Don't tiiihk it's because Fm so fond' of you. But I've a right over, you, and here you etay." ' ; " You treat me like a slave/' said Keziah. "You shall know more of what that means," said heriord, and' left her. - Mr. Rimpler had heard this oonversatiou, as anybody might.have done who had beeu ih the office -at the bme. Ahd whrin Hackbit, having left Mb wife, joiited'him, he was moved to say, having just hM Ifetter feelings.' " You've beeu tbio: hripfl on Mrs. HatkMl. Tnspife of aR We're seen I'rion't belie ve shy harm bas beenhone ; and I don't believe Mrs. Hadddt would ever do any harm. She h&sdOne; no worse thrin speak to- Mm. That's my opinion, andl know the world." "Oh, you are ctever, we know that,'' retorted HackMt. "You set the match to the fios:and now it has grown as big as a house, you eect a bucket of water to put it out. The game doesn't pay. 'Do you want her yourself, that yoii begin to defend her? Go ana ask 'her .to goaway with yop;. riie "Would if' you risk 4 " and I would never ask her." "Ob. you are both angels from heaven I know/' sneered Hackbit, . J'But about the business, Rimpler. Yon'll have to be more cautious. If you ruin peopleyvholesale, vjre shall get into toe papers. You Bofd up ari awful numbei; of faniilite last month; and iri" 6be neighbourhood; too: . TheyTl get' talking together, and then it'll getinto the papere, and they'll find oat who it is that'8 the real money- lender, and then'it wfil ha fu'inatioh." . " It would'nt be you ruined ; it would be Mr. Rimm " And isn't that me ?' retorted HackMt,. snappishly. " Don't Trnean to MiveMfl money some time? Heinay Make It a good. deal more if he keeps dark a few years longer." . " If you go on drinking as yon have been lately,' you'll die first. You've drunk yourself into delirium tremens about as soon as any man I have ever seen.". Everybody in the house was surprieed to see Mr. Hackbit go off to Birmingnam that day, except the doctor, who said that opium had often done as -much in cases of delirium tremens. Mr. Hackbit had scarcely left the house, when irw/h pat on her ihings-and went up to her mother's. She was not away long; bat Mr. Rimplernoted the .time when she left, and the timfl of her return, in a mechanical sort of way. When he heard her come info the next room, communication, and teldresBgl her in a way he -mean! to be kind, but he received a chillin re buff.' "Oh, very well: "my fine lady/' said Mr. Rimpler. " The day may not be far distant whenyou villgret not having taken Silas Simpler for a friend." "Yon haven't it in you to be a friend to anybody," retorted Keriah,' and quitted the room It was on account ot this rebuff that Mr. Rimpfar, on Hackhjt'e return, reported KeriaVa having been out, and added a little to itdnbia own account. ConseqUOntiy, when Hackbit went np to bed and found his wife with her head already on tne piuow, ne oraerea ner to get up, and tola her to so and sleeD in the spare room by herself. She obeyed in a bewildered dream, and crept from the room, carrying some of her clothes with her, and feeling that when Wilson was gone she would indeed be at the mercy of two villains. There , was no bed prepared in the spare room. The bed that belonged to it was kept under another when out of use. But what did it matter? She laid herself wearily upon the mattress, and covered herself with the clothes toe bad bra ght and la awak all night The following morning Kezian dressed nerseif and went down early. Hackbit appeared at the usual hour. Keziah glanced at him as he entered the" breakfast-room. He knew it, though he 'did riot look at her. He bad bis dressing-gown on, and he seated bimself at his end of the breakfast-table, and took up the newspaper which lay folded on his plate. The servant brought in the coffee. Keziah commenced to pour it out. She passed her husband his cup. He put down bis paper and helped himself to a chop, but did not offer any such attention to Keziah. She did not want anything, but a certain pride in ber would not give in, and allow him to think Bhehad no appetite. Besides, Mr. Riur pier would 'be-in directly, and she did not mean Mm to see her ; with an empty plate before her. So she walked to her husband's end of the table, and helped herself under his very nose, i 5he dame into such dose quarters that Hack- bit feltobliged to apeak to bar, though not by % FbOro you have spint a good night," he said, satirically, " and-that you feel refreshed add aUthaf Aral "I thank you," said Keziah, with mock politeness. "The question is rather un- nece38My /Bering fb at it 'fans passed away from you. Yes, I slept very well, thank you— much betterthau usual." Mr. Rimpler. here made his appearance, rubbing his hands together; which were red with cold.- He looked at Hackbit first, then at( Keziah ; anl af ter a curt good morning they never: shook handsr-he remarked, , as if taken unawares, " Iithink Mrs. Hackbit looks in need !of Arioatot;/' ' -j . / Mot at all,'? rranaxked her husband, " she : h'beayihghow yrellshe is." Keriab wo.2id-' perhaps have relied herself, but sbe wasrielteawrth afit of couiihg. ' " Pretty well done," ohserred her husband, ' seeing you are not on the stage." - : Keziah began to eat ber breakfast in a kind of desperation, butthe effortto swallow seemed great. Rimpler furtively watched her. Hack- bit tried not to do so, but failed. , "Oh," hesaid, getting up from the table at last, "I can't sit at the table to see you swal- > lowing your breakfast like a dog does dump lings.' "Then go away if you don't want to, see me," said Keriah. An thiii could not go on without some com ments being made in the kitchen. Both the cook and the gardener had agreed' that Wilson had been ill-treated by Hackbit in having received notice, and bad commiserated her. Thus it happened that the elderly female began to hare a better opinion of the other domestics. This morning on entering the lnfa»Vn she closed the door, and said to the cook : ' " Do you know where the missis slept last night ?!5 " No," answered the cook. "She slept in the spare room, with no bed and no covering," " What a shame !" cried the cook and Roberts, the gardener, simultaneously; " I dread going," said' Wilson. "Who will there be to- look after the missis when I'm gone? And she's. not fit to4 look after Leonard."./ ".He is "a brute," said Roberts, "as ever- lived'; and it's much to me if Rimpler doesn't jet a match for him before he's done, and serve umrrighttoo." . " Well/' said the cook, "if you do go, I shall look after the baby. I shan't let Her. It's a sin and a shame ; aad he's .as rich as a Jew, I do believe." \- "l ehalRwrite to Mrs. Towers and tell her all abput It to-day," said Wilson, following her own thoughts rather than answering. " And I shall letMr, David Rimmpn know, too. It's no use teHIng her father. He won't hear any thing against Mr. Hackbit." " Arid when you' ve told them," said Roberts, "what'eanthevdo?" ' "They mtehtget a separation." "Them articles -aren-t so easy got as you, seem to think," eaid Roberts. You've never; tried to get ane. mayhap." . j "Of course not, '' said WU8011 1 how should, I? But what's timt got to do with it?" " VTell, a good deaV' replied the gardener. CHAPTER XLL— C6hfoet fbou OTHERS' i Woris. WhOe WRson tras1 writing to Mrs. Towers: arid to David Rfempn, another letter was beteg: written to David - that might - bring Mm to; JuUiley. The writer was Jorana Rimmon. . ;;-iSite'tttiriiat(rilmawreti«rK r . . . i self Waxing elpqraJL3ff you of, my boy w∈ ypu'tri1%aited, arid who, I -'tiUsfaiy lmiye'riLteriiigaad a comfort to would I not riarefaimri sfasugbf to ,hia ; father : bouse, an 'eiitiSfi.' Heriead RbefWriYnls/wlntey W OMUm irubslwis jSr a epbrting but -tittle urafaeBtnn' u letter+TrcBa ifia iather. David banded it to him when he had read it three finrfii V:se"-';I:V Dear msu" brake Yorth Jubal, Having peruwd- it wRh-eteyatedeyMirows 5 "a master-; -a birii mildly. 1 " The- ,comtm«id that we shal riot judge, thatritewSTudAd, means -tiiatwe Are riot to pntrptoptejaFriip meaning wrong . ftiaf nnNhna-.. "I 'firidiW' atjriall |n understand ing, "retettmd'Jiilisdj'ifenderly touching his wavyhair andiodiang atit ina mirror oppo- rite. "He thinks people in Jumley will talk if he doeen't have anybody for New Year's Eve. and there's nobody to come. but Dorcas arid end us, aria pay moist tespectod brother- in-law, who wiH probably refuse to dance attendance on tbat occasion." ' - '"Of course ;T cannot control you," said Datidriulclly; "but for myself, I cannot pray, Eonrivome my sins as I forgive those who riridgrinst me,' and,ref use at the same fame to ifrinwagliHusr.'- '' "He has never asked you to forgive Mm," raid JubaVa cynical smile breaking over his fees/ ; / WeU, no," replied David, colouring, a Utile. " Now lthihk of iti tie hasn't, 8tpl, Msways aren't like oursi ne never was_ like oflier people ; arid I think he meanB it all right. But l think that H'S rio part of my' work to rift arid 8ift,'and'fin _That's the work of a higher than me. But it is for rie to forgive seventy times seven, and to live neaceahiv with all men. so far as it in me lies; audi shallgo to Jamley. . " You're -not a bit of a man, ancle," said Jubal superiorly, "or ycra wouldn't 'be taken in.as.you are.". " I'm afraid.I am cowardly; it has always been my fault," said David simply. < But I don't think 1 mean to "be cowardly in this." Andhe faiok up the other letter and looked at the address. : - "I don't know this writing," he observed. I wonder. Who it is.". . " Why don't-ou open it; and see?" .said-. . Jubal iralher His -uncle sillBntly opened the tetter. ' Oh,- Jubal/' be said, with a' kind of cry. " Poor Keriali!" : . . ' What's the 'matter With her ?'? Jubal asked xathe-iridiffereutly. ' 7' . "This js from nCr nursemaid, Wilson ; she save that Thomas is frightfully illtreating her. I am astonished." I'm not.- She 6houldnt have married him. She made her bed; let her lie on it." " I wonder how you can talk so," said David, in atone as nearly approaching anger as he had - ever used to Jubal. "One would think you had no affection at all for her, your own sister." . " She shouldn't have played the fool. I was all right with hen before." . Jubal," said his ancle, depreciatingly, " is this the time to reproach ber with a false etep?" " I'm not going to.reproach her. I shall not go near ber. Bat I'm not sure I won't go home, if it's only, to see the mother. She was always decent enough." , "I fhitilr it is your duty to go home, now your fate calls you. And I think it is, your duty equally to be kind to your sistei, who has certainly always been good to you, and who Is sorely in need of a kind friend just now. You could be more to ber than anybody else, if you liked. You ought to go, JabaL" " Ought standB for nothing. If I go home, I don't toink I shall open my lipe to my father. I shall certainly not go near Keziah." " wen, well," saia uavia xummon. -- x ao wish I had Bomebody to advise me.". Afid it passed through Ms mind how good an adviser Maud Towers would have been, had he been free to go to her. But he was not. At the some hour Maiid was equally per plexed with David, and the same subject was before her notice. She did not take long to con sider her action. She wrote to Keziah : — " My Deae, Drab Keziah,— I have heard to-day, with a pain that shows me how jdear you are tome, of the sea of trouble which" sur rounds you and threatens to overwhelm you. One sad consolation I have to offer, and you will, I fear, say this is none. For in suffering for each other, we do not increase each other's load; You are not alone. If you are over whelmed, so am I. How came we both to make such mistakes ? Out lots, though different, are strangely alike, except in one thing. You looked for calm life with your cousin ; I looked for bliss. You have missed the calm and found tumult. I have missed supreme hanpineBS, and found supreme misery. Perhaps this does not sound like sympathy ; yet as I write my heart Meeds for you. I find myself always sighing for the days when you and I had quarrelled at my fireside, and were so happy, and did not know it. None know what happiness is but those wboi have lost it for ever. We are both of'us so .young, Kizzy, it does seem hard that we should look with longing eyes to the titne when death shall release us from our many sotrawa. I can Only gunk of that ; and yet, it is not lioppiness in another life that I look for, only rest from this torment ; for bow can I ex pect the love that has died upon earth, and left my living love clinging to its corpse, to rekindle in another world? It will not happen. Eternal love that men talk about does not exist. What cause have I ever given that he should turn from me ? Mo never spends a moment in my company he can help. We have no business connection now, even. For I bave ordered all the rents to .be paid into his bands long ago, and I take just what he doles but to me. I . often walk m the cemetery you and I looked at together one day. You remember we said we would not - go there again ; it made us sad. Now, it comforts me just a little, for I look at the white stoneB and the fresh grassy mounds audi think, This is a home where I may rest some day-— sooner, perhaps; than l dare hope.' : I felt a hit hurt at first when I heard that Bert- ram had gone to Mr. Saltring's. I would have been so. glad him;. -but. you know best. It will surprise you to hear that I never paint anything now, -and I never touch the piano. You .may ask, How do I employ my time, then?' .1 don't think 1 know. I can't think of anything Just now thatl am in the habit of doing. I hope you have not thought it unkind of me not to have written to you before ; but I bad no good news to Bend, I did not wish to sadden you. 1 could not write toyouandpretendall was right, when" it was so far, far from being the case. But now nothing I can send you could make you more miserable than my silence. I feel very thankful to Wilsbn for having written; please tell her so from me. 'Lionel is in a dreadful way about me.- He can't help seeing how things are, though I have told Mm nothing. You know, I suppose, that Gerald is with Dr. Elworthy. They get on to gether very well ; but Gerald never comes here. He must have seen s.nd un-exstoo n his one visit. — M .. - - _ 7.7 .1 " Tnm'gBiit. in xor 1x10 examination aguu, and got plucked. When he came and told me, he said Ineed not fear ; he would fulfil the condition that I had made for him on marrying , him.' To think of my being interpreted in that way, Kizzy! Yon know it was for him, and bim alone, 1 wanted him to get his qualifica tion. What couW it- pjjier to me? What iau anytiiing matter to me now, since he does - not love hie, and never, never will again ? If I had said anything like that to yon in- the' old days when we were together, you would have shaken that smell head of yours, and made me some saucy answer.; I .wonder if you ever, makesaucy answers now to anyone? -I cannot ; bear to imagine yon as always grave ; it seems so unnatural. But perhaps it is as difficult for you to imagine me 'wandering about in an - aimless way, existing from day to day, not living, not caring a bit what I put oh, nor bow I look. . But 1 do know that nothing I put on, nothing I could put on, could riiake me look pretty, as you used tb.tiuuk me. I have grown very thin, and'my eyes always look heavy and dull; it must rieing eo tittle and trying so muchi'l8uppoBe. But enough of Hub.: You used to say T> was unreasonable. If I could only .; 'Irave you again all to. myself, I don't think I shonla be so unreasonable. TrouMe makes such changes in one. Tom is changed ; Ms hair is turning. quitegrey. And how, Nearest Klz2y, tet uebeaUmafi toeach other, &bugh; it be- oniy in thought arid at a distence. .< > " Your faithful friend. Maod." When Keziah received this letter she bad a; brief moment of reBt.from her own sorrows in thinking of her friend's. " Ah," she thought, ; " however bitter my tot is, Maud's is worse; I1 am only separated from the man I iove, and am ifl-treated by the man who ls my husband but Maud has tost.the love of the rnan she still tores: axid who once loved her. .rY«s,-.tbat is worse.?' : BltefcouM;, picture, it. She had only to think What it would be like to have married Rupert1 and then to hare tost'his love. | CHAPTER XLI I. -ME. RnaiOif LOSES MOBB ; ; THAN Hra TEHEEB. ' . ' Keziah did not answer Maud's tetter at once, : for riie had other matters in hsnd. . She ' had- promised to golii and heto her mother in pre paring ior the New Year's Eve festivities which were to coine; off as usual. Mr. HackMt had been persuaded by his father-in-law to join the party, just to keep up appearances. Whether ; he would -actually do So or : not was still a: question. He was not drinking so much; he had had a fright. How long this would last, was doubtful. -He made no objection to Keziah'sgoi Dg in to assist her" mother, telling her, politely ilmt her room was better than her company. Keriah 's spirit rose against this insult, and -file determined to fight hard to look as if all "were right; and not give Mm the pleasure of cbwingner. She mitered her father's house by the back Way, and went into the kitchen.1 There was Mrs. Rimmon in a large apron, toing thejtuddihga up, reOdy to put into a pot that whs boding on the fire. : "Tbte gr,sWrir8e t&an; ever this year," Mrs. Rimhion ban, " and now the boiler's cracked, arid we can get no hot waiter. Just ae if faiere wasn't' worry enough, without that. And Tm sure I dont think any of the fuss as is made ia worth white. Who wants to come here? ' i\ever mma, motnei," re turn cu. uezian. " It is not worth making a bother about; you -should get hardened. Give people their deserts. . If the dinner gets spoiled, .don't you trouble your head about it. It's no good people worry ing themselves info titegrave because they can't please people who are uripleusable." She had beeii taking off her things while she spoke, -and turning up her sleeves, in readintes to be of use. "What shall 1 do first; mother?" she- asked. " Well, Kizzy," \6aid her mother, "If you'd just make a bit of paste for a .mince 'pie for your father's dinner— bell expect one." ; "And is nobody else to bave one?" broke in Keziah, sharply. ' Not to-day," said Mrs. Rimmon. " You see, we shall all get some on New Year's Eve." "All right," rejoined Keziah. "If no one else is to have any, he shan't have any either." "If you won't make it for him, I-must," said Mrs. Rimmon, resignedly. < TliwiT-. ha on stnriid. mother. Tell Grumns yon asked me to do it and I wouldn't." - " On, Kizzy," said Mrs. Rimmon, beginning to cry "There is always a plenty, of wasps flying about, without stirring up -a wasp's nest." "Indeed," retorted Keriah, amused. "And if the wares nests are left alone, the more wasps, will be flying about." 'Well, those as stir them np are sore to get stung,'' said Mrs. Rimmon. " Well, what does it matter," said .Keriah, "if they don't ask other people to hear the smart for tbem?"r "I have heard of people being stung to death," returned Mrs. Rimmon. who had got deep in the metaphor, and rather astonished :he?srif. . "I am one of the people that would rather be sfaing to death at once than ' be pestered by occasional.stinga for years, aud years." There was more in this than Mrs. Rimmon could see, for she, in cotfimon with others of the human race, was thinking of her own situation more than of her daughter's. When half-past one came, Mr. Rimmon arrived, and demanded Mb dinner. A cloth ' was laid for bim on the end of the dining - room table, and farther than this be could see no preparation, so he came into the kitchen to view the land. He caught sight of his daughter. It bad beeu to ""» some satisfaction that Keziah was caged ; but he had never lost his fear of her. So when ho saw her> there, he did not break forth as he would otherwise have dime. "What -do you want?" Keziah asked riiarply. Well, my dinner," replied her father. " Well, the quietet you . keep about it, the eooner you'll get it." < What was the use of his remaining, in the kitchen ? None at all He went bade to the drawiugroom, and took up a volume of Wesley's sermons and scanned it morosely. He had not to wait long. Keziah with her own hands brought a tray in, and to Mr. Rimmon's infi nite astonishment, she placed between Ms knife and fork a plate with a few slices of cold meat upon it. " What's this, Kizzy ?" he said, eyeing the pla'te from where he- eat, with much disfavour. ' It's your dinner/' said Keziah, " and the sooner yoii eat it the better." Mr. Rimmon seated himself at tne table, but did not begin to eat the meat. He was think ing that he would mak6 his dinner off the mince -pie that was to follow. He waited a long time, hut nobody came. He rang the bell. Sarah answered it. " lake tbis away," ne said, pointing at tne plate, " and bring the mince-pie in.'' " There's no mince-pie," said Sarah, half afraid. " -No mince-pie !" said Mr. Rimmon, with a stop after each syllable. On hearing this, Mr. Rimmpn got up from the table with the intention cf going without any dinner. There was an iron safe in the wall of the room, and he unlocked it, intending to get some papers out. He put the door hurriedly to as he beard some one come in. He thought it was Keziah, and resolved not to speak to her. Gut it was his sister Dorcas. Her brother looked at her, and wondered what on earth bad brought her there. Her face was beaming. " What do you think, Joshua ?"' she said. " I don't know," said Joshua, very in differently That wretch Brougham -Banner's son has been drowned ; one of the twins, you know.'' Having imparted ber news, she waited. As her brother did act speak, she said : "Are you not goihg to say anvtiubg, Joshua?' " Yes," he answered. " Go about your business." ' Oh, indeed," said Miss Dorcas, swaying her bead up and down, " I_ must go about my business, must I ? And is it any part of your business to Bend me about my business ? Answer me that." , " I tell you 1 don't want to be bothered with you," said Joshua irritably. " Oh, and you're ready to use me," said Ms siBter, " and also abuse me, so it stems. But let me tell you one thing, there's a dog on your track. Ha !" she said, " I thought you'd show Some interest at that piece of news: Only last night, sir X heard a man call you/awhitsa sepulchre./ The scriptural phrase stabbed Joshua deeply Was it a Jumleyman?' ; 'That's mvbusiheSs, and Fll mind it." " What do you want to be such a fool' for?" ' . said her brother. ' ' If anybody said such, a thing, I ought to kno w who it is.; Would you let the ground be taken from under my feet, and never give me warning??' Measure for measure," ssnd Mias Dorcas. " The measure you mete «haP -be measured to you again.' " Well," said her bretuer, with a grim smile, "my ruin would be your ruin, thank Heaven." " Ho, bo," laughed Dorcas. " When a house falls there's always somebody on the look- out to carry the treasure.away. What if the one who carries the treasure away should marry me ?" All the anxiety died out of Mr. Rimmon's face on hearing this: " A mate's nest," he said. " I know whom you mean." . And he laughed satirically, locked up Ms iron safe, and was leaving the room when the key dropped from his pocket . on to the cushioned chair, and he did not hearit. He went back ' to Ms bank laughing to himself. No sooner had be gone right away from the bouse than Dorcas gleefully Beized the key. " Oh, Silas, my dearest/ she cried, " my time has come at 'last." 'And- she opened the safe, having previously locked the do6r just as Joshua Rimmon had. done in'the hour. when he betrayed Rupert Edmonton. Somehow the words she had jnst used to hpr brother canie. into her mind, she didriotknow/why : "The measure ye mete shall be measured unto .you again." Had she known all about , the treach erous deed her brother had been guilty of, the words would have been ominous enough. But she did not. Having taken a certain bundle of papers out of the safe, she placed 'the Ieot ' on the' leather chair, where it had fallen. So it happened that when Joshua came home and lite eyes fell upon the key, a cold sweat broke out .upon him and a great feeling of gratitude came into his heart, he hardly knew to what or .whom, to. fate most probably, that lie and no other had > found the key.' It never occurred fohim in any form that it might have/here found and used. Tbat mght 'Dorcas Riminon waited in the shadow of a fanned engine haute in the Old Perk." A keen wind was blowing, and she stared as far as she conld along thB dark path that led between worked -bnt mines towards her brother's bouse. . Hut, wearied by the intense darkness, she tamed her eyes away to rest upon the dim lights of the town and the glare of the furnaces. Afigureof.amau was approaching bet ween her and one of the lights. Could it be Silas, coming another way r He -might bave here somewhere for Thomas, and so have been unable to keep his appointment. \- The man was passing her. " Perhaps he can't see me," thought Dorcas. She Stepped out. a little. " Silas,'/ she :said in :a. sharp whiter. . The .man .turned' upon her ana What ate you prowmg about for ?" said a husky voice- - /.That te the emesribu fwi' use In this country ? Oh del, what 7a ooontryltis." Dorcas retreated into the shadow- But she %as not so easily quit of the stranger, whofol- lowedher. " And was it for me you were waiting P?he said, in a charming, manner. Mtookyou-for a pit-bauk worker, as. they call tbemin this heathenish land. Bpt I see you are respect- able., These pit-bank workers, they will ve jou a kiss, bujfc they doamell of the coal. . Hut you smell sweetly of the I avehdef- water. It is a shame you should wait here in solitude. I will beary ou company. " " Ate ybua Btriger to these parts V' asked Miss Dorcas, hong this stranger would stay until &uas; mrnpier came up, to excite bis jea- loasv and so increase'Ms ardour. ; / Yes, I am a etrajer to these parts," re- plied.tho gentleman, . r./Rntjl, will know the neighbourhood better if you sennit me." . Oh"' thought Dorcas, Aelightod, "he thinks the neighbourhood belongs to me !" She wondered what this. stranger was like, it being toe.dork to dtetingmsh' Ms features, " Are you intending to Stay hue," asked Dorcas sweetly! for any time ?" ; " I stay,'" replied the etranger, «' wherever 'soft arms detain me. Bnt at present it te at Wolverhampton I am, amnsmg the ' public, wMcb te not very elevated, it races appear to me." . "May I akk Where ate you goingnow ?" " I was goihg tip to a Mr. H&ckbeetfs;, on a little matter of business?' « " Oh, he is my nephew,'' ,» < Your what ? PflCiel Then you were the youngest of the lWily, te it not, come to . brighten the old age of your esteemed martima and papa?" .... " No, I am not the youngest," replied Dorcas. . The ardour of the gentleman seemed to go down considerably, and he bade her a cool goodnight, t ' As he was departing, not taking particular 1 notice of Mb footing, he threw himself into 1 the arms of Silas Rimpler, who was advancing from the opposite direction. " What the devil are you about ?" jerked out Mr. Rimpler, catching Ms breath and staggering. (TO BE COKTIgPgp). 