™ THE DAYS A. MILITARY NOVEL By G. A. HENTY, Author of "The Curse of Carnes Hold," "A Hidden Foe," &c.; (Published by special arrangement with the author. /II rights rtserved.] Chapter XIII. The doctor had just sat down to dinner when Bathurst came in; the two subalterns were dining with him. That's good, Bathurst," the doctor said as he entered. "Boy, put a chair for Mr. Bathurst. I had begun to think that you had deserted me as well as everybody else." " "I was not thinking of dining," Bathurst said as he sat down, " but I will do so with pleasure, though I told my man I should be back in half an hour," and as the servant left the room he added, "I have much to say, doctor; get through dinner as quick as you can and get the servants out of the tent." The conversation was at once turned by the doctor upon shooting and hunting, and no allusion was made to passing events until coffee was was put on the table and the servant re tired. The talk which had been lively during dinner then ceased. "Well, Bathurst," the doctor asked, "I suppose you have something serious to tell me." "Very serious, doctor," and he repeated the news he had given the major. "It could not be worse, Bathurst," the doctor said quietly after the first shock of the news had passed. "You know I never had any faith in the Sepoys since I saw bow this madness was spreading from station to station. This sort of thing is contagious. It becomes a sort of epidemic, and in spite of the assurances of the men I felt sure they would go. But this scoundrel of Bithoor turning against us is more than I bargained _ for. Thero is no disguising the fact that it means a general rising through Oude, and in that ease God help the women and children. As for us it all comes in the line of business. What does the major say i " The only question that seemed to him to be open was whether the women and children could be got away." " But there does not seem any possible place for them to go to. One or two might travel down the country in disguise, but that is out of the question for a large party. There is no refuge nearer than Allahabad. With every man a hand against them I see not the slightest chance of a party making their way down." " Yon or I might do it easily enough, doctor, but for women it eeems to mo out of the ques tion ; still, that is a matter for each married man to decide for himself. The prospect is dark enough anyway, but as before it seems to me that everything really depends upon the Zemindars. If we hold the courthouse it is possible the Sepoys may be beaten olf in their first attack, and in their impatience to join the mutineers, who are all apparently marching for Delhi, they may go off without throwing away their lives by attacking us, for I don't think they would be able to take the place without cannon; but if the Zemindars join them with cannon we may defend ourselves till the last, but there can be but one end to it." The doctor nodded. "That is the situation exactly, Bathurst." " I am glad we know the danger and shall be able to face it openly," WilBon said. "Dor ■ Riol " " " the last month Riohards and I have been keeping watoh alternately and it has been beastly fnnkey work sitting there with one's pistols on the table before one,_ listening, and knowing every moment there might be a yell and these brown devils come pouring in. Now, at least, we are likely to have a fight for ic and to know that some of them will go down be/ore we do." Richards cordially agreed with his com panion. " Well, now, what are the orders, Bathurst?" said the doctor. "There are no orders as yet, doctor. The major Bays will you go round to the others, Doolan, Riatoul, and I'orster, and tell them ? I am to go round to Hunter and the other civilians. Then this evening we are to meet at 9 o'clock, as usual, at the major's. If the others decide that the only plan is forall to stop here and fight it out there will be no occasion for anything like a council; it will only have to be arranged at what time we all move into the fort and the best means for keeping the news from spreading to the Sepoys. Not that it will make much difference after they have once fairly turned in. If there is one thing a Hindoo hates more than another it is getting from under his blankets when he has once got himself warm at night Even if they heard at one or two o'clock in the morning that we were moving into the fort I don't think they would turn out until morning." "No, I am sure they would not," the doctor agreed. "If there were a few more of us," Richards said, "I should vote for our beginning it. If we were to fall suddenly upon them we might kill a lot and scare the rest off." " We are too few for that," the doctor said. "Besides, although Bathurst answers for the good faith of the sender of the warning there has as yet been no act of mutiny that would justify onr taking such a step as that. It would come to the same thing. We might kill a good many, bat in the long run three hun dred men would b9 more than a match for a dozen and then the women would be at their mercy. Well, we had better be moving or we shall not have time to go round to the bunga lows before the people set out for the major's." It was a painful mission that Bathurst had to perform, for he had to tell those he called upon that almost certain death was at hand, but the news was everywhere received calmly. The strain had of late been so great that the news that the crisis was at hand was almost wel come. He did not stay long anywhere, but after setting an alternative before them left husband aud wife to discuss whether to try to make down to Allahabad or to take refuge in the fort. Soon after nine o'clock all were at Major Hannay's. There were pale faces among them, but no stranger would have supposed that the whole party had just received news wilieh wa3 virtually a death warrant. The ladies talked together as usual, while the men moved in and out of the room, sometimes talk ing with the major, sometimes sitting down for a few minutes in the verandah outside, or talk ing there in low tones together. The major moved about among them and soon learned that all had resolved to stay and meet whatever came together, preferring that to the hardships and unknown dangers of flight. " I am glad you have all decided so," he said quietly. " In the Btate the country is the chances of getting to Allahabad are next to nothing. H6re we may hold out till Lawrence restores order at Lucknow, and then he may be able to send a party to bring U3 in, or the mutineers may draw off and march to Delhi. I certainly think the chance3_ are best here; besides, every rifle we have is of im portance, aud though if any of you had made up your minds to try and escape I should have made no objection, I am glad than we shall all stand together here." The arrangements were then briefly made for the removal to the court-house. All were to go back and apparently to retire to bed a3 usual. At twelve o'clock the men, armed, were to call up tbeir servants, load them up with such things as were most required and proceed with them, the women and children, at once to the court-house. Half the men were to re main there on guard while the others would continue with the servants to make journeys backwards and forwards to the bungalows, bringing in as much as could be carried, the guard to be changed every hour. In the morn ing the servants were all to have the choice given them of remaining with their masters or leaving. Captain Eorster was the only dissentient. He was in favor of the whole party mount ing. placing the woman and children in carriages, and making their way in a body, fighting their way if necessary down to Allahabad. He admitted that in addition to the hundred troopers of his own squadron they might be out off by the mutinous cavalry from Cawnpore, fall in with bodies of rebels or be attacked by villagers, but he maintained that there was at least some chance of cutting their way through, while once shut up in the court house escape would be well nigh impossible. "But you all along agreed to our holding the court-house, Eorster," the major said. '* Yes, but then I reckoned upon Cawnpore holding out with the assistance of Nana Sahid, and upon the country remaining quiet. Now the whole thing is changed. I am quite ready to fight in the open and to take my chance of being killed there, but I protest against being shut up like a rat in a hole." To the rest, however, the proposal appeared desperate. There would be no withstanding a single charge of the well-trained troopers, especially as it would be nc-cessary to guard the vehicles. Had it not been for that the smally body of men might possibly have cut their way through the cavalry, but even then they would be so hotly pursued that the most of them would assuredly be hunted down. But encumbered by the women such au enterprise seemed utterly hopeless, and the whole of the othei-3 were unanimously against it. The party broke up very early. The strain of maintaining their ordinary demeanor was too great to be long endured, and the ladies with children were anxious to return as soon as possible to them lest at the last moment the Sepoys should have made some change in their arrangements. By ten o'clock the whole party had left. The two subalterns had no preparations to make, they had already sent most of their things into the hospital, and lighting their pipes they sat down and talked quietly till midnignt, then placing their pistols in their belts and wrapping themselves in their cloaks they went into the doctor's tent, which was next to theirs. The doctor at once roused his servant, who was sleeping in a sheltered tent pitched by the side ■ of his. The man came in looking sur prised at being called. " Roshun," the doctor said, "you have been with me 10 years and I believe you to be faithful." "I would lay down my life for the sahib," the man said quietly. "You have heard nothing of any trouble with the Sepoys ?" "No, sahib, they know that Roshun iB faith ful to his master." " We have news that they are going to rise in the morning and kill all Europeans, so we are going to move at once into the hospital." "Good, sahib; what will you take with you.' " My books and papers have all gone in," the doctor Baid, "that portmanteau may as well go. I will carry these two rifles myself, the ammunition is all there except that bag in the corner, which I will sling round my shoulder." "What are in those two cases, doctor?" Wilson asked. "Brandy, lad." "We may a3 well carry one of those apiece, doctor, if your boy takes the portmanteau. It would be a pity to leave good liquor to be wasted by those brutes." "I agree with you, Wilson; besides, the lees liquor they get hold of the better for us. Now, if you are all ready we will start, but we must move quietly or the sentry at the quarter guard may hear us." Ten minutes later they reaehed tho hospital, being the last of the party to arrive there. "Now, major," tbe doctor said cheerily as soon as he entered, "as this place is supposed to be under my special charge I will take com mand for the present. Wilson and Richards will act as my lieutenants. We have nothing to do outside and can devote ourselves to get ting things a little straight here. .The first thing to do is to light lamps in all the lower rooms ; then we can see what we are doing and the ladies will be able to give us tbeir help while the men go out with the servauts-to bring things in, and remember the first thing to do is to bring in the horses. They may be useful to us. There is a good store of forage piled in the corner of the yard, but the syees had best bring in as much more as they can carry. Now, ladies, if you -will all bring your bundles inside the House we will set about arranging things, and at any rate get the children into bed as quickly as possible. As it had been already settled as to the rooms to be occupied the ladies and their ayahs set to work at once, glad to have some thing to employ them. One of the rooms which had been fitted up wich beds had been devoted to the purposes of a nursery and the children, most of whom were still asleep, were soon settled there. Two other rooms had been fitted up for the use of the ladies, while the men were to oocupy two others, the court room being turned in a general meeting and dining-room. At first there was not much to do, but as the servants, closely watched by the masters, went backwards and forwards bringing in goods of all kinds, there was plenty of employ ment in carrying them down to a large under ground room, where they were left to be sorted later on. The doctor had "appointed Isobel Hannay and the two Miss Hunters to tbe work of light ing a fire and getting boiling water ready aud a plentiful supply of coffee was presently made. Wilson and Riohards drawing the water, carrying the heavier loads downstairs, and making themselves generally useful. Captain Eorster had not come in. He had undertaken to remain in his tent in the lines, where he had quietly saddled and unpicketed his horse, tying it up to the tent ropes so that he could mount in an instant. He still be lieved that his own men would stand firm and declared he would at their head charge the mutinous infantry, while if they joined the mutineers he would ride into the fort. It was also arranged that he should bring in word Bhould the Sepoys obtain news of what was going on and rise before morning. All felt better and more oheerful after having taken soma coffee. "It is difficult to believe, Miss Hannay," Richards said, " that this is all real and not a sort of picnio or an early start on a hunting expedition," " III is, indeed, Mr. Richards. I can h*»~. v believe even now that it is all true and havb pinched myself two or three times to make sure that I am awake." " If the villains venture to attack us, \Vilson j said, " I feel Bure we shall beat them off hand somely." ,, '"I have no doubt we shall, Mr. Wilson, especially as it will be in daylight. You know you and Mr. Richards are not famous for night; shooting." The young men both laughed. . j I "We shall never hear the last of that tiger i story, Miss Hannay. I can tell you it is no joke shooting when you have been sitting I cramped up on a tree for about six hours. We are really both pretty good shots. Of course I I don't mean like the doctor, hut we always make good scores with the targets. Come, I Richards, here is another lot of things; if they j go on at this rate the Sepoys won't^find much to loot in the bungalows to-morrow." Just as daylight was breaking the servants were all called together and given the choice of I staying or leaving. Only Bome eight or ten, all, of whom belonged to the neighborhood, chose I to go off to their villages. The rest declared j they would stay with their masters. Two of the party by turns had been on watch ell night on the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult in the lines, but all had gone on quietly. Bathurst had been working with the others all night, and after seeing that all bis papers were carried to the court-house be had troubled but little about hi3 own belong ings, but had assisted the others in bringing in their goods. At daylight the major and his officers mounted and rode quietly down towards the parade ground. Bathurst and Mr. Hunter, with several of the servants, took their places at the gates in readiness to open and close them quickly, while the doctor and the other Europeans went up to the roof, where they loaded and placed in readiness six guns each 1 from the store in the court house. Isobel Hannay and the wives of the two captains were too anxious to remain below and went up I to the roof also. The doctor took hi3 place by them, examining the lines with a fieldglass. The officers halted when they reached the parade.ground and sat on their horses in a I group, waiting for the men to turn out as j usual. "There goes the assembly," the doctor eaid, as the notes of the bugle came to their ears. 1 "They even are turning out of their tents. There, I can make out Forster, he has just j mounted, a plucky fellow that." Instead of straggling out on to the parade ground as usual the Sepoy a Eeemed to hang about their tents. The cavalry mounted and formed up in their lines. Suddenly a gun was fired, and as if at the signal the whole of the I infantry rushed forward towards the officers, yelling and firing; and the latter at once turned I their horses and rode towards the court house. "Don't be alarmed, my dear," the doctor said to Isobel. "I don't suppose anyone is hit. The Sepoys are not shots at the best of | times, and firing running they would not be able to hit a havstac-k at a hundred yards. The cavalry stand firm you see," he said, turning his glass in that direction. "Forater is haranguing them. There, three of the native officers are riding up to him. Ah 1 One j has fired at him. Missed! Ah! That is a better shot," as the man fell from his horse, from a shot from his captain's pistol. The other two rushed at him. One he cut down and the other he shot. Then he could be seen again, shouting and waving his sword to the men, but their yells could be heard as they rode forward at him. "Ride, man, ride," the doctor shouted, al though his voice could not have been heard at a quarter of the distance. But instead of turning Forster rode right at them. There was a confused melee for a moment, and then his figure appeared beyond the fine, through which he had broken. With yells of fury the troopers reined in their horses and tried to turn them, but before they could do so the officer was upon them again. His revolver cracked in ki3 left hand and his sword flashed in his right. Two or three horses and men were seen to roll over, and in a moment he was through them again and riding at full speed for the court-house under a scattered fire from the infantry, while the horsemen, now in a confused mass, galloped behind him. "Now then," the doctor shouted, picking up : his rifle; "let them know we are within range, but mind you don't hit Forster. Fire two or three shots and then run down to the gate. He is well mounted and has a good fifty yards start of them." . Then taking deliberate aim he bred. I he others followed his example. Three of the troopers dropped from their horses. Three time those on the terrace fired and then ran down, each at the doctor's order taking two guns with him. One of these was placed in the hands of each of the officers who had just ridden in, and they then gathered round the gate. In two minutes Forster rode in at full I speed, then fifteen muskets flashed out and I several of the pursuers fell from their • horses. I A minute later the gate was closed and barred and the men all ran up to the roof from which I their musketa were fired simultaneously. " Well done," the doctor exclaimed. "That is a good beginning." A minute later a brisk fire was opened from the terrace upon the cavalry, who at once turned and rode rapidly back to their lines. Captain Forster had -not come scatheless I through the fray, his cheek had been laid open 1 by a sabre cut and a musket ball had gone through the fleshy part of his arm as he rode "This comes of fighting when there is no I occasion," the doctor growled when he dressed bis wounds. "Here you are charging a host like a paladin of 'old, forgetful that we want I every man who can lift an arm in defence of this place." "I think, doctor, there is someone else I wants your services more than I do." I "Yes ;!ps anyone else hit!" "No, I don't know that anyone else is hit, doctor, but as I turned to come into the house after the gates were shut there was that fellow Bathurst leaning against the wall as white as a sheet and shaking ail over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch courage would be I the best medicine there." " You do not do justice to Bathurst, Captain Forster," the doctor said gravely. " He is a I man I esteem most highly. In some respects I he is the bravest man I know, but he is consti tutionally unable to stand noise and the sound of a gun is torture to him. It is an unfor l tunate idiosyncraey for which he is in no way accountable." "Exceedingly unfortunate I should say," Forster said with a dry laugh. " Especially at limes like this. It is rather unlucky for him that fighting is generally accompanied by noise. If I had such an idiosyncraey, as you call it, I I would blow out my brains." " Perhap3 Bathurst would do so too, Captain Forster, if he had not more brains to blow out than some people have." "That is sharp, doctor," Forster laughed good-temperedlj'. " I.don't mmd a fair hit." "Well, I must go," the doctor said some what mollified, " there is plenty to do, and I I expect, after these fellows have held a council of war, they will be trying an attack." When the doctor went out he found the whole of the garrison busy. The major had placed J four men on the roof and had ordered everyone else to fill the bags that bad been prepared for the purpose with earth from the garden. It was only an order to the men and male servants, but the ladies had all gone out to render their assistance. As fast as the natives filled the bags with earth the ladies sewed up the mouths of the bags, and the men carried them away and piled them against the gate. The garison consisted of the six military officers, the doctor, seven civilians, ten ladies, eight children, thirty-eight male servants, and six females. The work, therefore, went on rapidly, and in the course of two hours so large a pile of bags was built up against the gate that there was no probability whatever of its being forced. "Now," the major said, "we want four dozen bags at least for the parapet of the terrace. We need not raise it all, but we must build up a breastwork two bags high at each of the angles." I There was only just time to accomplish this when one of the watch on the roof reported that the Sepoys were firing the bungalows. I As'soon as they saw that the Europeans had I gained the shelter of the court-house the Sepoys, with yells of triumph, had made for the houses of'the Europeans, and their disap pointment at finding that nob only had all the whites taken refuge in the court-house, buuthab they had removed most of their property, vented itself in setting fire to the buildings after stripping them of everything and then amused themselves by keeping up a strsggling fire against the court- house. As soon as' the bags were taken on to the roof the defenders, keeping under the shelter of the two parapets, carried them to the corners of the terrace and piled them two deep on the parapet, these forming a breastwork four feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen and two of them took post at each corner. _ _ "Now," the doctor said cheerfully, as he sat behind a small loophole that had been left ' between the bags, "it is our turn and I don't 'ancy we shall waste as much lead as yon have jeen doing," •The fire from the defenders was slow, but it was deadly, and in a very short time the sepoys no longer dared to show themselves in She open, but took refuge behind _trees, whence ihey endeavored to reply to the fire on the roof, oub even this proved so dangerous that it was aot long before the fire ceased altogether and they drew off under cover of the smoke from the burning bungalows. Isobel Hannay had met Bathurst as he was carrying a sack of earth to the roof. _ " I have been wanting to speak to you, Mr. Bathurst, ever since yesterday evening, bub you have never given me an opportunity. Will you step into the store-room for a few minutes as you come down ?" As he came down he went to the door of the room in which Isobel was standing awaiting him. " I am not coming in, Miss Hannay. L, believe I know what you are going to say. I saw it in your face last night when I had to ten ] that tiger story. You want to say that you , are sorry you said that you despised cowards. Do not say it; you were perfectly right; you j cannot despise me one-tenth as much as I de spise myself. While you were looking at the j mutineers from the roof I was leaning against the wall below well-nigh fainting. What do you think my feelings must be that here, where every man is brave, where there are women and children to be defended, I alone cannot bear my part. Look at my face, I know there is not a vestige of color in it j look at my hands, they are not steady yet. It i3 useless for you to speak; you may pity me, but you cannot but despise me. Believe me, that death when it comes will be to me a happy release indeed from the shame and misery I leel. Then, turning, he left the girl without another word and went about his work. doctor had, just before going up to take his place on the roof, come across him. n " Come in here, my dear Bathurst,' he sata, seizing his arm and dragging him into trie room which had been given up to him for his drugs and surgical appliancess "let ma give you a strong dose of ammonia and ginger; you want a pick-up I can see by your face." ^ " I want it, doctor, but I will not tarie it, Bathurst said. "That is one thing I have made up my mind to. I will take no spirits to create a courage that I do not possess." "It is not courage; it has nothing to do j with courage," the doctor said angrily. " It is a simple question of nerves, as 1 have told you over and over again." " Call it what you like, doctor, the result is precisely the Bame. I do not mind taking a strong dose of quinine if you will give it me, for I feel as weak as a child, but no spirits." With an impatient shrug of the shoulders the doctor mixed a strong dose of quinine and gave it to him. An hour later a sudden outburst of musketry took place. Not a native showed himself on the side of the house facing the maidun, but from the gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire was opened. " Every man to the roof," the major said, '1 four men to each of the rear corners, three to the others. Do you think you are fid to fire, Forster? Had you nod better keep quiet for to-day; you will have opportunities enough. "Iam all right, major," he said carelessly. " I can put my rifle through a loop-hole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. By Jove!" he broke off suddenly, "look at thai fellow Bathurst, he looks like a ghost." The roll of musketry was unabated and the defenders were already beginning to answer it, the bullets sung thickly overhead, and above the din could be heard the shouts of the natives. Bathurst's face was rigid and ghastly pale. The major hurried to him. " My dear Bathurst," he said, " I think you had better go below. You will find plenty of work to do there." .. " My work is here," Bathurst said, as if speaking to himself, "it must be done." The major could not at the moment pay further attention to him, for a roar of Sire broke out round the enclosure as from the ruined bungalows and every bush at the Sepoys who had crept up now commenced the attack m earnest, while the defenders lying behind the parapet replied slowly and steadily, aimingat the, puffs of smoke as they darted out. His attention was suddenly called by a shout from the doctor. "Are you mad. Bathurst! Lie down, man, you are throwing away your life." Turning round the major saw Bathurst standing upright by the parapet, facing the point where the enemy's fire wa3 hottest. He held a rifle ill his hand, but did not attempt to fire; his figure swayed slightly to and iro.^ _ "Lie down," the major shouted. Lie down, sir," and then as Bathurst still stood unmoved he was about to rush forward when the doctor from one side and Captain Burster from the other rushed towards Bathurst through a storm of bullets, seized him in their arms, and dragged him back to the centre of "Nobly (lone, gentlemen," the major said as they laid' Bathurst down, "it was almost miraculous your not being hit." Bathurst had struggled fiercely for a moment, and then his resistance had suddenly ceased and he had been dragged back like a wooden figure. His eyes were closed now. "Has he been hit, doctor?" the major asked. " It seems impossible he can have escaped. What madness possessed him to pub himself there as a target ?" ' "No, I don't think he is hit," the doctor said as he examined him. "I think he has fainted. We had better carry him down to my room. Shake bands, Forster, I know you and Bathurst were nod good friends and you risked your life to save him." "I did not think who it was," Forster said with a careless laugh. . " I saw a man behaving like a madman and naturally went to pull him down. However, I shall think better of him in future, though I doubt whether he was in his right senses." " He wanted to be killed," the doctor said qu>6tly, " and the effort that he made to place himself in the way of death must have been greater than either you or I can well under stand, Forster. I know the circumstances of his case. Morally I believe there is no braver man living than he is; physically he has the constitution of a timid woman; it is mmd against body." "The distinction is too fine for me, doe tor," Forster said, as he turned to go off to his post by the parapet. "I understand pluck and I understand cowardice, but tbis mysterious mixture you speak of is beyond me altogether." , _ , The major and Doctor Wade lilted Bathurst and carried him below. Mrs. Hunter, who had been appointed chief nurse, met them. " Is he badly wounded, doctor?" "No ; he is not wounded at ail, Mrs. Hunter. He stood up at the edge of the parapet and exposed himself so rashly to the Sepoys' fire that we had to drag him away, and then the reaction, acting on a nervous temperament was too much for him and he fainted. We shall soon bring him round. You can come in with me, but keep the others away." The major at once returned to the terrace. In spite of the restoratives the doctor poured through his lip3 and cold water, dashed in his face Bathurst was some time before he opened his eyes. Seeing Mrs. Hunter and the doctor beside him be made an effort to rise. " You must lie still, Bathurst," the doctor said, pressing his hand on his shoulder. "You have done a very foolish thing, a very wrong thing. You have tried to throw away your life." . " No, I did not. I had no thought of throw ing away my life," Bathurst said, after a pause. "I was trying to make myself stand fire. I did not think whether I should be hit or not. I am not afraid of bullets, doctor; it's the horrible, fiendish noise that I cannot stand." "I know, my boy," the doctor said kindly, " but it comes to the same thing. You did put yourself in the way of bullets when your doing so was of no possible advantage, and it is almost a miracle that you escaped unhurt. You must remain here quiet for the present. I shall leave you in charge of Mrs. Hunter. There is nothing for you to do on the roof at present. This attack is a mere outbreak of rage on the part of the Sepoys that we have all escaped them. They know well enough they can't take this house by merely firing away at the roof. When they attack in earnest it will be quite time for you to take part in the affair again. Now,. Mrs. Hunter, my orders are ab solute that he is not to be allowed to get up." On the doctor leaving the room he found several of the ladies outside, the news that Mr. Bathurst had been carried down had spread among them. " Is he badly hurt, doctor ? "No, ladies. Mr. Bathurst is, unfortunately for himself, an extremely nervous man, and the noise of firearms have an effect upon him that he cannot by any effort of his own over come. In order, as he says, to try and accus-1 torn himself to it he went and stood at the edge of the parapeb in full sight of the Sepoys and let them blaze away at him. He must have been killed if Forster and I had nob dragged him away by main force. Then came the natural reaction and he fainted. That is all there is about it. Poor fellow, be is ex tremely sensitive on the ground of personal courage. In other respects I have known him do things requiring an amount of pluck that nob one man in a hundred possess, and I wish you all to remember that his nervousness at the effecb of the noise of firearms is a purely constitutional weakness, for which he is no way to be blamed. He has. just risked his life in the mosb reckless manner in order to overcome what he considers, and what he knows that some persons consider, is cowardice, and it would be as cruel and, I may say as contemptible, to despise him for a constitutional failing as it would be to despise a person for being born a. humpback or a cripple. But I cannot stand talking any longer. I shall be more useful on the roof than I am here." Isobel Hannay was not among those who had gathered near the door of the room in which Bathurst was lying, bub the doctor had raised his voice and she heard what he said, and bent over her work of sowing strips of linen together for bandages with o paler face than had been caused by the outbreak of musketry. Gradually the firing ceased, the Sepoys had suffered heavily from the steady fire of the in visible defenders and gradually drew off, and in an hour from the commencement of the attack all was silent round the building. "So far so good," the major said cheerily as the garrison, leaving one man on watch, de scended from the roof.- " We have had no casualties and I think we musb have inflicted a good many, and the mutineers are not likely to try that game on again, for they must see that they are. wasting ammunition and are not likely to frighten us. Now I hope the ser vants have tiffen ready for us, for I am sure we have all excellent appetites." " Tiffen is quite ready, major," Mrs, Doolan, who had been appointed chief of the commis sariat department, said cheerfully. The ser vants were a little disorganised when the firing began, but they soon became accustomed to it, and I think you will find everything in order in the hall." The meal was really a cheerful one, the faob that the first attack had passed over without anyone being hit raised the spirits of the women, and all -were disposed to look at matters in a cheerful light. The two young subalterns were in high spirits and the party were more lively than they had been since the first outbreak of the mutiny. All had felt severely the strain of waiting and the reality of danger was a positive relief after the con tinuous suspense. It was much to them to know that the crisis had come at last, thah they were still all together and the foe were without. , . ., " It i3 difficult to believe," Mr. Doolan said, "that it was only yesterday evening we Were all gathered at the major's. It seems an age since then." "Yes, indeed," Mrs. Rintoul agreed; the night seemed endless. The worst time was the waiting till we were to begin to move over. After that I did not so much mind, though it seemed more like a_ week than night while the things were being brought in here." '• I think the worst time was while we were waiting watching from the roof to see whether the troops would come out on parade as usual,' Isobel said. " When once uncle and the others were all in and Captain Forster and_ the gates were shut it Beeuied that our anxieties were over." "That was a mad charge of yours, Forster, the major said. "It was like the Balaclava business, magnificent, but it wasn't war." "I did not think of it one way or the other,' Captain Forster laughed. "I was so furiou3 at the insolence of those dogs attacking m© that I thought of nothing else and just went ab them, but of course it was foulisb." " It did good," the doctor said. " Itsbowed the Sepoys how little we thought of them and how a single white officer was ready to match, himself against a squadron. It will render hem a good deal more careful in their attack a they otherwise would have been. Ib i flight them under cur fire, too, and they suffered pretty heavi'y, and I am sure the In fantry must have lost a good many men from our fire just now. I hope they will come tothe conclusion that the best thing they can do is to march away to Delhi and leave us severely alone. Now what are your orders, major, for after breakfast ?" " I think the best thing is for everyone to lie down for a few hours," the major said. "No 4 one had a wink of sleep last night, and most of us have nob slept much for some nights past. We must always keep two men on the roof to be relieve every two hours. I will draw up a regular rota for duty, but except those two the rest had better take good sleep. We may ba all called upon to be under arms at night." "I will go on the firsb relief, major," the doctor said. "I feel particularly wide-awake. It is nothing new to me to be up all night, Pub Bathurso down with me," he said in a low tone as the major rose from the table. " He knows that I understand him, and it will be less painful for him to be with me than with, anyone else. I willgoupat onceandsend young Harpur down to his breakfast. There will be no occasion to bave Bathurstup this time. The Sepoys are not likely to be trying aDy pranks at present. No doubt they have gone baok ta their lines to get a meal." The dooior had not been long at his posb when Isobel Hannay came upon tothe terrace. They had seen each other alone comparatively little of late, as the doctor had given up his habit of dropping jin for a chat in the morn ing since the conversation about Bathurst. "Well, my dear, what is id?" he asked. " ThiB is no place for you, for there are a few fellows still lurking among the trees, and they send a shot over the house occasionally." " I came up to say that I am sorry, doctor." "That is right, Isobel. Always say you are sorry when you are so, although in nine cases out of ten, and this is one of them, the saying so is too late to do much good." "I think you are rather hard upon me, doctor. I know you were speaking at me to-day when you were talking to the others, especially in what you said at the end." , "Perhaps I was, but I think you quite de served it." " Yes, I know I did, but it was hard to tell me it vras as contemptible to despise a man for a physical weakness he could not help as to despise one for being born hump-backed or a cripple, when yon know that nay brother was so." "I wanted you to feel that your conduct had been contemptible, Isobel, and I put it in t!ie way that was most likely to come laome to you. I have been disappointed in you. I thought you were more sensible than the run of young women, and I found out that you were not. I thought you had some confidence in my judgment, but it turned out that you had not. If Bathurst had been killed when he was standing up, a target for the Sepoys, I should have held you morally responsible for his death." "You would have shared the responsibility anyhow, doctor, for it was you who repeated my words to him." " We will not go over that ground again," said the doctor quietly. "I gave you my reasons for doing so, and those reasons are to my mind convincing. Now 1 will tell you how this constitutional nervousness on his part arose. He told me the story, but as at that time there had been no occasion for him to show whether he was brave or otherwise I considered my lips sealed. Now that this weakness has been exhibited I consider myself more than justified in explaining its origin." And he then repeated the story Bathurst had cold him. "You see," he said when he had finished, "it is a constitutional matter beyond his con trol, it is a sort of antipathy. I have known a case of a woman courageous in all other re3pectB who at the sight of even a dead cock roach would faint dead away ; one of the most gallant officers of my acquaintance would turn pale at the sight of a spider. Certainly no one would have thought of calling either one or the otner cowards, and certainly such a name should not be applied to a man who would face a tiger armed only with a whip in de ence of a native woman, because his nerves go all to pieces at the sound of firearms." " If you had told me all this before I should never have spoken as I did," Isobel pleaded. " I did nod go into the full details, but I told you that he was nob responsible for his want of firmness under fire and that I know him in other respects to be a brave man," the doctor said uncompromisingly. "Since then you have by your manner driven him away from you. Yon bave flirted, well, you may not call it flirting," be broke off in answer to a gesture of denial, " but it was the same thing, with a man who is undoubtedly a gallant soldier—a very paladin if you like—but who in spite of his handsome face and pleasant manner is no more to be compared with Bathurst in point of moral qualities or mental ability than light to dark, and this after I had like an old fool gone out of my way to warn you. You have dis appointed me altogether Isobel Hannay.". Isobel stood motionless before him with downcast eyes. " Well, there, my dear," the doctor went on hurriedly as he saw a tear glisten in her eye lashes, " don't let us say anything more about it. In the first place id is no affair of mine, and in the second place your point of view was that most women would take at a time like this, only, you know, I expected you would not have done just as other women would._ We cannot afford to quarrel now, for there is no doubt that although we may put a good face on the matter our position is one of grave peril and it is of no use troubling over trifles. Now run away and get a few hours' sleep if you can. You will want all your strength before you are through with this business." While the doctor had been talking to Isobel the men had gathered below in a sort of in formal council, the subject being BaShurat's conduct on the roof. "I would not have believsd it if I had not seen it,'' Captain Rintoul said. "The man was absolutely helpless with fright. I never saw such an exhibition; and then his fainting afterwards and having to be carried away was disgusting, intact it is worse than that." There was a general murmur of assent. " It is disgraceful," one of the civilians said, "I am ashamed that the man should belong to our service ; the idea of a fellow being helpless by fright when there are women and children - to be defended—it is downright revolting." "Weil, he did go and stick himself up in front," Wilson said, "you should remember that. He may bave been in a blue funk. I don't say he wasn't; still, you know, he didn't go away and try to hide himself, but he stuck himself up in front for them to fire at. I think we ought to take that into consideration." "Doctor Wade says Bathurst put him self there to try and accustom himself to fire," Captain Forster said; " mind, I don't pretend to like the man, we were at sohool together and hewasacoward then and a sneak, but forall that one. should look at it fairly. The doctor asserts that Bathurst iB morally brave, but that some how or other his nerves are too much for him. I don't pretend to understand it myself, but there is no doubt about the doctor's pluck and I don't think he would stand up for BathurBt as he does unless he really thought he was not altogether accountable for showing the white feather. I think, too, from what he , let drop, that the major is to some extent of' the same opinion. What do yon think, Doolan ?" "I like Bathurst," Captain Doolan said. " I have always thought him a first- rate fellow, but one caD't stick up, you know, for a fellow who can't behave as a gentleman ought to, especially when there are women and children in danger." _ "It is quite impossible that we should asso ciate with him," Captain Rintoul eaid. "I don't propose that we should tell him what we think of him, but I think we ought to leave him severely alone." " I should say that he ought to be sent to Coventry," Richards said. "I should not put it in that way," Mr. Hunter said gravely. " I have always esteemed Bathurst. I look upon it as a terribly sad case, but I agree with Captain Rintonl that in the position in which we are now placed a man who proves himself to be a coward must be made to feel that he stands apart from us. I should not call it sending him to Coventry oc anything of that sort, but I do think that wf should express by our manner that we don't Irish to have any communication with him." There was a general expression of assent to this opinion, Wilson alone protesting against it. "You can do as you like," he said, "but certainly I shall speak to Bathurst, and I am Bure the doctor aod Major HanDay will do so. I don't want to stand up for a coward, but I believe what the doctor saye. I have seen a good deal of Bathurst and I like him; besides, haven't you heard the story the doctor has been telling about his attacking a tiger with a stick to save a native woman? I don t care what any one says, a fellow who is a downright coward couldn't do a thing like that.*' " Who told the doctor about it ?" Farqiihar son asked. "If he got it from Bathurst I don't think is goes for much after what we have seen." Wilson would have replied angrily, bub Cap tain Doolan put his hand on his shoulder. "Shut up, Wilson," he said, "this is no time for disputes, we are all in one boat here and must row together like brothers. You go your own way about Bathurst, I don't blame you for it; he is a man everyone nas liked, a first- rate official and a good fellow all round, except he is not one of the sociable kind. At any other time one would not think so much of this, but at preseub for a man to lack courage is for hint to luck everything. I hope he will come better out of it than it looks at present. He will have plenty of chances here, and no one will be more glad than I shall to see him pull himself together." The doctor, however, would have quarrelled with everyone all round wheu he heard what had been decided upon had not Major Hannay taken him aside and talked to him strongly. "It will never do, doctor, to have quarrels here, and as commandant I must beg of you not to make this a personal matter. I am very sorry for this poor feilow. I accept entirely your view of the matter, but at the sacne time I really can't blame the others for looking at it from a matter-of-fact point of view. Want of courage js at all times regarded by men as the most unpardonable" of failings, and at a time like the present this feeling is naturally far stronger even than usual I hope with you that Bathurst will retrieve himself yet, but we shall certainly do him no good by trying to fight his battle until he does. You and I, thinking as we do, will of course make no alteration in our manner towards him. I am glad to hear that young Wilson also stands us his friend. Let matters go on quietly. I believe they will come right in the end." But among the ladies the resolution to cub Bathurst was not so quietly acquiesced in. Bathurst's kindness to the childieu had always predisposed the mothers in his favor, and during the last month of anxiety they had come more than before to look upon him as a friend. They were perfectly ready to accept the doctor's theory and the manner in which Bathurst had exposed himself to fire in their eyes"greatly eoDdoiied his wanb of nerve. Mrs. Doolan and Mrs. Bintoul were his chief champions and the husbands of those ladies had an unpleasant time of it wheu they told them what had been decided on. "I gave you credit for more sense, Jem," Mrs. Doolan said indignantly, "and if you think that I am going to agree with you men you are very much mistaken. You are ready to associate with a men like Jo ester, who is a notorious scamp, and you set yourself up against Bathurst, who is worth a thousand of him. I am ashamed of you." Isobel Hannay had turned pale when she heard the news, but had said nothing. ( To be continued.) 