JleHcjtaus ^etos. Y.M.C.A.—The devotional meeting held at the Y.M.C. A. every Saturday evening has been increasing in numbers very much lately. On Saturday about 300 attended. Visitors to the Christian Convention in Launcsston under the presidency of the Rev. George Grubb, gave brief reports of the meetings, which were of a very interesting character, the attendance at several meetings being about 3,000. Pastor R. K. Finlayson, and Messrs. G. H. Gargeeg, E. C. Saunders, T. Rhodes. J. Coleman, and J. J. Virgo spoke and testified to the value of such gatherings, having for their objeotthe deepening of spiritual life and seeking to lessen the breach between many of the professing Christians and their practice. GOOD TEMPLARS.—The annual Grand Lodge Sessions in connection with the Independent Order of Good Templars were inaugurated on Sunday afternoon, when a service was held in the Adelaide Town Hall. The members of the Order, together with membersof the various Tents of the South Australian and Albert Districts of the Independent Order of Rechabites, the Sons of Temperance, and members of the W.C.T.U. met at the Rechabite Hall and formed a procession, tho participants in which were all attired in regalia. The procession was headed by the City Volunteer Band, who discoursed appropriate music. At the Town Hall, where there was a good attendance. Mr. M. Wood Green presided, and after Mr. J. J. Green had read the lesson Brother the Rev. F. Hastings delivered an address. He took as a motto "Oh men of God there is death in the pot." He referred to the evils of drink, and the necessity of everything being done to stem the tide of drunkenness and its effects. During the afternoon Miss Stevens sang a solo, and a number of hyms were sung. To-day the representatives and members of the Grand Lodge will meet in the Rechabite Hall at 10 a.m., and a social will be provided'at G.30 p.m. HAHVEST THAKKSGIVIXG SERVICES. — Thanksgiving services for the harvest were held in the Port Congregational Church on Sunday. The building had been decorated for the occasion. The Rev. J. C. Kirby conducted both services, at which appropriate music was provided by the choir under Mr. A. W. Mortimer. BAITIZED IN THE TORRENS.—A rather unusual religiouB service was performed in the Torrens Stream near the end of St. Petersroad on Sunday afternoon. About 100 persons assembled to witness the ceremony, which was that of immersing seventeen people belonging to the Seventh Day Advent sect. A dear pool about three feet deep was selected at the back of Mr. Gilbert's house. The candidates, who varied in age from about nine years to about thirty years, walked from the house of Air. Gilbert, and on the bank of the river a short service was held, Elder Daniels, of America, officiating. At the conclusion of the prayer the company moved towards the river. Elder Daniels walked into the pool first, and then the candidates, who were all dressed in their ordinary costumes, were escorted to him. Standing in about three feet of water the Elder _ proclaimed as each convert came to his side—"In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost I baptise thee," and immediately he or she was completely immersed. Just before and after the baptism the choir sang the verse of an appropriate hymn. There were one man and one woman among the candidates, the balance of fifteen being composed of eight boys and seven girls. The ceremony lasted about an nour. CANON WHITIXGTON AXD MISSION WORK.— It having been reported that Canon Whitington, at present one of the mission chaplains of the Bishop of Brisbane, and formerly clergyman of this colony, had received a new appointment, a representative from this office waited on that gentleman and ascertained the following particulars:—At tho last General Synod of Australia and Tasmania, held in Sydney in September last year, an ordinance was passed for the reorganization of the foreign mission work of the Australian Church. The Bench of Bishops, with the Primate as President, form what is known as the Board of Missions, who have an Executive Council in Sydney and corresponding committees throughout Australia and Tasmania. The General Synod, at the request of the Bishops, decided to create a new office in the form of a General Secretaryship, the clergyman holding that position to be nominated by tho Bishops without application and appointed by and subject to the authority oi the Piimatc. His duties will be to organize missionary enterprise, which will involve his spending a large portion of his time iu travelling through the different dioceses, probably also visiting the missionary fields of the Church in Melanesia and New Guinea. He is also to direct his attention to stimulating interest in Church work among tlie aborigines of Australia and the Chinese and South Sea Islanders, who aro settled therein. The head-quarters of the General Secretary are to be in Sydney. At the beginning of the piesent year Canon Whitington received from the Primate notification that the majority of the Bishops desired his iiiipoiutment, and after an interview with the Primate the nomination has been confirmed, and Cauon Whitington will enter uixin his new duties at the beginning of the ensuing month. During his residence in Brisbane part of his duties has been in connection v.ith the Christianised Chinese and Kanakas of that city, and during the recent visit of Sir William MacGregor, the Administrator in New Guinea, to Brisbane Canon Whitington had the advantage of a lur.g interview, in which the Administrator spoke warmly of his interest in the iiiii-sinuary work now being carried on in Ne\\*.' Guinea by the London Missionary Society, We.-li-yan.-i, Roman Catholics, and more leci-iitly by the Church of England. The Administrator said he welcomed the missionaries as distinctly valuable agents in promoting the civilization of the islanders. Tho missionary labours in New Guinea have been wisely divided as to locality, by each branch cf the Christian Church having assigned a defined area of ojier.itioiis si as t«> minimise^ all danger of overlapping. 'Ilu- Chvnx-h of England Mission is, ot cijurae, at pi'i-SLiit much depressed by the recent death of tho missionary in chnrge, the Uev. Albert M:icL:uen, but energetic steps are noiv being talii li to place the mission once more on a wo!king basis. H'jt while the Now Guinea mission IT at present iilj oi bing a large ehaie of the missionary i-H'm-is of the Anglican Charch in Australia, it is hoped under the new organization, w'tli wiiiih Canon Whitington will now be .V - - ialed. that a greater interest will K- 1 imileil iu to Christianise and i-ivilizc Australian aborigines and tin; other raccs, sueli as the Kanakas aud the Chinese wli i have temporarily or permanently taken up their home in Australia. Largely increased funds will be needed it this is to lie done, aud it will l;i» an important part of the General Secretary's duty to establish local organizations for iilcreMsii g the iin:in>.'ial resources of tho Angliian Hoard ol ssious for Australia and Tasmania KIV-IAN JK-.VS Fr:;u. —.Mrs E. Garrett (Port Liucohi], I'l. 