Fisher's Ghost. There are few old colonists who. have not heard or real of "Fisher's Ghost" at Cambletown, near Sydney. "Ghost stories" having been revived by the pub- lication of an article in a London period- ical, Mr. James Norton, son of the old and well-known Sydney solicitor of the same name, supplies the following par- ticulars concerning "Fisher's Ghost," some of which, we believe, are made public for the first time:— In the early part of the present cent- ury, when the administration of the crimi- nal law was as barbarous as it is now absurdly lenient, a young country girl went up to London and obtained a situ- ation as housemaid to a jewish couple, who kept also a female cook. The house. maid, being a respectable, conscientious, and good-natured girl, was always ready to help her fellow-servant ; and shortly afterwards the cook, in recognition of her kindness, made her a present of a roll of rose-colored satin ribbon (worth a few shillings), with part of which she trimmed her bonnet. Coming downstairs the next day on her way to church she met her mistress, who had lost a roll of simi- lar ribbon, and now asked the girl where she had got her trimming. She was, of course, informed without the slightest hesitation, but the cook, who had herself stolen the ribbon, naturally denied hav- ing given it to the housemaid ; therefore, notwithstanding the protestations of the poor girl, who had no friends in London, she was immediately given in charge, committed for trial, and without loss of time, tried, found guilty, and sentenced to death. Some disinterested persons, who were satisfied of her innocence, and shocked at the monstrosity of the sentence, made great efforts to get justice done to her, and after she had lain six weeks in the condemned cell, in daily expectation of being hanged, her sentence was merci- fully commuted to transportation for life. After her arrival in this colony she marri- ed a man named Farley, who then or afterwards resided at Cambletown, not far from the residence of Frederick Fish- er, who lived on a farm with a friend named George Worrall, and was assisted by Worrall in the management of his affairs. It became known some time afterwards that Fisher contemplated a visit to England, but his neighbors were rather surprised at his sudden disappear- ence on the night of June 17, 1826, with- out saying good-bye to anyone, which Worrall accounted for by giving some reason for his desiring to go off quietly. Worrall, who professed to hold some authority from Fisher, continued to re- side in his house and proceeding to dis- pose of his property, without exciting much suspicion of foul play, until, after the lapse of several weeks, Farley, sup- posed to be drunk, was found one even- ing lying on the bridge over a branch of Bunbury Curran Creek. On his coming to his senses he informed his friends that, as he was crossing the bridge, he was astonished to see his friend Fisher sitting on the handrail of the bridge, and he, of course, greeted him in a friendly way not for a moment doubting that it was Fisher himself in propria per- sona. Instead of returning his greeting the supposed Fisher, by an easy gliding motion, left his position and proceeded down the creek, beckoning Farley to follow, but the now terrified man, con- vinced that the appearance was super- natural, fainted from fright. Great excitement was occasioned by Farley's story, which presently came to the ears of my father, who happened to be Farley's solicitor. Of course many people laughed at the story as ridiculous and said that Farley, instead of fainting, had dropped down dead drunk, and some even after- wards hinted that he had had a hand in the murder, though this was extremely unlikely, as he was a quiet, respectable man, and no circumstance was known which would throw reasonable suspicion on him. As week after week elapsed without any steps having been taken to bring the supposed murderer to justice, my father, who had become greatly in- terested in the matter and who a personal friend of the Attorney General (Mr. Saxe Bannister), insisted on some effort being made to unravel the mystery. A re- ward was offered and the constable at Campbelltown directed to search for Fisher's body, upon which he obtained the assistance of two native blacks and commenced work at the bridge, where some blood was found on the rail, though an attempt had been made to burn the stain out. The blacks followed in the tracks of the ghost, as pointed out by Farley, and presently came to a water hole, where they declared that some scum floating on the surface was white man's fat; they then led the search some distance further, and ultimately discovered the place where the body was buried about four months earlier. An inquest was held and a verdict of wilful murder returned against some person or persons unknown. Worrall was after- wards tried and convicted, on what seems to be most conclusive circum- stantial evidence, and executed, not withstanding the excitement created by the supposed insufficiency of the evidence adduced; but this excitement was al- layed next day by the publication of the fact that Worrall had confessed to having murdered Fisher, although he stated (evidently falsely) that he did it by accident. I learned most of the foregoing facts from my father, who often related them, and on my going to school at Campbell- town in 1841 (the ghost story being still current) I have often seen, and, in- deed, sat on the rail which the ghost had occupied, and traced down the creek and examined the place where the body was found. The story, as told by my old schoolfellow John Lang, is full of acci- dental and intentional variations, and he lays the scene at Penrith and brings in Mr. Cox, of Mulgoa, on the scene as a magistrate, which is probably due to some defect in his memory. My friend the Hon. W. H. Sutton seems to take little account of the romance of the story, also of some of the dream stories told in his charming little book, " Aus- tralian Stories Retold and Sketches of Country Life," are still more romantic and unaccountable. It is not difficult to account for the partial preservation of the body, for in the first place the murder took place in the depth of winter, and in the next place the waters of the creek where it was deposited were, when I knew the place, and probably still are, so saturated with alum and other anti- septic salts as to make them quite unfit for any purpose whatever. — Yours, &c.;, James Norton. — March 12. 