OUR LONDON LETTER. Faou Our Correspondent. LONDON. 12th August. Exactly at midnight yexterday the prolonged obsequies of tho Salisbury Government were brought to an end amidst & noisy and unedifying scene, Mr. Gladstone's " lame patriots " break ing into the division lobby yelling triumphantly j "Down with coercion" nnd "Remember ? Mitohellstown." Mr. Akers Douglas was back I first, showing that the Ministerialists, for whom ' he was telling, were in tbe minority. But tho whips on the other side seemed to tarry a pro digious time. Whilst they were being looked for the throng at the bar parted, and Mr. Gladstone, bright and cheery, ns though j he had not sat through an eight j hours' debate, walked with buoyant step | up tho House to his place. Instantly thoOpposi- j fcion sprang to their feet, loudly cheering and , waving their hat« This was renewed again and j again when Mr. Mnjoribanks arrived bringing the news from tho " Ayo" lobby, nnd the paper was handed to Mr. Arnold Morley in token that the Opposition wore in a majority. Three hundred and fifty, it was made kuown, voted for the amendment and 310 against it. Thus by a majority of just 40 in the largest House ever chronicled the Government were defeated. But I must now relate the events of the past week in their proper order, commencing with Friday night last. The monotonous operation of swearing in the members of the new Parlia ments was relieved on Friday last by the antics of the successful Labor candidate for South-west Ham, Mr. J, ICcir Hardie. This member drove to the Houso in a four-horse drag, accompanied hy & gang of noiBy supporters. Ho was got up exactly like the conventional English workman of Adelphi melodrama, woarfog a fiaunel shirt without o collar, checked tweed trousers, a blue serge coat, and a navvy's cap. The police naturally took the new member for a workman engaged about the House. This was precisely what Mr. Hardie desired, and when the constable guarding tho lobby told him stoutly he couldn't pass along, the new member's enjoyment overflowed. " Can't pass along, can't I?" he chuckled, "why, I rather think that's why the electors of South- west Bam sent me here, " and he shuffled on, leaving the police officer gaping with surprise. Finally Mr. Keir Hardie crowned his misdeeds by walking up the floor of the House with out removing his little cloth cap. The passage befog crowded with new members taking the oath, tbe Speaker did not see the perpetuation of this outrage till he approaohed close to the clerk's table. Mr. Peel tbon oried " Order, order," in shooked tones, and members by common consent turned their gaze upon the queerly dressed phenomenon. For a moment Mr. Keir Hardie affected not to understand the nature of his offence. Loud whispors, however, speedily enlightened him, and with a contemptuous " Pish " the represen tative of Labor slowly removed tbe obnoxioushead gear. When he arrived at the table Mr. Hardie objected to take the oath English fashion, pro posing to do it in the Scotch way— that is, with right band raised and without kissing the book. Mr. Milman, however, pointing out that the Speaker's assent would be necessary he gave way. Here came another little scene, for the lxugo hand of the member for South-west Ham en deavored to tako possession of a testament on whioh the disiingud looking Colonel Howard Vincent had already placed his band. There was some tugging, but though Mr. Hardie possessed great strength Colonel Vincent proved the more dexterous of the pair, and with a neat twist wrenohed away the disputed volume, he then proceeded to swear, possibly with added fervor. JohuBurnsI need scarcely say is too strong and level headed a man to commence his Parliamentary 'career with any tomfoolery suoh as tbo above. Save that he prefers a " bowler " to tbe more conventional tall hat, "Honest John " dresses like ordinary folk, and slipped in to take the oath without attracting special attention. Dadahhai Naoroji brought a Parseo testament to swear himself in on, but the clerk objecting thereto he cheerfully kissed our more orthodox volume. Mr. Duncan Barton, who at 4 o'clock on Mon day last roso to move the address in a densely crowded House, is an Irish Q.C., and woro what the Times grandly calls " the dress of the Queen's counsel of the Hibernian bar without the robes." This, in plainer language, consisted of a black cutaway coat and a white tie, BUoh as "dressy" barristers assume, with their robes. The effect was peculiar. Mr. Barton read a long, and on tho whole feeble, Bpoeob, in which he called upon Mr. Gladstone to formulate the measure which ho proposed to substitute for tbe peac ful and successful Irish policy of the present Government. Mr. W, K. Cross, in cour diess, seconded tho address and was far more entertaining. He is A son of Lord Cross, but not the least like that dry, precise and withered veteran. Almost at once this young man caught the ear of bis audience, and made them laugh by dismally referring to the fato which bad over taken previous movers and seconders of the address in recent years. Mr. Milvafo, Mr. Bermon Hodge, Lord Cranborne, Mr. Forrest Fulton and Sir John Colomb had all, tbe Houbb would note, lost their seats. He trusted tho coincidence might not be an omen for himself and his honorable friend. Mr. Cross then pro ceeded to dilate on the good work achieved by tho dying Government. Tho electors, he admitted, had voted for a ohange, but they had not shown any enthusiasm in tho matter. The Government was prepared to meet the verdict and accept it cheerfully, but they claimed a record that tbey could look back upon with pride. There wero occasions when the vanquished parties were more pleased than the victors, and if he wero asked to write an epitaph on the present Government bo would say that they had per formed what they had promised, and had not promised what they knew they could not per form. Mr. Asquith next rose, and made the speech of the evening— logical, incisive and epigrammatic. In moving the "no confidence " amendment, he said they were in the address asked to return thanks for a perfectly empty table, but tho real business for wbieh they were assembled was to tako part in the obsequies of a dead majority He declined to accept Mr. Barton's ingenuous invitation to disouss matters which had uo more to do with the question whether the Government had forfeited the confi dence of tbe country than the specula tions of astronomers with regard to tho composition of Mars. Anent the Liberal Unionists, Mr. Asquith spoke almost savagely. He referied to the reliance the Government could place upon "a perverted fidelity, which was rare even in the annals of political apos tacy," and prophesied the ultimate extinotion of a party whose numbers had dwindled from 94 to 47. The Tory party had, he said, for the past six years been engaged in abandoning great historical traditions, and had gone in for a system of fiddling and buokBiering in what they called progressive legislation in order to keep step with a small band of deserters from the Liberal camp— an ephemeral and accidental combination, which was born tho day before yesterday, and which would be forgotten the day after to-inorrow. After Mr. Goschen had good humoredly justi fied the action of tho Government in not resign ing directly thero was a minority against them, Mr. Justin M'Carthy for the anti- Parnelites, and Mr. Jno. Redmond for the Parnelite, called upon Mr. Gladstone to give definite guarantees with regard to the future. Mr. M'Carthy ex pressed his party's demands imploringly, whilst Mr. Redmond was coldly polite, but there seemed no essential differences in their respective plat forms. A free and full Home Rule Bill whioh would satisfy tbe Irish people, and pledges that it should occupy the foreground of the Liberal programme and not be dropped if thrown out by the .House of .Lords, were Mr. M'Carthy's chief requirements, the repeal of the Coercion Act being taken, oe he re marked, for granted. Mr. Redmond also exacted the release of the "political prisoners," otherwise "dynamitards," and the immediate reinstatement of the evicted tenants. The latter act of reparation ought, the honorable member urged, to be carried out at once during tho pro- sent session so as to save hundreds of poor families from the miseries of another winter like .last. On Tuesday the tamenesB of the debate was partially relieved by speeches from Mr. Glad stone and Mr. Balfour. The former was in excellent form, and his assault on the Minis terial position was delivered with a fire and vigor astonishing in a man of his age, and with, as the Times remarks, "that vast command of a kind of language grave and majestic, but of vague and uncertain import," whioh Macaulay noted as tho most striking feature in his style more than half a contury ngo. He began by reproaching the Government with hanging on to office contrary to the "manly pre cedent" sot by Mr. Disraeli in 1863, and followed ot succeeding general elections up to 1886. Tho debate was ostensibly arranged with tho object of supplying opportunity for defending tho con duct of tho Government whilst in office, but tho Chancellor of tho Exchequer entirely skipped over tho grounds of tlio vote of no confidence, and devoted tho greater portion of hisspeeohto o denunciation of tho coming Government "a nebulous hypothesis," whoso ! certainty to go wrong was soloty alleged by him as the reason for keeping the present Govern-' ment in office. After denying that Mr. Balfour had been successful in governing Ireland, and stating that tbo country had been in a state of peace since 1884, Mr. Gladstone endeavored to skilfully placate bis Hibernian allies. Supplemented by the irresistible charm of tbo old Parliamentary hand's generous manner and Bumptuous language bis promises and concessions sounded splendidly "fine and large. " Analysed, however, they coino to very little. Mr. Gladstone skilfully declined to discuss that "nebulous hypothesis," tho policy of a non-existent Government, but assured Mr. M'Carthy the rest of his public life was bound up with Home Rule. The measure should be pushed forward promptly, and not abandoned in case of any mishap. If the Lords rejected it, let the Lords look to — themselves. Tho Coercion Aot ought not to remain on tho statute book a moment longer than was necessitated by Parliamentary pro cedure. As to the amnesty to political pri soners, it would bo impossible for nnyone, save the Minister who had the facts of tho cases im mediately before him, to come to any decision. It would bo tho duty of tho Scoretary of State in ordinary course to review long sentences, and he did not doubt that duty would be fulfilled. As to the evicted tenante he hoped somo ariangement would bo made during the coming autumn, which would preclude the necessity for special legislation on the subject. And so on— any amount of vague indefinite talk of probabilities and possibilities but no clear pledges. Mr. Balfour followed with a lucid statement of the enormous difficulties of reconciling tho Irish demands with English notions of supremacy. He drew a vivid picture of tho future of the incoming Government. Ministers wero the beaten party, but they looked forward with hope and confidence, knowing the future, was with them. "For you, tho victorious party," Mr. Balfour said, stretching out his hand towards the massive and smiling form of Sir "Win. Harcourt, "the future holds nothing but perplexity and dismay." Last night as on the historic occasion when Mr. Gladstone introduced his Home Rule Bill chairs blocked tho floor of the House to accom modate the unparalleled crush of members, aud the spacious galleries overflowed with princes, peers and diplomatists. Precisely at 5 minutes past 4, Mr. Chamberlain, in a cool white waistcoat, and wearing the inevitable orchid, which signifies that ho is in prime fighting condition, rose to continue the debate. His speech was not one of tho best ho has delivered in the House, but sufficiently effective. He made a palpable bit by pointing out that though Mr. Gladstone declined to answer the Liberal Unionists' ques tions on constitutional grounds, be had nevertheless replied in writing to five questions put by Mr. Justin M'Carthy. This hosupposod was part payment for tho votes which were to put the Gladstonians into power that evening. Mr. Chamberlain went on to ask what was the foreign policy of „ the Government which would havo uncontrolled power over the destinies of the Empire for the . next six months. The ' front Opposition bench daren't answer because, as overybody knew, they differed amongst themselves. How, he asked (with palpable double meaning which was richly relished) did Mr. Gladstone propose to roconcile the interests of the Cabinet with the interest of truth Truth)? Finally the hon. member donied tbe possibility of Mr. Gladstone's introducing a bill which would satisfy either Mr. Redmond on Mr. M'Carthy, and predicted that within a few hours of the introduction of the measure the Tories would be in a majority again. From the timo Mr. Chamberlain sat down tho debate flagged wearily, and till midnight the perspiring public iu the galleries lis tened indifferently and tho Liberals in tho Houeo impatiently to a number of minor Conservatives, to Sir Henry James nnd finally to Mr. Chaplin. Many attempts wero made to "draw" Sir William Harcourt and Mr. Morley but the Liberal "conspiracy of silence'! was stoutly maintained, and at the last tho Tories grew as anxious as their opponents to get the division over. Mr. Chaplin spoke amidst constant interruptions, a piping treble voice from tbe Irish benohes keeping up a perpetual croak of "Divide, divide." But tho member for Mid- Lincoln continued his flow of " chaplitudes" undismayed. Even when Dr. Tanner, amidst roars of laughter, was observed walking up tho floor of the House with a glass of water which he placed ostentatiously by the orator's side, the hon. member scarcely paused. Twelve o'clock, however, at last arrived, with the first Btroke Mr. Chaplin sank to his seat, and a schoolboy shout from the Minis terialists and wild "hurroo"from the Irish benches proclaimed the division hour. Ten minutes later tbe Salisbury Government bad fallen, and Mr. Balfour, in matter of fact tones, was quietly moving the adjournment of the House to Thursday next. After an interval of nearly 10 years, the sculptor's "ghost," which played such a pro minent part in tho cause c illbrc of Belt versus Lawes, has commenced to walk again. The individual accused of unduly profiting by "ghostly" assistance on tho present occasion is understood to be Mr. Adrian Jones, whose magnificent group of Duncan's horses (Macbeth, act 2, Bcene 4) formed the centre piece of the sculpture room at the recent exhi bition of. the Royal Academy of Arts. It re presented those horses almost life size, fighting and gnawiug each other, and was universally admired . and pronounced a very fine piece of work. The first inharmonious note came from Mr. Spielman, the editor of tbe Magazine of Art , who is our leading metro politan art critic, and popularly supposed to be incapable of petty jealousy or malicious gossip. Without mentioning names, he remarked in his July issue that tbe sculptor's ghost was walking again, as any experts who examined a certain group in the Royal Academy would at onco agree. Mr. Jones happened to be abroad when this and more definite rumora became current, but on bearing of tbem he at once returned and tried to trace their source. Tho editor of the Magazine of Art, Mr. Jonos discovered, was not the originator of the ghost, theory as regarded himself, and whether he believed it or not, had no notion of risking £5000 damages. He admitted, however, that his information carao from a highly influential source. Mr. Jones thereupon invited president and council of the Royal Academy to formulate a definite charge, pledging himself promptly to bring an action for libel. No reply bas been received, or in all probability will be received, to this challenge. Sir Frederick Leighton, interviewed on tbo subject, intimated that it was in the highest degree unlikely the Royal Academy would intervene. If a group of sculpture were good they would admit it, even though throe hands might seem to have been at work thereon. Sir Frederick added the assertion he made at tbo Belt trial, viz., that an expert could easily detect when a sculptor had received illegitimate assistance. Mr. Jones is in a most unfortunate position, as with the re sult of the Belt case withiu recollection even those who , firmly believe him to be in tho wrong dare not say so. Mr. Lawes, you doubtless remember, accused Mr. Belt of receiving valuable aid from an assistant, in alleging indeed that the best part the work in all Mr. Belt's sculptures was his "ghost's." Mr. Belt retorted with an action for libel, in the course of which ho executed a bust of the judge (Sir Jno. Huddleston) in court. This was considered a capital likeness by the jury, who, after the judge had summed up strongly In the plaintiff's favor, awarded Riohord Belt £5000 damages. Mr. Lawes nevertheless stuck to his guns, averring that he had never said Mr. Belt could not execute an indifferent bust. What he did say was that the artistic touches whioh gave such value as thoy possessed to Belt's sculptures wero his assistant's work. Twelve months later Mr. Richard Belt was shown to bo a person with a hazy Apprcoiation of tho difference between meum and tuurtu He retired into durance vile for a protracted period, and has not since been heard of 