. Ghost Stories! : Aggressive arid Tangible Gliosis. An Ayrshire Ghost. , .. Ghosts tak'o many and various' forms, and thcrd are a few pretty ! terrifying ones in '< Mr. Stead's collection.' There are diabolical . floating : faces and lnuti-: lalod trunks. -Throe is a ghost which intiictea. its . company on au . .unuappy. living friepd fpr a walk of some, dura tion, which it enlivened \yith.along:and detailed account of its violent death, and with the spectacle of its btidy '"-burning from .within, but wards uncon'suine'd.'' There are aggfessivo ghosts whicliilpull off cno's bedclothos, or grapplo with 'one in a confusiou of materia or immaterial. There is;'oven a' ghost which attacked a railway porter at night accompanied by a ghostly dog,' which actually! bit tlio' porter iu tho. calf of his leg. And tlioro is one which strides us as tho- only iu-1 stance wo have .yet come qcrpss pf a "Warm, soft and plump" ghost— but the poor . thing ouly consisted of a hand' and arni. -But wo will conclude. with ;a very creepy , tale which sl|6\ys that ;a mutilated ghost ! does not always ''corres pond with a mutilated .corpsb 'rTho ap-- parition may fit itself but, itseoms, with the very parts which arc missing in the. mortal remains, to say -..nothing- of. making its' 'presence known by an enor- gotic sm.acjf . oil the hack About -"the middle of the first dppptio of this century! tlioro lived in, the little seapopt fpwn of Girvan, in South'- Ayrshire; :a young man and his sister; they were warmly at tached fo each other.- My grandmother, froin.wliom J heard their story, was in- itinjatoly acquainted witH the ypupg woman. , .The brother .followed the pre- carious'and dangerous avocation of tho fisher, and our story- begins with the. loss of '.his life by! 'tho swamping of liis boat in a storm.. For a wook or.two.his Bister was inconsolablo ; her mind dwelt in imagination op tfip loved form of. lior brother tossed among tho weeds and obzo on the bed of tho ocean, tho food for fishes, and the dwelling, place for creeping things, £Atthis stage the body was discovered in a rocky part, of the coast owing to a singularly viv tl dreqiq dreamt by a casual visitor to tj.p town; an instance romarkablo in itself, but not to our present purpose. Tho corpse;; which was much decomposed, had lost the right hand. ' The' mutilation made a doop and painful impression on the' sister's mind. Ever and / nuon bIic would !burst; out1 into a fit of! weeping, wringing her own hands, and! bewailing thb" loss of :'her'brbtlibr's'"hand. This continued for about a week, until ..one night, preparatory to going to bed, she hnd uridrossed ; but before slie bnd got into bod, overcome by the force of her emotions, she throw lior face on.. the pillow and burst, , out. "wooping, and bo- moaning tho lost hand ; but scarcoly bad slio done so, when' with a cry of fear, she sprnng from the bed. Her crios soon brought tho othor inmates of the liouso to her room, .and, when ques tioned she informed them that when slio had thrown hersolf on the bed, alio felt someone give her a slap on the back, as if' with the 'open' hand ; and that tho place_ where she , was struck was still pricking from tho offects of tho blow, and pub- her hand bvor her shoulder ;to point out. the place .where bIio was struck. They exftihiriod the place, and over tho shouldor blfulo, in vivid bluo, was tlio impression of a. man's right hand. 