SNAP SHOTS. Br " The Mas in the Caown." Oct.? a month more. " The See-Saw Saint®. 11 _ Keabnev grafted like a nigger. Geeia)no ejected and dejected. Captain Houston kicked two tidy goals. Decoit was a disappointment on Satur day. The St. Kilda-Geelong match was very poor. . Conway in the centre performed clipping feats. Cbiusty had had lack to bit the post 11\. Rodebtsqk was in rare form for the Saints. The kicking for goal at St. Kilda &was; terrible. Hutchison' played a fine game for tbe winners. Staswobth in North's team is not half a bad player. Geelosg are "dead birds" for the goal- missing trophy. Leahy and James were conspicuous half back for Geelong. The Geelong contingent were disgusted &t; the hollow defeat. Dodo eh O'Consob as usual played a great g&me; on Saturday. Keeeiz and Cox showed good form for North on Saturday. Th vRgood bad one or two shots for goal which did cot oome off. R yah was in rattling form, »nd 4fihowed- it too at times at Et. Kitrta. Whit eetts the maUet vtffh footbMlahd its ompfopozi Saturday ? , ? V v J EirepftHnuiQ of JBssendon ava twogoals in, arid pocketed tiidr winnings. goals xrewficked on Saturday Czzadittck irea here, there, and everywhere, ;but always where wonted most. Sr. KiLDA played by far the bast football, though that is not saying much. M'Owan'b readiness and. accuracy saved the Carlton goal more ihon once. Stbickland showed that'his old reputa tion for pace is not yet tarnished. Gsedoko missed three. easy chances of scoring in the first fifteen minutes. How ro&nj; times did Peter Buns slip when starting to bolt on Saturday ? Abbabahs did one or two flighty spins, and to be sure, Shaw shone occasionally. Mooosbouse played in fine form. He is none the worse for his enforced holiday. Changes at Port Melbourne. 0 Meaca resigns the captaincy. Morton appointed. A capital defence was raised against the action of Geelong by Blanc and Williamson. Vorao, of Essendon, BDd'Yonng, of South, did not allow the grass to grow under their feet. South bod ill fortune soofi after the com- mcvscement of play by Brown hitting the post.- \y. vton handled the winning team well, and al6.« put in » tidy quantity ot good work himself. . ,, . TBcnoo.m. Hall, and Watson were in their best form .playing forward, and made no Locke," Sinclair, and Powell deserved all the applause thoj fr their brilliant play on Saturday. T __ , . . It was a ireal to jniness Lafian s marKing on Saturday. That mark of Parker s was also a beauty. _ , . .. St. Kilda waltzed twer Geelong in the last quarter. The Pivot men seemed to have gone to pieces. , , , „ . - "R. Robehtson" was thd label attached to two of St. Hilda's goals, ad J- Booert- son" to a third. _ . Fon Melbourne, Christy, tbe Grahams, Fox, Kelly. Sheahan, aud WilsoiMvero the men who did best. y c, Steanqe — Collingwood beat St. Kilda bl Kilda boat Geelong— Port Melbourne da»oea upon Collingwood. ... , .» Catling, Lording, and Temby being laid up for repairs considerably weakened North a team on Saturday. . , When Melbourne led off with three goals, it looked long odds on the reds, but tbey couldn't keep it up. Hopkins does not pleasel'everybody as an umpire. He does not seem up to the tricks of the oM stBgcr players. M'Kay, as usnal, handled the ball in granu style on Saturday. Without doubt, be can hold his own in any team. A daiit for goal bv Geelong was blocked at a critical moment by Hopkins disallowing a perfectly fair mark by Beid. Fbaseb. tbe champion goal -kicker of the Ports' team, was in great form on Saturday, when be booted seven goals. M'Donaj.u's lace when Hopkins " ruled against him on a legitimate mark was a study. So was the " ruliDg." # Esaenmn were very strong the centTe. Tlireo such men as Stuckey, Crebbin, and Anpirin would be hard to beaL Richmond playing a rattling alLround game on Saturday. Their marking and goal-kicking were remarkably good. _ Gee-Long James was slung several times siuiplv because he looked as if be were going to mark. No free kicks were given. Collingwood feel as if they'd like to tackle Geelong again, in spite of the Pivots' 13 to 3 last month. Bnt they only meet once. The winning teams on Saturday kicked a total of 48 goals and 54 behinds, whilst the loser's score showed 20 goals 45 behinds. Conway plaved the game of the forty at St. Kilda. That isn't saying much, but he did play a game miles ahead of the Others. Some verv original decisions by Hopkins at St. Kilda led to his being roundly booted more than once by sopporters of both sides. About a record. In the first quarter Gee- i l.i tkl.i.nn dinte inr onftl. all of tllGOl quite possible, and 6»x went out of bounds. The bould soldier boys — Nottall aod Collins— handled the oval like & cannon ball al St. Kilda. Thev both ployed fine foot- ball. . , Sixteenth Lap. — Essendon, going strongly, 1; Carlton, 2; Fitzroy, 3; Geelong, dropped tack, and apparently done for as regards a place, 4. # IticBMOsr- 9 goals 11 bebinds. Very near double figures both ends. North go four goals, all credited to Greenwood, who kicked splendidly. , , , Ryan Kicked Geelong's fifth goal a few minutes before lime. The rally was made so late, however, that even a draw web impossible. bt. Kjlua v. Melbourne next Saturday. Suppose its any odds on Melbourne. Saints won last neck, you know. "Makes you careful, doesn't it ?" The Stewarts clapped on all their tartan for Richmond on Saturday. Notwithstand ing they were a hit ou the big side tbey proved hard to beat. Melbociwf, though beaten on Saturday, were not displaced from fifth position. Had they won ihey would have been fourth, owing to Geelong's defeat. Tkajt detected an unusual number of violators of the ,l shoving from behind" pro hibition, nnd free kicks were consequently dealt out unsparingly. Tce Ports bad an afternoon out at Victoria Park on Saturday, when they put the Magpies through by nine goals nine behinds, to one fic-al eight behinds. The Pivot boys offended grievously against the rule«. It was a case of Saints v. Sinners, in fact. Not that the former could loiihi of any Irilliant play. MiiU'.m iiNE ere real in-and- onters. After vanquishing Fii/roy, they could only scoop up fo.sr goa U againi: Carlton, three of which were p1'! early in the match. Is- the few Geelong flashes the biggest soarks were— Conway, Leahy, Armstrong, VpLoan, James, Timms, Wihon, Beid, Ryan, Fovd, Burns, Houston, Green. Camtcell, Christian, and Sykes pluyed a r&tilimt; gnme at haH-foiward. The latter has euil oil the old fire and go in him, and his play on Saturday was &operb.; The accommodation on the South Mel bourne ground was taxed to the utmost on Saturday', when the Essendon and Soath met for the sccoud lime this season. Fjtzboy anu Essundos reached their hundredth goal last Saturday, but tbe former did a Lit more than the premiers, and have 105 to a 101 by the ruby hoops. Ecclebtoxe was not included in Rich mond's team on Saturday. Sparrow and Crowley refused to play in consequence. Boyish. They won all the same. Galling. A new winter game was introduced at St. Kilda on Saturday. It certainly wasn't football— or else, the rules were con. siderably altered "by consent" before the match. " Ha, ha!" s&ys; a barrackcr of Port Mel bourne, " your -mighty Thurgood «"s not the only man who can Jtick half a dozen goals in one afternoon. Look at Fraser with seven." Tqcrgood'b two goals were both lucky ones, and very much alike. On each occa sion be caught the oval on the hop just in front of the South's goal and toed it through. Elded proved as slippery as an eel on Saturday. The way he slipped the fleck holds impressed one with the idea that be has been taking lessons in Gr&co-Roman; wrestling. At the finish will Thnrgood have kicked half of Essendon's total goals ? At present he is responsible for 41 out of 101. Any how, he ought to pass CO in the remaining five Saturdays. Some South men thought the team had a very fair chance of beating Essen<3on. W'% they thought so doesn't matter. None of the Essendon men thought South hod tbe ghost of a show. In a miserable exposition of football tbe men who played least abominably for St. Kilda were— Lockett, Forman, Abrahams, Blanc, Collins, J. and R. Robertson, "Wil liamson, Taylor. . . Colltxgwood were unable to sustain their newly made reparation for taking "high class'' teams down, as on Saturday tbey went under most gracefully before the Forte to tbe tone of nine to one; g Thcegood maintains his lead in the Goal Stakes, despite spasmodic sports by other contestants. The order now is— Thurgood, Al ; Grace, 31 ; Graham, 30 ; Fraser, 29 ; M'Donald, 24 ; Leydin, 19. Dice and Elms were the admired of ou admirers. Tbe Eeeendoti skipper was like a cannon ball for smartness, and the cap tain of the South was like a stonewall to the cannons fired by the other side. Hopkins must have forgotten to bring his free kicks with him, . Most glaring breaches ol the rules were committed, apparently under hit eyes, but he Ignored them with monotonous consistency. Umpiring? : The anenipioBS booting at fit MUsre jmmbM » nonypntion pf -owls orelban %nytfaing else— only you booidntul zhe ipeople owls tor expressing an emphatio opinion. They hod every 'pro vocation. It is in their followers that -Essendon' excel. Forbes was the most brilliant player of tbe quartette, bnt he was ably seoonded by till, M'LeDnau, and Kearney. Vnatin made flushing runs, and his play was splenaid. M'Kechnie never spared himself, and was always to be seen where the fight was thickest. That cannon with Fox seemed to have settled the Carlton moo, bnt though dazed he stuck to hie work with surprising gameness. The Melbourne Cricket Ground was fast enough for cricket, and seemed almost too fast for football. The ball beat the players frequently, and a tendency to go for the men to en unnecessary extent produced much grassing and confusion. The win of Essendon against South, and many disadvantages, was not at all pleasing in some quarters. A stone, which struck Kearuey just below the eye, laying hiB cbeek open, as he was leaving tbe field, was one way in which that displeasure was ex pressed. Geelong were two goals five behinds to nothing at quarter-time. In the second quarter tbey didn't score a solitary point, and Saints put on three goals three behinds. Once in the third quarter they ran lejrel with " four all," but Saints came away in tiie last bout. Kerb and Doran played wdl book. At half-back Ch&rrct;, Elms, and Young were of great service to the South. Middleton and Brown made the sparks fiy, and no mistake. Barrett and Burns showed up well forward. Gibson and O'Bcgan followed in fine style, and W. Windley made a splendid rover. Fbaseb was the most successful goal- kicker on Saturday. Tbe crack shooter of the Ports kicked three goals in tiie first , quarto against Collingwood, two in the second, one in the third quarter, and one in tbe last. Hi6 fourth goal was kicked from a most acute angle, and was a real beauty. If Carlton win the rest of their matches, and Essendon let Fitzroy in again, tbe Premiers and Carlton will run very nearly a dead beat. Then, Essendon have also to tackle au uncertain Geelong on their own ground. Wherefore, there'll be a tidy orowd at the Carlton v. Fitzroy match next Satur. day- 