MED WIDUVir ; OR THE 10VS THAT UYEII. PART II. CHAPTER VIT. She arose as she spoke, threw off her brilliant ballrobe, and drew on a wrapper of ivory-white silk, with creamy point at the throat and wrists, and a knot of pale violets in the folds at her waist. Mignonnette made no dissent. Reach ing for her crutch, she fitted it to her shoulder, and hobbled to the door. " Good night, Madolin, darling," she murmured, softly, turning and looking back at the beautiful figure standing . there in the mellow lamplight. " I am going to pray for your happiness ; I am going to ask Heaven for the power to aid you, dear !" Madolin had not spoken. She stood in the centre of the room, with her flower like face drooping, and Mignonnette quiety crossed the threshold and closed the door behind her. Madolin breathed out a long sigh when she stood alone and lifted her eyes to the silvered dial of the clock. " Three ," she said in a low voice. "Seven hours to wait — seven hours to watch— before I learn what the morrow holds 1" Sha put out the light and moved to the window, thrusting the curtains aside, and letting the pale rays of the waning moon float in about her. She knelt in the mullioned window, with her head against the carved post, and looked down on the restless silver of the sea waiting for daylight, waiting lor the morrow that was to dawn so darkly. And, kneeling thus, she heard the door open, and looked up quietly, to find Mignonnette again in the room. Even in the pale splendour of the moon light she could see that the face of the cripple was very ghastly, and that she shivered as she entered, She made a movement to rise, but Mignonnette was beside her too quickly for the effort to be completed. " Don't stir, don't get up, dear," she said, tenderly. ' I have only come back for a good night kiss. I — I suppose I am very foolish, but when I left you just now I felt that a cloud come between us and I saw you drifting away from me. I couldn't leave you ; I had to come back. Kiss me, and say good night now, " Good night, Mignonnette, my sister !" Madolin uttered softly ; and in the light of the summer moon they kissed and parted, Madolin sinking back on the broad ledge of the window, Mignonnette hobbling up the darkened corridor to the loneliness and the gloom of the tower chamber, neither of them thinking, neither of them dreaming, what the mor row held. And so the night wore on. Silver was on the ocean, shadow was on the land, and under the domes of Glandore Court a tragedy was being enacted, while the world slept calmly on. CHAPTER VIII. WITH HIS FACE TO THE FOE. The light of the lamp glittered on the battle-axes and the armour of the dead and gone warriors ot Glandore ; the motto of Raouel Eric Trevelyan shone down en his horror with a calm splendour that was double mockery then, but Ashton Thorndale never moved, never spoke — only crouched there as still and rigid as though he had been turned to marble, only huddled back with hands extendeJ and eyeballs glaring, and looked in livid Wonder into my Lord Glandore's pale pinched, saddened face. Alive ! The earl of Glandore was alive ! and his hopes were scattered, his coronet was wrested from him, and he was plain Mr. Ashton Thorndale— the outcast, pauper, gambler, beggar, as of old / He seemed to hear it whispered in the wind ; he seemed to hear the laughter and the gibes of the multitude reeking the air, the sneers of the old associates he had scorned, the curses of the poor he had trampled on; but he did not movCdid not even breathe ; for the inward horror, of his heart l'ii'-I vrh t lie motto ofhis race shining out of the gloom above it. the Earl of Glandore looked down on his kinsman's face. ... I am not a ghost, Ashton," he said with a bitter laugh, ' although Heaven only knows how 1 happen' to be a living man. Don't shrink from me — 1 am flesh and blood. There is mv hand, ta c it." He put out his wasted palm as he sporcc, and Ashton Thorndale extended his own trembling hand (with the caution one might touch a serpent remour says is harmless) until his fingers touched the living flesh of his kinsman. He rcse up with a hollow gurgling cry, wnen the earl gripped his hand and wrung it in all sincerity and trust. It was no phantom, then, no mistake — Basil Edward Trevelyan stood before him in the flesh. He dragged his moist palm from his cousin's grasp as though it was some horrible, loathsome thing, and staggered backward until he leaned against the violet velvet of the walls. "A the I" . ' It was the first, word he had uttered and it came from his lips as though it took the power of his life to speak it. My Lord Glandore looked at him for a moment, and then sank into a chair with a weary sigh. " Yes, alive !" he uttered, huskily, " but with nothing left to live for, with nothing but broken hearts behind, nnd a broken life before. Don't stare at me so. If I startled you, forgive me. The shock was sudden, for you must have wondered where I have been these weary, awful months." He jerked out a rasping, bitter little laugh, and covered his face with his hands. "Months, did I say?" he uttered brokenly. "They seem like years Ashton bitter, blastingjyears, that have scorched mj brain and seared my heart ; years that have borne the blasting curse of Heaven on the loathsome horror of their haggard wings : years that have swept away from me all that I loved in life, and left me loaded with a even lasting despair !" His voice echoed|dreadfully clear on the solitude of the night, and Ashton Thorn dale shivered. " You are reported drowned at sea, he uttered, in a hollow voice, " and we / have been mourning you as one dead." " Dead !" His lordship let his hands fall, and rose to his feet with a jarring bitter laugh. " Dead !" he said again ; ''as though such mercy existed for me \ Dead 1 ah, Heaven, if I could have died— as if the very sea itself would not refuse to bury such a guilty wretch as I am ! Look at me my curse has come home. The wife I loved is lost to me ; the life I live is blasted by my own folly ; and all for what — ? You received my letter? I told you the Story of my American marriage, but I did not tell vou the in- famous wrong I did the purest angel that ever breathed the breath of life. I tore her from the arms of her father. Ashton I persuaded her to fly with me, and I married her under an assumed name. God knows I meant to do her justice ; for though she knew me by the name I had assumed, I had my own placed on the certificate of our union, and my only thought was to bring her to Glandore Court as its countess. Do you understand how Heaven overtook me ? I taught her dishonour to her parent ; I tore her from her duty, and God's punishment has come upon me according to my deeds. Together we sailed from England ; but one dreadful night an awful storm arose. In the fog and gloom another vessel had been wrecked, and a floating spar stove in the ship on which we two were pass- engers, and I — oh ! how can I tell you? — I was washed overboard, and she, penni- lness and friendless — she, ignorant alike of her name and station, went on to Fngland alone." (To be continued.) 