OA3VIA. [FROM OCR OWN COnUtePOKDBXT.] November 12. Some of the alluvial claims on Parnell Flat still continue to give good returns. Many are ?? tucker' shows, while some other; give fair wages, which to the mioer mean* 50s. a week. The Mount Rose tunnel is slowly but surely boring its way into the big hill ; every boom of the dyoamitc telle of an effort to bring back to Cania days eimil ir to those enjoyed in her old time prosperity. It is* id by judges sup posed to know the run nf tlir once celebrated reef the hill contain-, ttut ah)ut another 30ft. of tunnelling will cut it. The Cameron Urns., u ho discovered a golden reef at the li»ad of Daylight -iully, near Howard's silver mina, which is at the head of Starlight, have no r both a tunnel and shaft down upon it, and having reported payable gold, have applied to the Warden for a P.C. The gold is of gnoH quality, free, or nearly so, of failver. It v ould take very little more bow, in the way of mining development, to cause the rc-opening of u lot of known gold rerft, and with machinery nf good type for saving fine as well as coarse gold, with concentrators to deal with the pyrites, ore that in all cases shows up in depth on Caoia, I have no doubt a very prosperous time would set in. Thecuisc on many of the fields struggling to rise is the high price charged for crushing. 11 a ton is ton much, and no wonder that on many small goldfields there are batteries idle and rusting away. As a rule, the crushing price is not only high ; but proper gold saving appliances to treat stone containing fine gold, aod vanoers to secure the concentrates for subsequent treatment, are not provided. If proper ina» chlnery was introduced on Cania tlie dread of meeting with mundic would vanish. To bring £ full battery here without full equipment to -!&: I with anything from coarse gold to very fine tree gold, and gold in mundic, the latter requiring either masting or concentration, could be only to do what has been done three times before*— And fail. It seemi strange to think that ««tth machinery has not been bt ought to this place long ago. Only a day's ride from here isa plant owned by a Mr. Car michael. He and his sons have a reef from which they extract, cart away, and crush stone, yielding less than X dwU. of gold per ton. We have cup reef here that givesthrough a large part of its body ahout 7 ezi of gold per ton, worth 60s. per oz„ but for want of local treatment of the proper kiod, it ia idle— aban- doned. Surely tnis is a little behind the age we Uve In. It is nevertheless a fact, and a well-known one to all on Cania and many elsewhere. If the same reef was put, aay at the Batavia River— in N. Queensland New Guinea, or the Moon, we would probably hear of parties forming, and many excited diggers would be actually on the road, horse or foot, ship or balloon ; one way or another, a wild fiignt would aet in to the ' New til Djrado.' Really, distant pastures look green at time?. patters have been nxed up well, 1 hear, with re wl to the Cania Summer Race Meet* Ins anS *t8 programme is arranged. It will take place on »'Y. tt'dnFom,»e' t0 J1,' b successful turn .ouk ^'le jJjSRBrs Raoe, for all bona dlg^r. over 40 year, of age, riding their own ?' yarro^'' .T« th? C'rl°; thian— I* looked forward to keen interest by the knowing ones, for our ii?en gold' are pretty fliub of cash, and f to back either themselves or their ?' bruft*. ' 168 ^ for the 'spin.' The Caoia races have ilway* boen well patronised hy the neighbouring squatters und thei' employees. Racing pro vides a holiday that is more than any other sort appreciated hy bu*lnnpii of all classes, for friends und strangers alike are given by it ono of tlie best of opportunities to meet each other, both f«r convivial or business purposes. As the Cania mooting is held at a tlinn (Christ mas) when it is appropriate to say, M It is a poor heart that iwver rejoicos,' the best |- always mvic nf It. The miners of Monsl, who aro now (most of them) on nloe shows of gold, are oxpected in goodly number, besides many from lvidbvold and smaller fields around. Take it all iu all 1 think the Upper Burnett Koldfields havu liuhl their own 'very well through thia most trying year, und tho proa paot Is a fair ono that better timns are not far off, The idea of providing conoentrating ma chinery to deal with the big bulk of »Uver ore In Howard's mine received a shook through the Broken Hill disturbance, aod the apparent but by nn moans real failure in pushing on with the Montalblon silver mines in the Her* hcrton district. Before the year closes 1 pre diet that quito another tale will be tola of them and other good mines thcro, when proof will be practically given of the value of con* oentration before emeltlng where large bodies of poor as woll an rich ore* aro mot with, ae is the case undoubtedly in tlie Cania Mine. In many oases smelting alone would mean failure, while concentration— even without local fur naces —would meao success. The ruin of inany a mine is caused by working in tho rich veins of ore, and neglecting at the same time to treat in a proper manner the poorer ones. It applies, aud very forcibly too, to many gold reefs as well as the lodes of other mctil. Wh«'e would t'ie No, 1 Xorth Hvtnix, -»ym. pit;, h ivo hem aiy 10 year 'gi If it* poor st--ne had not gono to t)--; mill with its good stuff? Up a tree, like lots of others. Splendid rains havu fallen, so that graft* And Water are now in abundunue. All Nature shows signs of full and plenty, and scorns to Casta reflection upon the intelligence of mini, whose life, as a rule, In Queensl«nd to day is i more like the tail end of a nightmare, in which insolvency, deficits in rev- nue, loans and j mortgages, are chaincd confusedly together, | like the paraphernalia of keys, bolts, bars, and I ca*h boxes, with which Marley's Ghost in the I ' Christmas Chimes' was invested and laden 1 with, white the outlook for a brighter duy is still blurred and innistinct. A rutin thismi6t, j and a hope an far for a better time haB been i generated by the hold policy adopted at last i y the Legislature. So far, our spleudid sea* sonable weather, for some years past, has not been appreciated, and Nature's best efforts have not been backed up Hy the intelligence of man. They have been as pearls thrown to swine. But one year ago he would have been dubbed ns an ' opinionated'person who would have dared to say that the sugar industry would have had by this time a new lease of life conferred upon it, and that ** slavery' would be again tolerated by humane and sensible men, and be regulated by license-, under the law He would have lieen in many instances hoo-hooed had lie said the flood gates will be opened to capitalists wh - wish to cultivate our hugar lands with black labour, I and who with white will be allowed (o build j our railways aud invest in the agricultural, ; pastoral, aud mining industries on lnr.d . f ranted to them to pay for those railways — J inda which we nil know are capable of much I development. Two of the industries named 1 rv. = ., fA la. in flia .OMA half. 1 ? it»y w .,c na ... ti.tw OCM.V ...... - drugged sleep that the colonists themselves have long been in.' By many, too, he would have been classed as *' a little M, you know,*1 , like the little old lady with her documents , we read of in counection with Jarndyce, v. Jarndyce, in ' Bleak Hou-e.' If he had said on the strength of what history had taught him, ' Common sense and the laws of nature will of themselves so act upon the labour troubles that the only real trouble of all will be found in how to strike, and sustain the position independently, and with an absence ^f pauperism. The ordinary law of supply ana demand will mnkc capital aud labour work in uoity in spite -r-f any wUh they nuy have to be antagonistic to each other.' This is just beginning to be again realised. The seamen, the shear. * and the miners have at great expense, and iu litter trouble to them selves, so proved it — proved it as many - f their fathers did in rfnglaud in IS4'2, fifty years ago— proved it as their ancient fathers did centuries before that. All of which has been apparently forgotten, and by inany was probably never heard or read of. | 