NEWS BY MAIL. (From Papers to the st January.) AN OMINOUS OUTLOOK IN! RUSSIA. AAÍoscow corrcspondeníi"h.pXli8,d,an interview with one of the most remarkable men in Russia on the subject of the failure. Unfortunately (continues the correspondent) I must not mention his name. His official views and his private opinions are so directly in conflict that he would run great risks if the latter were known. This is what he said: "The present famine is not a bolt from the blue, a single phenomenon that has come suddenly, and will as suddenly depart. It is the natural consequence of thirty years' bad management, and will become chronic. We may buy corn for the peasants and feed them, but how are we to give them back their horses and cattle? They have already killed half of them. The state of the peasantry is extremely unsatisfactory. Risings may be expected. The peasants believe it to be the Czar's duty to feed them; I have heard them talk as follows: -' The Czar must feed us, and if he does not we must choose another. The little influence and energy which our society possesses the Government endeavours to take from it. There are only two forces which keep the State together - the Church and the Army - and the present regime has made for itself enemies in both, not., small insignificant enemies, but powerful and influential ones. I think it is very improbable that the soldiers and their comrades, if called from the Polish front to shoot down their starving fathers and brothers, would be likely to obey their orders. But if the Polish frontier should be denuded of troops, and the country be generally disturbed, I cannot conceive that Austria and Germany would look on quietly. The inhabitants of the Baltic provinces, once our most loyal subjects, are now our enemies. We have now not only a German question there. Finland we have also stirred up against us. But, not content with these achievements, we are now elaborating a Tartar and an Armenian question. Of Poland I need not speak, You have heard how the peasantry regard the Czar. They have no notice of legitimacy. Onazer is as good as another. As it happens, the present Government has had the misfortune to make an enemy who may become very useful in the hands of agitators. I mean the young Grand Duke Michael Aliohaelovitoh. He is very popular. We are living in terrible times. Our society is sunk in materialism, and earns for nothing but self enjoyment, and the peasant has ceased to be the thoughtless Tzar worshipper of the past." THE MAGAZINE RIFLE FROM A SURGICAL POINT OF VIEW. Although the theoretical object in civilised warfare is not to kill but to disable our antago instant, it is desirable that the injuries inflicted should be at least grave enough to prevent the injured from taking any further part in the campaign. There is certainly increased velo- city in the new weapon, but this, it is contended, does not make up for decreased weight, as the size of the ball also is so much diminished. Such a missile, we are told might lines through a large joint without touching the bones, or between the two bones of the forearm or leg without injuring these structures in the slightest degree. Another disadvantage of the Lee-Metford bullet, regarded as an offensive weapon, is the fact that as it is covered by a hard inelastic and coherent shell of copper and nickel it will traverse the soft tissues of the body without splintering, flattening, or breaking up. Consequently so long as the bullet meets with nothing of a hard resisting nature, the wound it produces will be a very simple one. Hard compact bone would probably be much damaged, but the cancellous structure of the expanded extremity of a long bone would be easily perforated and not sustain much further injury. In addition to diminished shock and stopping power on the individual wound, the almost universally adopted use of a lighter, smaller, and harder bullet will result in the prevalence after an engagement of wounds that are clean cut, small, influencing very slightly, if at all, the surrounding soft parts, and uncom- plicated by lodgment of the ball or by splinters of lead or any other foreign body. These are not merely speculative views, but are based on the records of two cases, one of which came under the author's observation. "In each of those cases a man was shot by the new bullet through the upper portion of the thigh, yet in neither instance was the wounded man knocked down nor did any shook result., In both instances also the wounds healed rapidly. In this able and instructive paper Surgeon-Captain Perry Maish disclaims any idea of criticising adversely the Lee Metford rifle. Quick-firing guns, carrying smaller and lighter projectiles, have now, after very, careful consideration, been adopted in almost every army of Europe, and, it is pointed out, " military considerations, such as facility for supply of ammunition in the field and the great increase in effective range, will far out weigh any minor deficiencies in the new weapon as wound producers." British Medical Journal SALVATION ARMY FINANCE. The following comments are by a contributor to the London Echo, who writes on religious topics under the new de. plume of " Urbnnns :" The chiefs of the Salvation Army have just issued an annual report and statement of accounts. The latter is a hard nut to crack, I said is apparently more for show than use. 1 ! find that the receipts of the General Income and Expenditure Fund are £35, 234, allot which has been expended except a balance of £580 carried forward. The Sick and Wounded Fund, including the maintenance of homes of rest for invalided officers, absorbs 2308, and grants to poor corps for rents amount to only £600. It is very evident, therefore, that in this country the Salvation Army is established on a self-supporting basis, and sometimes, as I happen to know, that is a very poor living for the local officers. Those who are interested in local work of the Salvation Army should take care that their sympathy is shown locally, for, as the figures above given show, the assistance given to the localities by headquarters is very small indeed. The expenses of the International Headquarters amount to nearly £10,000, no less than £7000 being paid in salaries. It is likely enough that no man or woman is paid extravagantly, and it is certain that the subordinates are not no information is afforded as to the amounts drawn by the various members of the Booth family, are scattered up and down through the voluminous' accounts I find "Travelling expenses of staff officers, he, £991," Expenses of field staff officers, £829," " Salaries and expenses of officers specially employed in extending Army work," lumped together with the expenses of Mrs. Booth's funeral for some inscrutable reason, £2151. I defy anybody to make anything of such figures. It should be added that the Home Corps are more than self supporting, for, as a set-off to the meagre help given to poor corps and to the provision for 'sick and wounded," these corps raised £15,000 by a self-denial fund, and collected £4200 more for training homes. These corps further paid £33,000 for rent and insurance, and £7300 more for building purposes. Making every allowance for the outside help which the local Salvationists receive, against which should be set off the fact that they rarely enters into their ranks any well-to-do middle class people, I am struck with amazement at this magnificent triumph of the voluntary principle. There are but few of us that reach up to the Salvation Army level, no matter to what Church we belong. All honour to their rank and file for their splendid liberality. These I must stop. If the leaders of the army are as devoted and disinterested as their officers, they do not allow the world to see it, and as far as the accounts permit me to form an estimate, I fear that it is not so. The expenditure at headquarters is unstinted, I will not say lavish, and some of the items in the accounts of the property department are simply astonishing. So long as small bodies of local Salvationists have to pay £33 000 in the shape of of rent, I do not think that it is fair to them to make such large calls upon thejr"llb£rahty for work elsewhere. The unselflibnëis"locally is J min'\\*"f'Vv 'has- ' --Ü Ko -. - Mod >:&£.: -. in too glaring contrast to the selfishness at headquarters. Should Ah. Bramwell Booth complain that I have done his organisation an injustice, he has only himself to thank for not making his accounts more intelligible. A FIGHT WITH BANDITS. Nineteen men from Fort Ringgold, Texas, under command of Captain Burke, had two skirmishes on Tuesday night, 28th December, with Garz a's bandits. Burke was informed that Garza would attempt to cross the Mexican frontier at Lagruolla, and he went to meet him. Garza had crossed, and was encamped near the frontier, when Burke and his men came up about midnight. The bandits fired upon the troopers, who responded with a volley that scattered the outlaws. They escaped into an adjacent forest, which is so dense that the Americans thought it prudent not to follow. Later on the same night the troops again attacked the bandit camp and again dispersed the robbers. One trooper was killed and one wounded in the skirmish. The bandit loss is unknown. The outlaws are sixty strong, and it is stated that they intended to sack Caiuargo, RURAL QUESTION IN GERMANY. RERTIUCTIS-Q THE MIGRATION TO THE ToWNS. In the debates on the commercial treaties in the Reichstag, Chancellor von Caprivi announced that the Government was contemplating the introduction of a bill to regulate the migration of the rural population into the towns. The agriculturists complain of a great want of labourers in consequence of this migration, and assert that the criminal classes are swollen by this influx of people, who for the greater part remain without occupation, and thus go to the bad. The Government, it is said, proposes to settle the question in this way : Any person wishing to leave his native place must advance proof that he is able to acquire a dwelling for himself and his family in tho-new'place of settlement. Should he, after Having acquired such a dwelling, not be able to keep it for certain space of time, he would then be sent back to the place he came from. " 'Should he be unable to Svork, his parish' would then have to allot to him a dwelling. For this purpose it is proposed that every labourer should pay a small percentage of his wages to the parish funds. The AVciíírciVimr/.'which. publishes these particulars, expresses its great satisfaction with the intended reform, but is afraid that the Liberals will oppose it as an encroachment on individual liberty. The same paper states that an expulsion, on a large scale, of Germans from the Western Russian provinces is to be expected in the beginning of the new year. A motion will (says the Daily News correspondent) be brought forward in the Reichstag asking the Government to provide assistance for the victims of the expulsion. THE BIBLE AND MODERN CRITICISM. A CoNrEssiON or FAITH BY CLERGYMEN. A number of clergymen of the Church of England have jointly issued a document in which they define their position with regard to the Bible and modern criticism. They describe themselves as messengers, watchmen, and stewards of the Lord, who have received the Holy Ghost to be faithful dispensers of the Word of God," and say that, deeply feeling the burden and shame of sitting still, they can no longer forbear to deliver their joint testimony before God. " We therefore solemnly profess and declare our unfeigned belief in all the canonical Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, as handed down to us by the tin divided Church in the original languages. We believe that they are inspired by the Holy Ghost; that they are what they profess to be; that they mean what they say ; and that they declare incontrovertibly the actual historical truth in all records, both of past events and of the delivery of predictions to be thereafter fulfilled. We believe these Scriptures because they have the authority of divine revelation and wholly independent of our own or of any human approval of the probability or possibility of their subject matter and in- dependently of our own or of any human and finite comprehension thereof. And we believe that any judgment, either for or against them, formed on the ground of such approval or comprehension, or of the want thereof, is inapplicable to the matter of divine revelation. And we believe the Holy Scriptures to have this divine authority, on the testimony of the universal Church, the spouse and body of Christ, the witness and keeper of Holy Writ. So that no opinion of the fact or form of divine revelation, grounded on literary criticism of the Scriptures themselves, can be admitted to interfere with the traditionary testimony of the Church when that has been once ascertained and verified by appeal to antiquity. The signatories add that they especially re- pudiate and abhor all suggestions of fallibility in the person of our Blessed Lord Jesus Christ, in respect of His own use of the Scriptures of the Old Testament. Among those who have signed the declaration are Dr. Goulburn, late Dean of Norwich; Archdeacon Denison, of Taunton; the Rev. H. Gregory, Dean of St. Paul's; the Suffragan Bishop of Reading; Bishop Claughton, late of St. Albans ; the Dean of Canterbury, Chancellor Espin, the Deans of Lincoln, Exeter, and Gloucester; the Rev. H W. Webb-Peploe ; the Arch- deacons of Stoke, Liverpool, and Norfolk and the Rev. Edmund Field, Fellow of St. Nicholas College. 