A NEW NOVEL. DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, . . Author op . "Joseph's. Coat," "Aunt Each el," " Rainbow Cold," &o.; SPECIALLY WRITTEN FOE AUSTRALIAN PAPERS> [all odeenhlakd mania iieseeyed.] CHAPTER 1. PAIR OF LOVERS were strolling along an English country lane, the sun had fallen half an hour before, hut its beams were still reflected in .the zenith, so that through the over-arching boughs of the lofty hedgerows, and the trees studded about them, thero fell a radiance which, though soft and ghost-like, still gave light enough for the man and maid to read each other's faces. The mole, as was natural, took ardent advantage of his opportunity, and walking with drooping head and side-long face, kept his eyes fixed upon the girl's half-averted features. She, for her part, stole only an occasional glance at him, each tirao swiftly withdrawn. She was not pre-eminently pretty, except to a lover's oyes, but her face was full of a vivacious ten derness, and at every fugitive glance sho gavo him her companion's heart yearned over her. " Ton ore quite sure you love me ?" eaid the young man, putting the question for the twen tieth time that evening. The girl's shy glance met his for a moment and drooped again. She gave him ho further response, hut for a while, at least, beseemed satisfied, 'and they walked on slowly in the gathering dusk, until at a corner of the lane he put his arm about her waist, and drawing her gently to him, arrested her footsteps. Sho laid her head upon his breast with no pre tence of coyness as he stood with his arms folded about her shoulders. They were as happy as love and youth could make them, and utterly oblivious of the world about them, as lovers have aright to be. But whilst they Rtood thus in silence, the noise of a figure crashing through the hedgerow startled them apart, and an intruder landed in the roadway almost at the lover's feet. Of the three the new comer seemed the most disturbed. Ho peered through the gloom first at one and then at the other of the pair, upon whose solitude he had unwittinglybroken, and once or twice liia lips moved as if he would willingly have framed some sort of apology, hut never a word ho spake, "With each second that wont by tho silence bade fair to be more embarrassing, but tho girl recovering her equanimity somewhat, tardily broke the awkward spell. "Good evening, Mr. Hotneridge." The intruder made shift to pluck off his hat and. to stammer a response, of which no word was audible. "With that he moved away leav ing the lovers alone, in a considerable momen tary embarrassment. They had scarce recovered themselves when tho intruder was back again, and even in the deepening dusk it was plninly to bo seen that he had contrived, short as the interval had been, to throw aside his confusion. He carried his shoulders in decidedly truculent fashion and grasped his walking stick by tho middle with the air of a man who means busi ness. '*1 don't wan'tto interruptyou just now. Mr. Redwood," he began, and there paused to moisten has Hps with his tongue. "But if it's convenient to you I should like a word with you before tho night's out." "Very good," returned the lover, catching a shade of the intruder's manner. "Name your time," said the intruder. " Will 10 o'clock suit you ? " " Perfectly, I'll coll on you at that time." With that he swung upon his heel and marched rapidly away, his footsteps sounding on the sun-baked road whilst he walked a hundred yards or so and then falling suddenly into silence as he vaulted a stile and took his way through the deep grass of a hay meadow. "George," said the girl, laying an imploring hand on her companion's arm. "You won't quarrel, will you?" "My darling," George responded, passing an arm about her wait, "I've nothing to quarrel about so far as I know, and I don't think either that I'm of a quarrelsome turn of mind." "You have nothing to quarrel about," the girl answered, '' but be has, or at least he thinks ho has." " Oh," George answered, laughing, " that's an old story, and I should think by this time lie's hod the sense to forget all about it. "We fought about it in our school days, but we're grown men now, the pair of us, and it would be u pity if a pair of sensiblo people should fall to loggerheads over a dead and buried old yarn like that." " It isn't dead and buried for John Hethe ridge," the girl responded. " He believes it to , this day, he was speaking to Sir Eustace about I it only this morning.' He was speaking angrily and noisy as ho does sometimes, and the gar- ; doner overheard them. Aunt Maty told me at j teatime this evening. Sho was afraid that there .would always be black blood between thom." "Well, my dear," the young man answered easily, V it takes two to mako a quarrel. My mother used te say that angor was as catching aa the measles, but I've never found it so. If Jack Hctheridge likes to be a fool ho must take his -way singly. Ipromisoyouhe shan't tempt mo to keep him company." Thoy began to • "walk on slowly once more, the young man fondling his companion's un gloved hand, and now and then stooping to kiss it. It was almost dark hy this time and each saw the other's face only as e palo featureless blot ou the background of the gloom. The girl paused suddenly in her walk and throw ing both arms about her lover clung to him tightly, and ha raising his hand to her face found it was wet with tears. - ■"Why, Ellice darling," he demanded tenderly, "what's the matter? Ton arc not often like this. There's no danger in the world. I'm not afraid of Jack Hefcheridgc of all men in the world, and you shan't be, if I can help it. Now, don't worry, my darling, dry your eyes and think no more about it." "There's something else, George," the girl whispered, still clinging to him. At this George started with a sudden i divination. " Oh, that's it, is it?" he asked with a cer tain dryness in his tone, " he's had the cheek to have it out at last, has lie ?" "You knew about it?" Ellice asked him, in a whisper which barely reached his ears. "Why, my dear," George answered, "it stands to reason that I knew about it. When a man loves a girl aa much as I do you— Ho paused there to emphasise his speech hy a hug and a kiss. ""When a man loves a girl as much as I do you, it makes him pretty keen to see when anybody else is hanging about after her. I could always be sure that you never liked the fellow, and that if I went single it wouldn't he for his sake. Whou did you send him about his business, darliug?" "He spoke to me yesterday," chc answered, in a shame-stricken whisper, as if she had been confessing a gnilty secret. So late as that," said George. "I can understand his being a bit rusty lighting ou us in that sudden way a while ago; if I'd come on him in the same way I should likely enough have broken * his head for him. -But then of course it would have been different, for .1 should have known the beggar wasn't there by your good will. ' But don'fclct us think any more of him, my dear; ho shall have his talk to-night, and I'll tell you all about it in the morning. In the meantime there are lots of pleasanter tilings in tho world than Jack Hctheridge for you and me to think about, and here's one of them. Whcn's the day tube, my darling ? When are you going to make me the happiest man in Worcestershire?. " She put these queries by, and be grew | tenderly remonstrant and even a little fiery. This was agreeable, and not lightly to be ended. ! He grew more ardent still, and frightened her i dcliciously with his kisses, protestations, and ; embraces, until at last she gave him an answer. They would be married that day three months, | and on that delightful understanding he con ducted her to her own garden gate, bade her a lover-like good-night thero, and swung off homeward to meet the intruder o! an hour and a-half before; His mother, a quiet-, gray-haired old woman, • sat knitting in the parlour by the light of a pair of tall caudles.' "I've done it at last, mother," he said, as he stooped to kiss her. " What hast dono, lad?" the old lady asked, smiling mildly up at him. ! "I doubt," tho young fellow answered i laughingly, "that you'll want a bit of practice, | but you'll have to stand up for a dance at least ! this day three months." • "Oh, .oh!" Bftid-the old lady. "You're spoke to Ellice ?" "Yes, mother," the young1 man- responded, i " I've spoken to Ellice, and we're to be married | this day three months." The mother xose and kissed hira, and cried over him a litth as tender mothers will some times in sue*! a case. ""Who'd ha' thought of little Ellie Green away and you a growin' up to bo man and ; wife together? Well, well, die's a pretty gell, i George, and a good gell, and I tnink she'll mnke you happy. And, if you're as good a husband as you've been a son to mc, she s got a prize in 'ten thousand. You've got your mother's blesain', George, my lad." This affectionate colloquy was broken in 1 upon by a knocking at the front door. ! "There's Jack Hetheridge," said George,"I met him in Barstoe lane a while ago, and ho said he wanted a word with me. He's come for it now, I guess." " Is't private business, George ? " his mother asked. "Yps," said George. " I suppose it's private business. Ho seems to be in & bit of a hurry foritjitoo. What are the maids about?" The knocking at the front door was renewed more loudly than before, and George himself answered the summons.' "There's nobody hard of hearing, in this house).-J&ok;,". he said, as he opened the door. " Come in. We'll have our talk in my own room, if you don't mind. We can be private there." Ho led the way through the pitch dark hall, with the assured foot of custom. The visitor followed him gropingly for a yard or two, and then coming into collision with some unseen piece of furniture cursed quietly to himself and waited. By-and-by George appeared in a doorway with a candle, and beckoned to the self-invited guest. "How, Jack," he asked when tbey were seated together, with the light between them, what's the word about ?" They were a strongly and even a strangely assorted pair to look at. Thero was scarcely a difference of a month in their ages, hut Hetberidgo might easily have been taken for George's senior by half a score of years. His features were thin and puckered, his forehead was prematurely bald, bis thin Hps ruled a hard, straight line, which dipped suddenly at the corners, nndhis pale gray eyes were restless and angry looking as they wondered hither and thither in thoir shiftiness, as if their owner were seeking something to revenge a spite upon. His hair, his eyebrows, and his little bite of Bide whiskers were all of the same no-colour, but unusually crisp and wiry. A mero rimevof closely shaven beard sparkled in the candle light upon his cheeks and chin. - He had a nervous knack of lengthening the jaw and scraping with thumb and finger over this close trimmed stubble in such a way as to elicit a ; faintly audible sound.. In Btatnro he was 1 slight, but inclined to be toll. The man who faced him, waiting for the opening of the conversation, was a well built deep cheated fellow with a fresh unwrinkled face, a kindly aspect, and large bluish gray eyes that looked as open and honest as the day. "How, Jack," ho asked a second time, as Hethcridge sat scraping furtively at his lean jaw, and sending his vexed glance everywhere but in the direction of his companion—" How, Jack, what is it?" Iletheridgc seemed at first in no hurry to answer, but suddenly he banged the walking stick be carried on the unclothed table, and leaning forward looked his rival for the first ' timo in the face. , ".You're in my.way, George Redwood," be i began, with a directness for which an observer would have boen unlikely to give him credit. " Ob," said George, with a tranquil lifting of the eyebrows, "perhaps you'll tell me how?" v " Your father was in my father's way" said Hethcridge, dropping lus glance and clutch ing bis stout walking stick in both bands as though he strove to break it. "Your father was in my father's way, and you're in mine." "How, look here, Jack," returned Red wood, "I'm sick of that ridiculous old story. If you've come here to talk about that, you might as well save your breath to cool your porridge." "Your father," said Hethcridge, "robbed my father of threo hundred and fifty acres lying between the brook and Bristol lane. Tho world knows that. You know it as well as I "Yea," George answered, "just as well as j ! you do. It's a foolish lie, and there's an end i i of it. Your father wasn't a careful man; j 1 mine was. One wasted money, and the other made it. Your father drank and racketed his lands away, and ray father bought 'em with honest money made in honest business. Go where you like, ask anybody who knows the story, and they'll tell you the same thine:." "Yourfather robbed my father," persisted Hctheridgo suddenly. "I .shouldn't bo aggrieved," Redwood answered with a cool contempt, "at anything you might say, even if I supposed that you believed it. Nobody but a born fool could believe that yam or yours in the face of the evidence, and you're not a born fool, Jack Hetheridge." . "Your father robbed my father," Hetheridge said again, "and you've robbed me." "Is that bo?" Redwood asked in the some tone of cool contempt. *4 now will yon be so good as tell mo how ?'' "You know how, well enough," Hetheridge returned. Ho set his stick across his knee and tugged at it with all hie force. "Well, no," drawled George, with an irri tating unconcern. " I cannot precisely say I do. Perhaps you'll be good enough to cxplaiu the matter." " Who— "began Hetheridge. He stopped, choking at the word. "Woll," demanded Redwood. "Who—? Who what?" 11 Who camo in between me and EUice Green away?" Hetheridge flashed at him, lifting his wrathful eyes suddenly and glaring at George across the table. "lean answer that question in a minute," George responded, "it was I and Miw Green away that carac in between you and Miss Greonaway. If you'd been another man and sho'd been another woman, yon might have hit it off to perfection." Hetheridge's face was pale and his voice shook a little as he spoke. "You carae between us, George Redwood. I've cared for her ever since I was a lad. I've cared about her, and I've lethor Gee it,". Ho spoke as if ho had to lay a desperate com pulsion on himself to speak at all, and what with the reality of his rage and the tenseness of the hold with which he clutched the walking stick aoross his knee his whole figure vibrated. 44 I've been her follower and hor servant these 15 rears, since she was a little thing running about in short frocks, and up till now. I never cast a thought on any other girl and never shall. I've always meant to marry her, and I mean to marry her; and as sure as God's alive, George, the man that crosses me has got to fight me for her." . The man spoke with an anguish so easily to be seen that the successful rival felt a touch of pity. " Look here, Jack," he said, "what's the use of talking. Suppose we two should fight— auppoGcyou made an end of me, do yon think voir d bo any nearer marrying Elflee for that 9 X never heard it was the way to.a girl'e heart to kill the man she honoured with her liking." "You came in. between us," Hetheridge said again, in a dull, tired way this time, "and you'll have to suffer for it. If I'can't marry her nobody else shall." "Man alive," cried the other, with a half contemptuous, half-angered laugh, "man alive, you're mad. You got your answer yes terday." " She told you that, did she ?" said Hether ridge wrathfully. "Yea," said George," she told me. She had a right to tell ine. "We shall he married, please God, this day three months." " You tliink so,'' Hetheridgeanswcred. " We shall .see." "Of course, we shall," George answered ' dryly. "And now, Jack, if you've no more good sense to lavish on me, I'll say 4 Good night.' I shouldn't suppose thatyou'd be very satisfying even to a craving stomach, and I've had no appetite for you at any time. Take the dish away, John." With this touch of rustic irony Redwood rose, opened the door, and indicated the way to his rival by a careless wave of the hand. " Forcwarned's forearmed, they say," said Hetheridge. " Never say I didn't caution you." 44 Here Jack, my lad," said Redwood, slam ming the door and setting his broad back against it. 44 What does all this point to ? What are you going to do ?" " I'll tell you what I'm not going to do," said Hetheridge, sitting motionless in his chair. " I'm not going to stand by whilst any man steps in between roe and EUiee Grccnaway. - Take warning, George." 41 What do you mean to do ?" George asked him. " Do you think I'm a baby to be' frightened by the first ugly chap that comes along and pulls faces at me ? Come now, what do yon mean fr" 41 Mean ? " cried Hetheridge, rising suddenly to his feet and confronting his adversary. '4 I'll have the life of any man that marries Ellice. Now you've got it straight." 44 Yes," said Redwood, with an air of weary - resignation, 44 we'to got it straight at last, and now, get out of my house." Hetheridge obeyed the cool gesture of dis missal, but tinned in the doorway, for a final . word. 4 4 Don't forget, George. Think of what I've told you." 411 shan't burden my mind with any such sickly nonsense," Redwood answered, and so saying he took the candle from the table and conducted his rival to tbe door. (To be Continued.) 