A. TALK WI H A DIVEYR. "' I'.r not going to tell yont :about ghosts uinder water, coi.pses it.1.l upright in the sattie-rooms of stenamer, with 'books on their knees, C us if they had hcon: reading when they were drowned, beetIusc I' haven't seen such. Nor has any other diver. You can't see anythling in a sunknli .v~sel... If anyone tells youe such stories he's not i diver except that lie dives away from the truth." "It there eany skill required, in the act of gdiving-Inmeani getti;lg dbwi to the object on which you are to work ". ."No. That'iastbl:,y, :tij ptlica?Tii; shlill -only care. You, must be cuareful not to -o don n the life line too fast, because if you ,lid the pressure on 0oi ?onuld'be too sudden. But the art of gbing dow?si is easy enough. The dress weighs a diver downi. You see, his lshoes weigh twenty pounds eich. .Thien he has on his chest anid iback weights of forty pounds each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress.consistsof two layersof du.l k with a layer'of rubber between them. To the to1p part of the dress a collar of copper is tilixed, and to this tha' helmet is firmnly screwed after it has been pliced ever the diver's. head.. .Tlq heltet is large enough to allow a space of three inches -around the - ;head, and there are three tubes through whichwhich the air reaches thei interior of the hel met. Before the. diver goes down, a weighted line is sunk to the spot he is to reach below. The life line is tied around his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is puimped into the helmhnet. The (diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life lino being run out as lie descends. A lie Inovcs'iibout below, those above mn.it relin'lr tlhe life lie '!tid hose, and shou:ld be ri':uly to troll him up as soon us they get the signal-a shairp tug uat the line. Soncm people fancy there's a rush ing sound, or at noise like thunder, made by the air gassing from the hose into the hel met. But that's nonsense. You don't, hear any sounid except the strokes of the pump. "If those above are watchful for any danger signal, and, when they get the signald, haul the diver up promptly, d(1 they usually land him s:ife and sound?" " Usually not. If a dirc's careful about his work, nothing should happen; but if anything does haplsen, it is usually all over with hinm. A tug on the line means.death, especially if lie's down deep. The diver doesn't perish bccause tie's cutoff too long from the supplly of air, but fromn the fright ful pressure. Take, for in-stance, the death of Jenkins, in 1878. His hose burst. They hauled him tip in two minutes. He was a corpse. I don't care to describe his appear ance. It was h:arrowing. I can ,give you, from an experience of mine, soimc idea of the the pressure. I was at work below, whali suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the life line. Fortu nately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled mit out alive. 'But I felt while they were hauling me as if I had i hIydraflic jack on each side of my head. The hose had riot bhrstf, and tlie. pump had been working all right, so we wesie at a loss to know why the supply of air had given out till we uminae a careful examination of the hose. W\e found a lot of paper balls' in it. I don't know ;any one who is an enemy of mine, so in iny'case a fool must have put the paper balls in the hase. The kind of danger I have just dhscribcd-tlhat of the stoppage of air and death' from pressure-is perhaps the greatest, because a (liver can't do anytliing to ai'oid it. It is the langer of accident through circumstances beyond his conitrol. S"There is :another danger, and a very curious one, too, which, fortunately, how-. ever, is not often inicurred. The dress of a diver is feaitfully heavy and hot. On a warmu day the pierspiration from a (liver, while his dress is being put on, will sometimes showi tlrough the duck.and rutbber. 'Now, when you get into the water the delightful cool-' Hess makes you drowsy. D)ive:s actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep but once. I slept at tlie bottom of.a creek souidly for one hiir id na half. Now sulppose you had a jot that you could work at only (di'inug one hour of slack water, and on going below 'you fell asleep, and slept over your time The 'tide would comne with a rush, your hose anal ropei would snap, aund that would be the end of you."-J-iloll. 