NEW YORK CITY. BY RUDYARD KIPLING. It is not easy to escape from a big city. An entire continent was waiting to be traversed, and for that reason we lingered in New York till the-city felt so homelike that it seemed wrong to leave it. And further, the more one studied it the more grotesquely bad it grew—bad in its paving, bad in its streets, bad in its street police, and but for the kindness of the tides would be worse tiian bad in its sanitary arrangements. No one as yet has approached the management of New York in a proper spirit; that is to say, regarding it as the shiftless outcome of squalid barbarism and reckless extravagance. No one is likely to do so, because reflections on the long, narrow pig-trough are con strued as malevolent attacks against the spirit and.majesty of the great \- American people, and lead 'to angry comparisons. Yet, if all the streets of London were permanently up and all the lamps permanently down, this would not prevent the New York \- streets taken in a lump from -being first cousins to a Zanibar foreshore, or kin to the approaches of ■ » Kaffir kraal. -Gullies, holes, ruts, cobble-. stones awry, kerbstones rising from two to six inches - above the level of the slatternly pavement J - tram lines from two to three- inches above street levels ; building ' Ma terial scattered half, across the street; lime, boards, cut stone, and ash barrels generally and generously ' anywhere; ■wheeled traffic taking its chances, dray versus brougham, tit cross roads; sway backed poles whittled and unpaintcd; drunken lampposts.with twisted irons; and lastly, a generous scatter of filth, and more mixed stinks than the winter . wind can carry away, are matters which can be considered quite apart from, the “spirit of democracy’ or ‘the future of this great and growing country.’ In any other land they would be he held- to represent slovenliness, sordiduess, and want of capacity. Here it is explained, not once but many times, that they show the speed at which the city is grown, and the enviable indifference of her citizens to matters of detail. One of these days, you are told, everything will be taken, in hand and put straight. The unvirtuous rulers of the city will be swept away by a cyclone or a tornado, or something big and booming, of popular indignation; everybody will unanimously elect the right men who will justly earn the enormous salaries that are at present being paid to- inadequate aliens for road-sweeping, and all will be well. At \- the same time the lawlessness ingrained by governors, among the governed during the last thirty, forty, or it may be fiftj' years; the brutal levity of public conscience in regard to public duty; the tdugheningandsupplingof pub lic morals;-and the reckless disregard of human life bred by impotent laws and fostered by familiarity with needless accidents • and criminal neglect, will miraculously disappear, If the laws of cause and effect that control even the freest people in the world say otherwise, so much the worse for the laws. America makes her own. Behind her stands the ghost of the most bloody war of the century, caused in a peace ful land by long temporising with lawlessness, by letting things slide, by shiftlessness and blind disregard of all save the material need of the"hour, till the trouble long conceived and let alone stood up full armed, and men said, ‘ Here is an unforseen crisis,’ and killed each other in the name of their God for four years. In a heathen land, the three things that are supposed to be the pillars of moderately decent government are regard for human life, justice criminal and civil, as far as it lies in man to do justice, and good roads. This Christian city, where they think lightly of the j first—-their own papers, their own speech, arid their own 'actions prove it —buy and sell the second at a price openly and without shame, and are apparently .content to do without the third. One would almost expect the racial sense -of humor would stay them from expecting only praise—slab, lavish, and slavish —from the stranger within their gates. But they do not. If he holds his peace they forge tributes to their own ex cellence which they put into his mouth, thereby treating their own land, which they profess to honor, as a quack treats his pills. If he speaks—but you shall see for yourselves what happens then. And they cannot see that by untruth and invective it is themselves, and themselves alone that they injure. The blame of their city evils is not altogether with the gentlemen, chiefly of foreign. extraction, who control the city. These find a people made to hand—a lawless breed, ready to wink at one evasion' of the law if they themselves may profit by another, and in. their rare leisure hours content to smile over the de tails of a clever fraud. Then says the cultured American, “ Give us .time. Give us time and we shall arrive.” The otherwise American who is aggressive, straightway pro ceeds to thrust a piece of half-hanged municipal botchwork under the nose of the alien as, a sample of perfected effort. There is nothing more delight ful than to sit for a strictly limited time with a child who tells you what he means to be when he is a man; but when that same child—loud-voiced, in sistent, uublushingly eager for praise, but- thin-skinned as the most morbid of hobbledhoys—stands about all your ways, telling you the same story in the same voice, you begin to yearn for something made and finished— say. Egypt and a completely dead mummy. It is neither seemly nor safe to hint that the go vernment of the largest city in the States is a despotism of the alien by the alien for the alien, tempered with occasional insurrections of'the decent folk. Only the Chinaman washes the dirty linen of other lands. 