1 THE STORY-TELLER. THE WHITE DOG. A GHOST STORY. BY GEOBGE E. SIMS. Author of "Lights «' London," "Tie Dagonet Bill ads," Ac., Ac. It was tbo earl; morning of Christmas Day. The clock of the nearest church boomed out the hour of 3. Immediately afterwards the big olook in the ballfollowed its example in a deep bass voice. Then ths little olook in tbte dime groom piped otttthe hourof 3 in a child ish treble. A few initiates afterwards my library clock, whioh hMdefiedthaellorts'of feeble sounds lit^g^dcS^^Hiiier,.' which said as plainly as pb88ible, .''rm verv sorry I'm so late, but better late than never. "Then the kitchen and the bedroom docks struck, and by a quarter past 3 every clock in the house had informed me what the time was-or ought to be. It was 3 o'clock in the morning, cv rather in the dead of the night, so that in this great lonely house which I inhabit every sound was distinctly audible- much too audible for a nervous man, who invariably starts at the ghostly noieea of the small bours, and has a vague belief in the supernatural. Many a time, when I have been writing far into the night, have I suddenly looked up from my work and listened, and burst into a pro found perspiration as some piece of furniture in the room gave a bloodcurdling creak. When the furniture takes to creaking 1 invariably leave off work and creep upstairs to bed. ? There are two things which .invariably put anend to my consumption of the midnight oil, and cause my face to pe sicklied o'er with the pale bast, not of thought, but of terror. One is the crooking of the furniture, and the other is a mysterious breathing on the nape of my neck. That breathing always temporarily paralyses me. I sit in dumb terror for a minute or two, and gradually the power of speech comes back to me, or I call to imaginary dogs to come to my assistance, and make hysterical efforts to hum popular airs of a gay and festive description. I don't know what use a dog would be to me in a struggle with that impalpable breather on the nape of my neck, and I cannot for the life of me'imagine how I became possessed of the idea that a comic song was a charm against sepulchril intruders on one's midnight privacy. 1 am only telling you ichat I do. why 1 do it I must leave for the learned in these matters to determine. On the particular night when the adventure happened to me which I am about to relate, the clocks had all struck 3. I have dwelt on the circumstance in order th>t you may under stand my feelings when a certain extraordinary thing happened. I was sitting alone in my library, writing. My servants had all gone to bed hours ago, and my little dogs were fast asleep in the kitchen below. . Suddenly, just as I was writing the closing lines of the story on which I was engaged, my big bookcase gave an unearthly creak, and immediately afterwards I fancied I heard a rustling behind me. I didn't turn my head I never can when I hear a rustliug in the middle of the night-and presently I felt upon the nape of my neck a tiny current of air, as though some one were breathing on it. \- Ab soon as I had recovered from the state of abject terror into which those phenomenaflung me (I shall never get used to them if I live to be a hundred) I began my usual performance. "Here Fido, Fido," I exclaimed. " Where are you- bite him Fido-go for'em, Fido." The words were hardly out 6f my mouth before I gave a startled cry, and leaping out of mychair, made a wild dash at the door. The moment I had called upon (he imaginary ' Fido, a low growl had proceeded from beneath the table oh which 'I was writing, and pre sently, fo my horror, there stood before me a white dog with:wild flaming eyes. I had never seen the dog before.. He was not one of my dogs, he was an utterstranger to me, where on earth had he came from ? You must remember that it was 3 o'clock in the morning, and then you will understand my astonishment at this remarkable answer to my call. I expected that this mysterious canine visitor would spring upon me. I wasn't sure' that I shouldn't wake up and find myBelf the victim of a nightmare. Imagine my astonish ment when the animal walked quietly up to me and began to wag his tail. With a great effort I managed to stoop down and pat bun. He wagged his tail more than ever then, and there was no doubt that he was a real dog of flesh and blood, and net a ghostly visitor or a creation of my disordered imagina tion. But how in the name of goodness had the strange dog managed to be in my Etudy at 3 in the morning. The house had been locked up since midnight, and all the time I had been at work I had not heard a sound. I couldn't sit there with that mysterious dog. To do any more work was impossible, so pat ' ting the strange deg again I walked out of the room, and, closing the door behind me, went upstairs to bed. Outside my hou6ek3eper'H bed room door 1 put a piece of pape^ on which I scribbled, "If you find a strange dog in the' library don't be frightened, and' don't let him' go out of the front door-keep him till I come down." I was determined to fathom the mystery of the strange cauine visitor if pos sible. Tho next morning when I came down to' breakfast, I asked about the dog-I half ex pected tho reply would be, '' What dog, sir ? we haven't seen any dog. But it was nothing of the sort-the dog was found fast asleep in my easy chair when the library door was opened ' in the morning. The housekeeper had taken him downstairs into the kitchen and tied him up to the leg of the table. He was a very nice dog, and he didn't look at all ghostly in the daylight. When I went downstairs and patted him he ctood up on his hind legs and tried to lick my hand. *' How in the name of goodness did he get into my study last night without any one knowing anything about it ?" I asked. We all thought tlio matter over, and at last it was unanimously decided that when the housemaid went out of the front door at eleven d'clock to lock up the area gate, the white dog who was probably lost must have crept in at the' open door, walked into my Btudy, oon ceal6d: himself under the table and fallen asleep there. ' 1 ' 'It'jb'the b'abit/fif a lost dog to ffeel ner vous and to oowerandlie down in any pl&oeof; thelter liD may find; -' My little black and 'tan dogs- did «otap pro vecf the 'Oew oomer at olL ; * They were jealous, ^and resented :<h every possible way the little attention l £aid to the intruder, whom I at once ^christened, 'bearing' in mind the cir cumstances under which I hod discovered him, " Ghost.*" ' It being Christmas Day, ; I- left-, home early in the morning to spend the day with some relations. Christmas Day has long ceased to be a day of merriment to me. I have reaohed that time of life when there is too much to look baii upon- too muck to mourn and regret, for any anniversary to be a very joyous ono. Still Christmas, even to the most. uniortunate among us, has itsBOothing Bide, and it is a day on which we rain " gather up what joys are kit" and live our last happiness onoo M»m, m the innocent mirth of tne little -ones who, -Arc the life and soul of the family party. _ Of course t told everybody about the white dog who had suddenly appeared, as if by magic, in my study in the middle of the niffht, and eve^body was interested excepting the I explained the theory by which I accounted for his getting into the house, and the-elder people agreed jfrith jne^ bnt the ijsoanger folks wouldn't accept anything so ptosaip.in the way of explanation. They were sure that the white doe 'rmeant" something. One ot iny nieces, Who had had " Madame D'AuInoVe Fairy Tales" aa a Christmas gift, hararded tna sugges tion that it might be* > prince who had been turned into a dog by the fairies, ana would resume hiB shape under certain conditions. . In the afternoon we' sat round the fire, between the lights, and the conversation once more turned upon the mysterious dojj. Yield ing to the influence of the midnight hour, I launched on a theoryof my own, and suggested that perhaps, after all, Ghost was a super natural dog, and had been sent in answer to my call for canine aid against the spirits who annoyed me by breathing on the nape of my neck at midnight. _ , "Fancy, if he is a ghost dog after all, uncle," said my niece Maudie, " how awfully romantic!" My nephew Sidney who is a year older, instantly chimed in with a vigorous " bosh !" and declared there were no ghosts of any kind and certainly no dog ghosts. He was certain that we should find that Ghost was just a lost dog who had seen a door open and darted in the nouse because he was getting cold and uncomfortable in the streets. "You put an advertisement in the Dailu Telegraph," he said, "and see if Bomebody does not come forward to claim him." I thought it was a very sensible sugges tion, and I determined to act upon it, especially as Ghost was a weil-bred and valuable dog, and had every sign of having been ft pet, aud well cared for. When I reached home that night my nrst enquiry was about the dog. "He's been quiet enough, eir, eaid my housekeeper. ''He slept in the big chair m the kitchen till it was dark. Then he went upstairs and lay down under your study, and he's there now." . , I went into the study and whistled, and out came the white dog. He wagged his tail, looked at me in a wistful kind of way, an« then crawled back under the table again, and so I left him for the night. The next day being Boxing Day I could not get any handbills printed, but on Monday 1 set about the task of finding Ghost's owner. I had ft fine description of him set forth in a handbill, and I gave my addresB, and stated that the owner could have him on application to me. 1 also advertised him in the Pail;/ Telegraph, , . .. A week went by, and I received no applica tion, and so I made up my mind that GhOBt had come to stay, aud I began to consider him as one of the family. . Ho settled down to his new home all right, but there was one peculiarity about hin.' Nothing would induce him to sleep anywhere but in my study. Directly night fell, nu matter where he was, Ghost would came to iny study door and whine there until I let him in. He would walk straight under the table, and curl himself up, and there he would remain. One day, about eleven o'clock in the morn ing, my Bervant came to me and said that a gentleman wished to Bee me at once. '' He say he's oomo about the dog, sir." At last, I thought, the mystery of Ghost is to be cleared up. Then I said aloud tinoiv the gentleman in." " , The gentleman who came m was a tall, good looking man, with a wild beard and large, wild eyes. He looked like one of those Bohemian artists on© used to meet with in the Quartier Latin in Paris in the old days before Bo lemisi ceased to be, and art land literature gave up eccentricity and settled down in <2c ttoolc respectability--at least of an outward appear *My visitor seemed thoroughly agitated. Be fore I could ask him to take a Beat he had dropped into a chair, and was panting as if exhausted with ft lone walk. " I've run here," ne exclaimed- I vo run all the way from Hampstead." " Indeed," I Baid, wondering what manner of man this could be. , "Yes: I only heard of your advertisement this morning - I heard of it at the police station. You've got the dog? " If you mean a white dog that came into my house most mysteriously rather more than a week ago-yes, I have " , "Ob, dear 1-oh, dear!" exclaimed the strange gentleman, pulling out » large red pocketbandkerehief; "it's very dreadful-its very awful! Has he bitten you ! "Good heavens, no!" I replied, becoming ssriously alaimed. " Has ho bitten your wife or your children . "I have no wife or children." .' Ah-that'« very lucky, very lucky ! Has he bitten your other dogs, your servants, or your cat?" _ , . . "Good gracious, no! He's a very quiet and amiable dog. But why do you ask?' . . «< Why-oh lord-I don't like to tell you but I roust," of course I must-you ought to know-" . , . He mopped his brow apam, and lor ft moment his face became so violently contracted I thought he was going to have a fit. "Pray do not keep me in suspense ana a'moflt agony. What do you know about this ' Ah, everything, too much it's very dread ful, where is be now, . I bad forgotten all about the dog for s moment in my excitement. When the question was put to me thuB directly I remembered I had last seen the dog aBleep under my study table. " Y ..I think lie's in the room now, I said, lifting the tablecloth. "Yes, here he is. Here Ghoet, Ghost." . ? My visitor uttered a wild shriek and sprung I "".At the same moment Ghost roused and alarmed ran out. He gave one look at my visitor, then uttering an unearthly yell flew out of the room ana dashed madly upstairs towards the bedrooms. ? _ ? , , , _ I was now thoroughly-upset myself and l wanted a pocket handkerchief to wipe my own | ^""^vill you be good enough to explain this extraordinary soene, sir. Is the dog yours*' I I exolaiined. . " YeB-er-he wae. Oh dear-how my heart's beating. Thank goodness hedidn't fly at"Are you afraid of thedog tiien?" "Afraid-good gracious. I ehould think so-why he's got hydrophobia." "What2" I yelled. ,, ' "YeB, be has-ho must have! Its all iny fault." I inoculated him with it and he got away." "Sir, are you mad?" I cried. " No-oh no-but it was a mad thing to do. I didn't want to tell you but it was my duty. If I'd heard that you or any of your household. had died of hydrophobia I kliould never have finf/'win luytell." ' Thedog has displayed no symptoms of: madness," I said, ".he's as quiet and gentle as pOSEibte'" , '*It -takes time to ,develop t* ^ has^ nob developed jot,.but it will, it must. It is an awful experiment.. I oughtn't to h&vodone; what I did. It was fortrue sake of seiwioe, but I have never slept Bince. I'm so glad he hasntw ten anybody. .' ' "You say you inoculated the dog. Willyou he good enough to. explain-rl^ must know <1 very thing, It is a most serious matter." " Yes. it is. I felt that or "I shouldn't have come bore. I am a great student of these matters, you know-1 analyze everything. I have discovered a cure for cancer, but you don't want to hear about that:" "No. I want to hear about the dog." "Well, I got him'from the Dogs' Home, and I thought ,1 would try Pasteur's experiment for myself.' I took the dog home, and having procured some viruf from a dog who had died of hydrophobia, I injected it under the skin of this dog, but I didn't have proper assistance and he got free. I was afraid of nis biting me, and opened the front door and let him out. Then 1 saw what an awful, thing I'd done. I ran after him. I didn't dare say anything, so I went back home and worried. I haven't slept properly since. I have been haunted by. the idea that I had given a dog hydrophobia, and let it loose on the world." "It was an infamous thing to do," I ex claimed indignantly. " Yes, of course it was, but I never meant to let the dog esoape. At any rate I have made all the reparation in my power. Now the best thing you can do is to have the dog killed before he does any mischief. Good morning." I was so astonished-to use a vulgar but expressive word, so flabbergasted-that I let the man get up and put on bis hat and walk out of the house without endeavouring to stop him. It was not until he had gone that I realized the situation in all its horror. Ghost was a dog with undeveloped hydrophobia-a dog with the deadly virus working in his veins. And he was still loose in my house. At any moment he might develop the terrible and fated disease; at any moment, in a iit of sudden madness, be might fasten his teeth in the flesh of one of my servants; he might fly at my own throat. As I realised the position, I felt the cold perspiration gathering on my brow. I sat for a moment paralyzed. I did not know what to do. I felt that I must keep the terrible secret locked in my own breast. To have told my servants would have been to fling them in a state of panic. The first thing to do was to rescue the dog. I opened my door, and stood in the hall and whistled and called, "Ghost, Ghost, Ghost," but no Ghost came. With a forced calmness I went to the ser vants' hall, and said quietly, " Have any of you iscen Ghost ?" One of them had seen him run upstairs after, the gentleman called,{but nobody had Eeen him einoe. I went upstairs on to the -second floor, and called "Ghost" again, but still no Ghost ap peared. Then I examined all the rooms, and looked carefully under the tables and sofas; then 1 went to the bedrooms, and looked care fully under the beds. There was absolutely no sign of Ghost anywhere. What was I to do. I couldn't leave a mad dog loose in the hotose. It was my duty in stantly to explain this, and prevent nim doing any mischief; but it was a case of the recipe of jugged hare-first oatch your Ghost. I searched every room of the house for nearly nn hour, and then I gave up the quest in des pair, and made up my mind that Ghost had left my house as mysteriously as he had entered it. I wondered what I ought to do under the circumstances. I made up my mind that with out alarming the public by advertisement, I liad better consult the authorities. I couldn't advertise, "Anyone meeting a white dog is requested to kill it, as it has been inoculated with hydvophobia." That would be to cause a panic, and to cause the death of some hundreds of innocent dogs. So I went to the police station and related the matter to the Inspector, and left him master to deal with it as saw lit. I spent the day out of doors, for I was too excited and nervous to do anything, but to wards night I made my way homo again. I had work to attend to, which was bound to bo done before the morning. My first task on reaching home was to ask if any one had seen Ghost. No one had. Satisfied that he was not in the bouse I sat down in my study, and was soon absorbed in the work I had in hand. About 11 o'clock the servants went to bed, and I was the only person sitting up in the house. I heard the dock strike midnight, and then that unaccountable creepy feeling which I have formerly described came upon me. The furniture creaked and creaked, and I felt that chill moist breathing on the nape of the neck. Instinctively-not for the moment knowing what I was doing, entirely forgetting the fear ful revelation whioh had been made to me that day-I put my hand under the table and whis jtered to an imaginary dog. . In a moment I felt a cold nose under my hand, and I sprang back with a cry of horror.. And gently wagging his tail, out from under the table crawled a white dog.-' It was Ghost. At that moment I was a prey to the most abject terror. I stared at the dog with eyes almost starting from my head. I had re treated to the fireplaoe, further retreat was impossible. And slowly towards me, nearer and nearer came the while dog. He must have concealed himself all day in some top room, one of the garrets or the lumber- room perhaps, and when all was quiet be must have -stolen down and gone to his usual place under my table. I was too absorbed in my work to bear him enter, and be had laid quietly dozing until now. Gradually I regained my self-possession. It was no good letting the dof see that I was afraid of him. He had - evidently no hostile intentions towards me..' But his affection was as dangerous.as h>B,amity. A mad dog can communicate hydrophobia by linking your hand.: I remembered with horror how often during the past week Ghost Jiad favoured me with that Bign of canine affeation. < 1 went to a drawer ih'my room where I kept an old pair of gloves; and I carefully draw them on-then I sat down and let Ghost come up to: me, and. with my gloved hand I patted his head and told him to go >and lie down again. He wagged his tail and went back under the table. " He has not developed any of theeymiitoms yet," I thought to myself,," but he may at any moment. It will .never do to let him come again. Ill secure .him tight, and to-morrow I'll fetch a veterinary surgeon And consult him as to what ought to be done." As soon as I was satisfied that Ghost was lying down again under the tyble I turned the gas down, crept to the door, went out, pulled it to, and then looked it, and put the key w my pocket. I then went npstairs, and put a note under the housekeeper's door, telling her that no one was to try and open the study door, as it was locked. I had left some papers about; that was the explanation I gave, as I did not want to raise on alarm about the dog. ? I then went tobed, but I could not sleep for hiiure. When \ did, I had ft moet terrible nightmare. I dreamt that a huge white dog 1 withflaminj? eyes ^vas sitting on my chest and ' endepyburing to lick my face,' wad I was trying to pffevept him because be was'mad. _ . nett.worning; I woke with a splitting headache; j '_.! went Sown to breakfast, and the servants £d!ame that I must have shut Ghost in tW'-lpfcudy, Bor he had been whining and sn&tahiilK; at thehandle of the <3&or.; ' (All right," I said, ?"?I'll let him out directly."; But instead of letting him out I putonmyliat and was just going off to fetch a surgeon from theRoyal Veterinary College like my friend Professor Pritchard, or my frieid Professor Axe, when the servant in formed ma that an Inspector of Police wished It .was" the Inspector to whom I had con fided my exciting adventure of the previous Boon as he had been shown into the dining-room he asked me what I had done with I told him all that had happened, and that the dog was at present locked in my study. I "That's all right," he said, " I thought perhaps you had had him killed." ... " You have ascertained something about tne gentleman who called here?" I said. "Yes. Sir, and that's why I have, come to see you. Directly you bad gone yesterday I instructed one of my men to_ make full en ouiries as it was such a seriouB and extra ordinary affair. The first thing we did was to trace the dog. It was evidently purchased aft the Does' Home about ten days ago. It had been found in the streets a day or two previ ously said not claimed. Somebody bad, bow ever, recognised it as a dog who had been seen about with a foreigner, a German gentleman who had chambers in the Strand. The gentle man bad gone abroad, and it is supposed lost the dog before he started and hadn't been to make enquiries or sent for it. .> At any rate it was detained, and when a gentleman-the curious-looking gentleman you described, for the description tallies-came and wanted a dog. This one was shovra to , him, and he bought it and took it away, leav ing his address in case the rightful owner should at any time make enquiries. " Furnished with that address wo continued I our investigation. Wo went to the house, and. ascertained that the gentleman who lived there alone with a man- servant had brought the dog home with him and taken it to his room. Some time afterwards the man heard the door open and saw ths dog fly out He happened to he standing at the front door, and the dog bolted past him. His master came down the stairs in a state of creat excitement and ran after the dog." , !tTT " The rest I know," I interposed. Ho ran after him as far as the Park, when ho lost sight of him. The dog evidently saw my front door open-my housemaid was out looking the area gate-rau in, and hid under my table, and lay thore quietly until I discovered him." "Yes," said the Inspector, " I expect thats about how it' happened j but let me finish my story. As soon as possible one of my men got hold of this man servant and pumped him about bis master. He wasn't inclined to be very communicative at first, but as soon as my man explained that it was a police en quiry he made no bones about telling the whole truth. - " His master is an ecoentric gentleman of fortune, and he himself is partly valet, t partly ; keeper. ? He lives in the house with lum and lookB after him for the family." 1 "A. madman!" I exclaimed. "I might' have known it, none but a madman would have tried such an hideous and awful experi ""'"well, not exactly a madman from what we have been able to ascertain," said the Inspeo-. tor, " but decidedly cracked, subject to hallu- j cinations. It seems that he has got one big bee in his bonnet, and that is that he is a great scientific investigator. He thinks he has dis- , covered a cure for cancers and a cure for con- I sumption. Ho reads the medical journals, and tries experiments in a room he calla his labora tory. Once or twice he neatly blew himself up j with cliemica's." '"But about the dog .' i " Well, it eeems lately he has been reading a great deal about hydrophobia' and Pasteur s experiments, and be conceived the idea that he would try and be the English Pasteur, so he went to the Dogs' Home, and got a dog to be gin with." ,. ? . | " Why did his keeper or his servant, or whatever you like to call him, allow such a thinp ?" . | "He hadn't the slightest idea what he was going to do, he says. He simply thought hed bought a dog and brought it homo. It was not till afterwards that he learnt lie d been trying experiments on it." "Where did he get the virus, or whatever the stuff is?" "My dear sir, he never got any at all. ! That's where his madness comes in." "What, do you mean to say he didnt do anything at the dog?' . J " Oil, yes, lie undoubtedly ran the point of a I needle into a dog, and that made the dog leap j up and bolt, and it was recollecting that needle made the dog howl and run away when the poor lunatic came to see you." "But the virus which was on the point of j the needle V,'... ? '"Nothing to hurt. It seemB that he tola his man ia day or ttfo ago to get him some j hydrophobia virus. If lie asked for, a bit of j the moon, the man would go out and bring him something. Ho always says that it is part _of 'hisduty. So'he went out and boiipfct a six penny bottle of Bum, mixed a little of it with flour and water, and put it in a little phial, and said he liad brought it from the College of Surgeons.w . , , M "Then, there was no virus on the needle? "Absolutely none. I have ascertained, beyond a shade of doubt that the faotsare as I tell them to you." I jumped up and ran to the study door and unlocked it. Ghost came bounding out, and followed me into the dining-room. "Here is the dog," I said. The Inspector stooped down and patted him. . u He ie a nice dog," he aaid*; and ,1 should say there is not an atom of virua a\x)ut him. At any rate, there ia no hydrophobia." , , He held his hand out, and the dog licked it. I was satisfied that the Inspector had ascer tained the truth of the story he'd told mo, G-bosfc, the white dog who came to meone night in such a mysterious way, is still & ip ember of my household, and he; still lie* at night under my study table while I am at work. I never saw the poor mad fellow, who gave ine. such a terrible flight, "again; and I am by &o; paeans .anxious to renew the honour of his acquaintance. - He gave me a very bad twenty-four noun, and mipht, had I been less cautious, have flung my household into a state of absolute panic. I am quite sure, had my servants ever kno wii the story, there is not one of them who would not have given me notice on the spot, and have fled from the presence of that terrible white dog; and they would probably have been haunted with the fear of developing sudden symptoms of hydrophobia for the rest of their natural lives. _ . _ , Uhoet, so far from suffering from the mad man's experiment, profitsd bv ft. .; fled in terror fromtno priekofiiUtiew master's needle chance Ip3 him to a liome.^here 14#; many gooiL qualities jure , appreciated, and: where ho wilrfceian honoured guest as long aa he lives. H6 is one of the few whose position has been materially improved by the hydro phobia scare. THR END. 