MR WALTER BENTLEY'gf SEASON. "HAMLET" AT THE GARRICK THEATRE. Although it is becoming the fashion for feTDincnt literary gentlemen to argue that Shakespeare's plays — the tragedies in par ticular — are not popular or suitable for presentation according to latter-day theat rical canons, there are not wanting evidences that as plays and us poems the world still has a fond regard for those writings, wliicln as Jonson said, " neither man nor muse can praise too much." Such an evidence was given in the spontaneous and hearty recep tion accorded to Mr. Walter Bentlcy, who .ibegari a season with "Hamlet" at the pGarrick Theatre on Saturday night. The '.audience was anything but a small or coldly- critical one; every part of the theatre was jwcll filled, and the top galleries accommo dated an assemblage as great in number land as enthusiastic as might be found at a (representation of the most fervent melo- fdrama. Indeed, these gentlemen, rccognis. hug that Hamlet is tlu legitimate ambition |Of every actor of note, rose high above all /others in welcoming Mr. Bentlcy 011 his first fditrv, and greeted him with a sustained roar of cheers, the warmth of which must have been as gratifying to the actor as it was surprising. The course of the ploy was. followed with the keenest interest, and the ' delivery of each famous speech was .followed by applause. Every testimony of approval was given, not only to Mr. Bentlcy Sfwhose call at the end of the play scene was pnade with terrific heartiness), but to the members of the cast generally ; and, inline, (Mr. Beutley's first Sydney appearance was .-emphatically a success. !> Mr. Beutley's Hamlet is a performance Avhicli encourages enthusiasm. Hamlet is an intellect of such wide scope that one might fwith some show of reason regard it as the universal expression of Shakespeare's mind Va very " sphere of humanity." Critics have Agreed long ago enough upon the arterial characteristics of tho prince as one 111 whom £(to quote Coleridge) the abstracting and tgcneralising habit prevailed over the practical — a man of learning, dignity, mobility and courage, who was possessed of /an evil spirit which made him reflect when die should act, and who, by virtue of this lone weakness, allowed the native hue of resolution to be sicklied o'er -with the pale . cast of thought. Such a Hamlet Mr. Bentlcy presents as nearly as au actor may embody J111 ficsh and blood that which in reality is incorporeal and above perfect embodiment. 3fis conception of lliunlcl takes most note of the gentleness and indignation of a man whose position is always exceptionally obiective to fate. Thus at the out set Hamlet is shown under the iufiuencc of grief for the loss of iiis father and the carlv forgctfulncss of his mother — fretting, not rebelling ; horrified by every thought of his mother's heedlessness, but apparently never thinldng of putting his thoughts into action. Following this keynote Mr. tBcntlcy puts infinite pathos into the pro- westing of Hamlet in the fine soliloquy, " Oh trthat this too too solid ficsh would melt ! " resolving everything in the tearful murmur, " It is not, nor it cannot come to good." The .concealed manliness of the character is shown 111 his activity and courage upon Horatio's report that he has seen tho spirit of the late king. Here the actor gives ex cellent effect to the rapid courage of the prince as well as to his grief at the recital of the king's "foul and most unnatural murder." At the same time, though Mr. Bentley observes nicely the gradual climax in a mind already attuned naturally and by accident to sorrow, his succession of moans while the Ghost is speaking arc not pleasant. Thcv do not enhance the expression of dis tress and they have an air of premeditation which somewhat spoils the acting. Decidedly the best effort in a performance which is remarkably even is that in the play scene, which is thrown into admirable prominence by tho almost genial greeting gLven by Hamlet to the players, and the con versational though emphatic manner in which the advice to the players is given — as >lf this, thougli au important matter, were /purely by the way and relatively of small (moment. Mr. Bentley assists the dramatic .effectiveness of the play scene by repeating Hhe " Thoughts black, hands apt, drugs fit " speech with the actor; and the scene ends suddenly with the king calling, "Lights, lights !" Hamlet, spurred up to action, re strained by his friends from killing him then and there, and the whole stage in confusion. Even Shakespeare may be improved by heightening the dramatic effect and this scene, smartly acted by all who took part in it, evoked very well-deserved bursts of ap. plause. Later, however, in at least one j>ar- tioular Mr. Beutley's revision involves au awkward cut, in that it eliminates those im portant lines in which Hamlet confesses to "a sore distraction." Other shades of character suggested most artistically were the generosity with which Hamlet greeted Rosencrantz and Guildenstcrn and his contemptuous anger upon discovering that they were sent to spy upon linn ; liis open love for Horatio, revealing softness and gentleness ; and his raillery of Polonius, in which madness, counterfeited by a mind itself almost unhinged, was cleverly depicted. The scenes with Ophelia, one of the greatest tests of au actor's Ilamlct, were notable for the depth of feeling they showed "All the Hamlets that I have over seen,'' said Lamb, " rant and rave at her as if she had committed some great crime." In this instance duo stress is laid upon Hamlet's Jove of Ophelia, whom lie treats with almost passionate tenderness, putting her from him 111 sorrow ratlior than in anger and looking rather than speaking his indignation at find ing Polonius an eavesdropper. The actor's phvsical qualifications for the part are many He has a voice tho occasional hardness of which suits well the satirical character of many of Hamlet's speeches, and capablo of modulation so us to express either tenderness or as near to geniality as Hamlet, sweeping over the wholo range of emotion, may go. Examples of his advantage in this way were to be found in hih delivery of the majestic lines " What a piece of work ' is man." There was in this, as well as in tho interruption " Ho was a man ; take him for all in all, I shall not look upon his like again," an air of frank enthusiasm which lent the words reality. Again in " What a rogue and peasant slave am I," as an elocu. tionist of power Mr. Bentley. was able to imbue tlio soliloquy with all its various shades of emotion and to suggest with great skill the gradual evolution of decision under pressure of censure and reproach self" promped by revenge. Then Mr. Bentley looks the character. As in tho acting he is none of your robustious bull-calves, who know 110 other way of expressing passion than by bellowing, so ho differs from, alas, too many Hamlets in appearance, being tall, well formed and decidedly well-looking. Alto gether his Hamlet is something to rcmcmberas a performance conspicuous for its humanity. Hamlet is tlio greatest and the most diffi cult character au actor ever attempted to plav. Volumes have been and still will be written upon that sore questiqn of real or allccted madness, which is as insoluble as the identity of the Mau in the Iron Mask or the authorship of Junius' Letters. Leav ing aside such doubts, aud attending only to the incomparable grandeur of " Hamlet " as tho greatest work of one to whom life, to all others a far-distant panorama, was a picture -under the microscope, it is more than satis factory to meet with an actor in whom the mere skill of tho -player is influenced by a keen appreciation of the poet. Tho cast, speaking generally, was a strong ono, noticeable for tho strength in which the older school was represented. But tho old school had its actors to whom succession is in sorno cases exceedingly difficult. . For instance, one could hardly wish for a better Polonius than Mr. Lachlan AFGowau, whoso work was remarkable for its rieli humor Judiciously preserved from buffoonery. And it is absolutely certain that within t reasonable number of journeying days tho equal of Mr. W. F. Clithorow as the hirst Gravcdiggcr could not havo been found, This, indeed, wu3 an admirable per formance which stood out prominently spite of tho smallness of the port, and may j be commended as a noble lesson to clowns. j Mr. William South's Ghost, it must be suid> : savored something too much of a portentous and heavy style. Miss Laura Hansen may : be a very good Ophelia in time, but at present lacks the power of repose and is in clined to be amateurish. The increased power of her acting as the play went on, however, appeared to indicate that Miss Hansen was only suffering from curable nervousness. Mr. H. K. Roberts did well us Laertes — exceedingly well, when it is re membered that his undoubted talent has for years only been allowed fitful vent in melo dramatic low, comedy parts; and the King and Queen were efficiently represented by Mr. Ireland and Miss Watt-Tanner, Among the less important of the dramatis pcraomn Miss Grace Hamilton was an ideal watcrfly Oaric, and the play-sccnc was distinctly im proved by the steadiness and earnestness of Miss May Ellis as the Player Queen. Nor must Mri Harry Hill's intelligent represen tation of Horatio be passed over. The play, as mentioned above, " went excellently. Applause was not stinted, either to Mr. Bentley or his coadjutors, and there was a call at tho end of every act. People who delight in Shakespeare played smartly, and at the same time with due respect to tho power of his characterisation and sublime poetry, will find much pleasure in Bccing " Ilamlct" at the Garrick during the five nights over which it is to run. 