The Blotting Pad. Though many times We've jangled rhymes To raise your mirth and laughter, Life's not ell smiles, And fortune's wiles Oft lead to weeping after; The sick, who nei A friend indeed To lessen all their sorrow, Will wish new joy To every boy Who wears his sash to-morrow. All we who rest With health still blest— Without assistance needing— With feelings stirred A voice bave heard For others troubles pleading ; Tbe real friend Will firmlylend Aid be may one day borrow, And peace enjoy— As will each boy Who wears his sash to morrow. We know who aaid Those wantipg aid Would be with us forever— Aid them/' said He, " lis done to Me "— And tis forgotten never ; Let every man Do all he can . To lessen human sorrow ; May cares annoy No worthy boy Who • wears bis • sash to-morrow. « Although the Hospital Parade of Sunday is nomin^ly Out of Granville, it is to be hoped the ranks of the brethren of every Order repre sented will be swelled by members ot the —io most caees—stronger branches of Parramatta. The history of ruch efforts proves tbat a good procession goes far towards making the effort successful. It excites attention, arouseB interest, and assists in getting people to throw off indolence, and roll up to the united aervior. The speakers there may ba left to the work of inducing people to contribute, but-it ia quite certain that their eloquence will have no effeot on those who do not hear it. Besides this there ought to be esprit ic corpt enough among mem bers of the various benefit societies to induce every one of them to feel bound to see to it tbat his Order shows well as compared with the rest. These societies are among the moat gratifying productions of tbe fast dosing century, and tbey never show to more advantage than when proving that the charity which baa brought them all into existence, though lit begins at home does not stay there. • • s And, talking' of Granville, it will be remem bered tbat next week candidates have to bo nominated to fill tbe seat from which Mr. 3. Bennett was put recently in accordance with tbe law relating to non-attendance at . Council meetings.. We have not heard whether Mr: Bennett intends coming forward again, hut he will poll well if he does. He had several tries before he got io tbe firsttime, and is not a man to be easily bluffed. It is openly stated that at least two other ratepayers are on the warpath. One is Mr. " Harry " Lane, an old and popular resident; and tbe other Mr. Cunningham, also possessed of many friends. By the wqy, it was tbe latter who endeavoured to have last year's Hospital Sunday made a Saturday of, ana suggested that ministers be.dispensed with at thi service. He was only anticipating events since, down Ash fieldway, tbe parsons all struck, and dispensed with themselves. Anyway, Mr. Cunningham had the courage of his opinions. • * • There , is legitimatu ground for complaint against the Commissioners, or whatever they are called, who arran«e the comet's time-table. It was fitstannounced as due at the terrestrial station last Monday week, but subsequently, owing to some back-door influence on tbe part of the residents of Jupiter, its arrival was postponed till l"Bt Monday. And now the latest information is to the effect that it is still somewhere on tbe line on tbis side the -Andromeda platform. We respectfully submit that this fs playing it low down on those whose business arrangements are effected by the delay. Of course, any layman who dares Ic criticise the transit or traffic arrangements is certain of being snubbed, bnt, despite the possibility, we are bound to point out the danger that must result from this want of punctuality. In a general way, the planetary system works, as we all know, with the regularity of clookwork. To this alone can be attributed the freedom from accident which if juBtly the pride of the service. But if these specials are to be allowed to come blundering along at'times not set down, for them there will, sooner or later, be a sen- sational catastrophe, and cause for a searching, inquiry. Any mention of the eky is just now distasteful to our own Commissioners, but their best, friends have latterly been looking skyward for aa explanation. « * * One sees funny things in advertisements, even in newspapers, sometimes, but for pure, unadulterated comicality one needs to study those often ranged round programmes, handbills, and tbe like, as a means, of defraying some portion of the cost'of their printing. -One issued this', week bears an announcement of a certain butcher, which ends with'the line "All freetrade and temperance meat." This may he humor, of course, but it is not to labelled. -If meant ss earnest, what does it mean? Does the knight of the cleaver refaae to take the money of those who have forsworn Oobden and all his works, and deny the'ran of his shop to those who took upon/the wine wben it is any particular color f -One can -of course underistand that-the beef was piodnoed in accordanoe, with temperasoeprinciples,«inca all neat cattle are,WB i>elieve, etanbeh teetotallers. Bat their fiscal principles have never before been insisted «pOB. If the announcement is only meant to convey that the vendor ia an abstainer, and pre* lens foreign made goods, it is going a long .way round to tell the local world what it probably' does not care two etraws about knowing,-and • without any stretch of imagination it may be ' taken as as . jnaolt to follov-citiEeni who'hold .different views from their butcher. .Such cumbersome fooling is more likely .to. act in the direction of restricting trade than any other. W«:il>elin8 to the belief tbat it is an attempt to win'nny^: And it is bsrd to j»a funny at times. Wipknowthat, • • j V,'-.< \- - .. • y:.:-'i,-; -rt. auwrnm'-fii e Tbe refusal of the Minister of Justioe to inUrfere - in ihe esse of tbe "Port Glasgow *••mutineers,though -possibly - technically in accordance with law iuwlsstiiiiaun opportunity. There was at least prima facie evidenoe of a miscarriage of justioe before him, and tbat such a captain oouldsucceed in soch an'action shows that something; -is wrong somewhere. The men have been taken back to the vessel by the captain, hut are really as much in custody as ever, the only difference being tbat tbey now have their accuser as their gaoler. Pending the ooming enqairy it would not he wise to say much ab to the merits of tbe case, though it is clear justice hss not been done. If the men did what they are charged with, they ought to be at hard labor. If on the other hand theCSBO is as tbey say, the master of the vessel ought to try some other occupation. .The days when sea captains conld aot aa some of those of Clark Russell do nought surely to be over. At all events we in-'Auatralia ought not to assist in perpetuating them. * • * • * The newly-disoovered method of peering into fnlucity which baa given .us books like " Looking Backward," "Looking Forward," " Cesar'* Column," and the like, is very useful and we at times use the apparatus. We wererocently enabled by it toconsnltsdictionary ofderivatiouapublished, or to bepubliahed, about t year 1992, and found some diverting reading. The colloquial expression or expletive 'Great Scott" was—or will be—still in oommon use, and its derivation is given aa follows:—Tbis expression is not, as was formerly supposed, a corruption or softened form of a profane expletive, bat is derived from the name of an exceedingly pompous official who at one time upheld the naval power of Great Britain in the southern hemisphere. So inflated was his style, and so tenacious was he of hiB personal dignity, that hisname oame to betaken as a synonym for bumptiousness. Hence 'Great Scott* came to be used much in the same way as 'Julius Caisar's Ghost,'. 'Hairy Parkes!' and other mora or less vulgar expletives, all of a somewhat similar character. The Neo- Austtftlian tbngue is rich 'in ^similar perpetuations of pioneers' patronymics. Our familiar title of ^Charlie,' as applied to mayors of towns, is connected with a civic dignitary who secured perennial re-election to the chief magistracy of Parramatta (q v.)" • * * And from a Scott we have come .to a Smith! This Smith .business i* getting'overdone. It is true we never had a Ministry like that in Victoria, which confined four SmithB and two Joneses.' Our Joneses, by the' way, get distinguished in another fashion. Bat we have had Qbv'ernorSmith, and Primate Smith, and now an Admiral Smith. Probably we may never see a Cardinal Smith, but a Premier Smith is on the card*. 01 course the gubernatorial Smith called himself Carrington, and Episcopal Smith writes his name with " Saumarez " as a prefix. Naval Smith, we note, hyphens " Bowden " in front in the same way. These people always remind us of our old friend Tennyson Smith, the journalist, on the Sydney press of years gone by, who now carries on the same old game over.a border (nevermind which.) They used to say of him that his name differed from bis poetry, inasmuch as in the former there.was more Tennyson than Smith, and in the latter more Smith thin Tennyson. And yet after all there is more excuse for these hyphened prefixes than for the almost obsolete lengthening of the eupbonioue monosyllable into "Smythe.',' That went out in the colonies when " B. Brough 8myth," in the witness box, owned tbat his name when he landed in Melbourne was Robert Smith tout court. 