the christian contention. The convention for the deepening of the spiritual life, which commenced in the Centenary-hall, York-street, on Tuesday, was continued yesterday with Evident signs of a growing interest. The proceedings be. i gan as early as 7 o'clock in the morning, when a prayer meeting was held, presided over by Mr. Millard, who gave a siiort address on the words "Jesus Himself," and at which there was an attendance of about 100. At 10.30 tho convention was continued under the presidency of tho Rev. G. C. Grubb, M.A., who was supported on the rostrum by Revs. Dr. Porter, J. East, Harrison and John Watsford, of Victoria ; W. G. Taylor, Rainsford Bavin, J. Walker, C. Moon and J. B. Anderson. The atten dance filled the body of the hall and tlio upper gallery, and included an unusually large number of clergymen of all denomina tions. The proceedings were opened with silent prayer, followed by the singing of a hymn and the reading of a portion of Scrip ture by the president, with a brief exposi tion. Rev. Dr. Porter gave the first address, basing his remarks on tlio 3rd Chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Ephcsians. Ho dealt with the question of spiritual develop ment—growing in grace. The more Christians grew in grace, ho said, the less they thought of themselves. To be filled with tiie spirit of God meant victory over self. This perfect domination of God over men's souls neces sarily came through the fulness of the Holy Ghost — "strengthened with might by His spirit in the inner man." The Holy Ghost came to reveal Jesus Christ. He had nothing else to do thau to reveal and magnify Hini. The effect of the indwelling of the spirit wus to fill the heart with love. It took away bigotry and sectarian narrowness and helped men to love one another. When Jesus that dwelt in the heart Christians would bo something more than Wes- leyans or Baptists or Presbyterians. The love of God was like the city, four square, and whichever way it was turned it showed the same height and depth and breadth aud length. The speaker elucidated liis poiuts with several apt illustrations. One, having reference to an old lady who wont to hear her new parson, caused con siderable amusement. After the service she was questioned as to her opinion of the sermon, und she replied that she had enjoyed it very much. " But did you under stand it 7 There was such a lot of meta physics about it." " Oh yes," she replied, it was meat and physic to me all the time I was listening." Rev. C. Moon next offered prayer, and was succeeded by Rev. RainsforclBaviii, who gave an impressive exposition of the third chapter in Revelations. The proceedings then merged into an informal prayer meet ing. At the afternoon session there was an at tendance of probably 2000 people, botli the galleries being filled. There wus only one address, that by the president, who confined himself mainly to a commentary on St. John's version of the miracle of the wine at the wedding feast at Cana of Galilee, and an ex planation of the three indispensable condi tions upon which Christ " showed fortli His glory." These wore, the guidance of God, intimate communion with God, and implicit, immediate, and unquestioning obedience. The speaker's exposition of the miracle was in many respects original. He pointed out that only the water that was actually poured out for use became wine, and tiiat there wus reason to believe that the large quantity remaining in the vessels unused was unaffected by the miracle. " Wine," he went on to say, " as referred to in the New Testament was symbolical of earthly joy," and then pointedly asked, " Have you been finding out where your wine is failing you? Are you after all really a failure? Have you written 'failure' over your life? The wine of the world always did fail, but the wino which Jesus gave was always good. The best draught of wine the Christian could have was not the glory of Heaven, not the joy or the peace of Heaven, not immunity from sin in Heaven, but Jesus Christ Himself. At the conclusion of the address the Revs. J. Walker, J. B. Ander son, J. Watsford aud Grubb led the devo tions with prayer. The evening meeting was of a remarkable character. The large hull ivas crowded long before the hour for commencing the service, necessitating another overflow meeting in the lower hall, conducted by Rev. J. E. Harrison and Mr. Bidiakc. The larger meeting was presided over by Rev. G. C. Grubb. Prayer having been offered by the Rev. W. Scott, Mr. Grubb asked the con gregation to join liim in reading the 103rd Psalm, commencing " Bless the Lord, O my soul," " verso about, " after the manner adopted in the ordinary services of the Anglican Church. Upon this portion of Scripture Mr. Grubb based bis subsequent address. He desired his audience to notice tiie live tilings David blessed God for, as set forth in tins Psalm. Like good music, his song began and ended on the same tonic note, and it was written in tlio major key. A good many Christians sang their songs in a minor key, but when they got redemption they changed to the major key. Rev. Dr. Porter followed with a powerful address, based on tho third chapter in the Epistle to tiie Colossians, more especially on the words " Christ is all and in all." In the life of the Christian, lie said, the past was provided for by the " blood," the present was provided for as our life, while the futuro was provided for in the hope of the futuro. Rev. John Watsford, " the friend of the cannibals" as tlio president introduced liim, gave tile con cluding address. Throughout a spirit of deep interest was manifested, and such ejaculations as "Amen" and "Glory to God " were frequent. The singing also was a feature of tho service, and at the close hundreds of the people seemed loth to leave the hall, but finally contented themselves with sinking a number of revival liymns out side in the street. Tiie convention will be continued to-day at 7 and 10.30 a.m. and 3 and 7.30 p.m. 