SMILES. I-4- T?E gambler who follows his ante is often obliged to hunt up his uncle. A good many bank cashiers are liko guns well ioaded when they go off. . A very poor actor having played the part of the ghost in 'IHamlct' for many years, Saphir, the German wit, on seeing him, said: 'It would be a good thing if this man gave up the ghost,. o'that somebody elso could take his part.' 'When you see a man,' said Uncle Judo, 'so 'tiC'lar that he never takes a glass o' water without looking through it for hinseocts, don't trust lhim, fir thalt man is on hisway to a drunkard's grave.' Ho: 'A-the fact is, I don't carm for popularity. I oeily wish my books to be ad mired by those whoso admiration is really worth having !' She : ' And who areothey F' H-o: 'Those who admire my books i' Watts: ' Did Bingley over accomplish his intention of getting even with the girl clerk who beat him out, of his situation by offering to do tliohe work at a smaller salary?' .Potts: ' I rather think lie did., Io married her and she is supporting'tlhem both. Tominy (inqufiingly)--"fmamma, is this hair-oil in this bo tle ?" Mamma-" Mcercy, no! That's mucilage." Tdmmy (noncha lantly)-?" I guess that's why I can't get my hat off." Manager of variety show (furiously) "What's the meaning of all this delay in the show?" Mr. Patsy O'Rourke (Fiji Chief) "Plaze, sor, the performin' goat has ate up all the paper cannon-balls, and the shtrong man can't go on with his par-r-t ?" Mr. Figg (improssively)-" Hero is an no count in the paper of one more boy who went into the river on Sunday and got drowned." Tomn'y-" I 'spect his folks kept him so busy through the weokegoin' to school and runnin' errants thmit he did~'t have no chance to learn to swim." I 'Supposing I lecidcd to let you havo the money, how do I know that I shall got if' back at the time .you mention ?' asked Sted digo. 'I promise it, my boy, on the word of agentleman,' replied Blluffum. ' AhL, in that case I might think better of it. Come round this evening and ring him with you.' 'I wish you would let me look among your imbeeile patients? said a man to? the Super intendent. of an Ilsano Asylum. 'I have a job I can give the man who had the least vestige of mind.': 'Indeed! Whant is it?' 'I want him to suggest names for rhcc horses.' y 'I am.innocent, your IHonor. lHeaven is. my witoess!' 'I am sorry,' returned the sympathetio Justice, 'Your witness is beyond the jurisdictidn of the Court. Five years.' A resident who" reached home byl a noon train, after an absence of two weeks, was mot at the station by his eight-year-old son, who loudly welcomed hiinm. ' And is everybody well, Willie ?' asked his father. .'The wellest kind,' replied the boy. 'And nothing. has happened ?' 'Nothing atk all. T' Ive been good, Jennie's been, and I never saw ma be have herself so well as she has this time.' A shoemaker advised a customer, when he complained of his new boots being tight, not to put them on until he had worn them for a day or two. H-Iunanity appears. to be very unequally divided between those who can't stand pro sperity and those who can't get any to stand. Y'ou soldem see a man so honest ?that he says to his wife '"Where did I leave my hat?' He usually says, ' Where did you put it?' * "?uorn Juno 29, 1829; died July 11, 1849."' Just think, Ethel, poor thing, she was only twenty. Sad, isn't it?' .' Oh, I don't know. Think how old she'd be if she'd lived-and how awfully old-fashioned !' 'What becomes of the clothes pins?' is the newest housebold conundrum. That's easy; they 'get, three sheets in the wind'< and ' go off on a tear.' .. . A book agent had the misfortune to break his leg at a camp-meeting, and while the sympathisers were gathered. around as two surgeons set the limb he sold three copies of his book. A coloured blacksmith was shoeing a mule not long ago, when the animal disengaged it self and drove one of its hind feet against the negro's head, with the force of a battering ram. A few days afterwards someone asked the owner if the blacksmith sustained severe injuries. ' I can't say he did,' responded the man' dejectedly, ' but the mule goes on three legs.', .: -.i' ,; . .. . ':-:Farmer-(returning honie \ from market rather jolly,. seeing a rustic on a donkey)': SHallo,'my mans how much foryour donkey's tail?P::. Rustic (old, man in smock, looking at himn some time) :! 'Well, gove'nor, I'll ax a good price, as I see it's the only thing thee wants to finish thee.' - . ' It seems to me that you ask a pretty good price for this parrot.' ' Yes, but you know he belonged to one of the best families.' 'How do you know?' 'He'always talks when anyone begins to sing.' Doctor: 'How is the baby.?' Mrs. Jinks,: ' Offal bad, sir. Last night the poor, little thing was took dreffloe. First she would clinch her hands, and then she would say "A-h-h," just like a human being !' A boy is a chile much longer wid his mudder den he is wid his fadder. A'stone bruise dat he would take ter his fadder, an' show wid a air ob pride, he will take tor his mudder an' show it wid a whine. A gentleman received an unpaid letter, commencing: 'Sir, your letter of yesterday bears upon its face the stamp of falsehood.' Ho answered : ' Sir, I only wish your letter of yesterday bore upon its face a stamp of any kind.' Housekeeper: ' How's this ?. Youpromised to. saw some wood if I gave you a lunch.' Tramp : ' I recall no such promise, madame.' ' The idea ! I told you I'd give you a lunch if you'd saw some wood, and you agreed.' 'Pardon mo, madame. Your exact words were, " I'll give you a lunch if you saw that wood over there by the gite." 'Exactly. That's just what I said.' ' Well, madame, I saw that wood by the gate as I came in.' The story wvhich is told of Lincoln, that when somebody complained that General Grant imbibed too much, ho asked where that kind of liquor could be bought, for he would like to send some of it to his other generals,.was first heard in the time of George II. When- someone told him that General Wolf was mad, he replied, ' Oh, mad, is he ? Then I wish he would bite the rest of my officers.' . ' Is this woman your wife ?' asked the jus tico of a coloured man, and pointing to a woman. 'Is what my wife ?' 'Is that womani your wifo ?' ' I don't see no 'oman. I sees a lady, an' do lady is my wife.' ' Is this man .your husband?' asked the justice of the woman. ' Dat gon'lcman is my hus band.' ' Well, ladies and gentlemen, I have investigated this case, and have decided to send this lady and gentleman to gaol for six months.' . A former vicar of a country parish notfar from Sheffield was a gentlemani distinguished for his learning and tor tho position ho took at Cambridge. One day a visitorto the village got into conversation with one of the parishioners, 'and the talk turned to the vicar. 'Your clergyman,' said theo visitor, ' is a very able man. Why, he is a Wrangler.' ' I never heard that,' was the reply of the villager, ' but his missus is !' ' Can I see the lady of the house ?' inquired a pediar. 'Well, yes, you can if you ain't blind,' snapped thl woman who had answered the boll. ' Oh, beg pardon, mum. You are the lady of the house then ?' ' Yes, I am; what d yer take me for. Did yor think I was the gentleman of the house, or the next door neighbour, or one of the farn hands, or the 'cat?' ' I didn't know, munn, but you might be tho youngest daughter.' 'Oh, did yer. Well, that was nat'ral too,' replied the lady of the house. ' What d'yo want, sir ?' Then thb pedlar displayed his wares, and when he left that doorstep his face was full of pleasure and his pockets were full of money. Ho understood human nature. 