THEIASTER oflOYHA J Eop Love's Sweet Sake. ' CHAPTER I. A wild, wet evening in that remote county whose magnificent coast — mag nificent beyond all words — enfolds so many a tract of weird, unvaried deso- lation. A wild, wet evening on the Lizard coast, with the sea-mist creep ing stealthily inland. But, though the mists are dense and dangerous there, as surely in no other spot in England, they had no power to frighten or dis turb a woman standing upon the pile of rocks that crown Pen Olver — the only human figure in that wild, wide scene. Dim and tall and unutterably solitary it looked against the dull grey sky — lonely with the loneliness of the seaitself. So still the woman stood among the rocks, one mighc have fancied her one of the Druids, who, in far off Celtic days, had made these stones their altars, and as vague and dim, wrapped in the even ing mist, as is tho history of such a spot as this, where even wonder fails to reach. She never turned, nor even Btarted, when now and then the hollow sound of tho fog-signals from the Lizard went out warningly to sea, or when, in tho little cove far down be low her, the waves rolled in with one sudden ominous voar, which broke tho monotonous calling of the distant sea, as the booming of a cannon would break the shooting of a rifle battalion. Steadily the mist came on, enveloping the mighty headland ; und the woman, glancing inland, saw the storm-cloud gather over the little town. Knowing this coast so well, she knew that as it settled the whole scene around her would be oblitered ; yet still she waited, and still with that indefinable expression of its being very natural to her to wait. The line of flags upon the signal- station just behind her lost their form and color, seeming only a splash of cloud behind the mist ; even the great beacon-lights looked blurred and dim, like a bright memory lost in tears ; and presently one little light, carried bravely by a passing vessel, was sud denly lost, as if the hungry sea had Bwallowed it. Then, as if the fading of that moving light had roused her or reminded her, she turned from her long waiting, and, after covering her eyes for a moment, as if they were dazzled by their long gaze into the mist, walked swiftly to the signal- station. The light within confused her for a moment as she entered, but a girl wrapped in a long waterproof, who was just leaving the office, paused and spoke to her unquestioned. " No answer yet," she said ; but without both the "sing-song" in her voice and the innate courtesy of the Cornish people. " I'm off duty now, but the other clerk knows you're wait ing." "Thank you," the woman said, without a smile or nod, and turned and went out again into the wet evening gloom ; while the girl-clerk, bending her head against the rain, hurried up the cliff' above the station to the cottage where she lodged, and where the sight of a bright fire and her waiting tea scattered from her memory all those puzzled surmises, nourished in the dulness of an almost idle day in the telegraph-office, caused by the visit of this grave and quiet woman, who was so anxious for the answer to her tele gram. Slowly pacing backwards and for wards now before the station door, the woman wore through another waiting hour ; and in every moment — just as in that long motionless pause upon the cliff — there was the indescribable evi dence of a great doggod patience. Once or twice she turned, fancying she heard the opening of the door, but the next moment resumed her slow and measured walk. A full hour had passed, when she once more entered the telegraph-office, and at that very minute the clerk was fastening the envelope containing her message. " I wish you had waited in here," he said, glancing from her wot cloak into her cold and colorless face. " 'Tis u wislit night for walking tho oliffs, Rest a little now.' The answor was only a quiet dull refusal, with brief thanks; and, to J);c ck. I.'s surprise, his visitor never attempted to make use of the light to read her telegram, but closed her fingers over it and went quietly away. There was no loitering in her step now, though once or twice she stopped suddenly, as she might have done if she had heard a call upon her name. But the next moment she started hurriedly again, with a half smile, as if she wondered at herself for being even once imposed on — she knowing it so well — by that deception of tho sea- mist, which made a mock of sound as well as sight, sometimes bringing near her what was distant, and sometimes taking away what really was quite near. The hedges, to which she kept so close, looked unreal and distant, and the few stunted trees, dim and ghost-like, were invisible till she was close upon them, and ' then were swallowed up suddenly as she seemed to reach them. When she had passed' through the last field, and crossed the last awkward Cornish stile, she heaved a sigh of relief, as if it were good — for all her long, long gaze upon it — to have left the mourn ing sea behind her, with that thought of the many,' many years it had sobbed itself in wild unrest against the rocks it could not melt. Trying to put this thought away as she walked on rapidly through the little ehuroh-to'.vn, half sleeping in the mist, she once ' or twice answered a frank " Good night " from a passing fisherman, or from a woman at her cottage gate. But her step grew quicker presently when she wa3 put upon . the road that crossed the downs, no sound near her save the whirring of the telegraph wires above her. At last — .never seen till it was close upon her — a man's figure loomed out of the chill cloud in front of her, and then — long, as it seemed, after his short signal whistle had sounded — there came into sight, blurred and big and indistinct, a vehicle, with a candle burning with a dying glare in the socket of one lamp. " I am ready," the woman said ; but instead of taking her seat .she stood down in the road beside the gig and opened the paper in her hand, where the lamplight would fall upon it. She had only two words to read, but louder than that monotonous vibration of the wires above her, louder even than had sounded tho rolling of the surf as she stood on the cliffs, or the booming of the fog signals, those two words echoed and re-echoed now in the mist around her — " Too late I" - The face bent over tho slip of colored paper was pale and anxious in the candlelight — a peculiar face it was, with a scar on one temple — the lips were cold and tightly pressed ; but yet the down-bent eyes had no look beyond their patient steadfastness, even when she tore the paper to fragments, just once repeating, below her breath, those two brief words in which her long-expected answer came — " Too late !" A lofty chamber, the ceiling of which rose to a pointed arch, where the ricli carving of four centuries before was almost hidden. A room so spacious that the great square bed, with its heavy velvet hangings, looked almost insignificant against the inner arched wall, while tho whole of the outer one formed a single window, in the high arch of which the cluster of armorial bearings shone in brilliant hues, like a gorgeous tropical island, from a thousand tiny diamond panes of palest green, beyond which the sea really rose and fell, giving them its own deeper hue, and something even of its own life and motion. A splendid room, yet marred by strange and striking incongruities Though there was such ample breadth of hearth on either side tho vaulted room, there burned but tho very feeblest and most unhealthy fire oil one only of tho wide hearths, its light scarce touching' the handsomo chimney- shafts. Though the mantels held a lavish and pompous display of heraldic insignia, they bore no work of modern art, or emblem of a living cultured taste. Though the wide uncarpeted oak floor shone smooth as glass with ago and polish, there lay no rugs and furs in luxury about it. Though upon the fading tapestry there came first the names and arms and history of the founder of a grand old family, and then repeated feats of prowess with tho samo name ever re curring, yet in the few books that , lay about there was no repetition of this name. Though the carved medallions represented forms and figures with one strong indefinable resemblance throughout, yet there was little like ness to any fo'rm or face among them, or to any painted, carvod, or broidered face around him, in the sole occupant of this room. It was an old man, sitting propped by pillows in the curtained bed that faced the colored light, powerless just now, yet unresting in his eager, ner vous vitality, his eyes keen and alert under a close fitting black silk cap, the sinewy fingers turning over and over, yet never unfolding, a letter that they held — an old man, and aged still more by the hurry of a grasping nature than by the even and unhindered speed of time alone. " Not come ?" he questioned irri tably, without using a name or its equivalent, as he turned and fixed his eyes upon a man-servant who entered tho room and went forward to stir the smouldering fire. " No, sir — not yet." "Thon. you could not have sent when I ordered you." " I sent at once, sir, the man answered with a certain tone of super ciliousness in his respect ; " but Sir Piers was from home — -as I told you, sir." " Then send again." The tone was auspicious — a tone that a good servant is sure to resent — and the man walked from the room without a reply, followed by bis master's shrewd, distrustful gaze. Left alone again, the old man lifted tho letter near his eyes, and read the address loud, with a smilo lurking on his thin tight lips, but a cold and ugly glitter in his eyes. Presently, in the quietness, sleep fell upon him, and the light behind the high arched window was growing dim a little — though one gorgeous splash of color lay upon tho floor — when he awoke, glancing around the room with quick consciousness of a change in it. It did not look greatly changed either. He saw only a young man, bare-headed, though in riding-boots, half lounging and half sitting on an old carved chest against the wall on one side of the bod', and three dogs near him. And yet — aud yet the room was changed, almost us an instrument is changed under a master's hand. The young man was still as the forms upon the tapestry behind him, and the three dogs lay as motionless near his feet as the carved animals up there in the dim recesses of the vaulted roof ; yet .something in the silent figures gave the room a harmony it had not had be- forq. For a few moments old Revel Hardress gazed unnoticed into the young man's thoughtful face ; then his grim lips relaxed, as if the sight pleased him a little, but- in a rather cruel way. " I took the liberty of sending for you, Sir Piers," he said, with a very mockery of deference in his tone, " even at the risk of incurring your dis pleasure, as I usually do." The young man's eyes, when he lifted them, had less of displeasure in them than of utter indifference, but the tranquil, rather haughty, tone was stirred a little, as if by amusement. " You are right, as usual," he said ; "but I have come at your request. Have you much to say to me ?" "No — not much," the old man answered, seeming to weigh each word. "Peter told you of this let- ter .?'.. "Yes.'1 " He said," Mr. Hardress went on, intently watching the young man's handsome, indifferent face, " that you made no remark at all.'' "Did I not? I should not have given myself credit for such a prudent reticence.'' "Sir Piers Tresillyan." the old man interposed testily, " I intend in this case to inflict the heaviest punishment the law allows." " Doubtless." "And," Mr. Hardress continued, noticing this interruption only by a momentary hesitation, " the law allows a peculiarly heavy punishment for this offence. But before wo speak more of that, and before I tell you why I asked you to como to me here, where I am at present tied, I want to hear the truth of this strange tale they tell me. I'm used to hearing strange tales of you, Sir Piers Tresillyan, just as I'm used to hearing strange opinions from you, in our too brief inter course." " How would it be . to come to tho point 1" suggested the young baronet, his eyes darkening proudly, yet his tone simply one of rather careless amusement. For, though tho old man's nature, in its seriousness, won from him sucli supreme contempt, yet was it not almost amusing to detect so readily the warring of two mean pro pensities — one to pay fawning homage to high birth, the other to show arrogant superiority over one on whom ho pressed his heel with such unwavering heaviness ? " They tell me what I find some difficulty in believing," Revel Hardress said, his eyes half closed in his paltry enjoyment of a meditated stab, " that some fools attempted a burglary at the Mine House the other night." "Pools of course, to attempt the Mine House when the castle is so n.ear, but then you see the wealth of the castle is too nobly defended." " And they say," the old man went on, with an involuntary glance of wonder into the careless refined face, as his . thoughts rested for one brief second on tho young man's home, " that you surprised the villains and captured them with your own hand." " Only one." " You positively attacked them in the dark, not knowing how many there might be ?" " Nor how few." " Rubbish !" sneered Mr. Hardress. " There could not, in. any case, have been less than one, and the chances were for more. It was a presumptuous courting of danger," "It was nothing of the kind," Sir Piers Tresillyan answered, stooping to gently rouse one sleeping dog with the handle of his whip. " I heard a step in- my steward's office, for which— rat two a.m. — I could not easily account, so I went to look into it." "You enjoy looking into places — and things, don't you, Sir Piers?" queried the old man, glancing shrewdly from the tall easy figure to the keen intelligent face. "Go on, please." "There is nothing worth tolling. The thief was alone, and not so strong j as myself," " One way of putting it. But there is more to tell, I think. You com mitted him to gaol of course ? You upheld the law, as a gentleman of title should ?" i " Oh, I upheld the law of course 1 " rejoined Tresillyan, with a laugh in his beautiful dark blue eyes, " Would I venture now into the presence of a merciful magistrate, if I had left her to uphold herself 1 I sent tho would- be thief to Bodmin. Could even you havo done more wisely, Har dress?" " I would havo sent him, and have left him there," was thepromptanswer; " but I heard far otherwise of you. What was the use of your courage, or your ready moans of capture, when you were to undo it all the next day ? What on earth induced you to go up to Bodmin yourself and look into the rascal's story?, You knew enough ofi it, I should think." " But what you were to think did not affedt toe in the slightest," Tresil lyan answered tranquilly. " I had a fancy for hearing something from the man himself, whom I had known long ago on my own land. And I heard a story sad enough to have, made you exult over its likeness to- — - Bah ! What'havo I to say of it to you ? It was a history of misfortunes and sufferings which had made a man reck less, even while - health and strength and youth were left him." "You believed it?" ' " I believed it and proved it," the baronet answered briefly. " And then ' "And then I obtained his release and a berth off board a vessel bound for Sydney." " And yet I've heard it said," de liberated Mr. Hardress, smiling as if the idea wore hard to grasp, " that Sir Piers Tresillyan is no fool." "A falsehood, Hardress," was the careless answer, " or Sir Piers Tresil lyan would not be with you now. Finish what you have to say to me." " One word ; first," the old man pleaded, closing his fingers over the letter that they held, while his thin lips widened into a peculiar crafty smile. " You saw the cell, of course, in which the prisoner lay. Did it strike you as a pleasant dwelling for a young — person, or did it strike you aS rather bare and grim and solitary for one who has been used to wealth and ease and companionship ? 'Ha, ha, you need not look at me in that way 1 I understand what I am saying ; and — and I positively enjoy thinking of how a prison cell would feel for the first time." " I should not wonder. I would not grudge you any new enjoyment, yours are so very few ; but I cannot enjoy with you while I am left in the dark." " You in the dark I" ejaculated the old man, with .a sort of unwilling admiration in his glance at Sir Piers. "Didn't I tell you, when you first came in, that I will have the heaviest verdict that the law allows ?" ."May- I see. that paper in your hand ?" " Not yet, not yet !" Mr. Hardress answered, smiling grimly. " But the law allows a terrible punishment for this. In the days when men were hanged for forgery, they would have been hanged and drawn and quartered for this. But I will have the ex- tremest penalty. I have a warrant out, and the law shall do its worst — its very worst !" "Better, perhaps," Sir Piers ob served, in easy, parenthesis, " than your best. Is that all you need say to me ?" " No, no 1" Mr. Hardress rejoined, irritably fingering the paper he held. " What I need to toll you is that Leek and Curtis refuse to carry out my orders in this matter. " Fine fellows — Leek and Curtis 1" commented Tresillyan, his eye frankly meeting the old man's an'gry gaze. " Too fine to be my solicitors any longer," was the blunt retort, "I am glad of that," Sir Piers answered with quiet contempt. " Even the slightest lifting of your claim from what I value is a relief to me." The old man chuckled, irresistibly as it seemed. " Galling, is it ? " he asked, laying down upon tho quilt the paper he had held, and patting it with his fingers. " Crushing to the lofty head, degrad ing to the high spirit, chilling to the passionate patrician blood ? Yes, yes ; I dare say. But it does us good to wear the yoke sometimes, Sir Piers Tresillyan. . Ah, you are in a hurry, are you, sir?" " I came to you because they told me you wore helpless and wished to speak to me," the young baronet an swered; with a strange, proud quiet ness, which , the old man — feeling in tuitively how far apart it placed them — resented more than he could have resented any words. "I have heard enough now." "Not quite," Revel Hardress re joined, with' a just observable cringing in his tone, as was not unusual with him, even in his most insolent speeches, to the proud and honorable man, who, of all the world, most sorely felt and most bravely bore the grinding of his iron heel. " Of course I wished to tell you how your solicitors — and mino heretofore — refuse to conduct this case for me, though they might — and pro bably will — tell you this themselves. But I also wished you to know what you cannot know from them, that another man has under taken it, and will go abjy through with it — a solicitor introduced to mo by my shrewd partner — my able, long-headed, practical young partner." "And in what way can thi3 pos sibly interest mo ?" "We'll wait and see," -was the re ply, uttered with unction. " Being a universal . philanthropist, you should take an interest' in these things. We'll wait and see — we'll wait and see." " I Bay nothing of the man who is willing to do your bidding," Sir Piers said, rising from his negligent atti tude. " J.UBtico will doubtless bo on his side in any court of law; but I may think wlmt I ohoose of your injustice." "Just what you choose, sir, as you always have done," Mr. Hardress re plied, with a suddenly affected' candor that suited ill the keen suspicion in his glance. I have alyrays; found it. hard, to win the good opinion of . Sir. Piers Tresillyan, and I despair of doing it in my old age. What was I going to say ? Oh, if Leek chances to come down here before I am about again just tell him, will you, that I soon found another lawyer who is willing to exalt, instead of evade, the law he professes to serve ?" "Leek would be instantly annihi lated ; the firm would collapse at once," Sir Piers answered, turning for an instant with his hand upon ' the chamber door. "Don't send for me again, Hardress," he added, with a change of tone, and a darkening of hi3 handsome eyes — eyes to look away a woman's heart — " the worst feeling a man has to fight with I have to fight with in this house, and you know it 1." (to be continued.) 