| SCSATOHINGS IN TEE CITY. A PENCIL.] That every line which wri^eu here may be Go to its mark straight aud unerring- ly ; That every l?iugh be elcan and fairly bought s That condemnation never go uuaougbt; That cut, or thrust or land approving cheer, \- Aim may be honest, thought aud purpose clear. When, the breath passed out o£ the body of Mr. J. Q. Knight, Government fiesident 1 of the Northern Territory, at Port Darwin last Sunday, there died one of the most j ' gifted and one of the most remarkable men in. South Australia. His brain wa3 amongst the keenest and most versatile brains "whose emanations I had ever seen or read. In capacity for serious mind- I work its owner had few equals; he was scientific, scholarly, literary, practical. The same mental power, aided by a wonder fully lightsome and kindly heart, made of poor Knight one of the acutest wits and pleasantest humorists with whom a person could foregather anywhere. His tele graphed official despatches were frequently irresistibly and intensely -comicaL We remember vhat fun poor David Bews, when he was the Government Eesident's superior, uged to get out of them. Mr. Knight once made a paragraph worthy of Mark Twain of the prosaic fact that the residency roof was leaking like a shower bai>th, Basely did he see the dark side of anything- The last time when I saw liim t-rit was at the Melbourne Exhibition-he even made fun of the asthma which attacked him there in painful paroxysms, and which finally pressed the life quite out of him. Occasionally he had his short-lived fits of depression, and no wonder, For he endured heavy private troubles. An old Tnanj worn and weary, he lived alone in the Territory with no dear friend or relative to cheer or to tend him. Between him and his wife there had been for years an estrangement, concerning whose cause nobody ever thought of questioning him. Sometimes the oppressiveness of his loneli ness would weigh even his buoyant spirits down. Once he turned to me just after a mirthful retort in some jolly company, and said j " Ah, old man, we smile and we make 1 merry ; but what hypocrites we are. Now j and again I feel that I am only an old wreck, gradually going to pieces in an out of-the-way place/' The next minute ha was singing blithely -in that wonderfully well-preserved sweetest of sweet tenors of his-the humorous "Widdy Malone," following with "Maid of Athens." Maid of Athens, ere we part Give, O give me back my heart. Even as I write I seem to hear the words echoing sweetly as they sounded through the bush on that brilliantly moonlit night in the Northern. Territory, when a few of us gathered around a camp fire. Wliy Mr. Knight-every inch a courtier and a gentleman-came to live in the solitudes of the Territory was his own secret, and the secret pained him sadly now and then. The transition from the highest society of Melbourne* where he was the darling of the ladies, to the wilds of North Australia was curious and to most people unaccount able. And the reason for it nobody need trouble now to know. To us it seems as if Mr. Knight did not make the most of his brilliant gifts; that such a man as he-architect, civil engineer, linguist, natural history expert, litterateur, mineralogist, vocalist, musician, cosmo politan, gentleman-should have been one of the foremost men in Australia 1 But who are we that we should judge? We should rather sympathise with the afflicted people of the M". T., who lost one of their best Mends and most useful workers when the cheery philosophical old " Father of the N. T." gave up the ghost. Of course, even before the blood had chilled in poor Knight's veins, people were speculating as to who should be the new Government Resident The name of Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P-, was mentioned, but he would not take the post; then followed talk of Mr. Foelsche, Police Inspector at Port Darwin, who would not mind being Besident; and now Mr. Dashwood, M.P., is named as a possible successor to Mr Knight. Another not entirely unlikely Parliamentary candidate for the position, who is talked about in the inner circle, would be likely to cause considerable sur prise if he undertook the work. Neverthe less, he would do it welL The possibi it/ of Mr. Parsons going back is hinted at, bu that is entirely out of the question. About 2,000 people assembled in the Town Hall on Tuesday night to give a for mal start to the East Adelaide election pro ceedings. The contest is one between labor "and capital. That is from the workers standpoint. From -the point of view of the other party, the opposing issues are personal liberty and the opposite of liberty. The truth lies between the two. The * conservative candidate is an old M.P., Mr. George Fowler, a cool-headed and shrewd Scotch man. The "democratic" champion is Mr. Macpherson, secretary to the Trades and Labor Council, also a Scot, who knows as well as Mr. Fowler the side upon which his bread is buttered. He is one of those compositor-members of the Typographical Society-very excellent and sinarfc fellows -who rule the units in the other- trades societies in South Australia. Encouraged by a sympathetic audience, he spoke clearly and plainly on Tuesday night; and one of the wisest things he said was that hehopad, the fighting would be done in a thoroughly friendly way. But, as he immediately afterwards charged Mr. Fowler with having spoken an untruth, it seems possible that he may have an original definition of friend liness. In electioneering, however, the cocle of courtesy lias to be relaxed; and I have heard men with infinitely greater pretentions than Mr. Macpherson offend much mora com, pletelv against the canons of good taste than he did. The result of the election -will be significant. Only one man ia needed, but, according to present advices, both men are going to be elected. That is the assurance of their committees. It shows the closeness of the numbers. How Mr. Fowler views the struggle is beat explained by these sentences from his speech "Letthe result of this present contest be wired on the 23rd inst. to the other colonies as ' another victory for the Labor party * and you will intensify the present want of of confidence, and cause capital to withdraw further within its shell, and the prospect to the wage-earners during the coming winter, coupled with a bad harvest, to be not at all ft bright one. But let the announcement be that the Labor party are defeated in one of their strongholds, showing that a reaction has set in, and the accruing result will tend to restore confidence, to stimulate enterprise, to unloose capital, and to make employment more general in the coming winter." 