Turf Notes. The committeo of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club has at present under consideration the question of the desirability of reducing the compulsory distanoe of two miles for hurdle races, as provided by the A. J.C, anet will como to a decision on the pointât the next meeting. There ja at present an inclination towards short races amongst country clubs, and it will not be surprising if the M.T.C. gives ita vote in that direction. According to " Cranbrook " Paddy, by Anteros Atlanta, haa been disposed of by Mr. J. O'Loughlan to Mr. J. O'Neill, tho owner of Julian Thomas and other horses. Tho exchange of a cheque for ¿6100 waa the causo of tho chango of ownership. The latest foalings- to hand from Tocal ara as fo'low. Florence, b or br c, by Splendor; Myall Quepn.b f, by Sir William ; La Grippe, br or bl c, by Sir William ; Equation, oh f, by Goldebrough ; Agatha, br or bl o, by Goldsbrough ; Miss Alicp, br or bl c, by Goldsbrough ; Vermicelli, ch c, by Splendor. October 25 has been fixed as tho date for the hold- ing of tho spring race meeting at Bombala. The committee of the V.lt.C. haa interviewed the jookey J. S. Edge regarding the alteration in form shown by Trojan at Moonee Valley and a few days later at Caulfield, áud advised him to be moro careful in future. A conference of representatives of the northern racing clubs was hold at Tamworth on Friday, Oc- tober 7. The following clubs wore repre- sented: Wallsend, Lower Hunter, Maitland, Singleton, Muswellbrook, Scone, Murrurundi, Quirindi, Gunnedah, Narrabri, Moree, Warialda, Moonbi, Armidale, Uralla, Walcha, Platts- burg, and Tamworth. It was decided to form a Northern Racing Association. Mr. C. J. Britten was appointed hon. secretary pro tem. The subscription was fixed at 5gs per annum. The eleotion of officers will be by ballot, and nominations are to be made by the various olubs. A committee waa ap- pointed to draw up rules. It waa also decided that the headquarters of the association should beat Tam- worth. Mrs. Jaa. White lost a valuable mare, Volley, last week, when foaling on the estate, Kirkham. The mare was valued at lOOOgs. Mr. John Jolly haa issued the programme for the ' Ootober mooting of the Moorefield Racing Club to be held on October 29. The items sot down for discus- sion are Hurdle Race of 50 60vs, Tramway Handicap 60 sovs, Kogarah Stakes 60 sovs, Moorefield Handicap 100 sovs, Auction Stakes 70 sovs, and Stewards' Mile 60 sovs. Nominations, accompanied by the usual fee of 1 sov, must bo made to tho secretary on or before Monday. Ootobor 17, at 5 p.m. The weights aro promised for the following Monday. Tho secretary of tho Canterbury Park Race Club published in this issue the programme to be played out at Canterbury Park on October 20. The atten- tion of owners and trainers is called to the Flying Handicap. 14h2in, 30 sovs ; Pony Handicap, 14h. 30 sovs ; Miniature Handicap, 13h 3in, 30 Bova; Park Handicap, 14h lin, 30 ROVS ; Selling Race, 14h 2in, 40 sovs; and Galloway Handicap, 14h 2in, 50 sovs. Entries accompanied by a fee of ¿61 will bo received by the secretary up till 5 p.m. on October 14. The weights will bo declared about October 17. At a meeting of tho Australian Jockey Club the disqualifications of Thomas M'Fie, T. Gilmore, Thomas Cunningham, John Donoghue, and Peter Hickey, for having ridden at pony and galloway race meetings, were removed. A trainer's licence was granted to Alfred Shearsby, and jockeys' licences were granted to Sydney Knight and Robert Garcia. All horses that competed at Liverpool pony and galloway meetings were disqualified for ever ; ¿85 were granted from distressed jockeys' fund to the jockey John Mullens. The committee of tho Australian Jockey Club have determined to inquiro into- Lady Lovell's indifferent display in the Selling Race at Moorefield on Ootobor 5 last, and those concerned will bo asked to explain at a meeting to bo held on tho 20th instant. The Murrumbidgee Turf Club has decided to put off the two race meetings which had been fixod for November 9 and January 26. In spite of the threatening state of the weather on Saturday there was a good attendance at the Rosohill races, and everything passed off satisfactorily. Tho track waa in good order, and the special train accom- modation being sufficent, town waa reached at a sea- sonable hour. The programme opened with tho Granville Stakes, for which the topwoight. Messen- ger, and Wynella wore moat in demand, 4 to 1 being tho beat offer against them. Cavalier and Letta, Lee found supporters at 7 to 1, and not a fow thought Gingham had a chanoo. Tho punters were surprised, however, when tho colors of Mr. S. Hor- dern on Cannon snowed to the front, and this being a 10 to 1 chanco it looked as if was going to bo a "bookies'" day. The backers had littlo better luck in the Hurdle. Explosion and Maneroo were in great demand at 5 to 1.- Coghill waa well baoked at sevens, the same price being aceepted about Violin and Cascade, while eighta could be had about Buckley, and ten3 any other. Cascade justi- fied the expectations of his supporters, a3 ho won comparatively easy from Buckley. The October Handicap was looked upon as a good thing for Little Bernie, and so it proved, aa ho won pretty comfort- ably. He started at 2 to 1 against. Cardoness wa3 well backed, and fours was the best price obtainable about him, and a commission also went out tor Hop Bitters, who finished fourth. On his form at Band wick Clarence, with Nolan up, looked the best of good things for the steeplechase; however, there were many who thought the Hawkesbury Hurdle winner, Idle Boy, with Longford up, a 8»fe investment, while Bushman found a host of supportera at 4 to 1. The last-named ruined bia chance soon after the start, a8 ho threw his rider at the wator jump. The 10 to 1 chance, The Ghost, made the running for about a mile and three quarters, when ho fell. Clarence then took up the running, and going steadily won comfortably from Artist and Atlantic. Yallaroi waa made an even mosey favorite for the Selling Race, while 5 to 2 was accepted about Southerly Buster. The winner turned up in the 7 to 1 chance, Neotsfield, who waa followed home hy Southerly Buster and Yallaroi. The last race of the day waa tho Flying Welter Handicap, for which the public fancied Spy- glass's chance at 3 to 1. A largo Bum of money was put on Brown and Gold, and at the finish Mr. O'Connor's mare disputed tho position of favoritism with Mr. S. Horde rn'a horse. Latonia waa fancied at 5 to 1, and Komisch waa backed for a small amount at eights. After Moorefield had made tho running to the turn Spyglass shot out and beat him home by three léngths. Mr. George Kias reports the salea by auction : On account of Mr. J. P. Clift, b g, by Sir William from Lady Jessy,. by Mail Train (imp.), for 24ga to Mr. Slubley j on account ownors, Rossdhu, br stallion, by John Bull (imp.) from Dignity, for 28ga to Mr. E. M'Carthy ; and, by private contract, the well- known trotting horse J H, at a satisfactory price. At the Killarney races on Saturday the principal handicap waa won by Billy, with Florence May second. Ventua appropriated the Flying Handi- cap. The fóllówi,.b fin AS were inflicted, on Saturday at Rosehill : Conlon, the "rider nf. Me ^er, £5, for disobedience at the post; and the owners >o£...i,,bnrt and Cavalier £2 each, for starting their horsoa in wrong colors. Tho many friends of Jimmy Ashworth, the derk of the course, who had one of his thighs broken at War Wick Farm races on October 6, will be pleased to hear that ho is progressing favorably at Prinoe Alfred Hospital. T. Luckoy, clerk of the coursa to tho Rosehill Raoing Club, and huntsman to the Sydnoy Hunt Club, has exprcBSod his willingness to perform Ashworth's duties during his illnoss, and to hand over the salaries to tho veteran. W. Webster, who had the mount on Lady Ida in the hurdle race at Rosehill on Saturday, had his collar-bane broken, owing to the mare having fallen. The jockeys on. tko other horsoa that fell escaped un- injured. Little Bernie left by rail for Victoria on October 9 ta fulfil bis engagements there. The entries for the A.J.C. Summer Cup, to be run on Decembor 26, closed on Octobor 10 with 67 nomina- tions. Among those inoluded in tho list are such well-known performers as Marvel, Bungebah, Florrie, Penance, Little Bernie, Vcspasia, Danton, Honor Bright, and Ethelbert. Therefore, the raoe cannot fail to evoke considerable interest. Very satisfactory entrioB were also received on Octo- ber 10 for the Carrington Stakes, to be run on Decem- bor 31, and Tattersalls Cup, to be run on January 2, 1893\. Among those who have entered for tho different events are Marvel, Tridentino, Oxide, Attalus, Prime Minister, Chatham, Paris, Selkirk, Vcspasia, Sham rook, and many other good performers. A long list of entries, which includes représenta- tives from nearly all the colonies, was received on Ootober 10 for the V.R.C. Spring Meeting, which will commence with tho Derby day on October 29 and conclude with tho Steeplechase day on November 5. In spite of the prevailing depression, the meeting promises to bo as successful as any of its predeces- sors._ 