pfj OSCAR WILDE Mr. Oscar i Wilde has not disappointed the ex pectations of his admirers. He has achieved a genuine dramatic success in "Lady Windermere's Fan." The play was produced last Saturday night at St. James's Theatre, by Mr. Alexander, and by that popular aetor-manager staged to perfection. The dialogue is at the brilliant author's cynical best, full of paradox and keen observance of lite in my I lady's chamber and life at the club. " To be intelli- : gible is to be found out," says one of Mr. Wilde's mouthpieces, a consummation, by Mr. Wilde, de voutly avoided. But we who worship genius are content not to understand. We accept complacently a glimmering of perception ; full comprehension would be like the explaining away of a ghost, and j that, none of us who love to thrill on borderland desire. And Mr. Wilde's ghosts never "speak un disputed tilings," and their "solemn air" covers deep truths. The story of the tlay has a clever plot, and tlie key held to the last. Lady Win dermere loves and believes ir he?.- husband. She '"LT »%!;. OSCAR WILDE. is made jealous of a fascinating woman of shady character, ;whom hcr.husband insists on her receiving as a guest; -She threatens, if lie forces this woman on her, to strike her with her fan, her husband's gilt. The woman, Mrs. Erlynne, comes, but the fan is not used. In a mad fit of jealousy Lady Winder- ;' mere rushes off to the rooms of an admirer who had ' evilly wooed her in vain;' There she is confronted ; with Mrs. Erlynne. who, after a fine dramatic scene, : saves .the 'distraught wife, just as the evil wooer is heard ou the stairs accompanie 1 by Lord Windermere and others. The ladies hide— Lady Windermere . behind a.. cur tain, Mrs. Erlynne in an inner room. The latter is there, discovered, the former slips out. Bivoiicmcnl— Airs. Erlynne turns out to be Lady Windermere's mother, a divorcee. She has been black mailing her son-in-law, who, to save the, disgrace of acknowledging such a connection, has bled freely. -This, roughly, is the plot, most cleverly' worked out. Mr. Wilde made a smartly lazy speech, puffing a cigarette the while. . . He expressed himself quite as satisfied .with his .play :as the audience themselves. 