mystery of an opal ring. THE NEW FEAR'S EVE GHOST STORY. Tt was Now Year's Evo, nnd wn were •„L round the smoking-room fire at H a l and the hands of the clook showed us k ta brief half-liour was all that was left of i Old Year, there was a pause, everyone « ninp his own thoughts to conversation. P Not everyone, though, for Charley Selwyn t for fi VG minutes with a very depressed 6 " .„t.nIlcPl mid then burst forth with : ° 0, !l wish some of you fellows would talk, , otsit staling into the lire like a lot of es It I P 1,t 0,lt t ' le ''S' 1 ' l> P1 'h«l l, > 'his CO r ''kln't he a had time for a ghost talk," nnd ""linn the action to the words, he jumped up 6 U 'd extinguished nil the candles, and then t on : ' I' ra 8ure 8ome are ^iiikf en gf ti,em now, especially Gordon, who ^ilit have lived among them all his life by She look of his face ; and, besides, he has on It horrid opal ring, which I. hate, and which is glittering now as if it sheltered within it a devil or a ghost.' , "Would you like to hear its story 1 said Clifford Gordon, looking up with a faint mile; 'it includes a ghost, so perhaps it won't be too tame even for Charlie.' „ j^i/g light some brandy and make a green li<ht, said Selwyn «I am sure it would add greatly to the effect.' 'No no, Selwyn,' put in Captain Russell, <I think we can dispense with the^ brandy, ^-unfl i'm"8«re cordon's story will be ghastly enough without that.' « Well, then, begin" answered Charlie, and if vou don't make everyone's flesh creep, I'll tefl y0U a ghost tale' myself afterwards, and then I shall insist on having the green light." 'I daresay you know" began Gordon, That I am a relation to Sir Gordon, nt least •our fathers were cousins, but he. has always been much more like a brother to me.' • Never heard it before,' put in Charley <11 has sent you up ever so much in my estimation, now, to. think you are a third cousin and like a' brother to a Sir, and I shouldu't mind lending you five pounds any day; that is to say if I'd got it.' 'Selwyn,' said Major Roberts, 'if yon interrupt any more, I shall be compelled to put you out of the room,—which had the effect of silencing Charlie, and Gordon went on— 'George Gordon has always been exceedingly kind to me, and up to this time I have alwavs spent Christmas with him, but that is all over now ind he is living in England. 'Youdon't mean to say you've quarrelled with him, have yon?' said Selwyn. 'I'd never quarrel with a third cousin if he were a Sir and if yon have»3one such a foolish thing as that you will go down in my estimation directly.' The Major held up a 'warning finger and let Gordon continue. 'Last Christmas I visited "The Elms" for the first time, my cousin having always spent his Christmas up till then at his city villa, and as this was his first Christmas there be had an immense household of guests. When I arrived, his sister Clarice—for I forgot to say that George was a bachelor— net me in the hall and with an anxious countenance told me that as all the rooms were full, I and a few others would have to sleep in the north wins'.' ' But as there will be several of you, I daresay you will not be afraid,' she said, and I assured her that I had not the least objection to the north wing, and that in fact I preferred it—wliich sent her off to greet some fresh arrivals looking a good deal eased. 'An old man servant showed 'me up stairs, and after traversing about a good many staircases and passages we arrived at the north wing, which was, as I knew before, nothing less than the original building, and said to be very old. This anyone would readily believe who saw the massive beams and queerly carved panels, the figures on which were supposed to represent angels or dogs, but I don't know which, although I have been told, ior so one could readily make out a likeness to either. ' Why don't people like sleeping in these rooms, Thomas ?' I asked. It seems to be the most comfortable place I've ever seen.' 1 Well sir,' answered "Thomas, 1 1 don't think there is much against the room except that poor Lady Dorothy was kept here, but I'm sure I don't know anything about Lady Dorothy except that she was mad, and she escaped and got drowned in the river; but shall 1 send someone to unpack for you, sir 1 As you see, I'm oblidged to put every gentleman into his room as those other servants haven't lived here long and don't understand the ways of the house.' And with that he left me, but returned again about half anhour before diuner, and it was a very good thing he did, for 1 had found the sofa so comfortable that I was fast asleep and Thomas had some difficulty in arousing me. 'For the next fortnight we were very hard forked, for it is no easy task keeping thirty people amused in the heat of the country at such a time, but luckily the cool southerly wnd held out till nearly everyone was gone, so that with lawn-tennis and cricketing in the morning, and concerts and theatricals in the evening, I think we managed to keep things 'At the end of the fortnight, when everyone except myself and a few other relations J>ad gone away, Clarice asked me if I would care to change my room, but I told her that 1 very preferred my own and would rather stay there, whereupon she said she would be Te rj glad if I had sent away the ghosts asd made the rooms habitable again. ' For,' she continued, ' the servants all say if anyone slept there fourteen nights running the ghosts Would never come back again." • 'J^6"'' I answered, ' I've slept thirteen |»ghts and I intend to sleep there the four- ,m h ' 80 itis a bad lo0 ' c out for the ghosts.' That was New Year's Eve, and it was T e 'y much such weather as this, except that a strong southerly wind blew all day. We were all" rather dull that evening, Clarice ended off with hysterics which not surprise us much after all the fatigues 6 'ast fortnight; so at eleven o'clock we separated and went to our own rooms, and or the first time I thought mine rather gnostly.sox made up a £re and settled my- {eit onthe old- fashioned sofa beside it, not e e "ng very much inclined for the funeral ^edstead, and began to read. But somehow other the book did not seem to interest me H lf' « ld after a while I gradually fell into mber tw l! which must have lasted quite o bourses, when I woke, one candle alone cam { ckei ' 5n S in its socket and the only light me fr0m the Sre> wh-joh) although it was inv if ' 1 di< * not feel inclined to disturb pecnlmate u l'> especially as I had that the feeling that someone else was in it Accordingly I determined to let S° out and try and go to Bleep. But it was no good; try as much as I would I could not help keeping awake nnd as the room was by this time almost in darkness, I seized tho poker and knooked the fire together, and at last succeeded in getting a small blaze. ' When I looked up I was astonished to see a figure in the room. After a while it turned and came nearer the (ire. As it approached me I saw that it was a lady dressed in an old-fashioned costume, nnd having on her hand this ring, which sparkled and sent forth bright red rays nil over the room. Presently she came quite close to mn, and among other thingR which I must not reveal she implored me to wear this ring as long as I lived, ' For unless someone will put this ring on his finger, never to take it off in his life, I SIIMII have no rest. I will come and come und claim it at your death,' she said.' ' I took the ring and promised, whereupon she disappeared through one of the panels, and I remembered no more until. I woke in broad daylight, when I found old ThomaB standing beside me and looking dreadfully pale and frightened, but he seemed greatly relieved upon ine assuring him that I was all right, so I sent to fetch Gobrge, and when he came I told him everything. When I pointed out the panel through which the lady had vanished, he crossed the room and to our surprise it opened readily when he touched it. and revealed a small recess in which lay an old brocaded dress and a pair of satin slippers which 1 instantly recognised as those the ladv had worn. « But what about the' rihg, Clifford T '"lie asked,'and I held out my hand and showed him, but the opal was now as pale and lustreless as a piece of cornelian. ' George turned pale. • She always appears before a death,' he muttered, and then left the room, asking me to join- him in the picture gallery as soon as I was dressed. In a few minutes I went and found him standing beforo a small portrait which I at once recognised as my visitor on the night before, and on her finger gleamed the opal ring. ' I may as well tell you all I know about her,' said George. ' She was the wife of some relation of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement ring. One winter a traveller came and asked for their hospitality as his horse could go no further. He turned out to be a painter, and Lady Dorothy insisted on his painting this portrait of her, which he did, and in the meantime gained her affections to such a degree that a quarrel became the result, and her husband received severe injuries and died. What happened to the painter no one ever knew, but poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in your room in the north wing, from which she escaped one New Year's Eve, and drowned herself in the river.' 'At. this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming : ' Miss Clarice ! poor Miss Clarice! I knew something would happen,' and half dragged us off to Clarice's room, where we found my poor cousin quite devoid of reason. ' I saw her, I saw her,' she kept repeating, 'she came there, and I saw her.' 'Inexpressibly shocked I hurried from t be room and sent for a doctor. But it was no use. Poor Clarice never recoveied her reason, and a month afterwards I heard of her death. ' When we examined the recess in my room we found a secret staircase ami door into Clarice's room, and on one of these stairs an old cainbiic hankerchief ami a shawl, which it is supposed, Lady Dorothy dropped in her hasty fight. 'George shut up the house and has lived in New Zealand ever since. I am told he looks quite an old man and has white hair, but I have never seen him since that terrible day.' When Gordon finished a deep silence prevailed, and it was not broken till we heard the church bells ringing in the New Year. We all crowded round the open window, and there were many shaking of hands and good wishes exchanged by all except Gordon, who had slipped out, unperceived in the general movement. 1 Funny thing mnsed Charlie; ' I wonder if it's true; must be, though since he's got the ring. I always knew there was something connected with that opal; it glitters so much, and to-night it was quite red.' We separated soon after this, and when my man called me in* the morning, he brought a few lines hastily pencilled from Gordon, telling me he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would explain matters to our host. Ten years is a long space of time, but for so long I had neither heard nor seen anything of Gordon. I left the Permanent Artillery in which Charlie Selwyn was now major, and settled down in a very comforttable place that uncle had opportunely left me ; and had just invited n lot of people for a Christmas and New Year's visit when some not very pleasant business obliged me to countermand all my invitations and go to Victoria. The trains seemed to think that twelve miles an hour a terrific speed, and the hotels, that in winter are always lively, are quite the reverse in summer. I had finished everything, and was hoping to get home to see the New Year in • but I was doomed to disappointment, and after the trains had been getting slower and slower, on New Year's Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter came and politely told me I must get out, as the train did not intend to go any further. 'But where the duce is this,' I asked, looking about me in despair and seeing nothing but the Murray River and a few houses on its banks, which at this point is most interesting. I soon learned it-was Albury, and that the only place at which I should be likely to get rooms was the Imperial Hotol, which the porter kindly offered to show me. Could I have rooms ? Yes, certainly have rooms and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, showing me into a private sitting room. And should they take hot water up stairs, and what should I like for dinner 1 This sounded comforting, and it proved so too, for after having had a bath, and an excellent dinner, I felt better than I had done since I left Sydney. I was not long alone. The proprietor evidently thought he might a9 well come and converse with me, and he likewise gave me his views on the politics of the day. ' How many visitors have you 1' I asked. ' Only a German Lady and her daughter who occupy a sitting room upstaiis,' he answered, ' but if you wish sir, I will ask them to come and talk.' ' Not at all thank you,' I answered hastily, the idea of having to converse with two German.ladies being too much for me. J:But I meant gentleman, yon have no one else here I suppose V The landlord's faoe grew grave. les, we have one gentleman here Tie said,' but be will be gone bstore the morning.' ' H-ow do yon mean 1' I asked ; where is he Going tof' . «Home,' ho answered simply. He is dying; perhaps you would like to see him? I did not much like the thought, but it sepmed to be such an awful thing to die, away from everyone in a strange place, with no friends to any good-bye to, so I consented, and the landlord took me upstairs and showed me into a room, where round a bed we stood and looked at the dying man, whose faoe was in the shadow, but one of whose bands lay upon the counterpane. On it glittered an opal ring. . , • Anderson.' said a voice, and as he raised his head I recognised Clifton Gordon. ( ' Ask them to leave us for a few minutes, he said. 1 They can do no good now.' I turned to the landlord and told bim that this was an old friend of mine, and that he wished to speak to me alone, whereupon be bundled the doctor and the others out of the room and left us. , •Anderson,' Gordon began, «do you remember this time ten years ago and my telling you about Lady Dorothy V Well I have seen her again; she came last night, and I think she will come again for the ring.' • I hope not,' I "answered gently, although even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had. "not "much longer to live. • I did not tell you all,'he said , 'only a little. I have always been afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarice, but I am not afraid now. Are those the bells ringing in the New Year? Will you open the window a little, I should like to hear them for the last time. Do you think you could raise me slightly ?' I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. We remained silent for some while, and then Gordon said :— •The New Year has come has it not. And Lady Dorothy—,' He stopped, turned pale, and" closed his eyes. I seized hold of the bell-pull, but it would not act. When I looked at his hand the ring was gone. 