DRESS OF THE DAT". A new model for an emming cloak (a witter as • Dress for the New Year," in the Standard, says) is of rich grey and black brocaded satin, with s large wide collar, with boa, and fronts of black Thibet Iamb or astxacfaan, the softer, looser wool having the best appearance. This cloak is fur-lined, and reachea down to the feet, covering the gown. A shorter halflength opera cloak, of white brocaded velvet, lined with golden-brown satin, has the upright collar, and fronts of the new Visor for, wbirh much resembles fashionable for anwers very welL A collarette of while Thibet lamb far makes a charming addition to evening dress, and will bo found cosily warm and comfortable. A mixture of colours forms the most striking features in the latest Parisian creations in millinery. Either the flowers are of different colours, or the rosettes of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in one model, peach colour, vert d'ean, and rose de Chine are the colours used for the narrow satin ribbon rosettes; in another, bine, pink, and grey. Feather crowns, lined, of course, are another feature ; black ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the back, and the raised brim lined with the velvet drawn in full pleats, the tips of the feathers falling over and forming an edging to the brim over the forehead. Another bonnet is a sort of beef-eater shaped mass in dark blue velvet, with pale pink and greyish green rosettes of frayed out silk, the strings being of the velret. A white terry velret bonnet, WI5I white ostrich feather crown, was charming. In this, the velvet was full inside the front of the brim, and a diamond butterfly set adorned the folds to the loft side. A striped white velvet bonnet was studded over on the left side with sparkling jet butterflies, the wide silk strings, cut on the cross, fastened by the same ornaments. Black satin hats, in quite a new sliape, are fashionable. They have brims lifted on one side, and are simply trimmed with either black or coloured ostrich feathers on the crown. One of the smartest, and, at the same time, cosiest, of driving coats is made of fine sealskin, and has a deep roll collar, which can either be turned op to protect the back of the neck and ears, or turned down, showing the scarf. This coat is cut doubiebrcasted, fastening with largo tortoise-shell buttons, with loose, straight back, and long, straight Eleeves, set in rather high and full on the shoulders. Its loose fit makes it very comfortable to drive in, and yet does not interfere with its style. For a wrap worn over the habit when driving to cover it is most convenient. The same shape in a soft, thick, rough 1 fawn cloth, with roll collar of beaver lined with squirrel or some warm material, is, of course, less expensive, and answers the same purpose; the buttons for this would be either of bone matching the cloth, or pearl. These are only three-quarter length coats. High collars and fihoulders maintain their popularity, and fur jackets and cloaks are made much in this fashion. WE present a sketch from A Regentstreet shop window of a seasonable and warm astrachan three-quarter jacket. Bodices for tweed gowns are (H'eldon's Ladies' Journal says) comparatively plain in make, sometimes tight-fitting in Newmarket form, sometimes with a deep tabbed basque, while those opening to show a waist of another material are extremely smart. For home gowns greater scope is allowed, and these bodices are in many cases of the corselet make, with the upper part foil. Where two materials arc employed, or where the material is to be trimmed with passementerie, velvet, or fur, the corselet bodice is in high favour. Among the pretty belts shown this season is the 6wiss shape in velvet, beaded and jewelled most elaborately, and finished with a deep beaded fringe. The long Newmarket jacket is very serviceable in cold weather; one of the newest models is in tweed in brown and blue check, the blue being very faint. This is lined with a soft woolly material, it is loose in the back, fitting in very slightly to the waist, with one pleat and buttons on the tack seams. The collar is a deep roll, the sleeves made with deep cufis. A soft hat of the same material, with wing feathers, looks well worn with it. WOJLEN take part in the discussions of Wisconsin farmers' clnbe. Tax editor of the Port Plain Register has his office and register connected by telephone. Yesterday Mr. fikidd, of little Falls, an old friend, called on the ; editor and expected to remain for dinner. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: " Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinner, lay an extra plate." " Now," said the editor," Mr. Skidd, you may converse with her." As the gentleman was about to approach the instrument these words were plainly beard: "You tell Mr. Skidd we don't keep a hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skidd excused himself for a few moments, and was next aeen eating fried clams in the Bainbow Salooa on the corner. Tns following verdict was given in writing by the foreman of a coroner's jury in Nebraska: " We are of A Pinion that the Secest met with hir death from Violaat Iufirmation in the Arm prdust from sum Nnoan Cause." TUB speaker is a tall, parchm ent-faced woman d carrying many bundles, and accompanied by a poodle dog and a little man, who looks tmbrapy enough to ba her husband. She appears at the door of a smoking carriage. " Quite roll, madam," ays one of the occupants. " No, sir, there is room for flee, and I and my husband will sit in it." She uniff", and exclaims, fiercely, " James, ft isa smoking carriage.'' "Yes, m love," replies the husband, humbly. ** I won't go in there." *' Madam," says the solemn gentleman, rising in his seat," one moment; we will express Our regrets ; my brothers, three cheers, subdued cheer*, please, so as not to shock the lady's nerves." They cheered, and she dammed the door. SUBSET Cox made lather s good point on Judge Kelley, of f ennsjlvaiiia, whm be called him the "perturbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Kelley received the hit with a pig-iromcal smile. TomTBo* declines an otter of 5000 dok. from an enterprising American for a poem i» which a tragedy. is averted by "Bin's Bitten." We despise a man who'll fool away rath a chance of tanking money. Smtd Eirx to ur.— Botton Paper COXFOUTA.BU! EVCKIITG eoixARErrr.. [ ETTLISB ASTEACUAK JACKET. 