CHAPTER X. IT "WAS THE seventh anniT9rsary of the marriage of George Eed w'ood and' Kllice Greene way. . The day fell upon a Sunday. \- Tho yoomau sat in an old fashioned high-booked ehair, after break fast, over hia morning pipe and a copy of the Weekly Comfy Journal. He was' already attired for ohureh, except for hia coat and. hat, and these, brushed to..their last nicety, lay on the table betide him ready to hia hand. He eat in the Snnday morning luxury of shirt sleeves enjoying his pipe with the consciousness of rest and leisure, not so deeply interested in the story of the preliminary meeting of the Hunt Club bat that he eould find an occasional eye for the sunlit garden and an ear for the voices of the house. He strayed restfully over the local intelligence, until on sudden the heading of a brief paragraph started him into a profound interest. He read the paragraph twice over, and then rising walked to the foot of the stairs, whioh led direct from tho chamber to the upper regions of the house. •Ellice, my dear,' he called, 'just come down here a minute, will you ? I've something to show you.' His wife's pleasant. treble . answered from above, bidding him wait a minute.. Hs walked hack to hia chair,'and sat smoking rather solemnly, until his wifo descended with a rustle of Sunday silk. . ' "Why, George,' she said, ' you're look ing at serious as a orow; what's the matter?' ■ '"Was I, my dear?' said George. ' Here's an odd bit of news now. Listen to this: " It will be within the memory of oar readers that somewhat less than two years ago we published the news of the melancholy disappearance of Ifr. John Hetheridge, a natiTe of TJpnor, of this county. We now learn from the Australian journals that the provisions of ihermfoitanategentleman's will have been completely carried into effect. The whole of Ins estate has been realised, and the pro ceeds, amounting to mere than a quarter of a million sterling, are funded in- the English three pes sent* for the benefit of Mr infant fisogkter. Astated sum has been Bet apart lor alimony, bnt the bulk of this great fortune will be allowed, to accumulate until the young lady readies i the age of 18. We learn that the heiress is in the chargo "of the Bey. Jordan Par rell, If.A., the incumbent of St. John's Church, Wellstead, Essex."' 'Why, George,' said Mrs. Bedwood, .'that'll be an enormous fortune by the time the child comes in for it.' 'Yes,' George assented, 'it's a lot of money. Poor, old Jack Hetheridge! He must have had a rare eye for the "main chance, though great fortunes do seem to grow out there like mushrooms. You ' might have done better than you did, my dear.' ' Ob,' said Mrs. Bedwood. 1 And how, George ?' 1 You might have had that quarter of a million,'" George answered, smiling seriously up at her. | ' J£y dear lad,' his wife responded, | Bhating her pretty head with a smile as serious as his own, ' you've got your faults, and I've found 'em out by this time, hut there isn't another man in the | world could have made me as happy as I have been. "I have never wanted more | money than we have had, thank God. I can think kindly of poor Hetheridge how, hut I could never abido to think of the man when he was alive. I've never been sorry for my bargain, George.' ' Nor I for mine,' said Bedwood. ' You're a lot smarter than I am, for" yon've found oat my faults, and I've never set an eye on yonrs. That's your cunniBg in hiding 'em donbtless, for being a woman you're hound to he ehock full of failings, big and little.' ; At this the wife laughed .merrily and I stooped to kiss him, .and just then the I church bells began to ring. ' There,' said Mrs. Redwood, smoothing the looks her husband's caress had dis ordered, ' I shall have to do my hair again, and wo shall be. late for- ohuroh. That*a one of your faults, George. You can neTer let a body hiss you without hugging like a bear. I wonder how often you brought my bock hair down before we got married, and made me ashamed to , look my own mother inthe face. Gocnwith your pipe and paper; I'll be back in five minutes.' . . She rail'merrily upstairs, and her hue- j baud shouldered- bis way into his coat, left his newspaper on the table, and took bis pipe into the gsrden, where he wandered up and down with an eye for the ripening fruit upon the trees. His thoughts were still with his old rival, and more than once he murmured to him self of poor old Jaok Hetheridge, 'Poor Jaokl' In dne time Mrs. Bed wood appearing with his hat and gloves, took ms pipe from him, skimmed into the house with it, and returning gave a series of final touches to his tie and whiskers, turned him round for inspection, pronounced him fit to be seen, for once in his life, and marshalled him off to ohuroh, quite as prou'd' at she had been on that eventful day seven years ago, and a great deal happier. - • - . In a quiet place like ITpner any stranger is noticeable, but the married pair had not gone 160 yards upon thsir way when they encountered a stranger, who would have been noticeable almost any-, where. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man, but gaunt as a greyhound and tanned almost to blackness by the sun. He wore a gmt beard and moustaohe, so aun scorchod that it had grown to ba of no particular colour. He was dressed in re spectable pilot cloth, and wore-bis double breasted peaooat close buttoned. L A broad brimmed soft folthat was stuck oareleedy at the back of hishead, and ho smoked a. Bhort black pipe, . , an almost incredible - thing for a man of respectable extorter to do in the stneti of TIpnor on a Sunday. In those days, when almost all men. shaved scrupulously, the beard alone. ] •would have given the stranger a wild and outlandish aspect. But. apart from this there , was at first right something in the large, pale, gray-blue eyes, which, in their , contrast with the turned shin, looked almost colourless—en expression as of one lost, a look altogether weird and uncanny. The stranger nodded as he passed, and said, ' Good day,' in civil fashion, and Rod wood returned his salute. 'That's an odd-looking fellow, now,' said Redwood, turning 100 yards further on to look after him. 'But what a troubled face, George dear,'replied his wife. 'The man looks as if he .had gone through a world of misery.' "'You women folk,' retorted George, ' are always fancying things. ' I'd lay a wager for my own part that the fellow was one of those rollicking ohapa that never know what trouble is from year to year.' ' You'd lose your wager, George,' his wife responded tranquilly, ' but I don't suppose that either of us will he able to find oat anything about him, so where is the use of quarrelling ?' ' Ah,' said George, comfortably pressing the arm which lay within his own, ' wheie's the use of quarrelling V They entered the churchyard, . filled with scattered groups of ohuroh-goers, exchanging harvest nates, news of the market, and all the little gossip of the place. The old chureh dock, by which all clocks and watches in and abont TTpaor were regulated, showed yet seven minute--, to the hour,. and George and bis wife lingered at the churchyard gate and changed "good mornings" with their neighbours. 'Whilst they stood thuB the bearded man came in sight again, looking uncertainly abont him, as if in search of someone to appeal to. ' George,' said Mrs. Redaood, 'there is that man again. He wants to speak to someone, I can tell by his manner.' Bedwood hadalready set a foot forward with intent to croaa over to the Btranger, when the man turned and accosted the individual nearest to him-—as old fellow who1, though a thousand times older than himself in aspeot, excited neither curiosity nor regard. He, too, went bearded in defiance of the general law, and was the more remarkable in that respect because the beard was of a very strange and' unusnal red. Elf looks of the same colour fell below bis ears. A much battered, unbniahed, old silk bat, a good deal too big for him, obscured his brows, and he wore blue glasses with a sort of blinker on-each side. He was bent double at the hams, and his hands quivered paralytieally on the pair of sticks which supported him. He was dressed in T«ry shabby and dirty blaok broadcloth, and what with his general slovenliness, his shuffling step, and hang dog oarriage of the head, looked to he a very disreputable old man indeed. . .The stranger stretched out a baud and laid it on the old man's shoulder as he shuffled past. ' I say, matey,' he began. . 'iha aid man gare a nervous start, as If the'grip sad the midden scoost had fairly frightened him. ' I'm not going to hurt you,' said the stranger. ' You're got nothing to jump like that for. Tell me the way to Rey nolds's farm.' ' I—know—not,' the old man an swered, with a strong foreign accent, and as if he fonnd his words with diffi culty. 'I am 'ere net monee. 2io more.' Ho wared one of his sticks in the direc tion of the chnrchy&rd; gate, as if to indi cate that there were people there who would he able to give tho information asked for, and so ehuffied paralyticslly on again. The stranger turned in obedience to the gesture, and Redwood made another Btep forward. ' I beg your pardon it I'm wrong,' ho said, 1 hut. my wife here thought you wanted information. Can I giro you any ¥ 'Why, yes,' the stranger answered. ' If you know the country side you can.' ' Well,' said Redwood, with a little laugh, ' I ought to know that if I know nothing else.' •■' I want to find- the way to Reynolds's farm,' said the stranger, knocking the ashes from his pipe on the palm of his great brown hand. 'That's easily done,' said Redwood. There's the farmhouse orer yonder, that "red.briek building with the three poplar* behind it. Bat you'll find nobody there. The plaeahah bsen going,tonaek. end rain thsfis past two year*;'. 'Nobody there?' said the stranger, falling hack a step and staring at him; ' Nobody there ? Not Mrs. Potter ?' 1 No,' said George, ' nobody.' 1 Look here, matey,' said the stranger, hooking him by the ' coat and speaking with a look and manner curiously and almost pathetically composed. ' I've had a deal of trouble lately, an' I make mis takes. This is TJpnor in the county of "Worjesterahire, ain!t it ' «Of coarse,' Redwood affirmed. '"Well, look here,' said the man, 'if you belong about here, you can't have helped hearing talk o' me. My name is Sam Potter. My uncle was old Lack Reynolds, and when he died he left me everything.' 'I am very glad to meet you, Mr. Potter,' Redmond answered cordially," pntting out his hand. Sam Potter took it half meshanically.. ' And my missus isn't here?' he said. • We hadn't been married a month when we lost tight of each other. I know she got to England, lor I've talked with the man aboard the ship she sailed in. I've I been trying for this two years to get here, and why she isn't here before me I don't know.' ' George dear,' Mrs. Bed wood inter* poseu, ' don't you trouble about church this morning.' 1 Ton are right, my dear,' said George,' ' I won't. Gome down to my house, Mr.' Potter; if you don't mind we'll hare a talk, and maybe I can be of servioe to you. You're been away a long time, haYen't you?' ' A goodish time,'returned Potter, pas sing his band over his forehead aa if to smooth a disordered thought. ' "Well, shall we go ?' ' Yea, we'll go, matey, and thank you kindly.' The bell began to tingle spitefully as if in minatory warning to late worshippers, and then stopped suddenly. Mrs. Bed wood passed into churoh, and the two men walked down the street together. The bent old foreigner quivered on his sticks a few score yards away, hut save for that quaint figure the road was de Berted. ' That's a queer old chap,' said Bed wood, more for the Bake of making talk than for any other reason. 'An old French fellow. I don't suppose he speaks a hundred words of English, and as it I happens there's nobody in XTpnor that | can change a word with him except my self. I'm no great Bhakee of a French man, but I'ra got a sentence or two, you know, and I think the old boy likes to hear his native language now and then.' They were level with the old man a minute later. 1 Bong jonr, Andre,' cried Bedwood. ' Commong too portey too, ee mating ?' 'Bien, monsieur, tree bien,' the old man answered. 'That's right,' said Bedwood. 'It fait, botong, eh ?' The old man gave an inarticulate grunt of assent, and Bedwood and Sam Potter pursued their way together. ' It pleases him,' remarked the yeomsn oomplaccntly, ' to come across a bit sf his own tongue now and then. That's about all I eaa girs him, but you can see it j brisks him up a bit.' Sam answered that he dared to ear it did, and walked on thonghtfnlly until Bed wood ushered him into the house. .Potter sat down and set his hat upon the table. He drew out his pipe, a huge plug of tobacco, and a clasp knife. ' You don't, matey f' he asked. 'A bit,' George answered. 'I'll hare a smoke myself.' ' I suppose,' said Sam, Bhredding hia tobaoco coarsely and rubbing it between his palms. 'I suppose you knew my uncle P ' I knew him,' Kedwood answered, ' as well as I know anybody.' ' I suppose,' Potter began again, ' as nobody could be likely to come" down here and make inquiries without your hearing of it ?' Redwood shook his head. ' And you never heard about my little missus P 'Never. I heard of you, of course; but I never oven knew that you wero married V ' I got married in Melbourne, in Aus tralia,' eaid Potter. He had packed his pipe by this iime, and now striking a lucifer match on the leg of hia trousers, he pulled away for half a minute' in eilence, and then turning in' hia chair asked suddenly, ' Did you ever hear of a Mr. John Hetheridge of these parte P' '"We were boys together,' Redwood answered him. 1 SehoeimatM. It's seven years to-day since I saw the last of Mm. Poor old Jack. Be was loctin the bod and died there.' . 'I'm if he did,' Pottersaidjslowly and weightily. ' Look here, that man was no more lost in the bash than I was, or you wa9, or the babe "unborn was.* ' "Why, look at this,' cried Redwood, snatching the paper irom the table and searching hastily for the paragraph he had read to his wife that morning. ' Read that' J Potter read it, tracing the Jinea with a clumsy forefinger. ' Oh, I know all about that,' said Pot ter. 'I met him in Melbourne when the news was stale. He'd been dead sir weeks when I came across him. I met him in his own house. He gave me a | smack at the back of the head,; matey, as laid me there for dead. I was in the hospital 12 months along of it. OS and on my mind's withered with it now, and I suppose it always will be.' 'But why should Jack Hetheridge have wanted to do yon an injury V asked Redwood. 'That's more than I can tell yon, matey,' Potter Teplied. ' The only tiling I know is, he done it.' ' How did yon know him ?' -Redwood asked. '"What brought you in his house ?' 'I don't remember,' was the un expected answer. ' There's heaps of tilings I can't remember.' He passed his hand across his brow again,' nibbing it heavily as if by the mere physical pressure he hoped to straighten the inward tangle. 'Ho,' he said hopelessly, 'I can't re member.' He looked at Redwood with on eye altogether vacant, and the yeoman feared ■ that he had made acquaintance with a madman. He had had no experience of that genus, and he thought it reasonable V> try and argue Potter out of what seemed an obvious hallucination. 'Ton eay,' he began, 'that yon saw Hetheridge six weeks after he was re ported dead ?' ' Yes,' said Potter, ' that's the truth.' ' Did yon tliink it was his ghost ?' 'Eo; it was him right enough. Ghoste can't hit a chap and pnt him into hospital for 12 months. The back of my head was all bashed in like.' ' "What motive could he have ?' ' Ob, he had motive enough. Yon make your mind easy about that.' ' "Well, what was it ?' 'My head goes wrong,' said Potter. *1 get it sometimes all as clear as day light, and then it goes away again. There's only one thing as I don't forget. I nerer forget as it was Mr. John Hetheridge that done it. I shall find , him some day, and when I find him I ahall have his life.' All this was, of course, to Redwood's mind the merest madness. There was no reason for giving the poor man's story so much as a moment's credence. It was doubtful if he were even the man he supposed himself to be. To fancy he was Reynolds's heir and nephew might easily be S3 dreamy and unreal as the res'. He sat thinking thus, puffing his pipe in silence, and had begnu to con sider how it would be easiest politely to dismiss his curious guest when Potter struck the table with a heavy hand. ' I've got ir,' he said almost passion ately. ' It was all about Bob Martin's little ge'l. Bob was my pal, and it was my right to take charge of his little gell when he got murdered. Row, I put that to any honest man, if it wasn't a pal's right more than a stranger's to take charge of a matey's kid when he got murdered ?' Had Eedwood known the story he ■would have followed Potter easily, hut as it war, the man's speech sounded like the merest gibberish. ' I said to him, " Look here," I says, " it's this way, mate. I've come in for my property, and me and my missus is goin' to England by the ship as sails to night. I shall find my mate's child," I told him, *' if it costs me every penny in the world. Tou mind that," I says, " I shall find her whithersoever she may be." "With that I turns my back on him, and he knocks my brains out. I remember it now,' he concluded, ' as well as if it Were yesterday.' Bedwood was unaffectedly sorry for the poor fellow, but little disposed to give credence to any of his fancies. ' I suppose,' he said, afteT thinking for awhile, 'that yon came through Lon don ?' 'Tes,' replied Potter. 'Well, did yon call <m your late unole's lawyer? Potter shook his head. '1 suppose ycu know wbo-he is? •It's slipped my mind, somehow. I don't remember/ ' "Well, as it happens,' Bedwood said, 'I do. I'll write hi# address down for you. There's a telegraph office only three miles away at the railway station, j You walk over there in the morning, and Bend a message to the lawyer. You ask j him if he knows where your wife is. That's the best thing for you to do, you know.' ' Yes,' said Potter. ' That's the thing to do.' {To is continued.) 