SPORT AND ANECDOTE. [By a Correspondent.! TIIK GUINEAS AND THE DIUIDV. And so tne first of tho classic races ot cue season of 1892 has been decided. Many peoplo look upon tho Two Thousand Guineas as affording a key to tho solution of tho Dorbv puzzie, urn in tuis l trunk tnoy are mistaken, although thrico during the last six years have tho winners of ' Tho Guineas' carried off the blue ribbon of tho turf. Still a little examina tion will speedily convince any one that tho victor over tbo Rowley mile course doe3 not always ran well over tho Epsom gradients. Since ISfJO Macaroni, Gladiateur, Lord Lyon, Pretender, Shotover, Ormonde, Ayrshire, aud Common are tlio only horses that have been successful in both races, so that you see ono cannot really bo too careful in dealing with turf topics. The Wizard, Marquis, General Peel, Gang Forward, Peregrine, and Paradox won tho Guineas and finished second for tho Derby. Diophantus, Vauban, Atlantic, and Galliard won the Newmarket event and were third in the Derbjr, so that during tlio last thirty-two years eighteen winners of the Two Thousand Guineas have been placed in tho Derby. THE POISONING OK OR5IS. In my last letter I referred at considerable length to tho *' breakdown' of Orme. It ha3 since transpired that Ormo did nob break down. The horso was, his noble owner de clares, 'gotat,'and if the scoundrel who tried to poison Ormo could bo got at he ought to be punished with the utmost rigour of the law. It is a turf scandal which will be long remem bered. I understand that Mr. George Lewis, the famous London solicitor, has the matter in hand, and if the villanous miscreants con cerned in this dastardly business can be detected Mr. Lewis is the man to unmask them. A reward of £1,000 has been offered by tho Duko of Westminster for information leading to the detection of tho person or persoss implicated. I havo no doubt whatever that Ormo was poisoned. He was found with his tongue, two or three times its ordinary size, hanging oub of his mouth, and in the corners some poison which had not been swallowed was discovered. It is stated that Orme nearly died, and that ho was only kopt alive by injections of milk and eggs. However, he is now oub and aboub again. As I said last week, a curious kind of fatality seems to hang p/er the winter favourite for the Derby. Since 17S0 only forty actual favourites have won the Derby, and it has generally been the fate of horses on whom odds have been laid to run second. Ormonde, how ever, was a conspicuous exception to this rule. By-the-way, I see that Sonor Salvador Juan Bocau, tho owner of Ormonde, purposes to send Fncundo, the son of the unbeaten Ormonde and Philosophy (tho latter being a mare thab nsod to belong to Air. Robert Peck), to Kingsclere, to be trained by John Portor. From the Brazils to tho Down3 of Hampshire i3 a far cry, but I expect that Senor Bocau intends to sell the colt if he turns out well. Breeding is Euch a lottery, and you never can tell whether a horse possesses much merit until ho has been tried on a racecourse. A RACING .1DDGE— 51H. J. F. CLARK. Although Judgo Clark was not in tho box on Wednesday, for hisson-m-faw, Mr. Charles E. Robinson, is now tho Judge to the Jockey Club, I havo no doubt that many sportsmen havo had a chat with Mr. Clark during tho week and heard his remarks on many r.icea for the Two Thousand Guineas. John Hilton was tho first professional Judgo to tho Jockey Club, and ho was nominated to his past in 1770\. Prior to that date ib was customary fur the Stewards of the club to judge all races and matches at Newmarket. Mr. John Francis Clarke was the Judge from 1S0G, and although ho resigned iu favour of his son in 1S22 the office h~as been in the family ever sinco. From 1822 until the middlo of 1852 Judge Clark II. was the man in tho box. He in turn was succeeded by his son, Judge Clark III. Mr. John Francis Clark sat in the 'seat of rChadamanthus, as the late .bari of otralford used to say, for thirty-six and a half years, and then gave way in favour of hia son-in-law. It is with pride that Mr. Clark III. tells you that he has never mado a bet in his life. Mr. Clark's first Two Thousand Guineas and Derby were those won by the late Mr. Bowes's West Australian, who, it i3 said, was once tho victim of a plot like Orme has been. GIVING THE RACE TO THE WHONG ITOR3K. The Judge to the Jockey Club has not always had such a proud position as ho holds to-day, and once u]xm a time he had little official status outside Newmarket. Tho Sjiorl ing Magazine of November, 1842, contains the following paragraph:— 'The sphere of aotion of Mr. John Clark, the Newmarket Judge, has been greatly enlarged. It now comprehends Newmarket, Epsom, Ascot, Goodwood, Don caster, Liverpool, Egham, Brighton, tho County of Gloucester, Bath, Chelmsford, Southampton, &o.; In making this circuit dining the past season he travelled 2,735 miles and decided 310 races, besides extra heats, makinginall3n4.' Atraeetings like these, when amateur Judges decided tho race, many gravo mistakes were mado. Hera is an instance. At Goodwood, in 182-1, Mr. Charles Grevil'e, ono of the Stewards, acted as Judge, and gave the Goodwood Stakes to Lord Verulam's Vitellina, although the Duke of Richmond's Dandizotto won very easily. The Judge's box was olo vated. Vitellina and The Ghost finished close to each other under the Stand enclosure, and Mr. Greville had his eye3 on this pair. He did not see Dandizette, which was right beneath his box, and won by six or seven lengths. Lord Yerulam was perfectly fair over the matter, and desired tho Duko of Richmond to accept the stakes ; bub His Grace replied, ' Yon say that I won tho race, but what says the Judge?' Well, the Judgo placed Vitelliiia first and Dandizetto second. Such incidents as theso prove tho necessity for a professional man. A WAY OF PHOMOmC SrORT. A more flagrant instance than tho ono I have just quoted is recorded. This was at Southamp ton in 1837, and tho Duko of Richmond was again the victim, lie ran a colt called Skilley golee for the Gold Cup, and he won in a cantor by two or three lengths. The Judgo gave it a dead heat between Skillygolee and Mr. Sidney Herbert's Bulbridge. Tho Judgo actually do fended his decision on the ground that it promoted sport. Such instances as those show how necessary it is to havo Judges of ability and undoubted integrity. Judge Clark very seldom made a mistake, and his integrity has never been questioned. It is a fearful respon sibility to decide hundreds of races a year, and practically Eettle all disputes involving largo sums of money, for there is no appeal against a racing Judge's verdict. The Judge3 havo great powers, and generally they use thorn well. The late Earl of Zetland once grumbled to Robert Hill, his rough- spun trainer, about a veidict which some Judge gave at Cattenck Bridsre. With disdain and conteinnt Hill made answer tohisnoblomaster thus—' Joodgo is Joodge, my Lord.' And so he is. ' THE DECISION* OF TUE JUDGE IS FINAL.' Captain Bastard, now dead and cone, did not believe in the decision which Mr. Clark gave over |the Newmarket Handicap in 1S75, when ho placed Mr. Mitohell-Innes's St. Leger first and Captain Bastard's Peeping Tom second. Captain Bastard actually went so far as to consult the late Mr. Benjamin, QC, as to whether he could bring an action against Judge Clark, but Mr. Benjamin's opinion was thab thero was no ground of action. Said ho— 'By starting your horso at Newmarket you bind yourself to conform to the laws of the English Jockey Club, which decree that the decision of the Judge is final.' This then shows what a very responsible post it is. JCDCE JOHNSON*. We have another grand old Judge still alive nnd ' resting,' and that is Judge Johnson, of York, who for forty years was a very promi nent turf official. Born in 1813 Mr. Johnson is a thorough Tyke. You never yet met a true Tyke who was not a great lover of horseflesh. From his youth upward3, so to speak, Mr. Johnson studied racing, and in 1844 ho judged at the Ripon Meeting as a substitute for John Orton. He discharged his duties very satis factorily, and in 1851 was appointed the Judge at York Races. He, like Judge Clark, retired only a few years ago, full of ago and full of honours. In the Northumberland Plate of 1845 Mr. Johnson had a very awkward task indeed. Mr. Meikleham was repre sser ted by no fewer than three horses Inheritress, Lightning, and Best of Three. Inheritress and Lightning ran in the Bame rolours, but Best of Three had a black cap in stead of a white one. At the finish these three were close together. Indeed it was a despe rate race. Mr. Johnson gave the race to In heritress, and nono questioned the award. As the feld flashed past his box Mr. Johnson saw Tommy Lye's head first, and it was hia quick observation in recognising the jockey that en abled him to give the winner's number so promptly. Some folks fancy it is quite easy to judge a horse- race. I should like them to try. In 184(3 six horses turned out for the Wright Stakes at Richmond. Dipthongwon by a head from Ellerdale, who was a head in front of Holias and Executor. They ran a dead heat for third place, and the other two wero close up. Indeed tho half-dozen animals could have been covered by the proverbial counter-wne. This is the sort of race to try a Judge, bub Richard Johnson plaoed the six in a moment without any hesitation. THE CHF.8TKR COT OF 1854. The only occasion on which Judge Johnson was ever in 'hot wator' was over the Cheste Cup of 1854. There waa a big field, tha favourites being Dr. O'Toolo, Newminster, Cobnut, and Baalbec, bi't as soon aa the flag fell an unknown horse went to tho front and remained there until the race was over. Directly tho horsos had passed the Judge'* Lok an excited crowd rushed to the box. *' Wiio'a won? Who's won?' wa3 the cry. 'Epami- nondas,' said Mr. Johnson. 'Who's ho! There's no such horse in bhe race.' And to tho amazement of Mr. Johnson he saw that the name and number of tho horse had been omitted from the card. Ib was such an extra ordinary oversight that one can hardly realize how ib ever occurred. Whoever was ra Bponsible for the error I know not, but Mr. Johnson hud a very unpleasanbtiraeof it, Icau tell you. ECCKNTIHO 'OU- GLASGOW.' I remember writing somo amusing anecdotes concerning the famous Lord Glasgow, who was a most eccentric personage. Mr. Johnson tell* a couple of interesting yams about him. Mr. Johnson fulfilled tno manifold duties of Judgo, Handicappor, and Clerk of tho Course of York. Having on ono occasion handicapped the horses for the Consolation Scramble hit submitted the weights to Lord Derby and Jord Glasgow. Tho latter seeing one of im horses rathe, low down in the handicap— h« stud was always very moderate— he im mediately said, 'How's this? What's tho meaning of this ? This is a perfect imposition upon the public. Thia horse is put in at leaaS 7 Ib. less than hoought to carry.' ' Oh, let him bo ; I will back tho handicapper, and lay you £30 to £10 ho does not win,' said Lord Derby. Despite this Lord Glasgow insisted upon know ing why his horse was not given more weight. Mr. Johnson replied that ho was a moderate horse. 'And how do you know that? I insist upon the weight being changed.' Ilia extraordinary request was agreed to, and tho horse's weight was raised 7 Ib., and needless to say ho did nob win. The modern owner does not usually ask the handicapper to raise his horses 71b. Such men as Messrs. Clark and Johnson are splendid examplee to the present school of racing officials, who are, however, a. very competent body of honourablo men. In deed, it is tho strict integrity of the licensed officials of the Jockey Club that makes racing as straightforward as it is— and that isuayimj something. I bad many other topics on -which I wished to say 'something,' but having gariulonsly gossiped away my space in thia nmm:er I must 'reserve 'them for my next letter. ? 