The ihost and the Will. ' You don't believe in ghosts, you say ? Well, ad, once I wasn as sceptical as yourself in re gard to all spiritual visions, but now- Captain Harrington left hisi sentence un finished, save for a highly expressive shrug of his shoullers, and took a long, deep draught from the steaming punch bowl, which had just then reached him in its cir cuit of the table. I remember well that night. WVe were all sitting in Blake's room, in IHalf Mloon-street, having a social chat after the theatre-Blake, Thultly, Captain Harrington, and myself. It was yet early in the evening for us-for I regret to say we were all addicted to the ill regulated habit of getting up one day and going to bed in the next, and Blake's room was a most eligible spot in which to while away one's time-and money-and the'scent of tobacco smoke and aroma of whisky punch, which were prominent features of its atmos phere, seemed far preferable to the chilly rain, which, with the unlaudable pertinacy chiarac teristic of all London rains, was steadily, ceaselessly falling outside. By some chance or other-it may have been through the influence of the beverage which soothes and occasionally inebriates-the con versation at length turned upon occultism and esoterics, and spiritual materialism, and hypnotism, and several other isms that no well-regulated person is supposed to know anything about, and a remark that I, John Kingston, a barrister of some two years' standing, with more debts than clients, had just made to the effect that I strongly doubted the existence of any spirits whatso ever, save those contained in brandy, cham pagne, and other malt and vinous liquors, had envolved the foregoing exclamation from he tisually taciturn Philip Harrington. ' Why, Harrington, my dearfellow,'mildly remonstrated Huntly, in a tone of voice more indicative of amazement than any I had ever heard him utter before, 'youl can't really mean to say that you believe in ghosts, pure and simple, with the traditional white gar ment, and sepulchral voice informing the horror-stricken listener that he will "freezd his young blood," and perform various other .unpleasant feats ? Why, you must surely be. jesting ?' 'I certainly think,' was the reply, ' that persons who have departed this life have sometimes the power and will'to "ieturn to earth in some likeness of their former selves.' . ' Fancy a man whose mental capricity has hitherto been munquestioned giving vent to such strange opinions in the year of.our Lord 1874, in the supposedly Christian city of London !' added Huntly, in a pained way;. 'it brings back delightful reminiscences of the genii and Arabian Nights.' 'By Jove! Huntly, I've always heard a couple of years in India was a bad thing for ?e brain box,' said Blake. 'I have often wondered,' I remarked with a mediative air, 'whyghostspersistinwearing white; I should think some pleasing combi nation, something like the beastly uniform I wore for three years in the hussars, would be sufficiently appalling.' ' Well, Phil, canst thou call up spirits from the vastly deep?' inquired Blake, in'rre levantly. ' For if you. can't I can.' Suiting the action to the word, he descended through an artistically arranged trap door in the corner of the apartment, into· his little wine cellar, which he had thus arranged in accordance with one of his own brilliant ideas, whence he soon re-appeared, after profane contact with several articles be low, bearing the requisites for the composi tion of another bowl of punch, and singing, the while, in a mournful, monotonous tone 'An' he kept his spirits hup S By a-pourin' spirits down.' Thus we all continued to jest at wirhat we considered our friend's foolish siiperstitions, although I doubt if any of us thought he meant his remark seriotisly, ' Well, gentlemen,' said Harrington, placidly, settling back in his chair, ' I only know what I have seen.' 'This grows interesting-by the gods, it does !' shouted Blake, laying doen his cards. , The man has not only heard, but seen; per 'haps you will give us your experience, Har r in~ton ?'r - ' I will willingly do so,' was the reply; 'though I'd as soon fight a band of'Zulus; on condition that all of you reserve your. caustic comments until I have finished; As all you fellows mknow, I am no story-teller, but I'1 do the best I can.' This was a rather unoexpicted reply. .I hradknown Phil Harrington for many years, ever since we were boys together at Harrow, * and knew him as one of the truestandbamvest nmee that over lived, and, although he had -just returned to England after an 'absence of severiel years, I knew, from the frequent mention of his. iame in the army despatches, that he was as brave in battle as he had beenupon the foot ball field. Poor Phil! A Zulu assegai did its deadly work at last, anrid as I- wf-it these lines his body lies in an .unmarked grave, among the wild beasts and wilder men of Zululand, while a golden-haired :young girl \--the woman he was to marry--weeps away the 'days and nights in Devonshire:. But pardon-a thousand pardons--I have wan-. derted very far from my story'; I will not offend again, I promise you.' . ''Well, sail in, my hearty; we're all listen ing,.' cried Blitke. .'Throw lanusghiie to the dogs, Kingston; wve'll none of it,' he :ecntinuod, emphasising 'his last' remark "by bestowing an 'enoergetic thump uipon my bank. There were two things I did not admiro in Blake; his ever recurring propensity to make use of nautical terms, without regard for. proper application, and the unnecessary vehemence with which he was accustomed to slap me between the shoulders. With these two exceptions, I liked Blake very much, So the cards were put away, and we all sat silent and expectant. Harrington, who:al ways contended that no speech was of suffi .cibnt importance to peril the light of one's cigar or pipe, carefully applied applied a fuse to his carved moeerschlaum, whose well coloured surface would have aroused wild ad miration in the breast of any kindred smoker, 'and, after one or two preparatory puffs, thus begank: 'You all know that my property was left me by my uncle, but you are probably un aware of the peculiar circumstances of the case, so -I must recapitulate. My Uncle Harold and my father were both in love with my mother, and when my father finally won her for his wife, hlie and Uncle Harold had a violent quarrel-over 30 years ago this was and from that time until my father's last ill ness, some five years ago, the two brothers interchanged nlo word, and held no communi cation of any kind. When I was quite young, I remember, I used:to wondler how this was, and once I asked my mother why we never say my Uncle Harold. but sheonly wept, without replying, and my father, whowas standing by, forbade me to mention the sub ject again, so I never knew vwhat the secret cause of the disagreement was. ',My uncle, about this time made a grenat deal of money in a fortunate miling specula tion, and he accordingly purochased a largo tract of land in the most forsaken part of Cornwall, ied built himself a castle there at least, it was more like a castle thani any thing else I can think of-and prepared to pass the rest of his lifo there in study and rotirement. 'My mother died when I was abdut thirteen, and I was abroad, at Gottongen, when I was summoned home by my father's illness. Two days after my arrival he was dead. Whosn ho found he could not recover, he sent for my uncle. There was a final reconciliation at the death-bed' between the two so long estranged, and as I afterward learned, my uncle then gave hIis promise to forget the past, and treat lme as his own son. My father died with his hand in that of the man he hlad either wronged or been wronged by-which it was will be known in another world than this. 'Upon the settlement of the estate, I dis covered that father's fortune, which had been considerable, was sadly reduced by unfor tunate speculations, and that after all claims were satisfied, a foew-a very few-hundreds were all that were left at my disposal. My uncle fulfilled the promise he had made, and not only invited me to make his house my home, but placed a most liberal allowance at my disposal. 'The two or three weeks succeeding my loss I passed at Redhaven, his house-or rather castle, for it was fitted up in a style resembling an ancient baronial edifice-but as my sorrow had begun to be subdued by time, the seclusion grew wearisome to nme. I wanted to return to more active life. The only people I had an opportunity of seeing were the housekeeper and servants, as we had ,so people near with whom we were on terms of intimacy-the castle having been pur posely isolated as much as possible-and no one ever paid us a visit save MIr. Delamore, my uncle's solicitor, a Grandisonian gentle man of the old school impressive appear ance, studied sentences, white tie, and all that-you know the sort. Another glass of punch, Blake ! 'During these days I rarely saw my amiable relative. Ie alwvays took his meals alone, and spent most of his time in his chamber, in study. He would rarely emerge durinhlg the day, but every evening, as regau larly as the clock struck the hour of seven, he would come out of his shell, and walk up and down one of the gravelled paths for exactly two hours, rams or shine, always with his head bent forward and his hands clasned behind his back, as if continually searching for invisible objects. I say he come out of his shell, because on these occasions he always reminded me of some respectable old crustacean, to whom walking was a decided novelty. 'I- began to think he had forgotten my very existence, when onse cday he sent for me to come to his stndy, and as soon as I had passed the threshold abruptly informed me that he *thought I had better resume my studies at the University, and that if. my opinion coincided with his own I could leave Redhaven early the next morning and catch the Dover and Calais Limited Express for the Continent. I accepted his offer gladly after a faint show of protest, and in three days I was at Gottengen in time for'the autumn semester. ' I remained there for two years, returning home at long intervals and for a few days only, and each t'ma my uncle seemed to part with me with greater re luctance, and I began to better appre ciate the depth of his learning and the true nobility of his character, and indulged hopes that when I returned for good I might be able to win him from the seclusion to which he had accustomed himself, and induce him to resume his place in the world to which his talents entitled him. 'But this came to naught. One morning I received a'telegram from my uncle's solici tor, informing me of his death, and urging me to hasten home. I lost no time in soi doing, and was in London three days later. Mr. Dflamoro met me here, and in his dry, methodical way proceeded to give me the de tails of my uncle's death. He had retired, as usual, to his study, where he was accus. tomed to pass most of the night with his books. He failed to ring for his breakfast at the usual hour, and one of the servants, going into the study, fonmd him dead in' hlis chair. Before him on the desk was the por trait of a woman. The physicians all agreed that the cause of death was heart disease. 'LNow my uncle had often intimated to me that it was his intention to make me his sole heir; so you'can fancy my surprise when I was told by Delamoie that the only will they had-been able to find was one executed some ten years previous by the terms of which all his landed and personal property, to the value of nearly £50,000, were to be devoted to the establishment of a new school of Inductive Philosophy. Delamore remembered perfectly well drawing up a new will a few months back, which made me sole heir, with the exception of a few trifling legacies to the servants, and himself sole executor. He had then. advised the destruction of the first will, and had supposed his advice had been followed until after the funeral, when the first will was found, while naught could be discovoered of the second. He thought it still in existence, he said, but thus far the most diligent search failed to disclose its whereabouts. SThis was certainly consoling. I must say I felt a trifle out of condition, although I had not yet given up all hope of finding the lost will. The same day we went to Red haven together, ransacked the whole house, dexamined into every crevice and corner, tore up the carpets, questioned the servants from the housekeeper down, in our search for the missing bit of paper, all to nopiurpose.. At the end of the third' day we were completely discouragedl. One thing only had I dis covered. The portrait before my uncle at his death was my mother's. ' I am sorry for you, my boy," said old Delamore that evening, as we sat over our wine after dinner, " but I fear the first will is perfectly valid, and althoughl I do not, for a moment doubt my late lamented client's- ah-intentions toward you; yet until.the other paper is found we cain do no~thinic absolutely nothing. And, as'I am rather fatigued," he continued, " I think I Will bid you good-slight, with? hopes of better success upon the morrow." . I sat alone for a few moments after his departure, drank another glass of wine-it was :Lafitte, of the '34 bin, I think-then took a short walk about the grounds, and, about ten, returned to the house and retired to the library, wheri I intended to have a consolatory smokebefore going to bed. This had been my uncle's favourite room, whichl he seldom quitted except for his meals, and the fittings and furniture bore evidence of his peculiar tastes-polished floor of inlaid woods, armour-clad figures, looking like veritable Sir Liiuncclots or Galahads in their respective corners, and dark woods pannelled around the walls, with one panel of pecu liarly carved design directly over the. mahd gany desk at which he had been accustomed to sit. I had seldom entered the apartment. when my uncle was alive, as he never liked to be disturbed when therein. 'Beastly room !' I muttered half aloud, as I sank into the easiest chair and began to give way to my thoughts. They were not of the most enlivening de scriptiosi. MIy cigar was an excellent one, but it had no pleasure for me that night, and' I threw it away half used. I was now aware of the fact that there was no longer any hope, and that from at position of prospective affluence I was reduced to literal poverty, as I had not a pound in the world, except the little that remained of the quarterly allow ance I had received a fortnight previous. 'Iremember that night well-one of those fine, sunmmuer-like evecings we sometimes have in early May, with the moon outside shining brightly and casting its soft light throughl one of the latticed windows whlich I had opened at the top. 'I had sat there I suppose some ten minutes, when I happened to look toward the half- open door which led into an adjoining apartment and perceived someone coming along the dinm passage way. ' " TYWho's there ?" I cried, wondering who was thus intruding upon mcy privacy. 'LNo answer came. The figure walked onward until it passed the door and advanced into the room, and the moonlight streaming in the window fell directly upon it, and I saw, gentlemen, as plainly as I see this table, the face and figure of my dead uncle as I had seen him last, with hands clasped behind his back; ind an expression of deep thought upon his face. 'I sat still, as if paralysed; I could not move or say a word: I remember wanting to shout, but I could not, and I remember wondering what anyone else in my position would have done. As for me, I could only sit still, as if petrified; but I kept my two eyes fixed imimovably upon the figure. 'Ho-forso l callit-walkedslowly, ste?dlyl across the floor, without making the slightcst sound, paused in front of his desk, raised his right arm until it was on a level with the panel above, and stood pointing at it with outstretched hand. Then the arm dropped slowly to its position behind his back, a momentary cloud obscured the surface of the moon, and when it streamed out a moment later, he was gone. 'Then the spell was broken. For a moment, however, I was undecided. I kmow perfectly well I had not been asleep or dream ing, and that no one could have been attempting to play a trick upon me, for it could have been no human being who walked upon that hard, wooden floor without making the slightest sound. With a hasty glance backward, I ran hurriedly through the hall and up the stairs to Mr. Delamore's robon, and soon had that respected gentleman sit ting, yet half asleep, upon the side of the bed. I hastily told him my story. S" Yes, yes, I dare say," he soothingly remarked, when I had finished my somewhat disconnected narrative. "Now we will both go to bed, and see about it to morrow.." ' "Pardon me, but we will do nothing of the sort; I tell you I was not dreaming, and that I saw my Uncle Harold as phlinly as I see you !' I exclaimed wanrmly, for I saw that while he did not pretend to doubt my word, he probably thought that my mind had been slightly affected by my double loss, and that I was suffering from a hallucination. ' "Well, well, let us go down stairs and look abont the room," he fiunally suggested, more for the purpose, I believe; of calming my excitement than from anly belief in the supernatural visitation. I hardly imagine he enjoyed being aroused from his slumbers in such a summary fashion. ' "Now where did you first see the figure ?" he asked when we had descended the stairs and reached the library. ' " He entered the door," Ireplied, "passed within two yards of me, stopped opposite the desk, stretched out his hand, as'if pointihg to some imnaginary object, and then sudtbnly disappeared." ' " Didhe point at that large panel in the wall?". queied Delamore,.with some trace of int~erest in his tone.. ' "YeA, directly there," was my answer. * "Now, Mr. Harrington, will you be kind enough to hand me that mace ?" he contihued, indicating a huge steel weapon; reposing by the armour of the quondam wielder in an adjacent corner. 'I did as he requested, wondering at his question; however, I was notlong to remain in doubt. BeforeI could interpose, he lifted the weapon and gave the panel a heavy blow; A second shock splintered the tough oak, and thrusting his hand into a small cavity in the wall, which the false panel had concealed, Mr. Delamore d.ew out a folded piece of' paper, and with an old time, courteous bow, extended it to me, saying: "I take great pleasure, Mr. Harrington, in presenting to you the missing will." 'And so I obtained my property,' Har rington concluded, leaning back inihis easy chair, and puffing vigorously away at his pipe as if to make up for his lost time of the last half-hour. 