NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. i • A bezaar recently beld in aid of the Gonvent at Goal turn realised £420. Mr. A. Leicester, one of the earliest tquattere ' of the Liemore district, is reported to have died recently in England. , At the inquiry on the fire which destroyed Pearce Brothers' premise* at Litbgow on Sat UP ; day an open verdict was returned. The Bev. J. Z. Turner, Wesleyan, who J'B ' leaving Lithgow for Parkee, was entertained at , a farewell social in the Oddfellows' Hall, Lith- ' gow, on Wednesday night. The Ministers daring the recess are going to Norfolk Island and Lord Howe Island with a view to acquainting themselves *ith the condition of those places." 5 Mr. Cotton is of opinion that, if a love rifle-shooting were fostered in the young, it would be of more service than any drilling in the event of the country being invaded. Mr. Hoylfc'd experience convinces him that volunteer encampments are nothing bat " big boozing meetings, and a series of insubordinations." What do the volunteers say to that 1 An "influential colonist" has written to Sir Henry Ponsonby, the Qaeen's Private Secretary, to suggest that Prince G jorge of Wales should be called " Duke of Australia !" At the Tenterfield police court, William Barnes was charged with sending a letter threatening to kill a young woman named E'lsibeth Gilchrist. He was committed for trial. Mr. Gould considers tbat the abandonment of the Easter encampment this year is a grave mistake on the part of the Ministry, and will injuriously affect the volunteer forces of the country. Mr, Hoyle thinks tbat a written indemnity Bhould be given to Mr. Schey to ensure him against prosecution in case be fails to substantiate his charges ageint the Railway Commissioners. Platinum in minute steel-grey grains is found on the beach at Waipapa Point (N.Z ), * where gold dredging is carried on. An eff.Kt fs to be made to save the platinum while dealing with the gold. Fresh water has been struck in Noongulla bore, near Collarendabri, at 2250 feet. The water rises to within 50 feet of the surface, and is soft and pure, the temperature being 90 degrees Fahrenheit. Dr. Oullen is of opinion that the Government, in appointing a Boyal Commission to investigate the charges against Mr Eddy, has adopted a plan which wili be fair both to accuser and to accused. Mr, E. H. D. Hunter, of Tasmania, who has forwarded to London by the B.M.S. Orient 'a trial shipment of tinned rabbit, intends erecting extensive works tor preserving rabbitB for the London market. The dsiries in the Tamworth district have been inspected by an r fficer of the Board of Health under the Dairies Supervision Act. The imjirity of the dairies were found to be in a satisfactory condition. Mr. Barton objected to the amendment of the Marriages Validation Bill on the ground that it was contrary to the ordinary practice of any HOUEB of Parliament to interfere with A verdict pronounced by the Supreme Court. It is satisfactory to know that the inquiry as to the charges against Mr. Eddy is to be open to the public. The charges have been spread broadcast through the country, and the result of the inquiry shoutd rcceive the same publicity. Dr. Cullen believes tbat there is no country 'in the world where the people are more ready to come forward to defend the country when occaaton arises than Australia, and be thinks tbat the volunteers should receive every encouragement. Mr. Suttor is quite tight in regarding the fees at the public examinations of the University as far too high. They have been often complained of, and no doubt they can be reduced without affecting the thoroughness of the examinations. It is satisfactory to know, on the authority of Mr. Barton, that what were taken for babies' bodies in tbe Bondi sewer were merely sheep's paunches distended with air or fas. But how these paunches got into the sewer wai cot clearly shown. . At Gunnedab a few nights ago a number of Sydney roughs attempted to take possession of the Bridge Hotel. After smashing several windows four of tbe number were captured after a severe struggle. Eich was awarded seven 'weeks' imprisonment. What the wool trade of Victoria derives from New South Wales is shown in the return published. Victoria's import of wool was worth £3,372,154, of which £3,089,216 worth came from this colony. Tb* value of the wool export of Victoria was 165,092. List week Mr. fechey said that if the Government refused to provide him with a solicitor and barrister to defend himself in case he was prosecuted, and indemnify him against all costs, dsmages, charges, &*., he would wash bis hands of the whole affair. ' A telegrem from Windsor states that since the recent fresh in the Hawkesbnry River fiah j of various kinds abound. An extraordinary number of wild fowl ewerm on the lagoons and watfrholc-s all nv.r the district r :d knights of tb« trigger deily secure well-fil n<3 In response to a circular bv the executive of thB Pttblio Service Association to all civil servants, asking their opinion as to whether a Civil Service superanuation fund should be established, 1168 replies have been receired, of which only 151 are ia opposition to the scheme. Thus Mr. G. H. Reid :—"The committeeo* this House never intended the Government to reduce the military expenditure by £50,000 in one lump. There was plenty of time. The reductions could have been spread over tbe next nine months without damaging the volunteer service." " The Government is only the agent of this Committee," exclaimed Mr. Reid ; " and when the Committee decided to reduce tbe military estimates it was specially mentioned that the volunteer service was not to be effected. But what do we find 1 Why, the whole amount is taken from tbe volunteers." Mr, " Glen InneB " Hutchinson considers that the appointment ot a Boyal Commission to inquire into Mr. Scbey's charges, instead ol a special committee of the House, is calculated to confitm the opinion which he believes general among tbe public that tbe members of tbe House " are nothing better than a pack of swindlers." The Attorney-General stated in the Assembly that it is the invariable custom of the Colonial Secretary's Department when a magistrate of the colony becomes insolvent, if be does not resign his position, to call upon him to do so. Police magistrates in this respect are in different positions to an ordinary magistrate, and are dealt with under the Civil Service Act. A New Zealand correspondent writes :— " Miss Manning, daughter of tbe late Judge Manning, has jjst died at Auckland at the age of 49 years. She was a niece of the celebrated chief Hauraki, who fell in Heke'a war. The last years of her life were devoted to writing reminiscences of early New Z island, from her own experience and the writings of her father." The Governor, with the advice of tbe Executive Council, baa been pleased to approve the following amended regulation in substitution for that relating to the provision of residences for teachers in charge of public schools, of date July 1, 1891:—'" In addition to these salaries, residences, vested or rented, shall be provided for classified public schools ; but a residence rented for a teacher shall be as near as practicable to his school." In connection with the statement that Mrs. Deeming, who was murdered at RainhU), came out as an immigrant, the Immigration Department records show that the Agent-General, Sir Saul Samuel, nominated Maria Deeming, described as a housekeeper and aged 28, as an immigrant, and she landed in Sydney in July, 1882\. The application was made in the name of Fred. D<:emin?, gaefitter, 141 Castlereaghstreet, Srdoey. I a January, 1882, the applicant paid a deposit of £5. "He had never been trained to business, Mr. Registrar," said a pleader in bankruptcy in Sydney on Wednesday, " and knew little about book-keeping. He had been a public school teacher." Mr. Henry : " But surely a public school teacher ought to know how to keep books if he has to teach book-keeping." Mr. Tarleton: "Well, I don't think he usually does, judging by the way boys are turned out from the public schools ; and their writing, I am sure, is a scandal." His Worship the Mayor of Sydney has been in conference with the director of tbe Government Labor Bureau, with a view to mitigating the distress of the unemployed wh3 are at present houseless. His Worship haB placed at the disposal of Mr. Creer the Exhibition Build- ing for a period of three mouths. The building will be under Mr. Creer's charge, and the business of the Libor Bureau will be conducted there at nigbt, when necessary provision will be made tor shelter for all deserving cases. According to information supplied to Parliament at tbe instance of Mr. Diwson, the Eigineer-in-Chiet for Sewerage has leported tbat the sewers now being constructed by the Works Department are wholly unsuitable for the reception of underground telegraph wires. Tbe tunnel, which it is proposed to construct for the reception of an experimental line of underground wires along Moore-street, Sydney, was suggested by tbe Mayor, who urged that the work might be done concurrent!} with the formation of the street. In the Assembly last week Mr. Newton asked the Minister of Linds whether be had received a communication from a Mr. Foster with reference to an invention for the destruction of rabbits. Mr. Copeland said tbere had been so many communications received on tbe sulject of rabbit extermination that be conld not say whether it had been received or not. He knew notbiag whatever about it. Some 200 communications had been received. When they got into recess he would endeavor to give some attention to the sulpct. For the lust few mouths large numbers of kangaroos, carefully c'ged, have been taken through Junee (the Southern Grost sayp) per rail for Sydney, What had created such a sudden demand for these marsupials in the metropolis was largely debased, but no one seemed to bit upon the solution. We ian solve the conundrum. The animals had b^en secured by the Messrs. Sells, and will be exhibited at the Chicago Exhibition. It is expected that they wilt prove aB easily trained as tbe horse, the elephant, ot the tnoukey. In reply to a question by Mr. R?* in • be Legislative Assembly last week, Mr. Kuid, Postmasto/r-Ueiieral, said that tbe question of imposing a postage on newspapers ia Saw South Wales had not vet been considered by tbe Government, but that it would receive attention during the recess in connection with an amending Postal Bill, which he hoped to introduce next session. An amendment of the law would, Mr. Kidd added, be necessary before postage could be charged on newspapers posted in the colony for delivery in the colony The Messageries MaritimeB* fine mail steamer Polynesien has beaten all previous records between Sydney and Marseilles, having completed the passage from Adelaide in under 26 days of actual steaming time. Tbe Polynesien departed from Sydney on February 27, and left Adelaide at 4 p.m. on March 3. She reached Marseilles at 11 a.m. on the 29 ch ult. Her overland passengers and mails left Sydney at 4 p m. on the 1st ult., ciught the express train at Marseille?, and the mails were delivered in London on the 30ih day from Sydnev. . Mr. Pottie, jan., veterinary surgeon, who is understood to be employed by the Government (says tbe correspondent of the S. M Herald) has been at Crookwell during the past week, and has inspected the sheep on many of the holdings in tbe district. In almost every case he has found diseasa existing— ft ike, tapeworm, and dropsy of the heart being present. For some time past the sheep in the ilistrict have been dying in large numbers, snd H was supposed by many that the cause was Cumberland disease, but Mr. Pottie has failed to discover any trace of tbe disease. Mr. T. Campbell writes to a Sydney j mrnal as follows :—'" When mm are wanting br«ad and sleeping in the open air in winter in New South Wales, it is a dreadful sarcasm on our lawmakers and our system of responsible government. There is an abundance of mi aeral wealth which, with just and liberal laws, anyone might seek for, but the land that contains these bidden treasures is covered with scrub, dead timber, and wire fences, aud met who would willingly work if there was anything for them to do are prevented from prospecting for want of improved mining law." Mrs. Daniff, wife of John Daniff, formerly a publican near Nyngan, and who at last Dubbo Quarter Sessions was convicted of robbing a man who was spreeing at his hotel, near Nyngan, died last week in Dubbo. Deceased believed her husband innocent, and had sine* the trial been nearly heart-broken. List week a numerously signed petition was presented to the Minister for Justice to re-open the case, as there was a cr'ain amount of mysterv about it. This tbe Minister agreed to do. TJnfortu nately the case so effected Mrs. Daniff that she died heart-broken, leaving four little children. A report received from tbe Lichlan states that CarraboViolia wonlsbed, the property cf Messrs. T. Elols and Co., Burrawang, was destroyed by fire. The shed contained a lot of valuable machinery, and the loss is estimated at about £600. The fire was discovered about noon by one of the station hand*, who found tbat a bale of wool wai in flimes Strong efforts were made to extinguish the fire; but, owing to a strong wind blowing from the north, it spread rapidly, and did a great deal of damage before being got under. Both the buildiog and machinery were insured. A relic of the old " flush days " in Gulgong came to light last week. Two miners, named Farthing and Parish, while fossicking in e shaft long since abandoned, cam<J rc'oss what to all intents and purposes seemed to be a nugget, several ounces in weight. Flushed with enthusiasm, the pair hurried to tbe surface 'o examine their find. It did not take long for practised eyes to discover that the slug was nothing more than a lump of brass, cleverly fashioned into nugget form. Ton could have almost heard the discoverers' countenances drop when the stern reality of their find dawned on them. Previous to the construction of the Forbes water works a suggestion was made by several of the aldermen that an attempt should be made to provide an artesian supnly, hut the pronnsal was not well received. Recently Mr. W. Porter, of New Park, found that a well would be of service to bis premise 3 , and therefore sank to a depth of 26ft., the rite being on an elevated spot near the house, far above flood mark. Water was found ol a gco4 quality and in quantity much in excess of anything anticipated, tbe fluid filling the well to within 8ft. of the surface, and all efforts to lower the level have proved futile. A sad and fatal accident happened at Forbes on 30th ult. to a youog man named H. Brown, a carpenter engaged on Mr. D. Berber's new arcade. Brown was working on the building, when he received a blow on the head from a falling verandah-post. He felt ill with the headache all tbe reBt of the afternoon, but it was thought to be nothing serious till late at night, when he was taken to the hospital in. an unconscious state. After having remained there for an honr and a half he expired, death having resulted from internal bleeding in the head and concussion of the brain. Brown WSB a highly respectable young man, and had taken an active pirt in connection with local amateur rowing matches. A ahort Act to extend the jurisdiction of Courts of Petty Sessions was assented to on 16;h ult, and gazetted last week. By it the law respecting the recovery of small debts in all parts of the colony has been extended, except within the boundaries of the several Petry Sessions districts ot Sydney ind suburbs, to all actions for debts only," to an arnt unt not exceeding j£30, su*j=ct to all She exemptions and restrictions contained in r c- tioc 4 of the principal Act, It shall be )/«w lor the plaintiff now to summon the defen- dant to the Court of Petty Sassions, holden for the district in which the debt sued tor was contracted, in the same manner as if he was a resident of such district. The Times has joined in that rather lively chorus of depreciation which has recently been heard in Eagland with reference to Australia. The day has been when there would have been matter indeed in the announcement that the great English journal had taken the side of our revilers. However, at the present hour such a circumstance is of comparatively little importance. And, indeed, whatever may be the caBe with a good many other authorities who have been engaged in the self-imposed task ot lecturing Australia on what they conceive to be its faults and shortcomings, there iB no reason to imagine but tbat the Timet, in giving us a bit of its mind, has been actuated by honest motives. It has, unlike most of our other censors, no petty spite to gratify. List Fridav night a meeting of citizens waa held in tbe Exhibition Building, Sydney, at which about 3000 persons were present, to consider the best means of alleviating the great distress now prevailing in the colony. The chair was taken by Mr, Houghton, M.L A. Resolutions were passed expressing sympathy with the unemployed, requesting the mayor to take steps with the view to the formation of a committee of representative citizens for the purpose of receiving subscriptions, and appointing a committee to act in the interests of subscribers in tbe meantime. Amongst the speakers were tbe B v. W. Scott and Messrs. Melville, Cotton, O'Sallivan, Bivister, and Rie, Ms.L.A A collection was made in the buildiog, which, with a private donation, amounted to £30 The following figures will give an idea of the enormous number of rabbits killed since the beginning of the present year oa some of ' he stations in tbe Western division of this cilony. The msjority weie destroyed by water poisoned by arsenic. It is estimated tbat tbe number given is independent of rabbits killed by the drought, which it is estimated considerably exceed the mimter poisoned. The numbers are;— Bllilla 150,000, Moorara 300,Of 0, Cuthero 150,000, Netley 300,000, Outer Nettalie 80 000, Momba, including Mount Murchison and Purnanga, 1,000,000, Kilfera 1,150,000, Marfield 147,000, Mount Manara 150,001, Biden Park 30,000, Fulham 70,000, Kew 62,000, Tilcha 250,000, 48-mile tank, Soollgal-road, 17,400, 35 mile tank, Booligal-road, 40,000, 26-mile tank 73,500. Advocates of teetotalism have usually not alone the courage of their opinions but s plentiful share of that certitude which never admits of the slightest doubt as to whether the opinions happen to be absolutely right Thus, Mr. G. D. Clark, M.L A, speaking at Ash field on the temperance question, managed " to attain to something of prophetic strain," and declared that the present question would see total prohibition established in every British community. For a time when temperance and moderation in regard to strong drinks shall have come, every community, whether British or not, may devoutly pray. But there is little likelihood that it will ever be brought much nearer by Buch methods as teetotal apostles look forward to, and which would, if carried into law, be probably as impracticable a?, say, enactments against over-indulgence ia eating. A writer in the Despatch says:—" * Liok here,' I heard a man say the other day, and there was a ring about bis voice which showed his sincerity,' I wish they'd hang this Williams—get rid of him some way—for he has completely demoralised all the newspapers. There's nothing in them but him.' And I think most people will endorse this pious thought. The newspapers have certainly boomed the business, but then they have merely provided the food for which the public craved. If readers did not devour the news, the papers would soon desist from publishing .it. In Eagland things are even worse than here. Twenty-two additional telegraphic operators have had to be sent to Riinbill, and extra rooms engaged. The English reading public has just as morbid' a taste as the Australian. They like it there hot, strong, and spicy, just as well as we do out here." In seconding the report of the works committee in the Cootamundra council, Alderman Pinkstone called the attention of the council to the action of one of the contractors. The man's work was found, on inspection, to have been done in a very unsatisfactory manner, and was c ndemned. The contractor afterwards went to the council chambers and called the aldermen and the council clerk —— dogs, —- scoundrels, and other opprobrious names. He thought the council sbouli consider whether thiB man should be accepted as a contractor in Inture. Several ot tbe aldemen supported Alderman Pinkstone. The Mayor said it was the duty of the council td protect individual aldermen and the < fibers- ol the conncil from abuse, and he should take such steps as were needed to prevent this contractor from coming into contact with the aldermen or the council clerk or the clerk of works in future. Irquiries have been made in Sydney with regard to T. W, Miller, whose arrest at Hobart a few days ago caused some sensation. Miller had been passing himself off as " Lord L «amington," and he was accompanied by " Lidy Leamington," who is alleged to V« a Sydney actress. He was well known in Sydney as a surveyor, and cirriedon business in Pitt- street, .Some two or three woyks ago he suddenly die- .appeared, and a few days after bis tfitp' tailed at the water police court to tee about getting out a warrant for hia arrest for child desertion. The magistrate advised ber to go to MelDourne find hare a warrant issued there. Sha, however, subsequently got the necessary warrant through the central police court, and it was placed in the hands of the detectives. The warrant was executed in Hobart. Miller was well known as a einger. How he got tbe Order of the Bath he was wearing is not known. After an interval of some years, Mr. G. A, Sala is going to resume the narrative of his Australian experiences. In April he expects • to have a pulpit of hia own in the shape of . Sola's Weekly, and this will enable him to , * ( say something iu detail week by week about . that wonderful laud of the golden fl».ec9 where I spent a very eventful year." Mr. Sala (observes a London gossip) seems sublimely unconscious of the fact that Australia has moved ' a little since he had the pleasure of making its acquaintance. He wants to know why it is that after 100 years tho Australians still import their doctor?, their University professors, their poets, and their bishops from the old : country, " Why don't they produce native brains as well as native gold and wool I' Mr. , Sala will doubtless soon receive conclusive evidence that doctors and poets of native manufacture are remarkably plentiful iu the colonies. The meetings of the Junee council appear to be degenerating into something very like a > faree. Tae two last meetings have ended , Abruptly by the mayor leaving the chair in • consequence of Alderman Kavanagh refusirg . to eit down when called to order. It must be apparent that unless the aldermen put some restraint on themselves it is impossible for any work to be done ; and when an alderman •deliberately tells the mayor that he intends to «tand up and speak, and the mayor can dissolve the meeting if ho likes, it is carrying license a little too far. It has been said that . it is only by mutual concession that any busi- -ttess can be done in Parliament, and, as a -municipal council is a parliament in petto i without the power of the Parliament of tbe country, mutual concession is even more : necessary there than in the larger Parliament : It is the duty of aldermen not to bring their : office into contempt. Mr. James Purser, of Castle Hill, states that during the late visit of Mr. Koe'ile, Entomologist of the Agricultural Department of ' California, to the county of Cumberland, that ' gentleman informed bim that we have a destructive parasite for the white scale in the chape of a small moth. Mr. Koe'ile declares ' that this moth is spreading so that in a short • time there will be no necessity for spraying the ' "trees,' and that this little insect will soon rid -the trees of tbe white scale, which, in times rjjone by, has cost so much to keep down. Mr. ' ^Purser considers that this is the best news the ' growers have heard for a long time, and that "it will be a real blessing to the orange-growers 1 *of Central Cumberland. Mr. Purser further •^points out that, if our Government Eatomolo- Hpist were to spend more time in our orchards, •and point out the different pests and their 'enemies to the growers personally, it would be 'of more value than ail that xoald be written Kmthesil jd. Mr. Schey, one of the members for Red fern, 'Who has so persistently and so frequently assailed the character and administration of Mr. 35ddy,the chief railway commissioner, seems • now to be alarmed at what he has done, and /appears inclined to back down. Mr. Eddy •considers the charges so serious that he has tressed the Government to make an irquiry {nto the truth or otherwise of the charge?, and the Gorerome it, though reluctantly,has agreed to do so. But the commission to whom this ^enquiry in to be entrusted is not of the nature ' that Mr. Schsy desires. Mr. Scbey wants the 'committee to consist of members of the House, half to be chosen by himself and half by tbe ''Government, and himself to be chairman or 'presidfetat. The Government, however, have .^determined to appoint three gentlemen of ; thoroughly independent position, a judge, lead- Zing barr'ster, and some well known commer-' .'cial man of high repute—men competent to .ttft evidence, and come to an unbiassed and Suitable decision. According to information supplied by the : /Attorney-General, in answer to Mr. Raid, in 'tfae Astembly, ia notification was made to the rlife-Benteneed prisoner Bertrand in 1885, '^through the gaol authorities, that his case • 'would be reconsidered at a fnture date, which ^"was specified and which had elapsed. The ' Attorney-General added :—"I am informed *by the 'Co nptrdller- General of Prisons that ^tbe accepted meaning of re-submitting a ^prisoner's case at a date named is that with \- :< toonttaa6d good conduct the prisoner would be ! liberated on or about that date. There cannot •1>i6 said to be an unbroken -precedent in regard \- to this matter, Mr. Clarke, when Minister of Justice in 1887, having declined to be bound ''toy the decisions of his predecessors in regard •*to this case of Bertrand, and to reconsider the determination which had previously been.come ''to by him that the prisoner should not be •^discharged. Bertrand applied to have a special "•ultof clothes made to wear on his discharge, •"'and waa informed that his request would be •-granted." . 'The eaying that a live dog is better than a r deftd lion is as old as the hills, and quite as "true/ now as when it was first uttered. To ''"give an illustration. In the Mudgee Borough ^Council the other day an alderman moved '^tjifet b portrait of the late Sir John Robertson *T>£pttrchased' and hung in the council cbam- The motion, the report says, was lost,, twbody bat tho mover votwg for iu A few years ago, in the very town where tnie occurred, Sir John was run after, toadied to, and metaphorically carried shoulder high. Now none eo poor as to do him reverenca. Then he was in a position to extend patioasge, and consequently was the recipient of gratitude for favors to come—the only gratitude, indeed, that cm be counted upon in this utilitarian age. To-day it is another case of " Imperial Caesar, dead and turaed to clay, & The Mndgea people when they wanted a railway would have built a statue of Sir John il they thought it would have quickened hii adoption of the question. Now, however, the town cannot afford a paltry portrait testimonial to tbe good old man's great services— services that were ungrudgiugly given to Mudgee and its people. On Tuesday afternoon (says the Parkes Examiner) the rumor got about that a man named William Payne had poisoned himself. It seems that at about 4 30 p.m. news was sent to tbe police that Payne had poisoned himself, and Senior-constable Ranford and two constables were at the house immediately, and, on seeing Payne lying on tbe fliorin a stupefied condition, and an empty chlorodyne bottle along side of him, they sent for Dre. Hickey and Murray, who, on putting in an appearance, set the stomach pump at work, and ere long Payne was out of danger and conveyed to the hospital. No analysis was made, eo it it is impossible at the present stage to say whether he took chlorodyne or not. It seems he had been absent from home tor some tima and on returning got on the drunk, and on comiug home on Monday afternoon was found as above described. The affiir was all the more interesting on account of'Miss Payne, aged 22, having committed suicide by taking chlorodyne about four months ago In the same house. The police have the matter in hand, and if tbe analysis proves that he has taken chlorodyne, he will, no doubt, be brought before the police court on a charge of attempted self destruction. The affair created quite a sensation in town. In the Legislative Assembly last week Mr. Barton, in answer to a quastion without notice, put by Mr. M'Court, said he had, in accordance with the request of that hon. gentleman and an influential deputation, consulted the Cabinet regarding the abandonment of the military encampment at E ister owing to the reduction of the military estimates, but he thought hon. members would recognise that it was impossible to deal with that question any further before the recess. He was further authorised to state that a competent board would be appointed for the purpose of brings ing about a thorough re-organisation in the military forces, and he hoped that a greater amount of economy would exist in the future, and that the re-organisation would be such as would allow of annual encampments being held in future on proper lines, and without the necessity for auy further action. As far as possible every opportunity would be given for the volunteers to become efficient this year, and they would be* paid their full money so far as it might be possible having due reg trd to the action of the Hou«e in reducing tbe military expenditure. On tbe sulj-ct of granting free railway passes to members of reserve companies in riffo matches be said that such passes would be issued as iu the past. A cine of supposod suicide (*ays the Biurfee Herald) occurred at Messrs. Heyburn Bros.' Wanaaring station on the night of 6th inst., when the body of Mrs. Charlotte Ryder, late housekeeper at the station, was found in the lagoon, situated about 100 yards from the bomeBtead, in about 2tt. 6 : n. of water, by Messrs. Biiley and Newton, manager and overseer respectively. An inquiry was held on 7th inst. by Mr. M. Fdehau, J P. From statements made by several persons it appear? that deceased was a little off her head, and this, combined with the fact that she was lonely and bad no female society, h given as a nrobable reason of having taken her own life. The woman's stockings and slippers were found on the edge of the water, and this led to the discovery. When taken out of the water deceased was clothed in a black silk dre?P,' which she had not before worn during the two months and a half she was on the station. There was no medical practitioner present to examine the body, but no marks of violence were found upon it. A verdict of " Found drowned, there being no evidence to show how deceased got into tbe water," was returned. Mrs. Ryder was a widow, and leaves a son, who resides at E smton, Cameron Avenue, Balmain, and he has been communicated with by the police. The question whether justices of the peace who make gross errors in adjudicating upon cases should be called npon to pay costs has been more than one? incidentally referred to by Judges of the Supreme C rart, and the matter was forcibly brought under the notice of Mr. Justice Stephen in Cnambers on Friday. A man carrying on the business of a gunsmith at Gonlburn, was charged before two justices there with having while the tenant of the prosecutor, fraudulently and clandestinely removed furnitnre to prevent distraint (or overdue rent. The evidence given on behall of the landlord made out only a case of suspicion at the moBt, but the defendant called evidence which proved incontestably that the goods were removed by a furniture dealer to whom defendant was in arrears with his time payments, and he knew nothing about it, being away from Goulhnrn at tbe time. The justices, however, inflxted a penalty of ,£20, with the alternative of six months' imprisonment, and the defendant now appealed. His Honor granted the prohibition without hesitation, And -laid it wad rfftnoat a mfttterof considerfttiiju whether the justices should not be made to p ty the costs, as the conviction was a most unjust and improper one. He granted coBts, but whether they are to como out of the pockets of the justices or the landlord was uot definitely stated. On Monday laBt the police received intimation of tt>e death in Araluen of a man named James Kelly on the previous day. The deceased httd been a miner for manv years, and had resided at tho foot of Dirty B itter Cr«ek in a hut upon his own land, he having two allotments of three acres which be had purchased at auction from the Crown some years ago. He was an unmarried man and went about of late years in a very ragged and neglected condition, and apparently so miserably poor (being physically incipaciiated from work) that he was unable to supply himself with the common necessaries of life. Yet, as the saying is, the book must not always be taken by the cover, and it was commonly rumored that old Kelly was not in such beggarly circumstances as he appeared, and the s q iel has proved common report to be correct, for upon the police taking poesession ot his body and of his premises a:id belongings, as it was their duty to do in the case of a man who had been living alone like a hermit with neither wife nor child, upwards of £100 in sovereigns and half sovereigns, with a few pieces of silver, were found concealcd on bis person beneath bis old ragged clothes, together with bank deposit receipts for nearly £900, being close up £1000 in cash besides the deeds of his property, which were found in the hut also. A gentlemanly-looking German named Claus Oallerich appeared before Mr. Lie, S.M., at the Water Police Court, Sydney, on a charge of having fraudulently converted to his own use £136, the monev of Joseph Lang. Prosecutor stated that on March 24 last year be was leaving Sydney in the Kaiser Wilhelm. On joining the ship accused told prolocutor that the latter's brother-in-law had told him to take charge of his (prosecutor's) money and effects. Prosecutor then give him all bis jewellery and money to the amount of £136. The property was handed over j ust previously to leaving the Heads. Ling was to draw upon the money held by accused whenever he liked, and wai to be paid the balance at Bremen. On arriving in Germany he did not ask for the money, but took two trips to New York with accused. The latter said something about having over £200 stolen from his cabin. Senior-constable Power apprehended accused in the Alameda. Mr. L?e, S.M., asked accused what be had to say. O sllerich stated that he used to be chief steward on the Kaiser Wilhelm. Prosecutor gave him his money to take care of, and as a sum much larger was stolen from him on board he gave prosecutor hack his jewellery and some pawn tickets to recoup prosecutor for his loe». Mr. Lee considered the explanation sufficient and discharged accused. The following letter has been addressed to the Corowa Free Press :—" Sir,—In common with a great number of my fellow farmers I cannot suppress a feeling of disgust over the most unseemly delay in the completion of the Culcairn-Corowa railway . line. It should have been finished in October, 1891 ; then it was promised for the harvest in January, aud other and later promises have spun oqt the time until it is doubtful if the harvest of next January will derive any advantage from it. All the time no complaint has been made by the farmers, for whom the line is being constructed, and the contractors seem to have taken full advantage of their silence. Delay after delay his occurred. The completion is now more than six months overdue, with a likelihood of six mon hs more being added. Gould not tbe department apply the whip a little ? It is really absurd that stringent conditions ot contract should exist between the parties and that the puVic should have to put up with all the inconvenience. For unavoidable d^lay I would not be a party to censure the contractors, hut it does not appear to me and my neighbors that the fact that the eng'ne whistle is not now heard at Hnnefield and beyond, is attributable to unavoidable delay, and we are unitedly of opinion that some pressure should be brought to bear on the completion of the line in tbe interests of the district. —Thanking you in anticipation, yours, &c.;" The Farmer, one of the leading American agricultural papers, publishes an arf'cle which shows what little chance there is of tbe Americans^ abolishing their wool duties, and consequently the mistake of those who have thought that our new tariff was certain to force them to concession. The paper said in an issue received hv la*t anil;—"We call attention to Judge Wm. Lawrence's able address delivered before the Oiiio Live Stock Breeder*' Institute, published last week, on ' The importance of sheep husbandry to the farmers of Ohio.' It is the most complete, comnrehensive, and convincing article on tbis eubject ever published in these columns, whether the tariff influences are considered or not. The Judge is radical oa this su! j?ct. He has no use for foreign wools whatever. He says it is importing grain and grass, which is foolishly ruinous. The Farmer takes no side on the tariff q lestiou, but it has always maintained tbe popiuon that wool must be protected as long as protection is the policy of tbe country. Protecion must be applied to all Americin industries that have foreign competition, or to none. The production of wool is entitled to it just as much as tbe production of woollen goods. Tbe bill? that are bsing introduced iu the House of Representatives at Washington to muke wool free without making woollen goods free, are altogether unfair Lo ttie agricultural interests, and j will not be endorsed by the people ot this country." Mr. Dibbe' health is reallv very critical. He had a severe attack of kflirnmstion of the lungs, and as his system had pretty well run down it went hard with him for some daye. It was only by the best nursing aud the unremitting care of Dr. M'Lsuria that the disease was kept under. Ha went to Emu Plains on Saturday last, but he ouly looks tho ghost f f his former self. He has aged during his illness, and nobody would take the «eak-looking man who was out for a drive on Friday as the active, bouncisg man of a few weeks before. Mental worry, no doubt, has had much to do with Mr. Dibbs' illness. At all events, it aggravated the attack. He has not only had trouble with his colleagues and his supporters, but it is very well known that hia private affairs are mush entangled. A few years ago he was a fatrly well-to-io man, but now he is a poor one. The Shepherd case commenced his ruin, and politics have pretty well finished it. He is a stubborn man, who would sooner be cut into pieces than give in when he believes he is right. This trait in his character has caused bim a good deal of trouble in the past, and as men of bis age are seldom able to change, it will produce a good deal more in the future. He has been at war from tbe beginning, and will continue to fight to the end. In the last issue of the Grenfell Vedette, the editor and proprietor takes bis farewell of journalistic life, alt<r a struggling existence of bve years. The opportunity is taken to say a few home truths with reference to support usually accorded to couatry newspapers that may bear repeating. Th j writer says :—" As to the patronage extended to us, wo are satisfied that a fair share bm been accorded us. Some did not like us for our Protectionist views, others were against us because we displayed liberal views on religious matters, treating all secttrian matters under one head. Others did not patronise us because we had' the boldness to start a second paper, while another seciion did not like ua psreoaally—or had a private grudge for some supposed cr imaginary wrong. This being a free country all have the right in that way to do as they choose, therefore we do not presume to find fauit with them. Yet these are the very parties who will borrow the paper from their neighbours and read it with the satisfaction that they are getting it on tbe cheap. Then there are subscribers who never pay. They take the paper in a patronising sort of a way just to help you on a bit, yet the subscription is entirely forgotten. This is newspaper pitronage. Another good patron will order a three-shilling advertisement and leave without paying, expecting an account of it and a bill at tbe end of the qiarter. This is newspaper patronege." The question of tbe desirableness of having a fund established to provide for the necessities of nursr-s incapacita ed by age or infirmity from contineing their mission was incidentally mentioned at a mee;iog held in the Prince Alfred Hall, Sydney, last week for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to one of the sisters, who waB leaving the institution. The matter was brought forward by Dr. James Graham, who said he wished that those who were actuated by motives of noble philanthropy, and who had built hospitals and nurses horn s, would carry their good work one step further and provide a nurses' pension fund. It was not at all a comforting thought that women who de/oted the best of their years to the arduous toil of sick nursing, might find themselves stranded by age or infirmitv without tbe adequate means of support'. Skilled nursing did not sufficiently remunerate those who applied their lives to it. At the most it waB a living, and a bare one; many a fine woman broke down under the severe strain of the work, and nurses were seldom able to provide lor a rainy day. The nature of their work, and the ri-iks to life they all ran, entitled every genuine and qualified nurse to tbe verv highest consideration. It was pleasing to find ihat in Great Britain a pension fund had bepn rpcently established for the nursing class. DJUM'PFS it would prove a boon to many a worthy woman. He knew of no better or worthier object to which philanthropists in this country could devote their wealth. 