WELCOME TO THE REV. CHARLES UiUCiHT, A public meeting was held on Tuesday evening, June 7, in the Norwood lUptist Church to welcome to South Australia tbe Iiev. Charles Bright, who lias come over from Sydney to take charge of the Norwood Baptist Church. There was a crowded attendance, over which Mr. C. IL Goode presided. On the platform were a number of gentlemen representing different Churches and Christian Societies. The CHAIRMAN apologized for the absence of Mr. G. S. Fowler, who was confined to his bed with a severe cold. He joined in the hearty welcome which was to be extended to Mr. Bright that night. Tbe Bev. S. MEAD, M.A., LL.B., heartily welcomed Mr. Bright here on bebalf of the City Churches and tlie Missionary Society. He also welcomed him on behalf of tbe students present, and to come as be would be able to lend his valuable aid in preparing the young students for the mi-iistry. He also welcomed bim as a co worker in the good work they were all canving on. Mr. J. HoorEU, on behalf of the Chnrch and congregation of the Norwood Baptists, eaid it was a red-letter day for Norwocd. It was not tlie first tiuie that Mr. Bright had been here, for some years ago he preached in the same Church, and the impression lie left had not b-ieu forgotten. He looked forward to good noik being done in tbe future. Mr. II. J. BOLDER spoke on behalf of the Sundayschool workers. Mr. MORPHETT, on behalf of the Christian Endeavour Society, had much pleasure in welcoming Mr. Bright. He felt sure that the Society would reap the advantage of his pastorship. He had ever}- conlidence in placing themselves in his bands. Hie Bev. O. floGHE.v, the Chairman of the Baptist Association, in the name of the Baptists, accorded Mr. Bright a hearty welcome into their liiidtt. The Norwood Church would certainly be all tbe richer for the acquisition of such a good worker and friend as Mr. Bright. The Bev. W. F. MAIN, who represented the Presbyterian Church, said that the meeting reminded hiiu of a meeting of a precisely similar character in the Town HaU seven years ago that nigbt. The cccai-ion was the welcoming of himself to South Australia, and at that meeting tbe pastor of tbe Norwood Baptist Church was one who was foremost in the welcome. He was glad to be able now to return that welcome. If the world was to be conquered for Christ it must be done by co-operation between Christ's ministers. The Bev. A. W. WELLINGTON, on behalf of the Primitive Methodists, accorued Mr. Uright a hearty welcome as a fellow worker in the com^ja cause of the work for the Divine .Master. The Bev. W. H. CANN. in the name of the Bible Christians, extended a hearty welcome, and trusted his ministry here would be for good. The Bev. H. J. NICHOI.I.S, Congregational Union minister, gladly availed himself o! the opportunity of extending to Mr. Bright a very hearty welcome on that auspicious occasion. Mr. M. W. GREEN (Church of Christ), the Bev. JI. S. CASEI.Y (Wesleyan Methodist), Pastor FIELD- WICK (resident ministers), the Re7. W. E. RICK (Baptist). Mr. W. Bciu-ORD (Y.M.C.4.), and the Bev. W. B. FLETCHER, M.A. (Congregational) also spoke. The Bev. C. BBIGRT, when he rose to reply, was received with great enthusiasm. In the first placj he would like to express his obligition to all tbe ministers on the platform who had come to extend to bim such a beany welcome. It showed that all tbe Churches were one, although there might be differerces of opinion. They all preached the one Christ—the Clmat who had been at the back of all progress, and who had been the inspiror of all noble deeds that men had performed. The speaker discoursed on the words, " I believe in Gcd the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ, His Son, Our Lard. . . . . I believe ill the Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church." lie' bad never lived in denominatioiialism, but believed in the Holy Catholic Church—the Holy Universal Church—outside his ••wn denomination. It had always been his lot tn woi k in harmony with all branches of the Churc... llairuotedtliatincominc to ^outli Australia he would be able to live in the best amity, and hoped that his brethren would always Snd liini ready to assist tbom in the good work which lliey all had at heart. Tlie work of the Church was not in meeting once »• twice on Sundays to hear sermons or siiip Iiynjn^- NeitliCTwas it a Socielvformutual confiratnlatiuns. If the Church of Christ'meant anything at -ill it wis a Society where everv one helped each ami all. Tlie business of the ClmrVh w«s to Imitate Cluist and tn help humanity onto that, poll towards which all their attention sliouM be ovi/r t urned. During the evening the choir rendered several anthems, and closed the meeting wi;h theDoxology. 