REAL GHOST STORIES; From the Jtcvien of JReviewsf kow a double saved a life,' . Tas Rev, Mr. Talbot, is now, as he has been for .fifteen years, at Wooburn, Bucks, the father of my late pastor. He gave me the fol lowing account of the apparition r— " My mother hnd an extraordinary power of foreseeing and also of seeing visions. Of her premonitions and dreams I could give you many instances but as that is not the point at present, I will give you the narrative of hef other faculty, that of Beeing spiritual or phaiitasmal forms which were" not visible to others. We were sitting at tea one evening, when my mother suddenly exclaimed, ( Dear me, Mrs. Lister is coming up the path, with her handkerchief to her eyes as if crying, on her way to the door. What can have brought her out at this" time ? There seems to be some thing the matter With her head.' I will go to the door and let her in.' So saying, my mother arose and went to the front door, where she firmly expected to find Mrs. Lister. None of the rest of us had Seen Mrs. Lister come up the path, but as our attention might have been occupied in another direction' we did not think anything of it. To my mother's astonishment, when she reached the door Mrs. Lister was not visible. She came back into the room much disturbed. 1 There is something the matter with Mrs. Lister,' she said ' f am certain there is. Yoke the horses, and we will drive over at once to the Lister's house— which Btood about one- mile from our place — and see what is the matter.' My father, knowing from of old that mother had reason for what she said, yoked the horse and drove with my mother as rapidly as possible to Lister's house. When they arrived there they knocked at the door there was no nrswor. Opening the door they found no one downstairs." My mother th9n went to Mrs. Listers bedroom and found the unfortunate lady, apparently breathing her last, lying in a pool of" blood. Her husband, in a fit of insanity, had severely beaten her and left ber for dead, "and then went and drowned himself in a pond. My father immediately went off for a doctor, who was able to stitch np Mrs. Lister's worst wounds and arrest the bleeding. In the end Mrs. Lister recovered, owing ber life entirely to the fortunate circumstance that at the moment of losing consciousness she had apparently been able to project a visual phantasm of herself be fore the window of our tea-room. She was a friend of my mother's, and no doubt in ber dire extremity had longed for her company. This longing in Mrs. Lister, in some way unknown to us, probably produced the appearance which startled my mother and led to her prompt ap pearance on the scene of the tragedy." This story was told me by Mr. Talbot, who was then a boy, seated at the table at which his mother witnessed the apparition, and was regarded by him as absolutely true. Evidence in support of it will now be somewhat difficult to get, as almost all the witnesses have passed over to the majo rity, but I have no reason to doubt the truth of the Btory. ' s more doubles seeking help. The Btory of Mrs. Lister's double appearing to I Mrs. Talbot when in imminent peril of death, i however it may be scouted by the sceptics, is at | leaBt entirely in accord with many other narra- tives of the kind. | A member of the Psychical Research Society | in Southport sends me the following account of ; an apparition of a severely wounded man, which j hears considerable resemblance to Mr. Talbot's, tj although its evidential value is nothing like so £ good. Its importance rests solely in the fact i that the apparition appeared as the result, not of » death, but of a very serious injury which might have had fatal consequences : — I A Scotch waitress in my employ, whilst lay ing the cloth for dinner one day waB startled by perceiving her father's face looking . at her .. through the window. She rushed out of the | room and opened the front door, expecting to see jj him. Greatly surprised at finding no trace of 3" him, after carefully searching the front garden, and looking up and down the road, she came in, .and sitting down in the hall nearly fainted with fright. On inquiring for particulars she told me she had distinctly seen her father's face, with a distressed expression upon it, looking earnestly at ber. She seemed much troubled, and felt sure something was wrong. A few days after this vision a letter cams, saying that her father (a Scotch gamekeeper) had been thrown from a dog cart and nearly killed. She left my employ to go and nurse him. Here is another story that is sent me by a cor respondent in Belsize Park Gardens, who vouches for the bona fides of the lady on whose-authority he tells the tale : — 50, BelBize Park Gardens, London, N.W., October 17th, 1891. Some years ago, a lady named L.B. was stay ing with relations at Beckenbam, her husband being away at a shooting party in Essex. On a certain afternoon, when she had, as she says, no especial reason for her husband being recalled to her mind, Bhe was somewhat surprised on looking out of her bedroom window, to see him, as she imagined, entering the front garden gate. Won dering what could have been the cause of the unexpected arrival, she exclaimed to her sister- in-law, " Why there's Tom 1" and went down stairs thinking to meet him entering the house. He was nowhere to be seen. Hot long after wards there arrived the news that her husband had been shot accidentally and considerably injured. Directly they met she related to him her curious vision, and on eompnring notes it was discovered that it had certainly taken place more or less at the same hour as the accident, the husband declaring that as he fainted away his wife was moBt distinctly present in his thoughts. There were, unfortunately, no means of exactly fixing the hour, but there was no doubt at the time that the two occurrences — viz., the halluci nation and the accident — must have anyhow taken place within a short time of one another, if not simultaneously. Here we have an incident not unlike that which occurred to Mrs. Talbot — the unexpected appari tion of the phantasm or dual body of one who at the moment was in imminent danger of death. TaleB of this class are somewhat rare, but when they do occur they indicate conclusively that there is no connection between the apparition of the wraith and the deceose of the person to whom it belongs. a double. from shipboard During my visit to Scotland in the month of October the subject of this number naturally formed the constant topic of conversation, and many stories were told. of all degrees of value bearing upon the subject. The following narra tive came to me ns follows :: — We tiad been visiting the Forth Bridge, driving down from Edinburgh in the public conveyance. Shortly before our visit three men had fallen from one of the piers of the bridge and been killed. The question was mooted as to whether or not they would haunt the locality, and from this the con versation naturally turned to apparitions of all kinds. As we readied Edinburgh on our return a middle-aged passenger who had been seated on a seat turned round and said, " What can yon- make of this Btory, for the truth of which I' can vouch : — A young sailor, whose vessel at that moment was lying at Limerick Harbor, appeared to his father, who at that time was at home with the rest of his family in Dublin. He appeared to him in the eariy morning. At breakfast his father told the rest of his family that he had seen his son, who had 6aid to him :: 1 In my locker you will find a Bible in the pocket of my coat.- En that Bible yon will find a place-keeper which was given me by my sweetheart after I left jmme, and on it are the words, " Remember me." ' That day at noon the young sailor, after making ready dinner for the crew, went up aloft, miBsed his footing, fell, and was killed. His effects were fastened up in his locker and Bent r through1 the Customs EfouBe to his father. When they arrived' the locker was opened, and exactly as the apparition' had- described the Bible was found in the pocket of the coat, and in the Bible a place-keeper, which none of the family had Been, on which were the words ' Remember me.' " "But," said I to my fellow-passenger, "how do you know the story is true?" "Because," he Said, " the sailor was my brother, aud I remem ber my father telling us about the vision at the ' breakfast table." Unfortunately I did not ask the name and address of my informant. We were just alighting froui the drag, and I con tented myself with giving him my name and address, and asking him to write out an account, with full particulars, dates, etc., with verifica tion. This he promised to do, but,unfortunateIy, beseems to have forgotten his promise, and a story which, if fully verified, . would be very valuable, can only be mentioned as a sample of the narratives which are reported on every hand if people show sby disposition to receive them with interest, or, in fact, with anything but scornful contempt. Should his statement be confirmed by a witness, who should be easily obtainable, it would be extraordinary indeed, for inthis case the phantasm of the living seems to have had a premonition of its doom, which im pelled it to the father of the sailor at least four hours before his sudden , and unexpected death in order to make a communication to him, not of much importance in itself, excepting inasmuch as it contained information which was not at that time in possession of any member of the family, and thus proved the identity of the ap parition. 