SUEZ MAIL EXTRACTS. The vague idea entertained as to the laws which regulate the succession to the throne have induced moro than one paper to draw up a list of the heirs direct and collateral. The St. James's Gazette has distinguished itself by mentioning no less than seventy-two barnes, the seventy-second being that of Princess May, the betrothed of the late Duke of Clarence. After Prince George comeB the Duchess of Fife, and, unless she is blessed with a son, her daughter," the Lady Alexandra Duff. The Duke of Edinburgh stands seventh on the list, the Dnke of Connaught thirteenth, the Empress Frederick of Germany nineteenth, the German Emperor twentieth, the Marchioness of Lorne forty-seventh, Princess Henry of Battenberg forty-eighih, the Duke of Cumberland-descended, of course, from George III.-fifty-third, the Duke of Cambridge sixty-second, the Duchess of Teck sixty-eighth, and last the lady who, under happier auspices, would have been the wife of the Prince whose name would have stood second. Some forms of literature pay. Evidence of this was given in the work of a Jubilee Plunger, whose book, " faked" as it was by a " ghost," had an ex- tensive, sale. Now we learn that General Grant's family has realised out of the General's memoirs no less a sum than .£82,791 of English money. This is a success, with a vengeance. But everyone,can- not be a Ulysses S. Grant, otherwise there might be more successful writers. I It is stated that the friends of Mrs. Osborne have decided to pay to Messrs. Spink the eum of ¿6550, the amount which they gave for Messrs Har- greaves jewels. On Friday last the solicitors re- presenting the plaintiff in the recent action sent a cheque for ¿6300 and -8250 in ¿850 bank-notes, to the Treasury, for Messrs. Spink. On Saturday that money was handed over by the Treasury authori- ties to the City Police, and it is now in the hands of Inspector Taylor, of the City Police, who, it is understood, will carry out the wishes of Mr. Os borne's friends. Statistics for the year 1891 show the total value of fish landed on the coasts of the United Kingdom t.ibe J37.003.619, of which England is credited with £t,870,206, Scotland with £1,829,786, and Ireland £308,627. The English takes give an increase of £127,800 over1 the last year's, and the Scotch an augmentation of £202,325 ; but the Irish figurés showa decline of'£65,222. Most distressing details have reached St. Peters- burg-concerning the fate of the 14,000 peasants who emigrated to Siberia from the famine-stricken distriots. 'Being destitute of money and provisions, they were unable to proceed beyond the Sibprian town ofTiumen, where thay are now living in rude- ly constructed wooden shads, which are devoid of anything in the shape of heating appliances and afford little shelter agaîDat the weather. The un- fortunate people are consequently nearly frozen, and numbers are dying from typhus, scarlet fever, and measles. In some of the families both parents have died, leaving fchpir ohildren absolutely desti- tute and with no one to cara for them. The village priests, moreover, refuse to administer the last sacramenta to the dying or to officiate at funerals, as the emigrants are unable to pay them, for their services. In some instances, when asked to visit sick emigrants, the pripsts order them to bp brought to the churches at the risk of the patients' live3, and in others the suppliants are referred from one priest to another ; the invariable excuse bniag that the clergy are too busy to attend to them. The bodies of the dead are taken to the cemetery in a cart, sometimes three or four ata time, and buried together in one large grave without even a wooden cross being placed to mark the spot. The sur- vivors are earnestly longing for the return of spring hoping that they will then be able to resume their journey, although well knowing that no one will help i hem on their way or do anything to ameliorate their pitiable condition. Mr. J. F. Hogan, the well-known Australian author, has contributed to the Sunday Sun an account of his conversations with the late Cardinal Manning What the Cardinal said about Australia will be read with con- siderable interest in the colonies. Mr. Hogan says:-"The Cardinal was onr> of the first on whom I called when I arrived in London. Be- fore my departure from Australia I published a volume of my magazine storips and sketches. Some of the latter were on Catholic subjects. I sent a copy to Cardinal Manning, and in due course received a very kindjand encouraging acknowledge- ment, together with an intimation that he would be very pleased to see me when I came to London. % I shall never forget the graciousnesa and courtesy of my reception a few months afterwards at the Arch- bishop's House Westminster. We conversed on colo- nial topics, and I well remember how he spoke of Austra'ia a3 a ' splendid imperial inheritance,'and expressed an parnest hope that it wonld never be forfeited through ' mistakes and misunderstandings in Downing Street.' He questoned me about the aMeged Republican sentiment? of the native Aus- tralians, and he was evidently haunted by the fear that Australia might be lost to the Empire like the United StoteB of America." Miss Nelson, a young American who has boen singing in the Paris café concerts for some years, has just commenced, a fast of thirty days at the Terminus Hotel, to prove the efficacy of an elixir composed of herbs and fruits of South America. This is the first time she has fasted in public, but she m?de a fast in private. On' that- ocasión she abstained from all food during twenty- seven days, with the aid of sixty centilitres of her elixir per day. Fortunately Miss Nelson is the only woman who has yet attomptpd to emulate the sense- less attempts of a few of the opposite sex to defy the laws of nature. The most notable trait in the Duke of Clarence's character has scarcely been memtioned by either writers or preachers. He was a very dutiful son and the moat affectionate of brothers. He was always happy when in the socioty of his nearest relations, and the family cirole was throughout his life his chief interest. The now unfashionable virtue of filial piety was certainly the moat marked feature in his character, and no parent had a more thoroughly docile son. He implicity obeyed their wishes on every occasion. The Duke had a real veneration for the Queen, with whom his relations were always most affectionate. The project of making Brussels a real seaport is said to be progressing. According to the official statements made in the Provincial Council of Brabant, the cost of widening the canal connecting Brussels with the sea will be 20,000,000fr., that of ? the harbour works to be executed at Brussels 12,000,000fr., that of a dry dock l,000,000fr., and finally, the vaulting over of the River Sennette 2,000,000fr. Edinburgh was the scene of a "romantio'» marriage on Tuesday, Jan. 19, when Miss Carolino Petre Anstruther, granddaughter of the late Hon. Mr. Stewart Mackenzie of Seaforth, and youngest daughter of a late Colonial Secretary of Ceylon, gave her hand to a well-known crofter delegate and platform orator in the far north, Mr. Duncan Mackay, of Durinish, a fishing village, N.B. Miss Austruther had long been known in Scotland as an energetic, hardworking woman in many economic schemes in that country. She was married from the houBo of her cousin, Miss F. Mackenzie, daugh- ter of the late Lord Mackenzie, of the Court of Session, and niece of Henry Mackenzie, author of " The Man of Feeling." The gross amount raised by taxation in France is greater than that of any country in which authentio figures are forthcoming. In this respect -contrary, perhaps to the general belief-the United States comes next. Great Britain follows, then ' Austria-Hungary, Russia, Italy, British India, and Spain. Coming to the taxation per head of the population it is found that Great Britain stands higher than any other independent country except Franco and the Argentine Con- federation. The National debts of the world have also engaged the attention of this inquirer, who re- ports that the total indebtedness of Great Britain and her dependencies reaches to about 1166 millions sterling; that 690 millions, or nearly three fifths, of this amount is owing by Great Britain herself; 206& millions by India; 175 millions, or one-seventh of the whole, by the Australasian colonies; and the remainder-94J millions-by Canada, the Cape of Good Hope, and other British colonies. Australia has, undoubtedly, developed a remarkable faculty for borrowing. Taken as a whole, Australasia's indebtedness is stated to be. in proportion to population, more than two-and-a half times as large as that of the United Kingdom, which in this respect is far above any of its other dependencies. The German Federal Council held a sitting on Jan. 21, under the presidency of Herr von Böfcticher, to consider a bill for the repression of public immo- rality. This measure (the Berlin correspondent of the Times says) has, since its publication, been largely acted upon. Men, who, for offences which would formerly have brought three months' imprisonment upon them, have.on proof that they were " souten- eurs/' been sentenced to five years penal servitude Moreover, the police have taken to using their sabres against suspected "souteneurs" in a way never heard of beforo. Nevertheless, the Government does not consider that the law courts and the police are yet armed with sufficient powers for the entire repression of the social evil which the Emperor desires to stamp out; hence the new bill laid be- fore the Federal Council. 