STRANGE REMEDIES. There is an interesting paper in Cltunten'i Journal upon " Strange Diseases and Strange Bemedies" as observed and prautived in Ireland. We make one or two extracts :— A POWERFUL CHABM. Credulity and superstition are not confined to the lower classes alone in Irelanl. A story told me as an actual fact by an educated lady, the daughter and sister of a clergy man, might very well be classed as an instance of both. We were diseasing the subject of charms, and I wa< surprised to see that she believed in than herself, as did also her reverend brother. " I cannot doubt what I know to be true myself," die said; and told ns the following tele, which I give in her own words:—" There was a man in our village, a respectable shopkeeper, who was afflicted with as enormous tumour in his n rhwlr. I well remember the feelings of awe and curiosity with which I used to inspect his profile-in church when I was a child. He sat a few pews in front of ns, and X could not resist the temptation of watching him all throngh-the service, and looking for the grotesqaeefiects of hisenormousljexaggerated cheek. His infirmity seemed to increase witii years, and the poor man was • frightful object. One day not long ago I passed a man in the village street whose face I-seemed to know, and vet I could not -think of his name.. It suddenly dawned npon *ne it was Mr. without Jiis swoSan cheek! I could hardly believe my setup; and followed bim into a shop on purpose to see if it reelly oould he the man I had aeen only the Sunday before, eo marvellously changed in such a short time. Yes, it certainly was Mr. . He addressed me first, sa; ~ d suppose you hardly recognise meand then he told me how he was cured. Itwas by a charm ! He was advised to go out the first sight the new moon was visible, and, after saying, 'In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' to wave a dinner plate round his head nine times towards the new moon. He did so, and in the morning his tumour had completely disappeared!' Such was the tale told to me asd implicitly believed in by an educated Irish lady. HK&OIC; KKASUBES. The lower orders of the Irish are, as a role, rather hypochondriacal, and they are fond of trying peculiar remedies for their ailments. A favourite poultioe for wounds is a paraffin fan^ta scraped and some cabbage, all boiled together. A simple bat rather nnpleasaut remedy for a cat leg was reoommended to an old man—it was to sit with bis leg in a boghole all night. This he tried with perfect success. His leg got quite well; but, as he died of bronchitis a few days afterwards, he did not long enjoy his " perfect cure." A carpenter, who in chopping wood had cat a slice off his shinbone with the hatchet, first applied a poultice of nettles and salt. His not healing it immediately, he pot on a bandage soaked in Venice turpentine. As the wound remained obstinate, and even got worse under his gentle treatment, he determined to be firm ;with it and show it be would stand so more nonsense; so he burned it with blue stone ! He did not lose the leg; hat it did not recover until less heroic remedies were used. A poor'man suffering from inflammation of the eye caused by a thorn, had blue-stone blown in. He did lose the eye. A VILLAGE TRAGEDY. A favourite remedy for every kind of internal pam is hot vinegar punch • indeed, vinegar, taken either cold or hot it is considered almost a specific for everything. It must be comforting in some cases! Xt is nmch used for a " squeezin' on the hart," which is the commonest complaint of all. They are a kindly and sympathetic race, always ready to help each other in cases of «icVn<»«a) either with nursing- or good advice; hat I fear in most cases the remedies •prescribed are far worse than the disease. A village tragedy occurred in my own knowledge. A young blacksmith, whose >nfe bad presented him with their £rft baby, was horrified to find that the Infant -had been- bom with teeth. So unusual an erenfc must he nnlncky - &Q; the poor baby's teeth w^rdrawn by the^nns n "babyskilled hand -tf^the B'.. —^ died ; and the mother, %dftK^edsrfa grieval by the Boeno. died soon afterwards. -'But e sure, he'd never have had lock or grace if them unlucky teeth hadn't been dhrew." 