[?] A respectable-looking .anan named John Johnson or Campbell, described as a commercial traveller, was, at tu§Watet;Pdliegd6uftifliigffl6fhing, sen tenced to three days' g^M for having; refused to pay Is BtJ for drinks supplisdto him &t; the Albert Hotel, TouDgistreeb ,* , ; i M. K6#alski ki& compoiea fe ' MMitatio'n,' wlriehiS to be plafe^at f&8 f ar6w§ll MuEin cb&- c^rtin the Gentennial HaU thie evening b^ ti&& following artiste: 'MeasrS. ? Mu§in, I*t)ussar4, Pefehotsch, Strauss, Wiegand, and Kowalsfci. Professor Anderson, M.A., \rill lecturp at Leigh. House to-moffow (Sunday) nigiiti his subje&t; being, ** Why I am Not a Sociaiisfc*' . A magic lantern, lecture, entitled ' A Tout through England, Ireiand, and Scotland)' was given by the J2ev- S. H. Maedade in the Gentenary Hall, on Friday eveningi Theare wfts a goed attendance. The lecture was illustrated by .many beautiful photographic, views flhova by lift. Macdade, and was very interesting; The case of John Dungey, a leadiner Weslfejran, who was civilly proceeded against in ih8 Adelaide Supreme Court for improperly lending fb relafiotis and others large same of whidh he w6b trustee, wats concluded yesterday, when the judge ordered his removal from the trust. Lbftns ffi the etfeeiit of over £8000 were declared brfeaches of trust a&a; ordered to be repaid with 10 per eehti interest. A mass meeting under the auspice! bf the Aus tralian Socialist League will beheld in the Domain «n Sunday afternoon, when Messrs. Slack, Eae, atid Davi^. Ms.L.A.. will sceak oIl rtTh& I*reS6nt Political Situatidn and the' Law Sind Order Cfaze.' A machinist named John Williams, 22, Residing at M6lf6se-st*e6t, Ofdyddn Park, was admitted to Sydney Hospital on FVidajr a!terfa6bn with Ms right hand badly crushed. White at wort at Anthony Hordern's factbry, in Great Bubkingham etreet, Eedfern, his hand was caught in a turning: Machine. ; The Hewtbwn Brass Band^ under Iffir. Thomas Mellor, coHductor, will perform the following selections in Victoria Park on Sunday, at 3 p.mi : Chorus — 'The Heavens are Telling/' Haydn; ' Kyrie and Gloria,' Mozart; ** Quondo Cbrpus,*' Eossini; ' Worthy is the Lamb,' Handel; ^Hal lelujah,' Handel; tl God Save the Queen.** Views in and around Parkee of different parts of the district, accompanied by interesting de scriptive letterpress, appear in the Town axd Country Joubnal of October 1* At Lithgow on Thursday a conference' was held between the representatives of the miners and the associated colliereu Several minor points at issue were discussed. 1 In connection frith the Lithgow coal trade the average time worked during the wefek will not amount to three shifts. At the Lithgow ironworks matters are reported to be fairly good. The nrBt bitting' of the land appeal court was held at Cooma on Friday, when a large number of appeal cases were disposed of. The Melbourne Marine Board has decided to lay a charge of misconduct by careless navigation against the Captain of the ship Drumblai? . A wire from Wilcannia states that the Darline is rising at all the upper river stations. In Melbourne a case in which J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., executor for the late Thomas Monaghan, claimed sE6000 from J. L. Bow, 5*. Uimmo,,T. Ferguson, J. E. Gouflay, M. J. Jones, J. Stewart;, and D. Lumsden, formerly members of the com mittee oi management of the Premie? Permanent Biiilding Society, was commenced on Friday and adjourned. The Murrumbidgee was falling at Wagga 6n Friday, but rising in the upper distridt. For sparkling letterpress and high artistic work consult the weekly issue of LutuSTEA^o Sydney News. The great medical congress is specially dealt with in this week's IxiLustbated Sydney News. Eev. H. G. Blackie, of Albert Park ( Vic.}, has declined the call to the pastorate of the Bathurst street Baptist Church, Sydney. Eev. T. W. Dunn, of Albert Park Presbyterian Church, Melbourne, has been unanimously elected to £11 the vacancy caused by the death of the late Eev. Eobert Collie, in the Presbyterian charge at Newtown. The Eight Eev. Dtf. Camidge, Bishop of Bathurst, arrived at Eugowra on Friday, and held a confirmation service in the afternoon in St. Matthew's Anglican Church. Twenty-two candidates were confirmed. Shearing is about to commence in the Eusjowra district. Eosebank and Wangan sheds are now in full swing, and Nanami, Eugowra, and other sheds commence next month. No trouble id anticipated with the men. For the quarter just ended the Customs collec tions at Brisbane amounted to .£186,423, being a decrease of £13,160 as compared with the cor responding quarter last year. For the month of September the collections show a decrease of .£8324 as compared with last year. Friday's Customs receipts amounted to J23O19. * At the Mudgee Circuit Court on Friday Charles Wiliiam Lawson, charged with! burglary, was sen tenced to seven years' penal servitude. Alexander Scott, for personating another person with intent to obtain property, was sentenced to 12 months' hard labor. Alfred Davis, charged with mali* ciously damaging electric-lighting machinery at Young's flour mill, -Gulgong, was acquitted. The Eev. William Scott will represent the Con gregational Union of New South Wales at the approaching annual session of the Victorian union. Th» Eev. Dr. Bevan. will represent the latter union at the annual meetings of the Queensland Congregational Union. The E.M.S. Ophir brings the following Catholic priests for Sydney : The Eevs. W. Hayden, J. Carroll, J. Whyte; J. Dalton, J. Dunne, T. Phelan, P. O'Shea, and M. Hogan. A complete ghost story of a thrilling character, entitled 'The Headless Seeker,' appears in this week's issue of the Ll&ustkated; Sydney News. ? News from Launceston states that a miner named George Matfin fell down the shaft of the new Tasmania Mine on Friday, and was Trilled, The libel action of Groom v. the Age, i-10,000 damages, which has been occupying the attention of the Melbourne Court for a week, has been postponed until Mr. Justice Holroyd has finished circuit business. On Friday Mr. F. Benhick, Engineer-in-Chief for Eailways, was examined. He stated that matters in connection with the Warxagui Station arrangements were incorrectly represented by defendant's paper. Next week the jury will visit the different localities referred to in connection with the case. The Australian Alliance Assurance Company in Melbourne On Friday declared a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. A bonus of 2s 6d per share was also declared. It is rumored in Brisbane that Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Company contemplate embarking in the Queensland trade, and- will this year tender for the contract for the weekly mail service to Cooktown via ports, which expires shortly. The steamer Wooiioomooloo K went aground in. Princess Charlotte Bay ^Q.) at midnight On Sunday laBt, and 200 tons of coal were jettisoned, fohe floated off at high tide. .„ Tattersall's are the only genuinely successful con sultations in the colony.— 0. ( BoeehiU October. EosehilL October 8. 10,000 at 10\. Now open and filling1 rapidly. Address Tattr BalL e.o.G. Adams, Htfc-eteeefc. — 0. 