ANGLING. I PRINCESS LOUISE AS A SALMON ! ANGLER. 'FEW COULD HANDLE A FI6H WITH HER.' The Fishing Gazette publishes tbe follow ing letter from Mr John Mowatt, a Scotch man in his seventy-second year, who for 55 years has been familiar with the Canadian salmon rivers, and for about ascore of years a fishing officer of the Dominion. It describes how Princess Louise killed salmon on the ttestigoucue Kiver in uanaoa. Upon reading in Shooting and Fishing of the 2&th; July of the capture of a salmon in the famous Princess Louise Pool in the Restigouche, 1 was reminded of the night, or rather evening, that 1 named it. On the occasion of thc visit of the royal party to the fishing grounds, thc lessees, Messrs. Fleming and Brydges gave up the river for the sea son. It was in good trim, fine water, fisb plentiful, and no rods allowed. I was ordered to escort the party to and from the Indian House Pool, and fitted up Mr Brydge's famous barge Great C&sar;'s Ghost. When on our way down the river, Her Royal Highness Baid to me, ' 1 aui not yet tired of fishing ; please stop the boat where you think we can have 6ome sport.' I did so at the mouth of Chain Rock Brook, half-a-mile I or so below the pooL Lord Lome, the Duke I of Argvle. and his daughters and aids left us there, going down in their bark canoes, leading tbe Princes*, Lady MucNamara, Carpenter (detective), two Indians, myself, and boat'6 crew. The Princesss called me and said she would be ready to go when 1 ; thought it time. The day was warm, with ! south wind, and towards afternoon clouds , beean to rise. About 4 o'clock I called the tl.o r/xi,lv. T tr.nV i the stern of the boat turning out one of the men, rather against her will, as she requested me to sit down. 1 told her I wanted to manage the canoc myself. We soon got up to the ground, about 250 yards above the fall of tbe Hero Rapid. After anchoring, the Princess handed me the fly-book, saying, 'You know best what fly is most likely to kill.' Not finding a fairy, I put on one of my own, a middling sized brown. First fish broke hold before anchor was raised ; second fish did the same before it came to gaff, and this seemed to disappoint her very much. 1 said as tbe sun lowered the fish would take hold better, and just then we had a slight shower with soiue wind and cooler. It was then about ti o'clock and the Princcss struck a lish which held, and was landed in 11£ minutes, and was 241b in weight. Next fish wa6 foul hooked behind the gill- cover and took 22 minutes. Whilst playing her fish she said to me. ' Don't be afraid to tell me if I do not handle them properly ; I should have killed the last one quicker, be was only 221b, and I feared he would go through the rapid.' I said, ' You hold very h&rii; ; your cast could bear no more.' Our next fish was a 26-pounder, and thc fourth and last a 27-pounder, which I gaffed out of the canoe when within 15 yards of the rapid at 8 o'clock. We could have killed another, but the midges were pretty plenty, and concluded to quit. On our way to the barge the Princess said to me, MIf you had been with me all the time I would have made a much larger score (about 30), and if I ever come again you must promise to go with me.' I then told her that the |K-ol had no name, and asked her per mission to call it Princess Louise Pool, and ' so it was named. I must say that.few anglers cauld handle a fish with Her Highness. She I used a heavy English lSftr od, and her I strong right arm (after the fish got his I second run over) would lift his head clear of the water. 