THE SKETCH ER. GETTING READY FOR CHURCH. Br RANELAGII. Agnes ! If you don t get out ot my way I'll do something desperate to you. I should like to know how I am ever to be ready in time for church when you stick yourself in front of the glass the whole time!" " Kit, dear! Let not your angry passions rise," came a voice from the distance. " For goodness sake, Jack, stop that noise ! It is not the least use for you to worry, lie cause 1 won't have time to do anything for you." This edifying conversation took place on a Sunday morning, time about 10.15. a.m., be tween two sisters, respectively nineteen and fifteen years of age, who were in their room dressing for church, and a brother out side of it vainly pleading to he admitted. " Kit 1" This came in despairing accents from the voice outside. " Well!" in a voice that implied, "you may talk as much as ever you like, and it won't affect me." " How's ajpooriellow to be ready by half past lO vben liis best coat is minus two buttons, when he hasn't a brass farthing for the collection, and has lost the run ot his prayer book?" "The fellow himself Bhould be the best judge of that," Miss Kit retorted. " You girls have hearts of stone. I should have thought you would be sorry for a poor beggar in trouble." Jack, apparently, was not heartbroken. He Waisof a placid temperament, or, as he expressed it, " He Was a philosophical kind of chap." His present trouble seemed to lie lightly upon hipi, for he was calmly sitting on the mat aVtheenttance to his sisters room, his back turned to the door, against which he gave ev«ty minute or so a vigorous bang by way of eiriphasisin^ his statements. Hie hands yere plunged into his pockets, and the ooat needing repairs lay bynisside. Such ^Mtce^lngei on the part of any girl's brotber.-bje she ever so amiably disposed, do n6til«na w fi«^%h -her. temper, and to any one feelipg^fttallj^grftvRted thev seemed-to express die case mildly-intensely irri tating ': His last retnadcbeing ignored, Juck pro ceeded:- . " Some g^yiould only be too delighted to act the part pf aifl^ Samaritan. Perhaps if I happened/to we another girl's brother you would atteadto iuy mending more care " Don't try sarcasm. Jack. One needs to be clever for that *kind of thittg. and you ktroTrps^thlBtromAgnes. " Girls, girls, let me in, here's the pater!" " Oh, don't, don't, we can't, we're not 4 g^J'Y tV^aWack prevented any further diBcussion as to his admission by boldly thWwihg d^h' tJie doot and sprittring in. tfc? ^UteM; hadeetued into a oomerby this tame, and were imploring him to leave the room, but such a step was quite beyond the limits of MsstelJhckJft, intentions. 1 No mit|*;"i^fhV,! glancing coolly at ins sisters. " rif I'^B-feen to dances with you heaps of time*} but if you object to my being hei&'iUl iosttum to the window till you're fixed up/' Aoompromise with which the girls had to be contented, and so stepped to^andbegan^iations afresh. ; atepS-itt^MTlt waa Mr, Ctetfw'a variable custom to attend church with his family every Sunday morning, no excuse for non-attendance being allowed but sickness or very wet weather, lie was a very punctual man, but, unfortunately, was not blessed with a punctual family; and so, in order that hischildren should beinreadinesstostart at the appointed hour, it was the father's habit to keep his children posted up in the: time. From 10.20 to 10.30 a.m., then, Mr. Chester was. as Jack irreverently said, "on his beat," which meant that he paced up and down the halls, stopped at each room, and informed the inmates how many minutes were left them before starting. So Jack had wisely left his lowly seat. To relieve the monotony of the situation the incorrigible began-" There isn't the ghost of a sign of rain; it's horribly fine. Strange thing," he reflected aloud, " how it j always pours on Saturday, when a fellow has a show of enjoying himself." " I don't know about that," Agnes con descended to say. " It has often struck me that going to church is even better than a chapter of ' Paley's Evidences' to read and the epitome of it to write out afterwards." "Little girls," observed Jack loftily. " should be seen and not heard. How can a child of your age be expected to appreciate that noble dissertation, that superb treatise on the Christian religion, that most precious heritage left to the children of the Church, that " " Fiend of a dressmaker!" ejaculated poor Kit, who had been struggling with the fasten ings of a new dress until she had become fairly exasperated. "Kathleen and Agnes! you have seven minutes left. You are making a most un seemly noise for the Sabbath, too, quite a disgrace to any respectable household. Let me hear no more of it." An awed silence prevailed for a few se conds, but as the sound of Mr. Chester's footsteps became fainter Agnes found courage to whisper to her brother, " You coward! not content with bothering us until we are I almost beside ourselves, you must get us into | trouble now. I wouldn't b$ as mean for anything; anyhow, you'll be late, and that is one consolation." Having thus delivered herself, this fiery little lady resumed the buttoning of her frock. " My dear child< I've outgrown the Collects and Thirty-nine Articles as punishments on that score. Our respected parent thinks that as I have arrived at years of discretion, the qualms of conscience I must suffer are the best punishment for me. Well, it's a beauti ful idea, as you will find in time." This, with a fatherly air, as Master Jack never lost an opportunity of vaunting to his youngest sister his two years' superiority in the point of age. "The pater bestows a blood-curdling look on me, I look wretched, he looks pleased, and so we come to quite an amicable j arrangement" "Asyou have forced yourself where you are not wanted, Jack, just see if you can pull this dress straight," said Kit, with a touch of j asperity in her voice. Jack eagerly turned to help his sister, for I it was getting late, and what was he to do if | Kit should "turn snake-headed." Yet, willing as he was to help, it must be ad- j mitted tliat boys' hands are altogether un- J fitted to grapple with the mysteries of girls' I back draperies, and so it happened that in a j few seconds Jack was pushed aside amid ] scathing remarks on the stupidity and use- j lessness of boys generally. Agnes, however, had pity on her unfortunate sister, and the i rebellious draperies soon fell into position at the touch of feminine fingers. Then Kit be came a degree more amiable, and having: hastily put on her liat she felt her heart softening to that awkward, yet much-be-1 loved brother who was seated at the edge of a bed looking ruelully at his buttonless gar-j ment. " Poor old fellow! he is stupid, but I sup pose he cannot help being as Nature has madehira,"shesaidtcherself.andthensnatch-1 ing the coat from his arm, she rushed to a workbox, extracted a needle and 6ome thread, and began her task at once. It took j about three minutes to sew the buttons on, and a minute more to provide this improvi dent boy with a prayer-book and a shilling, I which he promised faithfully to return " when the governor gave him his quarterly sere fffor Jack, as well as the girls, had to find, his own "collections" from his allow ance, which was such a draw on his capital | that be often depended on his sisters' generosity towards the end of the quarter. Half a minute more he had jumped out of a side window into the garden below, and in another had leaped through the window into his own room with the greatest composure. The girls, restored to something like their usual state of equanimity, hastily finished dressing, declaring that some day their heed less brother would get himself into serious trouble through his habit of unconventional visiting, when, for the second time, the door was unceremoniously flung open, and Mrs. Chester entered, and distractedly besought her daughters to tie her veil," " to see if her skirt was straight," and "to button her gloves," adding that it was just within two minutes of the half hour, and that " they knew how their father disliked being kept waiting." The girls assuredly were aware of this last fact, and in considera- i tiou of it and the constant queries of their mother as to whether " she would do now," they both worked energetically to put the finishing touches to their mother's toilette during the two remaining minutes. As the clock was striking the half hour, Mr. Chester, who was on the door-step at the front entrance, armed with his wife's and his own books of devotion, called aloud to each member of his family in succession that it was time to set off. The only one who appeared at ease was Master Jack, and that was by no means a remarkable thing, for on principle he allowed nothing to trouble him. " Bad for the heart," he would say vaguely, "conducive to palpitations," and as their brother was shortly to begin his career as a medical student, the girls placed great faith in hia advice relating to matters of health. Yet, unfortunately for them, the}- were not of their brother's philosophical mould, and their crimson chiefeks, in addition to the ruffled air about thero, gave them the appearance of recovering from the effects of a 200-yard race.. The boy, hbwever.sauntered up the hall as if for die-last hour he had been engaged in pious meditation, and just paused ior. an. instant to glance in the mirror of the'hat stand at the " buttonhole" he had found time to pin in his-coat. Staring at his sisters' discomfiture and rather dishevelled* aft time!" JAPAN has no fewer than 700 earthquake observing stations scattered overtheemplre. Not only are the Japanese shakennpl fully 500 earthquakes every ----- them more or le'"" tervals m m**': 