ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. The Fatal Treasure. A STORY OF THE BLACK FOREST. CHAPTER XIX.—CONTINUED. BY IVAN DEXTER. The new-comer g*ni Kke one fascinated at the sight and, as lump after lump of the precion.l metal was taken out of the box and transferred to Hilton's pocket*, the eyrs of Armytage seemed to almost bum into the "By bearen!" h? mnttered, "Oiat old ftfl.iw" his diseovcrwJ the treantro we are t^lirur. I wonder who bei?? If he were the devil hinwlf," he added fiercely, " I m 4 havr that plunder"* With a dU!-"lin?l eipn-v-km on bis cril (ice. he watched llilum empty the box and torn bnak it up and sot fire to it.' •• He knows the gold is stoleo.st any rate," was hL? ornmi-nt, as he saw the tax placed in the fire. Wben the weary man inside the hut drew the .•J<x? to the fire and became drowsy, the watcher set his lips togethcrand for some time appeared to debate with himself what he should do. •• He i.? only an old man," were the words tbat imml from his month when he undo?cd it. " Hi? course is nearly ran and it will be rrry little harm to help him ovrr the river. I niust have the gold and there is only one w?r to get it, ? I had better make np my mind to follow that conrao." Thu? communrnff with himself, Armytage crMuitly snesked round t? the door. When he pot there he paused for a moment, appa rently irresolute. Taking out a clasp knife faum his pocket. he looked at it fora few mo bksu and then pnt it back. •• No!" he said. " I will not do that if i can help it; but I must haTe the gold '" He said no more but. turning .ronnd. his ryp? rested on a small sapling lying close to him ?nd, piekinc it up, he noisrlewJy opened the door and looked into the room. Hilton n< (tin slumbering and unconscious of dan ger- With a cat-like tread. Annytape entered the room anil, walking np br-hiad his victun. dealt him a trrriblc blow on 'be back of the br?4. Without a single cry. tlie old man fell off the rnngi srat and Liy motionl'-w on thi- floor, •wtiKt his wKiilaat nerron Jy proceeded to rifle his pnrkctn. •• I don't half like touching him. for it is hard to ray whether h" is dead or only stunned," ArmyUjre said: " but I must han< the gold. Pooh ! what is it, after aiir FortiJM. snarently, with his reflections, he b-nt ovt ?h? motionlem man and. in a tusne?— li. - w^y, soon transferred the gold to hin?.-H In •?•• [.-i. I be found a book mntaining a few p?prr- this be also t?ok- When Li- hid taken everything ho could <3.?>Trr. he B-rfJcrd, with sonw alarm, that there were a few slight stains of blood on bis dotbe*. The Mow be had given his victim had broken the skia and the Mood had slowly trickled fivra the wound. Vety little had flowed, bnt il w?s Miflkicnt during his hasty search to >Uin a portion of hi* clothes. He Miri at the few crimson stains with a eiight Saltier, and then at the still form lritig prone on the Is<*or. * Hilton's l?t quest was apparently over, end tl* hid<Wn Uvxrare of the Black Forrst ■ would trouble him no more. With ximrthms Hkr awe, Armytage went and o[>t:il ti>e c).?cd .ioor. Ha looked out, but til w?- a> ?-tin su. death. •* I ma>t lv getting away from this," he mutt'-trd. •' If I were diiwovrivd here, with ti>u> in Use roinn "—and he ttsro^d asd 2o>*kcd at HUbm—" it would be as much as my life would be worth. I wish, too. I had not got these few stains. They metn to me like ul oatens. I mn*t iret away at once." He picked np th?i bag- of p.ld and with guilty rear cr??"nl the clearing around the tat. As he soared the edjre of the timber a eound behind him caused his heart to give a wiMi- Urt. It was a load eooce and, as th? frightened atan turnol round, he saw a wajrpunette just eiueigiiig from the hush at the extreme end of the clearing, and the oorwpants were evident ly calling tt> him. Who mold thosi" people be? They were so dtmM hannl^f*!* travellers, perhaps loot and wanting infi^rmation from him : but to go bark now. might mean death to him. The appmraiK^of !00 policemen could not have eamwd him more terror than thi? small party of tbrw, on? of whom was a woman, as hii haety gtanor mflicwl to tell him; but the distance mxlrred the features indistinct and recognition trnpowbie. He must fly at onne, or they would soon ?K?-oTrr what n< inside the hut; and his presmeo there, esperi^llr if be were seucd with the g?U on him, would look very sus cickna. As another oooee smote his ear he turned and phtngod into th? forest. Witb many a startk^ louk around, as the least noise fell npon hu> ear, the murderer pom his path across the wooded range* and dense undergrowth of the valleys. Although there was no eye on him save the aB-?etmr one of God. his gm'lty fancy-peo pled the snJirude with lurking spies and un- Mrti cmwt. It was m>t that terrible ad monitkm. " Vengeanen is mine, aaith the Lord. I <ritl repay '." that be feared so much, it mv Use weak and fallible punishment of his fellow mm. CHAPTER XX. OS TSS TAMM. When SberUa* and Armytage arrived ?t the farm they fewnd matters in a very on ?ao?ficte?T *tmt*.. The hands, not having a hemd to gnide tbrm. had taken things pretty much a* they ptaL-ed. They bad the oppor tunity to •" losf." and they took advantage of it. Sheridan, who was still in the toils of his companion, was in no humor to attend to the routine of farm wwrk. and ArmyUge profa ned entire ignorance vf such dntir*. ?mt the rrr-mce of thr master mfa*ed a little more activity iirto the m-n, and to* work soon Im proved. TL- farm was a fairly comforUble one. With the frequent additions mad* to it, the arr.i now <-omprised 7<"o acres, and about IM ?m of that was cleared and cn!tinl?d. Tkesnil in the valleys wa? rich and pro dn-rd ft-Jifu- crcfMof pot*toe?,o?t? or wheat, wki!e the whole of tho land nt fnitaUe for prszuig porp??ps. Tbe bonestead ra* a eoUttantia] and orni fnrtibfc one. Tbe firrt owner, who bnilt it. had the gnad.old'-fashkmes' ideas on the sub je I uf farm-bottses, and the first thing he did wan to for tbe tmildnig out to ?utb a numnerthat aB future additions should be part ?f one concerted plan. Sheridan had added a ample of rooms to ta? pUre since he purchased it, and thew were mdtzed absolutdjr neceMtry by tbr purchase of more hud and the number of men needed to work it. Even with He additions there wu no room |la (pare, nd when Anryteys accompanied Via owner to the form thcro \ra? somo diffi culty in obt-iininir n room for him, and lift r a while he cxprewd bis wUHnsncM to the same quartern M the leading hnnd on tlic farm. For wmo davx after th-ir an-ir.il Sh.-ri.l.in could not be indue.il to l.iiv.- tli" lmn~. to search for the miming tp..-i?urc. He n-nl!y wished to avoid his .-onipaniou, nnd stayed nt tho house for th.nt pnq^oee. Finding all his efforts to induce the farmer vnj from the house useless, Armytage took excursions nlone. At the end of a week he porsu.-ulod the en slaved man to necompany him anil point out the spot when- bis plough hnd >.truck tho hidden Ihix. but thnt did not assist him in tho least in the prwi ution nf hi< di^ipi. She ridan, lw-ing now in one of his more nprrec •ble moods, ,-iccompmiieil him through tho bush for !x-v, lal days, but ht- soon relapsed into hi? s.^nded hnbits. and Armyt.iin* pur sued his wandcnnir? slone. The spirit of the place si-mcl to Iv up>n him. for immcilinte ly he had bn-ukf-ut he would fill his flask and start into the forest. The whole dny he would spend vulkiiig simleA-Iy about, pei-r -ing into the sembandhere anil tlit-re turning over the dead leaves, which in plact-n lay thickly on the earth. At time* he would ol,t?in a lever and turn over logs, in the hope that something would he revealed that could assist him in his quest. The farm laborers freqnentiy met him in his solitary walks, and they icon came look upon him as drmimted. He had more than once visited Black burn's abandoned hut, for the place seemed In possess a curious fascination for him, and about thirv weeks after his nrrival at thn farm-house lie found himself at midday for thn third time in close proximity to tho hut. It was on this rcenston thnt he committed tbe bnit.il stuck on Hilton recorded in the last chapter. After getting away from the place he re mained concealed near thy fitrm-honse until darkness came on, mi thnt be could enter un observrd. lie had been lying in the scmb about two botirs when be wnssnddenly arwnxd by the sound of footsteps on ih? crackling under-" growth nnd. with a hunted look of fear, he jumped to his feet and was about to retreat, when, throngh a small opening in the thicket, he saw Sheridan approaching and at the same moment the former caught sight of him. Flight was now impossible and, with min gled feelings of fear and satisfaction, he waiW for tho unexpected new-comer. Ha wa? frightmed lo be discovered inhisprosen* state of agitation, but he felt a satisfaction in seeing that it was the farmer who bad come "If he has me I have him !" was his thonght. Sh*ri<lan was rather taken aback at tho wild appearwieo i>f his gnest, for Armytago invariably prenervnl a calm demeanor. He looked at him fnr a full minute before ho spok? and then slid: •• Whst on earth is the mutter? Yon look ?s frightm^l as if yon had seen a ghort." The. nwn addressed tried to look uncon cerned as his companion spoke, but the at tempt only ended in a shnddcr. Hn bad at first tbonght of concealing the gold from Sheridan, lilt the bitter's midden ■ppwrance prevented him rarrying out that iikn, and Ik concluded it wrruld bo better to teU him of his luck. "No; I haven't seen anything to frighten me; Imt, through my persistent hunting for tbe treasure, I have been rewarded in finding a portion of it. I discovered one of the boxes a eouplu of hours ago. 1 had some difficulty with il: and. what with hunger, labor and excitement, I suppose I da look somewhat queer." *' Found the. gold. exclaimed the farmer. " Where did y.ni find it f" " Down at the—that is to aay, about two miles from here, carclcmly planted in some srruh. I looked for the other boxes.butfound no trace of them," answered the embarrassed man. ■• I will go with you to-morrow, and wall make a U-tirr rcarcb. We must get the re mainder We will never be content until we do," spoke Sheridan excitedly, with the old gleam of avarico in his eyes. "Yes; to-morrow we will go. It is too late now," " Cnrne np to the bouse and let me see what you have found. lam all anxiety." " I don't nit to ?ro lieforo dark," an swered Armytage. "If the farm bawls sec nc carrying this bundle and looking excited, it might raise their suspicions, and we don't want that." " You are right! yuu are right!" assented Sheridan. " Tb? lei* talk there is tho better. We must keep our hurinew* to onn?clvc*. I will stay with you, and if anyono comes by it will disarm suspicion." " Ytw; that win be U?t It will be dark in aeotber hour, so that we will not have long to wait." Tbe two men aflt down with flushed face* and, in hoarse- whi*pcn,convcr*?l until dark km bad leathered around. Then they went cautiously in the direction of the hou>e. Ar nytage ever and anon easting guilty looks annrad as if be was haunted by the ghost of his supposed victim: and when they reached the homestead Sheridan took his companion into his own room unobserved. " You must stay in the room with me now, as you cannot remain with my overseer, who would Ik almost certain to find out the gold. I will make a bed up here, and then we can arrange our plans without fear vf interrup tion or discovery." Having thus decided, Sheridan bad a second lied put in the room, and during the night his companion showed him the gold he had found, keeping back, of course, a few bars for himself. '* There is a small fortune there." remarked the fanner to his companion. "We must be in Inck's way. First I discover a box and now you find another." •' By all just rights, as we have entered into a partnership over thin matter. I should retain what I have found," replied the latter. " You have given me only ? fraction of your find, and I don't think I should halvs this snd with you. That will make ii* about square." " Ob! ' Honor among thieves," you know. You surely would not act as you my I al ways gnre you money when you asked for it, and what more could you expect? You will divide with uw, surely!" "I*ll make a fatr bargain with you. Sberi dan. I'll repay you what you advanced to me. and then we can cry quits. We win then be on aa eqnal footing, and if we find any more of the 'plant' we will go halves) with it. You ought to be glad that I shall be ao further trouble to you, as 1 have pro- Tided for mvsdf now.", '• I don't think that is fair. ! want half the gold and I will have it. I wouldn't do such a thin;; on you " •• I tell yuu I will not give you half of il," Armytajre replied angrily. " You didn't give me half of yours, and you mu*t be con tent with flb.lt you If y.-u dcnminev mv to lin- polite I will do tli<\- sinie with you and we'll l?'t'' I<~-•■v.-rytbiiis." I The d.l.nnin.J tone "f lh<: nun cnnriii'.sl ! Sb''rid.iit tint it would U- melt-., t.. .in.-ti- ! furth-r with him then. an<l sft.-r r. fl.~ tiny' i ! l,tt!.-t,m.-h-?-.idr -W.!!. don't It- tv- .|ti,rr.-l s!>.?t it. I ' kliiiw you art- n go.?l-h.-ar1i-<l f.-ll>-w. and I , will t.-u?t t? ?"U,r li'imr f?-r a fur division I'erhsps to-nwrrow we may find inor.-.aiid we | will be content." It il terj easy to talk of " to- morrow," | but H nercr comes to ?me people. ! [ Thr H-mml* who look upon tho scttinir snn I ' with Illicit lmjvn mill plum for tin- futuiviii I their niiud?. never nitain ~v the pWiou,. orb <.f ihiy illumine the world; for, in d:iyli,.-ht or dark, l!iat iir.-1.-rv-. reaper Death pursues l.i- .our*-, and ,-v.t am] alu-.iy* the liuinan barret in U'inL- gathered in by the Sickle of the Ulean-.-r. ' CHATTKR XXI Tim xiskb's cunsK. Wc.m?n and wine- an- p-nerally understood to l?e the ruin of men who pi wrutip: on life's hijrhwsy, but whilst thon- is n pond deal of truth in the statement, it is quito beyond doubt thnt Rtild in n.?<pon?iblo for tnoro human wrecks than tho otter two causes cotnbincil. Money i? a two-nlcnl weapon. It will rut both way*. It i? potent for |?uod or ill. For, while it ran 1? mailc tlie means of in calculable pood—of rcscuinir the tniifs nnd ►trays of the world—it ran"al*a be used to limit down the l?*t of humanity. Them in probably no curw m terrible a.? to lw a miser. The burning thirst for gold Kips up the (rental upring* of life, anil the affec tions that sn-ralil be Urishnl on hi* kin am hestowol by tho miser on his money-bapi. Ho lives fnr nothing else but hoarding gold, and he i? a u*?l?? excrescence on the human mco. lUckcil with foam and fnrebodinjrs of loss, ho never know* what .-.nitont or happi ness in, nod his life in reality in nn accursed one. Michael Sheridan wm not, in the full sense-, a mixer, but ho luul tho coeds of tho com plaint in hi* composition, and they only needed something to frcrl on when they •would burnt forth luxuriantly and produce n rich harvest of rrsulbt. After hix unsatisfactory inUrviefr with Armytage, h? left the bedwom and wont to another pirt of the house, when? he seated himself at a table with n hot tic of brandy in front of him. Time after time he helped, himself to the fiery liquor and. with his c-1 liowii on tho tnulo nn<l his head between lii.i hands, he rcmakial fur bourx in profomiJot thought. At length the drink began to take effect, and he mut??red, aloud : " I must hire, half, and I don't see why I thonldn't libto the lot. He found it on my land and it belong* to me. Ho'll not leave here with it as he thinks ho will. I mint Ktop him somehow." Then, of lor a long jmuv, ho raised hi? bead and *ihl : " I wish tho wretch was dead! If ho was ray good he would have died liefwro thin. He is like an ill wo*d, or one of thorn twisted and useless trws whith the woodmen pass by while they Mi the Rood ones. If lie would die I'd be content." With then savajro won!* on his lips hilt head sank on the table in a heavy dumber, and he voly awoxa as the morning sun streamed in ami Urn bustle and noise uutxido awoko him. •• Where did you pel to, last night ? Yon won not in your mom," asked Armytngc, when he met him Inter on " I fell asleep in a side-room over a drop of brandy, and iJept until morning- The querr look on Shi-ridar.'ii faeu as ho ?poko to hi? companion did nut escape tli:il Iceen observer s notice " You don't look well, my friend, and jrou are actually shivering." he rcinnrkol. " I have raucht eolil lotting up w> fuoli-Oi- Iy all nipht, I ?up(*w, ami I at w?y lint I don't feirl well," wan thr reply Armytagv bad no wi?li tliat Sheridan abouM aeeontpony him that day as hu bid lii? own planii to lay, and the farmer, who f-tt somewhat conwieniv-ftrieken when h? n- raembered hin thoughu of the previous night, aho wished to be alone, and ho Mid: •' It would In only tempting providence fur me to go out to-day. I will gt? to bed," Thin exactly raited Armytag*. for it would be, to aay the least, inconvenient to point nut where he got tho gold, and next day ho in tended to quietly depart with his laxly, without giving Sheridan anything. Tim thought of hl< victim lying in tho wood cntter** hut wu* haunting him, and he wanted to get away from the district; yet some indefinable impulse urged him to re main. •' I will Ktop another day, at any ntti. Nothing will happen in that rJiort time, and then I will leave here f?rcv?T and leave my avarieiuu* and gambling friend to hinuelf and hit card*." he thought. "Don't you think we had better lei our itearch for the gold stand over until to-mor row i" h? tpoke aloud. " I think *n, for 1 am in nn humor to go to-Jay," replied Sheridac. •■ A Aiy will not mako mnch dilT.-renc, ami in the morning we will make a good fUrt and, I hope, meet with more luck," re plied Armytage. During the forenoon Sheridan nenr *poke a wont aliuut the gold, which tomewhatsur prind hi* companion, who cinected him to renew hti ?aliettations for an aqua! division. At mid-day bo went out, telling tho farmer he would return in hour or *n. Ho had changed his elothm and wrapped the one* he hnd worn on the previous day in a bundle, as he was to suspicious of dinenvery that he was determined to destroy them on the first opportunity. He had no actual reason for this cnurM, only that undcfinahlo dread which seems to perpetually haunt the murderer. Wben bo had gono Sheridan walked with halting ?tcp? across the yard to a itore-houso ■orar Httla distance from the main liuilding. The door was locked, but, taking a key from his pocket, be opened it nnd went inside. After shutting and re-locking th.i door, bo •earchNl the ►helren.anJ at hut found a small eannister. which bo U?ik down and opened. It was nearly full of a while powder and, taking a piece of p?per that lay on tho floor, he put some of the powder into it and re placed tho casnistrr on Oic self. Putting the package in on? of his pockets, he opened the door and retraced his steps to thetraoMt. Wben Armytoge went away ho had i-j fixed intention of going to any particular place. Hi* steps led him in the direction of a piddock when largo trees were burning for clearing purposes- The sight of the roaring flamed brought to hin mind the suit of soiled clothe*, which he hail wrappsd in a bundle and left in the bedroom. " I was a fool to leave that parcel behind me. The sooner it is di-j.tpjy.-d the wift-r I will be. I'll go Uvk uml git it uuw and burn it. No one will notice nip " Rrproachiuvr him?vlf for hi? f.H>tislm.-? in not lit ouee destroying tl.v clotln^ whii-h Ik- Mvia<Hl mt anxiou<( \tt fr>*t riil of. h*' n*>-nt. baektuthe boiwi and enttrol theVflnMin unp-rceivwl. H? h?d taken the pn-.-auti-n l?-fon- le.iv in- t? ukc nrnrly all tb.- .1,1 with him. md onlyaMiull |..rti..ii 1...1 1-.--I, ..n,,.;i1,.l i? I),.- n..:n "W-. ii s.-ifo t<. ?rii?t ,Sh. ri.l.n," h th..ii^l.t. ■•but cv,ii if !,.-td.-tl,i-. Minll I |-.rt|..n it n-..|,'l 1?- imi.-h f :i 1.r..." ! .V? lh- lil'-i iiplli.-l?-.l-cl.ithe"f.irlliebiin ; .I!.- In- h.id ln-l'l-n th.-r.' In- utt.T-,1 :i low cry I ( .f .li.in.iy. f..r it wa. g.. n .-. Kfc h i.i j.i-t Kvn f.-nt.-n.-cl t.. death lie ' c.iiM n..t have N^-u ni'-PMenur-^rickenlfaan . li.- n-.i* at that uioinenl. I!-?it down on lb" K^ trembling-after ; fit>t turmna it ever and M-.-in-hiiig the rv?>m in the hop.- th.it ha rni>rbt dimiver the bun- I de .*ome?rbcm about. but his search proved ! fmitlcw —To B?Co:nwuKD. 810 PT 11 