TBE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH ' - INDUCTION OP THE EBV. jDAYID j noss. A epeoial service waa bela . at the St. . Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Perth, ori ^Sfed neiday afternoon, when the SOT. David Boss was formally indnoted into the charge by the Bev. J. Gibson, ot West Melbourne, Com- missioner ot the General Assembly of tho Presbyterian Church of Victoria, and Deputy of the Presbytery of Melbourne North. The Bev*. W. E. Hillier, Albany, and E. Hanlin, fremantle, and the .elders of the church also took part in the servios. There waa a large .oasregatioD. The servioe oommeaaed with the singing of the doxology and tho invocation prayer by the Bev. J.-Gibson; then followed the reading of the lesson (Titus II) hythe BW. -W. E. Hillier, the hymn "O God ef Be{,hel,M prayer by the Bov. B. Hanlin, and the hymn " The Church's One Foundation." . This MoBBBATO» (the Bev, J.Gibson) then delivered the sermon as follows t--, Text :-Titus II¿ I i ** But speak' thëu the thangi whith btemU »»Und doctrine " jinero is an impression abroad, my broth* ron', with respect to the obamoter of modera preaching that it differs considerably from that to .whioh our forefathers Were aeons» tdmed. What the difference is we are «ot exactly toidi «onie alleging that the Change which Jutsi taken place is one in the preach, lag power of tbs pulpit, whilst others declare fbat it affects rather the subject matter of preeest day discourses. In the main perhaps, we 'may say the difference is in the character of . the totohing rather than in the power of, the preacher ; for preachers to-day might emily be found to compare favourably with pro|obBrs of former times, whilst it is only watara! that with the.^ «hanging years there swsU ba a change also in the ehataçter of men's religions views, aa these are reflected .tjb'ijsv "in books or, in spoken . sermons. S«t »»ly» however, "bas a difference; been Manrked between the preaching-of to-day a^i. that of former times ¡ bat there are t&pe; who^think the change is decidedly\\* orange ' for the worse. Look, say. these people, look at thc olear ' and ; emphatic, manner in "whiob preaohers used tb Áttér the truth bf God, and kow eonnd, their àoôtripe wa« .'.as compared, with the teachnig of pe saeSera' pulpit. T^eré was no. vdajbißg watter* then, bat men spoke as if they were,, moved by the Holy Ghost, and people wejret; eiljbev swed or lost, Acoordinjr .§ iflijsy asjospWd or.reieeted certain well de&ued.;«B& ssfUuutekeable beliefs', " the faith once fóVaj^ d^vered. to the saints.''~ Nowadays, .how/, ever, there is a sad falling away from ihe.gld. l|n^, jtpasmuqh JW'ail ; sorts, of new Jand s%pfnge.théories find ready utterance from Che "pulpit,if they do upt find aa easy ian entraaM into' the pablic 'mtn^' Well ¡BOW, in ? vi^wjof'Miiaand in view óf^edis|iatisfao%n, 'ottemfelt and frequently expressed regard fng the'teaching of the modern pulpit, let nie to-day invite you to consider what sonad doctrine is. Tbere mut' be_ seme mistake somewhere on this subject, when people are sb .muon divided amongst themselves as to * what a man ought to teaoh and preaohV May we pit ob tain a right understanding pf what Hi required Of us, and may power be given ta nc, in the pulpit and the pew, to *p s vk and learn the thing«, whioh Paul says ' become sound doctrine." First of all, cowerer, before. seeking to understand' what sound doctrine is, let me explain the meaning bf the language in our text. Paul has always boon regarded as a master teacher, and he atora than any of the Apostles has been looked upon as an authority on the subject of doctriné. His views then should receive careful consideration. Well, what precisely is the meaning of his command to Titus: *r8peak thou the things whioh become sound doctrine P" 'Most'people, I should say, en first reading these words are apt to suppose tliat the apostle means by them what we understand by orthodox theology; and to .neb as interpret the text in that way, ortho- dox theology generally means their own peculiar theological beliefs er opinions. To be sound in the faith is for them nothing more er less than "to abide by the tenetB which the fathers and doctors ot the «burch have taught or whioh the voice of the church hu approved as her own in what are called bjer standards or creed. The wort translated «*4ouni,*' however, - ia the vèïsè before -us, does net mead; orthodox. lb is simply"the Greek- word 1 for healthy or healthful, ffyyiafaoüm, in the original Greek, is just oar; Word1 "hyglenie," and is employed in «rieht books of mtdioina, just as thé .jtord "hygiene" is used amongst ns by officers cf health. Similarly the word trans, lated "doctriné" is in the original Greek fltmply our word teaching, didatkalia. So fur, then, frem sound doctrine' meaning the orthodox ©reed, either of our Church or any \- e*er Church,'wé may take the Words simply fa dénote whatever is taught by way of pro BóHág in men a healthy or health- giving spirit, The lessons taught in our Sunday ?ehools, the instruction given by a mother to h*i;«hild when she tells her «hild the' .simplest moral tale, these, if they have a hntlthy tendénby, are as mudh sound dootriae in the estimation of St. Paul as the moat learned treatise on theology, or the mest elaborate Confessions of Faith. To pravo this just turo to the context of the , words before us.and there we shall find what ] Paul has in mind when he speaks of sound doo- ¡ feline. Tonged menPaulsaysTitasistopreaeh j sobriety, charity, patience. Old women, again, ! aa* to be taught to behave themselves, by j K. ^latirg'ifftliehood and by rafraining from «P$P4rtr They lairs, to be examples to young ! «eeÄnl how they shoiija love thtlr búé1i&nas; tW$Bg^(W: 's^4(hj^nttM\fto1 .'. i/ih '? its;! r ......>r:c.--'-'>.:-.'*:it. /.??:'....'.'?1 with rogara 'to young men, the "soum doctrine they are to learn is how to bi serious. Servants, likewise, are to be taugh obedienoe to their masters, without beinj impudent or given to pilfering, and oitizoni are to be urged to keep the law and to bi ready for every good work. " These things,' says Paul, "I will that thou affirm con- stantly, that they which have believed God, may be careful td maintain good works," (Tit. 2) for " thèse thined aré ¿oed anâ profltable unto men." ¿a another partage, indeed, the apostle goes so fat as to gay, «'If any man teaohgtti a different teaching [ and oonsenteth not to healthy words, even the words of our Lard Jeans Christ and to the teaching which is according to godliness, j he is potted up, knowing nothing, but doting j about questionings and disputes of words." The term actually used in the Greek is even stronger than doting. Sack as teach other things than these he commands, are, he says " disease! " or " sickening," and not healthy Sound ¿ootrine theo, according tó Pañí, is not necessarily the orthodox learning of the schools which enables a manto become a doctor of dirin'ty. Snob, learning, it is true, may bs sound doctrine, and ''nob harsh or crabbed, as dull fools suppose," It may bs sonad, if it snakes m'en sober-minded, anl e&pable; of . exercising a healthy Inftuenoe on thosí around them. Bat the sound or healthy teaching which Paul commands Titos to give ' is that whioh makes good fathers and good mothers* good husbands and geed wives* good servants and good citisens. Its best nlonuments are not tho dusty volumes that burden'the'shelves of a theological library, but the' patience,- the purity,; and the happy love that adorn the lives and beautify the houles of men. Here, however,'perhaps I should desoribe moré particularly what sound doctrine is, according to tho "apostle. We ; have seen , that it is the kind bf. teaching which has a healthy or health- giving effiot upon human life, that which' braces and strengthens mea to be sano and sober, pure and i upright, trae;and góiá ' ia their daily walk i and' conversation. There are two things, ' however, sVhíoh ought to "bs notioed as miking [ any man's teaching sound or healthy. First I of all its source must ba healthy, and t seeOndly, its end mhatbe vitil or Jife;giviBg. \- AU sound or healthy teaching must oboe from a sound or bealtby mind. Acoerding ; to the fountain se must be.|he stream. If the , one ls foul, so mu'it^be the ether. Sat,'it f:«n»y beaked, what^s^agidshes a healthy I *»MÏdr,'. aheweV^be wh?n.*pss b> have a j h^lby mind, in prier tógívesonndor healthy j teaching, must, for oá.é «bing, pe In^pandeaK Tjiat ísjjp s¿yj the. things hBJ^aobw mutt be bw.p^n, ike Irait» of hie oWn sxperÎMee aitf the rwB.lt« of hit own nieditavton.' ^wb^re.no j independence' or freedom is there can ba "no ! health. AU |hi»gs bright ¿ind fair«'the bean-, jtiful forms 0fr nature eroaqd. ns, and! the j jolene anS .happy amongst je^elvea are ano)i. ¡as ^reJhe;#3b^éof ia free Hf e. ]j¿ñ$.*P ift < teaching-not the slave of other men's, 'opinions, bot he who speaks ont .his own jtboaghls. iii the man from whom to expect j words cf living, health- giving power.; T#o joften, I may s;y,-thfrfcas. either bej^u over- looked or dented ; and nojt least baa it . been .overlooked and denied where moat it ahould '.hare been.acknowledged and allowed, I mean ?in the Christian Church. - The thing, indeed, i whioh. has chiefly militated against .the jOhnreh's power in the, world has ' been the jwant of spirilutl freedom on the past of her : ministers and people; Both alike have felt ; themselves tjo much bound, down. to. forms jand set phra;r s The things they baye heard ¡with their outward «aw, these they have felt themselves obliged to aooept, like the li wa of .the Modes and Persians, a« things whioh no fman dare abolish or. change. The worship of God ia consequence has frequently . been turned into a litany of platitudes, whilst the ipulpit, that onght to have been the platform of freedom, has too often baon made a kind of prison- house for the soul, out of which a ¡man might speak only that which was plowing 'to the. official ear. How great a degradation this is, and, how far from the ideal of the 'Christian ministry yon will easily discern, if you turn to.Christ's or St.Paul's example and see bow they taaght. Not what public ¡opinion diotated, nor yet what the wisdom ef 'the scribes and Pharisees prescribed, but the ¡truth as it was felt and known in their Own hearts and minds-»this it was that made ¡their words breathe, and their thoughts burn, till men beard with wonder and admired their jatlerauees, saying, never men «pake like These men. Bat, besides liberty or freedom, there ia another thing that distinguishes the ?healthy mind, and that is its readiness to receive Instruction. .Freedom te assert itself fiad humility to learn-these are the two complementary features of every: sane or healthy: spirit. - Docility, however, ' does' not always go with freedom^ Sometimes, indeed, men are too indépendant to be-taught-their freedom they turn to licence. Then they beoomemore dogmatic than the narrowest minded bigot, lu this case we find not 'health bnt disease It is freedom run mad. The sane or healthy mind, ott the other hand, Hes ever open to the light. It knows when to be passive or receptive, as well as when tb be active or oreatire. Amid its greatest efforts it never forgets what a virtue there is in repose. In one sense, indeed, it may be said there is no rea! freedom without a certain degree of restfulness. At least to dwell in the light is the aim of all true liberty. " Te are the children of light," says Christ, " therefore walk tn the light, &B; children of the light." Let not your freedom run you into a corner or into a bole ; let it not make you a faaatio, else you will be miserable and make others miserable. But, be still at times, and know that God is the Lord, and learn what He has to ' teach yon. ' Open tho iwtndoWé of your sotil and sit dow» bettmeiVsè and ile Father's éínljh may stream ia upon yon. Oe bettsr^ptill, ga out and get away front your own thongnts to bask in His eternal beams. Receive Hie light at every point, whether it comes from the Bible, from the pages of history, or from God's works in nature around you. The fault of Christian teaching often is, that it is too limited or restricted in its source. A. man goes into hts study, lights his candles, and then fancies he can do without the sun. But what a huge stistske I . Whoever heard of a healthy life that was" spent exclusively among bDokef Exclusiveness in any direction means in- evitably a monstrous of abnormal growth. Thé more freedom we heive the' more should we oome in contaot with life in all its phases. This alone will save us from being narrow, and give that health or catholicity of . spirit Whioh ia at once a sign af health' iii ri", sad a source of health and happiness to others. I have said, however, that healthy teiebiag or s »und dootrine not only comes from a healthy mind-; but it is health-prodaeing in others. Its power is a quickening power.' It makss dry bones live. Under its influenoe the 'spiritually lame'walk and leap for joy the blind receive their sight, and the prison doers are oponed te thea that are bound. Frequently, however, the effect of preaching is quite the reverse of that. ' Instead of quickening or rousing men iteends th»m to sleep, and instead of making them glad it makes them miserable, New, whether this be the peonliar effect of so-called orthodox pr&aching; or not, I Will not say. 'But one thing I know j and it is thia, the tsaohiog or preaching whioh allowa a mah4b gb to sleep is very unhealthy.; : Better t J ha/vc preaching that disturbs men!«~thOhghte than to bave preaching that encourages or allows them to havel no thosghts avalk Of course where drowsiness; ur dullness is observable in the . pew it may not be altogether the fault of the pnlpit. QttehtimeSk' indeed, it is not the fault of %he pulpitj^bttt I am-speaking : about preaching jost now, not hearing, and j what I «av is that preaching ought never to ienoouragelistleSstfesS in the hearer;'' On the oontrary, it fehould be inspiriting, like the . Master's own; health-giving and life-giving. Christ, you m«y remember, applies-this test tonis own teaching. " Do not my words do food tothem that walk upright P" "Tho j words that lepes* nato you they are spirit ; and they are lifèi"' -BuMiere letjus ask, how is a ma«?« -pjreschfag'to *e life-giving and health-giving-'if it is'net permitted to touch human beings in their everyday 'concerns ;; how is it «s brace and purify men, if it is not to-be made applicable'to them as wo find them* ; Peopiev-somotim»s object to preaching that-deals with -questioni ontgide the range of Bible study. A man 'may lecture from tho pulpit for a whole year cn tbe .political history- of the Jews, but fae must not touou modern politics. Politioal discussion, we are told, is«« tor the platform during the week, * b«t' not for the pulpit on the Sabbath ''ídáy. But why should it be je« P' It was not se - in Old' Testament times. ' 'Then men spake as th» spirit moved them on everything that ceneeroed either the pnblio or private lfe of the people. And that, I believe, is wbat gives the Cid (Testament half its interest and half its power, the fact, viz., that its. teaching came jin contact with men's. lives at every point, Ibeth socially and politically as well as «pirituàlty and morally. If then they are to «peak thc things which become sound doc-1 trine or healthy teaching, I say, in conclusion, i preachers must be free to speak aa the spirit ; moves them, and not merely aoobrdiag to the j dictation of the soho île, and further, ' they must keep their minds open to the light of ' truth whencesoever it oomes, whether from the Bible or from any other sources. ' Besides this, however, they must be allowed to oome in contact with human life at every point, if their teaching is to have a bealtfc-giving and ' life-giving effect. Da net therefore object, if, in handling the truth of God, a man also handles your daily lives and all things con ! neoted with it. Bather be glad at this, and seek, yourselves, to bring the truths of ro ' ligion to bear closely on what ooncerns yon every day. For thia is sound dootrine, or healthy teaching,'sot lihàt whioh is disso- ciated from1 our practical affairs, but that which tends to make us better and happier > ia conducting them; thatwhich tends to make ns good fathers or good mothers, good husbands- dr good wive», good sarvantj or1 goei Citizens, adorning the dootrine of Christ in ail things. And may the- God of ail truth, whose word is spirit and Hf» in Christ Jeana, make1'you perfect to do His will, and to His , name'be all the praise. Amén. ' At the conclusion of the sermon, the MoDBBATOn explained that, in obedience *o the instrootioxs of the Presbytery of Mel- bourne North, contained in the resolution of the Presbytery, passed on.^the 1st of November, they were . assembled there that afternoon for the purpose of inducting : the Bev. David Boss, M.A.,'to the pastoral ; charge of the .Presbyterian congregation at Perth'. It was unneeeBtary fer him to nar- rate all the steps that had been taken for're oeiving Mr. Boss into their midst. It was Buffioient for him to say that at a congrega, tiona! meeting commissioners in Scotland were appointed tb select a minister and they chose the' Bev. Mr. Boss of Crathie, Soot, land. The call had been duly signed by the congregation, and at à meeting of the Pres- bytery had been put into the bands of Mr. Boss that afternoon. He then put the nsual question to the congregation, as follows : Do you, the Members and Adherents of this congregation, testify your adherence te the Call which you have given the Bev. David i B»BB, M.A., to be your Minuter, and do yon cordially reeeive him and promise to provide i for him suitable maintenance, and to give , ' jhim all due respe«e¿ «ubjeetioa, andeneour. y p¥ Ot ti-T -tlü !" UV r . :.'. .'. f. ' ! ' . ' ..??'.;. l< ' . "This qaeslKoS having been answered in the affirmative, the Moderator thin pnt the following questions to the now mlnieter : 1\. Db you believe the Scriptures of the Old arid New Testament to be the Word of God, and the Only role of faith and praotios t 2\. Do yon acknowledge and approve of the Articles of Union adopted by this Church, on the 7fch of April, 1859, as tho basis of its Konstitution, and declare your cordial ac- ceptance df these articles f" 3\. Do you ow'tí and believe the whole doctrine contained in the standards of this j Church, ELS &n; exhibition of the sense ie which , you understand the Holy Scriptures; and do you engage firmly and constantly to adhere ; thereto, and to the utmost of your power j assert, maintain, and defend the same, and J the purity of worship as praotised in thia i Church? .4. Are you persuaded that the Presbyterian I government and discipline of this Church are j founded on the Word of God, and agreeable thereto ; and do you promise to submit to the said government and discipline, and to concur with the same, and to the utmost of yonr power, in your station, maintain, support, and defend the said discipline, and governs mont by Sessions, Presbyteries, and General ; Assemblies Î 5\. Do yon promise to submit yourself willingly and bnmbly, in the spirit ot meek- '. ness, unto the admonitions of the brethren | ; of this Presbytery, and be subject to them, j i and all other Presbyteries and superior judi- j .eateries of , this Chnroh where God in His .'providence shall cast your lot; and that ^according to yonr power yon shall maintain , ¡tho unity and peaoe of this Cburoh against error and schism, notwithstanding of what- ever trouble or persecution may arise, and ; that you Will follow no divisive courses from her doctrine, worship, discipline, and govern- ment? _ i Ô. Are zeal for the glory of God, love to ¡the Lord Jesus Christ, and a desire to save isonls, and not worldly interests or expecta- tions (so far as you know your own heart), ¡sour great motives and chief inducements to the work of the holy ministry t 7; Have you used any undue methods, joither by yourself or others, ia procuring '¡this oallf j 8. Do yon accept of and gélose with this joell, and promise through graoe to perform jail ¿he duties of a faithful Minister of the 'Gospel among this people f ! ' p.* Da yon promise to give conscientious {attendance on the Courts of the Chnroh, to pB aubjeot to them in the Lord, to take à due' Sinterest in their proceedings, and study the' jcbiogs whiob make for peaoe f Î, 10. Do you engage, in the strength of pdivine graoe, to live a holy and circumspect .life, to rale well your own house, and faith ff ally, diligently, and cheerfully to discharge all the parta of the ministerial work, to the jadifying of the body of Christ P \ ll. And all these things you profess and promise, through grace, OB you eball be Answerable at the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ? The questions haring been answered satisfactorily, the Moderator doolared the Har. D. Boss duly inducted, and extended to him the right hand of fellowship, an example j followed also by the other members and j Riders. ! i The MoDEBATOa then, addressing the j newly-inducted minister, said it was not j heoesaary for him ti say a great deal, con- j jsidering the large experience which he j already -had in the work of the Christian i 'Ministry. On one thing, however, affect- . Sng the peculiar life in these colonies, it anight not be out of place for him to say a ifew words to him-a new chnm. He would Hike to advise him to take the people here as he found them ; not to expeot them to be all bast oat of a Scottish mould. He should 1 endeavour to enter into and sympathise with (them in all their affairs, and by so doing he would find that be would most nearly touch their hearts and the most vital things of their lives. He would find the people here equally Responsive as in other parts to all true and sensible appeals made to them in the name of Christ. He thought it waa altogether beside the point for writers in the PreBS, and publie speakers, to ooudema the people here as ooafiaing themselves to things seen and ; temporal and neglecting the unseen and Spiritual. His experience of the people was that they were just as ready to' take part in ¡truly Christian work as any other people iu iaay ether land. He might say, in regard to Melbourne, the proportion in whiob. people attended ohurch there was one to every six of the population, while in Glasgow, daring bis time, the attendance was one in eleven pnly. This would show that those in the ministry of the Christian church in this land were not so foolish as some people were in- clined to suppose. It should serve as an en- couragement to Mr. Boss, having just come to this land, to sot himself heroically, devot- edly, and personally to the work of God for these, his people. He must ask his people to bo helpers and fellow labourers with him in the cause of Christin this city. Otherwise they would let him, as they would let any- one, do all the work of the Church, if be was so minded.. But he must give them some chance of doing some part of it, saving him- self for the more necessitous work which would lay before bim as a publio preacher and oitizen of the colony. He must give himself, if the ohuroh wore to bo a power in the land, to Btudy and prayer. He believed himself that tbe people of all the colonies wanted an educated miuistry. They did not want a man who could simply talk, they wanted'someone to give them straight an > ewers oa vital questions. He would also i ' advise him to maleo no favourites in the con . gregation, but to make everyone his friend, I and *» »ake especially thé poer and ignorant ' \"': ' ' "'" '' 1 .,. Ilia friands, and the siok and those lonely ia tbo.midst of others joy. This he would h^T« learned to do already as a minister cd Cfariatf Be must also go oat among his, people, ba na respecter of persona, Talcing the poor ap mnoh as the rioh, and the humble and ignor* ant as mnoh as the learned in the world's wisdom. He would find much to discourage him and try bis faith, but if be would pray that his work-which was not his pwn wprkj bat that of the Lord-might be, auoceef ful, the difficulties iu time would vanish. Aa to the congregation he suggested-that they should, one and all, help their minister, each doing the work which - was mott .suited, to them. The colony lay before 'them, tit be made Or marred, and they of the first genera- tion enjoyed a 'blessing " in this land whiob would net be laid on any other generations* They should endeavour io make the colony^ not only prosperous, in a national sense, fbnfc frsitful in holiness. The hymn " Onward Christian Soldiers M was sung, and lie' benediction closed^ tba service. " ". . y \ ' ' As tbe congregation passed out they, jn* dlvidually shook the hand of. their .ueif minister. " 7-. - Í , 