NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Dull. Opera. Circus. Cricket. Cloudy. Prize ghosts. Butter falling. Sunday closing. Piety and profit. A lucky gambler. A peculiar power. English turf chat. The war of tariffs. Fire at Gladstone. Phylloxera Board. "Faust" to-night. Australian natives. Diet and physique. Cyclorama crowded. High-priced orchids. Rebellion in Mexico. A burning cokestack. Provision for old age. Fatal racing collision. Painful gun accident. Fires at Broken Hill. Labor representatives. Typhoid at Petersburg. ''The business of travel." Pugilism in Melbourne. The Massilia at Albany. Sad drowning accidents. Collision in the Channel. Last two nights of opera. The march of civilisation. Violent storm in Sydney. Anglo-Australian cricket. Chili promises reparation. A silver district reopened. Broken Hill water famine. Telegraphy without wires. Bishop Kennion at Quorn. Mauritius has the smallpox. Lucky play at Monte Carlo. Labor movement in Europe. Who will the new Minister be? Congratulating the new knight. Bush fires in New South Wales. President Carnot hopes for peace. King Humbert laboring for peace. Glenelg beach crowded on Sunday. Deaths from influenza in Antwerp. Extensive fire at Fitzroy, Victoria. Rotunda concert at the Semaphore. Ministerial supporters still anxious. Congratulations to Sir John Colton. Martin Simonsen's benefit to-morrow. Four Sir Johns in South Australia now. Even cattle in Mauritius have got smallpox. A sad bathing fatality at Renmark yester- day. A children's matinee at the circus on Wed- nesday next. Watervale larrikins had a high old time on Christmas Eve. The Yorke's Peninsula regatta this year was most successful. A Roman Catholic hierarchy has been estab- lished in Japan. Sydney has been visited by a violent southerly buster. Congratulatory telegram to Mr. E. G. Fitz- gibbon, C.M.G. To-day has been appointed settling day for New Year's Day races. Isn't it worth while to quarantine ships coming from Mauritius. Two brothers killed by colliding while riding in a hack race on Friday. Mr. James Payn says people laugh less to- day than they used to do. There have been 1,041 cases of smallpox in Mauritius and 170 deaths. Big attendances at the Anglo-Australian cricket match in Melbourne. A pigeon match will be fired at New Thebarton on Saturday next. The water famine at Broken Hill is be- coming more severe every day. The Broken Hill Corporation is blamed for the insufficiency of the water supply. Portugal is revising her tariff with a view to the greater protection of local industries. Mayor Sansom, of the Semaphore, is pro- viding outdoor concerts for his constituents. Mr. S. Newland has retired from the contest for the directorate of the Proprietary Com- pany. Peter Jackson regards Slavin's inability to fight a match as a ruse to get out of the fight. A lecture on the "Sources of revenue of South Australia" at the Democratic Club last night. South Australia has knights A, B, C, D, and E—Ayers, Bray, Colton, Downer, and Elder. The Northumberland miners have accepted a temporaly 5 per cent. reduction in their wages. The Mexican Government have offered a re- ward of £50,000 for the head of General Garza. Corbett has offered to replace Slavin in the projected match between the latter and Peter Jackson. The Orient steamship Oroya collided with a Danish schooner in the English Channel, sink- ing her instantly. Thirty thousand gallons of water reached Broken Hill yesterday, being a gallon a head of the population. Signora Cuttica sang Cherubini's "Ave Maria," at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral yesterday morning. Lord Coleridge's speech to the new Lord Mayor on November 9 will, it is to be feared, cause the enemy to blaspheme.—Law Journal. Mr. Wells, the Englishman who won so largely at Monte Carlo, declines to give to the world in general and players in particular the advantages of his system. Gounod's "Faust" will be repeated at the Royal to-night, the season closing on Tuesday with "La Traviata," when Mr. Martin Simonsen will take a benefit. For the purpose of supporting labor and assisting strikes, co-operative works are to be started in London. Co-operative bakeries and omnibuses have already been decided upon. It used to be said of the late Mr. W. H. Smith that in his earlier years there was no de- tail of his father's business, however humble, in which he was not ready to take a part himself. Under what is known as the Enabling Act there is appropriated to the state of South Dakota 720,000 acres of public lands for the support of educational and charitable institu- tions. An American has applied for a patent for making artificial pearls. He dissolves the in- side of an oyster shell and then deposits it in layers around a grain of sand, thus copying the process of nature. At the present moment it is estimated that there are in France over 100,000 trained pigeons (which may be used for militay pur- poses), while 47 departments have pigeon- fancying societies. Signalling by jewellery is the latest fashion. Brooches, pins, and other articles will signify such questions as "Shall we keep company?" and are said to open unbounded prospects for the non-proposing sex. More suicides occur in the Austrian army every year than in any other army in the world. The ratio is 131 per 100,000 men. Germany has 67 per 100,000, France 47 Eng- land 23, and Russia 20. 