LOOA 1> AND (i-l'iiNliltA \l \- TiiOi.flnaiioinl. proposals tho Hon tiio Treasurer made in tho House of'Assomljly, on.Tuosday ovoning are .-.heartily: appre ciated liy tho electors .in this part o£ the Colony, and on Saturday ovoning tho first opportunity prcsontcti itaeir, ana wnsiaKon advantage of, to coagratulato Sir John nonry on tho dclivory o£ his Biidgot State ment. Tho railway- station nt Dovonport presonto'd a inost lively nppenrahco, tho platform boiug crowded, nnd tho Devon- port Brass Band disconrsod somo music on tho Espliinndo. -Mr Henry arrived by tho evening tr iin/and on alighting was per fectly besieged by h'a constituents . and -others, each and "all heartily congratulatiii g tho hon gentloman - In' tho j vestibule- a number of representative gonllomon wel comed Mr Henry, nnd -Mr John Luok presented the following addreBs " Honor- ablo Sir, — On bohnlT of tho electors of thls portion o£ East Devon,, aad at their specinl request, "I am deputed to. convey to you tho satisfqvtjoh nt "your ..boing appointed J.rcn8urorv nnd, thoir approbation of tho sound flnanoinl statomont given by you on; Tuesdayjovoning last, which meets witli universal satmficUon in this |wrt of your, electorate For myself, t. must say- that I havo not rend a statomont that has boon placed boforo Pariiahioht'nml tlia people. in such a plain nnd straightforward manner Honorahle Sir, I again convoy to you tho satisfaction of this part.of your electorate on your.'nppointmont.ns Treasurer of Tas- umnia." Choors woro givon for Mr llonry, who, In roply, said such a hearty wolcomo' oniuo quite unoxpectod, but it was none tlio loss gratifying.-. Tlioy coulu roauiiy under stand that af tor tho turmoil of tho past six' weeks, lio was glad to' got back to his homo for a day. lie hail doito his best to pldcb before the country a businoss-Iike statomont. Somo might siy he. htui tiu'on too pessimistic a view, but it was far bettor to bo on tho cautious sido, and to roly on 'tho resources of; tho Colony; to carry thorn through. Ho could not sdy tlio schomo was icrfcct, but he had done his best to inako it as advantageous as possible in tho limited time nt Ihr disposal. But they could rely, if tho present Ministers' policy was scrious'y attacked, they would not i-ctniu thoir seats, and they would either go to tho country or liand in thoir resigna tions. Ministers wore prepared to. do thoir best in placing tho finances on u solid basis, and thoy wcro going to stand to UIUII guim, «mu IIIVU. viidvis;. uu uiu . lion gontleman's appoaranco at tho station door, the band struck up a lively air, after which cheers wero again given by tho bandsmen and tho largo assemblage on the Esplanado for Mr and Mrs Honry. Tho Jiou gentleman heartily thanked them for their reception, and a carriage being in Teadinesa, drove to his residence at the Don, amid resounding cheers. At tho Government Entomologist's lecture at the Giblin Hall on Saturday week reference was made to tho des, ruction of insectivorous birds in tho Colony. Fore most among those is tho magpie, and of late a number have been destroyed on the outskirts of tho town, whilo many youiig ones havo boon captured. It is somewhat lumuiMiuiu iiiut, uiu puupiu iur wu hu uunu fit magpies and other native birds aro protected should bo conspicuous in do straying those friends of tho orchardists and farmors, \- A woll-attenilod Band of Hopo meeting was hold in tlio Upper Barrington Wosloyan Church on Friday ovoning, tho president (MrT. Pullen) in tho chair, when recita tions wore given .by Misses Graco Hutton, Etliol Padman, Maud Cniikshank, Harriet Siuitli, Maud Coleman and L. Marshal', and Master Andrew Balfour, u reading by Mr B. L. Robertson, and a song by Miss M. Wyllie ; Messrs Gcorgo Pullen and Alex ander Coleman rondcrcd a duot, and Missos Graco Pullen and Susan Smith also contri buted, . Two instrumental pioccs were played by Miss Marian Smith and Mr Claro M-isterman respectively. All tho perfor mers woro well rocoived, and wcro much appreciated, judging by tho clapping of bands and tlio evident good humor prevail- - ing. The proposal, submitted by the Hon tlte Treasurer, to placo a duty on pipes, would Boriously nffect Mr Jamas Couston, tho contractor for tho Dovonport watoi works, who, if tlio tariff was enforced, would bo about £(100 on tho wrong sido of tlio ledger in this item nlono. Mr Couston roprosoutud to MrJoliu Luck tho pecuniary loss, and the 1 titer gentleman intorviowod tho lion tho TroaBiircr yestonhy morning on tho subjoc, with the iwti»faotory' result that a promiso was given that a clause would, bo introduced into tho proposals, exempting pipes to bo u ed in oxisthig Contracts from llio duty. The lion fho Treasurer was a pn«Bongor by (lit moiiuuq ("ruin vuslcrdny fo'rllob.irt. At tlio mooting of tho show.couimittoo of tlioUlverstone Farmors1 Club, held last, wo'olc, (it was duoided : that tlio olub would not apply for tho trnvollihg clniry to visit Ulvorslono on. show day. - An ostimuto for tho oroction of a: bitilding for tho dairy on tho ground was liaudod in, but as tho amount. wns abovo £23, it was thought that tho. club was not ablo to boar tho strain pipits finanop8f ',whioli would bo in curred by that nnd ollior oxponsos iu con nection W'th' dairy. Wlion-. this dooi sion was mado pubho. nn inlluontial fanner residing in tlio district immodiatoly Icoin- 'muutcntod with tho president of tho club, pointing1 out tlio desirability of obtaining tho dairyj; (ind offorin'g a building froo in llio town of Utyorstono for its accommo dation, and furthor rcquestod tho prcsldont lo lay tho matter boforo tho club again for reconsideration Ho then 'wrote to tlio Socrotnry of . tho Council of Agrtculturb, requesting Mr MeCormick, tho manager of tho dniry,' to bo prcsont at tho, mooting of tlio butter factory, hold - Inst night, .but re- coivod a note in reply to tho cffcot that Mr MeCormick would be unnblo toboat tho mooting,- owing to other .ongagomonts.' wiin nit approach or summer, snuKcs have made' liieir upp -nnmco,. and sevoral Imvo boon killed, at, Devonport during (ho pist weok. Yesterday . morning, n whip rtimkc, ubont 2 E. long, was killed by ; a cat et Mr II. A.. Pratt's rcsidonco, on the : Esplanade; < : A . mooting ,of tho Wost. Devon Fruit Board was held .in. the Ulvorstono Town Uall on- Saturday afternoon. -Prosent: Messrs R. Scott (chairman), M. Baulch, G. Hays, J. Kaine, and J. Bingham.— Appli- .cations for tho combinod ofiicos of secre tary, coRoctor, and inspector to tho board woro reeolved nnd opened. W. Diproso iuvutipurxj xuu >cruii iu no uiu uuuub re quired for Uio sum of £45 por annum, W. U.: Pardoo (Ulvorstono) £80, T. Wright (Ulvorstono) £70, W. Bingham (Castra) £b5, R. Janucson (Don) £70. Mr Baulch moved thnt .Mr W. Diproso bo nppotntod to hit tho combinod ofiiccs.' provided ho find security for £10. Mr J. Kaino seconded tho motion, which was lost, two voting for, and two against, Mr Bingham not being present nt this stago. Mr Bing ham hero took Ins so »t. A discussion Queued, thrco members considering that the work could not bo adequately accomplished for the sum of £45, whi'st tho mover and tho 'soconder wero of opinion that tho applicant should be compello l to visit all the orchards in tho district for that sum, as .tendered. . Mr G. Hays then proposed that Mr T. Wright be appointed lo tho position at a salary of £70 por annum. Mr Baulch seconded. Carried by 3 votes to 1, with one neutral. — Mr Bingham explained that the inspector had, two days prior lo last mealing, posted a letter to tho chairman, iiitimatin that ho had visited the infected orchards, and found all tho bandages wore removed. Th s Chairman sutd it had not come into Ids hands.— Mr G. Bingham's resignation as a mombor of tho board was accepted, and on tho motion of Mr Kniuo, socondod by Mr Bingham, Mr O. F. Bark- worth was appointed to fill tho vacanoy. — The s crctary was authorised to rccoivo area returns instoad of the chairman, ac cording to powers givon in faction 36 of tho amended Act. — Two small accounts wero passed for payment, and the board rose. " Boscobcl," that dunning residence on ;tho b.,nks of tho Levcn river, and lately in tho .occupation of Dr b'peucer, lias been rented by Captain Chapel, R.N., who will shortly take up his rcsidenco thoro The excursion train to Launceston on Saturday was poorly patronised, very fow hiking their seat at tlio Devonport station, and tho train only had nine on board when it left RaiUon. Tho monthly mooting of tlio Wcsloy Valo Band of Hope was held in tho Hall on Tuesday ovening, when every seat was filled. The charge for admission was Id, and 7s 9d was taken at tho door. Tho president. Mr A. Phillips, was in the chairt and was ably assisted in keeping things moving by Mr T. Clarke, the vice-president. The pragraramo (writes our correspondent) opened with a temperance hymn by the ohoir, Mies Payne accompanying on the organ. Recitations wcro givon by Mieees Emma Clarko, M. Moore, and Lillian Clark, Messrs Lin'on and Greenhill (tho latter boing especially worthy of mention), and Masters Linton and W. Linton ; read ings by Messrs A. Phillips and Linton, and ance songs by Mrs A. Phillips, Misses Ray? Olive, and Findlay, and Mr T. Clarke, Theso items wero interspersed by temper- anco melodies by tho choir, Miss Payne playing tho organ accompaniments. The entertainment concluded with a dialogue, "Tho troubles of a bachelor," in which .MiBBcs Piper, Findlay, and Olive, Messrs T. Clarko Greenhill, Moore, and Phillips, and Ma&ter; E Clarke took tho respective parts in a mostcapablo manner, tho young ladies boing particularly good. We remind our roadors of tho plain and fancy dress ball to bo held in the Ulvor stono Town Hall , on Friday next. Tho so -rotary, Mr e. j., Peterson, informs us that ho has a fow tickets loft, and oarly application, should bo mado. Tho ball pro mises to bo a most brilliant uffair, all the appointinonts are to, bo first-class, and a good string band has boon engaged for tho night. An illustration of >he depressed slnlo of (ho labor market was shown yosterday morning. Teudors wco culled by llio loeal miller for mippl> ing and dolivo-ing 200 tens of firewood, ia 51 1 lengths, nnd » largo number of tenders wero received, the lowest prieo boing fis per ton. Much regret was expressed at Devonport on Sunday, when it became known that Miss Lucy Ross, daughter of Mr J. Ross, had breathed her last. The deceased was highly respected. She succumbed to an affection of the brain. It is state I that legal proceedings havo been instituted against four of the members of tho Giblin Hall committoo by a gontlo- (nan at Devonport, for services rendered in connoution with tho philharmonic con certs hold iu tlio hull last year. . Tho mining manager of tho Kentish Proprietary Silverininiug Company, Sh;f- held, reports, under date, October 10 Ttinuol driven 5ft Gin for the week ; total, 6u8ft. , Ground, hard slate, with voins of carbonate of lime. Water strong in faco Our Deloraino correspondent writes: — file Western Jlillo Club," headed by- tho Wqstbury Brass Band, hold a church parado on Sunday. In tlio afternoon n snored concert was iiold, at wlucli tlioro woro a great many present. Tiio bandsmen woro entortdinod to dinner by Mr Caleb Smith, through "whom an onjoyablo afternoon's pastime wis provided.; . ( . Tho Latrobo Homing Socioty How a raco froui Dunorian bn Saturday, with tho following ' rosult Mr , E< BroomhaU's Pennnco (32min 17soo), 1 ; Mr . W.v jarvis' Quicksilver (fi2min BOsoc), 2 ; Mr J. A. White's Suneliino (filimin 20soo), 3. During the past throo weeks B0v>ra robbories have been roi»ortod to tlio polico at Devonport, and each was surrounded with mysterious circumstances. At last a cluo was obtained, and this was followed up, with tlio result tliat early yesterday morning a youth numcd Walter Templar wus arrested. Templar, who is 19 years of ago, has earned for himself au unenviable notoriety. On August 25 ho was charged at tho criminal sessions in Launccstom with stealing a filly, tho (property of Mrs Buuld, of Lntrobi. Tlio jury, however, fa'lod to ngroo, nnd Tomplar was romaodod until tho uoxt sittiugs, and was subsequently admitted to trial. Sinco then ho mado his way. to tho Mersey district, and found om- ploymont On September 20 a riding .saddle, horso collar, ono pair hames, and ono pair of chain traces, valued in all at au, n uro . stolen i rom air >v . ocou s xiirui, near East Dovonport. On tho following day Herbert Vortignn, of tho Forth, had a cart, Raddlo, and breeching, horso's collar, tivo pairs of liaines, ono iiair winkers, and a plough lino, of the nggrogalo valuo of £5, stolon.; Thoh, early oil tho morning of thp 28tli ult, Mr Boatwright's prcmisos, ncar Latrobo, wore visitod, nnd n jack piano, horso's collar, and a brace and sovcral bits wora romoved. On Tuesday last a quan tity of harness was sto'on feom Mr Hark no8s', at Latrobe. AU these robberies woro roported to tho polico, and suspicion foil on young Templar. Botween 5 and 6 o'clock yosterday morning, Sub-Inspoctor Collett nnd (Constables Norris - nnd Wells visited Templar's fathor's hoimai. Stott'a Plains, and after a search discovered nenrly tho whole of the stolen property, tlio riding saddio and u p'ough line boing tlio only articles missing. On discovering that tho police wcro on his trackToinplar attempted to oscapo by crawling up a chuunoy, but the scrambling noiso ho mado was heard by the police, and ho was quicky hauled down, covered witli soot. Ho was thon handcuffed, nnd romovod to tho EaBt DeVonnort lock-ud. We believe meat of the harness has boon identified by the owners nnd the makers, although attempts had been mado to disfigure it The ac cused will bo brought up nt tho East Dovonport Polico Court to-morrow to nnswerthe charges. Tho polico aro to bo complimontcd on tho arrest, and as tho robbories had boon committed at places so fur apart, somo difficulty was experienced in shooting homo the charges. Mr E. Dye has got on well witli tho building of tlio Cottago Convent nt La trobe. The structure will bo a hnndsomo ono, and is so far advanced that tenders are invited for tho painting and graining. Wiring on Saturday, tho St Mark's cor respondent of tho "Telegraph" reports Work ut tho travelling dairy to-day went ahead in good sty'o,. and Mr Napier's barn was a busy depot. Many a faco oot seen on the first day wcro uoticeublo, and. there was un doubtedly- a genuine interest taken io everything, 'Tho manager wus nskod if ho intended sitting up all night to press tho chouse whon he put them in on Friday, but he was oble to convinco tba most sceptical when ho took th;m out of the moulds tl at It was not at all necessary, In point of fact ho treated it in'a moat " un holy" manner according to the views and traditions of tho raco of olieose-makera in this distriM, He toased it up aad let it fall, and then placed it on tbe floor, and invito 1 the hoiviest man in the room to bind on it. Of course it was expscted to break up, but it did not do flo, and thus a fine choose was turned out of thenresiand lli'3 mould 1G hours after the broken curd was put in. About the usual time occupied for tbe same work here is from three to four ddjs.io that there probeies aaves a great deal of time. It alao aeourea much more oheeae than the eiliipate of ourdalry- men, which Is about lOOtb from 100. gallons of milk. Mr MoCormiek's ch'iio weighed 391 hd 4tlb respectively, and the average they would give. la 1201b to 100 gallons of milk These are twopunta whioh havo made tbo dairy gain favor, and another thing the maaagor told his pupils and the tp-etntors wus that if his cheono was ki pt'in a lemporahiro of not leu than 65 dogrccs, uor higher thin 70 dogreea, it would bo roidy to market' in six wo:bs Tlio pupils wore busier to-day, having aettlod down to the work, and the barn was a most p'eisiog right, tho young ladies working around tho cheese, and ontoring upon their duties heartily. Tho Dovonport Brass Band fntondod giviug nn open-air concort in the Grammar School Grounds, West. Dovonport, on Sun day nftcrnoou, but owing to tho unfavor able woaihor, it was decided to postpone it until next Sunday. Tlio monthly Court of Requests will sit at tho Courthouse, East Devonport, to morrow. Ono defended caao is not down for hearing! Eutrics for tho chopping contests at Latrobo on November 30 arc coming in, and already the secretary 1ms rocoived oil- trios from Victoria and Now Couth AVa'cs. Yosto'day afternoon thoro was turned out of Messrs A. A. Gulliver & Co '« estab lishment, Gilbort s'root, Latrobo (writes our correspondent), n first-class stripper and bagger, mado to tho order of Mr John Uockliff, of Westfiold, Sassafras. as far as an unprofessional eye could judgo, tlio work was well done, aud tho nrticlo had a first-class appoaranco. At tho mooting of tlio Dovonport Literary Association this ovoning, in tho Library- room, Wost Dovonport, Mr R. C. Oldliain is to read a paper on u Ghosts." Tho Lougford Show is to bo hold to morrow. Extra trains will run on the >Yu»iuru rno, nnu inu usual coaoosmuuu tiro mado to exhibitors and thoso in clinrgo of stock, full particulars of which appear in our advertising columns. A bazaar, tho proceeds of which aro iu aid of -St Patrick's Church building fund! will be hold in tho Oddfellows Hull, Latrobo, on show day, October 20, undor tho management of a strong committoo of ladies, whoso names appear elBowhcro. A first-class dinnor wi 1 also bo provided, and contributions in monoy or kind are invited from friends. 