IRRovfiiat. A Late Repeltaice; OR, THE LITTLE WHITE HAND. By MRIS. EARlY A. DlENISON. CIH.IPTEI XVI. Ar LoTnsnousus. "My poor little darling," her uncle said, 'My poor little darling.' She wrenched herself out of his arms. "Dotty 1" he spoke, with a sort of stern surprise. "I won's have this," he presently scelaimed. "Dotty, what has Lord Dennis. ton been scyinog to you 7" "Nothing," she mode quiet reply; "noth ing at lease that's harm," she added, half sullenly. "DBu I heard what you said, Dotty." There was a grief and poio in his voice. "I never thought of this, so help me Heaven I" he conotinued, almost passion. ately. Dotty stood silent, never moving so much as her head or hood. " We must see about it," he said again, ow in very stern tones. " I'll have no tri fing by-" "Oh, uncle, there's nothing." gasped the girl, " there's nothing at all. If there was .1-it's all my fault. He did nothing, only praised me as if-as if-" 1e1 gave one greas gulp, "I was his daughter. He's-bhe's twentyyeara older than I." " Yes, I know that; and that's why I didn't take more precaution. By heaven, men are such fools l" " Oh, uncle don't talk so I" "Talk I feel like shooting him. Here for bearly two m snths I've been trsoting him oecauae-becauoe his father was good to me, i suppose. So he was an honorable man as ein go ; but this Lord Donuiston, corse amI" Dotty's arms were about his neck, for he trembled wish passion. Naturally a very ;uiet man, prone to restraining his emotions, when he did girve loose to feeling, it was with the impetuosity of a stream long kept within barriers. And he felt that there was no mis taking poor little Dotty's heart-cry, and blamed himself for allowing such unrestrained intercourse, "But I thought," he said to himself again and agnin. " I thought Walter Donniston's son was an honorable man." "Well, Dotty, you prayed that he might ;o, and go be shall," la said, alter a brief silence, which was a foolish thing to say. The better plan is gonerally to say as little as possible and do as much. "Uncle, I-I don't think you understood me," she said, beginning with great eager sass ; hot he took her two hands and forced ner to look at him, Then ashe turned scarlet; then her head fell, and she burt into toters. "Poor little one," murmured her uncle, :ooking as if he would like to cry himself, '" The old mtory of the wolf and the lamb. Come, come," he added, "if you go on this way I shall turn him out at once,. neck and heels. Don't be to silly no to cry." "I'm not e-asilly-I'm n-nervous ;" was her reply in the midet of her sobs. " Well, well-we'll have good tiunes in enits ofit," he said. " When we r:re alone again, as please God we will be. I'll pet ready for a journey, and take you abroad. I'm tired of orok; and then we'll forget all our trouble', won't we ?" She nodded her head in assent against his ossom. "You see Osuch men think nothing of com pliments-don't even know when they give them, often. And yes are so young-enah a young, foolish little chic -never havlot seen men, (and I wish they were all with his in-. fernalmajesty)." he ad sed, in an usderto:e. SCome, come, heer up -'.on't make old uncle feel miserable, for you inow he has chickl nor child, noboly but you-nnbo3y but his little Dotty," "Oh, uncle," cried Doty, in a subdued voice. " and you are tihe hi t encle is the world-anid I love oinu eacrly. There now. I'm just your little cirl n; tn. andi we'll have soce-euh go' -0 tin ., ' she aidl*d. dolor ously., ' We'll a1;Jay k-- hLou-, together, wcn' we, nod I'i bhe it-, and daughte:r, and everything. On, yes, we'll be very-very happy." The word seemed almeost to choke her, hbut she repeated it bravely., :.nd ts old solicitor strained her .to his heart, inwardly hoping that her waund was not very deep, and that the smart of it would not lst long ,enouah to make her miserable. That very night he opened the suhbject to Danniston. "You didn't think," oegan the latter, in some confusion, "that I-'' "It isn't you, I)Danniston-it's-it's the child I'm thinking of. Sis's never seen som psany-ohe's an innocent, sensitive little thing, just for all sboe wrld llre her mother, weho was a gesiua as ewell as siri born, and I'm afraid for her. Perhsps you under stand." "1I do, Bencher, and I'll go away to-mor scw. She's a sweet little thing, an I quite fit to be the mate of a bhtter and a prouder man than I. Upon my honor, I like her, and my liking is as innocent as if she were my own child. I told her so. If I were free," he he addled-" bou why do 1 say that ? I hope some good man may find your little pearl; she's of great price-in my eyes." And truth to tell, thcre was some heart in what he said, and though he was a vain man, and a shallow man, hbe did feel sincerely seorr', when from subsequent observation he saw the harm he mieht hars done. It was a regreltfuls!jte, f fer a slip of a girl unl'ste ; so much dignity of character; lhmt- oe uEduld have guessed how near the surface her feelinge lay. The journey to London way an uneventful one. The same scenes that he had oftein keen whirled past by the same rapil trs-nsit A dozing traveller in or5ecorner, a li'ht-hearsed young girl in the other, whose eyes he often met. A short rest in London at an inn-he had no baggage to care for-, few r ills on a few acquaintances in chambers, fromn whom he received the heartiest con'ratulations. a visit to his uncle's solcitor, from wvvoo he learned the good new sihat five hundred a year went with the title, his uncle having relented toward the cloes of his lifv. "Half a loaf's better than no bread," he said to himself, his iheart beating with grati fiastion at the thought that he was not pen niless; "but then ihlat ' tie hundre t at Alderbooghs? He might just as easily have made it five thousand, with his enormous income." ,t;; arboughs war- only oen miles_ hby rail, i.h"thbe b-aitit e'f"Lyndono, bu hsving the chance to purchase a cob for a small sum, Iheo preferred to travel leisurely, stopping as he pleased on the way. He experienced strangely mixed emotions as he journeyed on toward his future home. The past he had striven to banish, and at times had partially asucceeded. Sometimes in dreams the most painful of his experiences were acted over again, and he thought as ten derly as he dared of the beautiful girl who had been so willing to make her home with him, who he believed had loved him for him seif alone. He believed her dead. He thought he saw her go down under his very eyes, and he turned his fancies again toward the queenly Isoline Hunter. "Now," he said to himself, " I will write her, and tell her I had it from Miss Laura's own lips that the letter was a forg-ry. No, on second thought, I won't do tast; poor Laura was herfriend. I won't inform against the dead; there'll be other ways, and now that I have a title, why, I fancy she'll be quite willing to take my word." At every tavern he ordered lights for the night. Though a sound sleeper, thanks to good digestion and perfect bodily health, yet there was on him a constant weight of apprs hension. He dreaded that he might awaken, and then, for certain reasons, the night was a terrorto him. He was very quiet and sub' dyed. Few people thought him other than a well-to-do crommercial man, or a city man, travelling at his leisure. He had lost the am bitiou to look his position. Before he was a lord people generally took him for one. After he oanme into his title no one called him " my lord," butonly "sir." At last he reached the park gates of Alder boughs. The traditional porter's lodge, built of gray stone, and coversd with ivy, was in the usual corner. Old Grant, a gray-headed man, came out without his csp. The snagni ficene head of this man formed a strong con traat to the meagreness and shabbiness of his clothes. "Lord bless my goul, Master Dick, it it ba'nt he I Well, well, brown as a berry, and enough like his uncle to be his son. Wel come home, Master Dick. You gave us all a bad scare, sure enough, coming over from that foreign country; we did expect to be put out o' the family. which would be a sore strait to be in to we old uns. Well, I declare -I'm more powerful glad to see ye than I ean tell." '!I'm glad to sBee. you, Grant; but where's Eliza ?" The old man shook lhis great ohook of silver white curis, and his blue eyes grew dim. " Gone, Master Dick-g-ne up to the p,,ce she was ripening for ever sense I first knew her. She dian't live long after the old lord went, and she's buried next to the family vault. You remembers El:za, my lord ?" "Don't I? The handeemeat woman I ever saw." "Wasn't she now, eb ?" aested the ola man, omiling, while the tears slid over his red oheeaks. " Ah, you ely rogue, you've an eye for beauty yet. Well, well, welcome hios-. Miaster Dick. You'll find things at nix'a and sevens at she old place, I make no doubt.'" "Are any of the old servants there?" " Only two or three. Yon see the place bhas been dull like, hbt it'll brighten up now it's got a master. B it you didn't bring a wife stalong, h? Tim"n enough tir that I s'pnze you'd say. You was always a sly one with the girls, ay, that you was." Dunniston held his hbead down, a sollen pang shooting astraight to his heart. A msore thoroughly wretched man never went to soke posoerssian of his own than the present L rd Dunuiston, as he rode slowly along the park, every inch of which was his- own pro. perty. It was well wooded and watered; the prina aipal trees being ash and elm gave an air of fertility and graze to the landscanpe. Every. thing seemed, however, to wear an aepect of negleet, as the old lo-Is keeper had soid. Some of the trecs were very much waste I and withered; the irves wae high, aod in nsnny places trampled unon. A, he came in s° at of the house it seered more and more ear rounded by the esigns of desolstion. It ween a splendid pile of architeeture, and as it received on its southern front tihe dlireet raes of the sun, now travelling towrard its zenith, D in. aiston thought he had seldom seen a more glorious building. Riding slowly up to the south front by a gently curving road, till he reached the too moet terrace, he loosed his reins in front of the maoeive portals. All was as silent as the grave. The doors presented the appearance of having been shut ever since the last lord was carried from its threshold. He sat these on his horse Icokiog about him on one of the doest landscapes in all England. Broad and ilue, takinig its color from the eky, the Thames raolled by in the distance, while hill and vs.!, tree and shrub, with sall the delicate coloro lent by nunshine. and shadow, and dis. tnes spread eat bet are him on the right and left. his own i moene inclu ling a large part of the viaew. H- f-It the pridel of proprietor. ship, hbut no gnia'ity, no warmth. There was nobody to wslcome him, only solitary rooms to c-at t, and ghostly beds and drpeery. l'reesntly tie beard footsteps. A man in ehabby livrry -samn round from one side of :ba building and otoppad short at eight of the horry and riler. "I: ait't eve: Lrd l)nlauioton, the new one l" soid the moo, hall to himself. 'Yes, it is." seek- up llunniston, promptly, " I was not 'ibise o sesd word of my coming, and so here I a's. I should like to be let in sn-i have my liorse seen to." " Inmedliite:-ly, my lord;" and the man wont off, muetering. feeling that his reign of ireseand-easy preprietorship was over. " I'Sl get up the os' er eservants, my lord. To think of his cominig here without even a valet," be muttered, as he turned the corner ogain. Presently there were heard signs of life from within. T:te ponderose dosrs were thrown wid's oesn, and a men in very fair habilimente bhised low a:m Donciston sprang leone his horse and entered the lofty hall. How chilling was the welcome-bow cold and coheerless the atmosphere I The house. beeper, a large. pleasant faced woman in a anow white rap with broad frill, and a snoff oslored silk dress that rattled with every movement, same into the hall from a side door as he entered. 82e bowed, and oteod as it awaiting orders. "I should like some Innoheon," said Dun sieton, rather in awe of the ell-dressevd woman; "and i suppose I shall find a room in readiness." " There's one being got in readiness, my lJor," said the tioneak _ r; '"it', only ato be opened and sunned, and fresh linen put on. I think you might go up now, my lord. John, show his lordebip the green room to the right in the first gallery. Old Betey says you used to like it when a boy." "Yes, I did. And is old Betsy living still ?" "Oh, no, sir; I were here nine years before the old lord died. Heo had confidence enough to leave things in my charge," she added, with some pride. "And your name ?" " Mirs. Leslie, sir, at your service," she replied, dropping an old fashioned cour tesy. " Well, Mrs. Leslie, I'm very glad to find you here, and eshall be very glad to keep you, if possible. I am all alone you eve, and being a man of quiet tastee. t ehsll rnot want a great many servants. But I rather think I shouldn't be able to get along without a housekeeper," and he smiled and nodded in his pleasant way, which made M-5s. Leslie feel that her new olaster was an :scy o'e and a goanoe'. .menly one;t --------- Preently luncheon was announced. The diningroomn was grand, but cheerless. There were famous squares of color on the walls. there was wooderful panelling, and heavy oaken furniture, covered with fine crimson morocco. The floor was painted in harmon izin, tints, and plenty of rich rugs were spread around. Old Lord Danniston bad never liked car pets, and would not have them in the rooms he used. It is needless to say that the present maiter felt his solitude to be irksome, and yet he did not wish for society. In fact he was becoming slowly conscious that his old careless self was gone, that his lidht-heartedness had departed forever,that he was only the ghost of his former self. CHAPTER XVII. A COLOSSAL yonRToNE. It came over him sometimes like a dumb, restless sense of horror. Snould he ever for get? No; tbas was quite impossible, oven if it were his doom to live a hundred years, like that old crone he saw at the Dutch wayside inn. Hne had hoped that as time went on the re membrance of hie sin might grow fainter, but instead of that it seemed at times to be crushing him. Even when he thought that for a while all was forgotten, the presence of an indefinable something jarred dully against his consciousnees, and he felt that it could never be shaken off. If Laura had lived, per haps-but no; even with her the shadow would have been ever beide lhim. Slowly ihe settled down to the conviction that he should never know bappiness again, and cursed his fate, and almost cursed God. Sometimes he wondered at his own apathy, his easy giving up to rircumstancee, and longed for an insane impulse to rush ofl somewhere and travel, to forget in dissipation his self-made trouble, but the inclination was gone forever; at least he '.neied so. The splendor of Alderboughs became at times intolerable to him, and he wandered with a sick heart from room to room, all effort palsied, always carrying with him the fearflul ghost of the past. Nobody came there, for he had made friende of no body; the servants talked mysteriously of singular noises in the house, and how they heard the old lord tramping up and down. Lights were seen in strange ouf-of-the-way places, and Lord Dunniston would go on long, solitary tramps, and come home at unheard of hours. The only thing he seemed to tabke any interest in was the tewoard'e visits and accounts, and yet Stains, the steward. was a cold, dark- loolking man, who had a deformity in his mouth which was scarcely hidden by his moustache, and articulated with diffi oulty. Once Dunniston had written to his friend, the solicitor, and begged him to come and bring Dotty, playfully adding that his hair was growing gray; but the careful solicitor, in return, declined the honor. People began to talk about the solitary lord, who invited no one, and went nowhere. His old acquaintances had formed new associa lions, and new men feared snubbing. Once MIre. Leslie, with whom he was com fortably familiar. asked himn why he did not give dinners, and have people out for shooting and fishing, and be answered in a surly men ner, that five hundred a year searcely kept the estate in repairs, and himself in decent olothes. "Ah, but that's easily remedied," she said. "Pray how, Mrs. Leslie." "A little society would bring you a rich wife. There's many a lady who would be glad to exchange her thousands for a title. Butif ye don't go out, and nobody comes in, how will you get her ?" " A conundrum I can't answer," said he, trying to be facetioes, and sat down to think. Then hie face brightened. " By the Lord Harry, I will," h said. " IIi bai fool no longer. Isoline Huntlyl By Jove, how her splendid presence would lighten up this old house I And she's the richest woman in New York. I'll writs to her this moment." So he wrote, and sent the letter by that day's poet. "If I get a favorable answer, I'll try the Atlantic again. 'In for a penny in for a pound.' It's not twice in his lifetime a man gets wrecked." That day he was in high spirits. He had sworr be souldl forget. He bought Mrs. Les lie a new silk gown, and began some repairs he had conitemplated. Nothing would suit him but the pulling down with his own hands, for he fancied he had a gift for me chanics; so while he was in the midst of yellow dust, and no end of splinters, his man came to say that a visitor had called. ",Who is it t" he asked, impatiently. "'Ere's his card, sir." He took it and read: "REv. E. C. DTTorroN, "Vicar, All Ilafllfows." " Who the deuce is he ?" he muttered, and went hot and cold. It was in the church of All Hallowo he had married Eden Wane. Ah, that little village of Streatford, how often he had oursed it in his heart. Poor Eden, she found the way to his love, but did not know how to keep it. If she had tyrannized over, him, ever so little had been a person of moods, so that one could not have depended upon her temper-if she had made him coax her, or scold her, if she had been wilful or exauting, he would still have found in her something to win him, hut she loved him too much, and allowed him to see it. Instead of his wife, she was his slave. His will was her law; he was bible and God, and to him she yielded suech implicit obedi ence that he ended by despising her. She had not the arts and witcheries of the women of the world, you see. She seas always a child, in a certain sense. Sbe hao no manner, few accompliehments, and betrayed her origin. In one word she was too angelie for him. All this time we have left the rrltor stand. ing in the library where he hadbeen uehered. A tall, keen, intellectual- loolting man, whose large, deep-set eyes and firm, beautiful month made him a striking-looking, if not a hand some man. Ho glanced round at the noble array of books, the pictures, busts, statnary, that made the room a paradise to him. Pre sently, Lord Dunniston, who had exchanged his duat-overed blouse for a plain black ceat, came in, bowed, placed a chair for his visitor, took one hirteell. "* You do not, I presume, remember me,· said the former. "I am Eorre to say I am at fault," an swered Lord Dunniston. " Sixyears ago"-Lord Dunnieton shivered a little--" I was the curate of Chriet's Church, :ir atfota. You do not, I sen, recall me. and n wonder. I was a Blender, sickly, young t. Ilow; I have changed very much since then. The living I have now I got from your uncle, thE old Lord Dunnieton." his listener bowed assent. " remember yon very well. I thiine, for norse reason or other, you went by the name of Dick Waltera." " A part of my name," said the other, who was diligently gathering up his energico, feelo ing that a time was coming in which at least one man'e soul would be tried. " I saw you often at church. and always in the company of Eden Wane, the daughter of old Leonard, the fruiterer." Dinnisticn could only bow. "When sac left the village, ecarcely more than a child," can'inned the vicar, looking down. " as you tacy suppose, rumor dealt unfairly with her name. I, in common with the rest, thought I1t3 woret." Duonnistont frown d. " But, two yeard ago, her father, on his deat'n bed, eoaeela.Y' to e. the -secrsb. of her mar isge with you. lalo your expectations." "W'hatI'" cried Danninlon, starting for ward, "is the old iran deed?" "Both parents are dead; they died within a week of each other of malignant fever, unearly two years ago." " And what is the object of your present call?" " I heard of your return here, Lord Dun. niston, and that you came back alone." "Yes; my wife died in America." "Died i' Pardon me," and the vicar changed countenanco. A flush deepened the intensity of his expression; he sought in his coatflaps for his handkerchief, found it, wiped his forehead, leaning forward a little. "It is soaietbing of a shock to me; you will perhaps underetand it when I say, fur ther-that-that little Eden Wane was very dear to me. I had known her from child hood; I-;well, I have never married and never shall." fHaving stated the case thus delicately, the vicar wiped his forehead again, restored the handkerchief to its place, and sat bolt up right. " In that case." he said, partly to himself, par:ly to Lord Dunniston,who sat outwardly cool, tapping the edge of the table softly with his fingers, "the advertisement will do no good." "The advertisement," said Lord Dunnis ton. " It isn't posvible that you advertised her ?" " We certainly did," said the vicar, mildly; "and when you hear the circum stanceso, which I see you do not know, you will not wonder. Perhaps you never knew that Farmer Wane had a brother, who, in ilas youth, was rather a reckless sort of a man." " Oh, yes, Ihave bestd," said Lord;Dun niston, abstractedly. "His name was Lew, or Lowry, or something of that sort." " His name was Lawin. He was twenty one when he emigraterod to Australia. That was nearly twenty years ago." "I remember now tha old man used to write to him," said Dunnieton. " Oh, yes. they always kept up a correa pondence till the old man died; Miss Eden's father, I mean. Within the year news has come of this Lewin \Vane's death. He left a large fortune, an extraordIinary fortune, I may say." Dunniston now was all attention. Life had come into his eyes, his limbs, his motions; an eager, wintlfl look took the place of his former padneivity. "And he left it," he queried, anxiously, his lips parted. "L He left it to the old people, his brother and wife; and if they were not living it went to their daughter Eden." " Anl-and-how muoh?" faltered Dan niston, eagerly. STveenty the na'nd a year." Danniston clutched both hands secretly, and aet his tenth hard. lIe could have cried cun in his anguish, " Good God, what have I done ?" but he never moved or spoke, only gr. w paler and paler, sand hlis breath came corteor and 'honrter. Never occurred the erdas more lorcicly to humao comprehension tilha to him at tiat moment: ' Tnnr hast de-troyed thyself." " Failing her, who does it go to?" he skehd,inB Woeak voicwhicheuoraoly sounded itse his own even to himself. STo several prominent charities," was the -'ply. 'Yes, I underctand." He hrushed his fore heard wish hia hand in an unsettled manner. S) yon-you advartised." " O,. yes, nearly two months ago." "In E ,clish papero ?" "Bjtht Etglish and American." "And you will wait-how long 1" "B g your pardon; I don't quite under. aond." '" Deing eatinlied as to her death, how long before this-this money will be applied ?" " That I cannot tell. Oi couree you will give "4 every information roespecting her de cease, and very probably it will take the law yers some time to settle the ease. It generally does when there is so much money in the question. I think you said she died in America." "Yes," said Dunniston, secretly writhing. " 01f course there is no chance for the hus band. You know sometimes the wife's for tune-" "Alt, if she had come into it while living," said the vicar, comprehending the drift of the question, "she could, of course, have willed it to you, but, as it is, the law takes it into custody; at least for the present." " Miserable fool I LMadman I" These words he seemed to himself to yell, as he sat there, in condemnation of himself. The pers piration rolled from his brow-he hardly know what to do or say. "I suppose," said the vicar, in his calm voice, " the fact of your wife's death is certi fled to-in sase proof should hbe required." "I-that I could not tell you-in fact I was not with her," returned the miserable man. "Not with her I Not with your wife I Oh, you mean probably that you were somewhere abroad-as all events away from home." " I mean no such thing," said the new lord, doggedly. " We-we quarrelled. She went her way, I went mine." The vicar had slowly drawn himself buck ward; a look of distrust gathered on his face and clouded it. " Quarrelled I-Eden Wane I-whose tem per was as placid as that of an infant's, who, if I were to criticise, I should say had not native fores of character enough to aeara her self even if wronged. I can hardly realise it. You, in plain Englisb, left her." " She left me. Pardon me, it is not a plea sant thing to think of, much less to talk about." " And I should say-pardon me-but there are formalities, you ktow, to be gone through with, in order to obtain positive proof of one's death under such cirsum stances." "I heard of herdeath through an old servant of mine," said Dunniston, setting his teeth again. " Then it was I decided to come back to England. I pledge you my word I didnot know of my uncle's death till I was nearly two daya' sail from New York." -i But, perhaps, the announcement of your wife's death was incorrect. How do you know it is true ? Did you make inquiries, in order to satisfy yourself, or-" "Pardon me I" Dunnioton drew himself up stiffly, "what little knowledge I have to impart I shall be very happy to offer to the proper authorities." "Rtally I-" said the vicar, rising, " 1 suppose I am overstepping the bounds of my effice-but you will remember that to me. Eden Wane was tho one woman in all the world," and, the blood sushing to cheeks, browe and throat, he made a low and formal bow, and took his leave. " There's romething about that man I don't like," muttered the vicar, as he passed down the broad sotone steps leading to the upper terrace. "Confound his impertinence I" said Dun niston, under his breath. " What right had he to catechise me in that fashion ? Heaven I could he have suspected any. thing ?" Trifles light as air are rocks like the nether millistone to a burdened and guilty conscience. Dunnieton set about studying what he had said, how deported hlimself, and then he re membered that all his misery and crime re suited from a longing to be rich-and here a coloseal forturne hod been so near to his hand. He was constantly picturing to him self what he might have done, what he might have been, even with a fair and helpless wife like Eden. " Ah, might it not have been Eden here?" These thoughts preyed .upon him till his rralrt' grew Trot. He foresaw all kidds -of trouble in store for him. Suppose his crime should be discovered. His valet had been proved worthless-though in reality he knew nothing of thebo facts as they had occurred bus to Dunaiston, everything was clouded with uccertaiuty. Ho was reaping the fruita of his wrong doing, and ouftering from the immutabto law of compensation, which always was and always will ho inexorable. "The best thling I can do," he said, gloom ily, " is to bshoot myself." To be Con/,inesd. 