PAPER CHASE ON HORSEBACK. The paper chase on horseback arranged by Messrs. J. H. Galbraith and A. Tower, with a view of assist- ing the proposed hunt club, was brought to a successful issue on Saturday last, when McMillan's Hotel, Bankstown, was the trysting-place. Among those present were Messrs A. Tower on Blazes, J. H. Galbraith on Bantam, G. A. Terry on Rocket, T. Mullins on Sunday, L. Rolin on Barl, M. Ford on Razzle Dazzle, Frazer on Major, Richards on Blanche, Nott on Charles, Brunton on Roger, Gordon on The Ghost, Price on Joe, W. McKelevey on Vesta, Bucknell on Peer, Dr. Bucknell on Sky- scraper, McQuillan on Dodger, T. McQuillan on Jerry, Hutchins on Widenwake, F. Clarke on Tim, McDonald on Lady Lovel, E. Clarke on Possum, C. Macdonald on Botherum, Gormly on Rookwood, Mrs. Hinchcliffe on Ruth, Miss Hinch- cliffe on Rudulph, Miss Bucknell on Darling, Miss McConochie on Surprise, and Master Richards on Miss Cardigan, while all the district had turned out en masse, and some half-dozen buggy loads of spectators, among whom were Mr. C. Cowper, Mr. Decent, Mrs Wild, and the Misses Hassall, showed their appreciation of the sport. Messrs Tower, McQuillan, and Gordon were entrusted with the trail at 3.15 p.m., and 20 minutes later tho hounds were laid on. A merry run of about 11 miles ensued, principally through open forest land and an occasional belt of scrub, with light fences interspersed. The run opened by taking a double through Mr. Leigh's and out by Dr. Tarrant's, into the Old Canterbury-road, then across to Padstow Park, with a sharp turn to Mr Carruthers's property, through the Beaconsfield Estate right down to George's River, through George's Hall Estate on to the Liverpool-road, through Finlay's into Auburn Park, where a check was made for a moment, as some sympathetic people had provided refresments. On resuming a straight run of about three miles brought the party back to the point of commencement. The hounds ran well, and, though baulked by numerous false trails, and taking into consideration the heavy state of the country, eventually finished well together at a great pace, about two minutes behind the hares, all having thoroughly enjoyed the day's outing, and agreed unanimously to attend the preliminary run of the Sydney Hunt Club. 