MUSIC AND DRAMA. The French dhily journals to hand contain interesting details with respect to the cele bration of the Meyerbeer centenary at Paris in November. It appears that the directors of the Opera were very much embarrassed owing to uncertainty as to the exact date of the birth of the composer. As formerly seven towns disputed Homer, there were no less than seven dates put forward for the arrival in this lower world of the illustrious musician, and we are told that MM. Ritt and Gailhard, desiring to displease no one, put all the days of the year in a hat and drew out November 14. Another difficulty arose. For ceremonies of this kind a bust is indispensable, and none appropriate could be found at the Opera. At ono timo the idea was seriously entertained of utilising the bust of M. Meyer, of London, and that of M. Beer, of Turiquc, which with a littlo goodwill might have beon mado to re present Meyerbeer (!). Finally, an authentic bust, presenting a faithful likeness, was dis covered in the back shop of tho publisher, Maquet. zYs regards tho performance, after tho overture to " Struensee" tho curtain of the opera was raised upon tho first act of "L'Africainc," then came the cathedral sccno from "Le Prophite." After this followed tho " Cdrdinonie," in which M. Mounot, Sully, of tho Comcdic Frangaiso, appeared by the side of the bust of the hero of tho fete. He was surrounded by lords and ladies of all countries and all ages. Theso were tho artists of the opera, who had assumed tho costumes of their r⩽, and amongst whom were mingled Bomo of tho old pensioners of tho opera, conspicuous amongst theso was Duprez, who had boen rejuvenated by this soiree, and who recol lected, not without emotion, that ho was Raoul do Maugris, after having been Robert le Diablo. M. Mounot-Snlly recited verses composed for the occasion by M. Jules Barbier. At this point the enthusiasm in the hall knew no bounds. One would have be. lioved that the management had ejected from that representation all thoso who did not profess an absolute admiration for Moyor- beor. This was succeeded by tho third act of " Robert lo Diable," and finally tho fourth act of " Les Hugunots " as originally written. In connection with this centenary it is a re, markable and noteworthy fact that each of tho artists who created tho roles of tho heroines in Meyerbeer's four great operas is now living and in Paris. Mmo Dorus-Gras, who is now 86, appeared first as Alice in " Robert le Diablo " in 1831. The name of Cornclie Falcon is associated with Valentino in " Les Huguenots," the great name of Pauline Viardot-Gareia is attached to the creation of Fides in " Le Proph£te," just as that of Marie Sasse is inseparable from tho figure of Solika in " L'zYfricaine." A writer in Le Gaulois has given a most interesting interview with each of these artists, who, he says, "shine in tho glory of Meyerbeer like four stars flashing in an empurpled firma ment. Mrs. Harry Woods, who as Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs appeared some years ago as tho pianiste of the Sydney Liedei-tafel, and also played with such brilliant success at tho concerts that were given in tho Garden Palace Exhibition, needs 110 introduction to the Sydney musical public ; and tho an nouncement that she is about to reeeivo pupils for the pianoforte Will no doubt meet with a ready response. Mra. Harry Woods has herself received instruction from Mme. Goddard and Mme. Schiller and other well- known in- ofessors of music, and in addition lias been for eight years a pupil of that eminent master, Paolo Giorza, and this, along with the reputation already acquired upon the concert platform, should lie a suffi cient guarantee of the quality of the teaching which will be imparted to the pupils who uro placed under her care. Madame Fanny Simonson's Opera Com-1 pany are closing it season in Adelaide during the present week, which has beon quite suc cessful from ail artistic point of view, and fairly so during the latter portion of the timo, so far as the business aspect of tho undertaking has boen concerned. On Tues day " La Traviata" was given for the benefit of Mr. Martin Slmonsen, and on Wednes day evening a grand farewell concert, in which the whole of Hie company appeared, took place in tho Town-hall, with the view of aflbrdiug an opportunity of hearing the talented members of this company to those Who have objections to attending a par- ivt miumvc 1x1 u duvuviu ui upuiu iiuubot xiio original intention was to proceed to Brisbane from Adelaide, but in view of the great cost involved in tho transference of so large a company and the oxtremo depression of business in the Queensland capital at theprcsent time it has been decided to abandon the visit to that city. Arrange ments are now pending for a theatre in Sydney', and it is probable that in the mean time a short scries of operatic representa tions will be given in Melbourne. The KowaTski concert party, which con sists, in addition to the French pianist, of Miss Bertha RoSsoiv, Mrs. Vanderveer Greene, Miss Beatrice Griffiths and Herr Fcchotsch, havo been giving a series of eon- certs in the City-hall at Auckland, and tho local press speak in high terms of praise of the wliole of the artists. The first concert, which was of a sacred character, took plaeo on Christmas night. The tour is under the management of Mr. W. H. Poole, and before proceeding further it has been decided to give a second sciies of concerts in the Opera House, Auckland, at popular prices.. Miss Clarice Brabazon, a young lady who, although she hits not yet emerged from her teens, lias already made a most favorable im pression by liev pianoforte playing at Sydney concerts, recently gave a private recital at Mr. W. M'Kchzio'8 Academy of Music, Hobart. Miss Brabazon played selections from Liszt, Mendelssohn, Chopin, Gottschallc and also a composition of her own, which is dedicated by permission to Sir Charles HalliY. to the great satisfaction of a number of connoisseurs who were present oh the occa sion. Mrs. Langtry appears to havo made up her mind not to como to Australia "at preseut, at any rate," though she may visit it " Bomo day." An oiler was made to lier, she says, but she declined it. On the other band Messrs. Brotigh and Boucicault's repre sentative speaks of a contract duly Bigned, sealed aud delivered between his principals and tho lady, but in- which the actual date was not mentioned. Tho real truth of the thing is probably this— that when Mrs. Laugtry's pale star is doeliuing ahd her few successful impersonations are no longer popular she will travel Australia on the strength of a celebrity as mnch personal us artistic. Mr. Walter Bentley opened his New Zea land tour at tho New Year, beginning his tour, most appropriately, at Scotch Dun- edin. "Hamlet" was tho first play, with Mr. Bentley in tho name part, Sir. Clifton Alderson as tho Ghost, Mr. C. Hollowny aB the King, Mr. Greenaway as L.urtes, Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan as Polonius, Miss Laura Hansen as Ophelia and Miss Alice Deorwyu aB the Queen. . Miss Julia Marlowe, the American actress, who proposes a tour m Australia, is warmly JraiBod as an artistic delineator of the uliets, the Portias, and other Shakespcrian cluiroctera of tho poetic rather than the tragic stylo. Madame Benhardt after seeing tho yoUhg lady in " Ingoinar," is reported to havo eaid : — ' I have seen an Amerioan actress for whom I prodiot the brightest future. I mean Julia Marlowe. She is a marvellous and interesting artist, refined, subtle and sympathetic. In a short timo she will be one of the few really grand dramatic artists on the stage. She is parti cularly free from faults and never exaggerates her tones or gestures. A11 that she does is dainty and dolicato." Tho business clone with Mr. Musgrove's pantomime at the Theatre Royal is the best on record for tlint theatre. Mr. D. Christie Murray's bankruptcy accounts were very Bimple. Ho had oxton- sivo liabilities but no money. Ho made £800 last year aud accounted for 10s of it. He ex pressed his willingness to hand everything (including tho rights of "Ned's Chum" (which will not realise a very fabuloUB sum) over to tho assignco. Miss Nellie Stewart is to play Susan in tho now opera " Black-eyed Susan," to he produced at tho Shaftsbury Theatre this month. Miss Maria Burton will also bo in tho cast, nnd tho opera will bo conducted by Mr. Alfred l'lmnplon. Mr. J. C. Williamson will probably send out a second comic opera compang shortly. Having an oxtcusivo repertoire of tho host works m this class ami a big staff of people, Mr. Williamson should bo able to cover tho colonics profitably with two companies. Mr. Bland llolt has beon doing immense business at Hobart during the holiday sen son. Miss Guila Warwick, au English opora- bouffo actress, who is credited with doing especially good work in operas of tho "Falkn" style, meditates a visit to Australia. Miss Billas Barlow, who is playing Dick Whittington in the Melbourne Theatre Royal pantomime, is highly praised as a clcvcr smger of exceptional personal attrac tions. At the Alcxundra Miss Aggio Kelton is the centra of tho "Jack the Giant-killer " Compauy. Mrs. Bernard Bccre, who is duo in Aus tralia early iu March, will probably begin her tour at Sydnoy. 