TIE TBAGEDY OF BRINK WATER. Bv MABTHA LIVINGSTON MOODEY. CHAPTER VI. (Continued.) i In this case there was a long chain of consistent evidence, every link of which was perfect This fetter weighed upon Martin, fend he dragged it about as the galley slave drags his chain 1 there was no escape from it. Indeed the sheriff was fast becoming a mono-maniac on the subject of the in nocence of the accused. One day he approached the grating where Ernest Barrell's pale face greeted hira with a wan smile; for die young man saw in die troubled and kindly eyes of the sheriff the soul of a friend look forth. "How is your case to-day, sheriff?" asked Ernest. In his desperation Martin had presented a hypothetical case, in which all his doubts and fears were con fided to jroung Fanell in behalf of a fic ticious prisoner. "Wdl, matters dont't mend much," the sheriff answered, with some reluc tance; "the case will have to go to ttitl as it stands, I guess." "Have you urged the prisoner to con fess ?" uked Ernest "No," returned Martin, "I have not done just that, but I am thinking of it," he added, with a beating heart \- "I should urge it upon him, bjrall means, advised Ernest, to whose upright character this seemed die best way out of die trouble. "You say it will make no difference in the result of the trial ?" "No, not if he pleads guilty." The sheriff turned away his head, he could hotbear the gaze of those beautiful fear less eyes: '"not if he's guilty, Mr. JUkU," he said sadly; then turning ?quickly, he demanded suddenly, and boldly, as if he feared his courage would desert him: "is that what you would Ho If you were in his place." The young man was startled at the un expected question, and involuntarily' withdrew from the grating. "Ah, Martin," he said bitterly," I see, Chave meant me. I had hoped you ir me; I felt there was one man who was my friend, and believed me inno cp»t . V Before God, Ernest Fanell, I do fceKeve you arean innocent man," oried the sheriff passionately. " I da." All itftteQce was useless now; he had com Jnitted himself to Ernest by word of tnotith, who saw through the subterfuge irnd read the sheriff's whole heart "j fcave been on the rack from the first tour of this dreadful business. I can not letit go on without doing'all in my power id cave you." ' "And yoa begin by wanting me to [Confess to a lie?" said Ernest, liitterly. ! Noj no, I don't want you to confess to * lie;but there is no break in this endless chain of evidence, and-and I thought you'tnight, may be, be able to wow isome light upon it that would help tne to-help you. 41 If it woe possible for me to throw isnjr light on this horrible murder, do younot suppose I would gladly and Ifrillingly'do it?" asked young Farrell, in « tone of the greatest concern. " Do . fou think 1 have anything to con ceal?" "Great heavens I what do I mean? «m I losing my reason? do I expect this man to criminate his own mother ?" erclaitiied the sheriff mentally. "For in his deterrainationto save Ernest Farrell, and,failing tp find any orher theory of tnfe'taUtfler, the sheriff had been forced to thettondusion that Agius Fanell was guilty of, or at least accessory to, the JBEer conduct from the first .suspicion of the murder, and through f" ' "ay Jtep of the ordeal since, had been tot a , guilty woman; or one on osesotdweighed a dreadful secret of ,crtnie- . /She had even up all hope from ^e fflonient of the discovery of die puraef.,: Since her imprisonment her ^fie^pair nad been complete. She asked ^constantly news of her son, whom she tseem^d to think was. far removed from {her, plough, in fact, their colls were but AJiarrow space' apart. She asked the 'ji^eriffdaily how he looked I if he ate ricpt wcll, and if his bed was oom 'g-tfpjte thought that being a woman she ^gjjghjtjie favored, and that the chair, nig, am" table had been given her in consrdferi>fi6n pf tier sex. She asked continually Mrhat day of the week it was, for she seemed unable to mark the flight 0f time. 41 It grows dark so soon here," she said, "It seems a great many nights since tpe came." She paced her cell con stantlyand cared for neither food nor . sleep. "I never see them do that when .theyjiave a dear conscience," thought the iheriH who watched his prisoner with die most intense solicitude. Books and papers lay on her table untouched. When Martin called her attention to them, and begged her to compose her self by reading, " Yes, yes," she answered excidedly, "sometime, sometime." , One morning the sheriff brought her a nosegay of honeysuckle, a flower of which she was passionately tond. " Take them away!" she cried, "they will .wither in this unhappy air I" their odor brought to hfer the days she now looked back upon as happy. "But you may find a letter within them," said the sheriff, who blushed to remember that he had opened and read (as was his duty) the little unsealed note which Virgin Grey had wrapped in them ; the spirit of which was as sweet and tender as the fragrance of the flowers that inclosed it. " Give it to me," she said, making no movement to touch the flowers the sheriff had laid on the table. He opened the nosegay and gave her the missive. She took it and ran her eyes over it mechanically. The words, so trustful, and soothing, conveyed no comfort to the distracted heart of Agnes Farrell. She continued her walk back and forth, dropping the paper as she went. Martin picked it up, and carried the flowers and note to Ernest. " God pity and help my poor mother; what can I do to make her agony more tolerable ?" he said. The sheriff whispered a sentence in the ear of the young man. It electrified him like a message of hope. " Dare I! May I" he cried. " To-morrow night," replied the sheriff. " Why not to-night ?" demanded Ern est, eagerly. "Because I have important business to transact to-night," the sheriff answered. " But tell her I am to come, at least," said Ernest Agnes Farrell received the promise of her son's visit with seeming indifference, but a visible shudder shook her frame. The things of time and sense had lost their hold upon her. She lived in the light of but one dreadful day, and all her energies were strained to wait for it and meet it The following morning Sheriff Martin went to Brinkwater; he was walking at a rapid pace through the village-green, with the pre-occupled air of one whose thoughts are turned inward. He met Denby whom he was about to pass with out recognition, when the lattefs cheery "Good-mornin', sheriff; fine growin' weather," arrested him. "Ah, Denby, is that you?" said the sheriff. " I shall want you probably. I am on my way to the church-yard to look after Joseph FarreU's grave. I pro mised his brother to do so, and I may need you to identify it" "Couldn't Ernest Farrell trust me that for?" questioned the grave-digger, sorrowfully. ." Yes, Denby, he would trust you for that, and for far more I am sure, but Mr. Farrell is in prison, and you can not reach him, while I, you know, see him every day, arid can give him what little comfort there is in knowing that his brother's body has been properly buried." As the two men neared the church-yard, Bill Baylis came hurrying up to overtake them, with his hat in his hand and mop ping his red bee with a redder hanker chief. " Good-mornin', sheriff; mornin', Jim. I jist was a wantin' to know if it's all reg'lar about that there coffun ?" "What do yqju mean?" asked the sheriff with a frown. " Well, who's to pay the bill, that's what I mean," replied Baylis,. doggedly. " The estate is able and ready to pay all debts at the proper time," answered the sheriff, in a tone that meant there was nothing more to be said. " It was a high-priced casket," said the joiner, dropping into professional par lance, and I paid cash down for it" " And you will get cash down for it," growled the sheriff as he strode away. This piece of grateful information so mollified the (ears of the mercenary joiner, that, taking off his bat, he made a sweeping bow, and with a broad smile irradiating his ruddy visage remarked that, " It was a beautiful day, and as sparklin' as a new varnished coffun." The sheriff and grave-digger entered the church-yard: the latter leading the way to the murdered man's grave, which was in a spot remote from the family plot, either because the lot was filled, or because, having come to a violent end, those in charge of the funeral thought it " irregular" to have Joseph Farrell buried beside the bones of his fathers until after the trial, when a more ceremonious funeral could be held. "So I shall have to tell Ernest Farrell that his brother is buried in Potter's Field," said the sheriff in a tone of surprise. "Well, not exactly that, sheriff; you see /hed nothin' to do with locatin' the grave," replied Denby apologetically; " I was told to dig it here, and I did." "Of course you are dot to be held responsible, Denby, for that." The sheriff's tone was conciliatory, for he knew he had an ally in this bumble man. " I'm willin' to bear my sheer of the whole blamed business, if I could only help them folks up yonder," said the grave digger, as he made a movement of his head in the direction of Marsh meadows. " I've neither wife, nor chick, nor child, and diggin' graves ain't a payin', or a cheerful callin'. I'm ready to take Ernest FarreU's place any day to save him." "You are willing to help them?" asked the sheriff, looking keenly into the downcast faoe of the grave digger. "Yes, because Ernest Farrell could ao more a done that murder than I could a done it, an' he's young and oughter have a chance, he's better drilled for it than I am, and there's his mother -" the grave-digger stopped short. " Have you any reason for believ ing him innocent?" the sheriff asked tentatively. " When it comes to reasons, sheriff," said Denby, rubbing his forehead in a meditative way, " I don't know as I can jist reason it out; but it's perfectly clear to my mind that Ernest Farrell couldn't do it" " Do your convictions of innocence include his mother ?" "Somebody done that murder, sure, and certain, but heven' nothin' but my own lights to go by, it's not for me to say who did it." The sheriff ordred Denby to plant a stout board at either- end of the new made grave, and mark the initials of the dead man thereon, until further orders. While they were still talking the shrill sound of a whistle splintered the summer air,_ and both men stopped and turned their heads in the direction- whence the sound came. " It's that scarecrow, Artey," said the grave-digger, as the idiot son of Martha Blunt leaped over a flat tombstone behind which he had been hiding. " He prowls around here like a speret; he don't know what fear is, I believe; day and night's all the same to him." The boy approached fearlessly, push ing up with the back of his hand the flopping brim of his well-worn hat, and the tangled mass of hair beneath it. " Here's the man thet'll put you in jail," said Denby, with feigned fierceness, thinking to frighten the boy, who was often intrusive, into good manners. " Will he put the pigeons in jail, too ?" asked Artey, not understanding the threat and grinning up into the sheriff's face, who, attracted by something fami liar in the idiot's aspect, was intently watching him. " The pigeons don't roll in the church yard grass and take their meals off the tombstones : the pigeons will stay where they air, as long as they behave them selves." " Then I'll stay with the pigeons," said Artey. " And where do the pigeons stay ?' asked Martin. The idiot darted a look of alarm at the sheriff, and then turned on the grave-digger a piteous face. " He don't want em, Arty," said his friend soothingly; " they're over to Farrell's," with a look at the sheriff, and a nod in the direction of the homestead. " They're my brothers," pleaded the idiot " I love them and they talk to me." " What do they say, Artey ?" asked the grave-digger, with a pleased intention to draw the boy out " They say," replied ths idiot, melting into a low, soft, musical laugh, "that the grave-digger's first cousin to the owlhe made a deep, guttural sound, an exact imitation of a pigeon's coo; then he drew forth the whistle and blew a shrill blast. " Is that the way you call the pigeons ?" asked the sheriff of the boy. "Thet's what he does it with," Denby answered for the boy, who seeing a great yellow butterfly sail past him, bounded after it, swinging his hat, in hot pursuit " Yes," continued Denby, in reply to a question of the sheriff's; " he's harm less enough ; though the devil do get into him sometimes; he rode a horse to death, they say. I think it's when the moon fulls he's at his wildest. He's nothing but a child, either; he lost his whistle awhile back, and mourned so about it I had no peace till I bought him another: and yet he makes wise sort o* remarks, too, sometimes." " For instance, that one about the owl and the grave-digger, Jim?" said the sheriff facetiously. " Mow I call that un kind o' wild, sheriff, but be has a cute way o' flyin* the track when you try to pin him down to any thing." " How old is he ?" asked the sheriff; for like all half-witted people Artey bore in his face the expression of perpetual youth. " I don' no," replied Denby, " I reckon he's old enough to vote," chuckling at his own wit. The two men separated, with an in junction from the sheriff to Denby to re member his instructions in regard to Joseph Farrell's grave. "They say," continued the grave digger, for being a lonely man he was given to audible soliloquy, " that grass won't grow on a murdered man's grave; but I'll keep that poor devil's grave green, ef I have to paint it." *....* The days flowed on, as though no great crime had stained the peaceful annals of Brinkwater, and men and women had long since resumed their cus tomary vocations. Upon the great house, towering above its neighbors, men looked with saddened hearts, as one looks upon the charred and blackened ruins of a conflagration. Its smokeless chimneys, its closed doors, the silence and sense of desolation that hung about it, the awful crime committed under its roof, made of what had been the pride and glory of the village, its terror, and reproach. When the white radiance of the full moon smote its windows, the villagers fancied they saw lights moving within, and the story that the house was haunted grew and took firm root in the minds of the superstitious rustics. Be lated children, in search of a truant cow, whistled loudly, and flew with fearful steps past the solitary house; the home ward bound lover, forgetful of the lapse of time, quickened his pace, as the clock struck twelve, afraid to look behind him less he'd see a horrid specter; and even in broad daylight men and women shud dered aud turned aside as they neared the dreadful spot. The Sunday congre gation, long lingering after service among the church-yard graves, discussed the murder sitting on the tombs. ''I told ye so," said Betsey Briggs, voicing the whole crew of village female prophets, " pride alius goes afore a fall, as I've lived long enough to know. Not but as there's plenty o' folks older 'n me," remembering jier estate of spinsterhood, whose dale was uncertain and indefinite, " and I knew Agnes Farrell's day would come, but I didn't expect it would come in such an awful manner; its amazin' to think of folks that never knowed work, or want; that rode in the kerridges, and wore their silks and satins and gewgaws, gom' to jail, and bein' tried for murder." " I should think Andrew Farrell would raise up in his grave-clothes and bear witness agin' her," said Jim Denby, whose figures of speech were colored by his pro fession of grave-digger. "There's no need of any more wit nessin'," answered Betsey Driggs ; " it's done, and we all know who did it, and what it was done fer." "The old man druv the fust nail into Joseph Farrell's coffin, when he made that air will, came from Bill Baylis, the village joiner. " Well, he's got to do the sufferin' for it," said David Fry, the local preacher, and a firm believer in future, endless punishment. " I'd ruther take his chances, than his widder's, when you're countin' on suf ferin', David. She's got to suffer, but there'll be a way fer Ernest Farrell out of it; that lad '11 never hang for murder." " You're sittin* up for prosecutor, jedge and jury all in one, Denby; I don't know's the Lord's enlightened you mor'n the rest of us. I wouldn't go thet far afore the triaL Emest Farrell's spunky enough, when his blood's up, and they do say there was ah awful sight of provoke." " See here, David Fry, broke in the grave-digger, yer a-talkin' as if young Farrell, that never done any harm in his life, was a dipped and dyed sinner, sich things have to grow, they don't come to hand ready-made. _ " Thet's jist. where you're mistakin' Jim; they do come ready-made," ex claimed Fry eagerly, who was a believer in the doctrine of original sin, and never let an opportunity pass to give his testi mony to the truth. " Well, you're not a-goin' to git me into no argyment," said Denby, who knew his antagonist of old, as he slipped from the tombstone, and dusted the seat of his pantaloons. The grave-digger moved off in the direction of Joseph Farrell's new made grave, of which he had charge. He walked around the mound of earth, pressing the clayey soil with his stout boots. This was the first murdered man's grave Denby had ever dug; he had a sort of professional pride in the fact; it connected him with the impor tant event in a perfectly respectable way and increased his consequence in his own eyes and those of the villagers. He looked about him and found the church yard dsserted: no one now remained but the idiot son of Martha Blunt, who was playing among the graves and blow ing thistle-down, which be pursued with the most childish delight; as he ran he fell sprawling at the feet of the grave digger, " Mind what you are about, Artey 1" cried Dertby; you'd better git up and go home." " Is this your home ?" the boy asked, peering into Denby's face, as he lay on the grass. " In a manner it is ; I take keer o' these here graves, and I want no foolin' around 'em, either." . The boy drew forth a small whistle and blew a shrill blast " None o' yer Gabriel trumptin' round here, or Til take that whistle from ye," said the grave-digger, making a dive, as though he would snatch the bauble. The idiot sprang to his feet, and ran away and was soon blowing a defiant challenge at a safe distance from capture. " He 11 die in his bed, at a good old age," sighed the grave-digger, " while them as hes their wits, and an excuse for livin', 'iU be cut off like him," with amo tion of his head in the direction of the new-made grave. As Betsey Driggs had said, "There was nothing more to be done fur Joseph Farrell^ And it would a been com fort in' to him it he could a been present at his own funeral to know what a han'some corpse, lie made." " The whole village had turned out to the funeral: the officiating clergyman had warned his flock against the love of . riches which eat into the soul like rust; the village schuolmaster " had pointed a moral," with the example of young Farrell's crime, and foolish mothers now began-so soon do mortals pass from the familiar to the monstrous-to frighten naughty children with the headless ghost of Joseph Farrell. 