SOTES 01 THE ffEtt The Metropolitan Board of Works is to be congratulated for several reasons on the sac- cess of its local loan flotation. It wanted to borrow for sewerage construction, in Loudon, but London capitalists cold-shouldered hs loan proposals. It has asked for half a million in Melbourne, and has received without delay ot hesitation offers of doable that amount, and has disposed of four-fifths of its debentures at a premium. The result was to send stocks up with a hound on the Melbourne Exchange, and the rise has been maintained. Public con fidence, which had ebbed disastrously low dur ing the weeks of panic, began to flow fioodwards, when it was seen that there was not only plenty of free money in the country, hut people with faith in it, and in the stability and expansive power of its resources. But u the tension of financial distrust was locally re laxed, what most not have been the effect it London? The British capitalist has, of late, buttoned np his pockets with uncompromising and unhesitating tightness whenever a colonial loan has been mooted. He had heard so much of panic in Melbourne, financial depres sion, unemployed troubles, and incendiary labour leaders throughout Australia? that he had almost arrived at the concluaou that we were an insolvent community could not meet oar engagements, an might possibly try ere long to repudiate out liabilities. All this stuff is rank nonsense ; ba the bitterness of "Victorian complaints abou " depression" in sequence to " booms," lent an air of qoasi-credibiUty to the financial hbete on the colony which found free currency h10" don. We have shown the British capital now that Victoria does not seek to borrow a England because she has no money of her own and cannot get credit from her own but simply because money is ceaer. England than in Australia, where private bor rowers give a far higher rate of interest w> can be obtained in the mother %ountry, lenders expect to receive more. if oar own people can afford to r08 a 5 per cent, quasi - municipal I" with a par minimum, English investors oaf Well have full faith in the soundness of oolony, and take up without hesitation Government debentures offered at 4 per With Consols bearing interest at 2f only with a reduction to 2| imminent, P60? England who have money to invest, once vinced that the rumoured " insolvency of tralia" is a myth, will speedily come to senses about Victorian loans, and discarding dear intervention of stock-jobbing take a "good thing" when it is next them without hesitation. The success of w? j local loan will a jm mi moral eff®® England, greater eyen thanlhat whichithaa exercised in Melbourne ; and, inadd|tion lo this, wehavethe gratification of knowing that the Metropolitan BoardofWorks has now funds in hand wherewith to commence the long-de layed work of sanitarily regenerating Mel bourne, and also to find work for willing hands t a juncture when work is moot needed. Pee Hallway Committee, after 18 months of busy life, is about to give up the ghost and ixpire with the dying Parliament. As an issential preliminary to decease, it has made its last will and testament, which takes the form of a final report and series of recommendations to Parliament. It is unnecessary at this stage to recapitulate the labours of the committee, reckon up the miles it has travelled, the num ber of days it has sat, or enumerate the cloud of witnesses it has examined. All these things will be duly set forth and chronicled in a Par liamentary blue-hook for the enlightenment of all who have leisure and innlin»tmn to read therein. It will suffice for the present to say that the committee worked energetically, honestly, and zealously, and has done the State some service. Its final recom mendations, however, will disappoint not a few people. The number and the mileage of lines which Parliament is advised to construct is comparatively small, and, of course, the selec tion for priority of construction will dissatify districts whose railway claims are not thus recognised. But such dissatisfaction was in evitable. The only course calculated to please I majority of the districts interested would have been to recommend a majority of the lines submitted to the committee for report. This could not hp done for obvious reasons. In the first place, the committee could not get through the whole work in thorough and satisfactory fashion ; and, in the second place, had it been able to do so, the funds, present and prospective, at tbe com mand of the Government would not have justified them in undertaking any extensive constructive operations. ' ; First catch your hare " is a sound maxim, and before Victoria resolves on spinning extensively outward her railway web, she must have either in possession or in comparatively certain prospect the finan cial wherewithal. We must evidently wait some time before a railway loan can be successfully floated in London, for even our Treasury bills proposals were coldly regarded there ; but the tone of the London money market is certainly improving, and we may ere long be able at all events to place the second million's worth of Treasury bills on better terms than the first. But, even then, there will be little margin of ready money for railway construction, and we reluctantly come to the conclusion that slow going must for some time to come be the order of the day. Hence in recommending only a few lines for construction the Railways Com mittee have adapted themselves to inexorable circumstances, and the rest must be left to their successors, who will he appointed by the new Parliament, and to the better times that are coming. On an- Dther point we must commend the com mittee, and that is on the disfavour it has shown towards the land-grant system. Victoria is territorially a small colony, and cannot word to give away her territory by the armful to syndicates of foreign laud- jobbers, who irould profit enormously by undertakings which should he State property, constructed and run in the interests of the community. The land betterment principle, sound as it is in theory, is one difficult of equitable application, and we are not surprised that the committee has not felt equal to definite and conclusive dealing with it. It is a question which must be thoroughly thrashed out, and most carefully sifted in Parliament, before a satisfactory settlement of its difficulties can be hoped for. The days of the disastrous " panic boom" are numbered; they have lasted far too long already ; common sense seemed to have lost its hold upon the people at large, and rabid runs compelled perfectly solvent financial institutions to suspend operations in self-defence. The latest, and we believe the last, development in this direction was at Ballarat, where on Monday a local institution with the most solid and valuable of assets closed its doors, wisely pr the reverse remains to be seen, though local feeling leans strongly to the latter opinion. One thing is certain, viz., that the suspension of the Ballarat Banking Company intensified and increased the feeling of financial distrust, as was evidenced immediately by an idiotic run on the local branch of the Savings Bank. But, as before re marked, the brake has now been put hard down on the deposit-rushing panic. In the first place the big banks have pat a potent spoke in the runaway wheel. They have first resolved to stand by ©ne another in the event of a run setting in on any one of their number ; and secondly, they have, with an in telligent appreciation of their own interests, resolved to alleviate the business depression and relax the financial tension by giving credit lo depositors in suspsnded institutions on the security of the money which cannot he low paid out to them, hut about the ulti mate payment of yrhich there is no room Tor doubt. In every case in which a bank br i building society has suspended payment in Melbourne (except, perhaps, two on which gross irauds have been perpetrated and are now being expiated in gaol), the depositors' money 8 perfectly secure, though the shareholders nay suffer a good deal in the process of iquidation. And this being so, tbe Associated Banks run no riBks in doing that which they propose to do, while at the same time largely benefiting the public, and greatly increasing their own profitable business. This move is knock down Ho. 1 to the panic. The second facer is the scheme which Mr. Robert Harper has proposed for setting fairly on its business legs again the Australian Deposit and Mortgage Bank. The scheme, enthusiastically adopted last week by the shareholders, and mmediately thereafter accepted by a meeting of depositors, with but one dissentient, is ap- plicable to ofthekinawhich axe in tbe sanm position.7 :i£|b; ystoptyihfe: Instead of depositors andqhareholders waiting longand weardyfor the.4edious and ctostiy process of Uqindationrio -give them their re spective dues,they can cob jointly take over the whole business from the liquidators and carry it on, with , tbe added capital which the deposits represent A new company is formed under the old name, the depositors -taking 14 preferred '' shares, upon which interest at 5 per cent, is guaranteed, for their money; the present shareholders accept ordinary shares in thenew company ; the uncalled capital is takpn up in new shares by them liable on easy terms, and the existing reserve fond goes to the credit of the new company No scheme more admirably calculated to conserve alike the interests of shareholders and depositors could be devised.-' It does away with the losses of liquidation, gives depositors interest at once, and a negotiable security for their money forthwith, and at the same time saves share holders from useless sacrifice under the wheels of the panic Juggernaut. The public were dissatisfied, and not without reason, at the lenience of the sentence passed on G. N. Taylor, the fraudulent manager who brought the bank of which he was the trusted and responsible chief officer to ignominious ruin. Two years' imprisonment was the sentence, and the judge very properly indicated that in inflicting this penalty he was not punishing Taylor for his general misdeeds, but for the specific crime of making away with two promissory notes, which were very possibly of no realisable valne whatever. It rested with the Crown to initiate further proceedings against Taylor, and the Grown made no sign for some considerable time ; but at last a move ment is perceptible, and we shall hear more of Mr. Taylor's doings in the courts. The South Melbourne Building Society prosecutions, in which most flagrant breach of trust was combined with really stupendous dishonesty, at first miscarried. A jury could not come to an agreement on the charge of conspiracy brought against the defaulting manager, Larkin, and his clerk, Cleary. A special jury, however, has since rectified this blunder, and the worthy pair have been convicted. The most extraordinary feature of the trial, however, was the air of injured innocence which the culprits assumed in the dock and in their addresses to the jury, iouowea. py appeals to tne judge cnaracteneed bythe moet consummate " cheek." Larkin, the man who has ruined hundreds of poor but thrifty families, whose life-savings were entrusted to his care, who revelled in luxury on their earnings, and squandered the substance which they had toiled hard and lived scantily to acquire— this man was Impudent enough to ask for a short sentence, in order that he might be enabled " to yet make his mark in another country." What sort of a mark he might make elsewhere we can only conjecture from that which he has left "behind him in South Melbourne — the mark of ruin. The sort of mark that suits such men best is the one he wears now on a felon's suit of grey— the prison mark; and though he has been condemned to wear it for six years only, there are other and heavier scores for which he may still be called to account. As to Cleary, Laxkin's subordinate in fraudulent conspiracy, his appeal ' to the judge was perhaps even more impudent than Larkin's. He postured as, and apparently succeeded in de luding himself into the belief that he was, a martyr to the straitness of legal technicality and the inability of the law to distinguish between " sharp practice 5 ' and fraud. He expressed no sorrow for his crime, and appeared to think that it would be a great loss to society in general if the possessor of such brilliant talents as his were sequestered fiom the world for a few years within stone walls. He calls his crime "a comparatively trifling departure from the paths of straight dealing," and is disgusted and astonished beyond measure to find that this " trifling departure" entails upon him four years of penal servitude. He will know better, we presume, when he " comes out," a sadder, a wiser, and, let us hope, an honester man. His fate, at all events, will serve one one useful purpose — it will warn " brilliant" young men of his stamp of the risks of " com paratively trifling departures from the path of straight dealing. " The warning, we regret to believe, is not unneeded. The topic of the hour par excellence is the ar rival of Swanston-Williams-Deeming-Lawson, etc., per mail steamer froin Western Aus tralia. We have had many distinguished visitors to Melbourne, but never before one whose comiug has stirred to such depths the feelings of our people as does the advent of this man of many aliases, the putative perpetrator of the Windsor and Rainhill atrocities. What sort of welcome the man Deeming would have received were popular feeling per mitted an opportunity of demonstrating its strength and depth is difficult to estimate; but the authorities judiciously decided to do all that was possible to introduce the prisoner to a Victorian gaol as quietly and secretly as possible, and they succeeded admirably. We know that Deeming had to run the gauntlet of excited public feeling on his journey from Perth to Albany, and that small as must have been the West Australian country "crowds," their demonstrations were sufficient to frighten him into fits and faints. Certainly, no one desired that the prisoner should die, either of fright or by suicide, before be can he brought fairly and fully to account by the law. The general anxiety was lest by any hook or crook he should slip away from his impending doom. The care lessness which was displayed in guarding him at Albany was almost criminal. With the same piece of glass with which he removed his mous tache, the mad might easily have severed his carotid artery, and cheated the hangman by suicide. Many a criminal has eluded justice on shipboard by a sudden plunge into the deep ; but after the Albany warning, there was no ; fear of such a termination, of Deeming's career. He waVaSBd ' tbq eU»eiy and carefully on the mail steamer for that.. The Ballaarat reached Melbourne on Friday morning with the prisoner alive, and was landed without any of the expectant spectacle-hunters casting eyes upon him." It : was a judicious ruse which the police adopted ; for though no rational man could anticipate any lynoh-Iaw demonstrations by the Mel bourne public, had the hoar mid point of the prisoner's arrival been known, the rush to oast eyes upon the " criminal of the centaiy' would have been such as to overtask, the police power of Melbourne to check, and to endanger the limbs and lives of the vast mass of excited spectators. Qseenslahd has opened her/. Parliamentary campaign this year juBt as Victoria and New Soath Wales are closing theirs, and judging by the programme which Sir Samuel Griffith has presented to it, the session will he a lively ne. Never before, in fact, has such a political bill of fare been presented to a Queensland Parliament. Sir Samuel proposes to take a bold plunge, and discount the territorial future of the colony by land-grant railways. "There is much more to he said in favour of this expedient in Queensland than can possibly be urged for it in Victoria. The area of the colony is vast, its population small, end its means of borrowing restricted. Railways are an absolute essential 'to the develop ment of tbe country, and it cannot afford to pay for them in cash. It mast either do without, or pay in land, and Sir Samuel has elected the latter alternative. Next comes the proposal to revive the Polynesian labour trade, under careful restriction, and boom the sugar- planting industry by coolie labour. Sir Samuel's change of front on this question is difficult to understand; for he was the prime agent in abolishing the half-disguised slave trade which he now proposes to re- establish, and, moreover, at the present juncture, the unemployed trouble is more acute and more extensive in Queens- laud than in any other Australian colony. It remains to he Been firstly how he can justify the importation of labour at such a time, and, secondly, what means he proposes to adopt for the legitimate and honest conduct of the labour traffic. Then again there is another industrially important proposal which needs elucidation — the imposi tion of a stock-tax for the purpose of providing meat export bonuses. But, besides all this, there are two measures of the intensest political importance to be brought forward, the one pro viding for the division of Queensland into three separate provinces, each with a local Legisla ture, and with a central Government over all, and the other submitting to the Parliament of Queensland the Sydney Convention scheme of Australian federation. Truly Sir Samuel his undertaken a large contract, and he will be very lucky or very skilful if he succeeds in carrying one-half a policy pregnant with in dustrial and political changes. Lokd Sheffield's team has left Australia with something better than an nnbroken record of defeat in international, cricket. The Ade laide match gave them one win out of the three test meetings with the pick of Australia, and Australia, it may be cheerfully said, does not, under the circumstances, sorely begrudge - the late retrieval ef English cricketing laurels. When the team arrived, with the reputation of being " the best eleven that ever left England," the hopes of Australian cricketers were not high; they sank lower when the Englishmen practi cally " walked " in winners in the South Australian match ; they sank lower still when Victoria was vanquished easily ; but they rose with a sadden rebound when in tbe first match in Melbourne of Aus tralia against England, the latter, though ahead in the first innings, was beaten in the final. Weather and a worn wicket had some thing to do with this victory, and the English men were still slightly the favourites when the second test match was played at Sydney. They started off splendidly in that event, and on the first innings score it seemed to be "all Lombard street to a China orange " upon tbem ; but tbe stubborn stonewalling of Bannerman, and the brilliant piay of Lyons in the second innings, retrieved tbe lost Australian ground; then came rain, and the collapse of the English men, with a second and most unexpected vic tory. With two wins out of three test matches to be played, the Adelaide meeting of the teams did not matter very much to Australia — she had already a majority to credit; but it mattered very much to the Englishmen, who, if beaten again, would be almost1 disgraced. This time the weather was in their favour. They won the toss, and on a perfect wicket played with remarkable brilliance and success. Had' not tbe weather changed for the worse towards the end of the match, they would have topped the fifth century of the score. As it was they fell one short of that grand total. Then the rain swooped down in earnest, and the Austalians, on a wet and practically un playable wicket, had to face the best howling talent of England. They suc cumbed for 100, had to submit to an igno minious follow-on, and finished np 230 runs and ah innings to the bad. The match was lost on the weather ; it might easily have been lost on straight-out play, considering the score the Englishmen made ; but as it was meteorological conditions rendered the contest utterly impos sible as a teBt. Lord Sheffield will, it is be lieved, bring another English Eleven out next, year. If so we can only hope that Australia will hold her own as stoutly against it as Bhe has done against Dr. Grace's departed eleven. Mri. Methven, M.L.A., Wednesday, waited upon the Minister of Public Works with a deputation from the Northcote Borough Council, who asked for a special grant to assist in continuing the construction of the main, drain. The work was estimated to cost £800, and the deputation asked for half the amount as a Government contribution. Mr. Graham said he wonld consider an application if submitted in writing and accompanied by full particulars 