ECHOES FROM THE OLD WORLD: (BY GEORGE AUGUSTUS SALA.) [WRITTEN EXPRESSLY FOR THE ILLUSTBATED SYDNEY NEWS.] . IT would be, of course, in the highest degree reprehensible to offer,' at this stage of the case, any kind of opinion as to the actual, cause of the death of the poor little girl of three who, for some infantile offence, was locked up by her mother in- a ' wardrobe ' 6ft. square, without fire-place or window, and ventilated only by a chink at the bottom of the door ; but I have read and re-read with exceptionally painful interest the report of the coroner's inquest, because it happens that I have had some personal experience of the dark closet discipline. * I was a nervous, hysterical child, full of ail- ments, knowing too much for my age-since, during two years of blindness, a dear sister used continually to read to me, not only the Bible and the fairy tales, but also the newspapers and magazines-and when, under the care of a kind homoeopathic physician, I recovered some modicum of vision, and they began to talk of sending me to school, I entreated piteously that I might not be placed in any establishment where the boys were beaten. I had an absolute horror of the idea of the rod, and in the days of. my nonage, scholastic discipline in England was simply ferocious. So when I was eleven years old I was despatched to a college in Paris where, as I was soothingly assured, no kind of corporal punishment was permitted. Nor was there, only we had cachot, a black hole, or underground dungeon, in which delinquent boys were confined for periods ranging between six and twenty-four hours. But the solitary inmate of the cachot was not tied to a ring in the wall. * * * Being fond of my book, 1 very rarely incurred the penalty of the dark dungeon, nor, on the whole, did I mind it much. I knew what it was to be in the dark, and besides, I have always had the blessed faculty of going to sleep, almost at will; and the college authorities kindly allowed their captives a mattress to lie upon. But I have seen boys brought out of that cachot in a cataleptic condition-in a half idiotic state, foaming at the mouth, shrieking, praying, cursing, and in some instances with their hands and faces all bleeding from their having clawed themselves in their intolerable mental agony and despair. % It is absolutely impossible to dogmatise on the black hole question. I remember Watts Phillipa telling me that he and Mr. Labouchere once paid a visit to Newgate. The present senior member for Northampton said that he should like to spend twenty minutes alone in the dark cell, and hie request was complied with. It was not quite an unusual one ; only, as a rule, when the amateui has been about five minutes in the dungeon he begins to batter at the door and clamour to be liberated. But the twenty minutes passed away, and Mr. Labouchere made no sign. Worthy Mr Jonas, the governor, caused the door to be opened, and the honourable gentleman was dis covered in a state of smiling equanimity, smoking a cigarette. It was the third, he added, that he had despatched since his incarceration. ?* * * * But the child immured against its will--tin timid child that ' dreads the dark/ even as th< 5 most pious people-Dr. Johnson, for instance dread death. How is that small creature to bi dealt with, when, as Jeremy Taylor puts it, 'littli angers ' ruffle it ? The wise and good John Locke in his ' Treatise on Education,' mentions with ap proval the case of a lady of his acquaintance wh< gave her little daughter, just come home fron school, eight whippings in the course of one da; before the child's obstinacy could be subdued What would the British public, what would th Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Childrei what would the Child's Guardian, what would th stipendiary magistrates think of a mother in th present year of grace-of a mother who deal with her rebellious offspring in the manner com mended by John Locke, who, by the way, was strenuous opponent of scholastic severity. * * # I cannot help fancying that Mr. Oscar Wilde' r Lady Windermere's Fan ' must be a very goo play j so unmercifully has it been either abused o jeered at in the London papers which have come under my notice. I have nothing/ however-and thank goodness !-to do with dramatic criticism. It is only the incident of Mr. Oscar Wilde, when called for at the conclusion of the piece, making his appearance behind the footlights with a still smouldering cigarette ' between the fingers of his daintily-gloved hand.' Bravo, Mr. Wilde ! In- spector Bucket, in . Bleak House/ "told us why they killed the pig, but the self confident porker in question was quite shame-faced in comparison with the gifted author of ' Lady Windermere's Fan.' * ? * Somebody should write a magazine article on * The Use of Tobacco on the Stage/ The wits and beaus of Sidney and Raleigh's time used to sit on stools on the rush-strewn boards of the Globe and the Fortune, and delicately 'blow their clouds' of Virginia while the plays of Shakespeare and Ben Jonson were being performed. In modern times, the admirable John Pritt Harley, when he played Lord Giggle in Fielding's 'Tom Thumb the Great/ always, in the dying scene, used to drag his half-prostrate form to the footlights and politely request the leader of the orchestra to hand up his snuff-box, and after inhaling a pinch or two, he would give up the ghost with a sneeze, a snort, and a kick, which Mr. Lionel Brough might envy. In small country theatres I have heard of the First Gravedigger in 'Hamlet' smoking a short pipe, and Bottom the Weaver a long one. V The first cigar that I can remember to have seen smoked on the stage was by Alfred Wigan in ' Still Waters Run Deep.' The innovation wae regarded as a very daring one. Hitherto smok- ing on ti e stage had been only a make- believe, Tony Lumpkin and his companions had merely pretended to puff their yards of clay in the ale- house scene in 'She Stoops to Conquer.' Since Wigan's time, the cigar and the cigarette as adjuncts to the 'business' of a play have beer rather overdone than otherwise, and now th« climax of the practice has been reached by Mr Wilde with his papelito. As an inveterate smokei of more than forty years' standing, I am mosi strongly of opinion that all smoking in a theatre both before and behind the curtain, should b< rigidly prohibited. The practice is dangerous t< begin with, and it is offensive to the ladies. A man does not deserve the name of a disciple o: Nicot-good old Dr. Nicot !-who cannot abstaii for two or three hours from the weed whicl cheers him in poverty and solaces him in sorrow which allays the fury of anger, and assuages th< bitterness of disappointment ; which tempers th« wintry wind of man's ingratitude, and blunts th tooth of benefits forgot. * . * Mr. James Francis Oswald has published, perceive, a work on 'Contempt of Court, Com mittal, Attachment, and Arrest on Civil Process It is high time that what is called 'contempt c court' should be regulated, defined, and limited b; Act of Parliament. It is so defined and limited ii France. In May, 1870,1 was present at the Hig: Court of Justice, Tours, at the trial of Prine Pierre Bonapa» te, for killing a journalist name Victor Noir. In the course of the proceedings 39 de Fonvielle, one of the witnesses, made tremendous disturbance ; shrieked ' A mort ! mort ! ' shook his fist in the President's face, an otherwise misbehaved himself. He was straight way collared by the gendarmes and brought ' a pied de la cour,' and then the President, afte reading him a long lecture, sentenced him, fe his outrageous contempt of court, to a week imprisonment. *** What would have been the fate of M. de Foi vielle had he similarly misbehaved himself at tl High Courts of Justice, Strand, W.C. ? Tl presiding Judge would have swiftly made up tl offender's mittimus for Holloway Gaol, where 1 would remain till he had ' purged himself of h contempt '-a sufficiently indefinite perio Three generations since the indefinite peri< meant practically the Greek Kalends. Rei the episode of the Chancery'Prisoner in'Pic! wick.* There is a more distressing story of contempt of court-a fact, not a fiction-which, oddly enough, is not told in Twiss's 'Life of Lord Eldon/ . The great Doubting Chancellor once had before him a case in which a gentleman from the. Sister Isle had run away with an heiress, who was a ward in Chancery. # * ? * This gentleman the Chancellor had occasion to stigmatise as 'an Irish fortune- hunter/ and the defendant had the inconceivable folly to retort that, at all events, he was not the son of a ' New- castle coal-heaver/ Straightway he was com- mitted, for contempt of court, to the Fleet prison, ' and there he languished fer more than five and twenty years/ I am not at all sure that he did not die there. No English judge at the present day would wish, or, wishing, would dare to be guilty of such an act of barbarity as that com- mitted by Lord Eldon ; but the power of committal for 'an indefinite period' is still part of the judicial attributes. It is a purely aoristical power. It has no boundaries, and it ought to be limited by the Legislature. * * * The wicked wags of Koine will not leave * Il Pontifice Booth ' alone. A night or two since 1 went to a ' Veglione/ or Carnival masked ball, at the Costanzi Theatre. In the foyer there wat arranged a large number of caricature portraits in the Vanity Fair style, of celebrities of the day and among these I was quite shocked to find t grotesque presentment of the revered * General, with a huge wine cask for a body, a long whit< beard, a very red nose, a cocked hat and feathers sky-blue breeches, top-boots and spurs. He wai attended by a staff of big bottles on legs,' typifying Chianti, Asti, Barolo, Capri, Genzano, and othe: Italian wines. I wholly failed, at first, to see th« humour of this libellous lampoon on an individua who is as ardent an advocate of total abstinenci as George Cruickshank was ; but soon I recollects that in Italian a wine cask is called a 'botta/ i word which the Roman caricaturist had mad« convertible for ' Booth/ * * * The revelations as to the inner life of journalisn made at the recent trial of 'Lowe v. Walter' an scarcely calculated to make professional journal ists- especially if they happen to be correspond ents in foreign capitals of English daily papers very comfortable. The law or custom of notice giving to correspondents does not concern me. I any editor wishes to get rid of me he would onl; have to say so, and I would go swift and straigh as an arrow from a Tartar's bow. On the othe hand, I experienced a feeling akin to consterna tion when I read in the evidence of Mr. Moberle; Bell, an assistant manager of the Times, a follows :-' A man became useless at a place af te a certain time. He became useless at Cairo/ * » '? * ' There was something of dignity and somethin pathetic in this admission on Mr. Moberley Bell part. One was reminded of tue story of the littl ballet-girl who complained to manager EHisto that she had been hissed. 'They have hisse MB/ calmly replied the grandiloquent manage of Old Drury. But fancy a special corresponder of the Times becoming ' useless.' Well, in m time I have been 'useless' for a while at Moscov at New York, at Berlin, at Constantinople, c Borne, at Madrid, at Algiers, at Metz, at Pari and in other cities too numerous to mention, on! I have generally been found to be capable < being useful somewhere else. The proprietors < great newspapers do not, as a rule, treat the foreign correspondents as though they were pap« collars to be flung into the dusthole after thc had served their employers' turn. How mat years was the late Mr. Frederick Hardman foreign correspondent of the Times ? More the five-and-twenty, I should say. And the st: living Mr. Antonio Gallenga ? And the late M Crawford, of the Daily News ? * * * . There died lately at sunny Capri an estimai lady, the Dowager Lady Grantley, whose nar brings back deeply interesting memories famous people long since departed. Thedeceas peeress was in youth a beautiful Italian contàdit who married the son of the Hon. Caroline Norton one of the daughters of ' Tom ' Sheridan, and a granddaughter of the illustrious Richard Brins- ley Sheridan. Mrs. Norton-the author of ' The Undying One'-was an intimate friend of my mother, and I rémember her coming, in all the pride of her rare loveliness, to our house in Cannon Place, Brighton, more than fifty years ago. I can see her wonderful eyes now, and hear the rich, deep voice of her brother, Frank Sheridan, who went out to the Mauritius as Treasurer, I think, and died there. The oddest thing about sunny Capri is that, they seem to grow a race of contadine there who are all comely and attractive, and good, and who habitually wed members of the English upper classes. I hear of quite a little colony of British 'swells' who are the happy Benedicks of Capri Beatrices. Do you remember the plump, bonny, vivacious, little ' Vierlandischermadchens/ who, in their picturesque costumes, used to sell bou- quets and playbills outside the Great Theatre, at Hamburg P Do they continue to ply their harm- less vocation-I have not set eyes on the Akter Bassin since 1856-or has William the Pious put them down? In any case the legend was that these hard- working, ' buy-a-broom ' looking maidens were all as good as gold, and that when they had accumulated a certain pecunium they went back to their own land and married, not British 'swells/ but well-to-do native farmers. We hear a great deal about hereditary vice; but it is far pleasanter to know of instances of here- ditary virtue. * * * 