STORY PACE. A LIFE FOR A LOVE A Story of To-day. JSy I-. T. .uthor of "Scamp and I," " Castlo Mary," i "Beforohmid," " Duddy'a Boy," &c.; All Queensland Rianis Resebved." GnArTER XLY. — Continued) , ' To many — to love—and then to lose,' 'dreamily murmured Mrs. "Wyndham. ' To love, and t..cn to lose. Esther, it is a dreadful thing to bo a widow when you »re young.' 'But the widow can become a wifo again,' suddenly replied Esther. The words seemed forced from her lips, she was sorry, the moment she bad uttered them.. Mrs.' "Wyndham opened her big oyes wide. ' I suppose the widows who can become wives again have not lost much,' she re sponded in a cold voioe. , Then she moved over to the bedsido and began to undress. A few momeute later Esther left her. She felt puzzled, perplexed, unhappy. . She had no key to tho thoughts which were passing in her mistress's mind. Her impression was that Valentine loved Carr, but felt a certain shame at the fact. ' The next ovening the Vicar of St. Jude's called again. He came hurriedly to tho door, run up tho stairs without being shown the wuy, and entered Valen tine's presence with a brisk stop. Esther leant over the bannisters to watch him as he' entered tho drawing-room. It was half-past 9 when he arrived ; he had boon conducting a prayer-meeting and was later than usual. The drawing-room door was shut on the two, and Esther who had been sitting with tho child, now crept softly down stairs and entered a small bedroom at the . hack of the drawing-room. TMb bedroom also looked on the street. It was the room occupied by Lilias when she visited her sister-in-law. Esther closed tho door softly behind her. The room was dark. She went up to the window, and looked ,eagerly up and down the gaily-lighted : street. She could distinguish no words, hut the soft murmur of voices came to hor through the drawing-room wall. You are bettor to-night?' said Carr, in a cheery, confident tone ; ' although ,you took it upon yourself to disobey me.' ' I could not go to tho prayer meeting. ;I could not.' i '"Well, well, you mustnot asyou think best ; only I don't think staying at home )is the best thing for you.' , ' Oh, I Bhan't get over nervous ; and rliilias is coming to mo next week.' | Can's eyos brightened. k' That is good,' ho said. ' Well, I ( ust not stay. I just looked in for a I knew you would not lot 1 these superstitious fears get the better of you. Good night.' : He held out his hand. Valentine put iter's behiad her. ' Ho,' Bhe said ; ' you always stay until ipast 10. It was at ;10 o'olook last night ' ' Sho trembled — more words would Mot come. And I will stay until past 10 to- fiight,' responded Carr, resuming his seat. ' Now, don't look st the clook. Turn your thoughts to mo and my affairs. Bo Miss Wyndham comes here next reek?' ' She doos.' Shall I put everything to the test, £hen?' i Valentine's faoe grew bright. ' Oh, how earnestly I wish you would,' fche cried, clasping her hands. 'Do you, indeed? Then you must think there is some ohanco for me. The fact is, Mrs. Wyndham, I am the veriest Howard that ever breathed. If I win, I win for ever. I mean that I am made, body, soul, and spirit. If I lose, I think taorally I shall go under, A mainspring will he broken which has kept me going, kept mo right, kept my eyes looking upwards ever Binoe I knew your slstor Lilias.' ' But even if Bhe refuses you, you will live on,' said Valentine in a dreamy voioe. We often have to live on when the mainspring is broken ' We creep instead of running, that is all.' 'Now you are getting gloomy again. lAs your spiritual adviser I cannot permit it. You have put a daring thought into my head, and you arc hound to think of me, not yourself at' present. Will you sing something to mo before I go ? You know Lilias's song of triumph. You taught it to her. Sing it to me.to-night. -It will he a good omen.' Valentine hesitutod for a moment. Then she went overto the pianoand opened it. Hor fingers touched one or two chords tremblingly. Suddenly she . stopped, her face'worked. She looked at Carr with a piteous expression. I oannot sing the triumph song,' she aid( ' it is not in me. I' should do it no justioe. This must take its place. But it is not for you, remember. Oh, no, I pray -God never for you. listen, don't scold me afterwards, listen. Her fingers ran over thekeys, horyoioe welled and filled the room -. > \ Tho murmur of tho mourning ghost, Tlmt koops tlio shadowy kino, Oh, Koith of Ravolatou, i Tho sorrows of Ihy lino J Itavolston, Ravolston, ; The morry path.that loads Down tho golden moaning hill, i And through the silvor meads. \- Ravolston, Ravolston, Tho stile honoath tho treo, Tlio maid that kopt hor mother's kino, The song that sang Bho. ; ; She sang hor song, sho kopfc her kino, , Sho sat beneath tho tuom, ' . . When Andrew Koitli of Ravolston, . . Rode through tho Monday morn. ' His honohmon sing, his hawk bolls ring, : ' . His bolted jewels shino—: , -- : \- , O, Kolfi of Ravolston, I Tho sorrows of thy line I _ 'Now; good night,! said Valentine, springing to her feet. ' Don't question mo about- the Bong, I: s«ng it, -.but I cannot speak of it. . The olook is about to strike. It is your hour for farewell. Oh, yes, I wish you ail luek— all luck. Tho clock is striking- ! Oh, what a noiso there is in the street !' 'What a silehco you mean,' said Carr, as ho took her hand. ' ' It was true. The thunderous rattle of a heavy waggon, the discordant notes of n brass band, the din of a hurdy-gurdy frightfully out of 'tunc, suddenly stopped. It was as if a wave of sound hud been arrested, and iu the quiet floated up the passionate wail of a soul. Thero are no' other words to deBOribe what the sound meant. It had a voioe and an interpre tation. 1 It was beautiful, but its beauty was torture. Trembling iu evory linib, Valentine sprang away from Carr, flow to one of tho French windows, wrested it oponj trad stepped on to the balcony, Sho was in white, and tho people in the street could seo. hor. She pressed to the front of tho balcony and looked eagerly up nnd down. The wailing of the lost soul grow more feeble — more faint. It Btopped. Thero was a pause of half a minute, and then the waggon lumbered on, and the hurdy- gurdy crashed out its discordant notes. ' I saw nothing,' said Carr, who had followed Mrs. Wyndham on to the bal cony, and now led her back to the draw ing room. ' I saw nothing,' he ropeated. 'I mean, I did not see the man who played.' ' But you heard ?' ' Oh, yes, I heard.' ' You could not seo. That was spirit music. My husband played. Don't speak to me ; don't touch mo ; you tried to argue me out of my belief last night, hut even you hoard to-night. My husband has come back in the spirit, and he has played for me, Only he knows that nir — only he in all tho world. That was " Waves." Once I told you tho story of Music waves."' Slie did not faint, she orouohed down by tho fire ; but no faco to he alive could be whiter than hers. ' What is the matter, Mr. Carr ?' she said suddenly. 'Why cannot my hus band's spirit rest ?' They say that those spirits that aro hurried out of life before their time cannot rest. Oh, tell me what you think. Oh, toll me what it means. You hoaid the music yourself to-night.' ' I did. I oertainly hoard it.' ' And at the same hour. When the clock Btruok.' ' That is a mere coincidence, not worth considering.' 'I don't 'bolieve in its being a coinci dence.' She heat licr bauds passionately to gether. ' The thing was planned — ho planned it. He will come ogain to-morrow night when the clook strikes 10. Again sho beat her hands together; then she covered her face with them. to be continued to-mobbow. 