A TALK " WI ] II A DIVER. " I'm not going to tell you about ghosts under water, corpses sitting upright in the state-rooms of steamers, with books on their knees, as if they had been reading when they were drowned, because I haven't seen such. Nor has any other diver. You can't see anything in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such stories he's not a diverexcept that he dive® away from thc truth." " Is there any skill required in the act of diving—I mean getting down to thc object on which you ore to work !" " No. That is to say, no particular skill —only care. You must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if vou did the pressure on you would be too sadden. But the art of going down is easy enough! The dress weighs a diver flown. You see" his shoes weigh twenty pounds each. Then he has on his chest and back weights of forty pounds each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of dui k with a layer of rubber between them. To ihe top part of the dress a collar of copper is affixed, and to this the helmet is firmly screwed after it has been placed over the diver's head. The helmet is large enough to allow a space of three inches around the head, and there are three tubes through which the air reaches the interior of the helmet. Before the diver goes dotvn, a weighted line is sunk to the soot he. 13 to reach below. The life line is tied'arouud his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is jiuuiped into the helmet. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being runout as lie descends. As he 'noves about below, those above must regulars the life line and hose, and should be ready to pull him up as soon as they get the signal—a sharp tug at the iine. Some people fancy there's a rushing sound, or a noise like thunder, made by the air passing from the hose into the helmet. But that's nonsense. l r ou don't hear any sound except the strokes of the pump. "If those above are watchful for any danger signal, and, when they get the signal, haul the diver up promptly, do th&y; usually land him safe and sound?" " Usually not. If a diver's careful about his work, nothing should happen ; but if anything does happen, it is usually all over with him A tug on the line means death, especially if he's down deep. Thedivei doesn't perish because he's cut off too long from the supply of air, bus from the frigh£ ful pressure. Take, for instance, the death of Jenkins, in 1S7S. His hose burst. They hauled him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. I don'tcareto describe his 1 appearance. It was harrowing. I can give yon, from an experience of mine, some idea of the the pressure. I was at work below', when suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the life line. fortunately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive. But I felt while they were hauling me as if I had a hydraulic jack on each side of my head. The hose had not burst, aud the pump had been working all right, so we were at A I033 to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination of the hose. We found a lot of paper balls in it. I don't know any one who is an enemy of mine, so in my case a fool must have put the paper balls in the hose. The kijid of danger I have just dt scribed—that'of the stoppage of air and death from pressure—ia perhaps the greatest, because a diver can't do anything to avoid it. It is the danfrer of accident through circumstances beyond his control. ^ "There is another danger, and a very curious one, too, which, fortunately, however, is not often incurred. The dress of a diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, while his dress is being put on, will sometimes show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into the water the delightful Tcoolness makes you drowsy. Divers actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep but once. I slept at the bottom of a creek soundly for one hour and a half. Now suppose you had a job that you could work at only during one hour of slack water, and on going below you fell asleep, and slept over your time. The tide would come with a rush, your hose and rope would snap, aud that would be the end of vou." —Million. 