Scenes on the Rhine, Julian Hawthorne Writes of Cologne and Bonn. The Most Magnificent Specimen of Gothic Architecture in tie World.-Tfce Muti lation of a Monlt's Corpse and Wlsat Cazae of It. It was quite dark long before we reacheo Cologne, writes Julian Hawthorne; in fact ic was near midnight, and nothing could bt Been &s; WO approached the city but lighie, gradually multiplying. The great cathedral was invisible, but wben we emerged from the ! railway station, behold ! there it rose directly j over our heads, a mighty cliff of carven stone asoending to and losing itself in the darkness of the midnight sky. We gazed and clambered into our wAggons and were driven around the Zulichs I'iaJz (which contains not only the oathedr&l;, but the establish men.s of the various firms which profess to ItLn u °n y genuine cologne water), and ^h ,0®e narrow and cevicus streets to abont a quarter of a mile ®?* After a mouthful of supper there was nothing for the moment as bed, and to bed we went. Our beds were of the familiar Ger man pattern, short and narrow, with a wedge-shaped pillow and a wadded coverlid . but we slept the dreamless Bleep ol erhaual tion. The next moraine we took the train to the university town of Bonn, twenty miles away. As we left Cologne and -got out into the pHin the vast mats of the cathedral, with its twin towers, rose higher and higher above the roofB oi the surrounding city until at length the city sunk altogether cut of Bight and the cathedral alone remained and possessed the horizon. The proportions of this wonderful structure are so perfect that it js impossible, while, in its immediate vicinity, to realise itscDormoas dimensions. They are revealed on'y by distance, but wben they are revealed they almost surpass expectations. It is be yond question the most magnificent efgothic architecture that liie world has sver seen one of the few creations of man that abso lutely satisfy the craven of the human mini for perfection. Bonn is one of the prettiest j of university towris, with long, shady avenues and handsome villas in the outskirts. The college building*- are of the simplest Eic-ijitfc ture. The broad Rbine, of a yellowish green hue, hurries bj on ODB side, and a few miles further up rises the mountain of the Dracbenfela, with its ruined castle on the summit. At tho little church on the hill near Bonn there wab & wide view over a broad and fer tile plain for the roembera of the expedition that visited it. The catbedrel rose like a distant mountain peak on the horizon. The Itbino flowed through the landsc&pe; in a long curve, and along its banks crept three or four regiments of busBars engaged in some drill _ maiicouvres. There were masses of clouds in the sky and shadows and sunshine : flitted across the face of the earth. A fresh westerly breeze was blowing and the at mosphere was exhilarating. We descended in the crypt of the church, where the dead monks lay in ooffina on each pide of the dark and narrow vault. The flesh had dried and shrivelled upon their bones, and their garments had partly crum bled to pieces with age, but the expression and character of each face was preserved and tho sight, strange to say, was not disagree able. The withered faces had an aspeot ot profound peace. Each figure lay with h'i hands folded aoroBS his breast. One ol tbem, however, had died of lockjaw, and his mouth was wide open, giving him a most singular and grotesque appearance. There was also a story connected with this indi vidual. An Englishman with a mania for J relics had broken c£E a thumb from this body' and carried it away, but many years after ward^ ha bad sent it back with the request that it be restored to its proper owner, and additg that misfortune bad pursued him over since he had committed the robbery. The ghost of the outraged monk had given him no refit. So there lies the thumb on the withered breast, and the letter is preeerved in the archives of the church. The amiable little priest who told us the legend smiled at us as be told it with a chiKlibh pleasure in this confirmation of the reality of his re ligion. It was a memorable scene-the dark crypt, lighted only by the lantern in the hands of onr guide, the dusky corpses in their open coffins and tha silent crowd gazing and listening. Returning to Bonn 170 £ot into a liver steamer, under the guidance and by the in vitation of the American Consul at "Cologne, a gentleman who throughout treated us with I the utmost cordiality and attention, and proceeded up the river to the Drachenfela. The ruin of Brachenfels stows the amas ing massivenees with which the old builderr built. Only a fragment of the town remains, rising straight up from the vertioal face ol the precipice for sixty feet, but so true are the lines and so ponderous the workmanship that it may well stand as it is now for an other thousand years. We clambered and rambled over it, and the photographs took our photographs, and wc made very merry in tho old robber stronghold, where the noble robbers themselves had been merry centuries before. Bat the hour came whiJB we most depart, and before long we found ourselves back in Cologne, with the memory of a day on the Ilhine that will never fade away. 