[?] A QD1CT LIFE. A^iGH ARMING STORY: CHAPTER V— {Continued).- : It would have been a hard matter to speak to tho ' bairn ' herself ; nay, how could she? The sweet, serious face was so teu'derly briorht: in these days : the brown eyes were so.full of a new belief and happiness, it seemed as though a new hfo had come to her. How could she cloud it with such a warning ? /'.-Lvcanna do it,' the ?faithful old creature? said ? to; : herself, af ter : many sad tours of pondering. ' I canna do it mysol', so * I' maun e'en speak to the rector.' So it was that, watching her oppor tunity, she came into her master's study one evening, when he was alone, and broached the subject to him, with much faltering and grief. 'She's no a bairn any laager, master,' sho ended; smiling sorrowfully. ' Ganna »ye see that' this bra w young laird has stepped in between us ? ' A strong, sudden pang came upon her master, ;as he listened. Hejbad never dreamed of this before, and here he had awakened from his fancied security to find that his child was his no longer. Child ! Nay; this faithful, ignorapt woman, who had been quicker-sighted than he, for all his lore, had, been right in saying that their bairn had become a woman. ' She is only seventeen,' he said, with a new recurrence of the sudden pain. ' And yet — How blind I have been. . Poor bairn ! Poor little Prue !' When Majory went back, to , her lrifahnn. she heard her master's feet, in his room : above, pacing slowly and heavily to and fro. , She heard them for two long hours, never resting for a moment, only treading backward and forward in dull monotony. When his pretty young . wife lay dead in her chamber, Marjory remembered that she had heard his 'slow feet through the whole of the dreary winter's day, and remembere'd too, how she had hushed the little brown eyed baby closer, to her breast, weeping silent, heavy tears over the sad echo. . Perhaps, as he pondered over the great truth to which he had newly awakened, a sorrowful memory of his child's dead young mother stirred up his heart, and his old sorrow for the lonely life his little helpmeet had led, grew stronger as he thought of the difference a mother's care. ' would have made. WhenrPrue. returned after her absence it was almost dark, and going upstairs, she opened the study door, to find, her father sitting in his chair' by. the dull embers; resting his head upon his hand. Something in his face struck her sadly, and, with a little pang of affectionate self-reproach, she went arid knelt beside him upon the hearth. But it 'was not so easy to talk now as it used to be, and, besides, she felt half sad herself this evening. ? She scarcely knew- why, sometimes such sadness came upon her —half-tenderness, half pain ; but the; time had' not come vet when she could ask herself , its meaning. ? 'I have been to -the church, papa,' sho began to tell him. 'It is getting along beautifully. It will be completed by Christmas, Lord Strathspey says.' ' Was Lord Strathspey with you this evening, Prue ?' he asked, gently. ? She did not look np at him, and the red blood mounted to her cheeks, as she answered softly, playing with her gloves. ' Yes, papa.'' For' his quiet voice had just the thoughtful sadness of his face. He /laid his hand upon her pretty brown hair with a gentle touch — a touch as gentle as her dead mother's could have been, and, at least, as if unconsciously, he drew, her head to its childish resting placo upon his kuee. ' He has been with you very often of late, .has he not?' he questioned. 'Prue,' with tho same sadness in his ' tone, ' is, this grand young laird coming between niy bairn's heart and mine ?' 'Oh, papa !' she faltered. 'Ob, papa !' and broke down into a gush of tender; innocent tears. There was a Ions: silence then, and the poor. child knelt with hidden face, tremulous, .sorrowful, happy. How could he speak, and tell her his sad fears ? How could he crush her fresh young dreams, by telling her that the chances were against her, and that it might be that a realization would never come ; that there was scarcely a hope that a realization would come to a dream so romantic as hers. The warning had come too late. Man, as he was, ho saw that, and, in his great extremity, lie could , only ' stroke the bent; girlish head, with a stronger sense of pain. There was nothing more to be said. The wrong was done already, and, through his very tender ness for her trusting love, he could only hide his doubts, and hopo for the best. Ho tried to talk cheerfully to her dur ing the remainder of the evening ; but it was only the shadow of cheerfulness ; and when he bade her good-night, he held her in his arms for a moment, with a tremor on his square mouth, which was strangely unlike his usual reticent solf-control. ? ' Don't let us forget to trust each other, Prue,' he said, ' Don't let this strange lover make us forget what wo havo beon to each other all our two livps.' When Marjory camc to bring his bed room caudlo to him, he had gone back to Ins placo at tho fire, and was. seated just' as Prue had found him. Sho came to his side, holding tho candle in her hand, and with her usual quaint freedom and sympathy, spoke to him at once. 'Can it be helped, mastor ?' she asked. He raised his head with a faint smile — sucli a mournful ghost of a smile. ' No, Marjory,-'' lie said. ' Our bairn js ours no longer. We were too late.' , (To bo continued.) 