STORY PAGE. now first rubusnm. THROUGH THICK AHO THIN. by CLEMENTINE MONTAGU, i Author of " For Iiovo and Famo," "My "Wife or His," Leonora's Logaoy," &o.;, &o.; Tho Queensland rights of this story hnvo been purchased l>y tho Telegraph Newspaper Company from Cossoll and Company, London and Mel bourne Chapter VI. —(Continued.) Another vehicle, a gig this time, with a smoking, tired horse, was stopping at the gate, and a man whom Marion recognised as tho person she had seen at the Btation ociore they left London sat in it beside the driver. "With a word of apology Sir Paul left her side and went to the gate. There was a short colloquy between him and the stranger — rather an angry one, she thought, and sho caught a few sentences. Sir Paul seemed to ho urging the now comer to do something of which he did not approve, and she dis tinctly heard the words, ' I can do it, and I will, every farthing.' ' What guarantee nave I?' the other said. ' You shall, have all you ask within two hours,' was tho quiet reply. 4 If you will do what I ask you — wait, I hove a condition to mako ; if it is accepted all will be well as far as yon are concerned ; if not ' 4 Well, what if not ?' ' You will have to deal with Mr. Rivers yourself, and seo what he can do. My plan will he the better one I think ; it will mean the money.' 4 I should prefer tho money. If it is not forthcoming, and an acknowledgment along with it, it will be bad for Mr. Rivers, that is all.' Marion heard part of this colloquy — enough to make her very uncomfortable ; that the stranger had some money claim on her father she could have no doubt, and somehow it annoyed her that Sir Paul should be the intervening party. It was always Sir Paul lately— nothing eould be dono without him, anil now he had come here to spoil the peace of their country home, and perhaps take Mr. Rivers back to town. It was a relief to Bee the gig drive away with the visitor ; her father would be spared seeing anyone he did not wish to meet for that night at least. Sir Paul Chesnoy stood looking after the retreating vehicle with a curious ex pression on his face. There was an odd light in his oyeB, as he came back to her . side and spoke to her with the low, soft voice she had begun to hate. 4 Will you drive back to the house with me?' he asked, but she shook her head. 4 I would rather stay out a little while,' she replied; ' papa is expecting you, Sir Paul, and your room is ready, I know. 1 told Heaton to see that there was coffee ready ; hut, I beg your pardon, perhaps you have not dined ?' 4 Thank you, I dined en route. Then you will not come with me ?' 4 I would rather walk, thank you.' Sir Paul stepped into the fly again with an odd smile playing about his mouth. 4 You hate me, little Marion,' he said to himself, 4 and you say you will not marry me. I think you will, lifctlo lady — I think you will !' Mr Rivers met him in the hall with outstretched bands, and drew him into the dining-room ; he soemed quite unable to sneak for a minute. 'Thank heaven you are come,' he gaBped out at length ; 4 you ere here first.' 4 Hardly, wo met at the gate ; he is . waiting the result of our meeting. I have promised him everything, on conditions 4 And can they he fulfilled ?' 4 That restB with you ; as far as I am concerned they can.' Charter VII. — "Won. Marion did not see her father again that night. Ho was closeted with Sir Paul from the moment of his arrival, and sent word by that gentleman that he was busy and could not seo her. 4 Not even, to wish mo good night ?' sho said wonder ing. 4 "What has come to papa ?' 4 Nothing I hope, except that he is very much occupied with the business that brought me here.' 4 Papa never used to let business inter fere with my seeing liim,' she said, -a little troubled by his unexpected ebeok. 4 You bad better take hira at bis word to-night, Miss Rivers,' Sir Paul said, and his tone was very gentle and deferential. 4 1 think he would rather not be dis turbed.' 4 Of course I shall not disturb him,', sho said, a little haughtily. 4 1 will say .good night to you, Sir Paul.1 And with a sweeping how she turned and left tho room without another word. ' Alwnys between papa and me,' she said to herself bitterly, ns sho shut tho dsor of her own room. ' "Whenever there is anything disagreeable, anything that seems to part us if only for a moment, \- Sir Punl Chesnoy is at the bottom of it. I liato lim ! hate him !' she repented, . 4 and papa, poor darling, wants me to marry him, I know ho does. I would not he that mon's wife for the fortune of an empress. I should seo the ghost, of that dead girl every hour of my life.' , She was half inolined to he angry with her. father, too, for letting any business come between her and her nightly ohat with him. Sho was not to know that it . was because he dared not that the banker shut himself from her, because he would not have her read in Mb face the terrible ' struggle that was going on in his heart. He could not have spoken to her without breaking down, and he wanted the night to prepare himself for what he should " have to say to her on the morrow. ' He did not appear at breakfast, but : - - sent a message asking her to attend .to Sir Paul Ghesney, and send bim up a- enp of tea. Shp did it, and strove to he civil at least to the baronet, who was carefully ' attentive, to her, but,, did not make any > special claim on her attention. She w'afl grateful to, liim for not trying to make conversation, for Bhe was filled with a vague apprehension that she could not aocount for, and a dread of something sho could not tell what. After breakfast, to her great delight, Sir Paul announced that ho was going out, and Marion made her way to her father's room, where she had only the morning before found him senseless on tho ground. ' It was the library, but Mr. Hivers liked it better than any room in the house, and, indeed, a pleasanter place in whioh either to transaot . business or wile away an idle hour could hardly be found. It was on' the sheltered side of the house ; the wild Atlantic gales affected it hut little, and trailing oreepers and olimbing roses hung about it is pro fusion. Tho roses were over now, and the autumn was tinting tho creepers with all shades of red, but the sun still shone pleasantly over the pretty garden, nnd there were plenty of flowers left to make a charm ol colour and, fragrance all around. Inside it was lined with books almost from floor to ceiling, for Mr. Rivers had bought them with tho house of tho widow' of the former proprietor, and had let them remain in their old arrangement, which had been made to suit the shape and style of the room. Marion called it a harmony in brown and green, and indeed every thing in it looked harmonious, and the banker and his daughter seemed to har monise with the quiet refined air of the place. Marion knocked at the door; somehow she -could not dash in in her usual impotuous fashion — Sir Paul Ches- ney had brought the proprieties with him she said to herself. But there was no response, and she s'oftiy opened the door, Mr. llivers was seated at the table, his head buried in his hands, and something so forlorn in his whole aspect that his daughter ran to his Bide eager to cheer and comfort him 4 Papa, papa, darling,' she stud anxiously, 4 What is it ? What is tho matter ? ' He lifted his eyes and looked at her — a look so full of weary sorrow and sadness that it made her heart ache. 4 Is that you, child?' he said, in a tired voice that seemed to have no ring in it. 4 Yes, papa.' She drew a stool to his side, and sat upon it, taking his hand, and resting her head on his knee. 4 Aye, sit there, child,' he said to her. 4 1 can talk to you better so. I have something to say to you, Marion.' 4 Yes, dear.' She could not find another word . Her voice choked and diod ; she was frightened, she soaroely knew why. 4 1 want to speak to you about— about — Sir Paul Cheeney.' 4 Yes, papa.' " The tone was a little hard uow. There could bo nothing pleasant to be said to her in connection with Sir Paul Ch'esney. 4 1 think you have guessed my wisheR and his before now,' the hanker said, trying to speak lightly and naturally, though the hand that caressed her bright hair trembled terribly, and the white lips that Marion could not see from where she sat quivered so pitiably that it was with difficulty the words were spoken ; 4 he has asked me for your hand, my dear — he wants you for his wife.' 4 Ho need not hove troubled you, papa,' Marion said, quietly ; 4 he knows what my answer will be. I would not marry him to Bhare a throne with him !' 4 Marion !' 4 1 wouldn't, papa.' 4 1 am sorry to near you say that, my dear, because ' 4 Because what, papa ?' /Because I have given him my word, Marion. I have promised him,' .'' 4 You have promised, and for mo ? I cannot help it, papa, I will not marry him.' 4 Child you must — to save my honour !' to be continued to-morrow. 