IRELAND. IMPORTANT LETTER FROM THE ARCHBISHOP OF DUBLIN. The Most Rev. Dr. Walsh has issued the following letter to the clergy of this diocese:— " Archbishop's House, Dublin, " 28th June, 1892. "Very Rev. and Dear Father,—From the receipt of this circular you will substitute for the Collect, etc., now directed to be said at Mass, the corresponding prayers of the Votive Mass jf the Holy Ghost, and also those of the Votive Mass for Peace. " Kindly make known to the congregation attending your church that those prayers are now being daily offered up to God in the Holy Sacrifice. " Be careful also to explain that in these prayers all our Catholic people, no matter how widely divergent their political views may be, can freely and cordially unite. " In the prayers of the Mass of the Holy Ghost we implore of God that all who have any share in the responsibility of deciding the momentous public issues now before the country may, throughout this critical time, be guided by the Spirit of Heavenly Wisdom. " In the prayers of the Mass for Peace we beg that God in His mercy may avert those dangers by which, especially in our chief centres of population, the maintenance of public order unhappily is menaced. Language directly calculated to incite to turbulence and disorder has been addressed to the people. Even already there is evidence that this unguarded language has not been without effect. In such circumstances it becomes the plain duty of the clergy to use their best efforts for the maintenance of order and tranquillity, pointing «ut especially the consequences, befote : God'and man, of all interference with the peaceful exercise of those rights of citizenship which are guaranteed by the Constitution to every subject of the Crown. " It is sufficiently obvious that, even on the score of merely local interests, our city is most deeply concerned in the orderly conduct of all its citizens, nonelectors and electors alike, during the electoral struggle now begun.—I remain, Very Rev. and Dear Father, your faithful servant in Christ, "ifr WILLIAM, "Archbishop of Dublin, etc., etc." 