RELIGIOUS SERVICES. WESLEYAN CHURCH, FOREST STRKET.- The Rev. Charles T[?]gear preached in the Forest street church last evening from Acts j., 8-"But [?] shall receive power after that tho Holy Ghost is como upon you, etc. Friends, .the preacher said, ivttw attached importance to the last words of a dying per son ; and this being so, how much more im portance must they' attach to the last words of Jesus Christ on earth';' Tho power of the f-lolv Ghost referred to in tho text was neces sary td enable the disciples to carry on the ■work allotted them, and was also necessary to-day in tho spreading of the, heavenly king dom by tho ministers of tho ‘Church. The preacher .went on to refer to revivals which Imd taken placo in religion, referring to tho Day of Pentecost, when 30U0 persons were emvertad in one day,-and an American 1 re vival- in .1857,when 400,000 joined the Church in one year. Such revivals, wore possible here, and' ho countenanced the congregation to pray few the power of the Holy Spirit in order that they might be brought about Tho hymn, “Consecration,” was rendered by tho choir with good effect, ns wore also tho other musical selections. Pn.DUTivjB .Mkxhowst Cuuncn.—At tho Rowan street church tho Rev, II. Bride Bar ber officiated yesterday moriiing. Before preaching tho usual sermon bo gave an ad dress to the children from tho words, “tier ways aro ways of pleasantness and all h6r paths are peace" (Proverbs iii., 7). To make a way pleasant there must, ho said, ho a reli able guide, and it is the Bible. It is a light to their jfdet'ind n lamp to their path. Good company makes tho way pleasant Travellers on this wav havp angels round about them, and the.sainted dead and tho sainted living. Christ is with him. Mr.Barber then preached to the .adults from the words, “ The world passotii away, and tho lust thereof, but he that dosth the will of God abideth for over" (I. John,' ii. r 17). Tho preacher argued the necessity of higher aspirations. Living for the present and lor this -world did not answer t io purpose for which God created man, and the Apostle John urged them to look up to a grander ideal of life—doing the will of God* They will at death enter upon a Hfo of un ending happiness, j\vhere will wipe all tears from tho eyes. The rejectors of Qod‘s mercy,- who refuse to do; his will, will he punished eternally.' Mon need not infcoi’it eternal woo. A Bavior has been provided, and through believing in Him they may rise into a higher'lifo and lay hold, of tho power o! the Holy Ghost, Mr. Cowling preached in the evening. . . gr. PaOi/s. —Yesterday morning tho Rev. \Y. C. Ssdlier conducted the services. In the evening tho Ven, Archdeacon McCullngh gave & discourse on “ St, Paul at Rome. ” Ho said that when Paul arrived at Romo to.un dergo his trial, as bo had. appealed to Gmsair,- ho called the chief men of tho Jews together pnd explained why he was bound with chains. They desired to know something of the scot which was so much spoken against, and a day was appointed, and upon that occasion Paul eloquontly delivcrcd his message of Jove and mercy. Some - believed, and some believed not. Thou Paul referred to Esais's prophecy relative to the Jews* rejection of tho gospel, finishing up bysaying, “Be it known there fore unto you, that the. salvation pf God is aeut unto tbo Gentiles, and that they will hoar it," The gospel message was first de livered; at Jerusalem, where. Christ mani fested his mighty lovo by dying for bis people, j Pant sought to reason with the Jews At Romo,, because' ho and they held certain crent truths in .common, and he therefore wished to reason with them, beginning at a .point upon which they all wore agreed, and taking them up step by step that they might he led io see that Christ was the God ap pointed and predicted Savior of the human race. Mr. McCulljjgh here referred to the <Uspcrsion of the Jows, /ind how much they had suffered for their principles. They could not gi vow perfect loyalty- to tho laws of-tho land. They could 'not fraternise with tho pentilca. They could not eat the same food *i others- many things to them were unclean. They suffered much because they would do jio worfc: on. their Sabbuth Day. _ They bad etrong physical and mental constitutions, 1 and great powers of endurance, and they lived under the greatest persecutions. They in time obtained considerable power, and gaining ac cess to tho bouses of tho nobility, taught tho Roman people tho groat truth of tho existence of one Almighty heiug, tile Creator of tbo world, ail'd taught them that their idols were nothing. The preacher referred - to the cruel monster Nero, who was in power when Paul was a prisoner at Romo, a time when no oho floemod sure of life for a single day. Ho also wade special reference to the apparent; strange Providence which allowed Paul, a. mighty preacher of the gospel to be chained to a soldier,uvad bo a prisoner at Romo for two years whilst 'there were 'comparatively few to spread tho glorious gospel of a risen Bavior. No doubt Paul often longed for free dom in order that ho might tell to o- sin stricken, death-doomed world that Christ had purchased salvation for them. Ho had a glorious .message of love, and no_ doubt yearned for on opportunity to declare it He might in Romobave- had audiences of thou sands, perhaps tens of thousands, to wbpm fro might have preached the/ glorious gospel of a risen Bavior, Nevertheless, God had a greater work for him to do. Had ho not been a prisoner, ibo jopjetlos would never have been written, and through these Paul has preached tho gospel to millions ftnd tons of millions of people, and dll through tho ages his voice will bo board ringing out tbo grand message of Clod's wonderful love to sinful men. Sx, Mark's, Got.dkn Squa.uk.— At each of the services yesterday sermons applicable to tho Easter’ season.were delivered. Tho Vener able Archdeacon BlcCullngh preached in tho morning, and tho Rev. W. C. Sadlior in the afternoon. In tho evening tho Rov. St. John Chase took for his text the words, “ And now as Christ risen from the dead and become tbo first fruits of them that slept” (I. Corinthians, sv.. 20.) Tho Easter time, said the prcaolmr, as always a precious time,'for it is tho time at which wo > com mom orate our victory over onr terrible ■ enemy 'dCathi - It was only through tho death of Christ that wo aro now able to conquer death, so tho I'csurrcctton of Christ is one of tho roost important npticlos of our faith. Sti Paul, in writing to the Corinthians, makes tho supposition that Christ is not risen from the dead, only to Erovu in tho most indisputable way that ho as. Would tho apostles, whose writings prove that they wore intelligent men, have labored ns they had if they did nbt think that Christ bad truly risen? When tbo Jews asked for a sign from Christ to prove who ho was, he did pot refer them to the wonderful miracles ho had wrought, hut simply fluidf “ Destroy this temple and in three days I will build it up again.” Besides, after his resur rection, to prove that ho hod truly risen, ho remained for forty days on earth. Referring to the second clause —“ and become tbo first fruits of thorn that slept”—wo find that man is compared to a sheaf of wheat which has to bo buried, so iri' a like manner man is buried, and then gathered into- G.od's boro; The Savior 4 s .'resurrection- is ' a pledge to us of many blessings. God's resurrection is not a fact merely'to bo proved! but it is n fact of the utmost importance to'us. Baptist OinJP.cn. —The Rev, G. A. Weller S reached yesterday. Ho took for bis evening iscoursc, II. Samuel ix.,'13. The historical events related: in tbo test were, adapted to an evangelistic sermon as.- to the best way to effect tho salvation of souls. 