THE RIGHT SORT* 4 ROMANCE OF THE SHIRE'S. CHAPTEK XML—DIBCDBBHTO THIC Linns' STKEPEBDHiaE. ' Mja. edwabd kennakd. In the meantime dinner was announced, airing her as opportunity of collacSngber intiLfor Colonel Cfioker offered his arm m the hostess, Mr. M'Grath csme forward toclaim Xtfe.-while Mary Whitbreadfall to lbe portion \- (rftbefawinating Captain Fuller, who, how- ' #vsr, having lost a considerable asm at lus: club ja town on. Saturday mgbi—or rather Sunday doming—happened to oe in a leas Bprightly • and more hrifam mood than usual. After a little preliminuy bustle, they seated themsel res it tame, when Elate found the enemy had -saken up a strong position on the right, while • Ur. tt'Gr&th; supported the left division. " You're looting a little pale this evening, Sirs. Forrester, "said he. "nothingthe matter, t toper You're not feeling seedy?" ' "AliTer attack," sherepKed with a ens- ' iomary blunteees. " Not very serious, only ' squires plenty of fresh air and eaertiae* One 'gets fat and lazy in the summer. By-the-bye, Hiss Browser, that m a nice usefulrlookigg Uigyou-wers L^wora nuu^ riding Wiuji today. i'WL Not so w showy. wwpjr, , u the chestzmt, but with capital good ' points, aad looks like a wear-and-tear sort of •-nstaner." " Yoa're described him to a nicety," said Kate in reply. "The Cackling is a stoat, honest little beast, never sick or sorry, but until • be gets excited inclined to take life almost too ' eMfly. He lacks the chestnut's dash." •* Hare you ever ridden him with a spur?" "No, I cant say that I bare. To tell the truth, I feel somewhat afraid of applying it indiscriminately. 1 ' " Oh no yon wouldn't. You take my ad rice, and ride h£m with one, if only for a time or two. The least touch is often sufficient to rouse a iloggish horse. They are apt to get cunning -when ridden by ladies, and an occasional reminder does them all the good in the world. I know many people object to a ene-sided Bjiar, and ray it's worse than useless, but my experience is exactly the reverse. I consider it a most valuable auxiliary, especially with a certain class of animal." " Faith! and a better authority does not exist itt the whole of Great Britain," interposed Mr. ITGrath, looking round the table with an expression of conviction which Beemed to Bay, "There! I defy anyone to contradict that itatement!" Now, Terry, keep your national blarney for those who appreciate it," returned the old. lady vivaciously, " and don't waste yoursoft eawder upon me. I'm too ancient for that sort of thine-, and past the market." "Begad! but it's rale unkind that ye are, Mrs. Forrester, mavourneen," exclaimed Mr. M'Grath, adopting the very strongest brogue. " And a clever fiymale like yerself can always • command a market." "Thank you, my good friend; you are exceedingly flattering, and were I a young girl my head would be quite turned with such a complimentary speech." " Shore, Mrs. Forrester, and if ye were but a wee bit spalpeen, it would be for trying to persuade ye to become Mrs. Terence M'Grath that I should aspire." "Then it's lucky for yon that I am not, and you are deterred from committing 80 crowning an act of folly," retorted the old lady amidst a general roar of laughter. "Tour heart's too big for your body, Terry, and as for your common sense, it is nowhere, so let us change the subject. .T^ck,"' turning to Colonel Clink&r;, " Fva got something to ten you, something I was particularly requested by a fair admirer to oonsult you about. Aie you all attention r" "Ami cot always so when addressed by Mr?. Forrester?" returned, -fee galhntly. "Who is the lady, and why does she seek advioe from so incompetent a person?" u A great friend of yours, Lady Aline Birkett, and she is mad about getting up a ladies' steeplechase. You remember there was some tslk of doing so last winter, only tlm project . fell to the ground for want of proper basking. Bat this year it appears the old Earl has taken up the affair con amoret'aad has signified his intention of allowing the race to be run over lus land, provided some competent person yourself for instance—will undertake to choose a suitable course, and see that the fences are not too large and dangerous. It won't do, he sayB, for the ladies to come to grief, neither will he allow the thing to be made public in any way, butif a few of us choose to get it np amongst ourselves, and can ensure some four or five starters, he will present a handsome silver cup to the winner. Now Lady Anne, when sbe heard you were coming here to-night, partienlaziy asked me to seek your opinion on this mementous question, and engage, if possible, your active co-operation. In fact, she wants you to become the moving spirit, and take the whole thing in hand from first to last" "Vety kind of Lady Anne, Tm sore. Bat who and what iB the field to consist of ? Have you any notion?" " Why, there's Lady Anne herself. She's as keen as mustard about it, not that she will pMsos the ghost of a chance of winning, unless the Earl puts his hand in his pocket and gives '- her a decent mount Miss Palliser, too, is always game for anything in the riding way. Her ambitious spirit would simply revd in the excitement of a race. I lay any money that sbe jumps at the idea." "f *j«h the old scarecrow would jump ofi tta hooks, Iiasty spiteful creature I Ihatethe *«7 sight of her out hunting 1 Well, go on. Who else?" ' "Then there are Mrs. Paget and Mrs. Phipps; JM«>aps one or two others; and lastly, wxtha little persuasion—myself." "Yourself:' Capital! That puts a diHerent complexion on the matter altogether. Whr every man 111 Foxington would turn out to see tnecelebrated Hrs. Forrester come galloping in Between the flags on a winning monnt We wall have another feather added to your cap ». '9 1 another censorious dart placed in the Mods of my enemies," said Mis. Forrester, whose eyes failed to be completely blinded by ttejionour and glory of this redoubtable prospect '' X shall be called an old fool for my puns, and not without some show of reason rlS*' , . tts ot going gallivanting over a my time of life? Howerir, Lady Asoe eft me no peace until I half promised hi 1 would make one of the number." And quite right too; the race would seem support/^7 ^ W e i **** your "Oh nonsense. Jade; things would go on «£rtly the same. Only I bSp to «w<& the nmkof lunabcs, and the mo£ the merrier. 5gk»P« M« Brew** may be induced to tab SfeeaWSISSirlamely" " £ '"<" 'he addedratht* catching an expression of stem dia- He » Tar y name." endure at ""er, her, ana and ahe could ~ ttte^f?^" Mrs.; Forrester provingly; them's my sentiments, and if I were you, Miss Browser, I should decline.'" 41 But you are not me," she retorted ii_ undertone," and all I decline is the advioe so gratuitously offered. Perhaps you will allow me to judge for myself, and," looking round with an air of defiance and speaking aloud, "my mind is made up, I intend to compete, since Mrs. Forrester has been good enough to ask me to do so." " That's right, my dear!'' exclaimed the lady approvingly. "I told Lady Anne I felt almost sure you would join our party; besides, it would be a shame not to give that beautiful chesnut an opportunity of showing us allbiB heels. He ought to" have an tuicommonly good fhanne of winning.". Can he stay?"''" "Tee,. I think so," answered Eate more placidly "Have von beard what the distance is.to bef" .asked Colonel Clinker. "So much depends upon - that, especially with untrained ncKses, generally as fat as so many bollocks. I ehould say a two to a two and a-half mOes ccmne would be amply sufiiclent. A longer one will only give rise to a variety of mishaps. I lav ten to one La Palliser comes in as blown as a Liverpool chaser." " Well, all each details will probably be left <o yon to decide," said Mrs. Forrester. " Lady Ann9_wants you to go over the first day you can in order to settle preliminaries. Yon *~iow the big grass-fields, within half a mile of. e Castle? iliere was some talk of "'hv one of them the starting-point. But you will settle all that, since everything is to he placed in your hands." "An exceedingly invidious honour, pretty sure to call down on my devoted head no end of abase. I never knew the man yet who undertook to mark ont a steeplechase course that did not come in for almost universal condemnation. The riders consider the obstacles too large, the public think them too ; the one finds fault with the distance, the other complains of its brevity; and so they goon. It's impossible to satisfy everybody, even under the most favourable conditions: but when it comes to pleasing half-a-dozen ladies, and providing both for their safety and amusement, I confess to shrinking from such a difficult and delicate undertaking. Zt already wmghs upon my minil like an 'incubus.' Imagine the tremendous responsibility of selecting tiie fences, when i think at each particular one that some frail-limbed woman may come to grief over it. I don't fancy the job in the least, and no tiling bat taf friendship for Lady Anne would induce me to countenance it for one minute. However, since you ladies appear resolved, pat me ontef suspense at once by telling rae when the celebrated female foxington steeplechase is likely to come off?" "i won't have you speak of our pnrposein that disparaging manner," said Mrs. Foixester reprovingly. 4 ' And I back the ladies to acquit themselves quite as creditably as if they ware men. Now, Jack, don't be disagreeable, for if you begin by giving yourself airs and tnraing up your nose in disdain the whole thing will collapse, and Lady Anne be terribly disappointed." I should be sorry to di«appointber ladyship. She's a real good sort, and I certainly would go out of my way to render her any little servioe thathappenedto be in my power. Has she fixed the time?" "Oh dear so! In fact the idea has only jest been broached. But I fancy ehe wants the race to come off pretty soon, probably about the beginning of December, but any way before Parliament. Their plans after Chrissma; are generally rather unsettled." "The horses will have to be trained, of course," remarked Colonel Clinker, speaking with professional authority. "That is a sine qui turn. I suppose you are prepared to put the chestnut into regular work, Llisa Browser :" "Beally," said ehe, " I have hardly thought of it yet Won't that mean losing bis services in the hunting field altogether? And just at present I am too short of horses to be able to, <jiBpenae with my best one." ~ Short, .are yon?" interrupted Mrs. Forrester, who seldom allowed ttie chance of doing a tittle business to go by unmolested., "Are yon on the look out for another? Be-; cause if bo, I wish to dispoBeof an animal that would suit yon down to the ground and carry • yon just like a bird. He's a bay, rising seven, and a Brat-rate fencer, as the Colonel there will tell you. As a rule I selling to friends, • but the Peer is a bond Jide article, .that I am only parting with owing to several younger bones coming ou. He's a made hunter, and cheap at a hundred and twenty guineas, the price Fm asking for hira." It flashed through Kate's mind that if the Peer were really so good as represented, it seemed hardly worth Mrs. Forrester's while to «ell him at the very commencement of the' season, but she was not aware that his original price was twenty-five guineas, -and that for a irofit of a hundred pounds the lady would Avepartod with every animal in her stable. " You are very kind," ehe answered diplomatically, thinking it well not to appear too keen. "Imay probably-have to purchase an extra horse or two later on, but just now I am in no particular hurry for a few weeks." May I be allowed to offer another piece of advice, ill spite of the severe snubbing you took occasion to administer a short timeago," whispered Colonel diaker a second or two later, when their hostess's attention waa engaged in another quarter. " Certainly," said Eate, feeling rather conscious of the sebuka, but still somewhat surprised at the request "What is it?" " Don't you let yourself be persuaded to buy any of Mis. Forrester's horses, that's «1L She's a dear old soul, and I'm awfully fond of her,butl should be sorry to see one of har socalled 'made hunters* palmed off upon yon. Do you understand, or nave I once mora committed an offence ?" Not at all, but please explain what is your meaning?" " Why, you see Mrs. Forrester is both able and clever. She Tides awful brutes, and manages to (let rid of them to advantage somehow. But they are not suited to other ladies, and therefore I should be sorry to see yon bny one. Purchase a horee aitk Mrs. Forrester if you like—there is no better judge in England, when the Cheque comes out of somebody else's book—but not cf her. The risk, nine tunes out of ten, is too great.?' 'She must be a wonderful rider!" said Kate. That's exactly what die is, but I should grieve to see a young lady of your tender years imposed upon, and I know the Peer would not suit you." I'm not so young as all that I was twenty-two last birthday," said Kate, impelled to make the statement by a species of brusque honesty, characteristic of her disposition. " A mare child," said he looking at her'and thinking how much too young she was tn face the world alone. Hie noticed also how bright and large bar eyes -were, and how perfect the pose of fiie small head. - "Xou are not angry with me for what I have said ?" he naked, feeling as if he should like to be good friends with her in the future." I have not annoyed you Hiit time, have IF" She hesitated for a setond and then said— "No." • " . " I know how independent you are," he continued apologetically, ?? and half feared you might resent my interference." • , Peoide ought to be independent, and able to ehift for themselvee in tins world." ; . "I entirely agree,W far "as our sex is con; cemed, bat in yours it "becomes" a qnestidn whether independence may not tie earned to too great an extent—whether it iA notapt to give women a certain, bnzs^nenfss and hardness, scarcely in harmony with their character, at least from a manly -point of view i" The sentence waiuttered without anypirHcnlarin- tention, "but curiously enough Sate chose toput a. personal construction upon it,-and the spirit of opposition onoe more grew life within her. " "Oh!" she said flippantly, " I guppoae you are like molt other men, and can only for the pretty blue-eyed, flaxen-haired, doll type, which look,iu> toyou and wenhip you like demi-goda. Brains don't ajgnifythe fewer the better, for then dolly is Css likely to see flaws in her idol, ttr ~b> detect that what she takes for pure metal 18 nothing bat & base mlloy. "These. clinging^ - litchen-like creatures appeal to a man's jmnity if riot to his nobler instincts, and in retarn they are rewarded by a Inter warm, haU-coniemptuous nfibctura. The natural position Qungp ii .reyerBeS, anflt*Mt .FJwmmc jtedtant ht fanme ? , -It" Bavesagreatae^pttrbnHe. and the limpets make exoellaidmdobedient wives. They iat any rateare cot tooindependent*' "ToaareswBepingfn your coi Miss.Browser.. L-nckay |or me,;^>rayBr, rl, UTeeBcwnttte «irilesof theSB beautiful. Uitf •Inane'playthfhpbf^omy^'Jspei-lta^i' many is anv^ej^Mfaxni^.^ttonip^ flnans-thsm^^tberwise feVm^l&ttinatiba; ^npeUally oowalfeTO.TiteycmMil^tD^rac -drassmskeor'e M ^ w ^ n ^ M ^ ^ j ^ la^hew^.aiojdi^'w^araaiiw looHdi Jto waartoflce tte toodetn i s guys, gawldes, dowdies, every name under the sun. Why should we all be judged by our outer garments to such a ridiculous extent to veifour eyes to inward merit ? Answer me that question if you can." "But I can't It's much too abstruse for my feeble comprehension." ." Well, then, do you believe in the law of demand and supply ? Are you by any chance a political economist ?" " A political economist indeed! Why, my dear Miss Browser, lam not eran a domestic one, and find it impossible to '.-ffiudiiB that Tirtue at home. A poor devil lik0ways^f,head over ears in debt, has qaite enough, ,and more 'than enough, .to do in mindingjhis own affaire, without Ijothering ahont tJipse of the 'nation;" . " Ah I, you don't undsistand ,-me. What I meant was simply this. . You men as a bo^ complain of the girls. You say they are fast, frivolous, and extravagant. Well, I ask in their defence, who make the girls so if not the men themselvee ? They create a demand for a certain style of woman, and that demand is promptly supplied in order to gratify their tastes. If there was no ^m"*"*!, there would be no supply. It is merely a fundamental law of nature—that's alL In support of mv theory, enter any ball-room almost that you like, ana you will see rows upon rows of quiet, good girls sitting partneriesa by their chaperonee, while the loud, noisy, fast ones have nearly every man in the place ^"lgl'^g after them. True; the lords of creation may return to their homes, and after devoting themselvee all the evening to Mrs. A. or ]Bss B., declare tiny thank heaven theirsister, wife, daughter, as the <ase may be, does not resemble me divinity, but with what result ? Why their belongings, who probably have spent a dull evening, totally neglected, put two and two together, and after a bit begin to make comparisons. That stage onoe reached, the end soon approaches. They find that if they paint their cheeks, dress showily, talk immodestly, and altogether are ' bad form,' they, too, become a oentre of attraction, and need no longer sit in retired comers alone, ' chewing the bitter cud' of desertion and isolation, Theybetome different, beings, but you men alone are to UamB for their degeneration, though in the words of that arch-sneak Adam, whan the mischief is done you tarn round and say, ' It's not me, it's the woman.* " .. She had forgotten where she was, and who she was speaking to, bong carried away by the bitter earnestness of ber subject Unlike many girls of her age, she had seen a great deal or the world, and that under such peculiar . circumstances as to render her nnusoaUy clearsighted. Har cheeks nrfw were flashed, and ber whole bee sparkfiag wit& animation, and Colonel Clinker, looking iftlwr in astonishment, could not restrain his admiration. He dearly loved a highly- mettled steed, and Kate m thiB glowing-^mood reminded him of some 'gallant and spirited young creature. He had never met any one like her "before, so clever, so original, and yet so honest and simple. She impressed him by'her strength of character as well as by har good loota. And he himself possessed a strain of candour which forced him, unaccustomed as he was to hearing the shortcomings of his class thus roundly taken to task by so young a girl, to acknowledge in great measure thB truth of what shesaid. It began dimly to dawn upon hid mind that it was jnst possible (he world might better things even than horse-racing and horseriding, and that a dear little woman at his own fireside might possibly exerdse a more salutary influence over him than did the life of restless excitement he was in the habit of leading—a life of wasted ability and unprofitable plcasnres, whose only results consisted in embarrassing his father's old age, and squandering the patrimony he lotherwise might have inherited. The child, this outspoken girl, with her honest voice, fearless eyes, ana daring opinions, clad in her ample white gown, had appealed most strangely to lus better nature, raising in him suddenly a vague unsatisfied longing after nobler things.. bach Bsnsations seemed too unreal to "be encouraged—only a passing weakness—"to be crushed in its infancy, such as the sight of a pretty woman, the glance of an e™^ the turn of a head, will "often ive rise to. With a forced laugh and a sigh feronsed himself from his meditations. " You are a hard hitter," Miss Srewser, be answered, " and I scarcely know bow to defend my sex.against bo forcible an attack.. You speak," however, as if your own experience had been'unfortunate. At twenty-' two one's views' on mankind and one's knowledge of its deficiencies are not generally so matured/ 1 . Kate coloured- up to the veiy roots of her hair. ' Yes," she said, after a pause, while her voice quivered slightly. " you are right. I have been unfortunate in my experience, but please do not let us talk about it" "-Here, Terry!" cried Colonel Clinker to his friend, with ready tact, seeing the conversation evidently began to distress her, " come to the rescue, and help me to defend myself against this young lady's "shafts of We men as a body have been catching it terribly hot all round. Can't you say something neat on our behalf ? I never came out head of the class in argument,' but you're a real tiptopperatit" *' I should not dream of contradicting a lady," said Mr. M'Grath politely, in answer to mis appeal. " BlesB their dear hearts! X love them all!" Which amorous sentiment, delivered at the top of his voice, with a hearty expansion of lung, forthwith created so much amusement that the conversation once more became general, until Hrs. Forrester made a sign for the ladies to retire by nodding her head at the end of the table, and thereby causing her cap to loseita equilibrium and to roll sideways on to the floor. " Now yon young men," said she impressively, as she dived under the mahogany in Bearch of the missing article, and suddenly came in contact with Mr. M'Grath, bent on a similar errand, *' you're to make haste, and not sit drinking and 'smoking all the rest of the evening. We want you to amuse «u, and not yourselca, for once in a way, and if everybody is agreeable we can play a round game of cuds by-and-bye." The gentlemen, thus admonished, made the most solemn promises not even to allow the chaTmw of tobacco, wine, and anecdote to detain them, which promises they, for a wonder, kept nobly, appearing in about a quarter of an hour. Meanwhile Mra. Forrester had not been idle. With the assistance of the two girls she cleared the centre table of its books and oovering, and placed four shaded - in their stead, ready for a start In thorough harmony with she sporting side of her character, the old lady deariy loved a quiet" gamble," and so long as .it did not go beyond a certain limit, it aSonled har the heartiest satisfaction to win small amounts from her friends, though that satisfaction was a trifle less apparent when she herself wsia called upon to diwuree. - " Can you and .Miss Whitbread play nap or pdrar?" aha inquired of the two gins.: "They •oca oar. jgrast.games, though -X aet wj -face — S ~ust anything .higher than threepenny points, jfheseare mrciting enough." * don't think JSaxj knows either game,' said .Kate, -answering for "both. <"*As for iwyanlf.I have.played a few timesoply,]unt laaffiaent to master the first wry .elementary: rules.and to appreriate the value -of afiushorfullhand." \- ".Ah, 1 see yon -are fait, and any little mistake .you commit .some ol the gentlemen will easily correct hlr. Grahame," addreasingthat individual, who was shyly warming the amall of .his back before the finsad caressing an in-' viable flaxen moustache with great aoliritudB, "you'll bank with Mia Whitbread, wont you?" , - . . He Chirper thus appealed to started vio- lently, -trailed crimson with -iconforion, but expraeaed his extreme willingness Jto assent to the proposal. . He had sat by Mary Whitbfead's - side-.during .dinner, and had been fairly Dished at.his own garrulity. For onoe ha come across a girl who didnot. alarm or -set her cap at Hm, but who' listened with becoming attention to his «veiy utterance, and whoattenSedip- ltbe narrative of his-'personal' affairs with an interest as genuine *a it was 4*barnnng. The^yoong people had no objection whatever being paired off cants, and -hqgan counting their oonnters with smirable lffot so Kate, who when asked by , joterif she «rould condescend to play with Colonel Clinker, said in the most marked . . "Thank.JW^ KouJ'MMster, ,1 prefer my indepe^&ttndttlislikesir; ferruigtoetandorfalHdone. 1 . • .'.".aGssBrenaeris quite right^ ^aid be lroiu taillfj fi.alliaiioas iatB .always • to avoided, let it be to the So the two antagonists sat and glowered at each other across the green baize cloth, and played on all sorts of foolish hands, jast for the sake of opposition. But when the gone caine to an end, and they counted up their losses, the gain to neither party had been great "Ithink we'd better consent to bary the hatchet next time we play poker together,' raid Colonel Clinker. "We should have been dean broke had we gone on 'at this rate, and had it not been for" the limit" The glrla bnd dedared they must be going, and he made the above remark in an undertone When he followed them" jnto the 'halL and hdped Kate,on wrtt lKfr.^aoai. His- voice Bounded soft in her ears. . It bad a peculiar timlre which touched har in spite of herself, and he looked' so thoroughly manly and -gentlemanly as he Stood there, pretending to over her cloak, that she said in reply, with all the indifferenoe she could assume— " Very well, we wili avoid the bankruptcy court if possifcle, else our creditors might have a rough time of it" Was it not an unfortunate coincidence that these two, even although "^MitflnlifTiBHyj always contrived to wound each other on their tenderest points. Kats had been. innocent of any evil intention, nevertheless Jack Clinker's ft^iqign were sorely hart by what he imagined was marked jxfer-'. ence to his pecuniary dlfiicaltiea. "That was a nasty speech, Miss Brewssr," he said coldly. " Ton don't. like my advioe, for the third "time this eveniagi I tender it Ton an fond of hitting the Tight nail .on the head, but take care you don't get into the habit of striking it too hud. It's an evil and unkind practice, apt to grow unawares Upon' those who indulge in it" And now suddenly- she reaaembered what Mrs. Forrester had told her of bis financial, embarrassments, and the construction he had evidently put upon her words grew , clear to herm^nd. "Oh!" die cried hastily, while a flush of shame dyed her face," I did sot mean it I'm so sorry—so awfully sorry. Will you ever forgive me ?" His brow cleared at once. "Never mind," he said, in quite a different tone. "It waa my fault " I'm a etupid fool. to be so huffy- Gaod-bye, Miss Browser," He handed her into the carriage, shut the door, and then added persuasively. "You'll let me come and aee you, won't you ?" She could not have told herself what was the instinct that induced her too look him straight in the face with a smile and say " Yes." After all he could be nice when he chose; aad though she was in no danger of falling a victim to his fascinations, sbe. began to understand that Mrs. Forrester had spoken truly when she declared Jack Clinker to be a. dangerous man. She bad not acted quite as she had intended throughout the evening. But there was no fear of his proving dangerous to her—not the least That was quite a different thing. Meantime Mr. M'Grath was holding & private conference with his friend Mrs. Forrester. ** Well," said he, in an .anxious whisper, how do you think they are getting on? It struck me'it was rather a slap in the face for poor Jack when she turned round and told him Bhe detested partnerships! What do you suppose she meant by it ?*.' "Oh, nothing," answered Mrs. Forrester, soothingly. "Sheruns a bit contrary, that's all. Don't like the whip. Jack was pretty free with the lash, you know, and she snowed some temper. Nothing more than might have been expected, however." iVhich declaration was a highly magnanimous one, seeing that Mrs. Forrester had not imparted to Mr. McGiath the manner in which she had betrayed bis confidences. " But do you think matters are progressing satisfactorily?" said he. •'Admirably; how could they possibly be going on better? Why, they did netting the whole evening but spar and quarrel like two great overgiowa babies who could not leave each other alone. What on earth would you have more?" I don't know. Do you call squabbling a good sign?" "Agoodsign? Yes, certainly; I fall you it?s capital one i'- " Don't you consider it looks somewhat like case of mutual aversion "Terry,, you're really a very simple individual. . I kjlyou it's-no suchthing._ It's.the law of attraction and gravitation which makes warring elements unite. Why, where's your natural history, man ?" " Well," said Terry, but half-convinced, you may be right "You're a clever woman, lus. Forrester; but it's not the way the boys do their courting in Ireland. Live- making there is done at the first intent, so to speak, and does not require all this beating about the bush and. groping in subterranean alleys." "Subterranean alleys I What nonsense you're talking, Terry." " It s true, though, all. the same. In our country the boys make up to the girls iu a straightforward fashion, and give them a slapping good kiss on the'cheek without all this roundabout sort of palaver." "Aud a slapping good snub Jack would get for hispunsif hewereto try that game on. No, no, Terry, make up your mind that your countrymen's conduct cannot be implicitly followed on all occasions; and believe, besides,' that most women ara not won in that plough, boy manner. They like what you call' roundabout palaver.'" " Well, it beats me altogether, and I give it up as a bad job. All I can say is, appearances are not entirely satisfactory. 1 ' " And I tell you the appearances are exceeding satisfactory, could not be more so, in fact; and that you know no more about the ways of • a man and a maid' than my old tabby cat there,*' pointing to one on the rug. With which remark she bide him farewell; and, having turned her guests out of doors, retired toiest,weU pleased with what she considered had proved a most successful evening. The HonMe. Jack Clinker, at all times subject to curious fancies, took it into his head to walk home, and firmly declined the oomwnionship even of Mr. M'Grath. So he put on lis greatcoat, lighted a cigar, aud trudged away steadily. The yellow moon shone like a -dear sphere in the dark heavens, anon brightening all the landscape, and making the trees and hedgerows stand out in delicate silhouette, again biding away behind a mass of heavy cloud, while tha merry Etara twinkled and played at hide and seek in their far-off homes. " Only twenty-two,'' said he, pursuing a train of reflection evidently uppermost in his thoughts, " and hates partnerships.? Dash it all 1 Ifsnotnaturalatthatage to talk like a woman of the world. She said her experience liad b>wn unfortunate.. I wonder how and in what-way ¥ I'd give a pony to know the story of her life. She must have been disappointed or badly treated some time-or other. Perhaps it was aomed d fellow,which is the reason she's so awfully hard ontherest ofus. Poor little eoul! How pretty she looked when ahe' was laying down tiie law. Bhe remindedme of a snowdrop in her white frock, and har eyes sparkled justlike two jewels. Talk of dolls, indeed! Thera'e migtay little of the doll about her,! What a *pint ehe has got, and— yes—" with a smile, " what a' tomrueesweU. Nevermind, after all-she means no.4armby.it, and hET heart is in ths right place. I don't think your milk-and-walqry creature would snit'me in the long "run. - One aoon tires of fhem, jnst as she said. - Now there would be no sameness, no - monotony-about liar. She'd keep a wrnn up to the mark, and prevent hi* wits from wool -gathering. . -Why,-ahe made even me—mc—Jack CHnteer—feel inclined to turn over a new.leaf, and regret the put . I wonder, now, - whether it would ha possible to begin* freeh and kick dear of the old groove ? Things can't "last much longer ai they're doing. A atnash sooner or later is inevitable, fshaw 1- what a fool I am to ibe aura !• leant what's oometo]ne-to-riight,*>r what' has {mtanchidoasintooyhead; It's cot likely a girl ot Miss Browser's weal&vrarroohded.; too, wrthevBiyluxury, would «var.<mra for a poor devil Iflrfc myself. Rnough -of eudh nonsense.^! These' . confounded stars make . fellow maudlin.*'.-- He puffed rigorouslj at ius cigar, and looked up into themool^ilark ekv. 1 The aoft'tiigbt air. laden with moisture, Idssed lus «heek, and aeemfedto lull las sansai to Test' -Tim peace of nature ahed her <&aim; aroand ; hip,' ! nnUng 'petty"- «TOry<-day Woriiss"and' aettoDT-'into "What an awfully jolly oveuingl". he •aoiaoquised^brice more,- knocking the -csh&WM; from : jhisJ'nearly 'stftaced Havanhrii. «It makes We fed -inclined W -wander about all Ught.HdRianiag -til hiflf-Seaged thoughts -tod •I tia've'^VBrytldng a'" than' bould 'ifaB-^rood rdhar.tKMib^&lQi;, friends, tod spi&- •and »rt, «»eiy. «ibw uit aigain there seemll to WVs«iitim?wt»d,as «nra did this •«arthtfaatgiafafcet»Bti» teAmade auehan ' * Jfeaftmriy, „ , ; and he waa in one of those fastidious, uncertain Bloods when comments ace apt to be distaatefal, and therefore nngiadoBsly received, and when one's feelings are so highly strung that «ha£ irritates and banter jan. Those " ceofounded stars >' had eertaadya good deal to answer for. (TO BK OOKTUttlXD.) 