A TAIAL WI11--A -DIVEl.I " I't not going to tell you about ghosts unlder wanter, corpses sitting uprigit ill the stato-roomslof strlamer., with books on thoir knees, in if they hati been rending whon they were drowned, beccaeoo I haven't soon sucll. Nor its anyi other diver. You can'tb sfo nlythinlg itnlln ,lm u ni n vesol. If allyonlO tellst you ooch stories I?e's not a divor oxcep Itltt to thdivce nwy front Itho Itruthl." "I there anlilly sliill requiried in the hot of dliving--1 ilmeani gettillg duwin to tho objecb on which yon are to twork I" "No. That is to say, tino artLinlitr skill -only calre. You Inlst bo careful lot to go town tohe lifo litno too fast, beetlso if you di Lllo lthe presesro o you woult be tootilddetll. Buo t the art f going down io s easy emnoulgh. Tile dress weighs i ttdivor diown. You soo, his nhoos weiglh twenllty plonlls lll ecll. 'rhln heo Itits on his chleslt ait biack weights of forty poundlos eacl. In additionl to thits, tho henobat nill ollar arotre lieal. Tile dresslo coinsists of twto laycrs of dlt k witih it layer of rubber beltween themo. To the toll part of tlhe dress n collri of col ler is Iliseixc, inltl to this tihe holnmot is firmnly sa·towied aftier it fins becll tlacced overl tho diver's helad. The hollnot is lairgo onongIh to allow spalceo of three inches tirotllitl the t]ll, and tthoro are tlhreo tulbes ttiltroiugh whlich the Itir renches ithe intorior of the hol. titot. ]leforo tile diver goes dlotwn, a weightlel line is sullnk to Lie spiot Ile is to rechu be lowi. Thto lifo linll is Lied atrolunid hilt waist, find to his helmeti is lttlachold Itho hos through which theo air is ptitiiel into ttheo helmcot. Thle dilver goon down tho weighllto line, the loso til d the lifo line being ilrun oub Its tie dee?tlds. As lie .noves labout belowi thoso nbove Inlm regnulato the lifo line ant hioseo, tn houhld bI reaOldy to ltil him up tl ooti in tihey get tho oignala shiarpi ug 1U i the lino. Somo pieopllo filncy thloro'o ia rulsht ing soundit, or it oisei lilte thllmor, tido by the air i:ilsilng front t Iho ioo iLto the hul. met. ]allt that's tionllsetlln. Yoll don't lunto nily soundI exeot the strokeos of thLie pitlimp, "If lthoso itbooo Itre watchfiiul for nly ilneti"g signal, and, when tlihy got tbhe siglli, hu the diver up proimptly, io they us]ally land hii safe Iitd soundi . " Usualllly Inot. If it diver's cteroflil iboub his workI, notLhing should haplloll ; butll i ai1nythig Ios Iis i ?IppenI, it is ltillly all ovot with hit A tug on tIo hltio ttlil Iln dealth, oespecilnly if hIo's down ldeepi. T'tho lltvo doesnol't ptrltsh hecia hlio's cut off too longt froint the lupplly of air, bill, fromt tho fright. fuil Ip'oessuic. 'lake, for instance, tho deloatt of lonkiltn, inl 1878, His hose blt. Thlle hiltledl him up in twllo ImilllOes. ]Hown swa corpsieo. I dloln't care to dloescribo his nppea': illnco. It was harrowint.ll I calln give yoi froli anI enlxprience of iutie, somo idea of tthn the pOressulre. I woit tit nworkt beloi'w, who sin tld lonly thi splltitly of aitr gave outl. 1 tuggdoil tlhe io lino. Forti litoly I %niioit't in very diCel p wiater, an lit iley hauledl tie out alive. Bllt I felt while they wtoo lu ling ilo its if I had it Iydraitlic jack on each side of ily lohed. 'Ito hose o hal l mutt hlurest, alnd thoe pump lillnld been wt'orlhig all right, so'o we wrlat it loss to kllnow why thlio sply of tir lthadl gIkven out till to tidtlo il clrelll clexminltlo of the hose. W\o found it lot of llpeor balls it it. I lon't lknow l iy nitl who is amll olontly of Ilnile, so ito iIly ciaso a fool limust, have piub the itlpaper balls In tho htso. Tile Itittl of llllldger I hiivo jiust it tclrlbcd-thiot of tlls toppliiang of mi' lilltnd deatllh from pressuriO-a Ipelhali tlhe gireatoot, becniuse it iver anl'b do anytlhi?g to avoid it. It Il the dltngor of accidentll through eiroumslltances beyond his cointrol. "'tLIhorto Is 'nolthor diaigoer, and a very curious on?, too, which, fortlilittoly, liow) tever, is not ofton itonrrel,. Tile dlros of a dlivct is foiu'lt lileavy tanild hot. On i wtiti'i day the perspirtol olon ftrolt it diveor, while his ldross is beioin' pilt ton, twill solmlotinme show t.lhrolugh the leluie tk alnd rubboer. Now,.whlen youl got into the tritor Lto delightful cool. lieos itnlikes you idrowsy. lliv?rs octbually go to sloop over thou' work. I ihae fallon nstloeo bilt onico. I slolt, it the bottom of a roenk soundly for olto iholl, itl ii t half. Now su11ppose you hadll at job that y3ou couldl work lit only tiuhinmg ouno hlour of slack iwator, anll on going below youi flli nfloop, and slopb over your thime. Tho titelo woutl onote with it rush, ' tyour linou tillOr lo l ouisnap, andit thiat wouldmt be ttho andil oh yot."-I --hiliollo . 