PAPAL EXCOMMUNICATION. Borne epitomizes the effects of the " salutary severity " of her Excommunication in the following classical terms : " Ob, orare. vale, communio, mensa negatur." In other words, " no man may receive any person excommunicated by priests," nor hold communication with him in prayer, or meat, or drink, or kisB, or salute him ; because, whosoever shall in these or in other things prohibited, knowingly hold commnnication with those who are excommnnicated, shall himself be subjected to a like exoommnnica- tion." The Excommunication of ' the famonB William Hogan was brought about in the following manner. A wealthy married lady, wishful to have a family, applied to Mr. ' Hogan as a PrieEt, for the interference of " the Ohnrch." Mr. Hogan replied : " Madam, you are the dnpe of priestcraft. There is no power in the Ohnrch to oonntervail the will of God." She then applied to a Franciscan Friar, and told him what Mr. Hogan had Baid. The Friar reported Mr. Hognn's conduct as a proof of his " Heresy," for whioh, says Mr. Hogan "this Friar and the Bishop of the diocese solemnly cursed me from the head to the toe-nails." ThiB was done in the follow ing words: — " By the authority of God Almighty , the JFather , Son and Holy Ghost, and of the Holy and undejiled Virgin Mary, mother and patroness of our Saviour, and of all the Celestial Virtues, Angels, Archangels, Thrones, Dominions, Powers, Cherubim and Seraphim, and of the Holy Patriarchs, Prophets, and of all the Apostles, and Evangelists, of the Holy Innocents, who, in the sight of the Lamb are found worthy to sing the new song, of the Holy Martyrs and Holy Confessors , and of all the Holy Virgins, and of all saints, together with the holy elect of God, may he, William Hogan, he damned. " We excommunicate and anathematise him, and from the threshold of the Holy Ohnrch of God Almighty we sequester him, that he may be tormented, disposed, snd be delivered over with Datban and Abiron, and with those who say unto the Lord God, Depart from us, for we desire none of Thy ways. As fire is quenched with water, so let the light of him be put out for evermore, unless it shall repent him, and make satisfaction. Aaieu. " May the Father who created man, curse him. — May the Son who suffered for us, curse him. — M»y the Holy Ghost who was given to ub in Baptism, curse him.- May the Holy Gross, which Christ for our salvation triumph ing over His enemies ascended, curse him. " May the Holy and E ernal Virgin Mary, mothir of Gi-d, lurae him. — M> S . Miohael, the advocate of holy souls, curse him. — May all the AngelB, Principalities, and Powers, and all Heavenly armies, onrse him. — May the praiseworthy mnltitnde of Patriarohs and Prophets, onrse him. " May St. John, the forerunner and Baptizer of Christ, and St. Peter, and St. Pani, and St. Andrew, and .all other of Christ's Apostles, together enrse him. — And may the rest of His disciples and evangelists, who by tb6ir preaohing converted the universe, and the wonderful company of martyrs and o mfessors, who by their holy works are found pleasing to God Almighty, enrae him. " May the choir of the Holy Virgins, who for the hononr of Christ, have despised the things of the world, damn him. — May all the Saints from the beginning of the world to everlasting ages, who are found to be beloved of God, damn him. "May he be damned wherever he be, whether in the honse, or in the stable, the garden, or the field, or the highways, or in the woods, or in the waters, or in the chnrob. " May he be cursed in living and in dying. May he be onraed in eating and in drinking, in being hnngry, in being thirsty, in fasting, in Bleeping, in slumbering, and in sitting, in living, in working, in resting, and blood letting. " May he be onraed in all the faculties of hiB body. " May he be onraed inwardly and outwardly I May he be cursed in his brains, and in hiB vertex, in his temples, in his eyebiowe, in hie cheeks, in his jawbones, in his nostrils, in hiB teeth and grinders, in hia lips, in hie throat, in his shoulders, in hia arms, in his fingers. "May he be damned in his mouth, in hiB breastB, in hia heart and pnrtenance, down to the very atomacb. May he be cursed in his reins, in hiB groinB, in hia thighs, in his genitals, in his hips, in his knees, in his feet, and in his toe-nails. " May he be cursed in all the joints and articulations of hia members — from the crown of hie head to the soles of his fe t may there be no soundness. "May the Son of the living God with all the glory of His Maj -»ty curse him 1 And may Heaven with all the powers that move therein, rise up aguinst him and curse and damn him nnlesa he repent and make satisfaction 1 - Amen. Sr tie it. Be it so. Amen." Great bush fires are raging in tho Gilgandra district, clonds of amokc being visible in all direotione. 