Items xrf Jfjtetos. The Amalgamation of Offices Question.— The Hon. A W.Cooke, Mi.C„ joins with the Hon. Nathan Thornley and the Hon. -Agar -Wynne, in condemning the amalgamation of offices proposal in regard to Hamilton. The Hon. S.W. Cooke writes: — " It would be a minminm of economy with a maximum of inconvenience, and I would be glad to help in resisting the change." We think that the matter could not be more tersely and pointedly put. . Glbnblg £3hibe ,oodncil Election. — Our Casterton correspondent writes : — " The north riding Aire Section is being contested by Mr. Bond and Mr. MTherson. The former held a meeting at Chetwynd on Friday, at Knighfs hotel, and met with a good reception. Me. -proceeded -afterwards to Dergholm, but owing: to . insufficient notice scarcely any one attended: "Mr. M'Pheraon has held no public meetings, but has, with his friends, made an extensive personal-, canvass, and the polling, which takes place to-morrow, is expected to be pretty close. ... Hamiiiton P. and A Socm&v;'s Show. — Mr. Wiggins, the secretary of the Hamilton P. and A Society, and the com mittee are beginning in earnest te'-pamfcze for the forthcoming show to be held on the 14th . end 15th September. Yesterday a sab-committee consisting of Messrs. W. Forsyth, I. H. Tatioek, Ingram (surveyor), John Thomson and the secretary, made a tour of the show ground and inspected the new shed which has been bought of the Exhibition committee to he used as a dog and pig shed. Messrs. Greed Bros, have removed the structure and pat it down on toe site which it is intended to occupy. It is calculated that toe shed, will accommo date 150 dogs and 30 pigs. The committee afterwards adjourned to toe Town Ball and approved of Mr. Ingram's plans, which will be submitted to toe next general meet ing. Hamilton Host club. — The second meet of the Hunt. Clnb wiU take place to morrow (Wednesday) afternoon, toe country chosen for toe run fating toe paddocks off toe Digby, road, in toe vicinity of the Ynle- cart achool-house. The himters -win meet t ladf-past two o'clock, and toe torow-eff Will : be made in Mr. J. Henry's paddock. Persons attending to view the hnnt in vehicles will .get a splendid view ot the principal jumps from toe hfll near, the school-house. Battle FiaiNG-Oaptain Nether- cote, win hold a parade of the kmiiw, (Joleraine, Donkeld, Portland, Myamyn, Branxholme and Penshnrst rifle clubs tomorrow, on toe Eierrepoint rifle ranges, when the men will be exercised in batSe-firing. A number of cabs will be in readiness in front of toeeecretary's office to take toem to toe butts, and a start will be made at 1:30 p.m. "As this is toe first battle-firing parade held by an officer from headquarters, it is' to be hoped tout there wOl be a good muster. ; ; - Hamilton Bottee Faotoht. — The ffirejtom pf/Hie HumUcm ) uid District Baiter Factory Co:, . Limited, "met on Saturday, when another stage was reached m connection with toe arranging of several details. We understand toat a very large number of applications ror shares hate 6Mne in. The only, diffifiuljy will be to obtuinaBuftsJbtetite for toe factory. \- "st-' John Ambulance Association. -We have reotived from-Mr. -p. ; Bertold, toe local hon. secretary, toe ninth -annual report at toe - Yictorum -Centre of the St. John Amhulanoe Asaotiation. The Council P»I Btogfasa .progress during thefirst tengatoe number of'toose whd ifave j -fully qualified toemaelves, b> iwda«BaBt Alaj'»-bi a total of 156. In consideration of valuable gratuitous services rendered to the Association, Dr. Samuel Connor, of Ooleraine, others, has boin made an ho. — notice toat duringtff1 meoler. w, Aril, 12, there wefc 3 ton or Ooleraine, white « HS1 pupile were certdfioated. S,J?"®tal7 to . made to establish thrS .ott durmg toe winter months fn» P8 toio doubt as to the advantages whick ' to «« to eve person to I took place in this colony H when toe Holy Scriptures were H from toe State B 218 80,1001 1»oks « tanned, the name of the Lord jJlfl0®- was removed. In a time Hi rabid secularism which prevaikf 103 H country, this unseemly thwali? «« H was done he regretted tH?y W P man and a Preebyterian. irt o administered the Education Act I ministries, of which persons bel eftl toe Presbyterian Church were ll1" H prominent members, nothimr »Sr7a ! throng them, to rectify H mistake committed, to name and teaching of tbTit?- H to their former pfice in tt, H hooks used by PtT7 good work, however, had at l,ZS H been done torough toe insbnmmtafe H a member of the Legislature who wSrf H different form offon faSftJJ H whose sernoes should he men&S; H greatfolly acknowledged. ."i H Sr„?uLo£lllo6tate'as TS, receive religious instricfiS H from th? H her of sects which existed in theTX.-?; H which appeared to be increasing XS H not be dime in the Btate'asfanohT a. t H I TtTedTXS1 I public schools were now to pass awav if, for toe sake of toe coSSy come, rdigious instruction obtained I place to which it was entitled H X easing Land and Sale of Stoct I —Some valuable farms and prevm- S mdudmg a portion of CondahRLT? wiU be leased at Clarke's Hotel, CoS on Weffiiesday next by Mesaw. Luna Jellie and Co.. under instructions fromM? B. M'Caitoy , of Breakaway Creek. At 9 the same tame a lame qnantity of ctife 9 sheep, and horses wifl be offered at lit f 9 Clarke's yards. Fall particulars will £ 9 found in our advertising columns. Ontti s.me day Mr. G. Dilnot, win seU ta auction at Clarke's Hotel, Condah. senJ allotments of agricultural land. I Me. Speight in a New ctumcra I — If we are to put any credence in (he I statements of onr lively contempoi m 4b Mellteuree HeroH, M/ SpeighfSf I sentiy burst upon the world in a toMr new character. The paper in question rl ports toat toe " railway officials of >11 I grades have definitely decided among them- I seines on giving a substantial testimonial to I Mr. Speight," and it further remarks Hat " they will go further, and at the fint op. I portunity invite Mr. Speight to oppose Dr I Maloney as toe member for West Mel' I bourne." But why should Mr. Sptighft I friends pick out the little doctor to rnntadz I man against? Why not persuade him to I break a lance with Mr. Wheeler, or— better I still —Mr. Shiels himself ? It would tea I strange thing to see Mr. Speight tiffingin I Parliament, criticising the government o! I toe railways with which he has been of late I so unpleasantly connected. I A "Golden Wedding —On Friday I last, the 10th of Jane, Mr. and Mrs. Wilham I Kirkwood, of Buckley, observed the jubilee I of their marriage. A large nnmber of ihar I friends and neighbors assembled in their I house to congratulate them on the eventfel I day. Their five children and twenty grail- I children were also present, and cordially I joined in the good wishes which til ei- I pressed. Their minister, the Eer. J. S. I Macmiilan, conveyed to Mr. and lira I Kirkwood toe hearty congratulations of til I their friends. He spoke of their long sal I happy married life, of their good erample I in the community, of the esteem in whirl I they were held by all their acqnaintenoea I and hoped they might live together for I many years, and attain to their diamond I wedding. Mr. Kirkwood, on hehall olbhn — ir I u i;:.: : unln.nn.ln8«8 IV. kind address that hid just been spoken, and I the good wishes of all their friends. The I interesting proceedings were dosed vriit prayer by the minister. The whole con- pany joined in singing, "Should sold H acquaintance be forgot," and passed the day in partakiag of toe generous hospitality id Mr. and Mrs. Kirkwood. Skating. — There was a good attea- I dance at toe Town Hall on Saturday even' I ing, when toe Football Club started a I skating rink, which will be kept going 1 during toe winter. Great fan was created I by toe efforts of many of the doughty | champions of toe national game to maintain I their equilibrium upon the exceedingly I slippery support afforded by the skates. I end many and hard were the shock 1 sustained during toe evening. It is notified I that the rink will also be open to-morror I (Wednesday) evening, so that all who eseap I downfalls at the hunt may, as the song I says, " get there all the same." I : A Smart Young Thadesmf— i It is always gratifying to see our young I townsmen setting up in business for thm- I stives amongst us. It is a healthy sign I and deserves to be encouraged. Mr. I Charles Phillips, son of Mr. Phillips, I florist and seedsman, Gray -street, has I just started on his own account as s I painter, house decorator and sigo writer, I having apparently learnt his trade wiis great croau xrom sir. e. rucnarus. « i afford toe inhabitants generally > I "demonstrative proof of his capabilities, he has painted a sign to be put up over ho shop, which has considerable artistic fflent Rising phoenix-like from a cornucopia, in stead of from a cinder-heap, is the figure of a man bearing a patette and brashes in his left hand. The face of the figure is very successfully delineated and quite artishculj painted. The sign as a whole indicates test the executant is a man more than ordinarily capable in his craft and m hope his career as a Hamilton tradesman will prove a long and a prosperous one. Hamilton Police Coubt.— th<& Winter, an old offender with nine convictions against him, pleaded guilty » having been drunk and disorderly on Satur day night. ' Be took toe Bench into Jus con fidence, telling them that he had had a pain in his back and to make it better he took a dose of spirits, inwardly, with the melan choly result above stated. Whether sn m- ward application of spirits ever removes the pain in his back has not been ststel, but it is a notorions fact that it loosens ws tongue to an alarming degree, for a m«s insulting fellow it would be hard to Sud- The Bench took a very lenient view oirns case and sentenced him to seven days sn prisonment without the option of a quiet hint that a fine would be "i acceptable and would be promptly met, disrritrarded by the Bench. Messrs. Jss. Wiggins and A Christie, J's.r., were presiding magistrates. Wheat Growing.— The men w groduce wheat for the pext generation o the rich men, observes a Wyoming pap»- Wheat fa toe wealth-makerof the fctu» It- has been too cheap to product i for J years. The other extreme is upW Consumption of wheat has production. There are no more Goyw ment acres fa) snbdne for its pro"'00: toe increase in the population of teew increases its consumption over bushels per year, to toe near future www will sell in toe farmers' granaries at He®1 two to three dollars per bushel. The Reason Why.— The for toe sudden backing down of ment, foreshadowed in Sir Graham speech of Thursday, June 2nd, ByeTabU Tali, to be the adveree da of the Crown Law advisers on the maw» of toe suspension of the CkiiMiiesii®, atfaw - much Consultation to? luminaries, toe weitot of inBt ae ,nn- Ji msladoiiiiS' Unless inoompetenoe, be for toe term rf. bis .«BSW®nfi,ftdd I nndcr these drenmstanoes ; acompronnse I « «orAnaarv for the enstenoe of the I for if suocessfol in Parliament the I Mfotetiy would be defeated in the Supreme I JJSJt The Members of the Legislative I rSuneil are all very dissatisfied with the I compromise, and so are many more mem- I S the Assembly than those who voted I Snst it. There is no donbt the Govern- I JSnt ha« been weakened by the mcident, I nd if it were not for the determined I Jrioort of that influential section of the I „£munity resolved to have no poUtical I Hr.kerines until the Victorian finances are I in order, there would have been a very I open demonstration of opposition to the I government. I tor T.akd Act. — Leases approved: I w Miller, Dopewora ; H. Prange. Wail ; I p." Selkirk, Nullan; C. Smith, Goroke; I w Schunke, Arapiles; Jeannie Wright, I Wallnp ; and W. Wyatt, Eewell East. The I transfer of a lease from J. Ellis, jun., to I Catherine Toohey, for 150 acres in the I parish of Nagwarry, has been sanctioned. I What Things Havi: Come To.- — i a few days ago a mob of the unemployed I rnssing along the north side of Bonrke- I itreet to deputationise the Ministry espied I the ex- chsinnan of the Railway Commis- I sioners returning from Parliament-honse on . I the sonth side of the street. Doubtlessays I ' Oriel" in the Argut, there was that in his mien which caused them to reflect with I shame upon their own fickleness as a portion I of the many -headed public. In an instant animosities were forgotten. "Come on, Speight !" they cried, waving grimy hands I in invitation across tie street. " Come on, I old man, and fall in. You're one of us." The overture may have been clumsily ex- I pressed, but it was probably well meant, I and the ex-chairman, who tells the story, I confesses that be was moved. i A Medical Ghost. — Table Talk I snpplies the following : — " In a new country I like Victoria one would have thought that I haunted houses would be an impossibility. I There is scarcely a building in the country more than 50 years old, and for a ghost to I Bettle in a house almost before the plaster is I dry, is an idea so prosaic that even the in- I genioas compiler of Stead's true ghost I stories would refuse to accept such a state- men! as conclusive proof of the fact. 21 I persons only imagined they heard a ghost I they would locate the Bound in a more I romantic place. Yet there are sundry I people in Melbourne ready to aver that the I late Dr. George Beaney has taken to revisit I jng the rooms he built for himself some five I years ago in Collins- street.So long as Crom- I well House was empty the ghost stole about I nnnoticed,bnt now that Dr. O'Hara has pnt I np his brass plate on the door lintekand his I gurgical instruments in the consulting I room, the ghost of the diamond doctor is I averred to pervade the rooms. Just about I midnight the gasalier is beard to shake, as I if someone were getting oat of bed, then the bath tap sounds as if it were running, I though when the door is open the tap is I fonnd turned off and the bath dry. The I mental impression of " a presence" is felt I by the believers in the unseen on going into I the late doctor's stndy, and altogether until I the cock crows there is the uncanny sensa- I tion that the doctor is there, immaterialised, perhaps drinking immaterialised cham- I pagne, taking immaterialised guineas from I ghostly patients, and altogether taking ad- I vantage of im materialisation to amuse I servant-maids and enjoy himself in his old way." Shocking Death of a Lad. — A I sad and fatal accident occurred at Fram- I lingham on Saturday last. The Warrnam- M liool Standard states Two lads left I home with the intention of trying to shoot I some game, hut they had not gone more H than a quarter of a mile before the accident H happened, which resulted in the death of the elder boy, who is named John Al rvenzie, and who was only 15 years of age. It was B about two o'clock in the afternoon when the boys went away, and they proceeded B through the adjacent paddocks in search of B hares. The younger lad dropped behind B his brother, and was proceeding to examine B his gun when the charge exploded. The B contents lodged in the thigh of the other B lad, and the blood flowed ont of a terrible wonnd in his hip. The screams of the lad B who had been the unwilling cause of the B accident, attracted the attention of the re B l&tives;, and the father ran to the spot to B find his boy lying on the ground in great B agony. With all possible haste a vehicle B was obtained, and the injured lad was con- B teyed to the Warrnambool hospital. They B heid out- no hope of recovery, and the boy H gradually sank and died at half past 4 B o'clock on Sunday morning. A Deab Rabbit. — "At Hadding- ton (Scotland) Sheriff Conrt, on Monday." Gaye a local Scotch paper of last month, '-before Sheriff Shirreff, Thomas Sheddon, H labourer, Wayside Cottage, Tranent, was charged under the Foaohing Prevention Act with being fonnd on the public road near Fort Seton having in his possession a H rabbit there was reason to think he bad taken nnlawf ally. Police-Constable Stephen deposed to searching accused, and faking H from him a rabbit which had been lately H killed. Accused had also in his possession & donble-barrelled gun (produced). George H Bell, gamekeeper, Gosford, gave corrobora- tive evidence. For the defence, it was stated in evidence by yonng men wbo had been in the defendant's company that the rabbit bad been found by the roadside, but on several points the evidence did not agree. H The Sheriff held the charge proved, and in- H fiicted a modified penalty of 10s or tix days, H file gnn being forfeited." H In one year in the United States, nolfewer than 60,484 persons were divorced. H A vacancy for a first female assistant H exists in the State school at Fort Fairy. H Another post-office official has been caught red-banded opening lettera and stealing H contents. This time at Geelong.' Persona interested in the Batter Factory movement are requested to attend a meeting H at Moorman's Hotel, Penshnrst, at 2 o'clock on Friday next. Tenders are invited for rabbit extirpation H in the parishes of Harrow, Connewirricoo H and Eadnook. Tenders will be received rip H to the 21st inst. Snnflower oil, which is said to be of bright H yellow colour, odonrless and tasteless, is H superseding olive oils throughout Southern Rossis for domestic purposes. The printers of Melbourne are arranging for an entertainment in aid of their unem- ployed brethren, and a feature of the affair will be a type- setting contest. A man named Martin was killed on the railway line near Corowa on Saturday moro- I jf' He slipped off some trucks which were tang shunted, and was run over by them. I It has been derided that Victoria will H take part in the intenmlonial conference which is being arranged ' on the qnestion of introducing colored labor into Queensland. H The R.C. Bishop of BaUarat wae to have visited Hamilton on Snnday next, for the purpose of confirming several children, but His lordship is Buffering from a severe H illness, and the visit is indefinitely post- H poned. H The Victorian Football Association have H decided to apologise to the S. A. Association, te the want of courtesy shown to' the recent visitors from the sister colony, and to state at the same time that there will -be no re- enrrence of the discourtesy. ; H Another of the Eureka Stockade heroes died on Friday in the person of John btarenaon, of Nelson-street, Balforot- East, Kh for a number of years has been employed ? forester on the BaUarat Water- Commis- sion reserves. The deceased was -62 years of He. H Messrs. Laidlaw and Fenton (in con- junction with Messrs. K.-B. Bree and Uo.) I If offer by public auction at their yards, to-morrow (Wednesday) 1,700 6- Jooth merino wethers. These «heep ara B rirge-framed well-svoolled, and in -good oon- htian, and will be sold in lots bo snit I Sandfoid correspondent Jwrites B Mr. J. Little informs me that he lias got B ?ack an answer about the hemp plant Svhich he sent to the Minister of Agtmntore forlrn B "Pawn upon. It was sent by the Depart- B p6"1 to a rope mannfoctnret to try it, and fl H,.flreP?rted it to be of good quality, but a B Xr to roarse, a faolt which can be B ohpated by sowing thn plsnt thicker." ; - 