'THBOTTGH TBIUK AM) THIN.' BY THE AUTHOE OF a«IY wife obi, ssxs. [all eights besebved.] (Commenced in the Evin nro News, August 10.) CHAPTEE XXXIIL— tCoNTOTTJED.) Lady Winifred took the letter and opened it with, a curious feeling — halt fear, half hope in her heart Mr. Lynn's -writing -was old-fashioned, clear, and easily Tead, ?' Montcalm Hotel, Quelaec, June 29, 18 — . ' My Dear Lady Hutnerford — I am writing to your husband by this same mail, but I address you also in case his lordship should 'be away from. Tredenach, and my news will hardly keep. I expect to be in England almost as soon as this I letter, but you must know before I see you I what I have to tell. My business has kept I me rather longer out here than I expected I or intended it should, bat it has been well I spent. Did you ever try to imagine what I that bueinesB was P or that it had any rela I tion to you or yours ? Has it ever occurred I to you that there might have been a poa I sible mistake about the terrible tragedy I that brought such sorrow upon you? I have had my doubts for some time, and when more than a year ago I heard of a person in London of whom, your old servant knew, I followed up a clue, only to lose if; again 'and to hear of the same person's death out here in Canada at the same time that I picked it up. I determined to see out all there was to be found, and I came here. You have borne sorrow bravely for many a year; bear joy now aad hope for the future as bravely. There was no death on those cruel rocks — your son is alive, 'and within a v«ry short time from your reading this letter you will clasp him to your heart again. I will not waste words on con gratulations. You know I sympathise with you most fully ; I wiH bring him back to you instead of talking. You may thank an old man named Luke Scantleberry for Eric's life. He was an eye-witness of all that passed on the rocks that day, and at the risk of his life he rescued your boy. If Lady Winifred had not been so frightened, and the other person who was there so intent on getting away quickly, they could not have helped seeing all that took place. Luke rowed Eric, not knowing quite whether he was alive or dead, out to a fishing smack — he will tell yon whose, and he was taken to Marazion, and from there got away to London as soon as he was well enough to travel, for he was badly hurt ; there he presently joined the fire brigade. Mrs. Bruce and Miss Rivera (yon see I know all about that young lady), can tell you more about that part of his history than I can. He was sent to Canada as one of the best London men, so you can be proud of him in that way, to teach some technical matters to the colonial men, and from there Mrs. Bruce and Miss Rivers got the news of his death. He was off duty, but a fire happened at which he assisted with an acquaintance, who had donned his coat in the Hurry of their excitement — at least, that is what I gather from what he can remember now, and who was killed by a falling wall, and buried with honors instead of him. Eric was taken up in sensible and conveyed to the hospital, where, coming to himself, he lost all the years that had passed betw«en that other mishap at home and the fire wiiere he was struck down. He fell into the hands of one of the cleverest and most humane men that it was ever my lot to meet, to whom ha was very useful, and who always felt that what was wanting in his mind would come back to it some time and set things straight. Eric fancied that Luke Scantleberry had somehow got him to America. I might never have discovered him, but that one of his old comrades had Seen him more than once, and fancied it Has his ghost. I had been questioning the men, and they rather liked me, I think ; anyway, this one, a great, soft-hearted, giant, came to me with his troubles, and asked my advice. I suggested that I should go and see the ghost too. I did, and found Eric. ' He will tell you all about it himself. I had to wait some little time before I felt that I could tell you the great news ; we ?were terribly afraid of the effects of the Bhock. He was very ill indeed for a week, but he is quite himself now, and I look to the voyage to set him up. I can hardly blame him, poor lad, for hiding1 himself as he did ; you know as well as I do what provocation there was. I think he is very happy in the knowledge that things are different at home, and that his mother's life has been brightened by the presence of the woman he hopes to make his wife. The story of that love afEair is quite a little idyl, which the two moBt concerned must tell you for themselves. We are bringing back with us a comrade of Eric's, a right good, lad, who also belongs to a good family, Frank Hf ord by name. I dare say you have heard of them. His mother -was a Granby of Taunton. I am going to set him on his legs again in London. The wild oats are sown, and your boy and he are inseparable, like Damon and Pythias. Theobald will have sent you some money bv the time you get this ; come to London to Long's, and wait for xis there. We will tafee train from Liverpool. Enclosed a note from Lord Neath. « Yours faithfully, . ««? Fbancis Lnra,* The mother laid tho letter down and took up the inclosuxe ; it was not long, bat it was enough. 'Mother, darling, forgive me,' was the burden of its contents; and Lady Rutherford clasped Winifred to her bosom, and wept oat her joy till she was calm. It was some one else who took her ? hand when she raised her head after the first burst of agitation was passed, and she looked up -to see her husband stand ing beside them, the traces of a shock on his face also. ' Don't cry, Maude,' he said in a won derfully softened voice, and the sound of her name from, his lips Beemed strange 1 and unnatural ; ' things -will change now j . this shall make me a better fellow as far as you are concerned. We 'will go to London : together.' This was a great deal for the earl to ' say, and his wife was very thankfuL And Lady Winifred, leaving the room, and closing the door on what she felt to be a reconciliation between them, was met by her brother, who had come home for something he wanted. Aeked roughly ' what the deuce all the snivelling was about,' ehe told him the news, where upon he swore a big oath and. ruBhed out of the house, nor was he to be found when the preparations were made for their going to London. CHAPTER XXXIV. — His Angel. The news of the fortune that had fallen, to Marion Rivers was received with plea sure by all who knew her except one. Sir Paul Cheeney, very low in the social scale by this time, cursed freely when he read of it in the newspapers, where it -was duly chronicled. He was out of England — the only way he could keep out of prison — and he -was alone. His wife had returned to her father and declined to have anything more to do with him. His sister had. mar ried, and her husband dressed her like a duchess and treated her well on one condi tion — that her brother should be as one dead to her and to everyone about his household. And Estelle, loving herself better than anything in this wide world, consented to the arrangement, and sent Sir Paul a little help now and then, and washed her hands of him altogether. He had attempted to retrieve his fallen fortunes by what -he called a speculation and a grand coup ; his friends had givan it a harsher name, seeing that he had to flee the country forthwith when the details of the scheme became known. He was honestly glad to find that Marion was not dead : but he ground his teeth in impotent anger at the thought of her being a rich woman. She thought of him sometimes, and wondered whether they would ever meet. She need have had no fear — Sir Paul Chesney had dropped out of her path for ever. She and Mrs. Bruce wept joyful tears over the letter that Mr. Forsych had brought ; it was the same, in fact, as the one Mr. Lynn had written to the countess, and there was a tiny enclosure from Lord Neath him self, which she kept to read when she was alone — like the letter that had enclosed the ring, it was for no other eyes. How she laughed and wept all at once over the senseless bit of paper, how Bhe kissed it as if it were a living thing, no one saw but herself. She could not answer it ; it called for no reply. He -was coming — coming 1 She could think of nothing else. ' I will not offer any excuse for writing,** the scrap began abruptly. ' The letter that was delivered to you when my com rades all thought they had buried me must be my apology. What I wrote than I can only repeat now. My first thought when I woke out of the strange lethargy that had come over me was your sweet name. Ah! Marion, I hardly dare hope that you will have any room in your heart for me, I shall come to you, dear, as soon as I have seen my mother. I know all she owes to you, and if anything could make me love you better it is the thought of what you have done to brighten her life.' ' It is like a dream,' Mrs. Brace said, when she could talk of what had happened ; ' and yet, somehow, I could never quite believe that my boy waa dead. I am thank ful to know that h*- will be master at Tredenach. His brother, poor lad. would have made a sorry business of reigning there.' Lord Neath had not returned when, at length, all their preparations made, the earl and countess, with Lady Winifred, started for London. Lady Rutherford was very uneasy aboat him ; but her husband told her he was sure all things would come right. ' It has been a shock to him,' he said ; ' and no wonder. He expected to be every thing, and this will make him nothing; he will feel nasty for a bit — nastier than 'Ric would have done if the thing was re versed.' Jf I hope he will do nothing rash,' ' Not he,' the earl said. ' He loves him self too dearly for that.' He sighed as he spoke ; his eon was what his teaching and example had made him, and better things could hardly be expected of him. He had not the same fears which, troubled the countess, he knew the lad's nature too well. Their doubts concerning him were set at rest when they arrived in London. They found two letters for them at Long's— one announcing the death of the old lady from whom, the for tune was coming, which their son had been so ardently hoping for, the other from the young gentleman himself. It was hurriedly written, aad had no signature, looking as if the time to spare could be counted by seconds, and his mother broke down over it and cried as if he were dead. ' I can only snatch a minute,*' the queer scrawl said, ** to tell yon that I am oft Don't worry about me. America is the first place I am going to. I will write from there. I cannot stay at home to see any one else take what I have so long thought my own, and it will fall in directly now. I know that, and I ca¬ face my brother. He knows why. When I do came back maybe he will have come to think less of it. I was mad ; tell him that, and forget all about me. It is the best thing that any of you can do,' That was all, and it Beemed to Poor Lady Rutherford as if it were all ehe would ever hear of her son. But in a very few days a clever detective had ascertained all there -was to tell of the young man's movements; he had really gone to America, and would, arrive in New York in about a fortnight. ' It is best so,' the earl said to his wife when the news reached them; ** far better that he should be away from us for a time. In a Tear or two the horrible knowledge that Winnie here was right in what she said will have worn, off, -and we ?hall be able to meet him again withont a thought of sorrow.' Lord. Rutherford -was too reBtle'ss to remain in London; and lie hurried to Liverpool, leaving his wife and daughter in town to meet and welcome Bib son. The time seemed an age while he loirered there for the big ship that was bringing the party across ; but she came at last, stately and swift with her living freight, and with the first to board her and welcome their friends went the earL ' He hardly knew the tall figure that came forward with a glad cry from beside Mr. Lynn to . greet him, and their hand clasp was a silent one, for neither of them could apeak. ' My mother,' at length said the young man in a broken voice, ' whereis she P' '? In London, my boy, -waiting for you, at Long's. I -would not let her come with me. Winnie is with her.' ' Winnie — in London I It sounds like a fairj tale,' Eric eaid, ' and at Long's P' ' Yes ; we didn't trouble Long's much in the old day's Lord Rutherford said with a laugh, and then turning to Mr. Lynn he greeted him heartily and said in a low tone, *? the old lady is dead at last, and the boy has goae away — said he could not meet his brother.' ' You may be glad of that,' the lawyer said ; ' it shows that he has feeling and the sense to be sorry ; it will do him good. When did the old lady die P' ' Two days ago.' ' Then it is time I was at home ; there will be work to do. This is the lad of ?whom I wrote to her ladyship — -the Pythias to Eric's Damon — Frank Hf ord by name.' The earl shook hands with the young man, and greeted him warmly. He knew something of his family, and he begged him not to drop the acquaintance so pleasantly begun, and Eric Westover stared at his father in amazement — he was so changed from the father he had known before he went away. He felt as if he must be dreaming as they all 'jour- neyed to town together. Arrived at Long's, Mr. Lynn bade them adieu. '? You -won't want me to-night,' he said, *? I will be with you early to-morrow,' and he and his companion drove off to the kindly old lawyer's house to rest and recruit. Eric Westover felt like a man walking is. his sleep as he was ushered into the hotel and followed his father upstairs. When he left home the scantiest provision and the inost threadbare dress had been the family portion ; now the earl was dressed as became a gentleman, and the mother that rose to receive him was a well-dressed, if . faded-looking woman. Lord Rutherford said nothing ; he saw the long-lost son folded in his mother's arms, with W-inifred hanging on to one of his hands, and remarking only ' I have brought him, Maud,' he shut the door on that meeting. ? * # * * Marion Rivers was alone in her morning room at Briarholme ; she had taken pos session without any fuss, and had come down with her- old friend and Mr. Chichester, who had been found out by many an advertisement and inquiry, to act as chaperon ; it was pleasant to have old friends like these' about her, and she was doing good too. Mrs. Caich ester had fallen on evil days since she left the banker's house ; she had not been able to place herself anywhere to her advantage, and her money had melted like snow in sunshine. She was living very poorly in obscure lodgings when the welcome sum mons from her old pupil reached her, and she came once more to happiness and com fort. ' I should so like to get in without any fuss,' she said. ' When I know the people, and they know me, we will have a merry making together. Do you think they will put off all the bell ringing and the rest of it till then ?' Mr. Forsyth told her that she was mistress, and should do just as she pleased. He quite understood that she was in that state of mental excitement that could not bear anything just now/and he managed for her so that no one was offended, and the few persons who knew about her coming, and called upon her, -were delighted with the new mistress of the pretty old house. Mrs. Chichester hardly understood the position — she was slightly mystified about Richard Dent. Marion gravely announced that she was going to marry the fireman, when her old governess questioned her upon the subject, and the good lady could hardly understand it. She had seen nothing in the young man but a very ordinary fireman, and how he could be an earl's son, and be in the brigade, was beyond her to understand. ' You will understand all about it, dear, very soon,' Marion said ; ' he is coming.' It -was a bright, sunshiny day, and the soft air -was rustling the long lace curtains and lifting Marion's hair, as she sat in a reverie thinking all sorts of things. There was something in this pretty room that reminded her of the library of Penlutha, and her dead father came into her mind -when the song of the birds and the breath of the flowers. She thought of the old times in London when she was so careless and so happy, and it seemed as if she heard her father's footstep, and a tread sounded on the gravel outside. A voice outside said: ' In here, did you say?' and a tall form entered through the nearest window. She rose hastily. She did not know 'what she would have said — nothing perhaps, for her. heart was beating tumultuously. She made a step forward — there was some thing in her face, perhaps, that gave en couragement — for a pair of strong arms were thrown around her, and she was held in a clasp that told of protection and love that were very sweet to feel. , ' My darling,' whispered the voice Bhe remembered so well — ' mine from the very first moment of our eyes meeting when'y ou singled me oat. Look up and speak to me — give me the answer to my harried words.' She did look up, and her eyes Bpoke, and there was no need of -words. The moments flew, as moments will under such dream.' stances — love does not count time — and then Eric said' — . ** They -trill think I am lost. I insisted on seeking yon for myself,' « They?— who?' **? My mother and Winnie.' He opened the door and called them, and Marion was embraced, and kissed again and again, and could hardly believe her eyes at the sight of Lady Rutherford and Wini fred dressedas became their rank. And then after awhile Mrs. Bruce came in, and there was more crying and embracing, till they were all -a little more calm, and were all able to think and talk; A proud and happy girl was Marion, as she flitted about' with Mrs. Chichester 'and her ally, Mrs. Brace, inftidng Arrangements for the comfort of her guests- — for she would not bear of their leaving ; and Eric laughed, and declared that if she kept bis mother and sister, he should have to telegraph for the earl and Mr. Lynn* ffa was bidden to do «o forth with, and by night the earl was there also, bringing excuses from the lawyer, who would come down on the morrow. 'Is this my other daughter?' -Lord Rutherford said, as Marion shyly lifted her face and let him kiss her, *MnViTig oddly of that morning of terror in Regent-street, when he had seemed to her the embodi ment of all that was eviL ' Ie this the countess that is to be some day ?' ' Yes, sir,' Eric said ; ' your daughter as soon as she will say the word. Not the countess, I hops, for many a long year to come.' It was her housewarming party, Marion said, when ? the next morning the two lawyers put in an appearance to talk busi ness, and make various arrangements. Eric Westover was rich enough now to satisfy anyone, and renovations and repairs were to be set about at Tredenach imme diately. The real houeuw arming at Brierholme came about some few months later, when there was a pretty wedding in the old church by the park gates, and Marion Rivers ' gave her hand, with her heart in it,' to the man she had loved so long. People talked— as people will about things they do not understand — and no one seemed quite to know who the best man was. That he was a gentleman everybody could see ; that he admired Lady Winifred Westover very much everyone fancied. He signed his name Frank Ilford in the book, but that told nothing. Another matter exercised the minds of the simple country folks, viz., the presence of a company of strong looking, resolute men, who appeared from somewhere in a body, headed, by a big, good-tempered looking fellow, who -wept over the service, and shouted himself hoarse afterwards when the bride and bridegroom -went a-way. Ho turned up afterwards in a post of trust about the estate, and was addressed as ' Mr. Rutley, sir,' by the workpeople and peasants — a fact which seemed to please him highly. Time does not stand still, and it sped quickly by over Marion and her husband — Lord Neath still, though his father's hair is very white now and his mother is a bent and bowed old woman. The earldom is very near now ; but Marion has no ambition to be a countess — she is happy in her hus band and their boys — two of them — and a tiny girl, who is curiously like the Lady Winifred of the old days. The present Winifred is a staid creature, with very little of the old wilfulness left, who is known in society as the Lady Winifred Ilford, and is spoken of sometimes as having married a nobody — though her husband is a very clever literary man, having made his mark in the sudden fashion which happens sometimes. The earl and countess live for the most part at Tredenach, where old Luke Scantle bury, past all work now, lives in the lodge and fancies that he keeps the gate. A visi tor flits to and from the old home now and then, a bronze and bearded man, who has travelled much and seen everything — a man refined and bettered by the rough life he has led, and who, since he clasped hands with the brother whom he once tried to lriU, has found life pleasant and home sweet. . Lady Rutherford says that every thing has come about through the sojourn of her daughter-in-law at Tredenach in the days that seem so far a-way now, and Eric, when his children want to know what an angel is, tells them to lookat their mother — she is the only one with whom he has any acquaintance. [the end. 3 