. ' lO'VE BETTER THIN SACRIFICE: IQmritWJ INTERNATIONAL CONFJJOTV Ot osoar park; CHAPTER XX. A CAMTtJLATION. Am t fexpsotsd to say that Ur.-Mowbray's n .'. .Isottossbotweinths departure of -Mr.Bardfck raoond appearance of Dormien were, '' 2? 'W'-WbHUum- And- painful ; nature f yhw Inmat dlstppofotf' >u expectation- so little' \- JmUAodbysn «o3ifin r'&doafcandliig; ;6f<-Ahb. u&xexy; daioKiv floimaezod- . v:« . wqugh the «rttbei£topfiomq. bog in- whloh ths' ' « r . . Aamoaa had left hlw stloklng, "and- spoodlly. : reswhed ground firm enough to bearhls weight. HA- bad eared tbo gilding, and, indeed, had added to It . fresh layer, whlcbt ,if aotoa thick an one aa he had hopes to - see, wm -yet immeasurably better j ,f than to : have the old gilding stripped, entirely; 2Lw7f ; What if - he had. failed to o verreach Mr. . » ;v Snraiok f .That, was a- mere incident, What if '.MhadfaUedtott&rryhiadzugbtorto; thomaa of : Jus onoloof Ife ooold the.vL.tbat impudent joung ' cnbaf»Uierth»erh6;oOnlff'gerod1Te.fy:wpllwitli-/ \ . \ m the support of Thomdoa and Son.. .What if ' , V- he was aboat to eat hls.own words toDormaeri?' .ft would bo.stnngsU vrlth hls niastery of words he oonld not j aggie eo effectually m to mako that J young man see that IbeearUer intervfow had been nothing more than a trial -ot the strength of his pnspoee and persistence, 'And at the worst John . WolsoyMowbray, bo reOtoted, mnit'atQl to ninety i nine one-hundredth of tbennlrene present nnlm I paired the Impotlng flgnre of atorrcno god snoaaod j / . Ob, ho I While It wonld have been a catlstaoUoa 1 without alloy. to hare' reaohed his goal by his own war. jet he had- cbmesdv perilously. near being .1 \- ootopelied or torn': back&to;«ther, that his dooinont emotion speedily, 'beoarae pne of eznl1 fatten that he sbohtd hare got so far without' " disaster. The habit ofaRfottsiesrosobtobeao ' . saaflv dlseonosrtod. -. There la moro bigotry in self \ . worship than'in any otherform of aarottan.- Pre ; servo the sabitao'eo and the incidents will get v thsasalvea harmohUedaomehow or other. In foot " now that Ur. Ho#bray dune to tnlnk It all over. - 1 hebocan tofasoy that he hid' really 'hoodwinked ; Hr. Burdlok very cleterly. Zndoed. too, he had f . quite made up hu mind to have nothing more to I do with the Thorado&f;, father add eon both, which would be qttlto lofflrientlr galling to thea l j and nowthatho was assured by a disinterested person that- Dormsen vu possessed of both good . birth and money, bb should have probably himself sleeted that young gsntleroan u a suitable husband : Cor Ma danghter,' If lor ncr other reason beoauso it would be wormwood to the Thorndons. Thus easy I andslmploitls.fof due, Who worships with us? whole soul, to 'not alone adgment such virtues as Ida Idol hie, bat to impose upon -it other'vlrtoa 1 which it has not. . I am Informed that yea wish to see me, Ur. I Mowbray," said' Dormssn, as. he entered that I gentleman'© sUting-room a seoond time thl») vailing, . I MAh, yes. Ifr. Bormsen I WOl yon Idndljr ho i Mated. After you bed left me some time ago I j hens to fear I bad been somewhat abrupt. Too | will oouf oca yourself, my dear sir, thal tho Sudden nose of your oommnnlmtion ana its nature ward, —oonslderiug my Ignorance oj your claims upon 1 my attention— such as oould not fall to reoohrs' from a father, whose, first ' thought U for his ' . daughter's hapnis if itot a distinct refusal, yet snob a' modified tone of &on;«sheonmgsasnt as -would -negative any presumption of aoqaieeosnos I on my x»rt without absolntely destroying hope on yours, until I oould make certain inqulriefl as , matter of oommeudable precaution."' Christopher Dormssn'o Imowldge of the Eog . bib tongue had T«y greatly ImproToa ip th«\ past ' winter, r.but he hadyet'-toleit what 'ootud'. bo ' r done with it when tho l effort was fairly xhade. i Howevor, though heoould nofihlmsolf haveframed 1 these eeatenow, yet he caught their purport very ' \- olearly . i "Am I to under stand, Mr. Mowbray, that yon did nQt iutond, a short time ago, to dtstluotry and , finally roftiso me your. oonsentl" .« Mr. Mowbray opened his eyes very widely; How -surprised he was' that any suoh interpretation could be pet on his earlier words. "Ob, by no moans, - Mr, 'Dorasenl" . And then he thought it well to be faostlone, and he- smiled in quite a confidential and engaging way; "Ah, my dear yonng friend, when I was at your age suoh nn interpretation would have been the very last . . ihptmy warm desires would .have suffered me to put upon laogoigo dfotetod solely by a father's . . worldly.prudenoa sod that affaotion wluoh. shrinks ( . from parting with a beloVed object. Ah," ha oon» tinned, lookioginto the fire with a mediLative gaze, . "I am on old'fashloned gentleman, Mr.' Dormson, j en yon see. I canuofe entertain the snbjeot of the dlsposalof my daughter's hand without a pang." ; . . Thore were reasons why Dormsen did not care to tnsko any audible reply to these— proofs, shall we call theaf of a parent's singleness off affection,' liut he oould with great troth assure ?Mr. How- 1 bray that the rejsotlon of his suit— for. so he hod uuaerstoodlt— had only postponod his pnrpooe not n»or whelmed It, ."I euppossd.yohr languge ad- . raitted qt but one oonatruotlon, Mr, Mowbray, but . 1 . ' I can assure you lb did not dishearten me.". ., ! "I amdolfghted to hear that assurance of tho . strength of your attachment, Mr. Dormaen. The aidour of the young, is always on .attractive 1 object of oontemplatlon to tho/m:wh6M.beartoage i has robbed of impetuous , fire, though giving in-' exchango perhaps a more " gopcroua depth o!( \- emotion, wo \ something in. your manuo? whon < ' yon left my room prompted mo to< ask myself ' " ' whether 1 had not possibly iapresied an dement ' ' of finality upon my words, whfoh it was far from : my pnrposo to Imply. You havo affcotod me very 1 agreeably; : Mr. Dorbmb, '|n' the 'fft# does- we ' 1 have 1 met, but X ttold,not <lo otherwise. than at \- least aff<ct indifference; to jotir proposala Until I . - conld learn that my dahghtezy Clam, shonld regard the matter with at least not disfavour/and that in ; ' a mOre worldly point of view- tho oonsummatlon \- of auoh tn engagement would be likely; in' all ' respects tcceeore her future happiness; and her ' - happiness, Mr. Dormsen, -I do not need to renHnd ' . you ,1s all I have to live for." Then am I togatbst'from .whatyoa say now ' tomo.Mr.-Howbrsy, that' sinoe I left this room ."'you baventisfled yourself upon these two points f" > , A— will— not— I should say— well yea, dr- » ' inally, Mr,' Dcnaien,\ virtually, I 'should not ' hare—1 ' '« t : : . " "You must forglvo my Interrupting you, sir. ; - 1- Mowbray, tossy that what I have requested of t . > you ls your'permlulon to ask Miss Mowbrar to v-1- .. lis my wife." I do notwlflhonyonutoplwamy : ' ->ouaeQwith her orto bring any - influence to.bear 1% upon her." There was a very conscious diitrual k of the elder gontlsman in his mind, whloh ' -prompted thissuggeation. And thellmitation whloh' . ft put to his own aotion 'brought atbrobofdls- iMu to Mr. Mowbray, Suppose,' Clara, left to nvlv . : - - herself, should deollne this :offer, whore would j he bof Howover, there was aothiog left now. \- imt to occopt the - situation' as It was offered to : " - biro, ond he bowod with eomo dogrse of offended majenty ta-ho.wcnfc on, "I was about to cay, whon you interrupted mo -and.' ae you' wlllseo, ' -. without ennoe, Mr. Dormfion, ; that I ebould not hare r< called you hut for. tho fear whloh pro&s;&d; upon mo that you might have interpreted my word» too b&rshly;, and might be suffering from disappointment/ . VnhappUy tfor ;one in thlo rather selfish age," he continued In o" tone of pointed and melanoboly rsboks,:."! am'sosensl- \- tively ooneUtuted -that any snfforlng- or pain -which I' can rcHove oompoln my lnatont oaro and < .attention.- At tho risk, therefore, of being thought by you oven wbimeloaland of ehangcfnl pariwccs- I oould' not rest without sending for yon to-night, : aod- lnformtngyon thai.: there is- no longer any : nhjecyononmyparttoyonraddreulqgmydaughton. '' - u : The rest, pf course, most lie with her." i . jiow oould Donascn do otherwise than express in gratpfnl thaoke something of.tho jojioua relief he felt, or whon he wont to his room do otherwise thiin llo awako. half the sight oontomplatlng tho morrow? The iuue did not justify the father s \- agitation in viow of a eUUposalblo dieaatcr,«md ho probably never came qnlto so near loving his daughter en when ehe tome to hlin on the, follow# dug day with: happy fpco and heart of gladness.- and ho kuaw that.all woo well, . Ho hadafflow of satlafaotioa in woll'doingf the liko.of whioh had teen long on unknown ceheation. As Mr. -Box# dlckliad predicted ho " folk good." . , ' And lio continued to "fed good." He continues to "feci good" to this day. It is not In his nature, iudeedj to feel Othcrwiuo whllo llfolauta, while ho keons what ho lino and Ma imagination remalns of \- piiflloicut ftlrcngth -to crotvn hiu trmiilo with MOrjJ ehlpprfi. -Hotv it will hu In tho next- world into whloh John Wooleoy MowhrnpY vonl will go nlto ppAc4 ulthoat tho nugget and without V "/ ""l ths wonihippors it does nob .become tho slmplo chronicler to hazard a eopiootur<£ Wo may he euro, howover, that bya woli-guardcd provision of his will and testament, tho monument fo.be horo-. ' aitor ereoted to his olrthly remains will oontala an Inscription whloh- will comfort hie dieolplca to the last generation, anfi forever proeent to their ripe imaginations a piotaroof their idol floating on goldenolcad andnlwaye "-feeltag goodi" Strict truth, hoftorer, oompola -nio to state that - he f tit .best whutf, on tho first of- thefouowlug month,- ho realised that a very handsomoisohi hod been paid into Thofndon and Bon, bankers, on his aocount, that his maturing bills had been promptly met, and that he was oonsldorebly riohcr than ha over had been before.'- Ho -olso "felt; good," very good, when ho transferred his balsnoo to- another house. ' Ho V felt good ,K- when - be gave his danghter every handsomo wadding, and when ha read theaohountaof it afterwards la the' morn ing papers,. -Thfterara'. tho. things whloh. goto- make np th'e oborm -.of Ilfd, over 'whloh ono'can; think long and deliriously, whloh are deUghtfuUn- ; aatib!|ntion; delightful -Ittho manlcat of aotidh,. . And delightful in rctroepoct-to soj&d; pcoplfi. V As for. Pdrey .Thorndop, ho received, as to ''drifted along Book towards Paris," a letter from Mr. Bardiek, whloh held not only a very, great . surprise for him, but'offored no temptation to drift baeV to Homo again. A noto from Miss Mowbray . hod already reached him, nob thoso few impoblvo lines? written under tho first etress of hor Indigna- . tion,,bub a'moro reosonhblo. prudent,' and moro oalmly penned answer, to his earnest plea for a bettor understanding. -Bat Clara Mowbray was as frank to ho had begged her to bo, and (hero was nothing left' for him to do bnt to troop on towards England.'' v- Then' came this communication from Mr Bnr- diok, whIoh I give nearly vcrtaiim, making no apology for Its length;- and only vrisnlng I oould also reproduce the ohlrograpby. , MlBrdearThonidon,"ltbogan,.MIhopoyoa aro . not sull looking for Marocnti, because yon" are notlDrsIy to find him;- Ho has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even theso ridiculous Soman aqnedoots would bo popular; I- want to finish with hhn first and havodono with him for good and all. so I will tell yon; how It happened, ue went back to Cspri. His friends will say tnatha repented of what ho had dons and went book to resoso Hormsen.' I think- Xknow him bettor than to do him that Injustioo. ! Botwooo yon and ms there Is no need to dleonss hie mottoes. Well then, bo want book. Ho prowled up to tho Tim- borio. It was night and moonlight. Ho gob as far as that llttlo gats,' you remember, that I broko epe&#"ind atAndiog there alone with bts own > onl ho heard a stop, turned round and saw Christopher Dormssn just behind him. It was enough to frighten bun, wasn't it?' Well lb did. It frightened mm so that ho fell against that llttlo gato, whloh— tot me remind you onoo again— I had happily toft rather weak, and down he wont about a thonnnd (lot, So tho devil got him at his own ; pries, That doesn't sound nlco and polite, does It 7 Hover mind 1 Sometimes I don't want to bo nlco and poll to. Bub aboat Christopher Dormsen'i ghost. Ah, my dear Thoradon, I think I hear yon matter. 'What do I oaro for tho oraay fancies of that wretch I Bnt lb wasn't Christopher Donnson's ghoet, aa It happens; bnt Christopher Dormson nlmsalfi How your disgust turns to mo and yOnsay, 'This man has had Dormson on tho brain for tho past two months, and la tho real madman after ilL' Well, all I can say is; if lam wrong abont lt, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost . sometime next summer In London, and yon will haTsaohanoo to satisfy yourself by .tho evldonco of your own soma, and I will do yon tho justice to say, that I know no man less Jlksly to bo deosfved, when horsally eecs a thingr than Percy Thoredon. "Ho I the man yon and I found looked astonish ingly like Christopher- Dormson— was Christo pher Dormsenk twin brother bnt was nob ChristophorDoremei).: Ho dcoelved Maroontinn-- fortunately, but that was not so very remarkable . beoauso Maropnti had not eeen . tho othor often 9o dooeivedns, probably bocauao we ooly e&w.htm; . in tbat dying condition and were predisposed to . bcltevoit woflthomfmwo-kiiow, though lam not at all prepared to say that wdooaldbavertold-thom apart, if wo hod seen -them both alivo' o'ud well. ' Just as singular mistakes as that have happened before, "Xteally- tho most remarkable thlog about it ill is, that wo none of ns know that Dormson hada brother. It was just ono of thosoatrango chahccs that do ooour (and yet are so ntrahgo that wo oall them miraoulous), that thoro badboenno occasion for Dormson to montlim that faob. Whoa 1 spoko to him of this, ho thought that of ooarre ho hod mentioned his brother, bat la troth ho had nottoonyonoofus.. . They bad been in Homo . together, and then separated to moot again later, butlwill tcllyouall the details when I see you in London. I am not good at writiog letters, and thlo Is a longer ono' thou l ever romombor writiog in my life before, "There is one thing more, though, that I ought to say more about, Miss Mowbray and Dormsetr are. as Is very right and proper, cngagod to be fnar- rled, and ore as happy a pair of simple lovers as yon would care toeoe. I know- you will bo as glad of it as I am, especially sinoe (X mention this because yon. oaro so muoh for these things over here) he. is tip-top socially, and has money, enough to givo her a new gown overy day in tho year if eho wants it, so tho old gontieman oan ?uander . his wealth in sUver mines, or thoHew- ork Stook Exohange, . if ho ohooeeo to. without . burring her in'tho toast. V " Dormsen to writing you himself to thank you for whatyoadld for.hla brothcr, but ho is not' llkolyyundor tho olrotimstanoes, to mention this other matter, so l have. Ho is a rather sensitive fellow, by tho way— and— well— seo herel— It will, do him n lot of goodif you will ear, when- yon \- answer his letter, that yon havo heard , of his ongagemont, and you very heartily and elnocrojy. congratulate him, I know you'll do It gladly, though you'll abuse mo for interfering again : bnt then again, jon boo, I know you wouldn't bo llkoly to do It It I didn't mention it. because it naturally ' wouldn't ooaur to you. And then I kno w your heart Isn't breaking."' As a matter of fact Percy Thoradon beoame ea« gaged tho next season to a lady who. had been heard to declare— to an intimate ladj friend of oonrse— that the only married life whloh eeemed to her- to bo .in anv way tolerable, would bs.oner whew tho husband and wife should require a freslv . introduction tocach other every morning. Ws'may assume, therefore I think, that fate—, or Impudent intermeddling— had for onoo resulted1 In making fear young hearts happy, instead of letting two to misery. xqtrau man, you luve been coming to my house almost every night during tho whole winter, and now. all nfc onoo vou becomo cool, and hardly speak to my . dauchter. ' what' does all thls.mean? Explain your",., eelf 1" The young man hesitated, and finally eaia in a Oared sort of way r" I—I camo to your house during . the winter,' becacso " Young moo, if you love . my. daughter, come out and say so.' V I caiue because . —because; I had no stovo in my room, and I wanted, to get. warm." "You can juat go to— to whore it ii hot without a stove," and tho young man picked him-- solf tip out on tho sidewalk, ; . . Tire Fabihoh ik Joare.— Tho plumber joko ia pct- \- ting & liltlo out of season, but it may bo packr ?a in . camphor and will bo in stylo when the freezes camo again. Tho roller skato joko is very popular and is worn on all occasions, oither with or without trim ming. Tho rich editor, ioke docs not appear tp, pall upon tho toato, It io quite becoming whoa worn with passementerie edging. Spring . poetry jokes aro undorgoing a revival and. ore nuito Iho au fait ixx recherche circles. With a wasto basket overrkirt may bo. worn oither morning or evening in the. houso. Tho yonng-manand-girl'«pa joko holds ' . Its own, and is really one - of.'tho.'moet popular and . fashionable eeen In polite society. Tho mulojoke la' , relegated to tho commoner classes, and may really bo called "oldfashloned." It laetiil-in fatour in the rural districts, and seoms destined to continue so for . several yean. Tho vorj'angry-wife-at-three-o'clock- . in-tho morning joke is not in such favour as formerly, but etill.many insist upon making it part of thoirdaUy wear; The liver pad. joko has almost dii- ; appeared. , ; Occasionally, hmrerer, . It may be ' eocn tied In. with a knot of ribbon qnlto. prettily. Tho honest politician- joke is too . decolotta to bo popular. If cnt high in tho neck, it might reign for a briof season. The sleoping policeman joko had many; friends and bado fair to becomo courtly In its stylo, but It lacked tone and foil Into lino . with .ordinary styles. Funs aro popular with all classes. \- Thoy may bo worn as bangloB, and in an infinite : variety, or .ways. Tho boaruiog-houso pie,' hash .or ; gum; shoo'- stook joko enjoys a periodical renaissance and sootna to retain its - original lustro/ When made up properly it is still a favourite. Tho . yoiuig-htiBbauu-parcgorio joko may .bo .worn oh evening occasions, nud Is not altogether ont of style. - -Tho fashions In other lines cootinue about tho earao as por . last report. Of courso,witb new demands corao now suppllos.'uud though thcroio nothing entirely' new, .tuo old thingsare so artistically worked over tlnt thev nais nuito-rcadilv for orlclual desieni.— Merchant Trwller. "wn ' 'I 