1PWlATT-!il'n fFA TTEH?. OR, What a Woman Did for Love. A TALE OP THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW. Author of 'An Ocean Secret,' 'Darker than Death/' ' Baches to Ruin,' &c; [All Rights Eksebved.] (Commenced in the Etenikg News *f May 16.) BOOK IL— LAND OF CAPTIVITY. XIX 'Kecalled to Life. ItecaUed to Life.' XX. ' I can't, I can't ; there's Blood upon it.— Blood ! Blood \' XXI. ' 'We'll Throw Ton to the Sharks at the First Sign 'of Treachery.' XXII. A Perilous Voyage, and. two Strange Marriages. XXIII. The Scuttling of the ' Kangaroo.'— Strangers in a Strange Land. CHAPTER XIX.— fCoNTisnjED/) *? Well, well, cut my throat and have done with. it. Cut it from right to left, and then it'll be clear that the wound wasn't self-inflicted.' ' Right you are, mate, so it shall 'be, though from my heart I wish it was you who had to perform the operation on me, instead of 1 upon you. When do j ou want me to basin ?' ' The eooner the better.' ' You don't desire to put up a bit of a prayer first?' ' No ; I've offered up thousands of prayers during the last few months, and not one of them has been answered,' re plied George Grant, bitterly. ' Then I suppose I must begin, ' Well, bear up, comrade, for at any rate there can be no worse torture than this which we have been plunged into for no fault of our own. There's something that perhaps I ought to tell you before I butcher you. Aye, mate, there's something which I feel I must tell you.' ' For pity's sake do nothing of the kind, Webb, but put an end to me as quickly as you can. That will be the most merciful course.' ' Well, perhaps it will. Only first of all shake hands with me, and assure me that you like me all the better for what I'm about to do.' ' I will — I do, and now set to work. See, I will lie on my back with my arms under me. That will make the case more than ever clear against you. My throat is a thick one, but your knife is sharp, and I pray you to slash it deep and right across from ear to ear.' ' Lay quite still then.' ' All right. No fear of my moving. I will shut my eyes lest their stare should disconcert you.' ' Thanks, old fellow. You have been a good, kind, honest mate to me, so I wish you a swift and easy journey to at all events a pleasanter place than this, and also that I shall soon join, you there.' Webb knelt down as he finished speak ing, his fetters clanking the while a strange, weird, and harsh death knell. Laying his, left hand lightly across George Grant's face, as though he did not dare to look upon it whilst killing him, he clutched the knife firmly -with his right, and the nest instant would assuredly have seen murder committed had not the cell door been suddenly pushed open and Bessy Greenstock« entered in thereat, exclaiming, in a hurried and excited whisper — ' Grant — Webb — I hare come to set you free. There are a party of us, and w« are going to seize upon the Kangaroo steamer and Escape across the Straits in her.' For a moment she received no answer ; then, in the deep gloom, which her eyes were gradually becoming accustomed to, she beheld a man rise or rather 6tagger to his feet, at the same time throwing away something that gleamed like a knife. Pressing a hand to his brow he ex claimed, with a hysterically-sounding laugh, ' Recalled to life ! — Recalled to life!' and then he reeled, tottered, and fell prone across the body of another man, with a low, gasping cry, and a great rattle of all his fetters. CHAPTER XX ? « I Can't — I Can't, Thehe is Blood upon It — Blood — Blood !' Once clear of the house and grounds SangHer would fain have selected men of his own choosing to help carry out the enterprise they had taken in hand, tho fact being that he had heard of Webb's fond ness for Lucy Sebright, and feared the liking might be reciprocal, wherefore, as he loved her madly himself, he had not the least desire that they should be thrown into each other's company again. Bessy Greenstock, however, declared that both Grant and Webb came from the same town in England as she had done, that she had known them in happier days, and that Bhe wasn't going to desert them now that an opportunity had arisen of doing »?? ? T-' * CL f£.\J\J\JL. VUliii Thereupon Sanglier turned somewhat sullen, and Bessy thought it prudent to remind him, in a way not to be mistaken, that he was in her power, and that she intended to bend him to her -v^Hk . not to yield to hie. Sanglier, being at heart an arrant coward, sung small after this, comforting ' himself, however, with the thought that he might be able to get matters more his own way after he had tempted a convict-constable or two to join them, which, with so plau sible a scheme of deliverance to the fore, he had not the least doubt of being able to do. BesBy, however, read his thoughts, and let Idm know she did so by declaring that the only convict- constable she would treat with wae the one .who, unless won over, could perhaps defeat -their design of libe rating Grant and. Webb, and she thought fit to add that 'in case of treachery she shouldn't hesitate to use the revolver she had in her pocket, and the handling of which she perfectly understood.' . As that was a great deal more tha» the - ex-banker could say concerning the brace of pistols which, with much trepidation, he was carrying in his own pockets, and which he feared might go off at any mo inent of their own accord, and mortally injure him, he vowed that he would be faithful and do all that Bessy desired, &c.; And so after that he was and did, and when the long, low row of stone huts con stituting the prisoners' barracks was reached, backed and overhung by gigantic sheaoak and blue gum trees, and facing the little, blue lake in whose centre lay Morfc Island, the convict cemetery, seemingly a more fitting burial-place for poets than for prisoners, he called up to him the con stable who was pacing to and fro in front of the long row of locked and bolted doors, and who at first very naturally took him to be Captain Aakton, and he was not long in persuading him to join heart and soul in their enterprise, for a convict-constable is only a very little better off than a convict, who is not a constable, as for any real or fancied dereliction of duty he may be sent back to herd with his former associates, ?whereupon the last state of that man is indubitably worse than the first, for he is paid out in a thousand ways by those whom during his term of authority he has tyran nised over, as tyrannise he invariably does and even must. The constable won over, the door of the cell that held captive George Grant and Jack Webb wae opened by him, and Bessy rushed in and saw and heard that which we attempted to describe at the close of our last chapter. Perceiving what had occurred, and how deeply she was engrossed with the eight, Sanglier whispered to the constable, who was called Bradshaw, that their best plan would be to lock all three in, and seek for allies in their meditated enterprise elsewhere. But Lucy Sebright heard tlie suggestion, and immediately called out, ' Treachery, Bessy, treachery 1' whereat Bessy sprang out of the cell with a single bound, and the next instant she had whipped her revolver out of her pocket and was me nacing the two men therewith as she hissed at them from between her tightly clenched teeth — ' Bradshaw, go in and knock their irons off. Sanglier, go you along and help. Why, for such work as we have on hand this night those two men in there are worth any other six that you could pick out' ' And less likely than most to cut my throat when they've done with me,' thought Bradshaw to himself, who knew the inner character of every man in his chain-gang, and from that moment he became Bessy's ally ratker than Sanglier's. He went into the cell, followed by the ex-banker, and unlocked the wrist and leg fetters of the two unconscious pri Eoners ; after which he managed to get a little brandy down each of their throats from a flask tendered him' by Sanglier, who, as butler at the Ashtons, had always found it an easy matter to carry such a comforter about with him. The potent spirit soon had its accus tomed effect upon those who had perforce imbibed it, and as soon as ever conscious ness returned, Bradshaw said to them — ' Whichever of you shouted out just now, * Recalled to Life,' very likely spoke the truth, for a few of us are going to strike a bold blow for liberty this night, and we w»nt you two to help us to do it.' ' It's very good of you, Bradshaw, to think of us ; and more than I should have expected from you, all things considered, but I can't attempt to escape from this colony without another g»ea along, and I can't think of any way to get at her. Don't stay to ask me why — my mind's made up on this point — because I'd have to tell a long story to explain it, and every minute of time must be precious. My mate will doubtless gladly accom pany you,' responded George Grant with a' sigh. ' I'm blest if he will, though, and for much the same reason. What 1 escape and leave Lucy Sebright behind ? Not I,' was Jack Webb's retort. Saaglier bit his lips at these words, and then exclaimed sullenly, ' Leave the fools alone and come along, Bsadshaw. There are scores of just as likely chaps who will jump at our offer, and regard us as their benefactors to their lives' ends for giving them back their liberties.' Bradshaw, however, paid no heed to his words, but instead pushed the cell-door wider open, and pointed out to the two convicts the very women whom they had been thinking of standing outside in the white moonlight, at the same time ob serving drily — ' If those are the petticoats you're sort of stitched on to, they're going along ov ua. Now what do you say ?' ' That we're with you hand and glove,' answered George Grant. ' Aye, and heart and soul as well,' echoed' Jack Webb. ' Then, come along, lads,' responded Bradshaw, quickly, ' fer this is a time for deeds instead of barney.' Grant and Webb at once followed him and Sanglier out of the cell into the moon light, and the constable then set to work to secure the door behind them. Whilst he -was doing so George Grant walked awkwardly up to Bessy Greenstock and said to her, almost coldly, ' I owe you wj jj.it), »uu j. am grateiux. xc was gener ous — it was noble of you. Perhaps some day, before long, I may be able to pay off the debt ; at all events, I trust and. hope so.' It was an odd speech, and stranger was the way in which, after very evident hesi tation, he held out his hand to her. Bessy accepted it as though reluctantly, but no tender pressure, or even hearty grip, ensued. They even shuddered as their fingers mat, and. then hand dropped hand, and they gazed into each other's faces as though each of them read and was horrified by the other's thoughts. Was it, we wonder, because their hands had never met since that night whereon George had asked Bessy to be his wife at Sobraon Villa, then changed his mind in favor .of her much younger stepsister, and two days later that half sister had been foully murdered in Lady Ann's Grove ? Jack Webb greeted Lucy Sebright in a much more effusive manner, declaring that -he owed his life to her, and much more to ,the same effect ; but naught could Lucy eay in return but, *t No, no ; you ate en tirely, mistaken. Oh, ddritf t talk eo— don't — don't 1' and when he wanted to shake [ hands with her she clasped both her own behind her back, at the same time exclaim- $ ing in. a voioe that Bounded like & y»U— ^' \ ??'?-????-. « I can't — I 'can't — there is blood upon it — blood — blood!' words which caused Jack to turn as white .as any ghost, and to exclaim, with ashen grey lips :% ' What do you mean? Who could have told— — Why, you little fool, I was sent out here for merely shooting a hare, and on my own land in addition. You have been told bouncing lies about me by someone or other,' and, as he concluded, Jack darted a suspicious and anything but' friendly glance at Bessy Greenstock. Lucy stared at him in mute surprise. She could clearly see that he had not understood her in the least, but not one whit better could she understand him, and for a moment she shuddered at the expres sion of his usually good-tempered face. It was certainly a relief to both couples, whom the ex-banker had been closely and. attentively watching all the while, when Constable Bradshaw exclaimed suddenly — ' Now then, let us push on. I think we are enough for the job in hand — what do you say, Sanglier?' ' I say that without at least two more we may as well give up the undertaking as hopeless, for, xemember, there are, at least, seven men on board the Kangaroo,' was the answer. ' And what do you Bay, ma'am ?' asked Bradshaw of Bessy. 'I think that we should be more sure to succeed were we stronger in numbers,' she rejoined, as though reluctantly. ?*' But,' she added, ' We want arms even more than we do men.' ' We constables always carry a brace of loaded pistols as well as a staff,' answered Bradshaw, 'and therefore a couple more of us will be worth half a dozen ordinary men, and, believe me, that we'll be as glad to clear out of this as any of the others could possibly be. Now, you five had bet ter at once push on for the wharf, because women can't be expected to walk as fast as men. I and a couple of mates will catch you up before you get to the end of the journey.' ' The rest may go on. I'll remain with you,' said George Grant, looking hard at Bradshaw the while. Bessy Greenstock read both his look and his thoughts, and, stepping up to him, said in a low tone — ' Well and bravely decided, and her* is a revolver, loaded in all its six chambers, should you chance to require it.' As she concluded she slipped the weapon unobserved into his hand, and he thanked her with a look. Bradshaw didn't seem to altogether like the arrangement, but nevertheless acqui esced in it, so that a minute later Bessy, Lucy, Sanglier, and Jack Webb were push ing on towards the Government landing1 stage, four miles away, and George Grant and Bradshaw were lost to sight around the corner of the convict barracks in the rear. ' Sanglier, if you're at all nervous about carrying those loaded pistols in your pockets, I daresay Webb would do it for you,' Bessy Greenstock suddenly observed, as they walked rapidly on. The ex-banker at one!; parted with the weapons, and felt as delighted, when he ?was well quit of them, as Jack Webb did at their acquisition. It put Bessy also completely at her ease, for before the exchange of firearms (she. having given her revolver to Grant) j- they had all been at Sanglier's mercy, whereas he was now at theirs. . The country that they passed through might, at any other time and under differ ent conditions, have won their attention and admiration, so beautiful was it, but they very naturally, under existing cir cumstances, thought of nothing but the chances of their getting away from it, and even the most sanguine of their number could not help but perceive that those chances were a great deal more against them than they were -. in their favor. At last the almoBt continuous forest «f white trunked blue gum, feathery acacia, and gold and silver tufted wattle trees grew thinner, and a glimpse of the dark blue waters of Storm Bay xsas caught between them. A few minutes later they could see the rough timber landing stage, and the little Kangaroo lying about a couple of cables7 lengths therefrom, ' as idly as a painted ship upon a painted ocean.' She looked a fragile enough craft to brave the angry waters of the great Southern Ocean aboard of, but a much greater peril would have to be met and overcome before that one could be braved. The little party had not got on much further ere they were overtaken by George Grant, Bradshaw, and two other convict constables, all looking resolved to dare and do. George at once -whispered to Bessy that there had not been the least sign of treachery or double dealing on their parts. This was highly satisfactory, and Bessy began to entertain strong hopes of their succeeding in their enterprise, though in all probability not without bloodshed, a thought which distressed her greatly. But she did not flinch from the prospect of beholding, or, if dire necessity required it, from even taking part in a bloody struggle, knowing well as she did that if they failed in their enterprise Lucy Se bright would be hanged for the murder of Captain Ashton, which murder sha re garded as having been almost a righteous act under the circumstances, though much she feared ihat its remembrance would torture Lucy's heart and cod science up to the day of her death, no matter how far distant that might be. Whilst she was thus bitterly reflecting, the little party of truly desperate men and women were rapidly approaching the shore, so that presently they had to move with extreme caution lest they should be seen by the watch, on board the Kangaroo. ; for, though her decks seemed to be entirely deserted, there was no telling this with any certainty. At last, availing themselves of every possible cover to conceal them, aa they advanced, they actually reached the wharf, and Sanglier at once mounted thereon, close attendedby the constable, Bradshaw, whilst the others hid 'well out of ..^sight behind it, yet ready to -act with courage, decision, and energy the instant that it was required of them; *- - - ': Then, after . a , brief pause, ConBtable Bradshaw fired off a pigful, Sanglier stand ing the while upon the wharf so that- tne moon should nkiuit full upD& the bright 'scarlet, gold-laced uniform that he Had on, and also upon the steel scabbard of the sword which he -wore at his side. (to be continued.) . . 