: The Appropriation Bill. . .Mb. Reid, greatly to the anger of SGnisterSj pointed out last night, in the . debate upon the Appropriation Bill, that . this economical Government, which came , in to reform everything and settle the '?,. finances on a Bound basis, has increased expenditure to an unprecedented extent, .and will be but little helped by its extra taxation. The expenditure will by the end of the year have jumped to £11,000,000, or nearly £11 per head for governing one , of the quietest and most peaceable popu lations in the world j and for next year, if the present state of affairs continues, ' there will be a still larger increase ? and a Dxbss deficit of the most V' approved kind. When this deficit f; lias to be covered, or when rather an ;/ attempt has to be made to cover it by extra : protective duties, its creators -will probably ?? t-e ready enough to speak about it; but at :, present, when they are only ?working up the ?: -necessity for' more protection, they axe '. marvellously reticent and retiring. They :, are in fact dispensing public moneys ? as Christians are supposed to do charity — not letting their ?left hands know what their right hands do. If the whole of ?the £11 a head necessary for governing somewhat over one million people, ?were raised by taxation, there would not be any possibility of a keep it ?dark policy, but this Government, like moBt previous governments, is able by ? a -little legerdemain -with the loan, esti ? mates to conceal the true state of I affairs, and its conduct in this respect %j~ is all the more reprehensible, as % it came into power -with a loudly |j : trumpeted promise to put everything on a % sound basis and reduce payments out of loans to their proper amount by ???? charging to revenue minor unproductive : Works. :. The real state of the case is that the ' Appropriation Bill asked for the passage V of £10,860,000 estimated receipts from loans and all else, whereas Mr. See's 'J Ifittimated expenditure, which, is certain to i, pi exceeded, is £10,910,000, even allowing |^ €or the economy expected from the abandon |jt; ment of the volunteer encampment. There ii Is no escape from the year closing -with a p^ large deficit, and the Treasurer's device ijgKof putting on to the loan estimates a sum Ippf £192,000 of the kind of expenses that feiie iiad solemnly pledged himself to charge feffko- revenue -will not really improve his fe|^3OBition in the slightest. Those loan esti s1: mates,as emanating from a government that Ip&ad.; promised to pay for minor unproductive !§||w»rke out of revenue, and on the strength ^^-f that (promise had levied about £800 ,000 Slfui new duties, are really marvellous read WgMng. Here are some of the items: HpBrectgbn. ' of submarine mining estab KMshment, £2500 ; gun pits at Brad RlLey's; Heights, Steel Point, and Henry's ?pH&ghts;,, £18,000 ; battery at Wollongong, Rp2i00 j battery at Stockton, £3000. There Bpis nothing very productive about these. ?ELower down there comes new public offices, i|pi9,9B7 f new public offices— lift, etc., ?£§£5000. Public offices are generally only K&Koductive; of Ted tapeism. There are ?Hpjnough already, particularly when the HHLegpLons of clerks that have to be paid to £11 Rhem are remembered. There is one znoBt »||j-eculiar item ' Treasury new strong room Hjp|cm'ctibxi.of, £8000.' Why borrow money jjjlpo erect a new strong room, especially when. ^^ike Treasurer keeps the key? It is very. ^Mike borrowing money to buy a purse. HK||a2zi, -what can there be productive about §lf$iie following matters ; Glades-villa Hob mm? -.-?'????'': pital for the Insane, new ward for fifty females, £8000; Newcastle Hospital for the 'Insane, new -ward for twenty-five females, £'2000 ; additions to the Hospital for the Insane, Parramatta, £5000. One cannot even say - of Ministers, parodying Dean Swirr, They gave what little -wealth they had , To build a house for fools and mad, And showed by ona satiric touch No nation needed it so much. They have, on the contrary, borrowed wealth they had not for the purposes above-mentioned, though it remains true that the provision they have made for the retirement of afflicted citizens will be increasingly needed if the country consents to continue them long in office. When one remembers the fuss that Mr. See and his colleagues made over the Cen tennial Park' lands not being treated in some particular way in the accounts, one is lost in wonder at the effrontery of the same gentlemen concerning their loan, esti mates. Their finances seem following the usual protectionist pattern. The jury in the Eainhill inquestj has, after returning a verdict of ' 'wilful mur der ' against Deeming, expressed surprise that his movements at Uainhill did not excite the sus picion of the police. This seems to be a rider with which everyone will agree. When there are heard reflections on the palieo throughout the country here, and there has been no little criticism even in connection with Deeming's successful arrest, it will be well to remember what took place at Sainhill. The only way that the police on the scene of the Euglish murders have distinguished themselves is by one of them recently thinking he a heard ghost in Deeming's former habitation, and rushing panic stricken to inform his comrades. The Eainhill police might adopt the gendarmes' chorus from Genevieve de Brabant = We'er guardians bold, though wary, Of ourselves we tate great care ; Of our precious Jives we're chary, When danger looms we're never near. Mr. Crick is neither happy nor fortunate in his experience of select committees. For the second time in his short career he has had to submit to a rebuff in. moving the adoption of reports. Last night he sought to have the toport on the Black free pass dealt with, as a matter of privilege, and after a preliminary skirmish with the Speaker took the sense of the House on tlie question. '- The House, however, was against him. By 42 to 32 it refused to go out of its way to oblige the member for West Macquarie in his proposed method of dealing with the mem ber for West Sydney. As there will be no oppor tunity of reaching the motion this session, the. report is virtually shelved. Not to be deprived of his opportunity of having his fling at Mr. Black, however, Mr. Crick intends to-day to move the adjournment of tne House. There should be wigs on the green be fore the debate is over, for what's sauce for the goose is sauce for tbe gander, and it may be sup posed that Mr. Black will not be the only crow to be shot at. There is, rightly or wrongly, a suspicion of personal animus underlying this outburst of zeal for morality; and there are those who hold that it should net stop at the irregular obtaining of free passes for the near and dear ones. When the Minister for Worts had finished giving notice yesterday of his Public Works pro posals, Mr. Willis mumbled. out: 'What about Byerock to Brewarrina ? More of your promises — like rotten potatoes.' He afterwards more expli citly addressed the Minister with a question on the subject, and reminded Mr. Lyneof certain promises he had made, both to him (Sir. Willis) personally and to deputations. Mr. Lyne declared that any promises he had made he had endeavored to carry out; but in regard to the Byerock-Brewarrina line, the plans and surveys were not yet in a sufficiently forward state to enable him to refer the question to the Public Works Committee. Mr. Willis walked out muttering, ' Well, I didn't get much out of him.'' The report by a morning contemporary of Mr. Wanfs speech in opening the case for the plaintiffs in the libel action of M'Mahon v. Evans credits that gentleman, with a phrase which is a very remarkable specimen of forensic rhetoric indeed. Mr. Want is made to say that 'a class of papers seemed to be springing up who cared nothing for elevating the public mind, who cared nothing for decimating literature.' Such a little eccentricity of grammar and construction as 'a class of papers who *' may be passed over as rather com monplace, but 'decimating literature' is decidedly original. The various forms of the verb to decimate are often used in strange ways in newspapers, and have hitherto run that other misused word, ' ovation,' pretty close, but the decimating of literature leaves tfce other instances in which such an operation has been described simply nowhere. Prom the news o£ the last day or two Paris would appear to be once mere becoming' a political storm centre. Perhaps even more alarming to careful observers than the anarchist explosive attempts are the dissen sions with regard to church matters, the Premier's threat to close the churches, and the riots which, nave taken place as a protest against obnoxious preachers. At one of these riots the socialists, it is said, danced in the nave of the church and interrupted the service by revolutionary songs. There was a re minder in this of the fearful scenes of '93 and the Commune — both the early ' reds ' and the CommuuiBts delighted in desecrating churches — which will frighten many people who are little disposed to be bigoted. The trouble in France seems largely to be that the Government can never understand religious liberty, and must according to its nature go to extremes, either for or against the church. M. Loubet, the present Premier, seems to have forgotten all about the dangerous anti- republican feeling raised some years ago by M. Ferry's expulsion of the religious orders, and to be going the way that w»ll give op portunity for some new Boyalist intrigue. ? The late Sir M.orell Mackenzie wrote in a Lon don magazine the following advice to smokers . ' I would say to anyone who finds total ab stinence too heroic a stretch of virtue, let him smoke only after a substantial meal, and .if he be singer or a speaker let him do so after and never before using the voice; let him smoke a mild Savannah, or a long-stemmed pipe charged with, some cool smoking tobacco. If the charms of the cigarette are irresistible, let it be smoked through a mouthpiece which is kept clean with ultra Mohamtnedan strictness. Let him refrain from smoking pipe, cigar, or cigarette to the bitter. and, it may be added, rank and oily end. Let him be strictly .^moderate in indulgence and lie will get all the good effect ef the -soothing plant without the bano which lurks in it when used to excesB.' Sir Morell himself, it may be remarked, smoked for some . trifling throat complaint medicated cigarettes of a disagreeable odor. Perhaps for this reason he was hardly an unprejudiced authority upon the soothing weed. Walt Whitman, whose death has just been an nounced, was one of those poetic oracles whom the great majority of readers have never been, able to understand. That it was simply their misfortune every admirer of the poet would, no doubt, unhesitatingly assert. Such, an unsympathetic attitude could not, howeve^ be attributed, as in the case of many puzzled students of other poetic celebrities of the age, to the fact that the man's writings were literally unintelligible, and baffled all ordinary efforts to get at their meaning. In that respectrWalt Whitman was usoally plain enough — very often, indeed, rather too much so. The objections which suggested themselves to the sceptical in regard of Whitman were of a different kind. They were finally apt to take the shape of a profound conviction that Whitman was merely pGuring out something that in no real sense was what it professed to be at all, but Fustian so sublimely bad, It was not poetry but prose run mad. That- by a considerable circle of enthusiasts Whitman has been hailed as the most authentic and original singer America has produced is of course well known. They say that once his peculiarities of utterance can be got over the grandeur of his thoughts cannot fail to impress, and that, for ears which have been duly attuned to -»'», he is even full of wonderful music. This may possibly be true, but if so the acceptance of what in the cant of the time would be called Walt Whitman's ? message,'' would to a very great extent involve a renunciation of one's faith in the poetic gospel as delivered by most of the really genuine poets who have gone before ^i?m. 