GREAT BRITAIN, The Roman Oathollo Church has lost 10 car dinals in the past 9 months. Tho total nuuibor of Nonconformists who are members of tho Houbo of Commons is 110. At a recent north oountrv weililh.n u.„ of tho bride and bridegroom were Halfpenny and Penny. Mrs. Humphry Ward lias boon more or less on invalid for some months past. She is nt present staying at lier new country house at Tring. The Quoen likes to ho read aloud to for some thrco or four hours daily, tho hooka selected being reminiscences, biography, travola nnd good novels. There will shortly ho issued to tho publio a now postage and revenuo stamp of tho value of 4jd. It will bo available for all postal, tola- graphio and inland revonuo purposes. Somo years ago the daughters of Mr. Wilson Barrett started as lady dressmakers in Land ,n. Their business naino is Elita ot Oie. Thoy nro: said to bo vory olevor girls, and aro making a wonderful success. A movomcnt for tho housing of tko London Press Club, tho Instituto of Journalists and tho Newspapor ProsB Fund under ono roof lins been dismissed. It was discovered that tho venture oouid not bo made without a capital of £2000 or £3000. There woro only a fow doya wherein tho projoot oouid bo ventilated, and it necos- sariiy foil to the ground. "Aunt Martha," or Mrs. Rioks, who recently visited England in ordor to see tho Queen and the English pcoplo, and who lias now arrived at her littlo farm at Monrovio, West Africa, litis writton a letter thanking hor Majesty aiid tho British people for tho great kindness slio oxpori- oncod at their hemls. An insignificant but interesting coincidence whioh occurred at the banquet given to the In stituto of Journalists in Glasgow seems almost to liavo escaped notioc. After tho toast to tiio new House of Commons, tho band, whoso duty it was to discourse Scotch music between these ouBtomary expressions of goodwill, was wicked and unthinking enough to strike up the familiar ditty beginning, "There's nao luck about tho house, there's nao luak ava." Mons. Loon, the Mexican Iiorsc tamer, during his performance at tho Royal Aquarium, Lon don, offered to givo £5 to anyone who would rido a buck jumping horso nnd retnin his scat for fivo minutes. Tho olinllcngo wns accepted by a man named Phain, who suocoedod ill' keep ing in the saddle for tho stipulated time. Plinin thou alighted, and was in tho not of remount ing when the animal gavo him a terriblo kick in the groin. Tho man was picked up unconscious, mid is in n precarious oondition, The Thames in the neighborhood of Kcw Bridgo and IslcwortU presents a remarkable ap- poarnnco at low water just now. In various parts the bed of the liver is exposed to view. Tho water in tho livor has not been so low for a considerable time, nnd it looks as if tho oppor tunity would again be nfforded tho watormrn of Xsloworth of playing erickot on tho hod of tho rivor, as they did oil several oconsions in tho summor of 1886, when, also, a wag oreotcd a notice board in tho centre of the Btronm, on whioh were pnititcd the words, " Eligible build ing land for sale." The formal agreements between tho Post Office and the telephono companies for tho work ing of the scheme introduced by tho lato Govern ment will shortly bo completed. Tho doubts whicli liavo bocn raised iu some quarters as to wliother thenmalgamation of tiie companies will not result in some material deviation from tho proposals publishod a fow months ago, ami particularly in tliu abandonment of the twin wires or motallio circuits, have lie foundation in fnot. Effeot will bo givon to the expressed in tention of tho postal authorities to allow the branch end possibly head post offices to be usod as publio call officeB. Mr. Leonard Boyno rides in tho sham Liver pool Stoopleohaso— with a real jump, howovor — at Drury Lane. Ho is nn excellent horseman, and in that respect at least woll fitted for his part, Tho play callB up rocollootions of a very liorsoy season at Sndlor's Walls 19 years sgo, when Miss Bessy Reid appeared in Mazeppa, and tho late Harry Powoll— he was found drowned on Wandsworth Common'with his foco in 2 inclies of wator — took the title role in Diok Turpin. In the latter picoo tho celebrated leap ovor tho turnpike gato was shown, the stage lioing strengthened for tbo purpose and covered with tan to give foothold. The Templo has only ono woll authenticated ghost. Mr. Tiiorpo records that when tho late Mr. Benjamin had loft the bar and had retired to France, his successor in tho Templo wob re turning ono day from court in oompany with an emineut solioitor, whon ono of them remarked, " Why there's Benjamin I" The unmistakable figure drew forth from the othor an assenting remark. "But," continues Mr. Thorpe, "tho shape passed on through tho cloisters, and wob seen no more. The door of Mr. Benjamin's ohambers was opened as they came to it by an awe struck inmate, who hold up tho telogram from Paris — 'Benjamin is dead.'" Quito close to tho Birkbook Bank in South ampton-buildings, (Jhanoery-Iane, London, is the Birkbeck Institute, . It affords sooial recrea tion and opportunities for self culture nnd education to thousands of young artisans and olerlcs. Tho llirkbeok Bank, tho Birkbeok Building Society and tho Birkbeok Instituto owe thoir name to Dr. Goorgo Birkbook, who, in conjunction with Brougham and Bontham, founded in 1842 the first mcohanias' institute. Dr. Birkbeck was professor of natural philo sophy at Glasgow, but was a Yorksiiirc'mnn by birth. The building society and tho hank grew out of tho association of members of tho institute. The eommittoo to inquire into the working of tho Salvation Army social scheme is now boing formed, and the names of tho gentlemen com posing it will wo shortly bo mado public. It will ho n very strong and influential one, and will inquire into all matters connected with tho scheme. Owing to tho general depression in trade and tho near approach of wintor. " General " Booth line resolved to at onco in- cpcnse the neeommndfttifln hv miAninir ft ' lincm central elevator and lodging houso." " It will," so tho announcement runs, "be tho biggest hive of industry of Us kind in the world, nnd whon the ramifications of tho wliolo undertaking aro laid before tho public it will be hailed by phi lanthropists witli a shout of approval, nnd by tho pcoplo it is destined to benefit with a thrill of hope anil joy." Accommodation will ho pro vided for 1000 persons, at charges from a ponny to sixpence. Ail amusing scene was witnessed tho othor day on ono of the mail boats running from Calais to Dover. The sea waB rather rough. A young woman, pretty and nioely dressed, nppenred to be suddenly taken very ill with sea sickness. She groaned and Bcreamed in apparent ngony for some littlo time. At length a gentlemen who appeared to be a stranger to hor approaohed hor, aud aBked wliother oho would like to tako a lozenge, whioh ho guaranteed would case her of her pain. Ho had ofton tried it, he said, on people, and always with tho most marvollous results. The young lady demurred a littlo at first, hut finally accopted tho offor. Novor was ouro'so iustahtSECj"3' Hardly had she swallowed the lozongo whon tho fair patiuu. VV2? sitting up all amilos and ordering lism sandwlolies Mid bottled ale of tho stoward, Somo passongors woro so struok with tho inoidont that thoy in quired what was tho remedy that had had suoli a wonderful result, and tho gentleman, who, as ho said, was the agent for tho sale- of the lozenges, disposed of a considerable nuinbor of boxos of them at 10 f. a picoe. What was tho surprise of tho purchasers when they saw the young lady and hor preserver go off arm in arm when tho vessel reached Dover. Tho boxes wero boxes'of common jujubos. 