BLACKFELLOVV CRIMINALS. By N. Babtley. , 1 , , When "Dundalli" was oxecuted in Brisbane for the murder of Sir. Gregor on 21st August, 1854, a four blacks witnessed the scene front about tlio- present site of Adelaide-street, for "Wiokham- terraco was not even surveyed till 1856, and it was not until 1859 that the dense forest whioh, covered it was sufficiently cleared to afford a sight from it of what went on in Queen-street . Still, for all this scanty aboriginal attendance, the spectators were quite too numerous, for they inoludod the little Brisbane childron who wore thon passing on thoir various morning errands, and it was not a lit sight for them to see.' In tho same month, live years later, there was a big gathering of tho blacks on Wick ham- torraea to see tho execution, on 4th August, 1859, of "Chamory" and "Dick," two Burnett River lads, sontonced for criminal assault on an old German woman, and whom Sir William Dcnl- son refused to reprieve ; the authorities — never anxious that tho blaoks should see a murderer hanged, as "a life for a life" was already a well known rnlo with thorn— caused all the nvailablo aboriginals to be sent for. to see this execution for rape, in order to teacli them that it ranked with murder, a lesson they were slow to learn at that time. "Kipper Billy," two years later, was another notorious blaok oriminal quite in advance of tho two callow Burnett boys nlready named. Tho Upper Brisbane River was thoacena of his lawless exploits. Ho lmd air eye for white femalo beauty, and one'handsomo lady, tho wife of a rioh squatter there, oarriod a small revolvor for. his benefit, after hearing how he had spoken of hor. Ho was a. daring follow, aud nfter his capture he scaled the wall of Brisbane Gaol and would have got away, but a ballet from the . carbine of Warder Armstrong killed him. when on the top of thc'walt, and strange to say, no hole oould be found, in bis head or any part of bis-body,- and it was sup- noted' that the bullet entered under the' eye ball and remained in tho skull. .His head (liko that of Griffin at Rookhampton in 1863) was stolon from the grave, greatly to the wrath of Shepherd Smith and Haury Buckley, tho oliurohwardens, or comotcry trustees of tho period, and it wore a hold man who " ohaflfed" either of them on the Bubjcot till some time after it happened. But the blacks woro riot always the sinncrB. There is a gruesome legend, hailing from the Maointyro Brook, and setting forth how a bevy of convict stookman in the early pioneer days, not content , with merely murdering a blackfellow, stripped off enough of his skin to mako tobacco . pouches from, and dried them in tho Sre smoke ; but - thoy had to "dree their weird" for it.-- It is related that, whenever they camped near the Bpot at night, they became aware of tho figure of a blaok man sitting in a dejected attitude, with his::hands hanging over his knees, at the foot , of a tree on which the light of the camp 'fire shone. The figure was distinctly visible 50 feet away, but faded altogether If yon approaohed with 5 feat of it, and reappeared as'you retreated again.' It was not at all " canny " (about tho latter days of Louis Philippo) to sleep in tho next room, at a primitive hotel of the Southern Downs, to --that of Borne old bushman whoso hands had taken human life. , ;Yori hoard words that you wfiuld gladly forget — yet words oriougli to fnako a man thankful if Ac had novor known "drink" or . ".blood,", ,The most beautiful strip of country in Australia is "that" bounded "Sri tho north by the road from Warwick to Cun ningham's Gap, on tho cast by tho Main Range, and on the south by tho border of the colony ; a tract which,' for beauty;' salubrity 'and ' fertility combined, is unsurpassed in tho world. Hero stood Jubb's hotel (pullod down in 1859), tho scene of many an old time carouse, joko and yarri; Jubb- was "formerly h! servant- of -the Leslies, and it was hero that bravo Bat Leslie went down one night, to fight or silenao a whole' bar full of noisy bullock drivers, whose, shouts .pre vented Mrs. . Leslie, at the other end- of -the- house, from' sleoping. It was at Jubb's in 1852, ; that tho youthful Lord- Ker' and LordScott (a son of tho Duke of Bucoleugli) put up 'when( visiting this mountain .soonery . after < a run through Sydnoy. Jubb once told, mo a hideous1 ghost story of murder, suicido and a haunted: dairy, near Gonlburn; in Now South "Wales,1 and: how the' priest1 laid- the ' gliosts--iri'. his early; dnvs : but.' as' all the parties were.whito poonlo, it is foreign to the tenor of this paper.— Zli.'(s6aiie! Courier .. n,-;.'. L 