Intoiratwnirf ICessmt. THE DESCENT OF THE SPIRIT. Sunday, July 10th. — Acts ii. 1-12. Golden Text (John xvi. 13). — ' When He, the Spirit of truth is come, He will guide you into all truth.' THE TIME. The day of Pentecost was the day upon which* the promise of the Father was fulfilled. It was one of the three great feasts of the Jews, and occurred between the Passover and the Feast of Tabernacles. By the Hebrews it was called the Day of Firstfruits, the Feast of Weeks, and the Feast of Harvest.. ' As originally appointed, it was re stricted to the offering of firstfruits as a thanksgiving for the harvest ; but, at least as early as the time of Christ, the J ews combined with this a commemora tion of the giving of the Law on the fiftieth day after quitting Egypt. And this has been the prominent commemora tion since the Jews, driven from their own land, ceased to be agricultural.' — Jacobson. The unity between Passover and Easter, Pentecost and Whitsuntide, is a striking proof that Judaism was the type and prophecy of Christianity, and that Christianity is the -fulfilment of Judaism. THE MANNER. When this day was ' fully come,' ' they were all with one accord in one place.' In Acts i. 13, 14, a list is given, of those who during the ten previous days had continued in prayer in the upper room. These were they who first received the Holy Ghost, but there may also have been the hundred and twenty disciples mentioned in Acts i. 15. The unity of these first Christians is worthy of note. They were there 'with one accord.' The gift of the Holy Ghost was. bestowed suddenly. This was an evi dence of its supernatural nature. Physical and mental powers and acquisi tions come gradually. But here they were suddenly filled with the Holy Ghost. Supernatural signs accompanied the gift. There was a sound as of a rushing, mighty wind, and there ap peared cloven tongues like as of fire. The Lord, in His conversation with Nicodemus upon the new birth, had spoken of the wind and the sound which, it made. Again, He had breathed upon His disciples, and had said, ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' As to the tongues of fire, the testimony of the Baptist con cerning Jesus was, 'He shall baptise you Avith the Holy Ghost, and with fire.' Throughout the Scriptures fire is used as a symbol of the Deity. These outward signs were accom panied by the blessed reality, ' They were all filled with the Holy Ghost.' The Holy Spirit, as the breath of God, came into them, and was like fire in their hearts, filling them with zeal and energy. One of the first signs of the indwelling of the Spirit was the miracu lous gifts they now possessed. Amongst these was the ' speaking with tongues.' Of this gift there' appear to have been two kinds. In 1 Cor. xiv. we read of Christians expressing the emotions of their souls in strange utterances which were not understood by others. But from verses 6 and 1 1 of this chapter w& gather that the ' speaking with tongues ' . included the power of communicating their thoughts to others in foreign languages which they had not learnt by the ordinary processes of study. Such a miraculous gift served but a tempor ary purpose, and was soon withdrawn. As the lesson says, they only spake ^hus ' as ohe Spirit gave them utter ance.' THE RESULTS. Jerusalem at this time was filled with people. Verse 5 mentions one class, ' a 'class distinct from natives* from original inhabitants, and from visitors to the feast. Not a few Jews, after having been occupied with trade in various countries, came back to end their days in frequent attendance on the Temple services, awaiting the coming of the Messiah, and desirous of being buried in the Holy Land.' — Jacobson. There was also a vast and varied multi tude of pilgrims who had come to keep Pentecost, J ews who were widely spread abroad, but who made a point of beings present at such times in the sacred city. We can imagine them coming in froth all quarters towards that holy place with the words of the pilgrim psalms in their hearts and mouths. News of the extraordinary event that had happened in the upper room soon spread. The power of the Spirit cannpt be hidden. The newly endowed disciples could not but proclaim ' the wonderful works of God ' to the great astonishment of the pilgrims who heard them declare in their own languages. 