' UK ® ffls viwa : CHAPTEB iel-Goshuhb. ' At CQp|raq»i wtoe<halk& af toe Ejestndaaaa. ' , The gaBant tones, eaBing apon Xus foDowms to prepare for toe rtmzge, had uttered toe words recorded, before a -voice, lustier even than his own, bellowed 1 from a bush immediately on his rear — « Take it like a botcher's boll-dog, tooth — nail ! — kiwfe and d Hl1-spl»ifer, foot- and finger, give it to 'on every way,— oock-a- docdWoo!" At toe" words, coming Iron, a quarter and from an aBy eatiiriy unexpected, young Bruce looked behind him, and beheld, mnerging from a hazel bush, through which it had just fenced its way, the visage of Boaring Ralph Stackpole: its natural ugh- greatly increased by countless snatches and spots of blood, the result of hk teep down toe ledge of rocks, when first set upon by toe Indian.-, and his eyes squinting daggers ratsbane, especially while he .was giving wi to that gallinaceous gfegau yiili which he was wont to express liii appedte for conflict, and with which he nOW fftwjgilwl hiu mnwwBMinitHB ntitiSD. Thff voice and Tissge iwe alike familiar to Brace's senses; and neither was so wvB i fitted to eijSte as msriment. But, <nx the present cceasxm, they produced an effect upon the young Regulator's spirits, «n3 through than upon hfe actions, the most j unfortunate in toe world ; to understand which it must be recollected that the worthy j Kentuekian had, twenty-four hours before, j with his own hands, assisted in gibbeting ; honest Ralph on toe beech tree, where, he had every reason to suppose, his lifeless body j was hanging at that very moment. His as- j tonitoment and horror may therefore be oon- eeived, when, taramg in some perturb&tion; at the well known voice, he beheld that | identical body, toe corpse of the executed | horse-thief, czawlisg after him in the grassv j ,s winking and blinking and squinting." as j he was used afterwards to say, "as if the j devil had him by the pastern." 1 It was a spectacle which the nerves of even Tom Brace could not stand ; if did j what armed Indians could not do, — it j frightened him out of bis propriety. For- j getting his situation, his comrades, the j savages, — forgetting everything bat the feet j of his having administered the last correction j of Lynch-Law to the object of his terror, he sprang to his feet, and, roaring. j " By toe eternal devil, here's Ralph Stack- pole he took to his heels, running, in his confusion, right iu the direction of the ; enemy, among whom he would have presently found himself, bat for a shot, by which, before be had ran six yards, the un fortunate youth was struck to toe earth. The exclamation, mid the right of Ralph himself, who also rose to follow toe yoong leader upon what he deemed a rush against the foe, electrified the whole body of the Regulators, who were immediately thrown into confusion ; of which the savages took the same advantage they bad taken of Brace's agitation ; firing upon than as they rose, and then rushing Upon them to end toe fray, before they could recover their wits or spirits. It needed bat this, and the fall of their leader, to render the disorder of the young men irretrievable ; and, accordingly, in less than a moment, they were seen,— all, at least, who were notalmost disabled. — -dying in a panic from the field of battla. It was in vain that the captain of horse-thieves, divin ing at last the cause of their extraordinary Sight, roared out that he was a living with nothing of a ghost about him what ever ; the panic was universal and irremedi able, and nothing remained for him to do but to save his own life as quickly as pDerible. " 'Tarnai death to me !" he bellowed, turning to fly ; but a groan from Bruce fell on bis ear. He ran to the side of the fallen youth, and, catching him by the hand, ex claimed, " Now for the best leg, Tom, and a rush up bill to the bosses !" "You ar'n't hanged then, after all?" mattered the junior ; then fell back as if unable t3 rise, adding faintly, Go ; — rat it, I'm done for. — As for the — '1 — savages, what have I to say — 1 — 1 — . But I reckon scalping' s not much ; — 1 — 1 — one soon gets used to it !"' And thus the young Kentuekian, his blood oozing fast, his mind wandering, his Utterance failing, muttered, resigning him self to his fate, ignorant that even Stackpole was no longer at his side to hear him. TTig fate did indeed seem to be inevitable ; for, while Stackpole had him by the hand, vainly tugging to get him on his feet, three different Indians were seen running with might and main to quench the last spark of his exis tence, arid to finish Stackpole at the same time. But in that very emergency, toe ill-lack which seemed to pursue the horse- thief and all with whom he was associated, found a change ; and destiny sent them both assist ance in a way and by means as unexpected as they were unhoped for. The approach of the savages was noticed by Roaring Ralph, who, not knowing how to save his young executioner, against whom he seemed to entertain no feelings of anger whatever, - and whose approaching fate he appeared well disposed to revenge before hand, clapped his rifle to his shoulder, to make sore of one of the number ; when biw eye was attracted by the spectacle of a horse rushing np toe stony . road, neighing furiously and scattering the Indians before him. It was the ckarger Briareus, who had broken from the tree where he had been fastened below, and now came daabfep. uv toe haL dwfe&cted; with terror, or perhaps burning to nrizle in toe battle, which he had hendufkiiiMfena alar. He galloped by the three TuJUug leaped aside in alarm, while Stackpole, taking ad vantage of the moment, ran np and ricked him by toe bridle. In murfW momBnt, he tu|d assisted toe feinting Ken- toskian upqa toe animal's back, leaped up behind him, and was dashing with wild speed up the hill, yelling with triumph, mid laughing to scpoxthe bullrts that were shot tainly after. Vs bf erOwaa ITMT nx/temg aaoa of the ILiifiirlriem until toeffight flcarcrflxeecdmglmif an hoar. But the poz»rit, wixirii the vistoes imme diately ffenraiwi, luhi a laager 9000; teditiM more than an hem an age of mwpcTiBo to the euffmring ertdiar — before the eouadof whoeptog ou the hill apprised him of their return. They brought wfih them, which eat tone or four different Indians, as ; sasny indeed as emdd get upon toe ssuuffl back, where they dung together, shearing, laughing, and otherwise dinert- ing toaneeiTes,BKse fika joyous sehooIbcTB than stem warriors who bad just fought and won a bloody battle. Bet das eembfenee of mxrto sod good humour lasted no longer than while toe ; a&vages; were riding from the hill-top to the ; battie-grotmd, whieh, having reached, thy I sprang upon the ground, and, naming | wildly about, uttered several cries of the ; most mournful character — laments, as Roland | supposed, ova: toe bodies cf their failan com- I J«re«ww»g- In toe midst of ibis barbarous display iff unsatisfied rage, several of the savages ap proached toe unfortunate Rolfifed, and among ; them the old Ptankeriiaw, who, flourishing S his hatchet, already clotted with blood, and I looking more like a demon than a human i bring, made an effort to dash out the soldier's | "brains, in which, however, he was restrained by two younger savages, who caught him in | flirir arms, muttered somewhat in their ; own tongue, which mollified his wrath in a | Tufignentj canring him to burst into a roar of | obstreperous l&nghts.; " Ees — good he cried, grinning with ; apparent benevolence and friendship over r the hapless youth ; " no hurt Long- knife : I take him Pxankeshaw nation ; make good ; friend squaw, papoose — all brudders, Long- | knife." With these expressions, of toe purport of i which Roland could iiTi<ferg£rai bat little, Le left him, retiring with the rest, as Roland ! soon saw, to conceal or bury the bodies of his r sl∈ comrades, which were borne in the ! arm" of the survivors to toe bottom of the i hill, and there carefully and in silence de- | posited among thickets, or in crannies of \ toe rock. j The ceremony completed, Roland was again j visited by his Piankeehaw friend, Rud thp | two young warriors who had saved his life S before, and were perhaps still fearful of I trusting it entirely to toe tender TWAmipts of the senior. It was fortunate for Roland ( that he was thus attended, for toe old ! warrior had no sooner approached him than he began to weep and groan, uttering an harangue, which, although addressed, as it peemfri, entirely to toe prostrate captive, was | in the Indian tongue, and therefore wholly wasted upon his ears. Nevertheless he could perceive that the Tfidiau was relating some- thinsr that weighed very heavily upon li» mind ; that he was warming with the sub ject, and even working hiwlf up into a passion ; and, indeed, he had not spoken Tery long before his visage changed from grief to wrath, and from wrath to the ex treme of fury, in which he began to h«t«dfa his hatchet as on the previous occasion, making every demonstration of toe best dis position in toe world to bury it in toe pri soner's brain. He wasagain arrested by the y onng ravages, who mattered something in his eiras before, and agam the effect was te convert nig anger into merriment ; the change bring effected with a facility that might well have ama»vl toe prisoner, had his despair permitted Mm to fori any lighter emotion. ''Good!" cried the old warrior, as if in reply to what the others had raid ; " Lang- knife go Manketoaw nation, great sight for Piauke-kaw !" They seemed, to have suffered a consider able loss in toe battle ; twelve bring >m? «hole number now to be seen ; and most of these, judging from the fillets of rags and bundles of green leaves tied about their limbs, had been wounded; two of them to all appearance very severely, if not mortally, for they lay upon the earth, a little apart I from the rest, in whose motions they seemed to take no interest. I As Roland approached, he looked in vain, amid toe throng, for his kinswoman. Neither she nor Telle Doe was to be seen. But, casting his eye wildly around, it fell upon a little grove of trees, not many yards off, in which he could perceive the figures of horses, as well as of a tall barbarian, who stood on its edge, as if keeping guard, wrapped, not withstanding the sultriness of toe weather, in a blanket, from chin to foot, while his was as warmly invested in toe ample folds of a huge scarlet handkerchief. In that copse, Roland doubted not, toe savages had concealed a hopeless and captive, the being for whom he had struggled and suffered so long and so vainly, the maid whose forebodings of evil had been so soon and so dreadfully realised. In toe meanwhile, toe Indians on toe road, side began the business for which they fry! assembled: that seemed to be, in the first place, toe division of spoils, consisting of tha guns, horses, and clothes, of the dead, with sundry other articles, which, bat foi bis un happy condition, Roland would have won dered to behold ; for there were among them rolls of cloth and calico, heaps of hawks' -bells and other Indian trinkets, knives, pipes, powder and ball, and other such articles, even to a key or two of the fire-water, enough to stock an Tnflian trading-house. Those, wherever and however obtained, were distributed equally among the Tudia«al by a man of tighter skm than themselves, a half-breed, as Roland supposed. Hie distribution icing effected, and evi- j dently to the satisfaction of all present, the savages turned their looks upon toe prisoner, eyeing him with mingled triumph and exul tation ; and the old presiding officer, or chief, as he seemed to be, shaking off his abstrac tion, got upon his feet, and him an harangue ; imitating therein the ancient Ftankeshaw, though with this difference, that, whereas the latter spoke entirely in his own tongue, toe former thought fit, «mwig abundanoe of Indian phrases, fo introduce some that were sufficiently English to enable the soldier to guess, at least, a put of his (TO BX OQHSHOim. 