THE NOVELIST. THE LAST CONFESSION. By HALL CADTE, Author of "The Scapegoat,"''The Bondman,' "Hie Deemster," &o.; CHAPTER IL vainer, wnat voioe was it tnatrangin my ears and cried "Stay, do not travel; all your past from the beginning until to-day, all, your future from to-day until the end hangs on your action now; go, and your past is a waste, your fame a mockery, your suooess a reproaohj remain, and your future is peace ana happi ness and content!" What voioe, rather,; what voiceJ" I Bhut my ears to it, and six days afterwards I arrived at Fez. My journey had impressed two facts upon my mind with startling vivid neas; first, that the Moor would stiok at nothing in his jealousy of the honour of his faith, and next that I was myself a ohanged and coarsened man. I was reminded of the one when in £1 Kassar I saw an old Jew beaten in the open streets beoause he had not removed his slippers and walked barefoot as he passed the front of a mosque; and again inWazz&n;, when I witnessed the weloome given to the Grand Shereef on his return from nis home in Tangiers to his house in the capital of his province. The Jew was the ohief usurer of the town, and had half the Moorish inhabitants in his toils, yet his com mercial power had counted for nothing against the honour of Islam. "X," said he to me that night in the Jewish inn, the Fondak, " 1, who could olap every man of them in the Kasbah, and their masters with them, for moneys they owe me, I to be treated like a dog bv these scurvy BOOB of Ishmael-God of Jacob f" The Grand Shereef was a drunkard, a gamester, and a fornicator. There was no Ordinance of Mohammed which he had not openly outraged, yet because he stood to the people as the descendant of the Prophet and the Father of the Faith, they grovelled on the ground before him and kissed nis robes, his knees, his feet, his stirrups, and the big hoofs of the hone that carried him. As for myBelf, I realized that the atmosphere of the country had corrupted me, when I took out from my baggage a our ved knife in itB silver-mounted sheaf which I had bought of a hawker at Tangier and fixed it pro minently in the belt of my Norfolk jacket. The morning after my arrival in Fez I en countered my American companion of the voyage. Our meeting was a strange one. I had rambled aimlessly with my guide through the new town into the old one until I had lighted by chance upon the slave market in front of the ruins of the anoient Grand Mosque, and upon a human auction which was then proceeding. No scene so full of shame had I ever beheld, but the fascination of the spectacle held me, and I stood and watched and listened. The slave being sold waB a black girl, and she was beau tiful according to the standard of her skin, bare headed, barefooted, and clad as lightly over over her body as decency allowed or lust sug gested, so as to reveal the most of her charms. " Now, brothers," oried the salesman, "look, see," (pinching the girl's naked arms and .roll ing hiB jewelled fingers from her chin down wards over her bare neck on to her bosom) "sound of wind and limb, and.with with rosy, lips fit for the kisses of a King-how muoh ?" " A hundred dollars," cried a voioe out of the crowd. I thought I had heard the voice before, and looked up to see who had spoken. It was a till man with haiik over his turban, and blue eelam on top of a yellow kaftan. "A hundred dollars offered,'1 cried the sales man, "only a hundred. Brothers, now's the chance for all true believers." " A hundred and five," cried another voice. " A hundred and ten. "A hundred and fifteen." "A hundred and fifteen for this jewel of a girl," cried the salesman. "It's giving her away, brothers. By the prophets, if you are not quick I'll keep her tor myself, dome, look'at her, SidL Isn't she good enough for a Sultan? The Prophet (God rest him!) would have leapt at her. He loved sweet women as much as he loved sweet odouTs. Now for the third and last time-how muoh? Bemember, I guarantee her seventeen years of age, sound, strong, plump, sweet, and intact." " A hundred and twenty," cried the voioe I had heard first. I looked up at the speaker again. It was the American in hiB Moorish costume. I could bear no more of the sickening spec tacle, and as I turned aside with my inter preter I was consoious that my oompanion of the voyage was following me. When we came to some dark arcades that divide Old Fez from New Fez the American spoke, and I sent my interpreter ahead. "You see I am giving myself full tether in this exeorable land, he said." "Indeed you are," I answered. " Well, as the Romans in Home, you know it was what I came for," he said. "Takecare,"I replied. "Takecare." " He drew up shortly, and said, " Bv-the way, I ought to be ashamed to meet you/'" I thought he ought, but foroourtesy,:I asked him why. " Because/' said he, I have failed to ac*> up to my principles." " In what?" I enquired. "In saving the life of a scoundrel at the risk of my own," he answered. Then he told me his Btory. " I left Tangier," he said, "with four men in my caravan, but it did not suit me to brinp -them into Fez, so I dismissed them a day's nde from here, paying in full for the whole journey and making a pre sent over. My generosity was a blunder. The Moor cannot comprehend an act of disinte rested kindness, and I saw the ruffians lay their heads together to find out what it oould mean. Three of them gave it up and went off home, but the fourth determined to follow the trace. His name was Larby; he was my guide, and a most brazen hypoorite, always cheating me. I let him do so, it amused me-always lying to my face, and always fumbling his beads-' God forgive me, God forgive me -an appropriate penance, yon know the way of it. "Peice, Sidi!" said the rascal. "Farewell! Allah send we meet in Paradise." But the devil meant that we should meet before that. We have met. It was a hot moment. Do you know the Hamaduhd Mosque? It is a place in a side street sacred to the preaching of a fanatical follower of one Sidi Ali bin Ham dooah, and to certain wild danoes executed inagtass-and-fire-eatwg frenzy. I thought I should like to hear a Moorish D. L. Mopdy, and one day I went there. As I was going in I met a man coming out.^ It was Iiaroy. "Beebal" he whispered with a tragio start that was his own name for me on the journey. "Keep your tongue between your teeth," I whispered baak. I was Beeba yesterday, to day I'm Sidi Mohammed." Then I entered. I spread my paper-mat, chanted my first Sara, listened to a lusty sermon, and oame oafe. There, as I expected, in the blind lane leading from the HamdaahA to the town was Larby waiting for me. "Beeba," said he with a grin, "you play a double hand of cards." "Then," said I, "Take care I don't trump your triok." The rascal had thought X might bribe him, and when he know that I would not I saw tnurder in his face. Be had conceived th idi a of betraying me as tbe next opportunity. At that moment he was as surely aiming at my life as if he had drawn his dagger and ?tabbed me. It was then that I disgraced my principles." "How? how?" I said, though truly I had little need to ask. " We were alone, I tell you, in a blind lane," said the American, "but I remembered stories the man had told me of his children. * Little Eoolia,' he called his daughter, a pretty, bl&clc-eyed; mite of six, who always watohed for him when he was away." I was breaking into perspiration. " Do you mean," I said, "that you Bhould have" "I mean that I should have killed the scoundrel there and then," said the American. " God forbid it," I oried, and my hair rose from my eealp in horror. " Why not 5" said the American. "It would have been an act of zelf-defence. The man meant to kill me. He will kill me still if I give him the chanoe. What is the difference be tween murder in a moment and murder after five, ten, fifteen, twenty days? Only that one is murder in hot blood and haste, and the other is murder in oold blood and by stealth. Ib it life that you think so preciouB? Then why should I valut hiti life more than I do my own ?" I shivered, and could say nothing. " You think me a monster," said the Ameri can, " but remember, since we left England the atmosphere has changed." " Remember, too, I said," that this man can do you no harm unless you intrude yourself upon his superstitions again. Leave the country immediately; depend upon it he is following you." "Thatis nob possible," said the American, "for I am following him. Until I come up with him I can do nothing, and my existence is not worth a pin's purchase." I shuddered, and we parted. My mind told me that he was right, but my heart clamoured above the voice of reason, and said, " You could.not do it; no, not to save a hundred hundred lives." Ah, Father, how little we know ourselves how little, O, how little! When I think that he shrank back-he who held life so cheap while I-I who held it so dear, BO sacred, so Godlike Bear with me; I will tell all. I met the American at intervals during the next six days. We did not often speak, but as we passed in the Btreets-he alone, I always with my loquacious interpreter-I observed with dread the change that the shadow of death hanging over a man's head can bring to pass in his face and manner. He grew thin and sallow and wild-eyed, nervous and gloomy and morose. One day he btopped me, and said, "I Know now what your Buckshot Forster died ofand then he went on with out another word. But about ten days after our first meeting in tbe slave market he stopped me again, and said quite cheerfully, "he has gone home-I'm satisfied of that now." " Thank God !" I answered involuntarily. " Ah," he said, with a twinkle of the eye, "who says that a man must hang up his hu manity on the peg with his hat in the hospital hall when he goes to be a surgeon? If the poet Keats had got over the first shook to his sensibilities he might have been the greatest surgeon of his day. " You'll be more careful in future," I said, " not to cross the fanaticism of these fana tics?" . He smiled and asked if I knew the Karueein Mosque. I told him I had seen it. " It is the greatest in Morocco," he said. " The Moors say the inner court stands on eight hundred pillars. I don't believe them, and I mean to see for myBelf." I found it useless to protest, and he went his way, laughing at my blanched and bewildered face. " That man," I thought, "iB fit to be the heroof a tragedy, and heiBwasting himself on a farce." Meanwhile I had a shadow over my own life which would not lift. That letter which I had received from home at the moment of leaving Taugier had haunted me throughout the journey. Its brevity, its insufficiency, its delay, and above all its conspicuous omission of all mention of our boy had given rise to end leBS speculation. Every dark possibility that fancy could devise had risen before me by way of explanation. I despised myself for suon weakness, but self-contempt did nothing to allay my vague fears. The ohild was ill; I knew it; I felt it; I oould swear to it as cer tainly as if my ears could hear the laboured breathing in his throat. Nevertheless, I went on; so much did my philosophy do for me. But when I got to Fez I walked Btraightway to the English post-office to Bee if there waB a letter awaiting me. Of course there was no letter there. I had not reflected that I had come direot from the port through which the mails had to pass, and that if the postal oourier had gone t>y me on the road I must have seen him, which I had not. I was aBhamed before my own consciousness, but all the same the post-office saw me every day. Whatever the direction that I took with my interpreter it led towards that destination in the' iend. And whatever the subject of ceaseless gabble it <vas forced to come round at last to the times and seasons of the mails from England. These were bi-weekly, with various possibilities of casual arrivals besides. Fez is a noble city, the largest and finest Oriental oity I bad yet seen, fit to compare in its oWn much different way of beauty and of splendour of the great cities of the West, the great cities of the earth, and of all time: but for nle its attractions were overshadowed by the gloom of my anxiety. The atmosphere of an' older world, the spirit of the East, the sense of being transported to Bible times, the Btartling interpretations which the Biblical stories were reoeiving by the events of every day-these brought me no pleasure. As for the constant reminders of the presence of Is lam every hour, at every oorner, the perpetual breath of prayer and praise which filled this land that was corrupt to the core, they gave me pain more poignant than disgust. The call of the mooddin m the early morning was a daily agony. I slept three streets from the Karueein minarets, but the voice seemed to float into my room in the darkness, and coil round my head and ring in my ears. Always I wae awakened at the first sound of the sten torian " Allahnkabar," or if I awoke in the eilenoe and thought with a feeling of relief, " ib is over; I nave slept through itthe bowling wail would suddenly break in upon my thanksgiving. There was juBt one fact of life in Fez that gave me a kind of melanoholy joy. At nearly every'turn of a street my ears were arrested by the multitudinous cackle, the broken various voiced sing-song of a children's school. These Moorish schools interested me. They were the simplest of all possible institutes, consisting usually of a rush-covered cellar, two steps down from the street, with the teacher, the Taleb.often ahalf-blind old man, squatting in the middle of the floor, and his pupils seated about him, and all reciting together some passages of the Koran, the only textbook of education. One such school was olose under my bedroom window; I heard the drone of it as early as 7 o'clock every morning, and as often as I went abroad I stood for a moment and looked in at the open doorway. A black boy sat there with i basket foe tbe alms of passers- by, ww a bright-eyed little fellow, six or seven years of age, and he knew one English phrase only. "Comeon," he wonld -say, and nold up the basket and smile. What pathetio interest his sunny face had for me, how he would oheerand touch me, with what strange memories his voice and laugh would startle me, it would be pitiful to tell. Bear with me, I was far from my own darling, I was in a strange land, I was a weak man for all that I was thought bo strong, and my one besetting infirmity- more consuming than a mother's love-was preyed upon by my failing health, which in turn was preying upon it. And if the sights of the streets brought me pain, or pleasure that was akin to pain, what of the sightB, the visions, the drea>ns of my own solitary mind 1 I could not close my eyes in the darkness but I saw my boy. His little child ghost was always with me. He never appeared as I had oftenest seen him- laughing, romping, and kicking up his legs on the hearth rug. Some times he came as he would doat home after he had committed some childish trespass and I had whipped him-opening the door of my room and stepping one pace in, quietly, nervously, half-fearfully, to say good night and kiss me at his bedtime, and I would lift my eyes and see, over the shade of my library lamp, his little sober red-and-white face just dried of its recent tears. Or again sometimes I myself would seem in these dumb dramas of the darkness to go into his room when he was asleep, that I might indulge my hungry foolish heart with looks of fondness that the reproving parent could not give, and find him sleeping with an open book in his handB, which he had made believe to read. And then for Bheer folly of love I would pick up his wee knickerbockers and turn out its load at either side to see what a boy's pockets might be like, and discover a curiosity shop of poor little treasure-a knife with a broken blade, a nail, two marbles, a bit of brass, some string, a eorew, a cruBt of bread, a cork, and the leg of a lobster. While I was indulging this weakness the conviction was deepening in my mind that my boy was ill. So strong did this assurance become at length, that though I was ashamed to give way to it so far as to set my face towards home, being yet no better for my holiday, I sat down at length to write a letter to Wenman-I had written to my wife by every mail- that I might relieve my pent-up feelings. I said nothing to him of my mis givings, for I was loth to confess to them, having no positive reasons whatever, and no negative grounds except the faot that I was receiving no letters. But I gave him a full history of my boy's case, described each stage of it in the past, foretold its probable develop ments in the future, indicated with elaborate care the treatment necessary at every point, and foreshadowed the contingencies under which it might in the end become malignant and even deadly, unless Btopped by the opera tion that I had myself, after years of labour, found the art of making. I spent an afternoon in the writing of this letter, and when it waB done I felt as if a burden that had been on my back for ages had suddenly been lifted away. Then I went out alone to post it. The time was olose to evening prayers, and as I walked through the streets the Talebs and tradesmen, with their prayer mats under their arms, were troopinginto the various Mosques. Going by tne Karueein Mosque I observed that the good Muslimeen were entering it by hundreds. " Some speoial celebration," I thought. My heart was light, my eyes were alert, and my step was quick. For the first time sinoe my ooming to the city, Fez seemed to me a beautiful plaoe. Tne witchery of thescenes of the streets took hold of me. To be thuB transported into a world of two thousand years ago gave me the delight of magic. When I reached the English post-office I found it shut up. On its shutters behind its iron grating a notioe-board was hung out, saying that the office was temporarily closed for the sorting of an incoming mail and the dispatch of an outgoing one. There was a little crowd of people waiting in front-ohiefly Moorish servants of English visitors-for the windows to open again, and near by stood the horseB of the postal oouriers pawing the pave ment. I dropped my letter into the slit in the window, and then stood aside to see if the mail had brought anything for me at last. The window was thrown up, and two letters were handed to me through the grating over the heads of the Moors, who were crushing underneath. I took them with a sort of fear, and half wished at the first moment that they might be from strangers. They were from home; one was from my wife-I knew the envelope before looking at the handwriting the other was from Wenman. I read Wenman's letter first. Good or bad, the news must be broken to me gently. Hardly had I torn the sheet open when I saw what it contained. My little Noel had been ill; he was still so, but not seriously, and I was not to be alarmed. The silence on their part which I had compained of so bitterly had merely been due to their fear of giving me unnecessary anxiety. For his part (Wenman's) he would have written before, relying on my manliness and good sense, but my wife had restrained him, saying she knew me better. There was no oause for apprehension; the boy was going alongas well as could be expested, &o.;, &c.;, &c.; Not a word to indicate the nature and degree of the attack. Such an insufficient epistle must have disquieted the veriest nincompoop alive. To send a thing like that to me-to me of all men! Was there ever so gross a mistake of judgment? I Knew in an instant what the fact must be my boy was down with that old congenital infirmity of the throat. Surely my wife had told me more. She had. Not by design, but unwittingly she had revealed the truth to me. Granville Wenman had written to me, she said, explaining everything, and I was not to worry and bother. All that was possible was being done for our darling, and if I were there I could do no more. The ill»<A»q had to have its course, so I must be patient. All this is the usual jargon of the surgery-I know that Wenman had dictated it-and then a true line or two worth all the rest from my dear girl's own bleeding mother's heart. Our poor Noel was this, and that, he complained of so and bo, and first began to look unwell in such and such ways. It was dear as noonday. The attack of the throat which I had foreseen had oome. Five years I had looked for it. Through five long years I had waited and watched to cheok it. I had laboured day and night that when it should come I might meet it. My own health I had wasted-and for what? For fame, for wealth, for humanity, for scienoe? No, no, no, but for the life of my boy. And now when his enemy was upon him at length, where was I-I who alone in all this world of God conld save him? I was thirteen hundred miles from home. Oh, the irony of my fate! Mv soul rose in rebellion against it. Staggering Wsk through the darkening BtreetB the whole city seemed dead and damned. How far I walked in this state of oblivion I do not know, but presently out of the vague atmosphere wherein all things had been effaced, I became conscious, like one awakening after a drug, of an unusual commotion going on {tiousd. People were running past me and across me in tne direction of the Karaeein Mosque. From that place a loud tumult was rising into the air. The noise was increasing with every moment, and rising to a Babel of human voices. I did not very muoh heed the commotion. What were the paltry exoitements of life to me now? I was repeating to myself the last words of my poor wife% letter, " How I misB you, and wish you were with me 1" "I will go baok," I was telling myself; *' I will go back." In the confusion of my mind I heard snatches of words spoken by the people as they ran by me. " Nazarenee 1" " Ohristian! "Cursed Jew!" These were hissed out at each other by the Moors as they were scurrying past. At length I heard a Spaniard shout up to a fellow-oountryman who was on a housetop, " Englishman caught in the Mosque." At that my disordered senses recovered themselves, and suddenly I became aware that the tumult was coming in my direction. The | noise grew deeper, louder, and more shrill at every step. In another moment it had burst upon me in a whirlpool of uproar. Bound the corner of the narrow lane that led to the Karueein MoBque a crowd of people came roaring like a torrent. They were Moors, Arabs, and Berbers, and they were shouting, Bhneking, yelling, yelping, and uttering every sound that the human voioe oan make. At the first instant I realized no more than this, but at the next 1 saw that the people were hunting a man as hounds hunt a wolf. The man was flying before them; he was coming towards me: in the gathering darkness I could see him; his dress, which was Moorish, was torn into shreds about his body; his head was bare; his chest was bleeding; I saw his face; it was the face of the American, mycompanion of the voyage. He saw me, too, and at that instant be turned about and faced full upon his pursuers. What happened then I dare not tell. Father, he was a brave man, and he sold his life dearly. But he fell at last. He was bub one to a hundred. The yelping human dogs trod him down like vermin. I am a coward. I fled and left him. When I got baok to my lodgings I called for my guide, for 1 was resolved to leave Fez without an hour's delay. The guide was not to be found, and I had to go in search of him. When I lit on him at length he was in a dingy coffee-house, squatting on the ground by toe side of another Moor, an evil-looking sooundrel, who was reciting tome brave adventure to a group of admiring listeners. I called my man out and told him of my pur pose. He lifted his hands in consternation. " Leave Fez to-night ?" he said. " Impossible, my Sultan, impossible! My lord has not heard the order?" "What order?" I asked. I was alarmed. Must I be a prisoner in Moroooo while my child lay dying in England ?" " That the gates be closed and no Christian allowed to leave the city until the morning. It is the order of the Kaleefa, my Sultan, sinoe the outrage of the Christian in the Mosque this morning. I suspected the meaning of this move in an instant, and the guide's answers to my ques tions ratified my fears. One man, out of madness or thirst for revenge, had led th9 attack upon the American, and a orowd of fanatics had killed him-giving him no chance of retreat with his life, either by oiroumciBion or the profession of Islam. But cooler headB had already found time to think of the penalty of shedding Christian blood. That penalty was twofold; first, the penalty of disgrace which would come of the idea that the lives of Christians were not safe in Morocoo, and next, the penalty of hard dollars to be paid to the American Minuter at Tangier. To escape from the double danger the outrage was to be hushed up. Cironmstanoes lent them selves to this artifice. True, that the passage of the American across country had been known in every village through which he had paBBed; but at the gates of Fez he had himselt cut off all traces of his identity. He had entered the oity alone or in disguise. His arrival as a stranger" had not been notified at any of the " clubs or bazaars. Only one man had recognised him. That man was Larby, his guide. The body was to be buried secretly, no Ohristian being allowed to see it. Then the report was to be given out the dead man had been a Moorish subject, that he had been killed in a blood-feud, and that the rumour that he was a Christian caught in the act of defiling the Mosque was an error without the shadow of truth in it. But until all this had been done no Christian should be allowed to pass through the gates. As things stood at E resent the first impulse of a European would e to fly to the Consul with the dangerous news. I knew something of the Moors and their country by this time, and I left Fez that night, but it oost me fifty pounds to get out of it. There was a bribe for the kaid, a bribe for the kaleefa, and bribes for every ragged Jack of the underlings, down to the porter at the gate. With all my honor and the fever of my anxiety I oould have laughed in the face of the first of these functionaries. Between his greedy desire of the present I was offering him, his suspicion that I knew something of the identity of the Christian who had been killed, his misgivings as to the reasons of my sudden flight, and his dread that I would discover the circumstances of the American's death, the figure he cut was a foolish one. But why should I reproach the man's duplicity? I was prac tising the like of it myself. Too well I knew that if I betrayed any knowledge of what had happened it would be impossible that I should be allowed to leave Fez. So I pretended to know nothing. It was a ridiculous interview. On my way back from it I crossed a little company of Moors leading, surrounding, and following a donkey. The donkey was heavily laden with what appeared to be two great panniers of rubbish. It was dusk, bub my sight has always been keen, and I could nob help seeing that hidden under the rubbish there was another burden on the donkey's back. It was the body of a dead man. I bad little doubt of who the dead must-be; but I hastened on and did not look again. The Moors turned into a garden as I passed them. I guessed what they were about to do there, but my own danger threatened me, and I wished to see and know no more. AB I was passing out of the town in the moonlight an hour before midnight, with my grumbling tentmen?and(muleteers at my heels, a man stepped out of the shadow of the gate way arch and leered in my face and said, in broken English, " So your Christian friend is corrected by Allah 1" It was the sooundrel whom I had seen in the ooffee-house. I knew he must be Larby, and that he had betrayed his master at last. Alas, I knew that he waB aware that I had seen all. At that moment, looking down from my horse's back into the man's evil face my whole nature changed. I remembered the one opportunity which the American had lost-out of a wander ing impulse of human tenderness-of saving his own life by taking the life of him that threatened it; and I Baid in my hearb of heart, " Now God in heaven keep me from the like temptation." Ah, Father, do not shrink from me; think of ib, only think of it, I was fifteen hundred miles from home, and I was going back to t»y dying boy. 