FLYING SQUADRON YACHT CLUB. Farewell to Commodore Foy. The members of the Sydney Flying Squad ron Yacht Club chose a most appropriate manner on Sunday of wishing their com modore, Mr. Foy, god speed on his voyage to England. Several months have elapsed since the formation of the squadron, which was due to the pluck and determation of Mr. Foy. He was unanimously elected commodore of the club which has now become the most important in the harbor, tbe fleet mustering 30 of the best racing boats ie the harbor, while the members' roll docs not fall far short of 700. Races of the most exciting and enjoyable character have been provided for the members on alternate Saturdays, and the squadron events are eagerly looked for ward to both by the sailing men and the public. Mr. Foy is to start on a holiday to the old country by the R.M.S, Victoria on Monday next, and on the fact becoming known to the sailing men of the harbor tliey determined to give him a send-off which would fittingly show how they appreciated him as a friend, apart from what he had done to promote the sport of sailing in Port Jackson. The send-off resolved itself into serenading the commodore, the squadron fleet performing a series of evolutions in front of Commodore Foy's residence at Watson's Bay. The fleet, to the number of about 30, rendezvoused in Parsley Bay. They then got under way and sailed to Camp Cove in two divisions, Mr. George Fletcher, in the Victor, conducting operations. The boats formed an exceedingly pretty sight and attracted a large number of spectators to the bay. The yacht Rob Roy, manned by Messrs. T. Cannam, G. L. Gordon, R. F. Henry and Phil Edgar, of the Brough-Bouci- cault Company, of the Criterion, was the flagship, the little craft being decked with bunting from stem to stern. Captain Can- nam had the yacht armed with six guns, and these were discharged in broadsides as the fleet rounded to, skippers and crews paying their respects to the commodore, whom they heartily cheered. The order of the boats, with skippers, was as follows : — Victor, Mr. George Fletcher, sen. ; Enter prise, Mr. George Fletcher, jun. ; Rosetta, Mr. W. Read; Mantura, Mr .F. Hopkinson; Volunteer, Mr. C. Harrison ; Lottie, Mr. C. Fairfax; Latona, 'Mr. Chas. Webb, Ghost, Mr. Arthur Thomas; Susie, Mr. R.Johnson; Our Own, Mr. S. Hellings ; Gazelle, \----; Booralie, Mr. R. Banks ; Re gina, Mr. G. Perritt ; Grace Darling, Mr. D. Hansen ; Kangaroo, Mr. H. Langford; Lavinia, Mr. R. Shepherd; Thistle, Mr. C. P. M'Conville ; Lilian, Mr. T. Leach; Our Tom, Mr. Stannard; Harold, Mr. George Ellis ; Bettina, Mr. W. Wil- thew ; Iris, Mr. F. Gosfell ; Nereus, Mr. W. Sullivan ; Iverna, Mr. F. C. Eaton ; and about two dozen other boats belonging to the squadron nnd kindred clubs. The Johnston's Bay Sailing Club was repre sented by Mr. F. Donovan (commodore), Mr. J. F. Dwyer (hon, secretary), and Mr. C. Collins (secretary). East Sydney Sailing Club by Mr. W. Negus. Port Jackson Sail ing Club by Mr. F. C. Eaton (hon. treasurer). Balmain Sailing Club by Mr. W. Sullivan And Mr. Geo. Fletcher, sen. After the boats had sailed round the flag ship and saluted the commodore the crews, to the number of 400, landed, and had their photos, taken on the lawn. Refreshments were then provided by Commodore Foy. About 5 o'clock the fleet was under way again, each boat going round the flagboat before squaring away, and cheering Mr. Foy, the party ashore returning the hurrahs with interest. The send off to one of the most popular sailing men in the harbor was heartfelt, and it was the most appro priate and delicate recognition of the ser vices rendered by Mr. Foy to the sailing community of Port Jackson. 