DREAMERS'ANiT DREAMS;' The article in the August number of tho 44 Contemporary ” which will oxcito most interest is one by Mr F. Greenwood on 41 Imagination nnd Dreams.” Mr Green wood does not attempt to theorise in any way about his subject, but spe- iks of wlmt he knows from his own experience:— Dream *Facks. Beforo ontering upon the subject of actual dreams, Air Greenwood lingers for a short time over what ho chIIs dream-faces : — It may bo serviceable to remark (wo read) that visious of this kind eotno timea present themselves to us in tho dark when we Hro awake, perfectly sauo, unaware of any sort of physical dis turbance, and without any effort of iinnirinn tiou.They are dream-stulf, so to speak, nnd tho precursors of tho dreams that fill our minds when quite asleep. Quoting from Air F. Gultou, Mr Green wood says Iu this wav a Indy usod to see showors of rod roses, which turned into n flight of golden speckles or spangles ; nnd not only word tho roses presented to her vision us distinctly as real flowers in broad daylight might be, but she could smoll the perfume. “ A FACE, ASP NOTHING MORE.” Ho then goes on to say :— There is nothing like thatin myexpericnco, except that at infrequent tirnos of fatiguo I shnro tho sonsations of thoso who are said to havo discovered a rose-scout flowing from and about them. An ovancsceut but very distinct violot-sceut flushes from my hands, or so I fancy. But M. Maury and Mr Galton relate stories of faces scon in tho dark in like manner; fnoos seemingly standing off upou tho air, nnd coming nnd going as if with a will and purposo of their own. AI. Maury’s experience seems to havo didorod from raino in this particular. In his oaso thoso phantoms nlwnys represented por | sons known to him. In mino it hnn uovorbocn ' so on a siuglo occasion ; ami tho difference is ' a noticoablo one. As I look at thoso facos i asking myself who was ever like that or that, I I find no answer except in a fancied resem blance) to some historical ? or mythological ! personago. They strike tho view as entiroly strango and surprisingly “original.” Pos sibly, Blake's visions were somo such faces no thoso, presented to liia eves in broad day light; I am inolined to think so, beeauso his wonderful, dreadful drawing, “The Ghost ot a Flea,’’is precisely such a transcript as I could havo made by the score had I poseoseod his piotorial skill. Under my own eyelids I havo seen MANY A FACE OF THE SAME AWFUL FAMILY? some even more dreadful still, beiug all astir with animation. But tho greater number of them aro not of tho too terrible kind. After tho fact that nothing foreknowu or fami liar over appears amongst them, tho next most roranrknblo thing about theso visions is that they often look like tho llcet ing embodiment of somo passion or mood of tho tniud; usually not tho bettermost. Some faces, expressivo of a great nobility and sorenity appear, but I havo never seen amongst them tho mask of pity or love, or any soft emotion. Grief tho most despairing, scorn,, cunning, pride, hate, inquiry, envious or triumphant mockery—no huinuti face that over was seen, I feel suro, displayed tlieso emotions with a comparable fitness nnd intensity. It is uot the characterisiin of all but it is of some to au almost appalling ex tent; and it Blake did see these faces, eithor in daylight or in darkness, he had more than his imagination to draw upou when bo depicted tho Pastions. “Tin? OTHEIt- FIDE OF BATH.” Perhaps tho most interesting part of this interesting article is that in which Mr Green wood deals with dreams connected with tho supernatural, and tho mysteries of tho world beyond tho grave. We have only space to quote tho following example :— .As an illustration of this more romnrkablo kind of dreaming I may relate one of a series of droams which followed each othor at intervals of a year precisely—a year and a A longtime ago a gentleman, who may bo called A, lost a child by death. Ho had been very fond and proud of tho boy, who was seven or eight years of ago, I think, when he died. Indeed, between the two thero had always boou a strong sym pathy, and when tho child was taken tho father was pluugcd into tho dcopost grief. Liko many another one in the same situation, his thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question, “ But yet. is ho still iu ex istence ? Is thore a place in this vast uni versa whero I may. think of him ns living, no matter how infinito tho distance, or oven if wo aro parted not only now but for over and Many poor souls havo been tossed about in tho same yearning speculations, day after day, month nfter month, with no diminution of doubt and pain. A. wob ouo of these un fortunates. . To this great troublo was added another, which took the shape of a deep and surprising disappointment. At first ouo of tho poor man's very few comforts had boau that , THE ROY WOULD HAUNT HIS DREAMS, 1 and that they would bo togothor many a time that way. But it is not inraiiably truo that wlmt you think of most you dream of most; uud for all his hoping aud praying the father never ouco dreamt of his eon. That is to say, ho never had any such dream for a whole year, oy whioh time, I daro say, tho praying had been given up aud the hope oxhuusted. But then, on tho morn ing of tho child’s death, and at the very hour in whioh ho died, the father woko from a wonderful dream, so intimately aud touch ingly responsive to tho wholo year’s grief that it cannot bo thrown into tho glaro of print. It is only mentioned—togothor with tho fact that after another twelve months of blaok and empty nights nuothcr dream of tho sumo character. occurred at the satno hour—in order to givo its own setting to tho third dream. “and once again it came.” Tho morning had again come round. A dreamed that ho had awakened about dawn, and, thinking of nothing but tho hour to rise, had drawn his watch from under his pillow. In doing so ho saw that it had beeu completely shattered. But how could it liavo been broken so violently, lying whero it hud boons nugly placed a fow hours beforo P A reasonable but an injurious conjccturo oc ourod to him ; at sorno timo in tho night tho watch had been taken from beneath tho pillow by his wife, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there could bo no other explanation, ho was about to drop asleep again to got rid of ill-humor ut tho accident (this is all in tho droaui, bo it under stood), when tho door opoued andincamo a foreman of works to whom A. gavo instruc tions every day, and between whom and him self there was a groat likiug. It scorned as if tho mau had come for tho usual draft of work to bo douo, and it did not strike As a 1 anything out of the way that ho should bo visited in hia bedroom for it. But ho was struck by THE LOOK OF MYSTERIOUS INQUIRY ON THE man’s face. Tho next moment bo connected this look with tho broken watch, and drow it out again; tho glass gone, tho hands swept from tho dial, but seeming less liko his own watch now. What was tho moaning of it V While A. was asking himself this question in a sort of ox poctauttropidation, tho foreman of works said, “Put it to your ear, Bir.” This A. did; and, as ho listonedtotho oven beat within tho other said, 4‘ Sir, wo know how cntioh you aro eroublcd, and this is our way of showing you that, though every sign of lifo is destroyed, life may still bo goiug on.” Whereupon A. woko 14 all of a trcmblo,” hoard tho tranquil tick-tiokiug of his watch under tho pillow, aud, when ho could compose bimeolf to take it forth, saw that the hands stood at within iivo or eight minutes of tho timo when his boy diod on tho samo day iu tho calendar. TJIE USE OF DREAMS. But whilo, on tho whole, dreams do not further tho practical progress of tho world Mr Groouwood thinks that they may serve somo practical purpose. Nearly all dreamors oan bo brought into ono theory—namely, that sluco in dreams wo pass through & great variety of experiences, none of whioh aro over likely to befall us in real lifo, wo are put to tests of charanter which wo should never endure otherwise;, and,J there 'fo'ro,* thtit' we ought* to oomo to a bettor Acquaintance with oursolvoa. Thua if I havo never boon placed in a situation of oxtreme j danger, oh hr attack of murdor thieves, or I in a burning house (together with othora 1 more helpless, perhaps), how nm I to know what toy feelings and conduct I would really bo under such circumstances? ! Think of himeolf what ho may, no caudid man enn give n confident answer to that ques tion. It is a common oxporianco to discover mone'saelf asurpristug coolness and rosotirco, or a totally unsuspected nnd crushing cowardice, undor a sudden sovoro test. To ! somo such test, it has beou surtnisod, we 1 (ire frequently oxposod iu dreams ; passing i through emotions strong enough to alioctour* physical senses no Icbs than if tlio dangor : were renl—aa broken knuckles and quaking limbs toatify wheu wo awako—and therefore allthcmoroto bo trusted as like to tkoso , which wo should actually oxporienoo if tho dream were reality; i 