I ADA THE LILY. I By H. RIDER HAGGARD. I Coptbight, 1891, BY H. RIDEB Haggard. (all bights reserved.) I CHAPTER XXVL— (Continued.) Kow when tho soldiers had eaten .bnndantly of the store of the Halakazi, and guards had been sent to ward the "ttle and watch against snrpriae Urn- Logaas spoke long with Nada the H tilv t»ki"g her apart, and he told her She told him also all the I (ale that von know, my father, of how jjjj had lived with the little people that were subject to one nm, ?"V her mother Macropha, and how the fame of her beauty had epreadabont the land. Thy, she told him of how the Halakazi. had claimed her, and of how, in the end, they had taken her by force of arms, I killing the people of that kraal, and among themherown mother. Thereafter, | she bad dwelt among the Halakazi, who I named her anew, calling her the Lily, aD(j they had treated her kindly, giving j,M reverence because of her sweetness snd beauty, and not forcing her into marriage. i .nd why would you not wed, Nada, my aister,' asked IJmelopogaas, you who are far pant the age of marriage I' I . hfay, I do not know,1 she answered, I hanging her head ; ' but I have no heart that way. 1 only sees to oe lere I NowUmslopogaas thought awhile and g-ohe. 1 Do you not know then, Nada, ,/L it is that I have made this war, and I why the people of the Halakazi are dead and scattered and their cattle the prize I 0 my arm ? I will tell yon : I am come | here to win you, whom I knew only by (sport as the Lily maid, the fairest of I women, to be a wife of Dingaari. ' The reaeon that I began this war was to win I you and make my peace with Dingaao, I god now I have carried it through to the end.' H Now when she heard the89 words, Nada the Lily trembled and wept, and, sinking to the earth, she clasped the I knees of Umslopogaas in supplication : B ' Oh, do not this cruel thing by me, your I sister,' ehe prayed ; £ take rather that fl great axe and make an end of me, and fl of the beauty which has wrought so fl much woe, and most of all to me who fl wear it ! Would that I had not moved fl my head behind the shield, but had fl snffered the axe to fall upon it. To fl this end I was dressed as a map, that I fl might meet the fate of a man. Ah ! a fl enrae be on my woman's weakness that fl snatched me from death to give me np fl to shame fl Thus she prayed to U mslopogaas in her I low eweet voice, and his heart was shaken in him, though, indeed, he did not now purpose to giva Nada to Din- fl gam, as Baleba was given to Chaka, perchance ia the end to meet the fate of H Bileka. fl 'There are many, Nada,' he said, H who would tbink it no misfortune that fl they should be given as a wife to the fl fist of chiefs.' 'Then I am not of their number 'she fl ssssered ; ' nay, I will die first, by my fl oira hand if need be.' fl Now, Umslopogaas wondered how it cameabout that Nada looked on marriage thus, but be did not speak of the matter ; he arid only, ' Tell me, then, Nada, bow I can deliver myself of this charge. I most go to Dingaau as I promised our father Mopo, and what shall 1 say to H Dlng.au when he asks for the Lily whom I went out to pluck and whom Iris heart H desires 1 What shall I say to save myself H alive from the wrath of Dingaau J' Jfl Then Nada thought and answered, H 'You shall say this, my brother. You fl shall tell him that the Lily, being clothed S in the war-dress of a warrior, fell by chance in the fray. See, now, none of fl your people know that you have found H me ; they are thinking of other things fl than maids in the hour of their victory, fl This, then, is my plan : we will search fl now by the starlight till we ..find the H body of a fair maid, for, doubtless, some fl were killed by hazard in the fight, and H on her we will set a warrior's dress, and lay by her the corpse of one of your own H men. To morrow, at the light, you shall fl take the captains of your soldiers and, having laid the body of the girl in the dark of the cave, yon shall show it to fl them hurriedly, and .tell them that this H was the Lily, slain by one of your own H people, whom in yonr wrath you slew: H also. They will not look loug on so H common a sight, and if by hazard they H see the maid, and think her riot so very' fl fair, they will deem that it is death H which has robbed her of her comeliness. H So the tale which yon most tell to I Dmgaan shall be built np firmly, t£h9 Dingaau Bhall believe it to bB true.' fl 1 And how shall this be, Nada V asked Umslopogaas. ' Haw shall this be when B men see you among the captives and know you by your beauty ! Are there, then, two such Lilies in the land I' 'I shall not be known, for I shall riot be seen, Umslopogaas. Yon must set me free to-night. I will wander hence disguised as a youth and covered with fl 1 blanket, and if any meet me, who shall say that I am the Lily f I m ' where will you wander, Nada ! To your death! Must we, then, meet fl no many years to part again for ever!' fl > ii ' ere was it that you said yon I !rd' coter ' Beneath the shade I OBt Mnnntsin, that men may I by a shape of Btone which Is fashioned like an old woman frozen into fl etone, was it not ! Tell me of the road thither.' Umslopogaas told her the road, fl ana she listened silently. ' Good,' she said. ' I am stroog and my feet STfi fivift; nAfhftna fihev tna.v fl 7® brio8 me w faL and . perhaps, the shadow of' that mountain yon will find me a hut to hide.in, Umelo- pogaas,1 my brother.' ' I 'Surely it ehall be so, my sister,' Wtwred Umslopogais, laridi yet the' fl wJ m long and muy dangers lie in the fl Path of a maid journeying .alone, with- out food or shelter,' and as be spoke . gmlopogaae .thought of Zinita, his wife, fl K a Sjmsed that she would not love I Mhteugh 8ha was only his aster, fl j Mill, it must be travelled, and the I .Su" TAe msw I «. TImdopagaaa%uniolGalKi fl Wolf and told fifth atf thisrloiy.ior Galazi was the only man whom he could trust. The Wolf listened in silence, marvelling the while at the beanty of Nada, as the starlight showed it. When everything was told, he said only that he no longer wondered that the people of the -Halakazi bad defied Dingaau and brought death upon themselves for the sake of this maid. Still, to be plain, his heart thought ill of the matter, for death was not done with yet : there be fore them shone the Star of Death, and he pointed to the Lily. Now Nada trembled at his words of evil omen, and the Slaughterer grew angry, but Galazi would neither add to them nor take away from them. ' X have spoken that whichmy, heart hears,' he answered. - Then they rose and went to search amODff the dead for a crir vhn nrnnld' suit their purpose. Soon they found one, a tall arid fair maiden, sndGaiazi bore her in his arms to the great cave. Here in the cave were none trat the dead, and, tossed hither and thither in their last sleep, they looked awful fn the glare of the torches. " 'They sleep sonnd,' said the Lily, gazing -on them; 'rest iseweet.' We shall soon win' it, maiden," answered Galazi,' and again fcfada trembled. ' .i Then, having arrayed herfhthe dress - of a warrior, and put a shield and appear' by her, they laid down the body of the girl in a dark place in the cave,' and, - finding a dead warrior of the People of the Axe, placed him beside her. Now thfiV Ipff: file MVfl nnd nvafeninrv tLaf- they visited the sentries, Umslopogaas and Galazi passed from spot to spot, while the Xrily walked after them like a guard, hiding her face with a shield and holdiog a spear ie her hand, and having with her a bag of earn and dried flesh. So they passed on, till at ieDgththey came to the entrance in _the .mountain ride.' The stones that had blocked it were pulled down-so as to allow those of the Halakazi to fly who had been spared at the entreaty of Nada; but there were guards "bythe entrance ;to "watch" that nonecameback. Umslopogaaschallenged them, and they sainted him, but he saw that they were worn out with battle and journeying, and knew little of what they saw or said. Then he, Galazi, and Nada passed through the opening on to the plain beyond. Here theSlaughtererandtheLily bade each other farewell, wbileGalari watched, and presently the Wolf sa w U mslopogaas return as one who is heavy at heart; and caught sight of the Lily skimming across the plain lightly like a swallow. I do not know when we two shall meet again,' and Umslopogaas en soon as she bad melted into the shadows of the night. May you never meet,'aus wered Galazi, ' for I am sure that if yon meet that Bister of yours will briog death on yet more than those who now lie low because, of her loveliness. She is a Star of Death, and when ehe sets the sky shall be blood red.' Umslopogaas did not answer, but walked slowly through the archway in the mountain side. ' How is this, Chief f said he who was captain of the guard. ' Three -went out, but two return.' ' Fool 1' answered Umslopogaas. 'Are you drunk with Halakazi beer, or blind with sleep! Two went out, and two return. I sent him who was with us back to the camp.' \- 'So be it, fpther,' said : the capfain. 'Two went out, arid two returned T All is well c ' CHAPTER XXVII. THE STAMPING OF Ttnc.CTVg ft On the morrow, the imp! awoke re freshed with sleep, .and, after .they, had eateD, Umslopogaas mustered them. Alas ! nigh apou a half of those who had seen the sou of yesterday would wake no more for ever; The" Slaughterer mustered them and thanked .them for that which they had done, winning fame and cattle. They were merry, recking little of those who were dead, and eaog his praises and the p raises of Galazi in - a loud song. When the hong was ended Umslopogaas "spoke to them again, say ing that the victory was great, and the cattle they had won were countless. Yet. something Was lacking — she was lacking whom be came to seek to be a gift to; Djngaan.the king, and for' whose sake this war was made. Where now was the Lily ! Yesterday she had |weu here, clad in a -mooefca like a man arid bearing a shield ; this he knew from the captives. . Where, then, "was ehe Aow ! Then all the soldiers said that they had 6een nothing of her. When they bad done Galazipoke f word, as was agreed betweeriium and G>nelopogaas. He Eaid thai "when=. they \t stormed the jcave-fae bad seen knatn tun ate warrior in the cave to kiU hiux'Then as be came, _he, _wh.o was. aboujto ,.be_ dain, . Jthre w down the shield and cried for mercy, and Galazi knew that this was no warrior" of the Halakazi, bat a very beantiful girl, bo he called to the man to let her alone and not to tonch her. for the order was tbat ho "women shonld be killed. But the soldier, being mad with the lust of fight,' shouted that maid or man she should die, and slew her. Thereon, he — Galazi— In Ids wrath ran' np and smote the man with the Watcher and killed him also, and he prayed that he , had done no wrong. ; Yon haye done well, my brother, said Umriopogaas. ' Come now, some' of you, and let us look at this dead girl. Perhaps it is the Idly, and if so that is unlucky for us, far I do. not know what tale we shall tell to Dingaan ' of the matter.' So. the captains went with Umriopo- gaas'hnd Galazi, and-came to the spot where the girl had been laid, and by her the .man of the People of the Axe. All is as the Wolf, my brother, has AmU mM 1 1 melmwMMaa iuarl»g tha tercblnhiB hariflbyef the two who lay driid.1" ' Here/ without a'douot, lies she' ,who was .named the Lily, whom we came to win, 'ariS by her \hat Tool who slew liar, slain liinwlf by the blow of the Watishef." k&riSll; sight 'te sec/ had an ill tale for, me to heU at ,kraalLof Din gaan'. Still, what Is is, and cannot be' altered ; and this maid who waB the; fairest of the fair fa now nonetoo lovely; to look on. Let -ris away iWnd he turned swiftly, then spoke again say- fBuBl m tiils deadgirl in ox_hides, Then the eaptelnB said : ' Sorely it is so, my father ; now it cannot be altered, and Dingaan must miss his bride.' . So said they all except that man who had been captain of "the guard when Umslo pogaas and Galazi and another passed through the archway. This man, Indeed, said nothing, yet he was not without his thoughts. For it seemed to him that he had seen three pass through the arch way, and not two. It seemed to him, moreover, that the karosB which the third wore had slipped aside as she pressed past him, and that beneath it he had seen the shape of a beautifal woman, and above it had caught the glint of a woman's eye — an eye full and dark, like a buck's. Also, this captain noted that Balalio called none of the captives to swear to the body of the Lily maid, and that he cifiAfllr tlio tAWilt fn and fm oj> ha halt) If. over -her— he whose hand was of the steadiest. All of this he kept in his mind, forgetting nothing. \- Now it chanced Afterwards, on the homeward march, my father, that Um-' siopogaas had cause to epeak sharply to this' man, because he strove to rob another of 'iris share of the spoil of the Halakazi He spoke' sharply to him, degrading him from his rank, and Betting mother over him. Also he took cattle from the man, and gave them to him whom he would have-robbed. Arid: thereafter, though he was justly nerved,' this man though more and more of the third who had passed through the arch of the cave and had not returned, and wbo -seemed to him to have a fair wvuiBU a ounyq auu wj WJ « xuvu gMmuwt lite those of a woman. On that day, then, Umslopogaas began iris march to the kraal Uugugundhlovu, where Dingaan sat. .But before he set his face homewards, in the presence of the soldiers, he asked Galazi the Wolf if he would come back with him, or if he woeld stay to be chief of the Halakazi, as he was by right of' birth and war. Then tbe Wolf laughed, and answered that, he- bad come out to seek for venge ance, -and not for the place of a chief, also that there were few of the Halakazi people left over whomhe might rule if he wished. Moreover,, he added this: that, like twin trees, they two blood- brethren had grown up aide by side till their roots were matted together, and that, were one of them dug up and planted in Swazi soil, he feared leat both should wither, or, at the least, that he, .Galazi should wither, who loved but one man aod certain wolves. So Umslopo gaas said no more of the chieftainship, hut began hie journey. With him he brought a great number of cattle, to be a gift for Diugaao, and a multitude of captives, young women and children, for he would appease the heart of Dingaan, because he did not bring her whom he sought — the Lily, flower of flowers. Yet, hecaase he was cautious and put little faith in the kindness of kings, Umslopo gaas, as soon as he reached the borders of Zdlnland, sent the best of the cattle and the fairest of the maids and children on to .'the kraal of the People of the Axe by tlie Ghost Mountain, And he who had been captain of tbe guard but now was a common soldier noticed this also. Now, it chanced that on a certain morning I, Mopo, sat in the kraal Umgugundblovu in attendance on Din gaan. For still I waited on the king, though he had spoken no word to me, good or bad, sines the yesterday, when I foretold to bim that in the blood of the white men whom he had betrayed grew the flower of his own death. For, - my father, it was on the morrow of the slaying of the Amaboona thatUmslopo- rra e o /so m a f.n t.ha Irrael I i mfrnannHnmni Now, the mind of Dingaan was heavy, and he sought something to lighten it. Presently he bethought himof the white praying man who had come to the kraal seeking to teach us people of the Zulu to worship other gods than the assegai . and the .king. Now, this was a good man, but no luck went with his teaching, which was hard to understand ; and, moreover, the iudunas did not like it, because it seemed to set a master over the master, and a king over tire king, and to preach of peace to those whose trade was war. Still, Dingaan sent for thq white man that he might dispute with him, for Dingaari' thought that he himself was the cleverest of all men.. Now, ihte white man came, but his face was pale, because of that which he had seen befall the Boers, for he was gentle and hated snch sights: -The king bade him be seated and spoke to him- saying— 'The other day, O White Man, thou toldeat me of a place of fire whither those go letter ' death who have done, wickedly in life. Tell ine now of thy wisdom, do my fathers .lie is that place!' r ' How cau l know, King,' answered the ptayerdbctor, 'who riiay not judge of the deeds of inen! This Isay only: that those who murder and rob and oppress the Innocent and bear false witness shall lie in that place of fire.' _ .'Jt Beems Jhat my„thers have done all these things, and if they are in this placB l-wpnld gqhsre also, for I am minded te be with, my fathers . at the Jast, xei l tninE roar x snouia ana. a. 'way to escape from this place if ever I riame there.' .' '.How,- King !" : Now, Dingaan had. set this trap for the prayer-doctor. In the centre of that great open space where he had caused the Boris to be fallen open he had built up a great pyre of wood — brushwood beneath. and on the top of the brush wood logs, and even "whole trees. Per haps, my father, -'there were 'sixty, iull wagon-loade of dry wood piled together there in the' centre of the place. ' Thou shaft see with thine eyes, White Man,' he answered, and bidding attend ants set fire- to the pile All . round, ' he summoned that regiment of young men which .was left in the. kraal. Maybe there were a tbonsand-and half a thous- ancL iof them — riot more— the same that had tiaio the Boers. .; . : / Now the fire began -to burn- fiercely, ana the -regimierit .filed in and took its place ia ranks! all had come,itepyM j jWMrcterjrwbere a riheet pf raging flame/, and, thongh we -art a hundred paces/ from- it, /its .-'beat, was (great when the wliill turned our :rey. . /> - - ' . "Now, Doctor of Prayera," is'thy Lot. place hotter than yohder fireT arid the Hrigl-.oii >Tv «:si1.t/.VX«K.V ,r: :,i:(;Ple;riusered 'that he did /'hotjnow,-: hot ;he 'fire was riertainiy'hot Then r wUl 8howthrie'rhow /IvvUli tsopie ont of it if oyM- Lgo to Ue in such a fire— -ay, tho'pgh It he tmi tfrneabig and fierce. Ho ! my children f he cried to. the soldiers, and, springing rip. 'You see yonder fire. Run swiftly and stamp it fiat with your feet. "Where there was fire let there be blackness and ashes.' Now the White Man lifted hie hands and prayed Dingaan not to do this thing that should he the death of many, but the king bade him be silent. Then he turned his eyes upward and prayed to his gods. For a moment also the soldiers looked on each other in doubly for the fire raged furiously, and spouts of flame shot high toward the heaven, and above it and abont it the hot air danced. But their captain called to them loudly : ' Great ia the king ! Hear the words of tteking, who honours you! Yesterday we ate np the Amaboona — it was noth ing. There is a foe more worthy of onr valne. Hnma. mv rJiiMran. lafc no vanli — vi — v — — i us in the fire— we who are fiercer than the fire 1 Great is the king who honours us V Thus he spoke and ran forward, and, with a roar, after him sprang the soldiers, rank by rank. They were brave men indeed ; moreover, they knew that if death lay "before them death also awaited him. who lagged behind,- and it is far better to.die with hononr than ashamed. On tbey went, as to the joyof battle, their captain leading them, and as they went they sang the Ingomo, the war-chant of. the Zulu. Now the captain neared the raging fire ; we saw him lift his shield .to keep off its heat. Then he was gone — hehad sprang -into the heart of the fire, and bat little of him -was ever found -1- It. LI . ,. . , Bgam. .oxter mm went tne nrsc com pany. In they went, beating at ..the fiames with their ox-hide shields, stamp ing them out with their naked feet, tearing down the bnrniug logs and casting them aside. Not one man of that- company lived, my father; they ell down, like moths which flatter through a candle; and where they fell they perished. Bnt after them came other companies, and it was well for those in this fight who were last to grapple with the foe. Now a great smoke was mixed with tbe flame, now the flame grew less arid less, and the smoke more and more ; and now black ened men, hairless, naked, and blistered, white with the scorching of the fire, staggered oat on the farther ride of the- flames, falling to earth here and there. After tbem came others ; now there was no flame, onlv a ereat smoke in which men moved dimly ; and now, my father, it was done: they had conquered the fire, and that with but- very little to tbe last seven -companies, though every -man had trodden it. How many perished! — nay, I know not, they were never counted: but what between the dead and tbe injured that regiment was at half strength till the king drafted more men into it. See, Doctor of Prayers,' said Dingaan, with a laugh, ' thus shall I escape the fires of tbat laud of which thou tellest, if such there be indeed : I will bid my impis stamp them out.' Then the praying man went from th e kraal saying that he would teach no more among the Zulus, and afterwards he left the land. When he had gone tbe burnt wood and the dead were cleared away, the injured were doctored or tilled according to their hurts, and those who had little harm came before the ting and praised him. ' New shields and headdresses must be fouod for you, my children,' said Dingaan, for the shields were black and shrivelled, and of headsof hair and plumes there were but few left among that regiment. Iroio i said Dingaan again, looking at the soldiers who still lived : ' shaving will be easy and cheap in that place of fire of which the white man speaks.' Then he ordered beer to be brought to tile men, for the heat of the fire had made them thirsty. Now, though you may not guessit, my father,' X have told you this tale because it waa something to do with my story; for scarcely had the matter been ended when messengers came, saying that Balalio, chief of the People of the Axe, and his itiipi were without; having returned with much spoil from the slay ing of the Halakazi in Swaziland. Now when I heard this my heart leaped for joy, seeing that I had feared greatly for the fate of Umslopogaas, my fosteriiog. Dingaau also was very glad, and, spring ing up, danced to and fro like a child. : ' Now at last we have good tidings,' he -said, at once forgetting the stamping of the fire, 'and now ehall my eyes behold that Idly whom my hand has' longed to pluck. Let Balalio and -his people enter Bwiftly.' For a while there was silence ; then from far away,' without the high fence of - the great place, there came a sound of singing, and through the gates of the kraal rushed two great men, wearing black plumes upon their beads, having black shields in their left hands, and in their right, one an axe and one a club ; while about their shoulders were bound wolf-skins. They ran low, <neck' and -neck, 'with outstretched: shields ' and heads held forward, as a buck ruus when he is hard pushed by dogs, and no such running hod been seen in the kraal Umgugundblovu as the running of tbe Wotf-Brethreu. Half across, the space they ran, and halted suddenly, and, - as they halted, the dead ashes of the fire flew up before their feet in a little cloud. By my bead ! look; these oomearmed before me!' said Dingaan, frowning, ' and to do this is death. Now, say who is that man, great and fierce, -who bears an axe alofal Did X: not : know ddm dead I should say it was the Black One, my brother, aa he was in thedayenf the siuiting of Zwide : <eo was iris head set on his shoulders and so he teas wont to look round, "lite Aiion.J ' " '.XjhlokthatiBBulalio|dia Slaughterer, chief of the People of the Axe, O Ring,' I answered.-.-! i And who ie the other . with him ! He is A great man also, Never have I seen such a pair.!.' ; , . ' X think that is Galazi the,- Wolf, he who is blaod-brother to the Slaughterer, and hie geueFaL'. J'pfid again. - - .Now, after these two«ame the.soldlers -of the. People rf ' the : Axe, armed -witb short sticte slope. Four „hy ; four . they came, pll hplding their heads low. - and with: Mack, shields outstretched,' nd formed themselves, into -companies.- be hind, the Wolf-Brethren, Mil :11 .were ithjxAn Then, afterthem.ithe jprowiflW Xhe JffplitkBriptiyte were drivpniln ;wom?ih)lK>ye,«md.ptid%Agt:nuinberi srl ARdii-thqfijti ihhhinyl jjflw ;«w!p huddled togrihe lite..4rigtemied calves. A gallant eight,- - truly!' said Dingaari, as he' looked upon the com panies of black-plumed and shielded warriors. 'I have no better soldiers in my itnpis, and yet my eyes behold them now for die first time,' and again he frowned. Now, snddenly Umslopogaas lifted his axe and started forward at full speed, and after him thundered the companies. On they rushed, and their plumes lay back upon the wind, till it seemed as though they must stamp us fiat. But when he waa within ten paces of the ting Umslopogaas lifted Groan-Maker again, and Galazi held the Watcher on high, and every man halted where he was, while once more the duet flew up in-clonda They halted in long, un broken lines, with outstretched shields and headnheld low no man's head nun more than the length of a dance-kerrie from the earth. So they Btood one minute, then, for tbe third time, Um slopogaas lifted' Groan-Maker, and in an instant every man staaightened him- sejf, each shield was tossed on high, and from every throat was roared the royal salute, BoyiteV ' A pretty sight, forsooth,' quoth Din gaau ; but these soldiers are too well drilled who have never dbne me service, nor the Black One who was before me, and this slaughterer is too good a cap tain, Isay. Come hither, ye twain!' he cried aloud. Then the Wolf-Brethren strode for ward and stood before'the ting, and for a while they looted upon each other. CHAPTER XXVII L THE LILY IS BROUGHT TO DINGAAN. How are yon named !' said Dingaan. 1 We are named Balalio the Slaughterer and Galazi the Wolf, O King,' answered Umslopogaas. ' Was it thou who didst send a certain message to the Black One who is dead, Balalio! ' ' Yea, O King, I sent a message, bat from all 1 have heard, Masllo, my mes senger, gave more than the message, for he stabbed the Black Oae. Masllo had an evil heart.' Now Dingaan winced, for he knew well that he himself and one Mopo had stabbed the Black One, bnt he thought that this outland chief had not heard that tale, so he said no more of themes- sage. JQ.OW ib ID boaii jre aue HI UUIUC utuure me armed ! Know ye not the rnle that he who comes armed before the king dies V We have not heard that law, O King,' said Umslopogaas. Moreover, there is this to be told : by virtue of the axe X bear I rule alone. If I am seen without the axe, then any man may take my place who. can, for the axe is chief- tainess of the People of the Axe, and he who holds it is its servant.' ' A strange law,' said Dingaau, but let it pass. And thou, Wolf, what hast thou to say of that great club of thine !' 1 There is this to be told of the clnb, 0 King,' answered Galazi : ' by virtue of the club I guard my life. If I am seen without the club, then may any man take my life who can, for the club ia my Watcher, not I Watcher of the club.' ' Never waa thou nearer to tbe losing of both club and life,' said Dingaan angrily. ' It may be so, O King,' answered tbe Wolf. ' When the hour is, theD, with out a doubt, the Watcher shall cease from hie watching,' 1 Ye are a strange pair,' quoth Din gaan. ' Where have yon been now, and what is your business at the Place of the Elephant P We have been in a far country, O King 1' answered Umslopogaas. ' We have wandered in a distant land to search for a Flower to be a gift to a king, and in our searching we have trampled down a Swazi garden, and yonder are some of those who tended it' — aod he pointed to the captives — ' and without are the cattle that ploughed it.' 'Good, Slaughterer ! I see the gardens, and I hear the lowing of the cattle, but what of the Flower ! Where is this Flower ye went so far to dig in Swazi soil! Was it a Lily bloom, perchance f It was a Lily-bloom, O King! And yet, alas Mho Lily has withered. Noth ing is left but -the stalk, white and withered as are the bones of men:' ' What meanest thou P said Dingaan, starting to his feet. \- 'That the king shall learn,' answered Umslopogaas; and, turning, he spoke a word to the captains who were behind him. Presently the rankB opened up, and four men ran forward from the rear of the companies. On their shoulders they bore a stretcher, and on the stretcher lay something wrapped about with raw ox-hides and bound round with rimpis. The men saluted, and laid their burden down before the ting; — Open !' said the Slaughterer ; and they opened, and there within the hides, paiied in salt, lay the -body of a girl who once was tall and fair. Here lies the Lily's stalk, O King !' said Umslopogaas,' pointing with the axe, but if her flower blooms on any air, it is nothere.' - Now, Dingaan stared at the right of - <daath,--and bitterness of heart took hold ! :of hiiri, since he had desired above all- tilings to win the beauty of the Lily for himself. ' Take away this -carrion and -cast it to the dogs !' he cried, for thus he could apeakjofher whom he would have taken to wife, when once ha deemed her dead. 1 Take it away, and thou, Slaughterer, tell me how it came.about that the maid was slaiiu 'Itwiil be wail for thee if thou hast'e jgood answer, lor know thy life -hangs on the words.' So Umriepogaas told the ting all that tale which had been made ready against 1 the wrath of Dingaan. And when he had nmsuea uaiazi rom ma entry, or now ne had rieen ihe soldier slay tile iriaid, and in his wrath had slain the soldier. Then certain of 'the captains Who ted seen the soldier aiid the'inaid lying in one death came £>nhuM «nd spoke to it . Now, Dingnn was very angry, And yet .there was , nothing to be done. .'The Lily was dead, aqd by no fault of any except of one, who was ; also dead and teyendhisraach. Git y bu herice/'you ted your pbople,'. be to the Wolf -Brethren. I take that L do not take all your lives aIbo— first/ terawBrihawdiu'totnakewar having made war, ye have so brought it about that, though ye faring me the body of her I sought, ye do not bring the ife.' Now, when the king epoke of taking the lives of ail the People of the Axe, Umslopogaas smiled grimly and glanced at hie companies. Then, saluting the Iking, he turned to go. But as he turned a man sprang forward from the ranks and called to DingaaD, saying — 1 Is it granted that I may speak truth before the king, and afterwards sleep in the king's shadow!' Now, this was that man who had been captain of the guard on the night when three passed out through tbe archway and two returned, that eame man whom Umslopogaas had degraded from his rank. wfwfa uuj tutiu ari< Baie, uiowurou Dingaan. ' O King, thy ears have been filled with lies,' said the soldier. Hearten, O King 1 I was captain of the guard of the gate ou that tight of the slaying of the Halakazi. Three came to the gate of the mountain — they were Balalio, the Wolf Galazi, and another. That other was tall and slim, bearing a great shield high— -so. As the third passed the gate, the kaross he wore brushed against me and slipped aside. Beneath that kaross was no man's breast, O King, but the shape of a woman, welloigh white in 'colour, aod very fair. In drawing back the kaross this third one moved the shield. Behind that shield was no man's face, O King but the face of a girl, lovelier Mian tne moon, and navug eyes brighter than the stars. Three went out at the mountain gate, O King, only two returned, and, peeping after them, it seemed that I saw the third ranting swiftly across the plains, as a young maid rnns, O King. This also, Elephant, Balalio yonder denied me when, as captain of the guard, I asked for the third who had passed the gate, saying that only two had passed. Farther, none of the captives were called to swear to the body of the maid, and now it is too late, and that man who lay beside her was not killed by Galazi in the cave. He was killed outride the cave by a blow of a Halakazi kerrie. I aaw him fall with my own eyes, and slew the man who smote him. One thing more, King of the World, the best of the captives and the cattle are not here for a gift to then — tiino arp ,1 t.hp Irnuil nf R ill pi in Chief of the People of the Axe. I have spoken, O King, yes, because my heart loves not lies. I have spoken the truth, and now do thou protect me from these Wolf-Brethren, O King, for they are very fierce.' Now, all this while tbat the traitor told his tale Umslopogaas, inch by inch, was edging nearer to him and yet rearer, till at length he might have touched him with an outstretched spear. None noted him save I, Mopo, alone, and perhaps Galazi, for all were watching the face of Dingaan as men watch a storm that is about to burst. Fear thou not the Wolf-Brethren, soldier,' gasped Dingaao, rolling bis red eyes ; ' the paw of the Liou guards thee, my servant.' Ere the words had left the kiog'e lips the Slaughterer leaped. He leaped full on to the traitor, speaking never a word, and oh ! his eyes were awfnl. He leaped upon him, he seized him with his hands, lifting no weapon, and in his terrible might he broke bim as a child breaks a stick — nay, I koow not how, it was too swift to see. He broke him, and hurliog him on high, cast him dead at the feet of Dingaao, crying in a great voice — \- xase soy servanc, xa.ing ; oureiy ue sleeps in thy shadow' I' Then there was silence, only through the silence was heard a gasp of fear aod wonder, for no suoh deed as this had been wrought in the presence of the kiDg— no, not since the day of Senzangacona the Root. Now Dingaan spoke, and his voice came thick -with rage, and his limbs trembled. Slay him 1' he hissed. Slay the dog and all with him !' Now we come to a game which I can play,' answered Umslopogaas. Ho, People of the Axe ! Will you stand to be slaughtered by these ringed rats!' and he. pointed with Groan-Maker at those warriors who ted escaped without hurt in the fire, but whose faces the fire had scorched. Then for answer a great shoot went up, a about and a roar of laughter. And this was the shout — 'No, Slaughterer, not so are we minded !' and right and left they faced to meet the foe, while from all along the companies came the cracking of the shaken shields. Back sprang Umslopogaas to head his men ; forward leaped the soldiers of the ting to work the king's will, if eo they might. And Galazi the Wolf also sprang forward towards Dingaan, and, as he sprang, swung up the Watcher, crying fa a great voice — Hold ! Again there was silence, for men saw that the shadow of the Watcher lay dark upon tbe bead or Dingaan. ' It is a pity' that many should die when one wUl suffice,' cried th'e Wolf again. 'Let a blow be struck, and where his shadow lies there shall the Watcher be, and lol the world shall lack a king. A word, King T Now Dingaan looted up at the great man wbo stood above him, and felt the shadow of the shining club lie cold upon his brow, and again be shook— this time it was with fear. Begone fa peace 1' he said. A good word for thee, King,' said the Wolf/ grinning, and slowly he drew himself backwards towards the com panies, saying, Praise the king I The ting bids tie children go in peace 1' But when Dingaan fait that Ids brow was no longer cold with the shadow of death his race came back to him, and he would have called to the soldiers to fall upon the People of the Axe, only I stayed Mm, saying— Thy death Is fa it, 0 King! the Slaughterer vtill grind such men as thou hast here beneath his feet, and then ones more shall the Watcher look upon thee.' Now Dingaan saw that this was true, and gave no command, for he had only those men with t whom the fire had left. All tfae rest were gone toriaughter the Bpers in Natal. Still, he must have blood, eofae tamed on me. Thou art a traitor, Mopo, as I have known for .long,, and I will serve his faithful servant 1' and he smote at . me with the assegai in his hand. j But I saw the Btroke, and, springing j high -into the air, avoided it. Then I turned and fled very swiftly, and after me came certain of the soldiers. The ! way was not far to the last company of ! the People of the Axe ; moreover, it j saw me coming, and, headed by Um slopogaas, who walked behind them all, ! ran to meet me. Then the soldiers who followed to till me hung ' back out of reach of the axe. Here with tha king is no place for me any more, my eon,' I said to Um slopogaas. ' Fear not, my father, I will find yon a place,' he answered. Then I called a message to the soldiers who followed me, Baying — Tell this to the king : that he has dona ill to drive me from him. for T. Mopo, sat him on the throne aud I alone can hold him there. Tell him this also, that he will do yet worse to seek me where I am, for that day when we are once more face to face shall be his day of death. Thus speaks Mopo the inyomga, Mopo the doctor, who never yet prophesied that 'which should not be.' Then we marched from the kraal Umgugundhiovu, and when next 1 saw that kraal It was to burn all of it which Dingaan had left nuburnt, and when next Isaw Dingaau — ah ! that is to be told of, my father. We marched from the kraal, none hindering us, for there were none to hinder, and when we had gone a little way Umslopogaas halted and said — Wrtw if in in mv minri fcn rpf.nrn whence we came and slay this Dingaan, ere he slay me.' 1 Yet it is well to leave a frightened lion in his thicket, my bod, for a lion at bay is bard to handle. Donbt not that every man, young and old, fa Umgngun- dblovn now stands armed abont the gates, lest such a thought should take you, my son ; and though just now he afraid, yet Dingaau will strike for his life. When you might have slain you did not slay ; now the hour has gone.' Wise words !' said Galazi ' I would that the Watcher had fallen where his shadow fell' What is your council now, father f answered Umslopogaas. ' This, then : that yon two shonld abide no more beneath the shadow of the Ghost Mountaio, but shonld gather your people and your cattle, aod pass to the north on the track of Mesuikatze the Liou, who broke away from Cbaka. There you may rule apart or together, and never dream of Dingaan.' I will notdothat, father, 'he answered. ' I will dwell beneath the shadow of the Ghost Mountain while I may.' 'And so will J,' said Galazi, or rather among Its rocks. What ! shall my wolves lack a master when they wonld go a-hunting! Shall Greysnout and Black&ng;, Blood and Deathgrip, aud their company black aud grey, howl for me fa vain!' So be it, children. Ye are yonng and will not listen to the counsel of the old. Let it befall as it chances.' I spoke thus, for I did not know then why Umslopogaas would not leave his kraals. It was for this reason : because he had bidden Nada meet him there. Afterwards, when he found ber he would have gone, bat then the sky was clear, the danger-clouds had melted for a while. Oh ! that Umslopogaas my fosterling had listened to me ! Now he would have reigned as a king, not wandered au outcast in strange lands I know not where ; and Nada should have lived, not died, noc would the Peoule of the Axe have ceased to be a people. Tbisof Dingaao. When he heard my message he grew afraid once more, or he knew me to he no liar. Therefore he held his hand for a while, sending no impi to smite Um slopogaas, lest it might come about that I should bring him Ms death as I had promised. And before the fear had worn away, it happened that Dingaan's hands were full with the war against the Amaboona, because of his slaughter of the white people, aud he had no soldiers to spare with whom to wreak vengeance on a petty chief living far away. Yet his rage was great because of what ted chanced, and, after his custom, he murdered many innocent people to satisfy it (To be continued.) 