(Bur Umal. HOW THEY KEPT THE FAITH. A Tale of the Huguenots in Languedoc. By Grace Raymond. Chapter XXI. ( Continued ). ' While we are in sight of the French ?coast, I cannot close my eyes. Be patient with me a little longer,' she pleaded, ' 1 have no heart to say you no,' he ?answered. 'But give my mother the child. The night air is cold for her.' She obeyed, and scarcely seemed to notice when he returned and wrapping' a large cloak about her, resumed his watcn at ner siae. ine boat was being put about in the stream, opposite a small cove, and there was no little confusion as the great hawsers were dragged to and fro. The loud ays of the English sailors rang out in answer to the sharp unintelligible commands of the mate. ' We are to anchor here until the moon sets,' explained Rene. 'It is a little out of our course, but the captain has promised to wait for a boat-load of refugees, who are tyring to elude the coast-guard. When you hear the re port of a carbine, Eglantine, the lights will be hung out of the sides of the ship ; then look out for the boat.' 'I wonder if they are leaving as much of their hearts behind them, as I am ? ' she sighed, but, as he had hoped, the thought of others still in peril proved a partial. diversion from their own grief, and he was not surprised when the paling moon had sunk at la3t into the sea, that her ear was the first to catch the sound of the report. ' There it is, Rene ! The lights gleam across the water, and see ! some dark object puts out from the shore ; it is moving through the water ; it is a boat.' ' Yes, it is a boat,' he answered, rising too, and leaning eagerly over the railing. ' And the tide serves, Eglantine; they will not be long in reaching us.' It was a still night, and they could soon hear the splash of oars. The captain's trumpet rang out across the water; there was an answering hail from one of the rowers. Then the boat ran alongside, aud a rope was thrown out. Eglantine looked up to speak to Rene, and found herself alone. Whence came the impulse that prompted her, she could not explain. There are some intuitions too fine for sense, too subtle for reason. Without a moment's hesitation, she gathered her cloak about her and hurried forward. All was dark ness, save where two swaying lanterns showed a knot of sailors leaning over the gunwale, gesticulating earnestly. She could understand nothing of their strange speech and Rene was nowhere to be seen. She stood by, troubled and uncertain, until the good-natured mate caught sight of her, and contrived in broken French to make her understand that there was a sick man in the boat, whom they would have to draw up with a rope. . As he spoke, there was a call from below : ' Ready now, my men. Steady — pull ?slowly.' 'Was that Rene's voice? Eglantine laid her hand upon her, heart', and tried to still its tumultuous beating. Slowly and carefully ? the mariners drew up their living burden ; there was a glad cheer, as the tall figure, wrapped in a blanket, at last came in sight. Hands were instantly ready to lift the sick man ?over the railing, and lay him gently upon a piece of tarpaulin spread upon the deck. The light of the lanterns fell upon a white, ghastly face ; the dark eyes glowing in sunken sockets alone spoke of life. But with a cry those who heard never for got, a cry that rang out above the rattling sail and creaking cordage, Eglantine La Roche darted forward and fell on her knees beside the canvas. ' Henri ! Henri ! ' she sobbed, and laid her head in its old place upon his heart. A look of unutterable content settled upon the wan face. The sick man feebly moved his head and laid it upon the drooping head : then lifted his eyes heavenward. ' My God, I thank Thee ! ' he said in a faint voice that still had in it some thing of the music that had stirred the child's heart besides the old Cevanol hearth. ' Amen ! ' said Rene's glad voice beside them. Eglantine looked up, her face positively dazzling with light ; every teardrop turned into a jewel. ' Is this your doing too, Rene ? ' ' I knew nothing till I recognized Jean's voice in the hail just now.' The wife turned her full eyes upon the gray-haired valet kneeling at his master's side. 'Then we owe it to you, Jean ? ' ' I never thought of it until you put it into iry head, madame ' Henri smiled, and taking the strong hand of his faithful servant, laid it in the soft palm of his wife's. ' Thank him for me, ma mie ! I had lost all hope of life and freedom here — I thought only of meeting you in a better world ; it was he who roused me from my lethargy, who told me of your love and sorrow, until the blood leaped once more in my veins, and I was ready to do and dare. Then he made me change clothing with him, and leave the fortress in his place, while at the risk of his life he stayed behind in mine, and only saved himself by a leap from the window that night.' Madame Chevalier and Marguerite stood beside them. Eglantine took her sleeping child from her sister's breast and laid the little one in the arms of the childless man. ' For to-night, she is yours as well as ours ; her lips shall thank you,' she said tremulously, and as if in ratification of the tender compact, the baby girl stirred in her sleep and touched Jean's bronzed cheek with her dimpled hand. Chapter XXII, 'WINKLE STREET, SOUTHAMPTON. On a pleasant spring morning, in the year 1687, a traveller, who had just landed at the Southampton pier, stopped opposite the old hospital of St. J ulian, Winkle Street, and gazed up long and earnestly at the inscription over the doorway of an ancient chapel : ' Domus Dei.' The building had been originally endowed by Henry III., for the benefit of pilgrims, but at the command of Elizabeth, a century before, the chapel had been set apart as a place of worship for French emigrants driven by persecution from their own land. There, in the heart of a strange people, amid the clash of contending faiths, the exiles had ever since been permitted unmo lested to hear the. Word of God in their own tongue and according to their own creed. As the stranger looked wistfully over at the venerable structure, a woman's voice, at a window in the house behind him, suddenly took up Madame Guyon's beautiful hymn : ?- ' Oh, Thou, by long experience tried, Near whom, no grief can long abide, My Lord, how full of sweet content I pass my years of banishment.' The voice of the singer was silvery and low, but sweeter still to the listener's ear the sound of the French tongue in the English port. The dark-browed chapel and ancient hospital vanished. Before his eyf»s, rose a vision of vine clad hills and '-ft blue southern skies, and as if in Cod-sent comfort to the longing that swept her breast, the singer at the window went on : 'While place we seek, or place we shun, The soul finds happiness in none ; But with my God to guide my way, 'Tis equal joy to go or stay. 'All scenes alike engaging prove, To souls impressed with sacred love : Where'er they dwell, they dwell in thee, In heaven, in earth, or on the sea.' There was a moment's pause. The exile had drawn back under the shadow of the window'; the ?' Domus Dei ' swam before his eyes in a mist of tears. The singer spoke to some one at her side, and a man's rich tenor blended with her silvery soprano in the con cluding strain : ' For me remains no place nor time, My country is in every clime : My heart is glad, and free from care, On any shore, since God is there.' The stranger stepped forward to lay his hand on the knocker. Before he could do so, the door opened, and a gray-haired man, leading a little child by the hand, came out. ' Will you take me to see the ships, Jean?' ' If you like, ray mademoiselle,' ' And tell me about your own country, and how you helped to get me out of the chateau when I was a baby ? ' ' If it pleases you, my heart's-ease ! ' ' Godfrey isn't old enough to under-, stand yet, is he, Jean ? ' The man did not answer. He caught sight of the figure before him, and was staring, as though he had seen a ghost at midday. ' M. l'Abbe ! ' 'Nay, I have left that name behind me ; — M. Bertrand, a French gentleman, who wears no longer the livery of a church stained with blood.' The Cevanol's eyes sparkled. ' It is indeed so ? Then the day we have long hoped and prayed for has come — as my master has always maintained ' that it would. Run, little one, and tell thy mother that a friend from France has come. Enter, monsieur. My master and mistress will be more than glad to see you.' ' I need not ask if they are well and happy ; I heard them singing at the window just now.' ' My master will never be a well man again, sir,'— a slight shadow fell upon Jean's face ; ' but he suffers less now than in the cold weather. As for my lady — :there is not a lighter foot, or a merrier heart, in all the town than hers. She has never gone to the bottom of the joy of having my lord back again. It seems new to her every morning.' ' And that rosy little Hebe, who has flown to announce, my coming, can she be the babe whose hold upon life seemed so frail ? ' 'That is my young Mademoiselle Gabrielle, sir — a taut little craft, in spite of the rough weather she has seen. But, thank God ! the baby lad, who came to us this New-Year's, and is the very light of the mother's eyes, will not. have such seas to stem.' ( To be continued. ) 