J>r. Parker in at Desponding Mood. Tms JJrilhli Weekly publishes mi extraordin- ary lotter from the Hov. Joseph Parker, ol' the City Temple, London, from which we fake (he following :~As to the-work, inyown and others, I am often sad ahout it. Some- times I feel as if it must he all wrong-there is so lintel) of it, and so niueh hustle anil noise in doing it. Conventions, conferences, con- gresses, programmes, proposals, hases of union, and resolutions amended into mora than their'first emptiness- it is very awful, and may ho heartbreaking to the watching Lord. Is Gospel life-tile sweet lifo which is horn of love-an affair of hard words and intricate sentences? ls it so frail a life that. it must be fud with compromises, and coaxed by such parentheses in resolutions and pro- grammes as will save its sensibilities at tho expenso ol' its robustness? It is sad. oh so sad, that Christian men have to explain themselves to OIK- another so elaborately lest tiley should bo mistaken for heretics. Chris- tian men are now resolutely trying to speak to ono another, and are engaged in stupen- dous efforts to abstainfroni mutual slaughter. lt is grimly pathetic When shall we know what thu kingdom of heaven really is ? lt is not a form-it is not even a form of words, nor could it he, for words come and go, and stand for different things in different years: it is a parable-a deed of blood,_ a cry of divinest, agony, a house not made with hands, a power represented by all metaphors expres- sing life, growth, inspiration, sympathy, and adoring love. It is the Holy Ghost ! Hu is tho factor most forgotten. What if He pre- fer silence to speech ? What if t o Him the church meeting bo a wasps' nest, and the convocation a renmiint of Habed ? We can- not tell, A snowfall of resolutions passed hy, hut the Lord was not. in the snow : a Storni of declamation broke on tho slopes of Zion, but the Lord was not in the boisterous rant ; then there envne a still .small voice, a dream in sound, a tender breathing as of a ven ruing spirit, and that was the great power of God. That was God the Holy Ghost, BICYCLE JOKK.-Aunt Betsy: "Mercy sakes alive ! It's enough to scare a body out ol' ten years' growth to have all them bicycles running loose about the town, an' them pesky little low ones is every mite as bad as the great wheels." Charlie: "Oh, no aunt, the safety.-) won't hurt you. The owners never take ? them out without a chain on them."» ' ... Thu Mistress-" You really don't want tho cottee V" Thu Trump-" Pardon mo, madam, hut I detect' the 'presence of two lumps of I silgan» 'My invariable habit-is to take ono lump onlyr.T-Tniny-bo ragged, but I possess the, true,, mstiucts of tho epicure.'-' ' . í ? 