AN TO TO DATE GHOST STORY. 44 Having been concornod in a most re markable and altogether inexplicable adven ture tho othor 'evening, 'which happened to mo in Thomas lane, KnottyAsh, I novo boon induced, at tho earnest solicitation of many friends, to communicate the following par ticulars of thosamoto tho Liverpool publlo as being of more than ordinary interest." So writes a correspondent of the Liverpool Tost:—. ' ' ; ' ' I was proceeding leisurely on foot -foBroxd- green (bo proceeds), wbon, on passing tho' church at Knotty Ash, my attention; was sud denly arrested by tho strango and uncanny appearance of its graveyards. Tho timo tvould thou bo shortly after midnight -Tho whole . burying- ground seemed alivo and glistening with a thousand small blaoish 'lights, whicu appeared to creep in and out of tho different graves, as if tho departed spirits were taking a midnight ramble. I stood petrified, not knowing what to make of it, at tho samo timo experiencing a feeling of horror which suddenly took comploto pos session of mo. Just at this moment tbo moon, which had' hitherto been moro or less obscured .bv a moving panorama of passing clouds, came, as it would seem, to my assistance,- giving mo for a very short timo tho- benefit :of her companionship. And now appeared tho most 'startling phenomenon of all, a phenomenon which caused my hgir to , stand on end .with fright, a cold numbness of horror paralysing mo in every limb, for, advancing up the road directly opposite to mo, came a funoral train, tho coffin borne along.- with measured tread, covered with an immenso black (pall, which fluttered up in the midnight wind. j. At first I thought I must surely bo droaunng, and therefore 'pinched myself in tbo arm to ascertain if this were really tbo case.- But no, I certainly was not, for £ distinctly felt tho nip,- and was therefore satisfied as to. my wakefulness. 44 What could it "all 'moan I asked mvsclf as tho cortege gradually ap- proached mo, and I began to distinguish tho I general outlines of the boarern. Thoso appeared to bo elderly men, and to havo lived in a bygone age. All were, dressed in tho costumo . of. tbe latter part of tbo. eighteenth century.- - They wore tio wigs, and somo- bail swords, as well as walking-sticks mounted with deaths' beads. I Observed only one really voting man among tho crowd of followers, walking just bohind tbo coffin. His youth, in comparison with the others, nerhaps made mo tako especial notice 'of him. Ho was dressed in what appeared to be black velvet, tho whitenoss of his ruffles stand ing out in marked contrast to the sombre nature of his general attiro. Ho carried aeword, had diamond bucklee in his shoes, and woro his powdered liair iu a queue. Tho faco of this young man was deathly . p&lo;, as were also tho faccB of all tho others accompanying him. Instead of tho procession advancing to. tho gate at which 1 stood, it turned suddenly aiid entered the burial-ground by tbo ono situated at a fow yards' distance. As tho coffin was borno through this gato all tho blue spirit lights eeemad to vise-from tbo gravo as if to moot the cortege.tov tho purpose of escorting tho body to its last resting-placo; theso awful lights added considerably to tho ghastliness of tho scono as they floated over tho coffin and heads of tho mourners. Slowly the procession glided up tho pathway, passing tho main cntrauco of the church, and, continuing its way in a straight line, finally disappeared at tho back of tho edifice. Where this most extraordinary funeral went to or what became of it I cannot tell ; but this much I fflstinctly aver, that _ coffin, mourners, and lights— oven tho palo flickering moonlight— all disappeared as mysteriously as thoy camo, leaving mo standing in tbo dark- noss, trausfixed with astonishment aud fright. Upon gathering together my somowhat' scattered senses, I took to my heols and never stopped running till I found myself safo in my own houso. In fact, I scarcoly remember how I got homo. After recovering a'littlo from tbo shock I immediately aroused u female relative who had retired for tho night, 'arid related to her tho abovo particulars. Sho assured me. thrit I must bavo been -Buffering from mental hallucination, but, seeing tho groat perturba tion of my tnind, and at tho same timo knowing my natural scepticism with regard to all so- called supernatural phenomena, sho camo to tbo conclusion that, after all, I might possibly havo seen what has boen described abovo. The next dnv I mado iuquiries" at" tho neigh bourhood of Knotty Ash, aud ascortainod from a very old woman that sho remembored a story in her youth having reference to tho mysterious and sudden death of an old occupant of Thing- wall-hall, who was hastily and quietly buried, sho thought, at midnight, in the old Knotty Ash churchyard. If so, was this a 'ghastly repetition of tho event got up for ray especial benofit, orwas.it a portent intended to fore- Rhadowthocomingof tnuDroad Visitor toraysclfV Now, as I have beforo stated, I am no believer in ghosts, but cortaiuly this very remarkable experience of mine has entirely upsot all my previously concoivod notions of the subject, leaving mo in a quandary of doubt. On tho evening upon which I saw tho mystorious mid night funeral at Knotty Ash, I was exceed ingly wido awake ; had mot several cyclists on tbo Prescott road, with whom I conversed, and bod likewise refreshed mysolf .at tho public drinking fountain placed at tho top of .Thomas lane. Strango that a fowhundredyardsfurther down tlio road I should encounter so ghostly an experience— an experience T shall nover forgot tb my dying day. 