NOTES FROM DIAMOND CREEK. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) October 8, 1892. .. We have, haid rather - lively, week of it.c Oii IMoid-sey8rd- inst.,f.teifee was a tea meeting (of which I saw a report in your issue of yesterday), and on Thursday, Gth inst., a pio-nic and tea meeting was held at Greensborough, at which there was a tug-of-war between Greenaborough and Diamond Creek, 10 men each side, the former winning; but, as a truth, it was not much credit to them, for I should think they-were about 10 stone heavier than the Creek men. The pull lasted nine minutes. The santo day there was a public sale at Mr. Moorhead's Oreoshorough, which went otff veory satisfactorily. On Friday (yesterday) the big tugof-.war took place, viz., the municipal election. I see your Greensborough corres pondent speaking on it in your last issue said that Greensborough wo,,ld not be found wanting ; howoomever, they will now see that they are very much wanting. I think those gentle men that brought out Mr. Mitchell behaved very ungentlemanly towards him for he is, almost a total stranger to the ratepayers although he was born at Greensborough.' If Mr. J. Burrows had taken hitm round and introduced hint to the ratepayers ho would have done inuch better, although there was not a ghost of a show from the first, for it was tlhe rolls that did it. In the Greensborough portion' every person's nantme .was on the roll, .ad in some cases three aild four persons were downi for the same property with three votes each ; but in. the Creek portion there are fully 70 votes not on the roll; for instance, one ratopcycr pays £9015s and Ihas only one vote, -another pays £12 with only one vote, ,inother 25s, 1 votq, another 24s 5d, one vote, whereas if he paid 7dt more.ho would be.entitled to two votes. Then agniti there ares thlree dead. men's. names on with two .votes 'each;, One has been deadl about two yoears.' And still again there are four proporties adjoining onch lother that pay 60s e,,oh and not a votc'for either; oits of these it seemts dill not pay his rates'in time and lhe was struck off, but still they left dead mutt's nanes'on for years. With these glaring facts before them' the Groensborough people supported the Cteokcandidato Ithough Mr. Ryan was pretty shrevwd when c lie got an old warrior like Ex-Councillor N. Ellis to tke him round to see the ratepayers, forIhe has contested reveral elections himself. I have no doubt but that lihe knows every ratepayer in the rlding, and of course that carries a great weight. I do not know how it was done,- but I 'was surprised when tile nuchbors went up, for I thought a 15 majority would be the outside. There wass a meoting lheld in the Meclhanics' Institute last night also, presided over by Mr; E, H. Cameron, M.P., to hear the views of Mr. Slinlddrs with, reference to tie establishment of a canning\and preserving colmpany. It was proposed and carried that we do not start a factory as there is not fruit enough to carry it on at present. Mr. Barrett, of the rival company, was present, and things woere a bit spirity. 'A vote of thanks to the ohairman brought the meeting to a close. On 'Sattrday, 8th inst., Mr. Flintoft was to have read a leoture of Mr, French's on tihe peach blight, but there being only a small attendance, and he having a few copies they were die-, triliuted among the members. , l{, neans rtcer seurpirised the iothtr ay when -l olled: oni ny friend, Mr Noet; on tio' Diamond Creek, near Eltllam, to findthat Ihe hadastarted naeuelyptos factbry and was turlning the oil out by the cask and of a very superior quality, Hoe says he intends to bottle it off andl sell it in the district. Hofinformed med that several- people who had used it spoke very highly of It, and I canl bear out that statement as I have used it. I wish hiin every success in lis new undertaking. 