A pew weeks ago, wo mentioned tho advisubleness of taking advantage of the visit of the Minister for Works to bring tinder his notice the urgent necessity of establishing railway connection between Dubbo and Ooonamblo. It was intended, had Mr. Lynk's time permitted, to have urged tho matter, but as is known the honourable gontleman remained here only about an hour, nftcr returning fiotn Coonnmble, nnd consequently thu oppor tunity was not afforded of showing how much this particular railway extension was required, not altogether in tho interests of Dubbo, but those of tho wholo district to the east nf hnrn — Wellington. Ornncre. nnd Bathurst, as well as the residents of the Oastlereugh. That, howover, it was not promature to suggest tho revival of tho agitation in favour of this railway the action now being taken in Mudgee is evi dence. A requisition has been presented to the Mayor of that town, requesting liiin " to convene a public meeting for the purpose of reorganising tho Railway League, with the object of securing the extension of the line from Mudgee." In other words, the idea is to again ask for the construction of the railway which was proposed a few years ago, and, notwithstanding all the support given to it by a powerful Govern ment, was defeated by S3 to 13 in the Assembly. Tho argument then used in favour of the extension wns that it would help to make the line from Wnllerawang to Mudgee more remunerative. That railway, as everybody knows, has never paid grease for the wheels. It has not earned working expenses, let alone the interest of the capiat invested. In a commercial sense, it would be more advantageous to the country if the rails were torn up, for then there would only be the interest on the expenditure of n million or so to bo provided. By working the line, a certain amount yearly is spent over and above the revenue collected. It is, and has been, a losing concern from the beginning, and if it were extended to Coonnmble, as the Mudgee people have asked in the past, nnd no doubt intend to ask again, it would nut mend matters. Tho second stage would really bo worse than the uish. jcii \\.y ul Liit: uuu uunurcu ana rorry-six miles between Mudgee and Coonnmble would cost nearly £10,000 per mile, and the earnings would hardly pay for tho cost of working. Tho whole cost of thu extension from Mudgee to Coonnmble would bo abuut £750,000 or £800,000, and instead of the extension lessening the burden which the existing railwny is on the revenue, it would add to it. Instead of tho Commissioners having, as now, to support from tho earnings of the other and more lucrative lines ono white elephant, they would have to provide for two. i Htl t i ¥ in liawllii nnaiiesMMi Ia aa ahah >11 the old arguments against connection be tween Mudgee and Coonamble, and in favour of that between Dubbo and Coonamble. It is now sufficient to stato that the distances are — from Dubbo, 100 miles j from Mudgee, 110 miles. There are no engineering difficulties to overcome on the former route, which could be erected — on the light railway system, approved by Sir Jons Fowler, — for about £2500 per mile, while tho latter for thu first forty miles will run through broken hilly country, necessitating a costly permanent way and heavy gradients. Mr. Wiiitton's estimato wns close on £10,000 a mile. This of itself, should condemn this extentiou, far however dcsirablo it tuny be to givu the Mudgee line more traffic, as the result can only be arrived nt by sucti costly expendi ture, no Ministry could possibly ask thu Works Committee to burthen the country with such an unnecessarily extra expendi ture. The natural, cheapest, and best route to Coonamble is from Dubbo, nnd then if it is desired to touch the head of tlin Barwon navigation at Walgett, tliero is nothing to prevent it being done. As has been pointed out on former occasions this is not a lucre local opinion or scheme. It was the deliber ately adopted policy of Mr. Lackey twelve years ago, endorsed six years after by his successor at the Work's office. It was only arrived at, after surveys of both routes had been made, and ull the circumstances affecting the extension had been carefully and conscientiously considered. It seems ridi culous, then, at this timo of day, — after this Mudgee proposal had bean so universally condemned — raising the ghost, but the Mudgeo people aro evidently bent npon tho work of resuscita tion. It behoves, in face of this, the people of Dubbo, Wellington, Oninge, Curcoar and Batburst, to enter upon a counter ugitution. It may be that the Mudgee proposal has no chance of being adopted, but it will not do vO OQUl uiijf preuiuuons, . wiien tiio strings are pulled by interested people. Bight counts for very littlo in politics. If Ministers found it expedient to promise the extension from Mudgee, there would be little thought of the justice or injustice of thu proposal. To 'be forewarned is to be forearmed, and in view of what they are now doing in Mudgee, certain steps should bo taken not only hero bnt nt the other towns wo liiivo named. It is, we reiterate, quito us impor tant to the farmers, millers, stockowuers, at Dubbo that they should not be cut off 'from the trade of the Cistlereugh, and eventually of the Barwon nnd South-eastern Qieensland. If tho railwny to Walgett goes from Mudgee, thoi country between here and the. former centr is a closed hook. There is really no reaching it, and hoiicn as a inntter of self- interest— putting the absolute right of tho case on ono side— there should ' be no time lost in agitating for the extension. Public meetings should bo held not only liern but in the other towns, and at all events if there is a feeling on the part of those in power of carrying the railway bsyond Mudgee towards Coonamble, enro should be taken that tho cheaper and more natural route, from Dpbbo, should also be placed before the Worlds Committee, so that that "body may have jtlin opportunity of deciding between the rival proposals. Less thtm that, the people ' of Dubbo, Orange, f Wellington, Bathurst, nnd other western town, who will be cut off from the trade of I fthfarge alioe of western, tirrjtory, should not I , faMtiaM witbr I 