AUSTRJALLIAN AY'LLJ. [DxLe.AviA.J The Australian aroriginrs have a curious myth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there wee no water in Australia. They got along very comfor. tably without it, till one day some adventurous spirit suggest:d that they ought to do something to procure it. A solemn conclave was hold, and they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to the course to be pursuol to attain their -object. 'The venerable native listened to their complaint and told thoem that the water was contained in the stomach of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was required eas to aake hi i laugh, when the water would run out of his mouth. Another great oonsultat:on was held, when it was doeided that all toe animals should be asked to gire their co-opiertion to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and natives and animals repaired in a gratbody to the toad's mountain to try their powers in the way of laugh rais ing. 'iThe first to make the ess?y was the ass. lie braeol so loud that be might have booe; :. ' t : .-;, expatiating on the crimes of the cl ses as against the virtues of the masses. He shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kickod his heels into the air higher than any donkey had over elevated them before, he cut the most laitasti, capers; all to no us ', and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. SCrestftllen the donkey retired, and the cock strutted up with a self satisfied air as though he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for tihe vanity of feathered aspirations, his crow ing and flapping of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One after the other all the animalt, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with no better success. At last when everybody was beginning to despair came hie eel wriggling along on the ground, and strange to relate the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its contortions. Seeing this the eel raised himself into an arch, and I walked along on his head and his tail. Thoseo watching the gigantic toad saw the r muscles of his mouth begin to quiver. t Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot and walked slowly on Iin head. Lo ! Sand behold the toad smilid, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel re doubled his efforts, he twisted himselfiut:, a double knot and walked jauntily along on his head and his toil. This extraordi nary performance was too much for the toad, he opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in 9 a mighty torrent down the mountain side, and spreading over the country forniod rivers, lakes, and pools; and down too 0 came the natives, rejoicing that at last s they would have an abundance of water. The following story shows that ghosts r can be vindictive in Victoria, and rosent meddling with the body they once inhabited. A man travelling in the country n of a friendly tribe came upon a desorted r habitation. Above the doorway he saw the usual crooked stick, pointing in the o direction the family had taken, and all n3 round about the pla.o pioces of bark covered with white clay, indicating a death. ir He found tracks leading to a tree in which to he soon dis.ovored a dead body. Auxious io to know who had died he laid down hisrug and wea.ros at the foot of the tree and 1- asconded it. On removing the opossum rug g from the face lihe found that it tins afriend. m IHe wept for a long time, thou wont away. He had not gone far when lie hoard some ie magpies making a great noi'o, as though of they heard something strange. Ho turned a- round to see what it was, and to his terror saw the ghost of the deceased come down in and follow him. He was so torrifiod he is could not move, but managed to address it e, in there terms: " Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you and never dlid se you any harm?" It never spoke, but so followed him for a considerable distance, at scratching his back with its nails, and then returned to the tree. k, When he reached his friends he told n- them what hal happened, showed 0, them his hn.ak laceratod and blooding, and 00 said he had a presentimeoot that soulothing bad would befall him before long. At the uL .a lebit of ;n t:rrioo hue wt? ntu;ureu at through the heart. 