HUNTING. Those interested in tho formation of a local hunt club have, with tho view of ascertaining the number of regular followers to bounds during tho season, arranged for a preliminary run on Saturday, the 23rd inst., -whon Parra matta will bo the startiug-placo. Tom Luckoy has got a fair pack of hounda togother, and tho outlook for a successful organisation is. re ported to bo promising. A very pleasant run across oountry was in dulged in lust Saturday oil tho occasion of tho n.annr.nlinso. arrauc-ed bv Mossrs. -J. H. Gal braith and A. Towor, in oouneotion with tho now hunt club. M'MilWs Hotol, Banks toivn, was tho trysting-placo. Among those present wero Messrs. A. Tower on Blazes, J. H. Galbraith on. Bantam, G. A. Terry on Kocket, T. Mullins on Sunday, L. Eolin on Barl, M. Ford on Bazile Dazzle, Frazer on Major, Eicharda on Blancho, Nott on Charlos, Urnnton ou Boger, Gordon on Tho Ghost, Prico on Joo, W. M'Kelevey on Vesta, Bnck noll on Peer, Dr. Bucknell on Skyscraper, M^'Quillan ou Dodger, T. M'Quillan on Jorry, Hutohins on AVideawako, F. Clarke on Tim, M'Donald on Lady Lovol, E. Clarke on Possum, C. M'Donald on Bothoruin, Gormly 011 Eookwood, Mrs. Hinoh cliffo ou Euth, Miss Hinchcliffo on Budulph, MissBuoknoU ou Darling, Miss M'Conoohio on Surpriso, Master Kichards on Miss Cardigan, whilst a number of sightseers had collected to witnoss the start. Messrs. Towor, M'Quillan, aud Gordon wero deputed to lay the trail at 3.15 p.m., and, after 20iuin law, tho hounds wqro laid on. The running was out out from tlio jump at a tremendous pace over a oourso of 11 miles, chiefly through open foreBt land and ovor low fences, commencing with a double through Mr. Leigh's, and out by Dr. Tarrant's on to the Old Canterbury-rond. Thoy streamed across to Padstow Park, with a sharp turn to Cnrruthors' proporty, through tho Beaoousfield Estate, right down to Goorgo's Eivor, through George's Hall Estate on to Livorpool-road, through. Knlay'a info Auburn Park, and thence a straight run of three miles brought them to the point of commeunomeut. The hounds finished all together at a great pacei and reached home a fow minutes behind the, hares, ovoryono hairine thoroughly en joyedtho day's outing. ? 