THE LAST OF THE OLD CHURCH CHOIR. It happened on Sunday after Christmas —the last Sunday ever they played in Longpuddle Church gallery, as it turned out, though they didn’t know it then. As you may know, sir, the players formed a very good band—almost as good as the Mellstock parish players that were led by the Dewys—and that’s saying a great deal. There was Nicholas Piuldingcomc, the leader, with the first fiddle; there was Timothy Thomas, the bass viol man; John Biles, the tenor fiddler; Dan’l llorn liead, with the serpent; Kobert Dowdle, with the clarionet; and Mr Nicks with the oboe—all sound and powerful musicians, and strong-winded men—all . they that blowed. For that reason they were very mneh in demand Christmas week for little reels and dancing parties; for they coidd turn a jig or a hornpipe out of hand as well as ever they could turn out a psalm, and perhaps better, not to speak irreverent. Tn short, one half -hour they could be play ing a Christmas carol in the squire’s ball to the ladies and gentlemen, and drinking • tay and coffee with ’em as modest as saints, and the next at the Tinkers’ Arms, blazing away like wild horses with the “ Dashing White Sergeant” to eight couple of dancers and more, and swallowing rtim and cider hot as flame. Well, this Cli'istmas they’d been out to one rattling kick-up after another every niglit, and had got next to no sleep at all. Then came the Sunday after Christmas, their fatal day. ’Twas so mortal cold that year that they could hardly sit in the gal lery ; for though the congregation down in the body of the church had a stove to keep off the frost, the players in the gallery had none at all. So Nicholas said at morning service, when ’twas freezing an inch an hour, “ Please the Lord I won’t stand this numbing weather no longer; this afternoon we’ll have something in our insides to make us warm, if it costs a king’s ransom.” So he brought a gallon of hot brandy and beer, ready mixed, to church with him in the afternoon, and by keeping the jar well wrapped up in Timothy Thomas’s bass-viol bag it kept driukably warm till they I wanted it, which was just a thimbleful iu the absolution, and another in the creed, and the remainder at the beginning of the sermon. When they had the l;vst pull they felt quite comfortable and warm, and as tlie sermon went on—most unfortunately for ’em it was a long one that afternoon—they fell asleep, every"Jman jack of ’em, and there they slept on as sound as rocks. ’Twas a very dark afternoon, and by the end of the sermon all you could sec of the inside of the church were the parson’s two candles alongside of him in the pulpit, and his face behind ’em. The sermon being ended at last, the parson gave ont the Evening Hymn. But no choir set about sounding up the tune, and the people began to turn their heads to learn the reason why, and then Levi Limpet, a boy who sat in the gallery, nudged Timothy and Nicholas, and said, “ Begin! begin “ lley '■ what ?” says Nicholas, starting up, and the church being so dark and his j head so.muddled lie thought he was at the party they, had played at all the night before, and away ho went, bow and iiddle, at “ The Devil among the Tailors,” -the favourite jig of our neighbourhood at that time. The rest of the band, being in the same state of mind, and nothing doubting, followed their lender with all tlicir strength, according to custom. They poured out that tlicir tune till tlie lower bass notes of “The Devil among the Tailors” made the eobwebs in the roof shiver like ghosts ; then Nicholas, seeing nobody move, shouted out as lie scraped (in his usual commanding way at dances when the folks didn’t know the figures), “Top couples cross hands, and when I make the fiddle squeak at the end, every man kiss his partner under the mistletoe.” The boy Levi was so frightened that he bolted down the gallery stairs and out homeward like lightning. The parson’s hair fairly stood on end when he heard the evil tune raging through the church, and thinking tlie choir had gone crazy, he held up his hand and said, “ Stop, stoj), stop! Stop, stop! What’s this ?” But they didn’t hear him for the noise of their own playing, and the more he called the louder they played. Then the folks came out of their pews, wondering down to the ground, and saying, “ What do they mean by such wickedness ? We shall be consumed like Sodom and Gomorrah.” Then the squire came out of liis pew, which was lined with green baize, where lots of lords and ladies visiting at the house were worshipping along .with' them, and went and stood in front of the gallery, and shook his fist in the, musicians! faces, saying, “What! In this reverent edifiee ! What!” And at last they heard him through their playing, and stopped. “ Never such au insulting, disgraceful thing—neversays the squire, who couldn’t rule his passion. “Never!’.’ says the parson,‘who had come down and stood beside him. “ Not if the angels of heaven,” says the squire (he was a wickedish man, the squire was, though now for once he happened to be on the licrd’s side)—“ not if the angels of heaven come down,” he says, “ shall one of you villainous players ever sound a note in this ehureh again for the insult to me and my family, and my visitors, and God Almighty, that you’ve a-perpetrated this afternoonl” Then the unfortunate church band came to their senses, and remembered where they were; and ’twas a sight to sec Nicholas Puddingeombe and Timothy Thomas and John Bile3 creep down the gallery stairs with their fiddles under their arms, and poor Dan’l Mumhead with his serpent, and Robert Dowdle with his clario net, all looking as little as ninepins, and out they went. The parson might have forgi’ed ’em when he learned the truth o’t, but the squire would net. That very week he sent for a barrel organ that would play two-and twenty new psalm tunes so exact and particular that, however badly inclined you was, you could play nothing but psalm tunes wliatsomevcr. He had a really respectable man to turn the winch, as I said, and the old players played no more. —Wessex Polk,” by Thomas Hardy. Isaac’s Definition er Business.— Isaac, instructing his son : “ Vcn you zell a coat to a man vot vants a coat, dot’s nod ding ; bat veil you zell a coat to a roan vot don’d vant a coat, dot’s peezniss, my boy— dot’» |e :zness V 