PARKES AND O'FARRELL. (to the editor.) ? Sib, — The lespons of time and age seem to be lost on Sir Henry Parkes, f.o far as the lamentable O'Farrell incident is concerned. He still pro fesses to believe that Q'IPisrrell wastho ' instru ment of a plot.' But where is the evidence of the ewarme of informers and detective?, let loose in 1868 upon the public and paid by the State, in support of: his belief: ? Ii: Q'Farrell was ' the instrument oi! a plot,' who u?ed him ? Who were hie fellow-conspirators ? All the resources of the Government were employed, all the basest means win resortjd to during that Australian Reign of Terror to discover tbo alleged plotters. Wot one could be found, for the fimple reason that none existed. The air was tben full oi! stories of plots. Perjurers and in formers had a good time of it. They worn hand somely paid by the Government for revelations of plots which tht-y cleverly concreted as if they ?were so many Titus Oatet-i's. Each revelati a was a 'new crime' to Mr. Parkes (then without a til If). He was nob the man to allay the panic and madness3, the r'rpnzy and fo-Jf of that dreadful time. It served him to mysteriously magnify i hem, to impress the public with the belief that 'the colony was honeycombed with FenianB ;' yet not one could ba brought to light. They were like hU Kiama Ghost, the baBeles3, mistaken ' crtations of bis own biassed breast. ' O'Farrell was the instrument of a plot,' because Sir Henry cannot, or will not, divest himself oi: his falae and pr- judiced view of the case. There are very few who now share that view, and posterity will entirely reject it. A just and impar tial view of all the evidence, the non existence of any conspiracy, have long convinced 99 out every ICO of the people of the colony that insanity was accountable for O'Farrell's attempt on the life of the Duke r f Edinburgh. Sir Henry may have a secret conviction that the hasty execu tion of tbo madman was wrone, but he is jprIous cf his reputation for consistency. Pecksniff did the ' most outrageous and heartless things as a duty to society,' and to uphold his reputation. Our colonial Pecksniff has maintained his reputa tion — I might say Ma occupation — by executing a madman, as the instrument of a plot, instead of Bending him to Tarban Creek (the Gladesvilio of that day) as justice suggested, but pasBion and ex pediency prevented. It was all done for avarice and last of power, as the history of the case will show when it is impartially written. Being a ' suspected Fenian,' I was honoured with several visits at the time by the emissaries of the Government, who trumped up the plots. Some came as canvassers, some to have a chafe. They invariably invited me to drink at the adjacent hotel. I always politely refused on the ground that there was so much to be done at the forge. After some preliminary talk the conversa tion soon drifted to the all-absorbing topic of the day — the O'Farrell affair. It was generally to the following effect :— ' That was a dreadful business at ClontarP.' ' Tes, very dreadful and most lamentable.' ?' They say; that several of O'Jfarrell's confederates are well known to the Government.' ' Indeed ! I didn't believe he had any.' 'Of course he was jaot alone in the business — he was the agent of the Fenians.' ' But there are no fi'enians in this colony.' ''Oh ves, plenty ; they can be fcund everywhere, and I don't blame them so much as others.' ' Perhaps you are not aware that I am a volunteer. I think I should ask Ser geant — — across the street to interview you.' 'Whereupon tbe dialogue generally ceased, and the spy decamped. On S- . Patrick's night, 1868, I was on duty at tbe Immigration bnrraclrp, top of King-street. It was lutnoured ther;1 was to bo a Fenian rising that night. The Government House was to be attacked, the Ministry massacred, Darlinghuret Gaol to be demolished. All the available mili tary forces ot trie city and subiubs were stationed in different parts of too city in obedience to ' 'orders from headquarters On arriving at the bixrackB early in tbo evening I fiBked the captain of thi1 ( oraoany to which I belonged, 'Any further newt-?' 'Yes,' he answered. ' There is some talk about disarming all Catholic volunteers and passing Treason- Felony and Test Acta ' ''Well, Captain,' I observed, '' there are no Feniausinthe colony now, hut if theso things are dono they will be tbe seed which will produce an abundant crop of them.' 'I quito agree with you,' he re marked, ' but ic will all depend on to-night, I should thine, to a great c-xhent. You are willing to take any position assigned to jou P' ' Most cer tainly,' I replied, 'Btntry, guard, patrol, piquet, anything to which I am ordered.' All waited vigilantly for the ' enemy ' through the Ion-? hours of the night. It was not until between 5 and 6 o'clock in the morning (then quite dark) that the alarm canie. In a moment we were all under arms and prepared for action. We pro ceeded towards St. Mary's at the double to con front the enemy, who wers said to be advancing from Woolloomooloo. They appeared to hesitate as we formed. A feeler was sent out from the patrol. In ten minutes he returned with the Batnundincr news that the Fenian enemy consisted of Corporation carts and their owners proceeding to their work aC that early hour in the morning. Yours, etc., AN. 18G52 VOLUNTEER. 