SPORTING NOTES FROM ?VICTORIA* THE OAKLEIGK AND HAWES BURN HANDICAPS. Breakdown of Maltolio. RACING AT ASPENJULE AND TTILLIAMSTOWH. Hon. W. A. long Scores With lady Edda. TRAINING NOTES. (Bt 'Ajas.') Melbourne, Monday. Tie meating of tbs Viotorian Amatour Turf Club, to bo held on Saturday next, will be = important as possibly throwing somo light on the Newmarkot Handicap and Australian Cup. Tho opening event is tho UiilTiJIilOM STAKES, a handicap for two-yoar-olds, run over 5 furlongs. Insomnia, Happy Jaok, Fronde, Donation, and Camoola aro engaged. Perhaps the places will bo filled by CAMOOLA ? 1' Fl'.OUDE ...' ... ? 2 Insomkia. or Happy Jaoe ... 3 Then will succeod tho HURDLE EACE, for whioh tha Held is likely to be small. At the woights I lika the chances of S0NDOWNBB ... ... ... 1 Sam ? 2 DuvA& ? S The succeeding event is tbe OAKLEIGH HANDICAP, tho running of whioh, in view of the oloseness of tho Novvmarket, will excite a good deal of interest. Thore will probably bo a field of between twenty and thirty runners, though how many will be out for an airing ouly I would not liko to say. This raco is famous for runuiug which may be termed slightly off the square: It may be called a full-dressed rehearsal for the big Flemingtou event, only the cast is expected to bo altered at bead-quarters. A horse that occupies an insignificant part in the Oaklcigh Handicap may appear in tbe loading rolo in ?the Newmarket. On two occasions, howover, tho winner of the Caulfiold event has also been the winner at Hemington. Thus Malua wou both races in 1884., and William Tell followed his example in 1886. But, as a rule, owners who have horses engaged in the New market with any sort of a , show do not caro to put up a stone penalty, and tlmo many aro starters at Caulfield for a line only. Doers wood, St. Blaise, Fortunatus, Avoudalo, and Proh Pudor aro all more or less fanoied for the Nowmarket, and wbilo their owners may elect to have a cut for the Onkleigh a3 woll, I will pass them by. Lord Hopetoun, Sst 121b, may run woll, and he has been Boratchod for the Newmarket. Autonomy, 8st 101b, has altogether too muoh woight for a two-year-old j but Tiraillerie, 8st 61b, is in good heart just now. and must run a groat filly. Epi, 8st 81b, has a show, aud so has Ascot Vale, S3t uib; wlule iiaretoot, 7at 121D, will make a bold bid for viotory. Whichever of Foulsbam's two-year-olds, Meli or Happy Jaok, is Rent, will bo worth watching, and tbe Nen- Zealand mare, Omaha, has a great show, while Lady Edda is up to hor neok in it. I fancy the numbers hoisted will be those of TIEAILLEErE ? 1 . Oh-lha. ? 2 Epi or Lady Edda... ' ? 3 i There will not be many runners in THE STEEPLECHASE, for whioh I prefer ALICE ? 1 ' Waitee ., ? ? 2 OBASSHi^H a.- ... ? 3 The SolliiE.'BjioaiBay be passed over, but tho ' j ; HAWKSBURN HANDICAP is an event which will take somo picking. At tbo weights I like best Propounder Sst 71b, Spokesman Sst 51b, The Spot Sst lib, Sainfoin 7st 111b, Swing Vat 81b, Norbert 7st 111b, and Bodkin 7st Gib. I will vote for SWING ? 1 NORBEP.T ? ? 2 1JODK1K ... ? 3 The ucoidont to Malvolio caused consterna tion amongst the numerous body of backers who bad supported tho son of Malua for the Australian Cup. Ha had been doing ro. markibly well until ho injured bis leg, aud there ia no doubt that bo would have gouo noir epnropriatintfthe two miles and a quarter race had all beeu well. Mr. J. Redfearn, tho owner of Malvolio, bus been generally pvmpatbised with in connection with the breakdown of the brilliant son of Jlalua. Tha brigade at prosent at Flomington has been augmented by the arrival of Attnlus, Killaloe, Mascara, Wandsworth, Oxide, Sulphide, Satyr, Paatinasterj Autonomy, Cremorno, Ulrio, Camoola, Stromboli, Bongr.l, Albomarlo, Arquebus, Donation, and Koasutb. To-day (Monday) Marvel, Paris, Sir Anthony, Winda, Laily Lovel were to leavo Sydney for Melbourne. Though Victorian horses ara so well repre sented in Tasmania just now, our side '.vr.a only fairly suocossful at tbo Lanuccston meeting, the record comprising tho winning of tho Trial Stakes aud All-aged Stakes by Indolence, the Newuhara Stakes by Elland, aud the St. Leonards Handicap by Lardy Dardy. In nearly every raoe a Victorian horso started favorite — that is if one was starting— and four races out of 15 is not a record to boast about. Tbev oan breed horsos iu Tasmania without a doubt, and tho island that has given us a Malua, a Sheet Anchor, a Sir Wilfred, &c;, has still some good ones to represent it. Bodkin was made a very warm favorite for the LaunoestonCup, but could get no nearer than third to Retreat and Hopetoun, aud her owner shipped her baok to Melbourne tbo day after the race. The Aspendale meeting on Thursday was well attended, and tho pleasant gatherings on this well-appointed course are apparently becoming moro popular. Tbe racing.was of more than ordinary importance, as throwing some light at least as regards tbe chnnces of two horses in the Oakleigh Handicap and Newmarket Handicap. Omaha, who won the Trial Stakes, is a five-year-old mare, by Armament (son of Musket) from Cornelia, and is engaged in tbe Oakleigh Handioap with 7st 3!b, and in tho Newmarket Handioap with Vat 51b. She won the race under notico so easily that she must needs have a show iu both those events. Sho got off the mark very quickly, and had everything beaten in the first half furlong, and won pnllinff up in good time. She carried 7st 91b and beat three smart sprinters in Jlelford (7et 71b), Bed Eoseir. I7st41b), and Wellington ('at 71b,) Tbe South Australian mare Lou (9st 101b), a daughter of The Englishman, turned up the winner in the Welter Race, inwhich Sovereign (lOst 71b) started a slightly better favorite. The Hurdle Raoe went to Buzzard (list), but he had some luck in getting home, as Tapanui (9at 101b) wonld have won had he been moro vigorously ridden. Mr. .2f. Brewer rode Buzzard, and snatched the verdict on the post. Tbe Beach Handicap saw an extraordinary finish. Elworthy, 7«t 41b, started a warm favorite, and an they came up the straight for home he appeared to have only Buzz ta boat. This seemed to be no difficult task, but while Trainor, the rider of Elworthy, was watching the other horse, Brown BeBs swooped down on tho pair, and won th« race by a neck. Tho winner came with a run tbe like of which has GO FOB TTOLTE'S CGBZUfPS. not boon seen on any of our courses for some, considerable time, and was sug&estivo; of Malua's great efforts in. his palmiest days. Brown Bess carried 7st, and waa riddon by a' smart lad named Opray, who has boen a shining - light at the pony meotintrs for some time, but ho had novor previously riddon on a registered course. Brown Bfss ia by Bras de-Fer from Rags, and is more than a moderate. Tho Selling Raoe was polled. off by Greenwich (by Sunrise), who is now owned by tho Flemington trainor, Bob Sevior. Tho concluding event, tho. Aspendale .Park Handicap, allowed a much fancied can didate for the Newmarket Handicap in Tho Seine (who carried 7st) to accomplish u, very easy win, nothing in tho raco having a ghost of a show against him. Tho Seine has 7st 31b in tbo Nowmarkot Handicap und 7st 61b in the Oaklcigh Handicap. The milo was run in lmin 45seo, and ho went with great freedom throughout. At Ararat lust week Taurns, who ran third in tho Geelong Cnp, won the Ararat Cup with vat ^id up, oeatmg mr. j. li. luariz s uroiaruoL (list 41b) and six others easily. The winner is by Hamlet from Maid of the Mount, and full brother to Little John, who was once backed for a Melbourno Cup,' in which ho cut a very ' inglorious figure. Spiffon, a son of Glorious, who has won in good company on metropolitan courses, was successful in tho LadieB* Bracelet, carrying 12st 121b. On tbo second day, Goldreof, 9st 61b, with P. M'Gowan up, got home in tho Settlers' Purse, in which Taurus was a non-starter. Oasis (a son of Malua and Verdure) won tho FJyingHandicap, M'Gowan again having tho mount. On the training tracks the work is becoming more interesting as the date of tbe V.R.C. Autumn Mooting approaches. At Flomiugtou .the proceedings havo been kopt pretty lively with tho visitors. Tom Payten has been much, in evidence with Albemarle. Ulrio, Autonomy, Arquebus, Douation, Kossuth, Stromboli, Bongal and Comoola. Stromboli seems to be iu great heart. He polished off Bengal in a onco round on tho tan on Satur day in a very workmanlike manner. Tho two-year-olds have been spurting, and thoy all seem protty well. On Thursday Sophiotto. aud The Gift ran a very fast gallop oV6r five furiougs, the distance being left behind in lmin 5isec, Sopbiotta having tho best of the go. Utter looks a perfect picture, and no horse is doing better at Flemmgton than sho is. Vegeterian and Forty Winks work to gether, and tho former is of very little use to Forty Winks, who is going well. On Thurs day be did a very taking gallop over a mile and a half. Hero also looks and goes well. The New Zealanders Florrio, Freedom, Ro priaal, Tho Workman, and tho Btoopleohasor Freeman havo come in for plenty of atten tion. Freedom is a splendid looking horse, and is in rare buckle. He must take a lot of beating in whatever race be ia sent for. Reprisal is also a bsauty, and he will give the Newmarket Handicap a great ' shake,' or I am very much mistaken. Highborn never looked better than ha does at present, and I think that both ho and Penance will earn their oats at the approaching meeting, although the latter moves somewhat short in his work. Jack ran a good sound run on the the tan track on Friday. Of the home horses nothing is Join;; bettor at Flemington than Sworduoarer, who is in magni ficent form, and he is bound to be a dangerous horse at the meeting. Singapore i3 also in good condition, though he appears as sluggish as ovor. The Now market Handicap ontaider.Avondale, is going off, and I am afraid ho has no show in tha great sprint .race. Clonard and Grandlike are getting into form, and tho two-yoar-old Sign ia doing oxcollent work. This is a, very slippery hilly. Port3ea works with Murl borough, but he only goes fairly well. Whhn brol still does good work ou tbo track, but he is undoubtedly a gay doooiver. Whakawai. and Sinecure are going all right, but they are a pair liable to break down at any moment. Tarooola goes woll. ? ? At Caulfield tho New Zealaudera have been providing moat of tho ' interesting work. Tiraillerio and Tirailleur ? uro rapidly im proving, tho former moving like a galloping machine. Ronataand Mcdjidiopnt in sound work, but Stornohaser is still doing sea bathing. Correze has made his re-appeare.nce on tho track, and works with Bovorley, Churohill, Hartington, and- Browley. Tho latter is rapidly improving. Proh Pudor is in great form, but be ia never allowed to do any very fast work. No horao does sounder work than Merriment, with whom Mr. Maitland is always first on tho tracks oach morning. Sheen is lame, but The Tyler is in good buckle. Carslake'steam, including Cnoramin, Ascot Vale, Sainfoin, Gladstono, und Elwortby aro all responsible for good sound work, and they will ba heard of in tile near future. Bothwell is in fine fottlo, and goes through his work as if bo likes it. Foulsham has Wild Rose and Gnaroo at Brighton. Somo interest was thrown into the Williams town meetiug on Saturday owing to the fact that the Sydney horsos, Tho Gift, Lady Edda, Rivula, and Sophietta, took part in it. Only one of them was successful, viz., Lady Edda, but 1 thiuk that Rivula will make amends for her defeat later on, aud Sophietta will also improve. Tho Hurdle Race fell to Mr. S. Miller's Sam, 12st, who showed muoh better form thau he did at Geelongr, and. simply played with his field. Impo3ter, lOst 121b, was tbo favorito, but ho only secured third place, tho Hon. Geo. Davis' Josephine, Ost 71b, splitting tho pair. The way Lady Edda won tho Trial Stakes was a bit of an eye opener to Victorians. Sho made hacks of the others, and won bard hold; the live furlongs being run in lmin 4sec. Helter Skelter, a promising but unlucky horso, was second. I think Lady Edda (who is eirod bv Segenhoe) will be ' beard of 2t tha V.K.C. Autnmn Mooting, if not beforo. Tho Newport Handicap was an exoellent betting raco, but the ranko3t outsider of tho lot in Solomon Solution (lato Colleen Bawn), who has improved rapidly of lato, was successful, Sat 131b baing his light impost. Propoundor, 9st 41b, and Little Maid, 7»t 81b, were the favorites, but neither was dangerous, but they will both bo worth watohuig a little later on. 3I-. S. Miller scored again iu the Steeplechase, his representative, Orangeman, 12st 21b, winning vory easily, though two of his moat dangerous opponents, Waiter and Tbs Irishman, came to tfrisf. Rifleman' ran a quarter ot u iimu uuuina iaa noia in xnis race, and tbe stewards callod upon his owner for an ciplenation, which was to tho effect that tho horso had only been a fortnight out of tbo paddock. This running of horses into form in public nt tho expense of backers is hardly a correct gumo to play (though it- ia ilouo often enough in high places), and tho stowards oxpressod themselves in that way to Rifleman's owner. Haste bad an easy win in tbo Selling llano, aud tho last eve-it, tbe Lnverton Stakes, fell to All There (6st 71b), who is by Loolinus— Lyre, and is trained by R, M'Kenna. with Sworilboaror, Singapore, and Co. at Flemingtou. All There had pro viously. run second to Solomon Solution, but he turned tbo tables on tha odiously-B&niBtl; borso on this occasion, tho 71b penalty making all the difference. The Sydney trainers aro loud in their praises of the Flemingtou tracks. They aro iu far better condition they «ay than those at Randwick. The Hon. W. A. Long has removed Patrol, Lady Edda, Biriuji, and Rivula from Queenscliff to Flemiugtoa. ? 