Two Lepers. The following is the romantic sketch under above heading, published in the July edition of Longmans Magazine, which certain persons appear to have taken seriously as being intended to represent the condition of affairs at the Port Darwin leper station. It is almost needless to point out that if the writer had any such intention, he has drawn chiefly upon a very vivid imagination for his facts :-. A shelving stretch of dazzling white beach, fringed on the shore edge by some ; miserable under grown gums ; before it the sea lay, still, glassy, and glaring beneath the vertical rays of the burning sun. Just above high-tide mark, where the tall grass had grown luxuriant in the last rainy season, stood two tiny tents, each only large enough for a man to crawl into for shelter or to sleep. From the rough curtained entrance of one a man came, on his hands and knees slowly, and with much trouble raised himself by the two upright poles which' formed the door. He stood up at last, and caught in his hand a strong young sapling, newly cut, which beat against the tent. With its and he dragged his footsteps laboriously halfway down the firm white sand of the beach. There he stood still, and, leaning heavily upon his stick, beat a little forward. His upraised left hand lay trembling above his dull white eyebrows and shaded the lustreless eyes. An old, very old wideawake covered his un- kempt hair, and the buttons of his ragged cotton shirt were unfastened, showing the thick muscles of his bare neck standing out like stiff strained cords. No shoes upon his feet, no covering ; feet that now slowly, inch by inch, crumbled, fell useless before the relentless death-leaven of leprosy. An Englishman's leper-thrust out away from the sight of man, from the thought of humanity. Thrust out, away on that dreary barren islet off the north coast of Australia ; although not utterly alone, as Providence had given him for companionship, in another victim of the same fell dis- temper, a Chinaman coolie. These men, cut off, by the necessity of their burden of affliction and by the circumstances of their situation, from all power of helping themselves, were at the mercy of those whose duty it was to bring supplies of food and fresh water from the mainland to them. They were frequently forgotten for days together, neglected always. In that awful temperature, where the almost normal summer heat registers 115deg. in the shade day after day, and where the nights are hot and choking with the clammy damp of tropic dew, the fear of death from the agony of thirst became ever a near reality to them. The Englishman stood in hopeless patience, looking wearily over to where the mainland lay a faint, purple run upon the waters edge, straining his eyes vainly through the shimmering waves of heated air to catch a glimpse of the overdue boat. Presently the coolie; joined him, and said: "Me thinks launch no come. Chinaman no can catches water; him no more can eat." The Englishman did not reply, but turned away and directed his heavy footsteps to a point where the smooth white sands lost themselves in a mangrove swamp. There he sat down and dreamily traced with his stick the black lines which had filtered up from the ooze below. The coolie had followed him at some distance slowly, his face turned ever to the mainland as he walked. When he reached the swamp he clambered down to it to search for shellfish. As he climbed through the contested grey white stems of the mangroves, which, forced from their natural level by the never-resting swamp, and washed by the ebb and flow of the tide, had become twisted into grotesque, almost demoniacal, shapes, they seemed to [ mock at the unfortunate man, and to stretch out their weird bare limbs as though to beckon him to bury his mutilated, almost inhuman face down in the slimy deaths from which they had emerged. The Englishman still rested on the beach. The stick had fallen from his J grasp ; his elbows rested on his knees ; his ashen grey face hidden by his in turned hands, as though to shut out the desolation of his surroundings And his thoughts wandered - lost themselves in the days long, so long past, when he had lived happily in the old home in Somersetshire. He could see the little grey stone cottage. And he saw his mother. His mother ! God help her 1 He groaned. If she could see him L The hours passed, and the bright waters of the sea grew in richness and depth of colour as the sun sank low, and his clear disc glowed with a crystal- line purity as it slowly dropped, and disappearing, shot up over the cloudless heaven such a flood of crimson and yellow, the outer edges of the last merged into the overhead blue softly, and lower gained intensity where it met the rosy glow of the set sun's greater glory! And. a light as of burnished gold lay over the darkening waters, and streamed through the shadows of the desert island, and rested for a few moments vividly upon the outcasts. Directly two or three shrill whistles woke the deathlike silence, followed by a loud 'Cooee!' and a small launch steamed round the point. Both of the men made the best of their way to the landing place; the coolie, most fleet, reached it in time to drag the long looked-for stores out of reach of the water as they were hurriedly pitched overboard. The Englishman got to the place as the launch was leaving, and asked if any newspapers had been sent for him. 'No!' shouted the captain; 'no! And you many think yourself did lucky to get the tucker. And with this one remark he departed. Month after month these two men live through the fearful monotony of the dry season the time when no rain falls upon this parched North Australian land, when no cloud floats in the pitiless everlasting blue, when no tender green of grass or bud shoots forth to clothe the brown, burnt, bare earth; and the shadows of the gums lie, each leaf and branch, clear as a hard traced drawing on the ground. Only the white, white Breach, the gloom of the swamp, aridlfíj^sea surrounding all, mirror-like, for days to; gether-the ebb and flow of the tide imperceptible, stealing up and sinking back silently, as some great ghost thing. Through the months of rain-their canvas shelter sodden, blurred inside with a growth of blue mould which clings, a sickly, fringe fur, everywhere when the rank grasses spring out of the earth and rush up in mad growth, soon to overtop tents and trees; then the climbing plants wind their clinging tendrils round their coarse stalks, and their fair white flowers bloom; but over all the damp, suffocating, everlast- ing heat broods. 1 through fierce storms, when the thunder and lightning crashes and flares, the leaden and foam flecked sea heaving, and rain falls in streaming, blinding torrents. Day succeeds day, month month. Years now stand against their period of banishment. Yet these lepers live. MURRAY EYRE. 