GEORGE GILFILLAM'S GHOST. THE STOBY OF ACHBISTMAS CBIME, By " KESS/' in the Weeklu Scotsman. Did you ever see a ghost-a real., live ghost, uncle ?" The speaker-a wee lassie of sis was one of a group of -Children who were gathered rouud the fire m the drawing-room of Ho] 1 j Lodge. It was Christmas Day. The little ones had jeaten heartily of roast turkey, plum pudding, and mince pies; and with the happy immunity from indigestion^ which bairns seeins to enjoy all the world over, were now filling up the .crevices and crannies of their internal arrangements with a desert of oranges, apples, almonds and raisins, which are? so dear to juvenile palates. " A real live ghost, Amy !" echoed 3Jn.cle James. " Who ever saw a ghost that was alive ?" " Oh, you know what I mean," replied the lassie, somewhat offended at the general laughter which her .query had provoked. " A ghost that was real-not a ' spook' made up of a hollow turnip and a white sheet." " Well-yes," replied Uncle James; I was one of some dozen people to whom the ghost of poor George Gil fillan appeared, nearly a yea? after the murder, and " " Qh! there is a murder iu the Story," cried several small voices simultaneously ; " a ghost, and a mur 4er! Do tell us all about it." " Are yon sure you won't be terri fied ont of your senses ?" inquired T(Tnele James, with mock gravity. " Terrified! Not us," chorused the children, somewhat ungrammatically ; ?or it was still broad daylight, and the uncanny hour of tvyijight was not fet at hand. "Yery well," acquiesced Uncle James, good-humouredly. " Only don't blame me, Miss Amy, if you dream of the ghost-that's al|. Let me see," and the narrator paused, as if searchingjin^the,. dim memories of the past. "Tes^-iVis just twenty r five years ago, this/very day, since poor George was murdered." " Bat who was George Gil»liat| ?" asked an inquisitive youngster. "Now you must let me tell the story my own way," said Uncle James. " George GiifiHan was the elder of two brothers, who, at his father's death, inherited the Grange, § gloomy old dwelling-house, built in the time of Good Queen Bess, and the exten sive estate attached thereto. George had always been a bit of a misanthrope. Even at school he sfsjs known as ' Glumpy George,' and as he grew pller he seemed to grow more and more reserved and unapproachable. He was terribly mean over money ?matters, and had not had possession of the place more than six months w'ien he quarrelled with his only brother, Harry, over the allowance which the younger brother thought he onght to have out of the estate. Unfortnnately, the old squire had died without leaking a will, and there fore everything went to George. He |)0 ran bv proposing that -Harry should dolthe work of a baiiiff oil the estate, receiving a bailiff s saiary of £100 a .year, and the run of the Grange. Harry was a high-spirited young fellow and the offer he deenjed nothing better than an insult, both to himself and to the memory of his dead father, who had always treated his song with equal liberality. George declined any other arrangement than which he had suggested, and plainly hinted that if the young man did not care to earn his living by making hitxir self useful &t; home, he had better try ?i?a fortune elsewhere. Harry took the Tiint. "With something like £50 iu his pocket he emigrated to Australia; and in Jess than a year after his departure news reached the Grange that he had been killed in a quarrel among some sheep-farm hands about a hundred miles from Sydney. " Left to himself, George Gilfillan became every day -closer about money matters. The estate was worked as it had never been worked before. Rents were raised, trees put j down and sold, wages screwed down, to starvation point, and the establish ment at the Grange reduced to a couple of indoor servants and a man who looked after the kitchen garden. The squire, as he was somewhat relucfantlr termed, seemed to live only ibr the purpose of making and saving money, and was socn estranged from all friends who had esteemed his late father. His only confidant was a certain Lithe Davis, an attorney of a neighboring town, who transacted all j the squire's legal business on most j moderate terms; and in return was j allowed to quarter himself for weeks j at a time at the Grange, enjovine such meagre hospitalitv as the pla<*e j afforded. When I tell you that all 1 the plate, the family heirlooms, in the shape of pictures and curio*, and even the personal jewellery of the old squire had been sold, and the proceeds j invested in various wavs, you will understand hoT completely the monev pettinr T>assion had obtained posses sion of George Gilfillan's soul. "But there was one valuable whieh the squire was forced to keep. This was a massive gold rinjT- set with abii* diamond, which his father had placed j on his finger on his 21ct birthday. Tt wa« somewhat of a tisrht fit even then : but sinpp that dav George Gil fillan had filled out. and his very bones seemed to have enlarged. The ring could not br> removed without cutting it, and partly frmn superstitious notions, partly from a dislike to mntilate what lie regarded as a sort of talisman. George Gilfillan resigned himself to carrying about on the fourth Snger of his left hand something like £50 worth of property which, he often reflected with a sigh, brought him no interest whatever. " And now I come to the murder. Christmas of the year 1866 was close at hand. Tee squire had personally - inspected the cattle fattened on. the farm, which were destined for the ' Christmas markets, and had superin tended the cutting of the ho*ly from the Grange shrubberies, which was sent for sale into tl^e neighboring town." " But didn't %e save a wee bit to i decorate his own rooms, uncle ?" asked a youngster, horrified at the idea. " Not a bit, Willie," said Uncle James seriously; " but you mustn't interrupt me, oy I shall lose the thread of my etory. Let me see, where was I? Oh, yes. Well, Christmas eye came, and after going through some rattier complicated accounts with Luke Davis, the squire dismissed that worthy, and retired to the room which he dignified by the name of his study. What happened subsequently was a mystery. But next morning-Christmas morning-when the old woman who acted as cook and housekeeper came down to open the shutters of the study window, a horrible sight met her gaze. Squire George was stretched out on the floor, with a terrible gash in his throat, from which the lif.e-blood had. ebbed away into a dark pool on the carpet, while the little finger of his left hand, and the ring which he wore on it were both missing. You can understand what a commo tion such a terrible crime caused. Luke Davis, who was staying at the Grange, being roused by i§e distracted servant, dressed hastily, and made the best of his way to the nearest town, whenee he soon returned with a police inspector. That official's enquiries and those of a detective, who followed close on his heels, failed to elucidate the mystery of George Gilfillan's death. The deceased man, as I have said, sent his factotum to his room about an hour "before midnight. The window of the study was securely fastened, and tlje hall door locked arid bolted on the inside ; but there were other doors and windows in the rank ling old Grange through which a murderer could easily have made his escape. "Nothing was missing but the ring whiqli the dead man had worn, though that was sufficiently valuable to tempt the cupidity of a thief. At the inquest Luke Davis gave his eviT dence clearly enough ; in fact, he had little to tell. He had retired to rest, he said, as soon as dismissed from attendance on his employer. He had slept soundly, as was his wont. No jiGise had disturbed him during the night. So the jury consulted together for few minutes, and returned a ver dict of " Wilful murder against some person, or persons, unknownand the remains of George Gilfillan were consigned to their last resting-place. "A week after the funeral there was another surprise, though this time of a less tragical ^nature. The squire had neyer married, and the Grange and all its belongings passed away to a remote branch of the faqjily, whose representative was glad to secure -the services of Davis for a while, until all the ins and outs of the estate were mastered, and the various investments of the squire duly investigated. The heir had employed a London lawyer to look after his interests; and" this gentleman, with .Davis's assistance, was arranging tbe^ squire's papers when they made a discovery. This wis a a will executed nearly a year before, which left everything of which he might die possessed--money, real and personal estate-to Luke Davis! No one seemed more surprised than the fortunate legatee. On ex amination the will was found to be a perfectly genuine1? document. It bore the signature of two witnesses tenant farmers of the deceased squire who well remembered having been asked on a certain rent day to witness their landlord's signature to a docu ment, the contents of which they had noidea i and. both swore to their hand writing. So the distant relation gave up everything to the little attorney, who at once entered into possession of the Grange. " For a whole year the new squire, as he vainly endeavored to persuade the people around to call him, reigned at the Grange. The country families stood aloof from the interloper, as he was deemed ; but he gathered around him a get of hard-riding and heavy drinking boon companions of his own class, and, while keeping a sharp eye on both income and expenditure, cer tainly spent more money in each week than his predecessor had done in a year. " And then a rumor became current in the r_ei°[hborhood -- whispered at first in bated breath, but soon uttered more boldly that Squire George was '? walking.' There were plenty to confirm the tale. A certain Walter Staples, son of the village blacksmith, described, how he had met the squire's ghost one evening just after dusk, in the avenue leading to the Grange. He told how the spectre, attired in the well-known snuff-colored suit which Squire George had constantly worn, had appeared to slide from the trees, with a thick black bandage round his throat, hold ing aloft his left hand, on which onlv three fingers remained, and wailing in a low, mournful tone, ' Murdered ! murde-ed !' " " Others confirmed the story. Tluv too Lad seen the ghost, aud had heard ; its mournful cry. The report reached Luke Davis, who laughed at the idea, bat who increased his potations, and evinced a decided dislike to be left alone, and always had two or three of his disreputable cronies staying with him at the grange." "And when did you see {-he ghost uncle ?" asked Amy in a whisper, for i twilight had fallen; the flickering flames of the Are shone weirdly on walls and ceiling, and the group round the fire pressed more closely to each other as they listened intently to the narrative. " I was just coming to that," said TJncle James quietly. " I had lived all my life within half a dozen miles of the Grange, and, although only a lad of eighteen at the time of the squire's murder, the events had impressed themselves on my mind to such an extent, that for a time I j&rnily; believed it was my mission to trace the murderer. I was brooding over the matter one evening as I was pro ceeding home, and as I passed the great gates which, led up to the Grange, gazed curiously up the avenue. Something, at first an indistinct figure, came to the gates ; then it assumed more definite proportions and I saw, or at any rate believed that I saw, the ghost of George Gilfillan. The apparition, or whatever you like to call it, was just as young Staples had described it. But to my mind the features had a ghastly pallor, and the eyes shone with unnatural brilliancy. Just as the figure raised its left hand, on which I distinctly saw the ejtump of the mutilated finger, I lost all con trol of myself, and ran off along the road towards home as fast as my legs could carry me. f< But the next nevra we had of the ghost was more startling still. Christ mas was again approaching. Squire George had been dead nearly a year; and Luke Davis was preparing tp hold high revels at the Grange in honor of the festive season. Half-a dozen of his special friends had already taken up their residences with him in anticipation of the entertain ments, to which all in his set were invited. Well, on Christmas Eve, Davis and these particular guests were enjoying themselves in the dining-room. Dinner was over-for the par venu aped the hours and customs of the eoantry folk - the decanters had circulated freely, and if courage can be obtained from the bottle, Davis and his friends ought to have been brave enough. But when the dining-room door slowly opened, and the same ghastly figure which had already terrified so many of the villagers, slowly glided into the dimly-Hghted room, its occu pants displayed very little bravery indeed. The host sat in his chair the very incarnation of fear. His hair began to rise; bis jaw fell ; the blood left bis face *, and as the mysterious visitant raised its mutilated left haud, and, pointing the forefinger at him, distinctly exclaimed "' Murderer! Murderer !' <f Luke Davis fell to the ground in an apopletic fit." There was silence for a moment or two. No one dared to speak, and more than one of Uncle Jfunea' audience looked rather nervously over their shoulders across the now darken ing room. "When the confusion had somewhat abated it was seen that the dreaded visitant had disappeared as mysteri ously as it -had come. The terrified host "was carried up to his bed; a doctor was summoned; but it was hours ere he recovered consciousness. "When he did so it was found that his lower limbs were paralysed; and gradually the truth was told him, that he had only a few days to live. Then came the dying man's confession. He had murdered his benefactor, knowing ; that a will had been made in his favor, and being unwilling to wait for his inheritance. The mutilation of the finger and the theft of the ring was merely to lead to the idea that the crime had been committed for the j sake of the ring. Both weapon and I ring had been thrown into the moat; i and but for the shock caused by the ghostly accusation, the crime might j never have been discovered^ « "Rxr +1 1- T -I - -- - 1 By-the-bye. I dined with that ! ...... i.uuv UlliV last Tuesday," repeated TJncle James in a rery matter of fact voice. " Tou see it wasn't redllv a ghost after all. Harrv Gilfillan had been seriously hurt in that quarrel ' up countrv,' of wh:ch news had reached the Grange, having lost a finger in the fight; but he had not died as reported. On the contrary, lie had recovered, and was gradually making money when news of his brother's murder reached him. Prom the very first he suspected Inike Davis of the crime, but there was no evidence to go npon ; so he returned to England determined to solve the mystery. Knowing every room and passage in the Grange, it was easy to quarter himself in one of the disused j apartments. Onee installed in his ; I boyhood's home, he procured a suit of I his poor brother's clothes, and hit on the idea of playing ghost, experiment ing first on some of the village folk, and then-when rumor had intensi fied the story-playing his trump and appearing to the man who he was convinced was the murderer. Luke Davis died repentant on the last dav of the year, and Harrv Gilfillan still reigns the popular and much-esteemed squire of the Grange." " So there vyas no ghost-not a real dined with that ghost only ghost-after all," said Amy, rather regretfully. " Well, I don't know, I think it was a very real ghost," said Uncle James with a laugh. " Now let us Jight the gas. Who's for a game of Specula tion?" 