WIT AND HUMOR. A Great Deal-,— -Four noos. Tho LawyofV BiMt. — ProbntoV A Popular Meastfre. — Brim-full. A Vory Revolting Piaffe'. — Brazil-.- More Figure-heads. — Bookkeepers; a if rioaQ in neua ib u piqguc tiruoofie Montal Rosorvation. — Tho memory, . Tho Health Quostion, — "How aro you P"' Warily to wed and advertiBO makes » mats wealthy, envied, and wise. Sober second thoughts aro gonorally pre-- ooded by headaohes. Teacbor (reading from grammar) : "A good boy prefers duty to pleasure. What port of speech is ' prefors ?' " Bad Small Boy : " A whopper." ' Maud : " I wish Jack would hurry up and proposfe." Ethol : " Why, do you wish to marry bim I" Maud : " No. I wish to get him off my hands." Bather Equivocal,— Gus Snobberly wan quite lato iu arriving a soiree given by a prominent Now York lady. Whon he arrived ho immediately sought her presonce and said — " I bog a thousand pardons for coming so lato." "My dear sir," replied the.ladyv "you oan nover come too lato." " Ynn flllrtliMn't'. tin an vnaf.lnaa Jw» nhttrn' . Charlie," said tho minister to his littlo son. I' I could see you moving and jumping about in the pew all through my sermon." " I was stillor'n you woro, papa," anewored Charlie. "You was wavin' your arms and talkin' all through tho ohureli." Mistress : " Morcy on me, what a kitchen ! Every pot, pan, and dish is dirty, the table looks like o junk shop, and — why, it will take you a week to get things cleaned up.! What havo yon been doing?" Servant: "Sure mum, the young leddies has just been down her showing mo how they roast a po tato at tho cooking school." A Luoid Interval. — (Things one wonld - rather have expressed differently,) Doctor: " How Is the patient tbis morning 7" Nurse : Well — ho has been wandering a good deal in his. mind. Early tbis morning I heard him say, ' Wbat an old woman that deiotor ip (" — and I think that was about the last really rational remark ho made." Tho Eagle Suroauis.— American official in China: " This mobbing of missionaries must stop!" Chinese Official: "Huh I Wbatoe Moliean Glovement do 'bout it P" " Hark 1 Do you hoar that terrible rumble 7" "Thateo earthquake. Wo havee many." Do you know, sir, what causes earthquakes ?" "Me no sabe." " It's the American Government testing its big guns at Sandy Hook I" Sambo joined tho church, and his pastor thought it best to look after bfm, " Havo you Btolen any chickens, Sambo, since you mot with change ol heart ?" said the min ister ono day. " No, massa— oh, no I hasn't stole no ohick'ns 't all 1" " Any turkeys P" persisted tho pastor. " Oh, no, massa — I hasn't took nary a turkoy I" " Well, Sambo, I'm glad to hear it — very glad. Watoh andx- Dfav 1"— and the rood man wont on. "Gollv." chuckled Sambo, peeping inside bio eoat, if he'd sed 'dtfeka' ho'd a bed mo?" Everybody who has attended spiritualist seances is painfully aware of the intellectual deterioration which great souls undergo ' after tlieir departure from this life. Neither in thought uor in speech are they such aB wo have known them in the flesh or through their books. An admirable instance in point Wad related at Richmond the other day by Sir Monntstuart Grant Duif. A lady re quested a medium to " bring " up Lindley Murray. Tho p-osence of a spirit was an nounced in tho usual fashion, and the ques tion was put, "Aro you Lindley Murray P" " Yes," replied tho ghost promply — "Iare.t" Uncle Abraham, on Chatham-street, was speaking to an acquaintance about putting an emblem over tho door of his store. " I'd put a beehive," suggosted the man. "Vot does tho beehive stand for?-' "For indus try." "Oh, dot vas all nonsenso! Dot doan' show peoples dot I sell a 14 dollar suit for eight dollars." " I know ; hut the bee is a worker." "Yob, bnt dot doan' do. E frybody vhna a worker. Industry vhaH all right, but if somebody comes baok wit a pair of pants dot shrink oop 18 inohos, dot peohivo doan' explain dot it was a singu lar dim at o on pants." 