THE STORY-TELLER. CONFESSIONS OF A HYPNOTIST: A SERES OF STRANGE STORIES. By ALLEN CARTER, Author of " Wayside Romances," " The Oak House Mystery," " A Woman's Sacrifice," &c.; DRIVEN TO SUICIDE. Daring my stay at the seaside some three or four years ago I made the acquaintance of a man whoBe career may be described aa a flash of religious enthusiasm, ending in a sad and terrible tragedy, in which unintentionally I had a share which has occasioned me many un pleasant reflections. Joseph Garner was a missioner. Young, en thusiastic, well connected, and with ample means, he could have gained distinction in many ways more congenial to the generality of men than the way fie had chosen. He had Btarted in life as a student of medioine; but a disappointment in love produced a morbidity of mind ill-suited to a profession which requires that the practitioner should always have his wits about nim. Then he came under the influence of Moody and Sanky( the revi valist preachers, during one of their periodic visits to this country, with the result that he determined to devote whatever of love, energy, piety, and wealth he possessed to the ameliora tion of the spiritual and physical condition of the brutal men and wretched women to be found in the slums of all large towns. He did not confine his operations to any one town, or any one part of the country, but would stay in one place a few weeks or months, and then go Bomewhere else. He had thus established a round of mis sionary labour which he carried on entirely from hiB own resources, paying for any assistanoe he might require, and generally,' during his absence, leaving some one in charge of the district whocould keep up the religiouB engage ments, oonduot the services, and maintain any progress that might Iillvo been made. The place near which I was staying when I met Joseph Garner was a garrison town as well as a seaport, and consequently oontained amongst its population some of the vilest and most abandoned specimens of both sexes possible to be met with. In the quarter in which Mr. Garner located himself the houses were wretched, tumble-down, vermin-haunted hovels, eaoh containing three or four rooms, and each room some half-dozen or more occu pants. Half the males were thieves, burglars, or bullies; all the females were devoid of decency iu language, thought, or act. It was a veritable human heU, and yet here it was that the re fined, sensitive, talented, well-to-do enthusiast settled himself down for a steady three months' work. At first he was regarded with undisguised suspicion and dislike. The inhabitants oould not understand any one but a detective coming among them; and, as the majority ot them were almost continually in peril of the law, they were very shy of any one who might be an instrument of it. They very soon found, however, that Mr. Garner was what he repre sented himself to be-a man come among them to assist and save those who seemed utterly lost. And though many of them laughed at him, and a few scoffed and derided, they allowed him to go about among them unmo lested, and listened with respect to what he had to say. Amongst the women he worked with a zeal and earnestness worthy of better results. He found in many cases that, though debased and brutalised, they could still respond to kindness, sympathy, and love. Gradually those in whose breasts the womanly virtues were not quite dead yielded to his mfluenoe, whioh meant somewhat of a change for the better. But usually the change was very slight and inter mittent. One of the women, Nelly Warren by name, had a peculiar attraction for him. I fancy from what he afterwards told me that she reminded him in some remote degree of the woman ho had loved and lost. Brink was her strong weakness, if I may use such a term. Over and over again she promised him not to touch it, but the least temptation .proved too much for her; she forgot all about her promise, and drank as long as she could get drink or ewallowit. Bit by bit Mr. Garner was able to piece her history together. She was the daughter of a solicitor, living in a happy home, and surrounded by all the comforts she could wish for. In an evil moment she fell in with a sprig of the nobility, the son of one of ber father's clients, went astray, and on the matter coming to her father's knowledge was sent adrift. Finding that he could do nothing with her while surrounded by companions who were always placing temptation in her way, Mr. Garner succeeded, after two or three vain attempts, in persuading her to agree to leave that aistriot and live with some people where she would be looked after, and have-an oppor tunity of recovering her respectability. He was, perforce, obliged to absent himself from the aistriot for two or three days in order to arrange for her reception at theoountry farmhouse at which he proposed to place her. Before leaving he made her promise that she would keep from the drink, and that she would not leave the neighbourhood. The latter promise he believed he could depend upon ; ithe former he feared was beyond her power to beep if temptation came in her way. ?On his return three days later, having made aU necessary arrangements, he hastened to the etpeet in whioh Bhe was living, but found the entrance to the thoroughfare blocked by a condon of polioe. " What is the matter t" he asked. "Woman murdered, sir," was the solid reply. A thrill of apprehension shot through Mr. Garner1* nerves as he reiterated, " A woman murdered! What is her name?" " Don'i rightly know, sir," said the con stable. "]SelIy something. I believe. Stind back, sir; you oan't pass," he added, as Mr. Garner tried to get by. " But it i« very likely I know the woman. I know all the women in this neighbourhood. My name is Garner, the missioner. I've been working among them for weeks." " Oan't help it, sir. Orders very Btrict not to let any one pass. But here's tne sergeant. Ask him." " Is the name ot the murdered woman Nelly Warren f " It is, sir," said the sergeant, who knew Mr. Garner by sights "Do you know her?" and he signed to the constable to make way for the gentleman to pass. "Do I know her!" repeated Mr. Garner, dreamily. " God help her, I have been making arrangements for her removal where she would have had a chance to recover something of her loBtpoBition." They had by this time reaohed the house where the body of the murdered woman was lying. "Ah, it is a fearful neighbourhood this," said the sergeant. "I wonder yon have been able to stay here bo long." Like a man in a dream Mr. Garner passed the constable standing atthe door of one of the upstair rooms and approached the bed on whioh lay the corpse, vitn a horrid gash extending across the throat almost from ear to ear. He stood looking at the ghastly objeob with wide open eyes, but they had an expression in them like one looking at some far distant objeot, and he scarce seemed to hear the partioularp of the orime as they were narrated in brief, ourt language by the sergeant, though every detail was impressed nponhis mind with photographio exactness. The murdered woman had been seen the day before drinking with a sailor in one of the beerhouses which abounded in the locality. Nothing more was seen of her until the people of the house, wondering at her non-appear ance, entered the room and found her lying with Her throat cut upon the bed. There was absolutely no clue to the perpetrator of the crime, the sailor was a stranger to the neigh bourhood, no one had set eyes on him since they were seen together in the beerhouse, and all efforts to trace him had so far proved futile. Mr. Garner was terribly cut up over the affair. I never saw a man so affected by an event in whioh he could have no personal interest. He called upon me the day after his return with one of tne strangest proposals I had ever made to me. "When I was studying medicine," he said, " I became much interested m the theory of hypnotism, and read up several works upon the subject. With its practice I have never had anything to do. Since I became acquain ted with this dreadful affair I have had borne in upon me the belief, which I cannot shake off, that if I could be placed in a condition of hypnotio somnambulism I should be able to see the man who committed the crime and, possibly, ascertain where he is to be found. Have you any objection to place me in that condition! I took a deep interest in this woman, and would give anything to find her murderer." I looked at the man carefully before making any reply to so strange a request. His tem perament was of the order wmch in a woman would produce hysteria, hie nervous system was so finely organized as to make it suscep tible to influences whioh would have no effect upon ordinary individuals, and it was still quivering from the shock sustained the previous day. I could not help thinking what a splendid medium the man would make; there would be nothing within the range of hyp notism that could not be accomplished with his willing aid. Certainly if the perpetrator of the crime of which hapless Nell Warren had been the victim could be found by such means Mr. Garner would be successful in discovering him. "Have you ever submitted yourself to the influence ?" I asked. "Never," he replied. "I should not think it right to plaoe my will in subjection to any man without some adequate motive." " As a student of medicine you are probably aware that you possess an exceptionally deli cate and finely strung nervous organization. The consequences of hypnotism upon suoh a temperament maybe more Jar-reaching than you are aware." " It is because I believe myself to be more susceptible than most men that I look for a successful result of the experiment. I am not likely to tamper with my suBoeptibility when once the objeot is accomplished. "Very well," I said. "I thought it only right you should understand your position. People with your temperament cannot always shake off the influenoe when they wisn. However, if you persist in your proposal lam ready to operate when and where you please." "I had fully made up my mind before I came," he replied. "You will possibly think me full of morbid fancies, but I have an idea that I shall be more successful if the experi ment is tried in the presence of the dead body." "Yea," I agreed, "if not too painful for you the association of ideas will certainly assist your mental efforts. I suppose you can obtain theneoesBary permission. A few hours later we met in the room in which the corpse of the murdered woman was still lying, the inquest having been opened that morning and adjourned pending the result of the search the police were making. The only other person in the room was an Inspector of Police, who took a note of what passed. Seating Mr. Garner in a chair by the side of the bed I placed my hand lightly upon his head and bade him look up into my eyes. In ten seconds he was in a state of artificial som nambulism, in which condition the mental faculties are abnormally active and the imagi nation highly excited. It had been agreed that I should take him back to the time when Nelly Wacren was seen drinking with the sailor at the beerhouse, which we had discovered to be named the Boar's Head. "?You are at the Boar's Head beerhouse in Turmoil-street. Do you see it?" I said. "Yes." "The murdered woman, Nelly Warren, is there with a strange sailor. They are drinking together. Do you see them?" ""Yes." " Watoh them, and tell me what happens." Theunconscious man appeared to be gazing with strained intensity upon some Bcene taking place.at a long distance. His eyes were open, but they ooula not see us or the room in which we were; they saw only what took plaoe between the woman Warren and the sailor. Two or three minutes passed ere he spoke again. " They .have finished drinking," he said at length. " The man turns to go, says he has to join his ship in half an hour, and has only just time to reaoh the dock. Nelly Warren asks 'him to pay (for some more drink for her before he goes. The money will be of no use to him on board ship, she says. The man throws down a shilling and goes out." " And the woman 1" interposed the Inspector eagerly. He kad entered into the spirit of the thing, though he did not believe any good could come frost Bush tomfoolery. I have, however, always found that the polioe, like moct other people, are ready enough to take advantage of anything whion will help but their own stupidity or lack of cleverness, from whatever source it may come. Mr. Gamer of ooacse took no notioeof the Inspector's question. Being ia what some authorities on the subject nave called the elective stage, he was en rapport, only with myself, and would resent any interference from another person. " Exouseme, Inspector," I said. Mr. Garner will not answer your questions unless they are put through me. As this is a very deuoate operation and requires entire concentration of thought, I muBt ask you to be good enough to leave the matter in my hands for the present. You shall have an opportunity of putting any questions to him, through me, before I awaken him." The Inspeotor eyed me rather evily for a moment, then resumed his notetaking. " The sailor left the house, you said. What becomes of the woman ?" " She is joined by Mary Bates, one of the most drunken reprobates in thedistriot. Bates is already the worse for liquor, and wants Warren to pay for more. Warren refuses and puts the shilling into her pocket. Then they quarrel, but not lond enough to make any disturbsoioe. They use bad _ language-my God! bow dreadful it all is. Bates says Warren has been robbing her, and she'll mate her pay for it. Then Bates goes out, and Nelly stays behind and has more beer, paying for it with the Bailor's shilling. She keeps on' drinking till all the money is spent. Why, oh, why, will they supply drink to poor women m this way! Now she reels oat of the house. It is dark. There is no one about. _ She passes through a paved court, and slinks along,1 holding on by the window-sills and doorposts until she reaches the house in which she lives. She tumbles along the entry, crawls up the stain, enters tier room, and throws herself on th© bed*" "That seems all feasible enough," said the Inspeotor, when a pause occurred. "But it is strange phe should have been drinking in that house all that time and then reeled here in a tipsy state, and for no one to have seen k6" Plenty of people may have seen her," I re plied, "without recognising her or taking any notioe of her. I should say it is no new thine, or even unusual, to see a drunken woman in the streets here at all hours of the day and night. Some one at the Boars Head, however, will be sure to Know now long she stayed there, and whether she was drunk when she left. Only I suppose its to their interest to keep quiet, if they oan. " At anv rate, the sailor seems to be out of it, if tiiB is to be relied upon," added the °®?you may depend upon it this is to be relied upon," I said. "The soene passing before Mr. Garner's mind is an actual repro duction of events as they took place. Mr. Garner's is an exceptionally sensitive organiza tion, and we shall know who was the mur derer before we have finished, depend upon lt'At this moment Mr. Garner started up, and with horror-stricken look gazed in a corner of the room. . , .... " There 1 there is the murderess ! he ex claimed in great excitement, pointing at an imaginary object. See! she holds a knife in her hand-she orawls on her hands and knees to the bedside-she rises Blowly, slowly, slowly! Now she stoops over the sleeping form-her face is distorted with rage and hate -she draws the knife over the sleeping woman's throat-once, twice 1 My God. it is too horrible 1" With a moan of intense agony Mr. Garner sank back into the chair and covered his face with his hands, as though he would shut out that awful vision. , The Inspeotor and I had both been car ried away by the vivid reality with which the scene had been invested. As w^jollowed Mr. Garner's looks and actions we could almost fanoy we saw the ©vent ho BO draniati* cally described. _ "Ask him who it was," whispered the otbeer. "Have patienoe," 1 said. %'His nerves are overwrought. He must have time to reoover." _ . , I placed my hands on the suffering man s forehead and temples, and presently the quivering which had ceased his whole frame had oeased, and he became calm. His per epilation stood in great beads upon nis brow, and for two or three minutes his breath had oome in great gasping sobs, so intense was the B^Then I put the final quostion, for I thought it was time to awaken him. "The woman-the murderess; you saw her face. Who was it?" . He seemed instinctively to shrink from replying. Persons in this oondition are by no means automatons in th© hands of the opera* tor, and will even argue or refubo to answer for awhile. . ... ,, T -j "You must tell me who it waB, I said firmly. Reluctantly the answer came- | "CanXe say where Bhe is now 1" asked the Inspector. " It may save a lot of time. " Where iB Mary Bates!" I asked. Mr. Garner sat for a minute or two, quite still, with a very weary look upon his pale faoe. Then he mentioned the name of a street in a distant quarter of the town, almost as vile a part as that in which we then were. "That will do, Bir, thank you, said the Inspector. " I will have the woman in ous tody within an hour if she is to be found. A most marvellous thing, upon my word. And he bustled out of the houBe, while I awwe the man who had displayed detective qualities of EO supernatural a character. It was all perfectly true. Mary Bates, con fronted with the victim and chaiged with the crime which she had thought hidden from all human knowledge, confessed that after leaving Nelly at the Boar's Head she had procured a j knife and hidden herself in the victim s room, ; stealing from her hiding place and slaying the helpless woman in her drunken sW;p. ihey baa long been enemies, and Mary Bates hated ber rival's comparative good looks anu better manners, hated her also for the interest taken in her by Mr. Garner. And the barman at the beerhouse when olosely questioned remem bered to have seen the two women together, though he had previously stated that Warren left the house with the Bailor, whom he did not eeegoout, . . . .. , , , Two days after the expenmert which had ended in the discovery of Nelly Warren a murderess Mr. Garner came to my hotel. Ha looked very pale and worn, and terribly de jected. Of course he remembered nothing bub what had been told him of what had transpired at that momentous hypnotio interview. " I can't get that woman out of my sight, he said after the usual greetings. " Night and day there is over before me the vision of the blood-stained corpse, with that hnmd gash across the throat. I conjure up all manner of scenes depicting the event, and it all seems as real as if I were an actor instead of a speotator. I shall go mad if it goes on much longer." "You ought not to stay in this neighbour hood," I said. " The associations are altogether too painful for you. Apart from this terrible affair, it ib not a place nor a work at allsuited to a man of your temperament. Take my ad vice and leave at once. Take a sea trip, go abroad, get among scenes the novelty of whioh will distract your mind from this morbid dwelling upon the horrible." _ " I you for your advice, ae said, quietly. " I know it to be good; but I cannot go away and leave my work like that. The little good I have been able to do would be fjl thrown away unless I can leave some one behind me to follow it up." " I do not think you will be any better while you remain here. Get away as soon as you can. Meanwhile, try not to think of unplea sant things, and above all foroe your mind from contemplation of that murder." When Mr. Garner left he was calmer, and had promised me he would expedite his arrange ments for leaving the town. But there was a brooding horror in his eyes I did not like to see. I felt so unoomfortable about him, indeed, that early in the morning of the day after hiB viBit to me I set out to call upon Lim. My way took me through the disreputable quarter in which Mr. Garner carried on his untiring self-sacrificing work. As I approached the street I oould see that something was wrong. People were running with frightened, anxious looks upon their faces, the whole dis trict seemed to be in commotion. Gould it be that anything had happened to Mr. Garner, I thought, as I quickened my steps. "What is it?" I inquired of an artisan who seemed a trifle more respectable than the generality of the people thereabout. "They say it's another woman mnrdered," he pan ted i as he hurried on. A few doors from the house in whioh Mr. Garner lodged a crowd had assembled, and was noisily discussing such details as had oozed out. As the body had only been dis covered within the last half-hour these were if the most meagre description. I was passing on to acquaint Mr. Garner with the affair when I met the Inspector who had assisted at the little e£anoe a few days before. He accosted me, and made a strange gnmaoe as he remarked: "Wonder if we shall want jou again over this affair?" "I hope not," I said, as I entered the house with him. " I doubt very much whether Mr. Garner would have the strength, even if he had the will, to go through another euoh experi ence. The scene it) the room was an almost exact repetition of that in Nelly Warren's case. The woman, Phoebe Thompson, was one of theolaEB among whom Mr. Garner bad laboured so zealously, and, as far as I could gather, with so little result. She lay Btretched at full length upon the bed, dressed as she had pro bably returned from a drinking bout the night before. And across the throat was a great wide gash. There was this difference between the two cases, that another lodger in the house had seen Thompson stumbling up the stairs shortly before midnight, muoh the worse for drink. There was certainly no one with her then. While the Inspector was making his in vestigations, I slipped away to Mr. Garner's lodgings. I found the landlady there in a Btato of considerable agitation, nob on acoounb of the murder, of whioh she had not heard, but because of the state in which she had that morning found her lodger. He was generally so punctual, said the woman, that when at ten o'clock be did not make his appearance in the sitting-room to partake of the breakfast she had prepared for him, she had gone upstairs. Getting no response to her knock she tried the handle, found the door was not looked, and opened it. Sitting on the side of the bed she saw Mr. Garner, dressed in a loose overcoat and soft felt hat he usually wore out of doors. _ " He looked like a ghost," she added, " and give me such a turn, specially when ne sat there all dazed- like and never looked up or spoke a word, that I ran down here to think what it would be best to do. Because be ain't got no relations about theBe partB as I knows on." Leaving the woman to get over her " turn" as best she could, I ran up the stairs and looked into Mr. Garner's room through the partly-open door before I ventured in. He was still sitting in the position which had been described to me. " Mr. Garner," I Baid, stepping softly into the room. At the sound of my voioe he lifted bis head, and I saw that he had relapsed into a state of hypnotic lethargy, the result of the peouliar mental condition in whioh he had been living the last two or three days, " Come, rouse up," I exclaimed, as I took the usual steps to awaken him. He started, looked at me with a puzzled stare for nearly a minute, brushed his hand across his forehead, and generally behaved1 like a person emerging from a state of stupor. " Where am I-what does it all mean ?"" he cried. Then, with a ory of horror I shall never forget he started to his feet and ex claimed, There has been another woman' murdered." "There certainly has," I said, "and close by, too. But how on earth did you know of it ? The body has only just been found." " I have been dreaming about it all night," he said, in a sad, weary tone, whioh cut me to the heart. " Look here, Mr. Garner, you must get out of all this at once, whether your work suffers or not. We Bhall have you in a lunatic asylum very shortly if you stay here." He made no reply, and I went on " I'll just run down to the place and bring you what particulars there are, while you change your things and freshen yourself up a. bit. You look as though you had been up all. night." "Who is it this time?" he asked quietly,, taking no notice of anything I had said. " Her name is Phoebe Thompson," I replied.. Waiting a moment to see how he took tho announcement, and finding that it seemed to make no impression, I went out, pulling the door to after me. , I had only been in the murdered woman s apartment long enough to learn from the Inspector that, grasped in her clenched fist, he had found a blaok cloth- covered button, euoh as are used on men's coats, when a woman's terrified shrieks resounded from the street below. Leaving a constable in oharge of the room, the Inspector hastened downstairs to ascertain the cause of this fresh tumult. We found Mr. Garner's landlady in a state bordering upon frenzy, and learned that ber' lodger had out his throat. It was even so. We found Mr. Garner in his shirt sleeves, lying on his back across the bed, with the blood stream ing on to the floor from a gash in his throat' infiioted evidently with a large clasp knife' still grasped in MB hand. It was im]iossible to save him; by the time a surgeon arrived he was quite dead. But the tragedy was not yet ended. There were marks of blood upon his clothing and1 upon his left hand which from the position in1 wnioh we found him, as well as from the fact that the blood was dry, could not have been< caused by the wound he had inflicted upon himself. The Inspector, ohanoing to look at' the thin blaok overcoat Mr. Garner had thrown off, was struok by the similarity of the buttons with that found in the'muidered woman's grasp, as also by the fact that one waa missing and bad evidently been reoently torn off witn considerable force. In one of the pookets of the overcoat also were marks of blood as though a bloody hand had been thrust in. Pieerag together bit by bit one link of evidenoe with another, we oould oome to no other conclusion than that Mr. Garner's mind had been thrown off its balanoe by the shock of the sudden disoovery of Nelly Warren's murder, that he bad brooded over it till the whole affair, as he bad informed me, was present with him day and night, that he had seen this woman leaving a beerhouse in a similar condition and under similar oiroum stances to those in the other case, and that he had tracked her to her lodgings, and then, or afterwards, out her throat. I did not believe, I do not believe now, that Mr. Garner knew what he was doing. Not that he was mad or insane as such a oondition is generally undenstood. Bat the morbid sus ceptibility to which he was subject had pre disposed him to an attack of homioidal mania, whioh was aggravated and started into aotivity by the unfortunate hypnotio experiment he himself had suggested. After I left him, having for the time dispelled the vapours by which his_ mind had been beclouded, and aroused him to a fuller consciousness of his aotions, something must have occurred to lead him to suppose that he himself was in this case the murderer; a discovery quite sufficient in a person of such temperament to induce the suicidal act he then committed. 