Weloomo to the ReV. T. Bre -wood. TEA AND PUrLIC MhL:ETING. Tuesday last was qsat a memorahls day in the annals of the Bl.prit Church of thua towm, to- on that day the ltev. Tnomns Breowoed was swelomed to the poeterate of the Church hy the holding of a recognition tea and publi: meeting. In the afternoon at 4 o'olock, a service was held in the Ellenboroughetreet WV:aleyas Church, when there was a very good conegrgu tion. The Rev. W. Whole, ffiiate '. and there were likewrse pr-eeot the Rev-. 1' Rlrse'ooed, A Hutchieone, W. Brown, W. P. Brown, T. Jones, P. ,oberteon, J. Walher, and Ii. C;bean. Mr. Whale selected as his teaxt Acsis ii., and 4tbh-" And they were all filled wlth th, HoBly Ghost, and began to spe.k with ether tongues, an the spirit gave teem utTeraooe." The lee, gentleman dent, at mome leugth with him emujeot, and it proved to be an expository and p-aatisal sermon, much appreciated by all present. The sea was laid oct, in the Baptist Chorch, at half-paset 6 o'clook, on five large tables, which were heavily laden with all kiode ol eatables. One table was given by the senior girls' claess, and iwas presided over !y Mimee Ingram and Audersoa, while the other four were given by the nladies counecrled with the Church, The first was presided over by MRis. March and Miss Davey, the second by Mrs. Joseph Ivett and Mrs. Tilleley, the third by Misses M'Mardy and Charters, and the fourth by Misses L. M'Murdy and Parker. There was a very large and representative gatheroing, and two sittings had to be catered for before all the gaests were aooommodated. A public meeting was held in the churoh afterwards, at whisa there was a good attend ance, the building being comforeably filled. Mr. James Fooste oocopied the chair, and there were also on the platform the Reve. W. Whale, W. Pools, P. Roberteon, J. Walker, A. Motobieon,W. Brown, and T. Breewood. Tuoe proceedings were commenced by the singing of a hymn, and the Bee. T. Breewood engaging in prayer. The Caonttamt said that he was very happy to meet them that night As the programme to be gone through was a rather lengthy one, he did not intend to make a long speech. He expressed the hope that the connecriso botweem thepantor andtheChnroh woels be ef long dura tion, and that much good would be done now that they had come together as pastor and people. Mr, T. WOOLLEYr then formally weloomed the Rev. T. Breewood to the pastorate of theb Churoh. He said that to m ny of those who were present that evening th.re would be no neceeaity for him to state what be was about t', esay. but to a great many more. who were strangere th them as a Church and oongrega tion, there was perhaps a need for him to say a few words. They were probably awaRe that for a goou many months peas the Church had been without a pastor. Bo -ever, with the aid of their own local praeherae and aome breth:eo from Brisceoe and eits cipbhbourhood, services were oontineed. Under thase circumetanems, the work was carried on with a good degree of matibaetion for Baverel moouh0, iutil such time as they thought fi6t for seeking th eervices of a pastor. Toeir drst endeavour did not end eueonefully. Posatbly, it was q'tie right that it should be o0. Hewerv r, in looking round, the ciroumstamces seemed to indicate the Rev. T. Breewood am the moseet eligible moan. He was then aerring at Sandgate, but was wrab them that night. (Applause.) Of course, as t the tine they were coutrmplatting getting that gentloman, they had soarouly any hope that they wouid be souoessful. Mt.ll, they ktenly felt their need of a minseter, and they thought that quite possibly the fliends at Soudgate mnght be served by someone else, nuppoaisg that Mr. Breewood would consent to come to Ipsmich. They, therefore decided to give him a call, and, after some liatlo oorremp denc, both backwards and forwards, they were glad to receive a letter from him, sta iog that h had consented to accept their inwstation, to which they replied that they would be only too glad to receive him at the very earliest oppor tunity. Toe matter wmo thum settled, and the extremely gratifying meeting of that evening was for the purpose of acoordeng Mr. Breewood a publio weloome,which h* (lhe speaker) wounld like to say he thought had been done right nobly. (Applause.) The Chmrch could not ade. quatldy express their thanks to the friends and visitorm who had sasembled on that occanion. In conclusion, he was exceedingly p'eased to be able to extend the right hand of fellowship to their pastor. (Applause.) The Rev. T. Bssswooo, in reply, said that, after the very eolemn and affectionate weloome extended to him, he felt that be could not say very mauoh. When the invitation came to him, he was moved to aocept it, not beassee he was unhasppy, or that God was not blemsing the Churoh at Bandgate. There were seVeral rea gone why be had resolved to come to Ipswieh. One was that he had a great desire to escape I on the sea winds, on ameount of his wfeba failing health, and he and him wife rmquired muob better physical health than they had had at Sandgate and owmevilre. In coming to the Bap:ist Church at Ipswich, he had ome to a very warm-hearted and loving Church. Be had been so happy in Ipswich that he had not regretted leaviog one place to go to an other. He liked the town of Ipsawibch, the people of Ipswich. and also the ministers. (Appla-ne.) He liked the Church exceadingly well-the members and the deasons of the Chrchb, who were good and true men. (Hear, hear.) He apologimod for the shsene of the abseaee of the RoU T. Jones, W. P. Brown, and IV. Smith, the two former having been present at the tearmeeting, while the latter was spending a holiday owing to eickness. The tev.e W WaWaLe then gave the charge to the pastor in a very able and instruoe tive speeoh. He congratulated there, as a oongrenatiosn, on having secured the mer vices of Mr. Breewood, whom he had known in England. T'rhe Rev. W. POOLE gave the charge to the Chuich in a speech which was charaoterised by wise counsel. 0 D:ring his remarks, he orged them not to go to the services in a haphszard way, and also ti have faith in their pastor's teasohingr, and faith in th,.mselem. The Roe. P. RiBorTSoN spoke at some length, nod eaid that be woe very glad to welcome such a gentleman as Mr. Breewood t Ipenioh. The Rev. A. HorTourso also delivered an appreoiated addreess. Mr. Sa?toess proposed a vote of thsanke to the ladies who had prepared the tea, to the rbiaon ministere who had attended, and to the Chai- man. This woo secoeoed by Mr. DESama's, and carried by cclamatioe. iho CoUta?MN bri fly returned thanlrs, am -lid also the Roev. J. WALK?.s on behalf of the ministers. During the evening, the cho"; and rho erohes tra of the Cherch rendered neverol eleitno.n au an admnirable mauner, whlaoh added con aiderahly to the eajeyment of the esening, end theloir emde uouro in ois dereoIoa wero greutly appreciated by the audinoue. Mr. K. Ingram preside : at the irgie. The prenosucing of the boaedicion o0 eluded one of the mseet eucessfol tea meetings ever held under the auspices of the B'ptism Coaurch. 