GERMANTS RETENTION OF ALSACE-LORRAINE. I (Journal dm Débats.) Hie January cumber of the Swiss publica- tion, the Revue Universelle, contaics au important article by Edward Tallicbct. In this part of his paper Mr. Talliehet shows a spirit of thoughtful meditation, but in the second part with great boldness and origi- nality ; for in Iiis discussions of thc probable causes of war he breaks wholly with thc conventional commonplaces of their treatment for the past twenty years. Wc know how the wonderful spite of our conquerors and the surprising triumph of their diplomacy has succeeded in making of France the ghost at the peaceful banquet of thc nations ot Europe who alone was likely to disturb its quiet. Withoutusand ourinsatiable ambition Europe would constkutcaveritable Arcadia; she would enjoy perfect repose; letters and thc arts would nourish in the midst of prosperous in- dustries and successful commerce, without danger to that profound peace-Prussian peace- which would take thc place of thc ancient peace of the Roman Empire. Thc trouble is that France does not recover from her mutilating wounds. Thu detached pro- vinces remain French as before. They neither forget nor arc consoled. Twenty years of harsh administration have not rendered them TeutonB. Hence leagues, alliances, cannon and immense armaments, which, under pre- tence of securing peace, have so changed all the means and conditions of conflict that no one can form any reasonable conception of what would take place when once there should lift itself above the horizon thc bloody dawn of thc day destined for thc inevitable onset of battle. If the public opinion of-Eurone in its docility has placed thc responsibility of this condition of things upon France, Mr. Tallicbct docs not hesitate to place it elsewhere-upon those who seized Alsace and Lorraine and hold them by brute force. Even German writers have raised thc question whether the solution did not lie herc. Mr. Tal liehet, with a firmness, bold- ness and independence remarkable, demands afresh the reason for the seizure, first of all of thc provinces and now for their detention. To the reason of national sentiment and of national security he replies that thc sentiment is a false one, thc security even more treache- rous. The experience of Germany has proved that it ÍB impossible to retrace indefinitely the ages and to reconstruct edifices which time hos not only cast into ruins but entirely remodelled. The political world does not respond to the political sentiments of the times before thc French Revolution. The sentiment to which Germany appeals is u century too late upon which to build solidly contemporary history. Is it in uuy sense true that even the military security of Germany depends upon lite possessio!! of the two pro- vinces ! Such has been tho opinion. It is an entire deception. Count Von Moltke thought the possession of Metz equivalent to that of 100,000 men. For Irom it. The possession of Metz, on the contrary, compelled holding several hundred thousand men in reserve. Thc same is true of Alsace. It is a dis- tinct draft upon thc forces of Germany instead of adding to them. As to the question of security, compare the condition of things for the German Empire if Alsace and Lorraine were still French. There would then from no quarter bc a dauger to its security ; and both its power and its influence would dc in no respect less in Europe. France, says Mr. Tallicbct, might lose ell remembrance of 1870 if Alsace- Lorraine did not keep olive its memories. One may well ask if Germany hus derived from their con- quest the slightest advantage or goiu to its own power. So for from it she has paid, cveu in any estimate of her own ns to their worth, fur more than their value by thc sacrifice of every kind their possession lins caused thc enormous increase of her military bud- get, thc increased insecurity of thc future ami tho still inure incalculable sacri- fices should war ut last bocoino necessary for their retention. Thc restnration of thc provinces, with whatever conditions and com- pensations, muy Beelu too improbable for dis- cussion, and yet ideas equally iinproliable have at lott lealinod themselves in history. If this idea bu fouuded in jiiBtice it muy be trusted to make a way for itself. The critical situation becomes more untenable every year. Germany will yet bo compelled to confess that Alsace Lorraine is not only ti constant daugor and menace in itself, but still more an obstacle to its own development and prosperity. Then she will bc prepared and disposed to search for a path through which to escape from this source of national weakness, «ad may God grant that she may bc in time. 