EXHIBITION; THEATRE. HAMLET. . MHo production of " Hamlet" at the Exhi bition Theatre last evening by 'Mr Alfred Dampier and his excelleut company was of thrilling interest, and the delighted audience evidenced its appreciation of the mauner in which the.,.masterpiece" of Shakespeare's genius -was presented. Special praise must be given to the scenic artist and stage mechanist for the reilly admirable way iu which the tragedy was mounted. The . whole surroundings were in just keeping, "and the correctness of detail regarded from au archaeological point of view, reflected great credit upon the management. Mr Dampier's Hamlet is a study in itself, and when once seen must necessarily impress one with its artistic beauty and finish. There is no ranting, no undue or hasty declamation. Uothing could have been finer than his read ing of the great soliloquy " To be or not to be." JSere the pent-up passion of the Piince hitherto fettered on by necessary caution, I. breaks forth ; and what a powerful utensity of dramatic force was reached when he pro nounced the words " The play: the play's the thing, wherein I'll catcli tlie conscience of the King! " Many readings of Jlr Dam pier's are' distinctly original, and serve to reveal new hidden beauty, and many touches of human nature are added, notably, the close of the burial of Ophdia. Many of the audi ence were visibly moved by this really touch ing scene. To any student of Shakespeare such a performance must be of useful and advantageous instruction, and the audience was not slow to recognise its artistic merit. Miss Rose Dampier was most charming and graceful" as Ophelia; aud may lay claim "to, a powerful and chaste reading ui lue part, in tne mad scene sbe was parti cularly good. ...This young artist possessesja pleasing soprano voice, heard to advantage in those sad snatches of qnaint old melody." Mr Holloway is most excellent as the Ghost, his sonorous voice helping the solemnity and dignity of the part. As Claudius Mr Vernon must: he highly complimented, more especi ally on his reading of the prayer, and his Queen; Gertrude, wis gracefully play ed, and most tastefully' dressed, by . Miss Julia Merton. Polouius; as played by Mr. Martin, was a . most worth performance,full . of character and depth, and his advico to IiUertes was given in a highly finished manner.' Mr Rolfe is a maaly andnoble Laertes, play ing with force," and with care and diligent study this young artist- gives premise of. a good future. In the part of the Gravedigger Mr Redo 'is : seen to ;> great - advantage. The make up > mid1 the unctious manner iu* which tho rich old lines were delivered' entitle the actor to considerable praise as a Siiakespearian ' comedian. Mr Harford is earnest as Horatioj and'Mr Tasman plays with evident care- as, Rosencrantz; The orchestra played some" excellent music, and the death of Hamlet'brought toaclose a very fine performance of the irreat ' tnigedy.- To night, which is tho last night" of the present companvyis devoted to'thafc startling" drama, "Wilful Murder, or tho late Windsor tragedy.. The piece was produced in Melbourne,' -; and ran for six weeks. -All tho sensational inci dents of the tragedy which so lately absorbed the attention of the whole of Austmlia, are introduced,' from the murder on the hearth stone to the ultimate capture of the murderer. . The whole of the scenery, specially painted , in Melbourne for" the' production, will be 1 used?iind'Mr Rose promises Mr Dampier's i many jiatroiis u dramatic treat. I 