CIIAPTEI. XXXVI. MIR. LrEICESTERs pursued his way after what he had heard, sorely perplexed in spirit. All along he had felt sure that there was fraud in Vera's possession of . filverstone, but he could see no way to prove his suspicions. He knew enough of Betty Bird to be sure that if he approached the subject with her and accused her of having spoken as she did she would deny it outright. Not very long before all the changes that had. taken place at, Milverstoue, and while Betty'was in the depths of poverty, he had heard Mrs. Deacon 'lecturing her for using her tongue too~freely. It was about a trifling matter, and Betty had declared ii the most penitent manner that she did not know any thing about it'- that she had been drunk when she "said the offending words, and nothing had been farther from her mind than to give offence Were he to accuse her of having spoken as she did and demand to know what.she meant, she would be ready with the.same excuse, and be on her guard for the future, He must watch-watch both her and 'the new owners of Milverstone. There, was more to come of Vera's successful claim,, he, was sure, than had already appeared.: He was on his way to Raybrook when he accidentally came "upon Neville Delamere and the old worian. He liad fancied 'therd was a slight change in the poor squire of late, and he longed to propose a remedy which his skill told him '?would be efficacious. He, had mentioned it at first'.iwhen' the other doctors were, summoned from London, but the great men had' pooh- poohed his suggestion and rather treated him as if'hbe were an inexperienced beginer. ;He had felt annoyed, but he had not liked to press the point, which, after all was un certain. ' Now he felt, a little differenitly, -Mri, Blennerbasset had learned 'to like-him and trust him, and he had been a great aidto her in her lonelhness. He helped to cheer her more than she had ever thought' anyone could, and always bade her hope for the best. He would not allow that the squire'would not get better, it was quite' possible" that his senses would return and that he would get about. . She tried to believe him, but she had come to be in a certain 'way content with her lot, and to thinkihat the silentfigure on ihe bed would be all she would 'ever have again:of the husband who had loved her. so vwell. It would have been almost better if he had been killed outtight, she sometimes thought, till Belton' Leicesteir, with his cheery words and frank, hope.inspiring face, bade her, put away such dismal thoughts and look forward 'to a brighter future."' ." She met limi,on this day with a teaiful face-she Was generally calm-and he won dered at her agitated look and her broken speech. ' What has hap~pened ?' he asked, softly. 'Nothing seriotus, I hope.' ' I don't know-perhaps nothing, but he-is different, Mr: Leicester. -He seems to look about him as ifhbe was: wondering.' If ahb were not deceiving berself it was a great step in the -right direction, -but he feared she mtiust 'be mistaken; 'Shall I go up to him ?'I he nasked.' SHe is'asleep, now orI should not be down she replied. :' They are to call me the minute he opens his-eye?'.:- ' . lMrs. Blenireir?sset had a trussy:ti'urse sl'oE attended on the invalid, doing.everything for. him with the assistance of his ow;n man;,whbo had grown-giey in 'the: Rabrool service anid' would not leave his master, and, she was obliged to confess that thh twio between them did tar better than if she. had done ,whatat first she would have liked to do and' attend on her helpless husband herself;: She looklted at Belton Leicester with critical eyes as he sat oppposite to her;on.the sofa..: *Are you ill, Mr. Leicester ?i she asked.,' ' No.' Troiubled about something then ?': 'You. have, quick eyes,' heI: said, with a, smile.,- :-ies I:am'. troubled more,than I can tell.' , ' What about?.Ahb: forgive:nime, Perhaps that is a question I should not-l?ut. .:I it is about any;of: your villagework can I not help you ? . - € : " ..; .-: : :, . , .,., . ? ' It has nothingtloido withimy worki, lEsr. Blennerhasset,. the young mail replied, 'and Idon't see that, anyone: can help me, for-I. have, nothirg, tangible'yet to go upon. -It is only, my;old belief roused again that' there has been afraud irin allthis wicked business.:. : ,I am certain of it, tihe.lady isaid,,warmly; 'I always-have'been, but how or where I can not imagine; 'The lawyers, sayiit is all :right -even, Mr. ,;VYenables--and they bught to know.' ' :: , SSo:theyo.ught; but if there is any justice in Heaven, and,I think ':there is, wesishall see some timethat they have all been. mistaken, I can talk td: youiabout it without being thought,,a madmai.-' I 'verily believe that M-rs. Deacon .thieiks'I am a monomadiac' on the point, . She always smiles.with'supreme pity or contempt, Iam not quite sure which, whenevei I broach, the subject to'her.-?, '*What have you, heard ?:: What: have you found ,sut?'i asked ,Mrs;..,: Blenherhasset, eagerly. : :'Have you noyr:news of her ?' 'No. :iWould; to Heaven Ihad; hut I don't despair. ,V,'hat: I: heard: to-day was from a very,unreliable source, but:I 'believe from my, soul it was true. :I Iheard tshat :old vixen; Betty Bird, tell your; nephew that a word from her, could take: Milverstone away from him.' ' Betty Bird,?.:.- : 'Yes.' ..". . . ha :o xf'-a :s m . ',I always thought that womhan had snome thintg to;do with Vera iversr What can it be '. . ': -: .: I.did- not hsear. She, whispered it.into his ear,anid -it took all the1colour out of hisi face. Mlr. Delamere of Milverstone is not a happy man, I am .sure.; . 'Idori't believe he is,':tlre good lady said' with tears in her' eyes,.' 'I sam sorry, for al that has come and gone, and I miss-t le. lad in spite of his wickedness, "Hd is my dead sister's son, anid-:I 'promised- her he shonld be as ..a .son to me. So he:.was till this woman came between:us,' ' 'She is a bad woniman, Mrs: Blennethasset. She would come betrween.any two people who loved each other, a:nd thrust them apart to servehero.wn ends. She would not stop at murder'td attain any object.' 'Murder ? Oh i Mr. Leicester.' 'I am talking in a safe place,' he said, smil ing, 'or.I should not make such an assertion, I belieire tlhe'da will;come when I-'shall be asked to make it in public. You remember the girl wioss plce she took in tihe' house yoinde before she claiim'ed to be its mistress ?' ' \Wilson ?;Y-es,, A very good mnaid'slhe was in her quiet way. I got her a situation when she left Milvserst?one. ' She was as eairly ienn out of the w~eld b,; poison as was'com'patible with the safety of the person who wanted to get rid of her.' 'oison Do 'you mean to say thtat that woman wanted to murder her, Mr. Leicester ?' 'Nd I don't think she did, but she wanted her place, and she knew what would make her ill. I know wlhat she bought for the pur pose and. where she bought it, and something else too that I have an idea she found use ful. D)id you ever see those letters, Mrs. Blennerhiseact ?' 'The ones she found ? 'Yes.' 'No but I heard enough about them. I remember something about them years ago, when we had little notion what was in them. Sir Darcie was in an awful way about somie thing no one kne;v what.' ' I beliede the whole thing will turn oit to be an imposition, and thatsome day we shall see the right ownier back,' ' Heaven girant we may. I believe it would bring my poor old man babk to life, th6ugh he doesn't know anything about yit yet. Wasn't it str?nge that the aceident ahould happen the very night of all the fuss ? It seemed as if it wasto be. I believe hgwduld know about it if anyone did. : 'Imust get at Betty, Birds antecedents,' Belton Leicester said. 'This much Iknow: she' was not alwaysthe wretched creature she has seemedhere. She was an actress and'ac: quainted with Mrs. Delamere's parents.' . ' And she's keeping some wicked secretfor her,' the squire's wife said, excitedly, .' That's it, Mr. Lhicester"; she must blie made to speak.' ;'I am afraid that would be a difficult mat ter if she did not' choose.'" Driunken, people are always the mnst difficult to deal with,' they can lay everything to' the s'core of their failing. They can deny evdrything point blank, as I have no doubt she' will when thie time comes to question her.' .. .-'.Oh, why did that poor child run away?' Mrs Blennerhasset said, with tears in her eyes. i'lWhly'id she not stay and let us take care of her ? She should have been a, dear daughter to me, and something better still to you I am thinking. Ab, you needn'i look at me like that; we old women have eyes, Mr. Leicesteir, arid I have read your secret this many a day.' 'I seem to have carried myheart upon my sleeve,' he returned, sadly, ' and Heaven knows I did not mean to. 1 do love her, and now that there is little chance of my ever seeing her again I don't mind- confessing it.' 'But you 'will' see her.again, she will be found some day,'and if she 'is and says you nay when you ask tec, he 'vont be the Nellie I take her for.' ' I shall never ask lher, madame.': 'Not if we find her and she is. willing, as she will be ? She liked you even while she was blinded by that wicked nephew of mine. Ydtir sheltering arms would be a havein of rest for h'er, poorchild. 'And you lbve aier.' ' As I love my life.'. ' I don't think I quite understand you. Why waould you ndt ask her? She is friendless and alone. Is that it?' i That would be the first reasonfor trying to win her.. IHow can.. ask her to marry me, knowing as I do, feeling sure that some day she will come to her own again ? It will look asif I traded on my belief. I will do all. I can to help her and bring her back, and it will be done, and then- ' 'And then what?' - ' . ...: '. I will turn my back ulpon En'gland forever, thankful to know that she is happy;and at rest.' ' It strikes me we are both talking non sense,'. Mrs. Bleanerhasset said, smiling, though the tears were in her eyes; .' We.had better go upstairs I think. Ah,'here is nurse. Is he awake, nurse ?' .'Yes, ma'am.' They went up to the pleasant room where the squire lay. It 'was airy aid comfortable aind in summer had been a very bower of flowers and gireenery. ' He loves flowers so,' Mrse. Blennerlasset had said'when Mrs. Deacon 'expressed' her surprise at the trouble 'aklen for one whoa.p parently could neithe see 'nodr" hear. ' And though he's lying:there so still I don't kaow that he doesn't see and smell them.'" So' the flowers held their placeall through the bright weather, and now. they he'd given 'place tosall sorts of comforts that the squire had been lised to. The room was arranged just as if hIe were going to get up and occupy the easy chair that stood ini·itihgly by the fire,: and his dressing gown hung where it could be ''eached at a ininute's notice. 'His eyes were wide 'opein as' the young doctor and his wife entered the room, and it 'really seemed to Belton Leicester as if there was somne little 'seculation in tliem. They ~re not so b.glassy as.they hbad ben and they' moved slightly, following them about the room as it seemed. . i Is it gopd or bad ?' asked Mrs. Blennerhas-. set, i'i a .wbisper. ,. Good, I hope,' was the reassuring reply, and Mr. Leicester; as he bent over the still figure on the bed, felt sure that he was right'in his idea and thit the squire 'riiglit be cldre'd. , : : CHAPTER XXXII. ! WILL you trust :meI dear lady?' was ::the' question put by' Belton Leicester. to Mrs: lBlennerhasset, after:a careful iispectibon of hbtr h'uslband's state. :,:. " : . ': i !Thait I will,' was thelhearty reply... ', But what I wish to do'nay fail, I don't helieve'it will, butit may, '.nd then ' ' And then I shall know thatwhat; was done was for the best,' she said'holdiiig' out hbe~r, hand 'coidially. ',Mr,' Le.icester, :I. kn'ow you would restore my poor old man- if :you could, if it cost you your righ-lt hand, i' I think I wouild it' :it .dcost me my life,' wa?s the grave answer, 'but I have good hope. that it will be at no sticl sacrifice. I am sure- that;he cat bh:cured. .I don't say that hbe.will everrbe tIe bright, hearty gintleman everyone .iemembered him, but you, may have many years of peaceful life together.' -' Don'itsay it--don't make me hope yet,' the poor lady said, with tears. 'Mr. Leicester, I could not l~ear tlhe disappoint meiit-tse gfief- if---, . :; We shall not have any,' he sai'd, gently, in a 'firm voice.- 'It shall be a certainty; with' Heavien's help,' and then he ltook her hand and thoroughly expllained to her what lie wished to do.' She :did:not understand tlie".'technical terms of cburse,'but sheocom-' prehcided all that was meant. The bopera tion proposed would be a 'risk, If it tailed to rehleve what Mr."Leicester declared to -be only pressure on a vital part of the brain, the squire 'would never regain unconsciousness as long is.helived. If.it succeeded, as he hoped and believed it would, there would he ari annendment,'and in due timena coinplete recovery of reasos and s"peech, pirovided ino exciteie nt.or anxiety were allowed to inter rupt him.''-.'.' ... , ::: - ' You w'ilFl' do it yourseilf?' Mrs. Blennei;' hasset said, iri, a trembliig voice,', . Yodu willl no triust it to anyone else ?:: ,' I had belter not promise.'tha't;' he said, grawvely. i I arm. but a tyro coid mpared to half a ddzeene'ieiio'I'uld hinme, SiMMacrc ? Juidd for instance.' s . , :Sir Marcus Judd wias one of the doctors they hliad sumnioned frbin 'on ilbii at h'te time bf the ac'cidernt. He was one of the, first surgeons of ,th'e da?y, and ,he had negatived the proposal of thsei illage doctor, to:operate' of: the equire with :a. covert, scorn that wounded Mr; Leicester'greatly. ' I can't bear' to thiihl of the way that nian' treated :you. ' I sar it evne int:he inidst of my grief. He sieered at you as if you were a boy.' . . ' .' . ' ' 'So: I am -in'experience compared with him, I dorsot think he would sneer at the proposal now, and there is not a man in the profession with a surer hand or quicker eye. You had better send for him and hear what hlie says.' Mrs. Blennerhasset hesitated. She did not want Sir Marcus Judd, she said, but Mr. Leicester was firm. Without'the' sanction and assistance of the great London surgeon he would not undertake the operation. He had small fear of opposition now. The Symptoms that had developed themselves warranted immediate measures. So Sir Marcas Judd was telegraphed for, and came .with.what speed he might, and they awaited his verdict with such impatience as those. only know who have watched and wept'by theside bf all they hold most dear on earth,.' But they need.not have feared. The clevcr face had no shade on it when Sir Miacus camie td them and told them that Mr. Leicester.was right, and-there was room for:hope that an operation would be attended with success. Very gracefully he made his apologie. 'for his. difference of opinion: on that fortisr occiasion. 'You .had the clearer perceptiop,. Mr, Leicester,' he said,..in a cordial fashion that ' ivas orth a ,whole; .lifetime of' fees, the "young doctor declared aft.rwtirds to' his friends. :' You ; were riglit.abodlt the opieration; though. it might hasve bee'n premoature to perform it, ekactly, when you proposed ' • " :.r I have no doubt it would,' wai thbe ready, reply ' MIr. Blennerhasset was scarcely able to bearit tihe, Wi'ill, you fi.x a time,,Sir Mahiis, and alloi me the pleasure' of meeting youi when it is perfoiriied?' :,. ' I shall fiot perform it, Mr Licestier.' 'Not undertake it, St Marcus ? Why.' i 'Because ybu have a steady. hand ,and a cool head. It is your right--you proposed it, and. I anh ee in Mrs.. Blennerhasset's, eyes thta she would like it.. I will be here with 'pleasure if I can be of any use. ' Oh, ifyoiu please,' the squire's wife said; ' and you were. right, Sir Marcus, in' thinking that I should like Mi. Leicester to do it-no offence.to you-but.no one but me knows what he has been to me in all this dreadful time, and I think my husband, if lie could speak or know anything. abput it, would like it too.' The tears were in her eyes i.s she ·spoke. She uvas:infeigndly'glad: that the great' mni had done Beltoo. Leicester the justice that was his diue, and ;delighited to thinki that his hand and'noine otbther iould attempt the ':tiperation that was to enid their csspense one,?ay or the other. Machue Sir: Marcus"iwent away afteifixing; a time for' his return uniless any unfaivourable s)yinm tornm 'should intervene, in which caue they were:to"telegrhaph to him and arrange aniother day, He walked to the station arm in arm with the village dbctor. Perhaps he was a little consious' that:he underrated Mr. '-Leicester's powers when he was at Springfield before,: and had spoken somewhat 'lightitigly of his opinion as regarded the squire. :Anyway he made up for it by his :marked attention and friendliness, He was not a had-hearted man, only somewhat choleric and hasty, arid he felt that he had dne. an in justicetthat might be mischievbus. SAll Springfield saw him and Mr..Leicester together, and immediately forgot what they had heard about the squire, and 'the difference of opinion ibout' hirm.. : Somehow-no one Iknew exaictly how-the news of what was going to be done got abrdad in the place, and Beliton 'Leicester was:beset by eager inquirers. Was it really true.that Mr. fBleeneerbasset would getr well again? heI was cisked don tillI sides', and he answered yes;. with Heaven's help be believed he would. SThe news was received'.ith delight by all except the mister an.'ed istress of Milver stone What reason Veia'D:Dlamere bad .to dread the recdvery. of'ite squiredslie 1est kneiv, but she did 'dread it w?ith ia ':fear that sent:the'blood fromin her face w:hien;she? hdair?itrasndmrade he'r heart le~P with an undefined terror'that was 'almsi r lilke death;' 'I don't wish any harm ib lii??' sh .said, after a few mnihutes, during which shie -hid 'somewbat recovered hirself, ' btiut I hope you may be 'mistakei he . do? ' 'Why?. What can: ;he dc ? iiaired Neiville, to whtii she had been sp'eagkin?.: ' d:Idn't kno'T. 'Tilit's juist"it, ~i'is tahe beirg in 'the dark t'ihat is s0 dreliil :. 'Yoiur aunt'hasaliway's affrimed thath'e keti~i 'am? thing about those letters. I thinlkI':a seet' her at defiance tire e unless the recovery is sbmething miniraculbusj '' ' SMr. "aiid Mrs2 D'lameiere' were rnh6 very good terms when the'fo'i'er'brodglh't 'home the'news of:the: hop' of- ih'e" s?iuire's resitore tion.. :'Therie had, been" a qu"iar'el of such fierceness: between them -.that the' servanta had been alarmed, and.feared that soinething nimdre than mere:words, would come "otut of' the angry recrimination - that was going'. on in Mrs..Delamere's morning room. No one' 'I:new wiat the cause was exactly, -but tliere wiaesnouglb heard to let the household know thait old :,Betty Bird had .something. to do with is, and'that their master waias ::accusing itheir mistress of keeping a secret from him. . Both of them passionate and aniything.bdt: reticent .wheno:their tempers c.were aroused, they said a-great.deal:more thanithey' ivould have:cared for their.servants to hear inttlheir anger, and Vera iwas excessively ;provoked ivith hebreself for having been.so foolish as to: ' We must. make; the! best; of t'e know ledge,' she said to her htisband. : 1.Fcbuld not have acted differently. . . ' You could have told me; you'kuew :it before-n-before-----' . . : ; .- . :'Before our wedding day,!'Igrantyofu, but oonly the day before-would any. woman sin niy position have risked all bhe held.'dei:lin the world by malking such an assertion ?i' :' Some women viould.' ?, ! i":,:,' SWas he thinking of;Nellie as ie spoke Nellie, who would haae risked: all for the righ't no inatter at whst cost to .berself, anod. comiparii g lier with the wife 'who:had given him what had been his: aim-Milverstone rand its revenues?... :,Tlhere bad been times since his narriagewith the, proud, .scornful woman who :had taken Nellie's place when he wiild have giien' his life .almost to be. free. .Hie was not' so in fatuatedi nbr. So ·.blind as not to: sei'-the esteemnin,which he was held by evefybody, and- to be. galled beyond measure at the cdldness of those whom he had called his friends :.before' his:: dastardly rejectiori of Nellie in her:distress.: : :. But he: was fasciinat'ed by the woman. who heldbhim:in boldhage;, diarawvn tio'he lie:h could hardly tell hob'ir, as wicked woiman have the power of" drasinig n: mn,-till he was'' as helpless is her hands as:ever was bjrd under the fascination' if a .nalke.: His' beautiful wife could do what': sihe chose with hini,' 'and now that bh was·lh t sh 'rer''otf the secrei which Betty Biid :had'told- n tlsie day be'fore shs joined hih' in London :h~ e ias more' tihan ever hertool and slavie.'.::" "' "' '' I am not oneof thetroiii~ivomen,Neville,' she said tolhini; putting herars is riound' his neck--she .viell knewhob? todi ial?aiWili hini, Dulilah thiat sh'e wa's:"l'eioe: my love. is concerneid I?am: the Weakestrcreature'ilive I could not iisk lbsing:yotu."';'::. ,'" , SYou shoulddhive told nit,"mny"juee'," he said in. his falsenoess, knowing very well that if .she had it woildd have put an end to 'their marriage. 'I could hiave helped.you to keep the secret :then as well as now.': 'I chose to make sure- of:you,' was the prbud retort, 'your interests once mine there was less probability of yoar doing mischief in the future. We must make cuommon cause now, Neville,' There was the shadow of that knowledge whatever it was between them now when the news came ot the hope that was dawning at Raybrook, and it fell on them both with a cold chill. ""I don't'believe it,' had been Vera's first re ceptioi? of the tidingsg' won't' would have beelln the truer word to use. '"" I "'.ido,' her' hisband replied. ' Sir Marcus Judd says it, and his opinion is not to be des pised.: Thekie is just a chance that the rilly ing may.be death.' ' : Mrs; Delamere did not say in' words ' I wish it 'm'ay,' but she did 'irish it :as ?womai never wished anything before.", To her the death of 'li:he :sqire would 'havf' been the pleasantest, news that anyone could have biought her;:,': But Mr. Blennerhasset was'not to die.; At the time.apppinted Sir Marcus Judd arrived frorm Icolo;n, and:all Springfield was on 'tip t6o' ith expectaiion and hope. , \What'the nature of the opertion w's very few lpeoleknew, the popular belief inclining to the opinion that the squire was going to hiw.e' his lsead thlen'off and.put on again 'or something equally absurd . - .: " Whatever it was'it'seemed av:ery simple affair to the anxious hearts waiting for:the re sult--there was no display of.terrible instru ments orpreparations; and yet the work to be done wsi almost the most critical bperation ever.performed in surgery. ... . SSir Marciis-broUght an assistant down with him, arid the two vith Belitn"Leicester, who was veiy: pile.but self-possessed, 'sht' them selves up.in'ithe sick room after hiving'asked for all they wanted. The time'wvas not long, though it seemed lilke weary bours to the watchers,' before the door :softly opened and Sir Marcuo- Judd came to where Mrs Biennerbasset: was: sitting with Mrs. Deacon who had come to be with her in the time of aixiety and trial. The rector's wife,' with all her hardness, was akind and gentle friend intime of trouble, and she sas supporting the almost 'fainting wife as she watched and "waited -for' the tidings of failuire-or success : :: There was no gloom on the fade of the famous surgeon as he tookl her cold hand. ' All is'well,l he said; softly.: ' ' ,! W ell ?' ; : . ' ? ". . .: ' ?Yes;:the operaiion is over, and happily: Your husband will-live, please. God; Mrs: Blennerhasset( and be himself againri. Mr. Leicester has saved his life and reason for you' ' : :' She started up as to make her:way to the room where he-lay, but thepent-up agitation bfthe' weary waiting overpowered her-asnd she sank back fainting ins Mrs.:::Deacon's 'mA very,good thing,' Sir Marcus said;, as be helped tolay her oh the couch. -' Let her alone, my dear madame, she will 'reviie' soon: 'Itis of vital importance that: there should be no agitation yonder,. He!will do very well if he be kept quiet, and: I 'would rather they did not meet yet. I-Ie has asked' a question already--he is quite unconsdious fianything that has hap?iened while he has beeh:ill-?I have charged Mr. Leicester to satisfy him if possible.': " ' What is it? Is it anything any of us can do? 'I amI not sure ;itis about the poor girt wvhowas driven away from here--Miss Rivers h-ehdwants her.' SIt! was all true'; tlie;squire's reason had come back to hlm, feebly endugh but surely, aindhis 'first:intelligible word fainlyv-spoken and born of what wandering faticy Heaven'ri only knowis,. had been the name 'of Nellie Rivers. , ' here is Nellie ?' he 'asked". I wIRait h er.',: ,'t i:."' ::'" .':? b ?,, ., .??! And saying .it he drbpped- into' the sleep" that was'to help bring him back to life. CHiAiPTER xXXVIiI.' Lisi nas not altogether sad to NeIlie in .herI :new position, she mnight have doheismuch: :wors?'etban have accepte:d: the position of, dre:sser: to Amy Darlingtori. 'Tie actr~' ss wa aati amitable.girl and: nei/er in ,asy,way y inade her new atten'dant feel 'iar 'poition, arid indeed "when they 'were alonie she tri'atedNellie :more like a: friend :thn ,a, .servant,...In spite of the iignoraniice of heri dew dirsser about all stage matters her mis dtress:declired she had never been'i so well so'carefully diresedanid she was nevr tired of singing Nellie's praises t:o aill :ho 'vould listeni to sheim SEirifybody about the tiheatfe whbo came in contact :vith "L iss' Smith " thought her a superior:girl anbd i oidered a little perhafps that she dwas in ino better position. Btit thereis isihruidh baisin'ess'to lbe' dbne behinid ihe :scnens :'of'a. ti? aire in 'fuill. orkiig 'swing 'dat 'ji'olle 'li ?ea otino tich tiime to devote to any but tiheir 'oin concerns. !.Tbe, straitlaced :iolk who preach ?abotit a 2'tlti're Ieing' a pl'ace bf ssitiful pleasutre,: tiid liken it'to a pandenioniim by r asond of the wiick'dniess whichik defi' on behind the scees and in 'the"; greetl rooms;, have very little 'idea: ;howiaidrd ithework of a well-regus iated teieatie is; ar lhow little tiime?-for any thing but the biusiness ofi: the stigs :there is at the comaniarid'0 of everybody , .' ". i Miss: Dailington's dresser wasi known by sight to "inmbst of the'. fficials about: the 'Wellington,' hutt w'6ho shi' was and .what b'ecam'eof bei'rout of business hoeuri os one see'tied" to kenow. She' came, and. went qisietiy,' sometimes'" uindei' 'the dconvoy. of Dan;O'Cailla'ghan, sometiies alorde, and, "ais thle stage":' 'imahager: c'ilrh'aiically .declared aneit 'something'i that h.id gone ',wrong thirough the agency of a woman's tongue, .kiew Isow :to keep heiseif 'to h erslf asid mind her own buiisiness : . . "i She heard .a godde dehl' abost, what was going.oilin the' world tfiroughl her: a?ssocia-: tion with the kind:hdarted actress. Miss, 'Darlington kinei, o6f heri friends (df"those whom she had." clled her.friends in the happy' days),:if 'sh did not know their per sosally,'and Nellie heard' many a bit of news thirough g the daily gosiip tht: went on, abdui the'attractivde atres. ' - She heard;thlaththe poor squire was; still ill,; and thatl Nivilie& arid his wife were not in good odour, and she saw them:one night when the theatre was visited, by:royalty anid Miss Darliigton bade her looki through.a rconvenient spy-hole, and see the ever-popular princess and her:sons. She saw: them, and not.far off.on the same tier sat her recreant loer. T'hey: were :in a:box.bylthemselves, and Vera's beauty and the blaze? -of ;her jeivels, attracted ::the attention ofn meily;all the house.; She was magnificently dressed; and:;wore the triumpbant look on her fade. that. alwvays. niade "it look 'so hard.. and. disagreeaible:' Neville looked pale'aird seemed 'distrait. at least Nellie'.thought so. Involuhtarily she compared him with'the other man .wh6.' shd was ,.ure, loved: !her; ithough: he had never said so, and she asked herself how site couldlfave been' so blind, as not. tto 'hav seen ,hbow borthless~ Verals,; husband 'was befirt he tlhrew her off like a castaway glove. She hiad ,only known,,Belton Leicester a very' little while, but s,.he; had divined, his secret, ai;d' ,nbw th-at the meanness of Neiville Delai~erdse : character was exposed she woridered, at Iherself and her blindness in trusting sucli a man .ivith her life's happi ness. As she looked at his listless, joyless face as be stood by his wife in the box and gazed round the theatre with no sign of \- interest, she almost thought liher liberty well purchased, even at the cost of home and position. 'I would not change places with her now,' she said to herself, as a hand was laid on her shoulder, and she turned to see Miss Dar lington by her side, : Well, have )oti, gazed your. fiil ?'. she asked,: kindly..' Does not the princess look nice ? 'I think 'I will have my hair done like that'tolmorro?w 'Did you notice it ?' .Nellie had noticed nothing about the royal lady since the, first glance 'and she turned a very white lace to her mistress. ' What have you seen, child ?' she asked, ' ou look as if it were a ghost you had been looking at instead of a princess.' ,'S6 it was,' she said, in a low tone, The ghost of my dead self.' The actress applied her eye to the' hole and saw Mr. and MrsDelamere. She'knew him by sight, but not-his wife. ""'H'm, she remarked. 'It was'a pityyou looked.. Is that the woman ?' Yes.' "A b'id womian, mly dear-you will fisd it out some day. .Do you know I have a tnotion' itlt things will right themi selves sonie time, and.thernit will be found she has no right to MilG'erstone?' i':?':. .,' Ah,: nio,' Nelliesaitd, shaking; herisead. 'It is all'to clear the fraud was toopalpable, so many. peple kanow of it. She might have behaved.a' little differently I t:Lried to ;:be' kind:to her;! but lbear her no inmalic'e:.l :.' ' Sle is puinish'ed dlready''that's 'one com-: fort;' Miss" Dirlington said as,they went off, to he~r 'dress'ing-room for a'fiisal look 'at the 'glass and' sundr;y .delicate touchesfsfor .her next appearance ':before the au'dience.;'! ' 1i don't believe she's a hapipy ?'oman, and I ram ,sure he is anything but comfortable. Everybody Cuts them . . She had kept her promise to Nellie and had not betrayed her knowledge of 'her .td aiyodie, thbugh she,was sorely tempted to do so sometiines: in writing to her ,friends. Through her Nellie ,obtairied tidiigs of 'her. aunt, or rather the lad'y she had always called' so,':arid who liad proved herself a' true. 'friend in the time of trouble;,in.spite of 'her crustiness and her inclination to meddle in: thle Milverstdo'e affaii s ' rs. Lady Rivers had consented' to Millie's marriage with a gentleman in business. ' His, wealth was great, but his family were of tle' obscurest, and her ladyship, who was the daughter of a lawyer herself and cohsequeritly at liberty to consider herself of the aristocra-. tic orders, had declared that the family' dignity would be compromised by such a match. 'Her husband; had scouted the notion of inferiority from the first.and laughed 'at his wife's notions. 'They could not .live upon' digniiy, Ihe said,, asd if Millie loved. Mr. Hamilton he could see no reason why' she should not marry him.' He was a good fellosw isd well educated, a man who had' made the most of his Chances and was likely to rise further yet. ' Lady Rivers'suffered herself to hbe per suaded, and rather liked the bppoitunity the affair offered her to weavea little romance of the love phase of it, and to tell ber friends that' tley really couldl not go i against their darling child's inclioatioo, and all the rest of the claptrap common to, such occasions. Pebople laughed at her:and knew very, well that the impecunious baronet was' glad of such a chance for his daughter, and' most young ladies ;envied Millie in- their' hearts her husband in the future andher magnifi cent setteiarent in the present... i Nellie sdas'heartily glad'to'hear of Millie's good foaliioU'e, and' still more to. know tba. they ,had found a:suitable'wife for Darcie. , ' They wanted hiin to marry me, 'she told Miss Dar!ington one night during.the pro gress of the toilette. '.I.am thankful'now for his sake that be did nor; poor .boy. His would not.have been:a very pleasarit position ndw if I had been his wife.' S'You would have been safe .and sheltered from all the worry .at any rate, was the kindly aisriswier- ' They could not haive unmarried you come what would.':: .:' . :'.:' : 'You doi'r.- kniow : Lidy Rivers;,': Nellie said, with a smile.i . She wodldt have tried: Pobir auntie--I shall never thin:k of: he'r' as anyihing else,'ithough I'haie no claim to call her so-she did'want Milversloneso badly.' 'Arid. Mr.: Rivers is goiiig to :'marryi a ' Gorgon of ai woman wisth red hair and little tinyeyies,' the actres said. 'f he was eiver in love',vith' 'you I can't imagine 'iow he ca'rin do it." ' n . ,i:?? '-:'. . '. iHe did otn "lkdow whait, lovm??e mant,'..I verily:believe,' Nellie said, with' so~iething of lher old sense of fun coming oyverher as shed thouight' of Drcie and 'ihis' awlkwar'dhiiess. ': If youn could only see him on his ::knees, befofe me making love to me'as hismother had:bid.' him.you would never have forgottei' it. Poor' Daircie, I hope he will be liappy 'everin' with' a red hifiied lady 'He wiaf'a nice bdy the~;."' I' And he is a nice boy now, andneverwill' be anything elsi', :.ind' 'the scarletih'aiired' woman I has .10t, of mofniey, 'no' 'let' us'h'ope; that his mamma :will 'hbe consoled .for :the' loss ..of. Milverstone.'! M;y 'ddearc:ihild';:'ith?i wig's alliaslkew,': : . Nellie had been. away in thought t to'?he old sceies, anid had attended to her tiebsiness b'adly fo? 'the first time,. : She hlastily apolo.' giseid and seiit iaitters to rights. She'looked at herself in the glass after:she had attcinded Miss Darlington to the . wing,;:. as was lier, dutjy, a-and wondered if it indeed: wa's' the same Nellie Rivers who hsid so: lately been mistress ofa great,hoiusehold and 'hovereil'gn'. 'iaidy of Springfield. :I : " : : .- ;: . . . : • She could hardly believe ii',she 'wa-s':S rapidly settling dlown into; her. new'.life ;and so strangely" contendied to fill the humblih place. But' she wias ot'to f'll it loig. Miss' I)Dalington had -a proposition to make to' her, and she made it that very night.' 'I awant to talk tio ydu,' she said ';' Come home withl me-I will.give you a bed.' Nellie had gone boine with her oh one or' :two occasions when she had had somiething she:wainted donie rit h'er' h0usie. Bait"sh'e had -hitherto resisted' all persuiasions to go and live in the house of her~ young mistress. At .hbr" oaini hliuriible lodging she a;asln iiide pendeit,' 'It:was a poor;placie, but she could: keeip to 'lierself., At licme with lliss' Da'" ton, n'o n matter. how kind shei was,: there' wbuld h.be:ai necessity: of inixing with other' serants, 'aud: 'Nellis shrabki from any :'sucbi 'dconita~t: more than she could have expressed. She' pieferled t ib'e:: hilone.:, Even. kind:' :bearted'Mrs;: O'Callaghan grated on hei 'sen?itive'feelirigs sometimes, aind made her glad to escape tobhir own little aitic, wlhich .had already begnn to look, poor as it, was, 'iis if it weze the:abode of a lady.' ' i ':YoG are as difficult to catch as a wild bird, :Minsl .Dailinigton ' said, wvhen 'at length: they were safely ensconced in hei?cbn'ortable carrige ar'd driving honie. ,'?You .are going to have supper .with .m rid adnaen listen :iptiently to all I have to.say ton you; It wnas: 'lesaant to:'e 'in a". wevll-a.ppoiated cirriage 'once more,. a"nd.. to.it"' do'n: to: a nicely-orideired table, withl a eat r' maid in at tendaeince,'aud ,Nlliliel1therself fdrgei for the monientt thlat"lhe was a'servant, and accepted 'Miss Di?ling1oens':lospitaility as it.was offered. She had been home with lier doce or twice before and hitd stipped with her, but it had always been to discuss soame new dress and take orders for.what was wanted for the busi ness of the stage. There was.something else on her. mind to oightand she went straigiht into.it 'as soon as she had finished her supper,'. 'I have been thinking,' she. began, and then she stopped, and added suddenly, with a pleasant smile, 'and I've quite made up my mind too.' 'To what? asked Nellie, seeing she was expected to say something. 'To. discharge you from your situation, Miss Smith.' 'Discharge me?' faltered poor Nellie. 'IHave I not pleased you, Miss Darlington ?' 'More than anyone else could possibly please me. Isball never have another like you.' ' 'Thenwhy?' 'Can't you understand ?' the actress said. ' Don't you feel 'that you!. are too good for the place-that you are worth some. thing a thousand times better than the 'post of a lady's maid, for it's nothing better'ndr half as good ? Now don't bounce like.that,' for Nellie had staried up in dismay. 'Just listen towhat Iwant you to do;. You inan be of ftii more use.to me in ainotlier way, arid I can get someone else for the theatre.' 'No one': who would serve you' half 'as faithfully,' Nillie faltered, the tears standing in her eyes. ,." . . :,' ;"'No, of course not'. It will be. someone who is quite at home behind the scenes you never were, my dear, and neve: would be-a. wdman who cain take a glassrof gin on an occasion,. and who can hold her owno. howeverm'inich the people about the place nitip chaff and go on. You are far too gsod to be a servant behind the scenes of a theatre, and .I waniit ybiuo 'cme: and live here with me. . A's yoiur maid ? I thought-----, .'That I had one already, so I have, a far better one than you will ever maket for I am teirribly afraid of her, and I should never he of you. :No, -I dont want you for a maid, but for a; comipanion;'. .. ' A companion , ,.: . ' ... . ' Yes, a factotum in reality. Iam a terribly careles's creature, and .I want someone t.o see that my papers stay in.'order when they are put straight, and that I don't ?pay the same bills twice ov;er, and all that.., You are far better educated than:I ami and I shall' be truly thankful if you will accept the office. I could not give you .a very large salary,: I have so many caills upon'n me, :but you would have a hoine, laindl a liappy one if I can make it so.' What 'dciild Nellie do but accept with tears of gratitude-it seemed to her, poor girl, as if a' glimpse of Heaven were shown her iin the 'proposal .of the kind-hearted actress. C?APTER XXXIX. SIt was;abright change for Nellie, from the dingy back attic in thue house where'tlielO'Cal lagans lodged, and the dreary work of the mo notonous days, to the bright, cheerful honie of the.lively actress,.and ,to make it more enjoyable still she soon found that Miss Darlington had spoken nothing but the truth when she declared that she wanted someone to perform the duties she spoke of. She was well enough cared for as far as a duenna went. She had a faithful old servant who had been l.er nurse in her babyhood, and who had left her home 'with her when, she ventured upon the perilous career of' the. stage. If Nellie admired her when she was only her dresser at the theatre and knew nothisig of 'her. personal :affairs, she soon, came to love her'dearly when she understood the unselfish'life'she led arid how she aided toikeep:the sorrowlful.home where her mother lay ill, an invalid who would never be any ih'iig else iill thie 'im:e.came forhlierto step behind iie ,ifted'ciurtaie of 'thle 'world.with in:the.veil':- :' :' :': SI' Ldaresay. many people wonder why I-am not at home nursing hier,' the actressesaid to Nellie orise day .whien she had been talking'to her motheri *'but I can' earn the nmoney for her comforts, poordarling, ~,and the others can't. 'Many a time when I am on the stage, and'listeiing -to the applause andthe flattery,, I Would give all the money aiid th'e adulation to run home and: have a 'sight of her.' She losigsfor me; 'and I for her; but if I .were aiot, wilat Iatm her last days would be days of privation. Miss Dkarlingoi iwas said in :the prbfessio n' to be stingy and to be.putting money away, but -Nellie l iew tlhat slie was 'sending it all :home, and the tears came to her eyes often when: she was shown the grateful letters 'that dcame to cheerithe poiularidol obii her way. : The .time when she was Nellie Rivers seeined very Tfar ffriof I.: :She was almost as well'idressied as .in the old. days, and. she rode about ri as well;appointed a carriage as she. haid bowned, theri, and peiople'looked at .lier sometimes and wondered- where , the .pretty actress: had picked up :such :'a. nice-: looking:conmpanion.' " \- Nellie performed her duties to everyone's satilficti?n; even to that 'oif 'the .old i servant, who at first was rather inclined tobe jealous of'her as an interloper. ' ',' " SBut the newcomner filled hed: position very meekly and:never gave herself airs, besides 'being'soiuseful in:everyv?ay,. ' M?rs. Stephens as she called herself, though' she: had never beeni, married, was' no hand, 'at accounts, ahd: .blundered .dreadfilly, o'er atrades-. 'men's bills, and it was' marvellous to hIer' how ,Nellie' made : miatteri 'dome right: that seemed in ',.a hopeless state of muddle, and set things straight :that :were, icrookied, witthout any quarrels with the' shop. keepers;: ,.- . -, ' -: - i She was such a lady toon atnd spoke :to people, -she'declared, as if they were flesh and ,blood like herself and not dogs, and Mrs; Stephens, like many old servants; stdod. grieatly! on lher dignity :.She had a vague idea that she had seen this ' Miss. Smith ' befbie, and a chaince word her mistress let' drop one day confirmed her in the belief that the new companion was Nellie Rivers, about whose disappearance she had heard so much. SShe kept her own counsel. It was not her place to speak, and she was a reticent" wo nmah by nature, until onrie nigist, .when she lhad an adventure that might have ended dis. agreeably. Her mistress and Nellie had gone to tihe 'iteatre together; Nellie very ofted 'ierit ad" sat , in :the dressing-room, doing litile odd things that' required delicacy of eye anid hand, and ;Mrs;,Stephens. was' left at alone..:: Somneltrifling'thing ias wanted' out:of doors and sie sallied fdrth to get it. John-str'eet,' Beri eley Square, is a8lquiet lplace enopgh; and one in whichri anelderly; pershn: mighti walk .about without .larmi, but 'not imany' teips .fi'roin ,her' ownd"'dobrsshe wa's' strtick in the face with a" cait well. ainie': by aboy :who was playing with tist" delec able toy., . , ,:: ITie young scapegarce decamped when'he sa'w' she wasbhit, and she staggeired blindly for a moment and then slipped down in the oadwavLy jt:ustas a passing cab was driving by. She was'not actually much hurt by the blow, but she cobuld not see where she was going for a minute, and she would certainly have been run over if' a gentleman passing by had not re'icued her arid dragged her on "the pavemnent again. . . ' ' That was a close shave,' he said, kindly, as hlie helped her.to her feet, ' Did you not see that cab ?' No. 'I was.hit in the eye with something \--a stick I think.' : ' "Ah:, those abominable cats,' the gentle. man.said, warmly. .'When they. 'have knocked out the Prince of Wales' eye, o: hit the crown of the Q2ueen's' bonnet, they will be put down with a strong hand, I suppose. In the meantime peaceful folks are to suffer., You must let me see you home, Where do you live ?' S' Close by-at IA,' .' H-e gave her his arm, forshe was giddy from the fright, •ind took her to the door, She would nof heif of :hiisgoing away till be had come'ini for a imomeht, and he was ready enough td6do itf for he codild not tell how much she!wa?shurt; .: : 'You inust let me look at your eye,' he said.,, ' I am: a surgeon. I:c?ni tell you what to do with it .. : .' A very casual inspection satisfied him that there was nb -harm done, and he looked at the- old woman with curious eyes. ": ., I.feelsure that I have seeh you bpfere,' he saidf i. . - , . . . . ;:' I am sure that I have sen yoi?,' was her rep!ly, in, a :pleased i tone. :': Iwi oda we should meet like this. ;'' SYotu have the advantage mof e. I can nt recall where I iav.e seen you, and yet-.' 'I don't ovonder at yo t iencollecting me,' sh S.id.. You : are, Mr Leicester, aren't you P ' Yes. AI. d yo:uwere at iog's: College Haospital seven yeis iago?'?. ; ::i I.' :was one of yourpatients. I' had a bad broken :armil and bthier injuries.. II was .kinoiced down and run over as I so nearly was to-night.' ' ":":: :* I thiik. I.: remember. You? were .in ihe same ward with-L- .. ;: . . He stopped suddenly. It was by the side of: Lettice ,Goower's dying, :bed thathe had seen this woman before, and she had seen hiis"agony of sorrow anifid despair, over her, : Yes,' she said, ' fby the side of that poor thing that died. ::see ypou remeniber me now. ,Yo.u were very godod to me 'ilien, and I hope you are doing well,' iVery I ?,.ihank[ you". i ..'In Lo'ndon`k? P " - ?'No, at. Springfield. You :know Spring. field ? '!: o i i CONTiNUOi, .- . . ? . 