lighter on Human jfoiiure. j'l'ioD: tLc >ior.:-: y~e;rs.] | As thi- author o! laa "Life ol Jo»uV M. Ilwr.n n&tiually; hid l;> <-nc-innt«-r n*uc')i oppj- •--itiL-:; froM the l/lli'ait.viitnne party wlic-:' ha i".t up for tCurp^ jgi^lauf iu the department «..f Seine-et-Alsjuo iu lsii'J. A talo is two «'.:!:•(• <;vc-s to -hc'iv curiously enough 'lir. t ViVik ivd to his being Iro.tted v.itii snspi'jiuii Ly tl:c opju=ilo p;uty. lii a little \ ;iJaj;f. alehuusi-, which was turned into a con-.isutee-rcom, a canvasser asked an old j.c-aiaiif. whether would voto for Rer.an. Kenan's littrary fciuv, however, had nolspuvd to tL» inncrtuc&t; rtcefses of the Seine-et- Jlaine. " Renan," said the free and independent voter : "who is that':'' "A writer, - ' he was told. "What has ku written "The Life of Jeais." "Oh, that wsn't do for me," was the : old man's reply. " We don't want to have the , Clerical part}' in power." The Chevalier Herrmann, who contributes a story of his adventureB to the current number of the Ifcrt/i Ai,icrivan Review, on one occasion saved his life by a trick. He was captured by Arabs in Algeria, and tied to a tree to be shot. When remembering a trick lie had been practising of having a gun fired at him and catching the bullets, he commenced to laugh and declare in French that he had a charmed life. Four men were told off to kill him. As each cne fired he spat a bullet from his mouth —the bullets having come from his own pocket: and so mystified were the Arabs that they thought his profession true, and set him free with many presents. 1 "A. 1C. H, B.'s" second instalment- of his reminiscences of St. Andrews are as amusing as the fiist. While on a visit to Lord and Lady Strathmore, at Glarnis Castle, Dr. Boyd was told of a new way to exorcise old ghosts. " Everybody has heard of the haunted room at Glanns. it has been put about that the mention of it is a painful subject in the family. Never was ranker nonsense. In the morning, the first question of the delightful Countess to hc-r guests was 'Well, have you seen the ghostThe Earl treated the subject more scientifically, iu a fashion yielding practical counsel. He told us that seme years before an excellent dignitary, ivho was always collecting money for Church building, had just gone to bed, when of a sudden the ghost; appeared—apparently R Strathmore of some centuries back. With great presence of mind the clergyman took tlie first word. Addressing the ghost, he said he was most anxious to raise money for a Church he was erecting; that he had a bad cold, and could not well eret out of bed ; but that his collecting-bcok was on his dressingtable, and he would be extremely obliged if his visitor would give him a subscription. Upon this the ghost vanished, and has never come lack any more." Mr. I'ronde is responsible for tho following little story :—" Froude told me of a singular instance of a man looking at a matter from only one point of view. A youth at Oxford in his day, being examined iu Paley, was asked if he could mention any instance of the Divine goodness which he hid found out for himself. 'Yes. The conformation of the nose of the bulldog. Its nose is so retracted that it can hang on to the bull, and yet breathe freely. But for this it would soon have to let go.' Tbe bull's point of view was not regarded at all." On one occasion Dr. Boyd met Mr. Justice Denman, who told his interlocnter at least one effective tale of Lord Palmerston and a loquacious butcher who made a practice of heckling the Premier whenever a fresh election gave him the chance. " One day the butcher, turning to the crowd, said, ' You can never get a direct answer out of that man. He always wriggles out with a joke or some dodge.' Whereupon Lord Palmerston said, with perfect good nature, 'Not so bad as that. I'll promise yon a direct answer now to any question you may put to me.' The butcher said, ' If such and such a thing is proposed in Parliament (mentioning some very ticklish matter which I cannot reoall), * what will yon do ?' ! ' 'Is that your question?' 'Yes.' 'Well, I promised you one, and you shall have it. I won't tell you!' Thereupon the butcher turned to the multitude and merely said, ' I tol 1 you he'd get out of it somehow. And now you see he has.'" I , ; , • j : • : ; i j j : , ; • i ; j j iI ; 