The Rev. J. Weteford's Visit. CONVENTION IN THE WESLEYAN CHURCH. COMBINED MBE 1INi OF PRO1ESTANT CHURCHES. The inaterest in the holiness convention which ban been held during the week, at the Wee. loeyan Church, Ellenborogbh-street, bhas been ruotained throughout. The attendanoe at the afternoon meetings has been molt aetiefaotory, whilst the Choreh on eaob evening has been filled. The services have been condoeted by the Rev. J. Watsford, at eachb of 'which be ha, delivered telling addresseee. On Tuesday after. noon there was a very good attendance, amongst those prseeont tilr the Reve. A. Htbehison, P. Robertsoo, J. Walker, T. Jones, and T. &reewood;, Mr. Watsford delivered a most impressive address on the sebjeot of esaoptifioastion, reading from the Bible desorip tione of the varios Jewish sacrifi8oes, and ahow log how they should have counterparte in the life of all believere. The addreas was both loold and exhaustive, and yet was not above the ~peanent intelleotual oapacity. He pointed out the dil.boolties (all of people's own making) which stood in the way of their living folly ooneecrated livees, but with all earnestonese he erhorted his hearers to asurrender themselves entirsely to (EJ, and theeus be enabled to live a life worthy of the name of a Christian. At night, there was a very good atteodanoe, the Rev. J. Watseford again presiding. The other aleisteres praeibt <were. Pbe Rave., J. Walhei, J. A: Nole~, W. Bmith'A. HButahit son, and W. &H.; Harispen. After the neoal formal opening, the Rev, w. Smith delivered an address on the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Doring the coarsee of his remarke, he aid that thhbybeieved In te Holy Gtiet~, ititahtnhaie esssentisal putrtc eligioo;., The Holy Spirit had been in the ChOnrobh at??sry age. To be bsp tjed by the boly Ohj t aswe be piriteally deribhed'; td be eteiraledhby the very power of salvation itself; td be baptised by love, and by the very poweref branjeliam. The ordin ary preaching of the Gospel was not going to save the whole world., :Jbane Christ wsated all of them to .become evsgelicte. 'cad thej ohould. oertainl, -bpoa.me evapgeli*te . The baptiem by the Holy lboat mast be pre eminently useful for the eaving of esol. The rev. gentleman onoleaded a very earnest ad drece by stating that, onderany oiroomstanoea, a man baptised by the Holy Ghost became a very energetic man. After the collection had been taken up, the Chairman spoke at oon siderable length on the miracles of Christ, commenoing by reading a passage of Sc8riptare relative to them from Lake viii., 413. He spoke earnestly and elogoently on this subjeot, and reoeived the closeat attention fromthe audienoe. These miracles, he said, were among the moet interesting and instrnouctive parts of God'eWord. They taught them what they most wanted to know. T?ay old the ,ahboaWJ,. j and of ia abaighyoeri b war to scdv f oase was ever beyond riie power) gyd of tnijave.: They fold them of those whoosms to Him, how they came, the diffooftem thit they mit in comieg, and the eacees whjql ha4l at last rewarded them. The miraole 'to which he wee going to refer wee- one of the most ioterestier f thaejqreoreed in the New Tee. tament. ans Chrie wllt fpoa the land of Galilee, and 'the' mfttitei'gi?iered'rd'nd Him,.emoeng 'wem wL a woma aniffering from'lbiresy.. She, 1et cuffqred for twelve yeur. EzpiLnentd had been tridd, and paintel operations had ' been performed, bht treal failed. ?%e eppker,,hen retairredtcobmeldndth'tdfhbi'wAii whfch the woman had ufferedrand how ehs had songht to touochthehem of the SBelaer'j glrdeiit, then watento cay that they. mlSt oame ri toJesus toobtain lfatf0;h,-ndletaHim i them, for He would do it. They might be bman?1 ? the Aettio, tnd')vec k thq Saor mleet all thb' tl,?e olr tl?6|t?'Ive bat tl'sy woulld not find salvation in npot a manner as that. They mast come to Christ, who was almighty to esave bet:Lt.a heawould note?e?i to him, there would be no hbling and no deliveranoe. It was a sad thing thbsp a so pp lI asy there weas no hoilfor him. There was no real hope till they were brongh?tit feel that they oould do nthing writhout r e aid of Christ. lnh4d wpre absolteal )oeiplaac, a s tiey were do phoding entirely oW"'Hlh"fo# their calvation; and none but Chriest Oould do helplecss sinnere good. The rev. gentleman again referred to to leper woman going to Christ, pointing out that she went to Bim as abshe was, and they, when seeking the Saviour, should do the name. Then, again, the poor woman was oured inetan taneoously ; and directly they toacohed Jeans, the life-giving power would some through them. Inltstataneon nalvation was what the Gospel proolaimed. When they amse to Jeene, and trosted and believed in Him, the bleseed ooneolooousne of forgiveness would come in the way in which God had ordained. In conolud ig an edirten..flt?i wan oharaetrined by vise o ibclW?edlleheontlre'ihoidentithe rev. gentl6maei'lsked those'prdait:b 6glVitltbm. scb to God, ati thp jrviWion was largely and readily reep6dndl'??"' t ' What wm toi ,oakaebca th. itl meeting in eonneotioa with the Holiness Conveanionynee held in the Weslepoan OChburah last evening, idd tootk ~g, forp f pf oqpbined eprvioe, .of .he members of the vauioe?..'Protep t .denomina tions in town, Mr. W tefrd sls, however, been indased to tay a day longer .tbaba had ;tenrdd,:and pill, ,bhlafdtwoon aMd :to. night, ooednot meetings in the Congregasional .horcb, Bribcer'prset, r k stbro ho ne whioh ha has held during the lest few d4ae. P?rvise?io the merpioewv~veang,a opma. ajr me iag wae )eld at thqlqptain, and.after everral persons bead spoken, a prooesion wae formed, and, teede4?.·l.he alv·etino. Are m brhas hand, those who took part in it proeeded to. the burob, which, withinf a. very thoet apace of Alme, wes flled ,o0tbe door. Ontshe platfomg.wit She ~sreJ. Watotrd waere the aev. W, Brown, T. Ellimon,.,T.Breewood, ad Major ,Peartaof heialvalion Armya. end there were also present the Beae. J. A. Nolani A, Botohbison, SRtO.Captaip Pearce, med Csp caien,lowpwardoI the 8pleUon Army. Atller the singing of a hym anod prayer, .the Rev.' W. Brown delivered a short but enreest .d arees, during whiohhe. aid that if persoae wanted eternal life, they meat listen to the ionvitation given by Jeea, and sooept the offers held out to them. Major Pas' then delivered a lengthy and impressive addresa on theonbjeotof " Bolines.." When he looked rband on the greet Christian community,. end saw the apathy that was die played regarding Chriatianity, he felt what a great need there was for the advocacy of holl. ness. They moet fail in theirwork of resoninag the perieblolg, ealess they ooeld get men end women to sesure that rea full allrlvation, and give a personal experience in their lives thet there was reality in holiness. To obtain that, persons mest be determined to give their livhs fully up to God'e aervioe; to renounce everl thing opposed to God, and be willing to man. orate all their powers to the aervice of Christ. Apart from a full sarrender and a complete oon?secration, there waen o fall ealvatfon to bhe had. The Rev. J. W?TarS?O?D then delivered a moest touching and impressive addrees. He chose as a tert the twent-seecond verse of the 27th chapter of St. Matthew,-" What shall I do tben with Jesus called Chriet." That, he said, was a question whioh every man and women there, that night, had to answer. Everlone must do something with Jesus. Re must be either received or iejeoted by each one; there was no neutral or middle path, and he desired, to impress that deeply on the hearta of all present. Ao cept Christ, and pease would be with them; and without Christ there was no peace for the guilty soul. WithChrist as a goide, a prson's hife would be made useful and a htessing. It was not belonging to any partionlar Churoh or sect that saved a person, but the aooeptance of the pardon purchased by Christ. The speaker then pointed out that eaoh person was respou sible an to whother he or she acoepted or rejeoted Christ. He then appealed most earnestly to all present to answer that evening thp qestion, "What .ah1h I do, with Jesue ?" quln.o his invitation, to those who woul4d deter mina from that timup.tLt to /Itttl-uppqgbctei themselves to God, a' arge numhesr ieapudsd, 'The anhjeot on whioh Mr. Wateford pnr onoes to speak this afternoon is " MiIlomary Triumphl in Fiji."' 