THE EBON! FRAME, a . To bo rich i? a luxurious sensation — the more so when you have plumbed the depths of hard- up-neas as a Fleet street hack, a picker-up of unconsidered pars, a reporter, an unappreciated jOum<iii6t/wdii cfiiliQj8 utterly inGousist6&t; with one's family feeling and one's direct descent from the Dukes of Picardy. When my A int Dorcas died and left me five hundred a' year and a furnished house in Chelsea I felt that life had nothing left to offer except immediate possession of the legacy. Even Mildred Maybe w, whom I had hitherto regarded as my life's light, became less luminous. I was not engaged to Mildred, but I lodged with her mother, and I sang duets with Mildred, and gave her gloves when it would rim to it, which was seldom. She was a dear good girl, and I meant to many her some day. It is very nice to feel that a good little woman is thinking of you— it helps you iu your work — and it is pleasant to know she will say " Ye3 " when you say u Will you ?" But, as I say, my legacy almost put Mildred out of my head, especially as she was staying with friends in the country just then. Before the first gloss was off my new mourn ing, I was seated in my aunt's own armchair in front of the fire iu the di&ingroom; of my own house. My own house! It was grand, but rather lonely. I did think of Mildred just then. The room was comfortably furnished with oak and leather. On the walls hong a few fairly good oil paintings, but the 6pace above the mantelpiece was disfigured by an exceed ingly bad print — " The trial of Lord William Russell "—framed in a dark frame. I got up to look at it. I had visited my aunt with dutiful regularity, but I never remembered seeing this frame btfoie. It was not intended for a print, but for an. oil painting. It was of fine ebony, beautifully cue curiously carved. I looked &t; it with growing interest, and when my aunt's housemaid — I had retained her modest staff of servants— came in with the lamp, I asked her how long the j print had been there. " Hi stress only bought it two days afore she was took ill, "said she; "but the frame — 3he didn't want to buy a new one — so she got this out of the altic. There's lots of curious old things there, sir." " Had my auut had this frame long ?" " Oh. ye?., sir. It came long afore T did, and I've been here seven years come Christmas. There was a picture in it— that's up stairs, too — bat it's that black and ugly it might as well be a chimley-ba ck." I felt a desire to see this picture. What if it were some priceless old master in which my aunt's eyes had only seen rubbish ? Directly after breakfast the next morning I paid a visit to the lumber-room. It was crammed with old furniture enough to stock a curiosity shop. All the house was fur nished solidly in the early Victorian style, and in this room, everything not in keeping with the " drawing-room suite" ideal was stowed away. Tables of papier niache and mother of pearl, atraigbi-baeked chairs with twisted feet and faded needlework cushions, fire- screens of old world design, old bureaus with brass handles, a littio work- table with its faded, moth-eaten silk fiutiugs, hanging in discon solate shreds ; on these and the dust that covered them blazed the full daylight as I drew up the blinds. I promised myself a good time in re-enshriuing these household gods in my parlour and promoting the Victorian suite to the attic. But at present my business was to find the picture as " black as the ehitnley- back;" and presently, behind a heap of hideouB still-life studies, I found it. Jane, the housemaid, identified it at once. I took it downstairs carefully and examined it. No subject, no colour waB distinguishable. There was a splodge of a darker tint in the middle, but whether it was figure, or tree, or house, no man could have told. It seemed to be painted on a very thick panel bound with learner. I decided to sand it to one of those persons who pour the waters of eternal youth on rotting family por traits—mere soap and water, Mr. Besant tells us it is— but even as I did bo the thought occurred to 'me to try my own restorative hand at a corner of it. My bath &ponge;, soap, and nailbrush vigorously applied for a few seconds showed me that there was no picture to clean i Bare oak presented itself to my persevering brush. I tried the other side, Jane watching me with in dulgent interest. Same result. Then the tru th dawned on me. Why was the panel so thick V I tore off the leather binding, and ' the panel divided and fell to the ground in a cloud of dust. There were two pictures— they had been nailed face to face. I leaned them against the wall, aud next moment I was leaning against it myself. For one of the pictures was myself — a perfect portrait — no shade of expression or turn of feature wanting. Myself— in a cavalier dress, " love-locks ana all ! When had this been done? And ho w, without my knowledge ? Was ..this some whim of my aunt's J . " Lor, Sir !" the shrill surprise of Jane at my 1 elbow ; " What a lovely photo it is ? Was it for a f ancy ball, Sir ?" Yes," I stammered. " I— I don't think I want anything more now. You can go. " She went; and I turned, still with my heart beating violently, to the . other picture. This was A woman of the type of beauty beloved of Bur&e; Jones and Ro setii — straight noBe, low brows, full lips, thin hands, large, deep, luminous eyes. She wore a black velvet gown. It was vfull'lenglli portrait. Her arms rested on a table beside her, and her head on her hands ; but her face was turned full forward, and her eyes met those of the spectator bewilderingly. On the table by her were compasses and instruments whose use I did not -know, books, a goblet, and a miscellaneous heap of papers and pens. I saw all this afterward. I believe it was a quarter of an hour before I could turn my eyes away from hers. I have never seen any other eyes like hers. They appealed, as a child's or a dog's do; they commanded, as might those of an empress. " Shall I sweep up the dust sir ?" Curiosity had brought Jane back. I acceded. I turned from her my portrait. I kept between her and the woman xu the black velvet. When I was alone again I tore down " The Trial of Lord William RusBell," and I put the picture of the woman in its strong ebony frame. Then I wrote to the frame maker for a frame for my portrait. It had so long lived face to face with this beautiful witch that I had not the heart to banish it from her presence ; from which it will be perceived that I am by nature a somewhat sentimental person. The new frame came home and I hung it oppose the fireplace. An exhaustive search among my aunt's papers showed no explana tion of the portrait of the woman with the wonderful eyes. I only learned that all the old furniture together had come to my aunt at the death of my great uncle, the head of the family, and I should have concluded that the resemblance was only a family one, if every one wno came in had not exclaimed at- the " speaking likeness." I adopted a " fancy ball" explanation. And there, one might suppose, the matter of the portraits ended. One might suppose it— that is, if there was not evidently a good deal more written here about it. However, to me, then, the matter seemed ended. I went to see Mildred ; invited her and her mother to come and stay with me. I rather avoided glancing at the picture in the ebony frame. I could not forget, nor remember without singular emotion, the look in the eyes of that woman when mine first met them. I shrank from repeating that look. I reorganised the house somewhat, preparing for MildieTs visit. I turned the dining-room into a drawing-room. I brought down much of the old-fashioned furniture, and, after a long day of arranging and rearranging, I sat down before the fire, and lying back in a pleasant languor, I idly raised my eyes to the "picture. I met her dark, deep hazel eyes, and once more my gaze was held fixed as by a strong magic— the kind of fascination that keeps one sometimes staring for whole minutes into one's own eyes in the glass. I gazed into her eyes and felt my own dilate, pricked with a smart like the smart of tears. " I wish," I said, " oh, how I wish you were a woman and not a picture Come down ! Ah, come down !" I laughed at myself as I spoke, but even as I laughed I held out my arms. I was not sleepy ; I was not drunk. I was as wide- awake and as sober as ever was a msu in this world. And yet, as I held out my arms, I saw the eyes of the picture dilate, her lips tremble — if I were to he hanged for saying it, it is true. Her hands moved slightly, and a sort of flicker of a smile passed over her face. I sprang to my feet. " This won't do,'' I said, still aloud. "Firelight does play strangs tricks. I'll have the lamp." I pulled myself together and made for the bell. My hand was onit, when I heard a sound behind me, aud turned — the bell still unrung. The fire had burned low, and the corners of the room were deeply shadowed; but, surely, there —behind the tall worked chair — was something darker than a shadow. "I must face this out," I stud, "or I shall never be able to face myself again," I left the bell, I seized the poker, and battered the dull coals to a blaze. Then I stepped back resolutely and looked up at the picture. The ebony frame was empty ! From the shadow of the chair came a silken rustle, and out of the shadow the woman in the picture was coining. I hope I shall never again know a moment of such blank and absolute terror as that. I could not have moved or spoken to save my life. Either all the known laws of nature were nothing, or else I was mad. I stood trembling, but I am thankful to remember, stood still, while the black velvet gown swept across the hearthrug towards me. Next moment a hand touched me — a hand, soft, warm, and human — and a low voice said : " You called me. I am here." At that tonch and that voice, the world seemed to give a sort of bewildering half-turn. I hardly know how to express it, hut at once it seemed not awful — not even «unsna1 — for "por traits to become flesh — only most natural, most right, most unspeakably fortunate. I laid my hand on hers. I looked from her to my portrait. 1 could not see it in the fire light. "We are not strangers," I said. 41 Oh, no, not strangers." Those luminous eyes were looking up into mine — those red lips were near me. With a passionate cry — a sense of having suddenly recovered life's one great good, that had teemed wholly lost — I clasped her in my arms." She was no ghost— she was a woman — the only woman in the world. "How long," I said, "oh, love-how long since T lost you ?" " How can I tell how long ? There is no time in hell," she answered. It was not a dream. Ah, no— there are no such dreams. I wish to God there could be. When in dreams do I see her eyes, hear her voice, feel her lips against my cheek, hold her hands to my lips, as I did that night — the supreme night of my life ? At first we hardly spoke. It seemed enough, after long grief and pain, To feel the arms of my truelove Round me once again, « « « It is very difficult to tell this story. There are no words to express the sense of glad re union, the complete realisation of every hope and dream 6f a life that came upon tn» -as I anf with my hand in hers aud looked into her eyes. How could it have been a dream, when I left her sitting in the straight- backed chair, and Went down to the kitchen to tell the maids I should want nothing more — that I was busy aud did not wish to be disturbed; when I fetched wood for the fire with mv own- hands, and bringing it in, found her still sitting there —saw the little bfown head turn as I entered, saw the love in her dear eyes ; when. I threw myself at her feet and blessed the day I was born, since life had given me this ? Not a thought of Mildred; all the other things in my life were a dream — this, its one splendid reality. " I am wondering," she said after a while, when we bad made such cheer each of the other as true lovers may after long parting— " I am wondering how much you remember of our past." "1 remember nothing," I said. "Oh, my dear lady, my dear sweetheart— I remember nothing but that I love you — that I have loved you all my life.'' " "You remember nothing — really nothing?" " Only that I am yours ; that we have Doth suffered ; that — Tell me, my mistress dear, all that you remember. Explain it all to me. Make me understand. And yet— Nof I don't want to understand. It is enough that we are together." If it was a dream why have I never dreamed it again? She leaned down toward me, her arm lay on my neck and drew my head till it rested on her shoulder. "I am a ghost, I suppose," she said, laughing softly ; and her laughter stirred memories which I just grasped at and just tetsBed. " But you and I know better, doa't we ? I will tell you everything you have for gotten. We loved each other — ah! no, you have not forgotten that— and when you came back from the war we were to be married. Our pictures were painted before you went away. You know I was more learned tban women of that day. Dear one, when you were gone they said I was a witeh. They tried me. They said I should be burned. Just because I had looked at the stars and had gained' more knowledge than they, they must needs bind me to a stake and let me be eaten by the fire. And you far away !" Her whole body trembled and shrank. Oh, love, what dream would have told me that my kisses would soothe even that memory ? ".The night before," she went on, "the devil did come to me. I was innocent be fore— you know it, don't you? And even then my sin was lor you — for you— because of the exceeding love I bore you. The devil came, and I sold .my soul to eternal flame. But I got a good price, I got the right to come back, through iny picture (if anybody looking at it wished for me),- as long as my picture stayed.in its ebony frame... That frame was not carved by man's hand. I get the right to come back to you, Ob, my heart's heart, and another thing I won, which you shall hear anon. They burned me for a witch, they made me suffer hell on earth. Those faces crowding all round, the crackling wood, and the smell of thesaioke— " " Oh, love! no more— no more." " When my mother satthat night before my picture she wept and cried ; 1 Come back, my poor lost child ! ' And I went to her, with glad leaps of heart. Dear, she shrank from me, she fled, she shrieked, and moaned of ghosts. She had our pictures covered from sight and put again in the ebony frame. She had promised me my picture should stay always there. Ah, through all these years your face was against mine." She paused. 4 But theman you loved ?" "You came home. My picture was gone. They lied to you, and you married another woman; but some day I knew you would walk the world again and that I should find you." " The other gain ?" I asked. " The other gain," she answered slowly, "I gave my soul for. It is this. If you also will give up your hopes of Heaven I can remain a. woman, I can move in your world— I can be your wife. Oh, my dear, after all these years, at last— at last." " If I sacrifice my soul," I said slowly, with no thought of the imbecility of such talk in our " so-called nineteenth century" — "if I saoriflce my soul, I win you? Why, love, its a contra diction in terms. You are my soul." Her eyes looked straight into mine. Whatever might happen, whatever did happen, whatever may happen, our two souk in that moment met and became one. "Then you choose — you deliberately choose- to give up your hopes of Heaven for me, as I gave up mine for you ?" " I decline," I Boid, w to give up" my hope of Heaven on any terms. Tefime what I must do that you and I may make our own Heaven here — as now, my dear one." "I will tell you to-morrow," she saisl. "Be alone here to-moirow night — twelve is ghosts' time, isn't it ? — and then I will come out of the picture and never go baok to it. I shall live with you, and die, and be buried, and there will be an end of me. But we shall live first, my heart's heart." I laid my head on her knee. A strange drowsiness overcame me. Holding her hand against my cheek, I lost consciousness. When I awoke the grey November dawn was glim mering, ghostlike, through the uncurtained window. My head was pillowed on my arm, which rested — I raised my head quickly — ah ! not on my lady's knee, but on the needle- worked cushion of the straight- backed chair. I sprang to my feet. I was stiff with cold and dazed with dreams', but I turned my eye on the picture. There she sat, my lady, my dear love. I held out my arms, but the passionate cry I would have uttered died on my lips. She had said 12 o'clock. Her lightest word was my law. So I -only stood in .front of the picture and gazed into those grey-green, eyes till tears of passionate happiness filled my own. " Oh, my dear, my dear, how shall I pass the hours till I hold you again V No thought, then, of my whole life's com pletion and consummation being a dream. I staggered up to my room, fell across my bed, and slept heavily and dreamlessly. When I awoke it Swas high noon. Mildred and her mother were coming to lunch. I remembered, at one shock, Mildred's coming and her existence. Now, indeed, the dream began. With a penetrating sense of the futility of any action apart from her; I gave the necessary orders for the reception of my guests. When Mildred and her mother came I received them with cordiality, but my general phrases all seemed to be some one else's. My voice sounded like an echo, my heart was other where. Still, the situation was not intolerable until the hour when afternoon tea was served in the drawing-roots. Mildred and her mother kept the conversational pot boiling with a profusion of genteel commonplaces, and I bore it as one can bear mild purgatories when one is in sight of heaven. I looked up at my sweetheart in the ebony frame, and I felt that anything that might happen, any irresponsible imbecility, any bother of boredom, was nothing if, after it all, she came to me again. And yet when Mildred, too, looked at the portrait and said, " What a fine lady ! One of your flames, Mr. Devigne ?" I had a sickening sense of impotent irritation, which became abso-" lute torture when Mildred— how could lever have admired that chocolate-box barmaid style of prettiness ? —threw herself into the high-backed chair, covering the needlework with her ridicu lous flounces, and added "Silence gives con sent! Who is it Mr. Devigne? Tell us all about her; I am sure she has a stoty." Poor little Mildred, sitting there smiling, serene in her confidence that her every word charmed me— sitting thre with her rather pinched waist, her rather tight boots, her rather vulgar voice — sitting in the chair where my dear lady had eat when she told me her story? I could not bear atle?"a t 8it «ot comfort But the girl would not be warned. With f laugh that set every nerve in my body viabrati iug with annoyance, she oaid: "Oh, dear! musn't I even sit iu the eame ohair as voui black-velvet woman?" I looked at the chair in the picture. It war the same, and in her chair Mildred was sitting Then a horrible sense of the reality of Mildrec came, upon me. Was all thiB a reality after all? But for fortunate chance might Mildred have occupied, not only her chair, but het place in my life I rose. " I hope you won't think me very rude," I said, " but I am obliged to go out." I forget what appointment I alleged. The lie came readily enough. I faced Mildred's pouts with the hope thai she and her mother would not wait dinner for me. I fled. In another minute I was safe, alone, under the chill, cloudy autumn sky— free to think, think, think of my dear lady. t fr hours along streets and squares ; I lived over again and again every look, word, aud hand-touch— every kiss ; I was cumplctelv- unspeakably happy. Mildred was utterly forgotten ; my ladj of the ebony frame filled my heart and soul and spirits. As I heard 11 boom through the fog I turned and went home. When I got to my street I found a crowd surging through it, a strong red light filling the au\ A house was on fire ! Mine ! I elbowed my way through the crowd. The picture of my lady— that, at least, I could save ! As I sprang up the steps I saw, as in a dream— yes, all this was really dream-like— I saw Mildred leaning out of the first-floor window, wringing her hands. " Gome back, sir." cried a .fireman ; " we'll get the young lady out right enough." But my lady? I went on up the stairs— cracking, smoking, and as hot as hell— to the room where her picture was. Strange to say, I only felt that the picture was a thing we shoulc like to look on through the long, glad weddec life that was to be curs. I never thought of it as being one with her. As I reached the first floor I felt arms rounc my neck. The smoke was too thick for me tc distinguish features. " Save me ! " a voice whispered. I clasped a figure in my arms, aud, with a strange dis-ease, bore it down the shaking stairs and out intc safety. It was Mildred. I knew that directlv I clasped her. " Stand back," cried the crowd. " Every one's safe," cried a fireman. The flames leaped from every window. The dry grew redder and redder. I sprang from thi hands that would have held me. Leaped ui the steps. I crawled up the stairs. Suddenh the whole horror of the situation came upox me, " As long as my picture remains in thi ebony frame." What if picture and fram< perished together? I fought with the fire, and with my own choking inability to fight with it. I pushed on. I must save my picture. I reached the drawing room. As I sprang in I saw my lady— I swear it- through the smoke and the flames, hold out hei arms to me— to me— who came too late to save her and to save my own life's joy. I neve saw her again. Before I could reach her or cry out to her I felt the floor yield beneath my feet, and fel' into the fiery hell below. How did they save me? What does that matter ? They saved me somehow— curst them. Every stick of my aunt's furniture was destroyed. My friends pointed out that, as the furniture was heavily insured, the carelessness of a nightly-studious house maid had done me no harm. No harm ! That was how I won and iost my only love. . I deny, with atf my soul in the denial, that it was a dream. There are no such dreams. . Dreams of longing and pain there are is plenty, but dreams of complete, of unspeak able happiness— ah, no— it is the rest of life thai is the dream. But if I think that, why have I marriec Mildred, and grown stout and dull and pros perous ? I tell you it is all this that is the dream ; mj dear laay only is the reality. And what doei it matter what one does m a dream ? — E. Nesbii in Longman's Magazine, 