Truth About Russia. ji^BNGliAND'S REAL DANGER IN ?" CENTRAL ASIA. . "Jast*rat"this time," when an'Afghan scare is in the wind and the timorous are daily expecting to (hear Sof the outbreak of an unprecedently disastrous war involving well .nigh all the-world, the following quotations from W. J, Stead's book ?! Truth about Bussia," written on the spot, should be of interest to all:- . , # , "There remains one last question to be disposed of-the question of Central Asia, and Afghanistan. The idea that the Bussians, either as a people or as a Government, contemplate the design of the invasion and conquest of India is one of those delusions which are to nations what evil spirits were to individuals in the days of " possession." The Bussians no more contemplate the conquest of India (ban our Jingoes contemplate the conquest of Poland ; but both Russians And Jingoes agree in believing that, if necessity should arise, they can make a good deal of trouble each for the other-the one in-India, the- other in Poland. The'more clearly it is recognised that thereis no more ques tion of an invasion of India in force by the Russian army than there is of the entry of Lord Wolseley into Warsaw at the head of the British army corps, the more likely is it that we shall see where our real danger lies ; for that there is real danger of some kind from the. proximity of Bussia and England in Asia is indubitable. It is hopeless attempting to face the,real danger until we have definitely dismissed the imaginary peril from our minds.. . . . . Y'What'is the real danger ? The real danger is Jargely self-created, but still it exists. It consists in the idea," with which our own writers and officials, have so diligently inoculated the Asiatic mind, that every advance of Russia in the direction of Afghanistan endangers our position in India. The strength of the Russians for mischief is not material''but moral. It is based,' not upon the proximity of tlieiricannons, but upon the ubiquily of our alarmists. Lord Lytton was probably the most effective agent who ever served the Russians in Asia. He and his troupe of panic-mongcrs could not have done the Tzar's work better if they had been salaried with roubles as advertising agents of Muscovy." By their fuss and their fidget andtheir reckless expenditure of life and money in order to conjure away the mere shadow of a Cossack on the far side of Afghanistan they convinced our fellow-subjects in India that Bussia possessed a capacity for upsetting our Empire, which in reality 'she lacks. While the Germans and the Jews be tween them have been steadily co-operating is Europe to depreciate the rouble and. impair Russian credit, our Jingoes and Anglo-Indians have in the most reckless fashion set themselves to raise Russian .credit as :much above par in Asia as the rouble is below par In Europe. Lord Salisbury on'cel remarked^ to: General. Ignatief; .thai; ^unless rumour,lied, Russia had. many agents in India. " Thousands of .'agents," coolly replied the ablest Bussian 'in the diplomatic service-'. we have liter ally thousands: of most uieful agents in India." "What do you mean ?" asked Lord Salisbury, in some amazement at the cynical avowal. " Our agents," replied General Ignatief, "are headed by your, own Viceroy, and they include almost every official in your service and every newspaper writer ip India. They occupy themselves in doing, far more effectively than anyone*else could do it, the kind of work for which wo are supposed to employ agents in other countries. They disquiet the minds of the well-disposedt by spreading rumours of.a Bussian advance ; they encourage the hopes of the ill-disposed- by j simulating alarm at our approach ; they-fill the/bazaars with stories of our irresistible prowess, and, in short, they do every thing that we could wish to magnify our reputa tion, and prepare eveyy mauvais sujet, every native who is discontented with your Government, to turn with longing and liopeful gaze ..towards the groat white Tzar." General. Ignatief was right. There is no;room" for Bussian agents; in Russian pay in India. -The ground is covered, from the Himalayas to Ceylon,'With'far more effective auxiliaries who draw British'pay^but who do Russian's work. ? "Now that the actual Bussian has come along side the Afghan frontier, it is to be hoped that this reckless " bulling" of Bussian prestige in Asia will be abandoned, by our people,. But it is too late to undo the mischief which-fifty years of hysterical and:morbid alarmism have worked in India. It has given the Bussians a vantage: ground which all their artillery could not have securcd them ; and it is a vantage ground which they would be more than human if they did notuse it to their profit and to our inconvenience. Their railway enables them to deliver troops on the Afghan frontier a couple of ( :days after they are landed from their base on the Caspian. Although this single line of railway drawn across the desert is of little use for the transport of an invading army, it is all that is re ^ quired to furnish the semblance of danger. The delusion, although as unreal as Pepper's Ghost, is quite as startling to those who do not know the trick.- Unless tliero is a complete change in our relations < with . the Bussians, unless cordiality succeeds 'distrust, and loyal co-operation in Asia and in Europe replaces the present tension of hos tility and intrigue, the Bussians have us at an immense disadvantage on the Afghan border, not ^because they aire in a position to 'do tis.any injury whatever, but because they can so practice on our idiotic, self-created fears as to drive us almost to the verge of Imperial suicide.. They,cannot do us any harm, but they can make us do immense harm to ourselves.' - i . " Up to the present moment no, Bussian soldier has ever come withiji.rango of our Indian outposts. But the 'presence in Afghanistan of a wandering Polish adventurer in 1846,and thearrival of a Bussian envoy at.Cabul in 1878, proyoked spasms of delirium 'which 6o'st us tens of thousands of brave men'and tens of millions o£ treasure. Every penny squan dered on the Afghan campaigns, every'.lifo sacrificed in, those dreadful defiles, was sacrificed to exoroise a phantom conjured up by our own nervousness. It did not exorcise the phantom ,. it weakened India, it intensified tho hatred with which we are regarded in Afghanistan, and abovo all it taught the Bus sians the enormous value of that kind of phantas magoria in|the great game of Central Asian politics. As we continued to make ourselves disagreeable in Eastern Europe, tho Bussians determined, and very wisely determined from their own point of view, to exploit' our fears in tho direction of Afghanistan. The extension of their frontier beyond Merv, the construction of tho railway, ^nd the whole of their recent polioy in those regions, indicate with abso lute unreserve their intention to profit by our t0|< K that'folly is not' Succeeded by sober sense I confessi I lbdk'forward with,some alarm to the future of India: ' If the present^raze continues, the Tzar ;haB?only i*o stretchjhis; finger in; menacing fashion in the direotion of Herat to plunge the Indian finances, into confusion,, and to secure the disorganisation of the whole Indian military system by compelling a concentration of troops at Pishin and Quetta. Ho has but to order tho Russian drums to beat; in the neighbourhood of Zulfikar, or to suggest that- a company of Cossacks should pursue' some bandits across tho border near Maruchak, for the Indian Government to stop furloughs, to telegraph for reinforcements, and to prepare to plunge, headlong for a third time into the death-trap of'Afghanistan. That is an advan tage which as an English patriot I grudge to my Russian friends. "There is,.however, somo hopo that the very awkwardness of the position Into which we have forced our way may lead to a tardy discovery that the Russians can, after all, make it worth our while to be on friendly terms. When Bussia acquired tho mouth of tho Amoor and her Pacific ports, Lord Elgin asked the Bussian plenipotentiary why Russia ,was so anxious for a naval baso in the Pacific. His reply was frank and characteristic. "Wo do not want tliem for their own sako, but chiefly in ordor that wo may be in a position to compel the English to' recognise that it is worth their while being friends with us rather than foos." Precisely tho same reason dominated the acquisition of strategical points on tho Afghan border. But for tho neces sity of being able to convince England that her real interests are not inextricably bound np with the maintenance of Turkish power in Europe, the Central Asian fleeco would not, as SkobolofI remarked, have been wortli the tanning, This is useful for England. Tho fatal senso of being " in the air," of being able to do what we pleased with out exposing ourselves to. reprisals, has been res ponsible for much of the criminality of our policy in relation to Russia, We would never have dared to aet in any such fashion to Prance, with whom we made the entente eordiale quite as much from fear as from love. So it may be that the entente with Russia, which we have scouted with scorn as long as Russia was too far oil to make us realise the con sequences of our own acts, may be brought about, not by the prompting of morality, but simply under the pressure of the sordid but permanent forces of interest and fear. " The position in which we have by our alarmist propaganda and our Afghan superstition voluntarily placed Russia is as followB : " We have drawn a frontier line across the north of Afghanistan, beyond which the Russians ad £3 it that they have no interest at present, and up to which we may,1 if we choose, with their hearty goodwill advance our frontier. On the north of that frontier line the Russians are at home. They have garrisons stationed there connected by railway within a couple of days of their base on the Cas pian. They answer for order, they police their frontier,, and they are by telegraph within a few hours of St, Petersburg. On the other side of that frontier line we are not at home, A territory as large as France, as mountainous as Switzerland, as poor as the highlands of Scotland, and inhabited by fierce and fanatical tribes, stretches between our furthest point and the Russian lines. We have no warden of the marches at Zulfiknr or at Maruchak. We have no Englishmen in all Afghanistan to tell us what is going on, to say nothing of undertaking to keep the peace of the border. We cannot answer for order on our Bide, neither can we under take that the surges of the civil war that are chronic in Afghan may never dash over the clearly marked line that has been drawn from the Oxus to the Murgliab. What is more, wo cannot even attempt to exercise any control of the Afghan borderers without thrusting an army through their country, thereby rousing the deadly animosity of the Afghan tribes. " What is the natural and necessary result of such a condition of affairs when it is euperimposed upon a kind of nervous frenzy among our own people, which causes them to rush into Afghanistan, as the bull plunges at the cloak of a matador, whenever a Cossack lance shows itself on the Afghan frontier? This. The moment the Russians think that we arc worrying them unnecessarily in Europe, they will discover ways and me.ins of worrying us in Asia, Their power to do this depends not on their strength, but. on our nervousness, and they need not move a man, or fire a rifle. They will discover that some tribes within the Afghan frontier have raided some tribes within the Russian territory. They will ask us to punish the marauders. As we' are 600 miles off, and have not even agents who could tell us so much as whether there had been any such raid on Russian territory, we can do noth ing but promise to make representations at Cabul. Before these representations can reach the Ameer, we phnll hear by telegraph that the raids have been repeated, and that Colonel Alikhanoff has been ordered up to the scene of the foray " with instruc tions." What these instructions aro will'depend upon the extent of pressure which it is necessary to employ to convince Lord Salisbury that the British Empire is after all of more value than Austrian interests in Bulgaria. If we wero sensible and not nervous, wc should sit still and let Alikhanoff deal with the marauders as best he could, following them, if need be, across tho frontier, and defiling the sacred soil of the Ameer with the hoof of tho Infidel. As we aro not sensible, but are very ner vous, we shall fly into a rage, bluster about making the infraction of Afghan territory a caustis belli, order troops out to India, nind begin to prepare for a countermove in Afghanistan. Meanwhilo the wily Muscovite will, rub his hands and chortle in his joy to see how admirably the charm works, and how completely the shadow of an advance across the Afghan frontier convulses England with pre parations for war. That is not a position which is endurable by sensible people. The Russians do not want to conquer Afghanistan. But if wo aro hostile they will do their level best to tempt «s into ,it; and if wa are no wiser in, the futuro than we have been in the past, we shall inevitably fall into the snare which has been sot before our eyes. "What, then, is our true policy in Afghanistan ? Obviously, in the first place, to cultivate friendly rolationB with Russia, and, in tho second, not to bo too fidgetty about infractions of tho frontier. Wc have no right to expect any frontier to be kept saqro-sanct and intact which we refuse to police. If we will not or cannot shoot the rascals who raid the Russian's cows, then Russian ..will shoot them himself, not caring whether to do s'o he has or has not to cross the boundary line which Sir Peter Lumsden has marked out. If ho is wise, ho will for his own sake return to his own side when the robbers have been disposed of ; but if, as is probable, he is not wise, and trios to annex Afghan territory, so much tke worse for him and tho better for ub. Tho first Infidel who enters Afghanistan makes his opponent a present of tho alliance of all the Afghan tribes, for the Afghans are ever the friends of tho second comer. If England and Russia aro to bo enemies, then the first move in the gamo of each is to luro the other into the defiles of tho Afghan mountains. The Russians understand that perfectly, and will act upon it. If they advance they will not go further than Herat, and the watershed of tho Heri-Rud. Unfortunately the English have no otherjdea as to Afghanistan than that of keeping the Russians out-the very thing that suits them best and us least." " Thoroin.I think my friend spoko the simple truth.J We are, by our insane and insensato in dulgence' in tho cult ef an archaio and obsolete ; prejudice, deliberately barring against ourselves the gates of what might bo our best market in Europe. Said a foreign resident in Russia with whom I discussed tho question, "You are per fectly right; the commercial question is domin ated by the political. You in England have to ehooso whether you profer to be doing good busi ness with the Russian or to be perpetually stick ing pins in his hido. You can do either tho one or tho other; you cannot do both. Th<5 more 1 see of this conntry the more I am lost in amazement and indignation at tho speotaole. which it presents. With Siberia and the Caucasus it is almost as vast a mine of undeveloped wealth as the United States of America, It litorally teems with all the raw material, the undeveloped potentialities of wealth. Its population is barely sufficient to till the soil, but it can produce grain enough to feed all Europe. The country, 'however, has at present neither the men nor tho money for the develop ment of its enormous resources. England is burst ing with capital seeking in vain for profitable employment, and every profession is overrun with mon who might find amplo opportunity for employing their energies in opening up Russia. Tho two empires supplement each other. Each has everything tho other wants. But because of this ourscd habit of snapping and snarling at each other's lieols, this religious or irreligious cult of tho devil of national projudico and animosity, the rotations botwoon them dwindlo. and tlioy aro gradually drifting into an nttitudo of increasing isolation. Tho Russian peasant cannot feed the London artisan, nor can tho ShofHclcl cutlers sell their knives to tho Russiun peasant, because why ? Because a set of God- forsaken wrotches with pens in thoir hands in St. Petersburg and in London koop on day after day gibing at eaoh other, maligning each other, and imputing all manner of j evil against England or against Russia, until on each sido it begins to be believed that their first duty to each other is not to oxohange produots for manufactures, and establish good rotations based upon mutual intorohango of surplus com modities, but to oxohango insults and to prepare to interchange shots. If Jomini would hang all the editors in tho interests of peaco, I would offer them all up as a burnt offering upon tho altar of trado.'" FLOUR.-At the'beginning of the present year Mr. H. 0, Matthews o£ the Acme! Roller Mills, Bathurat, remodelled his mill, to the Hungarian Full Roller system, and tho now dust has been gaining fresh frionds daily, and is now to be found in ovovy bake-house of importance in tho metropolis the suburbs, and along tho Western lino. With those who havo already.tried it, the opinion seems to be that to use the Aome Patent Roller Flour is to hiwo n largo, light, (wo do not mean under weight) and snow-whito loaf. Of oourse all other mill pro* duee is obtninablo from tho mill, and Mr, Matthews will bo pleased to answer all enquiries, * 