MASTER oflOYM Fop Love's Sweet Sake. CHAPTER LI.— (Continued.) ' " Bo good to you — and not to you alone. I heard the truth to-night, my dearest. Ah, do not look so pained ! I am glad — now. You will not blame me, though you ought, for, oh, love, I have felt sometimes that Yietor wrote that letter — yes, even in spite of try ing to believe in some vague somebody 1 could not fix upon 1 That you did it never for one moment dwelt in my thoughts after that day upon the cliffs, when you told me who you were and why you went to Cornwall. But, oh, Jolette, how could I guess the truth, and that, just as you had borne for her he bore for you ? But I know — oh, my beloved, I know all the truth >" " I told you," she whispered, " that Yietor had not written it." 'But only in a way to condemn yourself, and that I never believed. But I know now, my love ; and T shall always remember that brave act of Victor's." " Mr. Bayne told you ?" " Yes " — .very slowly — " lie told me. Love, do you remember how you said to me, 1 The sunshine sweeps across my life again.' I never shall forget that. And you are 'happy now, my own beloved ?' " Piers," she asked, looking up in sad surprise, " why do you sigh ? It seems so strange — in you !" " Did I sigh 1" he asked, gently kiss ing tho wistful lips. " Perhaps this good night reminds me of what a part ing — might be. I was an ungrateful fellow, though, if I sighed. I remem ber — though it is a shame to remem ber it just now, isn't it, love? — how in the old times this summer I was for ever haunted by your step or voice or laugh. Oh, I remember it so well ! I often took myself to task, feeling it would make me only more cowardly to bear my solitary future. But if I were to be without you now !" "As you are not," she smiled. " Piers, how good it is to feel that will not be !" " Oh, love — my love ?" He held her from him, gazing down with a long, long gaze into her clear untroubled eyes ; then, 'with the dim ness of a great sorrow in his own, he clasped her to him once again, so that she could not see him — clasped her as if all would leave him when he let her go — and was silent and strong and tender in his great emotion. " Good night," he whispered then. ''Bid me good night, my own be loved." She would have lifted her arms to fiis neck but for the pain she bore so silently ; but her raised face was beau tiful in its pure deep tenderness .when she Boftly put her lips to his and whis pered what he told her. » # " I am so grieved, but Tresillyan is detained, and cannot go down with us this evening." It was only at the last moment that ' Mr. Bosistow had come up to the rail way- carriage, and lie had scarcely said the words and taken his seat before the train glided out of the Paddington station, and Mr. Bosistow's little party ' were on their way to Cornwall. " He will be vexed," said Mrs. Bo sistow, calmly. But he will soon follow. Have you seen him to-day 1" " No. Arnit came up to mo just as I was rushing to the carriage after seeing your traps safe. Be gave me a message ; that was all. I told him that wo had been expecting his master all day, and that if we had known we would have delayed our departure till morning. I should have been sorry ; but I would rather have done so. Tresillyan had mentioned no uncer tainty as to his being ready for this evening's mail. Had he to you, Jolette ?" " No, none," she answered, wonder ing because Sir Piers bad himself seemed anxious not to delay the return, but quite sure that important busi ness had kept him, and that ho would follow by the next mail. But the next day passed without bringing him, and the next, and the : next ; and Jolette's face grew a little | wistful and troubled in its watching, though she was always bright and sociable, and always knew he would come as soon as ever he was able. They had been back five days, with out a word from Sir Piers reaching them, when, in the October afternoon, Jolette walked from the little house ' they occupied, along tho road on which a: traveller would come out from Pen zance. It was irresistible to her to walk here daily, in her restless expec tation. She knew ho would come along this road to her ; and so at any hour she might meot him. For these few restless days she had strangely avoided tho sea — " childishly and ridiculously," she said to Rose, angry with herself. But Rose seemed to understand. Generally Rose would choose to go with her in these slow vain walks upon the eoach-road, but this afternoon Jolette had found her busily writing, and so would nob toll her she was going, for fear she should disturb herself to go. It was of Rose she was thinking so lovingly and gratefully,' as she went slowly along the silent road. She re membered the grave smile with which Rose had told her, on their last night in London — that night through which she had lain counting the hours in her pain — how she had that day had a letter from Mr. Daro, reminding her — ho had no need to toll her — how he loved her, and begging her to think whether she would let him tell her so once more on her return — to think just in her own time,- and he would nob trouble her again until she gave him leave. Jolette was recalling the calm, glad voice in which Rose had told of this simple and unselfish letter, when in that solitary walk of hers she paused, feeling that soon the dusk of the October afternoon would descend weirdly on the moors and cairns. She paused, unwilling, as it seemed, to turn so soon, and yet afraid of walking further, because the loneliness would make her think of sad things, and not of bright and glad home comings. She turned just where beside the road a high grim wall enclosed the hidden little tract which long before the Quakers had chosen wherein to lay their dead— a sad and silent spot. It had from the first held a strange sad fascination for Jolette ; and now in voluntarily she turned aside and walked slowly round outside the jealous wall, which, without gate or door, rose high and strong, hiding the dead from living eyes, and shutting the dead apart from all the living. It took her longer than it need have done, so thoughtfully and dreamily she went; and, when she came back to go upon her way, she wondered why the darkness fell so soon. She gave one look — she little, knew how yearning a " One — along the road that she was turning from ; then she stood still with hurrying breath, for she heard a horse's tread, and presently the rider would be seen. Suddenly she remembered it might nob be Sir Piers, and so she turned and walked quite swiftly on her homeward way, as if she never in her life had dreamed of loitering. "Be cause," she said to herself, " it might be a stranger." But she smiled as she said it, so happily she fancied it was :he. .01), certainly, it would be he ! Swift as it was the light step could not long keep in front of the horse man, who rode fast; and presently Jolette, breathing faster and faster, heard the animal close upon her, so close that if she would turn round she could see "Jolette" — the horse's steps were not noticed now, for its rider had dis mounted and, someone, leaving the horse in his eager joy to see her, faced her in the pale sad light, and took her hands in his — "Jolette, my own Jolette 1'' " Oh, Victor, come once more ! Dear Victor " Her eyes grew wide and large in an uncomprehended fear ; but her sweet voice was full of wel come. " Oh, I am so glad, my dear, dear friend ! And where— — " She paused abruptly. " Have you brought her too, Victor your wife ?" she finished simply and lovingly. " My wife !" he answered, with his glad eyes upon her face, " I am come for her, Jolette. Why do you jest ? Are you' ready for mo now, my wife, my own Jolette ?" CHAPTER LIT. In a strange sad silence, like the silence of a dream, Jolette walked at Victor's side along the unfrequented road, but she knew how full of glad ness was his silence ; while ho held her one hand closely in his own, his other hand clasping his horse's bridle under neath the bit. " How often and often, when you were but a little girl, have we walked just so, my own Jolette," ho said, speaking as if his heart were very full. "Yet I never felt quite sure of you, even with your hand in mine. You would dart oft so suddenly some times — as you did once in tho park at Richmond, when you wore lost for hours. How long is it ago ? " "About five thousand years," she said in low still tones. "Your life, since childhood, doar, has been so full of trouble, has it not ?" he asked, reading the tone with keenest sympathy. And then the girl reproached her self for that one moment's weariness of spirit, and met his loving eager glanco with a sweet patient smile. If her life had been, as he said, full of trouble, had he not borne far more — and for her ? So her hand lay will ingly and restfully in his ; but she could not talk to him just yot ; and in his grave and simple way he under stood her silence by his own. i As they passed the church, the notes of the organ came out to them in a melancholy broken way, and presently in the blacksmith's forge they heard a man playing harshly on a cornet. Jo lette listened to each note, as if she needs must understand the tune and recollect it. " Silver threads," she said, with a sigh ; and Victor laughed at her for seeming relieved to have recalled the air. " Is this the inn ?" he asked, as they reached a low white house in the centre of the little church-town. "I will leave my horse here." J olotte stood without the door, wait ing for him. She read the sign above her — facing eastward, " The Last Hotel in England"; facing westward. "The First Hotel in England — and, because she could not see it all from whore she stood, she moved a little and read it carefully, as if she had not known every word and letter. " It is not really the first and last hotel in England," she said, when Victor gladly and hurriedly rejoined her. " There is one on the very Land's end." " I know, dear. "What do you say to walking on so far and having a look at the sea? I cannot bear the thought of sparing you to — everybody, just yet." " No," she said, shrinking from the thought of meeting Rose, yet trying to be brave and glad, and wish to stay only for Victor's sake. Through her homeward walk, before she had met him, the sea had lain on her left like a line of mist ; but she knew that they could reach tho coast before the sun set. It might be brighter — then, and perhaps she could listen — there. "That is where we are staying, Victor," she said, pointing to a road side house as they walked on. " Does the sea sound to you like distant chimes? They are just like the bells at home — in Warwickshire — so long ago." "You scarcely can remember that," he remarked. " You were so very little, dear. Talk of the time after wards, in London, when I was so often with you." "Yes," she said absently. "This little terrier always follows us, Victor; Stroke him. Isn't he a wistful little animal? He will follow you and mo now, I dare say." " I hope this further walk will not tire you, dear," observed Victor, wondering at her tone, and looking anxiously down upon her, as they walked from the road out upon the towering oliffs, while she looked far out,. watching a misty vessel gliding from beyond the dark outline of the rocks, as if it 'were a ghost, she thought, going to visit that land of the dead where she had sat so short a time ago. "I have so often longed to be here upon the cliffs with you, ray dear," he said, her hand once more in his and his face very earnest. "The very thought of you always brought me a delicious whiff of the sea air, and the beauty of its sunshine and its shadows — its gladness that is hope, and its stillness that is peace." " Oh, Victor, the stillness here is sorrowful, as if it held a soul in pain I" "Jolette, you remember how you said to me " " I remember," she answered very low and steadily, "all I have said. What are they, Victor, diving so noiselessly ? Shearwaters ? The red wing is here." "Yes, love. Of course I have only just heard of the destruction of that letter whieli the old man in his viru lence valued so highly. Have you ever been to Ivynance since that day, my own Jolette 1" " Once," she answered, watohing the foam beat high against the light light house walls, and then fold it in a cold and white embrace — " only once. It was a lovely day, Victor, and the sun shone mockingly upon the grandest, greenest sea I ever saw." "Why mockingly, dear one?" " Because " — she spoke with saddest thoughtfulness as she watched the sun drop to the sea — " the day before a young man had been drowned whilst bathing there ; and there was a boat out, and men dragging for the body. It was all beautiful, and yet so treacherous, Victor. The little boat rode bravely, even proudly, on the dazzling waves and up from the green hollows, on its sad course. One man lay over its edge looking through his glass down through the sunny waters for And one stood ready with the rope — you understand ? And two were rowing calmly, as if they only fished. Oh, I wish I had not gone 1" "My dear," said Victor, tenderly, " this has been a most sad year for you. I must tempt you away for change ; and surely my love and care will soon give you back your old high spirit, my J olette." \- She did not answer ; and he looked down upon her, wondering a little at the paleness of her quiet face, but see ing in her eyes onlyanolddreamyfar-off gaze he well remembered in other sun set hours. (to be continued.) 