HE SEES A. GHOST. WONT ENTER THE HOUSE AGAIN. [No notice, so far as we havo observed, has been taken of tho following extraordinary evidence given at tho inquest on Wednesday last. It throws a significant light upon tho troubled sleop and scared awakenings mentioned above, and it is possible nature bus a way of hor own of pnniahiug a callous neartou Druto.j Thomas Lambert, builder's labourer, 4 Regent-street, Prahran, deposed: Shortly after Christmas, either the week between Christmas and New Year, or the following Tuesday, I was standing at the cornor of Hotham-street, and a person drovo along in a spring.cart and hailed me. Mr. Walsh : Would you know that person again ? Witness : Yes, ho is sitting at the end of tho table. Witness continued : He was driving a horse in a spring-cart. He askod me if I wanted a job. I said ' yes,' and he told mo to jump up. Whon I asked him whoro he was going, ho said that he didn't know the name of the street, but he know the house. We pulled up at Uniou-stroetand 1 mentioned tho names of soveral streets, but he could not recogniso them. Ho said 'Will you have a drink ?' and gave me Is to got him some brandy and have what I liked myself. After this we drove back to where wo came from, and turned up towards Raleigh-street, then he eaid ' I know where I am now,' and drovo straight to 57 Andrew-street. I stopped in the cart, and ho opened tho door, which took him a lot of tiuio. Ho had not been in a minute, when ho came rushing out. I said ?'. What's tho matter?' Ob,' lie re plied, ' I thought the horse was bulling. ' I said, ' Never mind tbe horse, I'm holding Mm, he's all right.' He- replied, ' I'll hold tho horse; you go in and get tho boxes.' I went inside into tbo passage and tried them. Then I told him that they were too heavy for me, and that he would havo to give mo a hand, but bu replied, ' Never mind ; get them out into tho passage.' I dragged them out, and ho finally came inside, and he pushing and I pulling, wo cot them into thu street. There were two cane hampers, a travelling trunk, two portinanteaUB, and other things. When wo got them into the cart the load was light on, and I said : 'You'll havo to staiid on tho shafts.' He said : ' Oh, it will be all right when we get out of tho guttor.' I askod him where he w»s going, and bo said to Richmond. Then he gave inoa shilling, remarking, ' I expect that will be enough for you.' ? I saw that ho had droppod his whip and ran after him with it. Ho took it, saying, ' Ah, I could not get on without this.' Then he drove, away towards the St. Kilda roud. 