Building* Notes. MR. J. J. LEAHY'S CONTRACTS Among those engaged in the building trade Mr. J. J. Leahy accupies a pro minent place. He has erected several important structures in the city and suburbs, and has at present several large works on hand. Among the buildings completed by Mr. Leahy are the Dominican Convent, at Cabra, and the Bank of New South Wales, King William Street, and there are now approaching completion, under his supervision, the additions to the General Post Office, St. Peters Anglican Cathedral, and the Church of the Per Setual Adoration, in connection with the Dominican Priory, North Adelaide. In company with the contractor we paid a cursory visit to these works a few days ago. The additions to the Post Office are at present veiled by the scaffolding in King William Street, but, when the obstruction is removed and the structure completed, the G.P.O. will be one of the finest of the kind in Australia. The design is in accord with the older por tion of the building. The Anglican Cathe dral is being erected in instalments. Mr. M, Mannion has the contract for the lower portion. Mr. Leahy's contract brings the walls of the building to their full length, but the two towers which adorn the front have to be added. The dressed stone used is brought, from Murray Bridge, but the caps are from Mount Summers, N.Z., a handsome stone, first, introduced into South Australia by Mr. Leahy. Another very beautiful stone, from the same locality, is used in the columns in the front of the structure. It is- a pretty 'pink color, and produces a striking effect in contrast to the yellow stone of the walls. The next place visited was the church which is being erected by the Dominican Nuns, adjoining their con vent and school, 'North Adelaide. The good sisters have obtained an acre of land ' here, on which were foiir cottages, one "of which has been removed to make room for the church; -the ethers are used as a convent and school. The new church, which is nearly completed, will be a vety haiukome struc ture. The design was furnished in the first place by a Melbourne firm, but lias . ..TTTTT been ^adapted to requirements by .Mr. E. J. Woods, ^ho 1 has generously pre sented a beautiful stained window, representing St. Rose' of Lima. Mr. J. J. Leahy has promised a com panion window- in .honor of* St. Catherine of Sienna.. The church, which is in the Gothic style, Will comprise ' a chapel 60 x 28. SSu'ctuary externs and sacristies is all that iis ' to be erected at present, but it only forms one side of the quadrangle of' theproppsed priory. It is dedicated to the Holy Ghost and is the first chapel in the Australian colonies dedicated to the Perpetual Adoration of Our Lord in the Blessed Sacrament. It will be unique in' another respect also, as it is intended to have it consecrated immediately when completed. We believe it will be the first church in South Australia consecrated, as before this impressive ceremony can be performed it is necessary that the church consecrated should be completed in every respect and out of debt. It is hoped that these con ditions will be fulfilled by the time Mr. Leahy's contract is finished. As far as the latter requirement is concerned with respect to the debt, CathoUcs are earnestly appealed to to assist the nuns of St. Dominick priory in their good work by donations in aid of the building fund. We were shown the Tabernacle which is to adorn the chapel, and which is a most artistic piece of Repousse work, beautifully jewelled. It is imported from the cele brated Birmingham firm of Hardman and Co. 