FRANCE. THE GOVE^NftfTCNT \~NT- THE AECH BISHOP OF AIX. THE rJlOBECUTION 1'ROCERDINGS. The Paris correspondent of tbe London Stan dard, Nov. 25, eends tho following :— It will be recollected that in October last Mgr. Goutho-Soulard, Archbishop of Ai;:, wrote a strongly-worded reply to the circular of the Minister of Public Worship, inviting the Episco pate to refrain from participation in pilgrimages to Home, in consequence of the disturbance caused by some real or fancied insult being offered by one or ni^ro of the pilgrim.3 to the memory of Victor Emmanuel. The Archbishop twitted the Minister with having peuce on his lips, but hatred and persecution ill his heart. This was considered as ' on insult to a Magistrate of the Administrative order in tbe exercise of bia InnotionCj' racl JO was determined to prosecute the Aschbicbop before the Const o£ Correctionr.1 Polieo. ? The case catno on to-day. These wns a large SGSombly, ia which nrieoto 'era numerous, in the outoj? hello and lobbies o£ the Palaio cle Justice, t-hilG tlio court itself waa denoely crowded. ?Mgr. Gouthc-Sonl^id, who arrived punctually at booh., wee gueated with great reverence. Ho is a .tollman, o£ dinfcinguished appearance, with re fined cad cocotic features, and ailver-wbite hair, Hio violet robes were portly concealed by an ordinary black cassock,, but Ma epiocope.1 rank wag marted by n hodvy gold chain, supporting' a CEUCifin. . Tho Preoidenfc interrogated Mm very briefly. ?He acknowledged having wi'itfcea the letter, but denied any inoulting iatenti a. He then read a -ghost defence, maintaining that., in writing this letter, which undoubtedly conveyed cenasire of .-the Minioter, he exercised aa undoubted night, ilfc was. impossible for him to be oilent after what Jbad pDooed at Eome, after the suppression of the salaries o2 village prieats, after the driving out from theis? homeo o£ religious congregations, and, above oil, after the 'orcible incorporation of .stndents for the priesthood into the Army.- Ho \ would have espreBoed himself with equal freedom hod he bad to deal with, an Emperor ov King instead of a Bepublic. He had used hie right as ;& Bishop and &' Frenchman, and bad no more to . say. The Pi'ocureur-General (M. de Beaurepaire) 'then addressed the Courb £oe the prosecution, and Moitre Boiosard for the defence. These gleadiDgs were terminated at four o'clock, but the Magistrates did not return into Court with their judgment till haK-past six. The Arch bishop vaa condemned to pay a fine of three thousand francs. No criea were raised in Court, 'but wben Mgc. Gouthe-Soulard withdrew he was surrounded in the corridors by a noisy ?crowd, which, wbea he reached the grand flight o£ stoics leading to the Place Dauphine, became insulting. Some o£ his most determined iproBecutora followed the Archbishop's carriage a '. long distance. 