THE LATE REV. C. H. SPURGEON. Reference to the death of the Rev C. H Spur- geon was general throughout the churches in the city and suburbs on Sunday, the 7th February. In a number of churches special memorial sermons were preached the pulpits in many cases being draped in black At the Bathurst- street Baptist Church a special sermon was preached in the even îng by the Rev Chas Bright, his text being, Acts xi , 24, " For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Ghost and of faith and much people was added unto tho Lord " The Rev James Hill preached at the Bourke street Congregational Church in the evening, his text being St John, chap i , 6th verse, " There was a man sent by God ' He referred to the good done by Mr Spurgeon, and said that in his death the Christian cause had received a great blow A memorial ser vice was held at the Pitt-street Congregational Church, with appropriate hymns and anthems The Rev W Stott preached at St Andrew's Cathedral in the morning touching reference was made by the Dean to the death of the great preacher. At the other services also the matter was touched upon. At St Stephen's Phillip street, the Rev Dr Steel preached a special sermon in the morning, his text being St John v , 35 " He was a burning and a shining light." Many other appropriate sermons wore preached, especially in the Baptist and Congregational churches, and a memorial service was held in the Burton-street Tabernacle. A memorial service was held by the Baptist Union of New South Wales in the Bathurst-street Baptist Church on Thursday even ing, the 11th February. The chairman of the union (Mr James White) conducted the service, and nearly all the Baptist ministers of the city and suburbs took part. Pulpit, choir, gallery, and organ were heavily draped in black, while a large sized portrait of the deceased, surmounted by a handsome wreath of flowers, occupied a prominent position in tho front of the pulpit. There was a large congregation. The Rev F Hibberd, the oldest student in the Australasian colonies from the Pastors' College, delivered the memorial ad- dress 