BROADBRIM'^ NEW YORK LETTER. Almost eight hundred and fifty years have passed since Strongbow of the Iron Hand hare down to the earth the wretched natives between Bantry Bay and the Hill of Ho.wth. From that day to this the des cendants of these natives have been clamor ing for homo rulo, and that they have not obtained it is not the fault of Englishmen, but Irishmen every time. It was Irishmen that beat Irishmen at the Boyne and Vinegar HilL It was Irishmen that betrayed Irishmen in '98. It was Irishmen that betrayed Irishmen again, in '48. It was Irishmen who lately beat out Irish men's brains in the city of Cork, and Irish men right here in the city of New York, where they are guaranteed every liberty and every right, where they have home rule to their heart's content-are ready to kill other Irishmen who do not think exactly as they do. To-day it is not the question of Papist or Orangemen, but McCarthy and ParnelL Parnell is dead and buried, bat what of that ?. His: ghost stalks, abroad more potential to-day than when he led his fol lowers with blackthorns in Wicklow, or thundered against the Sassenach in the British House of Commons. A meeting- of home rulers was called here on Monday night, and to understand the character of the call it is only necessary to say that the call received the unqualified end.0rsem.s3it of those eminent Irish patriots -Eugene Kelly.and Thomas Addis Emmetfc. In all this land there is not an Irishman whose heart has beat with a holier or purer patriotic fire than Eugene Kelly's- In season and oat of season,, in summer's heat and winter's cold, he has labored for the benefit of his native land, and aside from his personal work he bas given more in hard cash to the Irish cause than any other Irishman in the United States. Archbishop Corrigan honored the meeting by his attendance, and there were a number of other influential Irishmen whose names have been foremost in every good work for Ireland for the past thirty years. The high character of, the men who called the meet ing would have commanded the respect o£ a tribe of savages; but as soon as the meeting was commenced a party of dyna miters expressed their intention to rule the meeting, and declare it for physical force and dynamite bombs or break it up. Dr. McGIynn occupied a prominent seat on the floor, directly in front of the platform, and it was the first time that Archbishop Corrigan. and himself had met for some years. It was evident from the start that there were- rival factions ia the hall* who were only kept from seizing each other by the throat by the clubs of the police. Captain Williams, knowing the crowd with which he had to deal, brought down a platoon of picked men armed with long night sticks, ready for the fray, which soon occurred. The appearance of Archbishop Corrigan was the signal for three cheers from the woll-disposed and respectable portion of the audience?. this was answered by a storm of hisses and loud shouts for Cheers tor I\»ther McGIynn and ParnelL "Captain Williams and his bluecnats took in the situation at a gianc% and dashing into the turbulent crowd, seized the disturbers hy the back of the neck, and sent them spinning into the street. For a few moments there was comparative quiet; when the name of Gladstone was mentioned the riot broke out afresh, hisses, cat calls, and other disgraceful demonstrations turned the halt into pandemonium, and made the decent men who bad called the meeting sick at heart. At last, by sheer force, clubs being trumps,. Captain Williams: knocked adl the fight out of thedynamiters, and a collection was taken to aid the cause of Irish Home B.ule-tlie total amount of which was something over eight thousand dollars. Eugene Kelly sending his cheque for a thousand j the dynamiters not sub scribing a single cent. It is shocking in view of the suffering in their native land, and of the millions, that have been expended to. secure her the bless ings of home rule, that aparcel of ignorant, brutal ruffians cannot restrain their evil passions long enough to allow others, who will, to subscribe the means with which to effect her salvation. (Sod help- Ireland if home rule is ever accorded her, and is con trolled by the ruffians who tried to break up.the Cooper Institute meeting! It is well enough to teach these fellows that the tactics that answered their practices ii Dublin, Belfast and Cork, will not answer | in New York. Where any party that I wishes to call a meeting to aid Ireland,: or I any other oppressed people, may do it, and ) do it in peace-even if we have to hammer i common sense into the thick skulls of the I ruffians who would break up their meeting j with the clubs of the police. God save . Ireland. i It has been a lively and interesting week with our Methodist brethren-fie New York conference meeting in this city, and the East New York conference m efcing in the city of Brooklyn. A Methodist confer ence is always interesting from the tact that it is made up of bright, clear-headed, sharp, aggressive men, who know just exactly what to say,andarenota£raidtosay it. Bnt they are human after all, as was clearly illustrated by the proceedings of the New York conference on Thursday. Some one-nobody knew just exactly who-had been writing- a series of anonymous letters, reflecting on a number of the members ? of the conference, which if substantiated would disqualify them from sitting in that body. When the subject was broached there waa a roar of disapprobation, and in an instant fifty ministers were on their feet, all wildly gesticulating and trying to be heard. Bishop Foss had presided over clamorous crowds before, and they might just as well have tried to rattle the Bock of Gibraltar-- He soon restored quiet, and on enquiry as to the cause of the row, it was discovered that one half of the members were attacked, in the letters, and the other half were suspected of writing them. The grievance appeared to be that 'several ministers had formed themselves into a close corporation to keep all the good places in the church for themselves, -while their younger brothers, who had no pull, were compelled to feed upon husks; or, at least, this was the allegation,and one thirg seemed to be settled by common consent at the start, and that was the offender, who ever he was, was a member of the con ference. Of course, every minister present denied that -he was the man, and while " every fellow felt sure of his own ixtnoeence, he wasn't quite so sore of the innocence of the other fellows. At last suspicion settled down to a single member, Dr. King. He declared himself innocent, and triumphantly. vindicated himself amid thunders of applause. One of the disturbing elements to agitate the conference^ which like the ghost of Banquo will not go down, was the subject of increased lay representation, and of granting laymen increased power in that body. The older ministers are bitterly opposed to granting more power to laymen than they have at present, and the same class has stood like a wall of steel against having women participate in their counsels. The moment you speak to any of these old ministers about admitting women to 1he conference, up bobs S.G. Paul commanding women to be silent in the churches. On Friday Doctor Chauncey Shaffer, a most excellent divine, and one of the ddest ministers in the methodist church, made one of Ins characteristic speeches about laymen and women. It was sub stantially the same speech that he delivered ill the conference of 1845, and which, he has been delivering at every conference ever since. The intelligence, education and energy of the church is in favor of woman's co-operation and of a larger lay representa tion. A lay delegate pot it in such a way as to earry conviction of the injustice which laymen suffered when he said: It seems to me a palpable injustice that the vote <£ one man should offset the vote of 120 men j every one of whom is as vitally interested in the welfare and success of the church as he is, and to whom the church must look for its support. Grand reports of successful work came m from every quavier. The labor among the freed men and women of the south being especially gratifying. This is to be one- of the grand harvest fields of the Methodist Church ; they feel that the sheaves are ripo and ready for the sickle. Every new con ference shows an improvement over the one that preeeded it. In both conferences they were a splendid body of Christian workers, of which any church might well feel proud; no doubt of its prosperity and success when guided by such able pilots. The report of the grand jury this week made the ears of oar poliee and police officials tingle, and caused a profounder sensation in the office of the district attor ney than their late arraignment by Doctor Paekhurst. In fact the report stated that they found the statements made by Dr. Parkhurst true. They found that the poliee took bribes from saloons, gambling hells, and houses of prostitution to secure them immunity in their nefarious pursuits, and it named the clerk of the police court as the person who sent out notice to the gamblers when their dens were to be raided. Ten thousand complaints of viola tion of the excise law are pigeon-holed is the office of the district attorney, and notorious violators of the law walk the streets unwhipped of justice. Brutal prize fights take place every night in the week under the protection of the police, and only last Saturday night at the Grand Army Hall in Brooklyn, two brutal toughs, battered each other to pieces in the presence of 1,500 spectators,-, while fifty police and their captain looked on, as the brutes tore and gouged each, other like savage dogs. Dr. Parkhursfs great eermoa already begins to bear fruit. On Saturday night every saloon, in the city closed its doors at twelve; the lights were all put out and for th.& first time in the memory of living- men it was a difficult thing to get- a glass of whiskey or beer on Sunday morning- A notice has been sent by the Liquor Dealers* Association that more money must be paid to the police; and as a gratifying improve msnt in our observance of the Sabbath, I see that no sacred concerts will be allowed in the future with less than two ounce gloves, and in every instance the Marquis of Queensberry*s rules must be strictly observed. Sing-Sing will not be permitted unless for a knock out. Handsprings and jigs are forbidden, traless: accompanied by saered music, such as " McGinty'fe at the Bottom of the Say," "Little Annie Rooney,** or " Mulligan's Wake." With this gratify ing evidence of progress, it is evident that we are getting on, and I now begin to thi-ik wid Brother jasper, "Datdesun do move. * March that came in like a lion went out like the meekest of lambs, and it really seems as if spring had come at last. The streets are thronged with people, the stores are full» aaid business of all kincfe good. Several formidable strikes have made things lively with builders, bat we have got so used to the walking delegate now we would not know what to do without him. CLEOPATRA'S NEEDLE, IN LONDON Am. Mr. Matthews, the Home Secretary, has maAe a curious and interesting statement a.'oonfc Cleopatra's Needle. Mr. Matthews say& that the Loudon atmosphere- has affected the needle to the depth of an eighth of an inch. Now, the needle has been on the Embankment for some sixteen years.. As the hieroglyphics are- cut to a depth of a little more than two, inches, it follows on Mr. Matthews's showing that the needle will be ruined in a little more than a. century. " Why, Jimmy/* said one professional beggar-to another, "are you going to knock oS£ already ? It's only two o'clock." " So, you mutton-head," responded the other, who was engaged unbuckling his wooden l?g; "I'm only going to put it-on the other knee. You don't suppose a fellow can beg; all day on thj- same l«'.g, do you ?" Haroun al Raschid in 1802 sent to* Charlemagne, among other presents from Bagdad, a clock of curious workmanship. The first clock with a balance was made by De Vick in 1364, and the first with a pen dulum in 1641. Watehes with springs were firsi made at Nuremberg, about. 1477, but the first successful application of a spring to watehes was by Dr. Hooke, in. 1 1858.. 