BILL AND THE BURGLAR. A DTJLWICH HILL EPISODE. Hunting for the Marauder. Neighbors to the Eesotte— Scaring the Housebreaker— A New Year's . Eve Sketch. / It was New Year's Eve and the scene Dulwich Hill— that delightful suburb adja cent to Petorshum. Everything was quiet, notwithstanding the year's termination. Cottagers were content with home comforts instead of parading tho streets headed by some tuneless tin-whistle, concertina or cast- au Kerosene tin. Arouna street nothing disturbed the evening's harmony save the croaking of frogs or tho mono tonous chorus of tho bloodthirsty mos- quitoB, All nature seemed at rest. When everything is quiet, particularly at the close of the year, one's fancy soars on magic wings— now rests here, there and everywhere— dwelling on "Home, sweet home" — thinking of loved ones gone to the golden shore, or perhaps a "Nearer ono, dearer still than all other." "I-am at my old lunes," as Byron says. However, as I have a story to tell, yes, a little comedy performed by unintentional performers; although nature seemed asleep and disinclined to be disturbed. In street, of tho Dulwich suburb, there stands, attached to several others, a neat little cottage, occupied by a young couple, who have only been married about 12 months. The cottage was neat and clean, and showed the young wife to be industrious. In the cradle lay the offspring of love's affection.' The loving mother gazed with fond eyes on tho little earthly cherub as she rocked the cradle to and fro, singing the very same ditty Eve sang when she tried to "raise Cain," that very wicked man who slew Abel because his (Abel's) smoke went straight heavenwards, whilst Cain's strayed around looking for an owner and making it rough for all kinds of animal life and sore eyes particularly. She sang:— Hush-a-bye baby, on the tree top, When tho wind blows the cradle will rook, When the bough breaks the baby will fall, Then down comes the baby, cradle and all. The proud parent also gazed. The little fellow lay unconscious. But now and then he would twist his face and cry. Then the mother . would rook the cradle harder, speaking to the baby in some foreign tongue : — " Now, didnm-do-it. Hootsie, tootsie, whatsie upsie withsie dearsie. My own little pot," Then tho baby would go to sleep. Again the parents' eyes would gaze at the little fellow. W hat were their thoughts about? WaB he to bo a second Michael Angelo or a Julius Cieaar; aShake- speare or a Columbus? Who could tell? Anyhow, in their eyes, he was tile greatest boy born. At last the baby's sound asleep ; and then the clock strikes 12. The husband kisses hiB wife, wishing her a " Happy New" Year," and. both .kiss, the baby, and all retire to rest. It is not long before— Sleep, that knits up the ravell'd skein of care, The death of each day's life, sore labor's batb, Balm of hurt minds, great nature's second course ; „ Chief nourisher in life's feast — takes charge of the loving family. And the snore, the beautiful snore, filled the room from ceiling to floor, and they kept at it in a manfully and womanly manner, driving "Paddy's pigs" to market with a right good will. One of Bill Noname's peculiarities was his fondness of greyhounds. He generally had four or five about his place, but be had a particular fondness for a black slut, yclept Gipsey. This slut never barked, but she had another method of protecting herself. She would quietly creep behind tbe intruder and yank off the calf of his leg in a very buBiness-like fashion. That is one of tho reasons the people around Dnlwich Hill don't wear calves, bnt substitute cast- iron leggings. Having so many watchful guardians in the backyard Bill felt as secure as if bo was in Darlinghurst. Not so his wife. She, woinan-like, always felt a pre monition that a tliief, fully equipped in burglar regimentals, would enter their abode and gag and rob them of everything from the poker to tho bedstead ; then break open the cupboard and chew np everything irom tno spring cnicnen to tne coal-scuttle. No doubt on account of this timidity Mary (Bill's wife) was not a sound sleeper. One moment she would be freo from the cares of the world, and the next grappling with a desperate thief. She seemed to be in one of her restless humors on this New Year's Day morning, twisting this way and that, sometimes giving a faint cry, and after a while sleeping soundly as if she in tended to defy burglars to do their worst. But it was not to be. Something caught her ear. She listened and set upright, footsteps going up the passage. She gave Bill an awfnl dig in the ribs that perhaps would have made an elephant elevate his trunk. But Bill snored on. ' His wife listened again. Ob, yeB ; burglar right enough, and a brazen one too. She gathered up all her strength and shook the somnolent Bill like an aspen leaf, uttering at the same time, " Oh; Bill-Bill— Bill— Billy— Billy, dear — dear Billy." That fetched Bill. He gathered himself up slowly, but surely, rubbed his eyeB, and said, "What — what — what— what the — the dev — — what is it, Mary ?" "Oh, Bill — Bill; I believe you'd sleep if tho house was on fire ; if a tornado burst in tho back yard ; if a cyclone came down the chimney and upset our dear little haby, and perhaps blew hiB lungs out. You wouldn't care. Bill— Bill," and she shook him again, for Bill had dropped to sleep amidst the hurricane. " What-ish-it?" replied Bill. "Burglars— Bill— burglars. Qli, Bill- Bill. Listen t Listen 1 Listen 1" Mary put her right hand on Bill's arm, holding up the left. "Go to sloop, Mary. Ain't burglars. Let 'em burglar. Sleep, Mary." 1 Mary was not going to Bleep. She again handled hor husband like Cyr would one of Stanley's "little men." " What's the goud of shakin' me like that. No burglar there, Mary. Besides, the dogB will take him in charge." " I thought you loved mo, Bill. You know yon sworo to protect me, and wo'ro only . bean 12 months married, and'you desert mo and leavo, mo to the mercy of burglars. If I thought you were a man like that I would ; never bnvc been your wife. Talk about ! dogs. The dogs won't protect me. Besides, i you must bo a ninny if you think burglars , can't fix up dogs. All tho dogs aro dead, Bill. I heard Gipsey give her last gaBp just nnder the window, Bill. Then all the dogs died ono after tho other ; then the burglars came in tho yard. The dogs aro poisoned, Bill— Bill (Bill had gone to sleep again). Tho dogB are poisoned. List! Tho burglars aro coming in tho back door." Bill was somothing like other mortals who are married and know full well that their wives aro not to be fooled with, and, being a man of average common sense, he thought it tho wisest plan to knuckle down to his wifo's wish. Accordingly ho raised himself, gavo a fond look at his wife and babe, and sallied forth to conquer or die. When ho got to tho passage door ho listen ted attentively, but no sound caught his ear. He then turned tho knob ' of tho door cautiously, and opened it slowly. With the courage of a hero he poked his head into the kitchen and opened his optics to their full extent, but nothing in the shape of 'a burglar appeared iu view. William's pluck then assorted itself in spile of himself. He walked boldly across the kitchen, peered into the back yard, and all the live stock in view consisted of dogs, tion. Seizing a poker, and accompanied by Gipsey and her companions, he determined to mop the back yard with a burglar, and regain tho good opinion of his wife. Opening the pantry door with all tho pluck imaginable Bill smote right and left. Tho dogs jumped this way and that ; upset saucepans, frying- pans, tarts, cakes and everything within reach. Now and then the squeak of a rat could be heard. Bill thought tho burglar was asking for mercy. " Die, you dog, die," said Bill, and he smote with renewed vigor, and the dogs worried more than evor. Over wqnt the milk, flop went tho butter, Rover carried off the chicken, and Gipsey assisted herself to custard and jellies, whilst the other brave dogs set ambled for the fruit and debris. "I'll chop you to pieces, you villain. There won't be two whole pieces together." Then ho renewed the onslaught— slashed, bashed and cursed — urged the dogs on, and finally fell down exhausted. And all was quiet once more. " I ve settled hhn. No burglars will ever enter my backyard again. I guess this will be a lesson for all future burglars. Never will there be a burglar in Dulwich Hill after this night's slaughter." And Bill walked up and down the backyard with the pride of his satanic majesty. Ho even thought the dogs looked on admiringly as they licked their . jaws after their feast and wagged their tails with evident satis faction. Bill, however, thought, after cooling down, that it was a terrible thing to bo a murderer. The situation began to dawn upon him. Who would believe that tho man intended to commit robbery? No jury in the world. Ho would have to hang. Accordingly, he struck a match to oe.e if tho man could bo- recognised. What was. his astonishment to perceive that instead of pieces of a burglar there were the remnants of the New Year's Day dinner and a conple of dead rats. Disgusted but at the same time consider ably relieved from the thoughts of being a murderer, Bill wended his way back to his bodroom. He was surprised when he found that his wife was not there. Thero lay the little cherub, quite un concerned. Bill, imagining that hiB wife went for assistance, quietly turned into bed, and was once more in tho arms of Morpheus. When Bill went into tho kitchen to fight tbe desperado, and when the work of demolishing commenced, his wife, deeming discretion tho better part of valor, ran out of the front door, covering several yards at each bound. Nor did she slack in her paco nntil she informed the neighbors that Bill was wrestling with a million burglars, and- that ho had chawed np half of them, but waa now getting slightly weak from exertion and wunted slight assistance to exterminate the remainder. Little recked she whether her costume were of tho orthodox visiting character. Assistance she wanted, and assistance she would have. If none else would venture, she determined to walk to Sydney. The tears flowed copiously, and that is always enougn to maKo tne rankest coward brave. Some five of the bravest men of tho locality were to the fore. They were armei with various weapons — brooms, axes, pokers and bellows, and in nearly every stage of dress ing. It was as motley a crew as ever was out of Call an Park. But the cause was good, aud what cared they whether thoy left five unprotected females or not. Their mission was an honorable one. The captain of the team mustered his men at the gate of Bill's domicile, and gave instructions as to the plan of campaign. Two men were poBted at the front gate and two at tho back, while ho went in to seek tho enemy. After making friendly with the dogs (for the animals wore well acquainted with him) he sought high and low, but not a burglar of any description could be Been. Eccling disgusted, ho rapped at the side window to inform Bill that his wifo was in his placo. It was Bomo time beforo he could get an answer, and when he did get one it was of a substantial character. Bill heard the knocking, quietly went-out of tho back door, seized tho potstick (the first available weapon), walked cautiously up to tho captain of tho rescue party and dealt him a tremendous blow on tho sido of the head, whicli abbreviated oho of his ears by a couple of inches. As Bill stood over tho prostrate captain his attention was directed to a noise at the side gate. There were tho captain's men making frantic efforts to get under, over, or through tho gato (for tho wily captain had securely fastened it). Bill, observing their efforts, beat a hasty retreat. It was nono too soon. The rear guard wcro fast scaling the back entrance, whiuh made Bill get along to his back door at 1.40 gait. It was the work of tho hundredth part of a second to barricado tho door, and iu another fractional part of a second Bill could be seen poking his nose from under tho bed at the least noise. And still the young babo slumbered on peacefully. It was some time beforo William felt quite comfortable, Ho breathed fast and heavily. His faco was not rose-tinted, nor his bands steady. Ho looked as if ho had beon read ing' Mr. Stead's real ghost stories. Something at. last caught his ear. ' Did ho know the voices ? Rather. He was himself again. It was his wife's sweot voice. Boldly he went to the front door. Thero she stood, clothed .in neighbors' shawls, petticoats and slippers, and surrounded by an army of friends, including the captain and his men. " Tliarfk God yon are safe, William.' My only bravo William," and Mrs. Mary Noname shed copious tears as she threw her arms around her hero. " You must have had a hard fight, Bill," said the captain. "There's a bnrglar in this neighborhood who can hit as hard as a donkey's hind hoof. But I beat him, and threo more besides. When the captain takeB a job on hand ho goes right through with it. Believe thero were five or six of 'em at me at once. I'd licked 'em all if that d villain didn't come up behind and shift my car. After he hit me, boys— yon may not believe it, but it is a fact — I saw millions of burglars." Bill's visage resumed its wonted good- humored expression aftor the captain's nar rative. He saw through tho whole thing, and ho smiled inwardly. " Yes, captain, I don't caro about telling the story to-night. I don't feel well ; got a terrible knocking. . about tho body. Good night, friends. A happy new year to all !" " Same to you," chorused the neighbors. 