A THRILLING EXPERI- ENCE. 1 had occasion come month* ago to go from a point a long distance up on tbe Covlitz Biver, across the country toward the lice cf t' e railroad. For moat of the distacce the read, cr ratbrr the track, led through a rough wild couctry, which wa« generally eovcred with heavy forests, and tangled impenetrable thickets of under brush. More than forty miles were to be traverred. 1 elaitcdvrry early—shortly bfter daylight. 1 was mounted on a small Indian pocy, cf a scrubby, ignoble breed. Lest 1 should not tw able to accomplish the journey In one day, or rai^ht not be able to resch some cabin a!ong tba rocte, 1 bad teken the precaution to strap a pair of while blankets behirdmy saddle. Theonly weapons 1 had were a small pocket pistol—eioglebarrelled—and a email two edged din. Oo starting 1 bad noticid that my pony «ti slightly lame. Thinking be would get over it when warmed np on the road, I pushed ahead. However, ' tbe lameness increased, and long before noon I found that I should have to abanCcn the horse and make tbe remainder of the journey on foot, il another arimal coald not be obtained. Ko horse could be ottained for love or money, so leaving the crippled pony and ths saddle nt A LOGGER's ranch, 1 pushed on, carrying my roll of blacktts on my back. The trail wound round through dense, gloomy forests. So thick and tall were tbe trees tbat the lofty, interlacing branches overhead ehnt out the sun's rays, and much of the light of day. In a sort of sombre twilight 1 pushed oo. Before 1 had covered many miles 1 began to feel some uneasiness—a singular presentiment of evil foreboding. Still 1 went forward, striving to drive away the prcFenti. e ment by thinking of my bosieee*. However, the feeling tbat there was some danger in my pathway increases. Some instinct told me tbat I was being followed. Soon a peculiar whirring *oond, resembling the pt-rrirg of an tccrmoue cat, aitrsctid my attention. Cisting a quick glance behind me, ima. gine my dismay at seeing in the trail, net ccvtniy firs yards away, a large, dice cougar. The animal was trailing BIOIR slowly with its belly close io the ground, and awitckiug its tail like a cat when preparing to rpringen cn untu -peeling mouse. Catching my eye the ccugar suddenly stopped, placed its headclore to tho cait\ ar.d in a crouching attitude watched tne iniraliy. My situation was a very grave ore. Armed with otly a small pistol and kcife, milrB frcm human habitation. alone in the heart of a great gloomy forest, and confronted by a targe, hungry- looking cougar, my position was not to bs envied. Fortunately, I was thoroughly acquainted with the cowardly disposition of tbe animal. U a lets pressed by hunger I kiewths cougar would cot openly attack me. Grasping my pistol in one bund and the knife in ihe other, I mrced and advanced toward the lurking foe. Tae cowardly ^rtaturc retreated. To emp-iasizs matters I discharged my pistol, taking prccioui good earn to e loot widfl of the mark. To wound the anim&| was tbe Isst thir.g in the world I wished to do. D.-liberaCcly reloading 1 then turned aod moved rapidly forward, ketyirg a sharp lookout over my shoulder. Tneoongar persistently dogged me. Sometimes it gained on me and I would have to drivs it ba:k by shouting snd discharging my pistol. This I kept up for about two hours. I hoped to finally frighten the animal away, but it still dogged my foouiepa. 1 pressed on, weary and foctiore, hoping soon to to emerpe from the forest or io reeo'i sooie wayaide cabin. Once on open ground 1 felt sure the animal would abandon the pursuit. But tbe timber appeared to grow thiaker. To add to my fears night was coming on, and there were portenthus signs of a coming storm. L )<r muttering thunder was heard far away, and I could hear the wind tbat preceded tbe tempest gathering its forces far back in the forest. Darkness fell until I could scarcely distinguish the tortuous trail. 8 .ill my foe followed relsntlesjly. S tan the amorphous blackness swallowed np everything. By feeling my way caatioasly I could follow the trail. Presently I reached tbe brink of a steep ravine. Below me I heard tbe hiss and r-jir ot a stream. Broad streaks of lightning flashed across the heavens. By waiting for these Cashes I made my way down the ravine. At tha bottom flowed a broad, swift stream across which the trail led. I could not tell how deep it was, bnt cross it I mast. Taking advantage of a flash I plunged in. The water was almost waist deep and cold as ice. Through this stream I floundered narrowly escaping being carried cS my feet by ths force ot the torrent. Finally, I reached the opposite ride. I scrambled out, dripping wet and chilled to the marrow. By tbe nest bright gleam I coald see the ooagar on the oppisite aide, just at the brink, crouching as if for a spring. In •hew desperation I fired at him. and taming rushed np tbe {steep, ragged trail. B!ssk gloom again succeeded. I stood still, my heart beating madly ; I expected that the comar would now certainly at* taok and rend me. Jast then the animal gave a wild, fearful scream and planged into the stream. Another flash came. As I turned to fly, I saw tha cougar mid-stream, straggling desperately in tbe mad torrent and making towards me. Before tht gleam faded there case another blinding, fieree glare, followed by an awful peal of thunder. Once more I turned and fled np the trail. This time I reached the top, and at tbe aame Instant there came another blood curdling scream from the enraged »ngar, I rushed precipitately on, and in a moment reached an opening In the timber. My pistol being empty was useless, so I flung it away and grasped my dirk. 1 looked around and discovered tbat I stood npon the edge of a small clearing. Hot a hundred yards away, 1 saw, with a joy that no language can portray, the light of a oandle shining through a window of an bumble log. cabin. Help and safety were at hand. 1 shouted loudly, and a coarse, heavy •• Halloo there 1" came back in response. Ths load bay ing ot a dog greeted ; me tbat sounded sweeter than any musia 1 ever heard. But little remains to be told. The brave dog rushed past me, and making for the coug tr, which was only a few yards away, quickly treed him. Tte , logger at onoe comprehended the situation. Telling me to go to the cabin, he e*ised bis rifle and hurried to the spot when his dog stood barking and waited for a lightning flash. It came a moment later almost as bright as day. It revealed the cougar • crouching on a large limb, not more than forty j feet from the ground, just ready to borl birosslf 1 npon the dog. There was a sharp crack, and tha : ball crashed through the congar's skull. Uttering ! a piercing cry, the creature fell to the ground, and after a brief struggle ingloriauely gave np tba ghost. Jnet then the loog-itopsndicg tempest broke forth in all its fury. Taat night 1 remained at the logger's cabin, and partook of his rough bnt wholesome cheer. Early ths next morning 1 reached my destination without farther ed feature. The cougar that came so near getting my scalp waB a very large old male. By actual measurement it was needy nine feet from tip to tip. It was the narrowest escape from a horrible fate ever bad. The experience has taught me one useful lesson ; 1 will never again venture alone through the lonely i woods without having a trusty Winchester In my !j hand. j 