A Ghost Story. "If there such a thing on earth as a real ghost, there's a house in the suburbs of this place that's got it." The speaker was a prominent lawyer, whose word is his bond, and he spoke to friends gathered recently about his table, says a New Orleans special to the St. Louis Globe-Demoerat. " My father moved to this city in Í825, ten years after Jackson's victory here, and rented the house I speak of. One evening he came in very much displeased. 'Where did he go?'he asked. 'Who?' inquired my mother. ' Why, the man who entered the house just before me. He nearly knocked me off the steps.' " A thorough search was made for the man, but no one was found, so we concluded he must have been some drunken passer-by who had passed directly through the house to the garden behind, and out at the street gate. " I was only about seven years old, but when the next evening just about dusk I glanced up and saw a man in a red uniform standing in my nursery I looking at me, I knew he was the one for whom we had searched. ' What you want, man ?' I asked, and was still staring at him, when he vanished. Not understanding the mystery, and yet stock cold with horror apparently unreasonable, I ran scream- ing to my mother, who repeated my story to my father when he came in. " After that, first one of the family, and then another would catch momentary glimpses of a man clad in a British uniform and deathly pale, who vanished on being accosted. The arrangement of the house put my nursery at some distance from my parents' room, so my nurse was made to sleep with me, and one night she awoke me by sitting up in the bed. "I did the same, and we heard steps ascending the staircase, and the clanking of a sword accom- panying each footfall. The steps approached the nursery, and the man in the British sergeant's uniform entered. The night lamp showed him as pallid as death, and his coat flying open, the shirt torn away from his breast, on which gaped a bloody wound. "The soldier started towards the nurse's bed, when she screamed and it vanished. My father came running but found nothing. He moved, how- ever, the next day, though he himself occupied the house several nights after, trying to sclve the mystery, but he never did. "The owner declared he knew nothing of the matter. Tenants come and go in the house, some remaining a single night only, while others spend several months there without being disturbed by the ghost, whose visits are irregular, but always unwelcome. 