ON FORTUNE'S WHEEL. BT JOHN K. LETS. Author of "The LiadaayB," "Linda's Inheritance," &c.; CHAPTER XXXIEL—{Concluded,) The Keetor oame oat of the veetry. The Service t>u began, and continued to the end. Then the organ played the inevitable " Wedding March," the registers were signed, the briae and bridegroom passed down the aisle, and the people cheered heartily, the school children, who had tea and buns in theirmindB' eye, adding their shrill "hurrah!" tothe shouts of their seniors. The weddingbreakfast was orer, the speeches had been delivered, the champagne was still flowing, and the bnde had just slipped out, when three people, one man and two women, appeared at the doorway of the room where the bridegroom and the wedding guests were atill sitting. The servants had naturally supposed them to be people who had been delayed by some accident, and bad admitted them accordingly. The unbidden guests were Mr. Toogood, his betrothed, and Sir Vivian'a wife. Leaving his two companions at the door of the tpartment, Mr. Toogood slowly advanoed to the foot of the table where the Rector was sitting. "Can I speak to yon one moment, sir ha enquired in a whisper. ••Certainly," answered Mr. Willoughby, struok by the gravity of the stranger's look. He rose at onoe and led the way to a small room whioh opened ofi the dining-room. Sir Vivian bad not seen his wife, who had not entered the room. He was chatting to his next neighbour. "Your daughter, sir—she is still here?" "Of course she is," answered the olergyman, thinking the stranger must be mad. EvidenUy Ee was not drank. " Thank God we oatne to-day!" "What on earth do you mean?"cried the Rector, a vague alarm creeping over him. " Si" Vivian Lea " "Yes?" " Your daughter's husband-—" "Yes?" "Is already married to another woman." "Sir! What do you say ? Impossible!" " The lady iB here. I have myself seen the register oontaining an entry of the marriage at St. Clement's Danes Church in London." . " ThiB is terrible I" exclaimed the clergyman. "Not so terrible as it might have been, "said the stranger* The m&n; meant well, but the words were like a stab to the old gentleman's heart. To think that his daughter, his Emily's child, should ever have come within a hundred miles of such profanation. " Suppose I ask Sir Vivian to join us here," said Mr. Willoughby. "It will be well to avoid a scene as much as possible." He stepped back into the dining- room. There was perfect silence there. One of the ladies who had arrived was walking up the room, Sir Vivian's back being turned towards her. When she reached his chair, she passed it, and turned round, facing her husband. To the bridegroom it was as if the ghost of a murdered woman had risen to condemn him, so unexpected was her appearance. He stopped in the middle of a word, gazing at her n 2th horror in his eyes. " I see now why you would not recognise me, Vivian," said the woman, quietly. " Curse you !" oricd the Baronet, striking at her with his fist. The blow did not uaoh her; some one Bitting close by seized the madir'»'s arm, and held it fast. '' Who can she be ? Is she his wife, do you think?" whispered one of his guests to his neighbour. "Oh! surely not. But, none the less, it's deuoed awkward, you know. Good-looking wench, too," was the reply. Meantime, Toogood had approached, and he saw at the lower end of the room a grenadierlike woman in gorgeouB array, and a child-like figure in a grey travelling dress. It was the bride and her stepmother. " Ada, go upstairs," said the Rector, "Take her away, Anne," he added to his wife. But the girl had already advanoed some way tip the room. It was too late for any one to interfere. . She went on till she stood opposits her newly-wedded husband, who had not noticed Ada's approach, and was still scowling at his wife, speechless with mortification and rage. The bride looked round bewildered. On every face she saw a look of pity, and in a moment the truth flashed upon her mind. Then she turned to the woman at whojtt Sir Vivian was still looking. " Madam, who are you?" she asked, quietly. am that gentleman's lawful wedded wife," answered the woman. "He daren't deny it, soamp as he is." Ada looked at the man to whom she had been married an hour before, and marked the FCOWI of hate that rested on his handsome features. Then, without a word, or a seoond look at any one, she turned and walked away. 8IR Vivian seized his _ glass—it was full of champagne—and tossed it off. "Ha! ha! ha 1" he laughed wildly. "Quite dramatic, upon my word! Clara, my girl, you'll find that this is the worst day's work you ever did in your life." "But Vivian, Sir Vivian, I should say, aren't you going to take me home ? \ ou know I'm your wife.' " You may go to the devil, for anything I care," he answered brutally, and swaggered out of the room. It is one of the virtues of good wine that it helps to carry a man through a crisis of this sort; and Sir Vivian had swallowed the better part of a magnum of champagne. As he left the Reotory, the guests began to hunt for their hats and overcoats, and wonder aloud who would go for their carriages, as if no consideration was any longer due to the master of the house. Meanwhile, Mr. Toogood was trying to impress on Mr. Willoughby the fact that he had no idea that Sir Vivian was contemplating bigamy, or he should have interfered sooner. He had only learned the day before, from Colonel Meredith, that Sir Thomas's will had been found, and that it contained nothing prejudicial to Lady Lea's interest. • The will, Colonel Meredith had remarked, was adverse to the present Baronet. But there was nothing in it to offer the shadow of an excuse for his denying or concealing his marriage. Upon this Mr. Toogood determined to take Lady Lea down to Soardale the nest day, acd force Sir Vivian to reaognise her ai h'i wife ; and this intention he carried out, with results which he did not anticipate. "I'm afraid there wasn't much uss in our coming," said Mr. Toogood, as he led his two lady friends, as he called them, back to the railway station. " Oh. Algernon! Think of that poor girl I" cried Jane. "What you have saved her from!" " I meant as far as we are concerned, o" course," he returned. "My belief is tha when the will is proved, the Baronet will turn out to be quite a poor man; and I don't see that we have any reason to be proud of him otherwise." " Well, at any rate, I'm Lady Loa, nobody van deny that," said his future sister-in-law, di/ing her eyes as she spoke. This thought proved to be of the greatest comfort to her all the way back to Upper Holloway. When Sir Vivian returned to the Hall, he found a letter whioh had come by the afternoon post from Colonel Meredith's solicitors. It formally announoed the discovery of the will, stated that probate would be applied for immediately, and also informed him that the tenr.its would receive notioe not to pay the half-year's rents to him, but to the agent of the trustees, who would be appointed r rimed iately. For two hours the Baronet sat with this jettcr in his hand, pondering many things, fie realized that, although he might stave oS the evil day for a time, be must be worsted in the fight; and that the only result of litigation would be that payment of his annuity would be stopped until the costs incurred had been paid. Certainly that would not do. He looked out on the wintry scene, the terrace and the park beyond. For fourteen months the place had been his own. Now he must leave it and go back to hiB old life. Why not go at onoe, he asked himself. Why stay there till he was kicked out ? If he set off now he could yet catch one of the mail trains easily, and be m London before midnight. The thought had hardly occurred to him before he determined to put it into execution. He wanted no dinner, he was not hungry. He would take no luggage, but telegraph to his clerk to have his old rooms in Lunetree-court teady for him. . . . . A minute or two was enough for his prepara -tioos. He wrote the telegram, put on his hat asd overcoat, and went out alone into the •winter twilight. The great door clanged behind him. It was as if a voioe had spoken bidding him return no more. Thelong avenue lay before him; it was growing darker every moment. The wind blew chill among the gaunt trees around him. Butheneithernoticed •The darkness nor heard the ioy wind. He was thinking at that moment that never, in all the years to come, would he and Ada Willoughby meet again 