THE YOUNG FOLKS. A NOBLE GIRL. [By MARY SELDEN MCOOBB] "And -you promise, honest, true, that the steamer shall reach New York by November 23,' so I may surely be at home Thanksgiving day? You promise, Captain Barton? And you'll go to Salem with me and eat turkey, and see your schoolboy friend-my precious daddy ? Doesn't your heart just dance a hornpipe, cap tain, at the thought of a real old-fashioned New England Thanksgiving like those you used to enjoy V " Excuse my motion, Aunt Elsie! I've had a lovely four months here in Glasgow, and bless you for a Scotch darling! But, oh! you don't know what it is to be a Massachusetts girl, and dote on culture and the baked bean, and to love your own Bunker Hill ' Mony mink' and Thanksgiving day! Tom's coming home from Dakota, Captain Barton-my grown-up brother Tom. And my married sister Eleanor, she's coming too, with her hus band under one arm and her baby under the other. And there'll be turkey, captain, and cranberry sauce, captain, and squash pie, cap tain, and three kinds of pudding, and nuts and jaisins, aBd games in the evening, and ' Auld lang syne,' and all the rest of it, captain. The steamer shall certainly reach New York by November 23, you promise, Captain Barton?" Priscilla Saltonstall, of Salem, Massachu setts, stopped breathless, and beamed on the captain. _ Captain Barton, of the steamship New England, shook his portly sides and beamed on his old friend's daughter. " We'll fetch it, if it's within the power of mortal man," said he, in his big hearty voice. " I'll take special good caie of your lassie, Mrs. McDonald, and deliver her 'C.O D.' to her pa. My wife's ! going along, and there's an extra berth in my ( daughter's state- room. Prompt on board at S o'clock a.m., MUs Priscilla, and a good ! night's.rest to ye." [ Priscilla's small steamer trunk stood ready. She had insisted on putting in a grey crepe ! gown, "in case of a festive occasion on board;" also she had packed a jaunty Rsdfern jacket and a Gainsborough hat for Sundays and New York." | For constant wear she had a shaggy navy | blue ulster, which buttoned from chin to instep, | and wrapped her close and warm. The blue i cloth cap would cover not only her che3nub hair, but her forehead and ears if necessary. That chesnut hair with its golden glints was Priscilla's chief beauty. Chesnut; hair with golden glints is rare. That is the reason why Priscilla turned to look a second time at a young woman standing near the steamer's rail. 3?or now the New England had swung clear of the Glasgow docks, and was gliding down the River Clyde to the Frith beyond. The steerage passengers had not yet been banished to the forward parti of the ship as they would be later,- and among them was this young slender woman with hair like Priscilla's own. But the face was full of care, and the eyes drooped sadly. That was not like the happy girl's face, crowned with its shining tresses. The stranger looked at Priscilla. Priscilla, looking at her, became aware of a small boy clinging to the woman's skirt. He was holding up his right hand, as if it pained him. Every now and then his mouth twitched, as if it were hard work to keep from crying. His legs were very thin. The coat which he wore was threadbare, and its sleeves were too short to cover the small red wrists. He kept looking up to his mother in a pitiful sort of way. Priscilla heard her say "The doctor; there must be "a doctor, if we could only find him." The helplessness of the two went right to Priscilla's heart. She stooped under the rope beyond which steerage passengers might not pass. "You are in trouble?" she asked, coming dose to the woman. "What is the matter with your hand, little boy ?" " Some boilin' water scalt it, miss," said the woman. " We was that hurried to ketch the steamer wo couldn't stop to get help. I couldn't miss the bo'fe, miss, for I'd news that my husband was terrible sick in New York. Don't cry, Timmy ! Don't cry, dear! Come, now!" The tears were in the mother's eyes. That was more than Priscilla could bear. "I know the ship's surgeon," said she. "I went over in this steamer four months ago. Wait. I'll bring Dr. Deems." The astonished surgeon found himself suddenly captured, whisked up the companion way and hurried toward the steerage. He was an elderly man, naturally slow of motion and also of comprehension, but when Priscilla held up the little blistered fingers, exclaiming, "See there, doctor 1" even stolid Dr. Deems took in the situation. The tiny hand was dressed with ointment and bound up in soft linen. " I'm sure we're grateful," said the woman. "Thank the kind miss, Timmy. I guess we'll go below; it's so dreadful cold on deck." It was cold, and it grew colder as the steamer came out on the broad Atlautic. The wind, which whistled in her wake, had lately been _ hobnobbing with the North Polo and dancing among the icebergs of the Arctic Ocean. But Priscilla was not cold. Wrapped in shawls and ruga, she lay in her steamer chair, or, together with the captain's daughter, played "ring toss" with Mrs. Travers, the pretty English bride, and llr. Traveis, the adoring bridegroom, who brought forward a couple of healthy English boys to join the fun. Presently the bride was seen "to "smile a kind of_ sickly smile," and "the subsequent proceedings interested her no more." She was borne below by the adoring groom. . The re maining four tried a game of shuffleboardj while the captain stood by, proud of hi3 two girls, who ate and enjoyed their five meals a day, though every lady and half the men for bore. _ '* And we're making splendid time !" cried Priscilla gaily. " We're sure to be in New York before Thanksgiving day at this rate. How many knots was it yesterday, captain ? ' Polite John Bull, jun., offered to keep bhe account in Priscilla's little " log." "Two hundred and ninety miles on Satur day." "Oh, call it 'knots,"' expostulated Pris cilla. " A knot's a nautical mile, you know." " Two hundred and eighty knots on Sunday; three hundred, Monday; two hundred and seventy-five, Tuesday; two hundred andninety, yesterday. Shall we make it three hundred and ten to-day, captain ?" "I reokon we're.not so fast as the ocean greyhounds. We'll get our Thanksgiving, Miss Pussy. Now would you four like a peep at the engine ! Hear her pulse a-beating ? bteady-steady-steady; she's a vigorous old party, she is." The captain took the young folk amidship. But when they reached the iron ladder WHing down to the machinery, Priscilla was missing. She had dropped behind, for passing near the steerage she had caught sight of the woman with the chesnut hair. The child was near by; both were shivering in their scanty garments, and they looked so shrivelled and wan that it seemed as if the boisterous wind might blow them away. " Oh!" said Priscilla, stopping short. The mother looked up,' trying to smile, though her teeth chattered. " We've been so seasick, miss; I thought the fresh air would do Timmy good; but I don't know as he can st-pn' it. It s very close down below, miss." Priscilla knew that. She had gone into the steerage on a former voyage. She remembered the berthB built five abreast. She had taken a few whiffs of the air, which, in spite of at tempted ventilation, was impure. "You must stay up here,"she said eagerly. " Just wait a minute." The two crouched down and waited. Priscilla ran off and returned. "I have rtrore wraps than I can possibly use- far more," she said,; speaking rapidly to avoid contradiction. She enveloped the woman in a thick Hima laya shawl. As for Timmy, he looked like a small Scotch mummy swathed in a McDonald "plaidie." _" Sit_ here, in the lee of this steampipe," said Priscilla, and too weak and too thankful to resist, mother and ohild obeyed. " What have you had to eat to-day ?" asked Priscilla gently. "The woman shook her head. "The food was good, but-oh, we couldn't." Again Priscilla sped away. "I'm going to ' insult' the stewardess to the extent of- 50 cents," she declared to herself. , . Presently she came back, swaying with the motion of the vessel, but managing to cirry unspilt abowlof chicken broth, " ' Open your mouth and shut your eyes,'" she quoted cheerily, and again she was obeyed. "It's worry makes me worse than usual," apologised the woman, " My husband, miss, he was a coachman to a rich lady in New Yoik, but he's lost his place, being down with a fever. I was home to mother's. She was sick and sent for me. She died last week. I can work if I can only get to him. It seems as if this ship stood stock still, I'm that daft." " We are going at full speed," said Priscilla, encouragingly. " The captain's sure we shall make three hundred miles to-day. You'll keep Thanksgiving with your husband, Mrs. McWhirten. Like a3 not he's getting welL just from" the hope of seeing you." e-. The woman stretched out her hand. " How you do hearten me up!" said she. " Just listen and see how that blessed engine is working away ! And we are spinning actually spinning along. Keep a stiff upper lip, Mrs. McWhirten, for- dear .me ! what'i that?" She sprang to her feet, her face as white as death. Mrs. McWhirten seized her arm. Thne was a sudden crash. The ship shivered from stem to stern, then rolled heavily from side to side. The pulse of the engine ceased. There was a sound of hurrying feet. There were shouts and cries. TJp from below has tened men with scared faces. Women half clad, ghastly with terror, implored to be told what had happened. "Struck a rock?" " A rock in mid-ocean ?". '' Sprung a leak ?" '' Has the boiler burst ?" Then from mouth to mouth flew the words, " The shaft has broken !" That was the truth. The huge beam which connected the machinery amidship with the screw at the stern had snapped like a brittle pipe-stem. The blades hung motionless. JTor an hour confusion reigned. Then the captain came on deck. The passengers clus tered round him. Even those in the rear heard , his voice, it was so clear and loud. "Great delay. No danger. Possibly the shaft can be mended, bub no counting on that. In the meantime up with the sails. We shall not attempt to return to Glasgow with the wind dead east." The passengers pulled themselves together. The relief from fear of immediate wreck was something. People tried to joke and laugh. " A good long voyage ahead." "Allright! We're bound to makeporbby . 1900, if we only keep at it!" "' England expects every man to do his duty.'" "If pluck's the article called for, you won't find America behindhand." The white canvas was already swelling in the stiff breeze. The brave New England set her bow squarely ahead. She knew what was ex pected of her. That day she made sixty miles. Good! Then the wind shifted. It changed to the south, then veered to the east. The New England tacked, tacked, tacked, but still pressed on. Only fifteen miles was that day's record. The " funny man" among the passengers got up a negro-minstrel troupe to enliven tne even ing. Priscilla and the captain's daughter were drawn into a group of young people to play "Muggins" and "Throwing Lighb." No one permitted himself to be dull, not even when, on the eighth day from Glasgow, a dead calm fell on the sea and the sails flapped idly. Constantly Priscilla stole away to her friend of the steerage. The delay was heart-rending to Mrs. McWhirten. "My husband ! oh, my sick husband!" she cricd, and the tears stole between the thin fingers which covered her face. Then it was that Priscilla spied the captain on the bridge, sweeping the horizon with his glass. "Of course," exclaimed Priscilla, "he's looking for a ship. A vessel may heave in sight any moment-any moment, Mrs. MeWnirten. Don't cry, or you'll fail to catch the first glimpse of her. Watch for a ship, Timmy boy. Watch for a ship to tow you ashore to your father." But it was not for a ship only that Captain Barton strained his eyes. He knew what this cloudless sky, this motionless sea, might fore bode. His masts were stout, but the New England was not built for sailing, and an angry red stained the west where, sky and water met. Nevertheless, the captain pub an encouraging hand on Priscilla's shoulder. "We'll scarce make land before the 27th," he said; "but if we reach New York then and we may; .give us a good wind and we may do it yet-you would hg-ve time to take a fast express for home and get your Thanksgiving after all." Priscilla nodded back at him. "That's all I ask," she said. For two days and a night they had lain becalmed. _ The second night the wind arose. It came with a rush and a roar. The water seethed under the New England's bows; the masts bent ominously; ram and sleet de scended in torrents. The captain never lefb the bridge. The third night darkened. Then the storm laid itself out to do its worst. The steamer was tossed like an eggshbll from one huge wave to another. It was driven hither and thither. It pitched, it rolled, it stood upright on its stern like a balky horse, it plunged madly forward. The passengers were tied in ho their berths. Priscilla clung with her ten fingers to the siats of the berth above her, and was barely kepi from falling to the floor by her "weather board." There was a noise of shattered crockery and of state-room furniture banging about. Then, above the din, came one tremendous crash tl.e mainmast split and fell. The tattered canvas was cut away and drifted off into the night. After that the storm abated. The ship' heaved to and fro in the trough of the sea. A jpry-mast was raised, and the bow kepi straight. That was all that could be done. "About seven hundred miles off the New foundland Banks," the captain said. "Out hope is now to sight some steamer. I've broken my promise to you, Prifieilla," ha added, softly. "No Thanksgiving day for us, my dear. .Priscilla smiled bravely up at him. "X for give you,3' she said, and made a dash for her state-room. It was nob only the loss of the festive day she mourned, but the thought of the misery they muBt be going through at home over whelmed her. The New England much over due. No word to say she was still afloat. The knowledge of her people's anguish cub into Piiscilla's heart with sharp stabs. She wrung her hands. Then she sab up straight and shook herself. "Stop that J" she said out loud. She stood upon her feet and marched to the steerage. " A vessel is sure to come, Mrs. McWhir ten, ' saidjshe, speaking rather faster and louder than was necessary. " And all this time your husband is probably getting better. Come, Timmy, come up on deck and I'll play a gamo of jack-stones with you." Ah! the five days and the five nights which, followed. The New England drifted-now forward, now back, now to the east,.now to the west-just as the wind and water dictated, so did she. The American flag hung Union down on a tall pole, signalling "distress." Twice the captain burned red lights ab night. There was a burst of excitement when the smoke of an outward-bound steamer was seen on the horizon. Bub she failed to hear the New. England's guns, or for some other reason passed^ on unheeding. Again they waited. The food held oub and no one knew that the drinking water was diminishing ominously. The eighteenth day since leaving Glasgow dawned slowly. Did Mrs. McWhirten dream or did somebody really shake her vigorously as she lay in her berth ? She opened her bewildered eyes and beheld Priscilla. "A steamer in sight! Come ! come!" Then the vision vanished. How can I tell of the frenzy of joy which seized the passengers of the disabled New England 1 - Nearer and nearer she came-the Cornelia Ji Perkins, a "tramp" steamer from Antwerp, laden with window-glass, leather, and pig iron. She paused to the leeward* A boat from the New England speeds across the water. _ Back she comes, bringing one of the Cornelia J. Perkins's offioers. Captain Barton talks with him apart. The news is given. Heavily laden is the Cornelia J. Perkins,' Scarce any accommodation for passengers. Running short of -provisions. Still- she will receive on board twenty persona from the New England. . "And one extra for me," adds Captain Barton in an undertone. fche will then make for Halifax and send help. "Count on a tow by the fifth day from this." Then it was that Priscilla, olose to the cap tain's elbow, overheard what no one was meant) to suspect. - " For God's sake, hasten," said the captain, ' we have sprung a leak !" Moving backward, he saw Priscilla. " You are to go," he said to her authoritatively. Lots were cast. No one selfishly foughb for precedent. Ten women, ten men, were to go on board the Cornelia J. Perkins. There were one or two voluntary exchanges made. Mr. Travers, for example, gave away his chanca and stayed with his bride. " Bid me good-by now, Priscilla. Tell your father I took better care of you than of my own daughter. She and her mother stay with me." He wrung her hand and left her. There was a hurry and a bustle, bub in less than 10 minutes all arrangements were made. Into the ship's boat stepped the lucky 20, among them a slender, girlish figure in a closelj-buttoned blue ulster, her chesnut hair showing but a little under her cap, which was drawn down over her forehead and ears. " Hurrah 1 hurrah ! hurrah ! Give them a hearty send-off, my friends. As*for the rest of us, we shall soon reach land. We know where we are. And there's the dinner-bell." The captain, at the head of the table, looked stanch and brave. Nob one of the passengers knew that the New'England's stern pumps were working desperately mghb and day, thai the utmost exertion could scarcely keep the entering water under. Nob one knew, Not one? . Intha cabin doorway suddenly appeared & girl, She woTe a gray crepe gown, though this was scarcely a " festive occasion." A jaunty Redfern jacket did its best to keep hen from freezing. A Gainsborough hat covered her . chesnut hair. - She was leading a small boy. "Captain, will;yon give Timmy and mei a bib of mutton ? Wt?re hungry. Timmj and I." Captain Barton stared aa if he had seen a ghost. "Priscilla Saltonstall!" he gasped. "I saw you in the boab. ~I saw-your-haip*' "You saw my ulster, Captain. You also saw my cap, bub the hair belonged bo Mrs. McWhirten. She had to reach her husband. She has left Timmy with me. Won't you giva us something to eat, please, Captain?" Captain Barton was angry, perplexed, ad" .miring, and overwhelmed. " God bless you!" he cried. "God bless you! You're a fool . you're a trump! You're-you're- you're a \ My soul! what will your father say ? But God bless you, my dear!" It was later when he drew Priscilla aside. "Before you gave up your ohance to thafi McWhirten woman did you hear what I said aboub the condition of this ship?" Priscilla turned a little pale, bub her eyes were steady and clear. "I did, sir," she answered. " No other passenger knows,"said thecaptain. "No other shall know," said Priscillar SaltonstalL And now my story is done. Bub did no help come ? Was there no Thanksgiving day 2 Do you suppose I would have told such a melancholy tale as that? Nob I. Help did come. None too soon, bub ib came. Two greab tugs and a pilob. Into Halifax harbor floated the rescued New England. And there on the pier were not only Mr. Saltonstall, buti Mrs. Saltonstall and Tom. " Came by telegraph," said Tom._ What a welcome did Priscilla receive! Three pairs of arms struggled to get'hold of her. Three pairs of eyes feasted upon her. Then home tney wenb as fast a3 locomotives would take them. There they found sister Eleanor with husband and baby. Still no Thanksgiving day. They waited till Captain Barton could leave his ship and bring himself, his wife, and daughter. Then well on in December-ib was almosb encroaching on the rights of the Christmas, bub no matter for that-there was such a feast. And oub in the servants' quarters who should be holding high carnival bub Mr. McWhirten, Mrs. McWhirten, and Timmy. Eor Priscilla had told their story to her father, and lo !_the Saltonstalls' coachman had lately "given notice." Mr. Saltonstall wenb on to New ork and interviewed Mr. McWhirten. " Give me a week, sir, and I'm your man," said that worthy, and he threw away hig medicine, rose up, and found himself welL No wonder Mrs. McWhirten's eyes shone." No wonder Timmy's little stomach ached with happiness and pie. Captain Barton tried to make an after-dinner ' speech. He stretched oub hi8 righb hand toward Priscilla. "She knew another blow mighb come, and we drifb to Jericho. She knew the leak mighti get the better of us, and we take upquartera m Davy Jones's locker. She gave up hec chance all the same. That's what I call pluck. Your daughter, Dick Saltonstall. I remem bered you ab school, and the . stock hasn'6 degenerated. And praise the Lord who 'bringeth them to the haven where they would be!'" He blew a mighty blast upon his nose and sat down. Bub remembering thab he had forgotten something he rose to his feet again. "Amen!" said he. Everybody laughed and everybody cried, bub they all echoed the captain's "Amen!"-. I Harper's Young People. 