§,qUb oi the . JEUmih. THE living of St. Mark's, Fitzroy, which was offered to the Rev. A. W. Cresswell and declined by him, was next offered to the Rev. E. A. Crawford. After careful consideration he also decided to refuse the offer. The third choice of the . Board of Patronage fell upon the Eev. J. B. Sharp, of Maffra, who has accepted the living. fjVEE returns for Hospital Sunday show a marked decrease, * the amount reported on Monday morning being ^84375, as against J5361 last year — a reduction of twenty per cent. All will regret the reduction, though under the circumstances it cannot be said to be unexpected. We notice that the Presby terians stand at the head of the list, with the Church of England second, and the Roman Catholics third. While we heartily congratulate our Presbyterian brethren on the honourable position that they occupy, we could wish, for the sake of our Own Church, that we stood first on the list. Nor is it an unreasonable wish when we consider that according to the recent census tlie nominal members of the Church of England are more than twice as numerous as. the professed adherents of the Kirk. Another point for consideration is the outlook for the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund. Surely in this case we are not to expect a twenty per cent, reduction. At the best of times the fund' is insufficient to meet the pressing needs of the Church ; at the present moment it is seriously crippled, and any decrease in the: annual offertory would be dangerous and disheartening. But we cannot believe that the Church in Victoria has exhausted; either the liberality or the power of self-sacrifice of her members. BY kind permission of the Bishop of Melbourne we are able to publish a translation of a letter which has just been brought to His Lordship by the Eev. Theodore E. Dowling, Domestic Chaplain to Bishop Blyth, of Jerusalem, from the Patriarch of Jerusalem. The original letter is in modern Greek :-^- . ? ' + From the Patriarchate of Jerusalem to the Eight Eevererid Field Flowers Goe, Bishop of Melbourne* Greeting in Christ, the Saviour and God. ' Praised be God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, and of all mercies and consolations ; for He granted us consolation in your praiseworthy virtues and fatherly care, proved by your kindness to the sons of the most holy Orthodox Church residing in Melbourne; ' The bearer of this our letter, the Reverend Theodore E. Dowling, English Chaplain, having informed us that there are in Melbourne about four hundred persons members of the Orthodox Church who emigrated from Syria, and who are in complete privation, and without ecclesiastical help, they find comfort in a manner pleasing to God through your evangelical care and protection. ' We therefore, as leader of those who are executing God's words, . beg to tender our thanks, and on behalf of our most Holy Orthpdox Church, the Mother Church of all the Churches, entrusted to us by His Divine Grace. ? ' At the same time we warmly beg you to take into your benevolent and spiritual solicitude the above-mentioned orthodox strangers, and all others who are not unworthy of your aid, and to be good enough to receive them lovingly, kindly, and meekly, according to the teach ing of Christ, in order that they may not err and fall in temptations, but that they may obtain the inheritance of heaven. ' In thanking you again on behalf of our Orthodox Christians, we conclude in praying the Almighty to grant your : beloved Eminence long life and peace wherever you are, and to bestow upon you the. grace of His boundless mercies with everlasting arid invincible power and strength. . ;.;?...: .. ' Given in the Holy City of Jerusalem this 8th day of August, . 1892.— (Signed) Gerassimos, Patriarch of Jerusalem.' A MEETING- of contributors and life-members of Trinity College for' the purpose of electing two members of the College Council was held on November 1st. The vacancies were caused by the retirement of Judge Hamilton and Mr. W. W. Eogers, Q.C., and were filled by the election of Mr. H. W. Bryant by the contributors, and of Archdeacon Green by the life-members. One pleasing feature of the election is the fact that both the new members were formerly students of the College. The Constitution of the College provides for its future government by Fellows chosen from past students. Of course no funds are at present available for carrying this intention into effect, but the next best thing is to see that a large proportion of the Council is drawn from those who have received their education within the College walls. A T the recent meeting of the Melbourne Church of England ?*V Assembly the following resolution of the Council of Trinity College, passed on September 27th, was presented to the Assembly by Canon Vance on behalf of the College Council: — That in view of the present unsatisfactory state of things as to Trinity College Hostel, and in prder to prevent painful discussion in the Church Assembly, the council and warden of Trinity College (so far as they are able to do so without the consent and approval of the trustees of Trinity College) agree to abide by the decision of the inter diocesan committee in settlement of existing difficulties, and to carry out the recommendations of that committee, subject to the reservation that, no existing rights between the warden and the council of the Diocese of Melbourne, and between the council of Trinity College and the council of the dioceBe, be interfered with. — D. M. Beery (Chairman), Alex. Leeper (Warden). For the consideration of this resolution the interdiocesan committee met twice. The members present were: — The Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, the Dean of Melbourne, Archdeacons Stretch, Beamish, Cooper, and Green; Canons Handfield and Mercer, and Mr. Henry Henty. On behalf of the ex-council of the hostel Mrs. F. S. Grimwade, Mrs. E. E. Morris, and Miss C. Macartney attended. To represent the College Council there were present — Canon Vance, the Eev. Dr. I 'Wilson, and Judge Hamilton ; Canon Potter (chaplain of the college) was also present. The representatives of the hostel and college councils, also Canon Potter, were heard by the committee, and, after delibera tion, the committee passed the following resolutions : — . '1. The committee feel precluded by the condition of the case from any decision which would erect the hostel into a separate institution, whose members would stand in no necessary relation to Trinity College, and have not, therefore, considered any pro posal of that kind upon its merits. : '2. The committee consider that very great advantages would be lost to the hostel by ceasing to associate with its management \- ladies of influence and ability, such, as the members of the late ladies' council; and that most cordial thanks are due to those ladies for the energetic interest they have shown in it, and the valuable service they have rendered in maintaining it free of debt. '3. The committee, however, cannot shut their eyes to the fact that personal questions have largely entered into the present difficulty — so largely, indeed, as to render hopeless any attempt to settle it at the present time on the principle of mutual con cession and co- operation. '4. They regret, therefore, to come to the conclusion that, under all the circumstances, no other course seems open to them than to advise a fresh agreement between the college council and the warden, in lieu of that of March, 1889 (which should be cancelled), but substantially in the same terms, including, . however, a provision for its termination on either side at twelve months' notice.' A STAINED -GLASS memorial window, executed to the order of John Pigdon, Esq., for erection in St. Jude's Church, Carlton, is now on view at Messrs. Brooks, Robinson and Co.'s studio, Elizabeth-street. The subject is the beautiful incident of the visit of the Marys to the tomb of Our Lord on the Resurrection morning, and the appearance to them of the two angels, as related in St. Luke's Gospel. This suggestive scene has been graphically and impressively depicted by the artist, and one especially pleasing feature to a trained eye is the fact that throughout all its realism and inspiring religious feeling the fundamental laws of decorative art have yet been strictly observed and exhibited. The colouring is of surpassing richness, a feature which has been largely secured not only by wise selection, but. by a careful and intelligent preservation of the true translucent nature of the glass, a point so often lost sight of in modern glass -painting. It is claimed that some of the colours used in this work, more especially the rubrics, represent the cream of the world's production of the present day in the art of glass-making. The silvery whiteness of the architectural sotting of canopy, shafting, and base in the style of the fifteenth century forms an effective contrast to the deeper tones of the picture, while the beauty and delicacy of its details lend _ much additional interest to the whole composition. Th'e^ window, which is in two openings, will be placed in the south aisle of the church, near the chancel. nPHE Bill to legalise the use of the Totalisator has been thrown ?*? out by the Council by a large majority, and the colony may congratulate itself on the decision. As to the probable effects of the introduction of this instrument, opinions differ widely.. It has been urged that its adoption would ensure the decline of the system of credit-betting, with certain attendant evils ; that the bookmaker would be extinguished ; that clerks and others would no longer be tempted to theft, in order to settle debts contracted on the racecourse; that it would act as the 'vaccine of gamb ling,' and establish a comparatively harmless form in the social system to the exclusion of the more pestilent and dangerous variety, and so on. Others, think that the main effect would be a vast increase in the already vast amount of money annually devoted to gambling on horse-races ; but all such discussions leave the main point at issue untouched. We take leave to doubt the alleged beneficial results of the Totalisator; a recent police-court case has shown that its use is not incompatible with the most glaring dishonesty, and no doubt the bookmaker and the credit system of betting would in some way retain their footing in an already demoralised community. But even granting that some evils would be removed, the painful and dangerous fact would remain that a practice hitherto declared by both Church and State to be pernicious in its effects, and immoral in its nature, had been legalised by the State, and that as a percentage was levied on all transactions, the community had a direct monetary interest in its continuance and develop ment. In principle there would be no distinction between the system proposed for adoption in Victoria and the wretched state of things which is found in Louisiana, and any distinction in practice would soon vanish. nnHE visit of the Rev. T. Dowling to these colonies has helped ?*? to arouse public interest in the work of the Palestine Exploration Fund. It seems a pity that in Australia there should be no branch of this society, as no member of the Christian Church can fail to take an interest in its work. Although it is not, strictly speaking, a religious society, but purely scientific in its aims and methods, yet every student of the Bible must acknowledge the debt that he owes to the discoveries made by the fund. To quote from its own statement : — ' The excavations at Jerusalem conducted by Sir Charles Warren have had very remarkable results. Jerusalem is now proved to be to a great extent a buried city, and the ancient foundations are in some places 100 feet underground. The walls of the Temple enclosure have been examined down to the foundations, and the original masons' marks found upon them. The contours of the rock, showing how the city was situated before the valleys were filled up, have been ascertained. In consequence of these and other discoveries many questions of topography relating to the city, and all Bible references to locality, are now viewed in an entirely new light.' To these we may add the siu'vey of Western Palestine completed by Major Conder. Before this survey was undertaken the true site of no less than 360 Scripture names in that district remained unknown, but now 172 of tnese have been discovered and fixed. Fuller light has been thrown on the geology and on the flora and fauna of Palestine, and an extensive and scientific inquiry is about to be made into the manners, customs, proverbs, legends, traditions, &c;, of the Holy Land. Much has already been done, but much remains, and in a country so small and yet so rich in historical associations there is every reason for hoping that important and startling discoveries will yet be made. If any of our readers wish for further information as to the work of this fund, or are willing to show their interest in it, they are requested to communicate with Mr. E. F. J. Love, the University, Carlton. We are requested to state that Mr. Dowling proposes to visit the Ballarat Diocese in November and December, Hobart in January, and New Zealand in January and February. IN his sermon at the St. Asaph Diocesan Conference the Bishop of Chester dealt incidentally with a subject not unknown amongst ourselves. ' The opponents of the one established Church of England and Wales are more or less consciously setting up and endowing a quasi- religious system of their own. They are, step by step, inducing . the nation to establish and endow what is termed Undenominationalism. Let me illustrate the nature of this system. We many of us believe in the merits of ' wine that maketh glad the heart of man,' of ' honest English, ale,' of the teas and coffees the East sends us, and of other non-alcoholic beverages which I need not name. But if it were proposed to make the nation drink a mysteriouB and insipid decoction claiming to have the essential virtues of all, but with the reality of none, we should reject the imposition with scorn. We believe in the denominations which, 'though in very varying degrees, represent the wine of the gospel and the waters of life; but that England or 'Wales should thrust upon their citizens or children the insipid, undefinable decoction termed Undenominationalism, that they should establish and endow the pale and merely galvanised ghost of the Catholic faith — this is a tyranny and. an absurdity about : which the trumpets of Zion must give no uncertain sound.' THE recent International Congress of Orientalists has given us another evidence of Mr. Gladstone's wonderful versatility. The veteran statesman turns with a sigh of relief from such common-place trifles as the formation of his fourth Cabinet, and the controversy with Mr. Labouchere, to discuss ' The Relations between Archaic Greece and the East.' His thesis is that Phoenicia, Egypt, and Assyria had much greater influence upon Greek polity and development than is commonly supposed. The high-sounding Homeric title of ' King of Men' applied to Agamemnon is in reality a badge of submission to the East. It is a relic of far-distant days, long before the Trojan War, when Egypt ruled the world, and sent a satrap or 'lord of men' to levy tribute on the Grecian Peninsula. Having called Homer as a witness to prove that in Achilles we find an expression of the Hellenic, and in Odysseus of the Phoenician or Eastern character, Mr. Gladstone passes, by what to hira is an easy transition, to such subjects connected with Archaic Greece as its use of pork as an article of food, its drugs, its games, and .its slave supply, tracing in each case the evidence of Eastern influence. There are not many who could have written such a paper — certainly no other Prime Minister. But the Congress supplied subjects of more direct interest to Biblical students. Enclosed in a glass case was a sheet of papyrus, shown by Professor Hechler. It is one of fifteen recently discovered, and on them are inscribed the Greek translation of the latter chapters of the Book of Zechanah. Some of the readings given differ considerably from other standard texts, and this alone would attract the attention of scholars ; but its chief interest lies in its age. In all probability this is the very earliest MS. of any part of the Septuagint yet discovered. It is written in uncial, or capital letters, and Professor Hechler claims for it a date about 300 A.D. Later criticism may modify this con clusion, but in any ease the fragment is undoubtedly very ancient. It is, however, quite modern in comparison with another scrap of literature discussed by the Congress. .All students are now familiar with a series of Babylonian tablets containing an account of the Creation. Mr. G. Smith's trans lations have made it easy for everyone to compare these with the Biblical story, and note the resemblances, and yet the marvellous superiority, of our scriptures. But Mr. Pinches, of the British Museum, brought forward another tablet recently discovered, in which the story of Creation is again told. The order of events is widely different from that in the Book of Genesis, but shows a striking similarity to the account given in the eighth chapter of Proverbs. Evidently many other links have yet to be supplied before the relations between the litera ture of the Hebrews and that of other Oriental nations is fully understood; but at least one link is supplied by what isj from some points of view, the most interesting paper of all those read before the Congress : it is the report of the latest discovery of the Palestine Exploration Fund. Three years ago a col ' lection of tablets, covered with cuneiform or Babylonian writing, was found at Tel-el-Amarna, in Egypt. When deci phered they proved to have been written before the days of Moses, and to contain records of a correspondence between two of the Pharaohs (Amenophis III. and IV.) and their neighbours. In his address on the subject before the Victoria Institute Professor Sayce used these words: — 'The collection of tablets at Tel-el-Amarna cannot be the only one of its kind; elsewhere, in Palestine and Syria, similar collections must be lying under the soil. Burnt clay is not injured by rain and moisture, and even the climate of Palestine will have preserved uninjured its libraries of clay; such libraries must still be awaiting the spade of the excavator.' And now a remarkable verification is reported. Amongst the Tel - el - Amarna letters was one from Zimrida, Governor of Lachish. The Palestine Exploration Fund set to work at Lachish, though with little success. However, on the very last day of the season, when the work was about to be discontinued, the labourers found some relics of the ancient city. Amongst these was a tablet, and, wonderful to relate, it turns out to be a letter written to Zimrida in answer to the letter found at Tel-el-Amarna, and so as Dr. Sayce says, ' we have the two halves of a correspondence, which was already past in the time of the Exodus, again joined together.' Of course, from a Biblical point of view, the chief interest of the discovery lies in the fact that the Babylonian script is thus shown to have been known in Canaan even in the days before the Exodus. It seems, indeed, to have been in the ancient world a kind of universal language, answering the same-purpose as French in comparatively recent diplomatic correspondence. If so, a resemblance between Hebrew and Babylonian ideas or . language need not necessarily be a proof of such a late date as the Captivity. There was a far earlier time when the two lines of thought met, and, it may be, influenced each other. 