As the traveller pauses at recognised landmarks to review the road along which he has come and anticipate that on which he must continue his journey, so, at-the beginning of a New Year, it ;is , customary and proper to pause awhile in life’s journey, and for awhile look . backwards and forwards. A retrospect of the year just closed for the most part appears in sombre colors. The period, at its opening, found ;us under the shadow of a, severe., financial and commercial depression, and at its close, although there are signs of the approach of better times, yet the cloud cannot be said, to have lightened much, and ,is certainly far from being removed. We have the consolation, if it be a consolation,;to know that our troubles have' been mainly of bur, own creation. T|he boom time was one of the wildest speculative; dissipation, which men ordinarily prudent and cautious caught the prevailing epidemic, joined in the wildest- financial , en terprises,' r and . j : became.’ parties ,to : ',tlie ■’ most extravagant expenditure: -y It 1 is _ over now,,and the reaction,;•= the;,inevitable; reaction is., upon...'.usl;,,.'',.The,,,last year was one of pitiful'-collapse. The next one will probably: find us in the memorable words of Mr MicniE, “ Victoria suffering a reco very:” After all, these. violent oscil lations iii financial matters, mis chievous as- they are, seem .. .to be .also unavoidable. Through it all there is; 'the' comforting, knowledge that we have recovered unhurt from just as bad : attacks before: <. In the early days of the colony we suffered a collapse. Again, in 1854, there was a commercial panic which., almost ■ threatened,to fe convey the colony to tho.'pastoraHst: again. A slight decrease in the gold yield was , held to imply that the’oiid waa near. ’Those who ; remember the, time will easily recall, the prevalent 1 impression that the country was over- ' populated, and that there was nothing ahead hut a salt desert of general poverty. Yet Victoria made a steady and a splendid recovery, 'as she has done after later and Jess severe attacks,, andaa, beyond all doubt or question, she will recover now. . :-i ■* : The most notable event of the year for not only Victoria but all Australia was undoubtedly the Federal Conven tion which met at Sydney in its earlier part. Times of depression are like storms, which come and go, while the work of the Convention was rather like laying the foundations of a build ing which will last for age’s. It is on all sides agreed that the work of the conference was thoroughly and most ably done. Those who expected to see Australian union completed in a year or two were altogether too sanguine. Those who believe with the Governor of the colony that it is not defeated, but only postponed, are undoubtedly in the right. For the rest the year has been one of' financial surprises and disasters, almost, in some cases, amounting to devastation. Embezzlements by men held previously in high repute, and robbery after robbery, of that meanest sort which involves gross breach of trust, by men of the best commercial and social standing. Defalcations here and discrepancies there have come to light in rapid and startling suc cession. Partly owing to these and partly to lax management, of a sort which, estimated by its effects, was nothing less than criminal, one finan cial institution after another has fallen to the ground. The losses in money so represented are serious enough, but the effect in a general loss of confidence, in sealing up ordinary enterprise, and damaging our credit as a community, is perhaps even more serious still. The value of; cer tain well- known stocks has, during the year, declined more than ten millions, and the value of Australian Govern ment securities taken as a whole is less by twelve millions than it was bn Ist January last year. Then there is a less disposition at home to 'offer money for private investment: in Australia, and • the . whole of the colonies have received a very decided no to any proposals to float fresh loans. This check to borrowing re-acts heavily on the pub lic works - policy of the colony, ‘and that again, on the labor market.' With it al| there have' been labor troubles which have thrown upon the whole position a distinct shadow of their own. With’ the relations between employers; and employed in a transi tion state,’ contractors for big' under takings either decline to compete or do so in terms which will cover effectually any probable risk. But the net re sult is less enterprise and less wage work to do. ; The picture is sombre enough, but it has its streaks of , brighter color. Tliere is an excellently good outlook in* the country districts. The wool clipis heavy, and the harvest abundant. The realisa tion of these'anticipations would mean the addition of several millions ster ling to our credit account for the year. The dairying industry is making rapid and profitable progress; and although the yield of gold is slightly fallingloff, there are strong reasons to hope for a near revival in this industry also. And it may be added that the‘ex perience of the past year should teach us a valuable lesson in national self reliance, a virtue with which we have ■of late years been none too well sup plied, simply because, with abundance of loan money to be had for the asking there appeared to be no necessity Tor its exercise. In the old world of Europe the year closes in peace, although the national armaments are maintained at enor mously high tension, placing burdens on the taxpayers which must needs be hard to patiently bear. Every sovereign and every statesman preaches peace, but' meantime watches his neighbor from behind a wall. Russia excited the indignation of the world by her cruelties to her Jewish sub jects, and has later claimed its sym pathy for the terrible invasion .of famine and ' disease, which have wasted whole provinces, and bid fair to waste yet more. Canada has added a dark chapter to her political history, through the proved corruption of some of her most promi nent men. In the United States pre parations are being made for the Presi dential election,’ over which a very strong demonstration is sure to'be made, and the further continuance* of the M'Kinlet Bill will ; probably;be decided; Brazil will long remember the just closed year, with its turmoil,* revolution, and, as is hoped, an en trance on lasting peace and progress after a barbarously , cruel ‘vyar. Chili has liad her share of the prevailing unrest, and her record is marked with war and blood shed. It would seem that the. South American peoples have som'S’-' how imbibed the volcanic nature of' their country. In Great Britain the death of Mr Paekell has com plicated the position of the extreme' liberal party, but it is satisfactory: to note that the general movement seems to be in favor of obtaining Horae Rule for Ireland in an orderly and con stitutional manner. The labor party has made great strides towards solving the greatest social problem of the age, in the relations between capital and labor, and here also there are welcome signs of the abandonment of anarchial doctrines .and of moving towards the desired ends on better and safer lines. On the whole the forecast for 1892 is one of revival, progress, and peace. The malign influences which seem to attack nations sometimes, and make them thirst for revolution and war; seem to: be getting less .powerful, and are, we may hope, yielding slowly, it may. be, but surely—lb the more beneficent impulses of a common .human brotherhood. In confident be lief that has, even now, entered upon a period of revival, we cordially and sincerely wish bur readers A Happy New Yeab. Tin; lit recta of the City and Town last evening presented their usual appearance for New Y--ar’e Eve. A largo number of visitors arrived from the outlying districts during the day, in order to spend a fnw hours of their time in Ballarat. Towards midnight a large 'number of persons assembled opposite the City Hall, to listen to the hells ring out the old and ring in the new year. As the olnck chimed, cheers were sent up, and sub sequently the. usual procession was formed, and-- proceeded • along Sturt street. The multitude'were,'- however," very orderly, and the police had very little to do in keeping '"the peace. \- The principal attraction to-day will be the annual race meeting'of the Lai Lai Falls .'Turf Club, which will no doubt draw a very largenumber to the popular course by the Falls., Trains will run at convenient in tervals'* from the Western Railway Station. Anexcellent racing programme is provided for those who' take an interest in sport, while many others will spend a pleasant time in picnicking along the Falla. The annual sports raesting in aid of Carngham Widows aud'Orphans 1 Fund will also be held. The programme comprises a good list of horse racing and pedestrian events. Among nther events of the day are the Beaufort Jockey Ciub annual races, and also the sports at Maryborough. In the evening Mr George Darrell’s company produce ’* Hue and Cry” at the Academy of Music. Some new postal facilities will be afforded to. the public from to-day. Tire reply post card system will be introduced between the colonies, and post- cards containing a page for the reply to a oommunioa'ion will be sold at 2d each for transmission to any colony. Up to the present time parcels cannot ba sent from this colony through the post office to either New South Wales or. Queensland, though they may he sent to any of the other colonies, and to almost any part of the world, but from to-day the parcels post system will come into operation with Queensland, and the postage rate will be Sil for the first pound in weight, and 61 for each additional pound up to 111 b. The New South Wales Post Office has not yet been authorised to initiate the system, but it is hoped that the necessary authority will soon be given. Arrangements are. now being made to lower the rate for money orders transmitted to the other Colonies; and it has been decided to reduce the minimum charge from Is to 61, hut this will not take effect till about Aptil next. The maximum*amount that may be sent will be raised from £lO to £2O. Two nf thc-mines give pleasing New Year items of intelligence. In the Star of the East claim it has been found that the Guiding Star lode, which it was thought was pierced through at a width of 36 feet, is still wider, another make of stone of a better appearance than any in this part of the mine having c one in behind a bar of sandstone. In.the Sir Henry Loch mine, at the 1400 feet level, a lode 2 feet thick, and'carrying fair gold, has been struck. Our Melbourne correspondent writes on Thursday:—The Government to day agreed to the appointment of officers under the new Purification of the Rolls Act, the gentlemen chosen being in every instance Crown lands bailiffs, - truant officers, or oxcisa officers. The chief inspector is MrS. Worland, for merly of the Government shorthand writers’ office. The third annual banquet of the Ballarat 'branch' of the Bachelors’ Association' was held last night at the residence of the presi "dent, Mr Andrew Thompson, Armstrong street north. There was a very large atteud 'nn'oe. The room had be o ii prettily decorated with fl’gs, bannerettes, festoons, pot plants, and evergreens,; while the motto of the asso ciation, “ Peace and Plenty,” was enspiou ously plac’d ovet the org-n. The chair was occupied by the president, who was*sup ported on the right by Mr Arthur Thomas, and on the left by Mr’Br'ooks. The vice-chair was occupied by Mr Alexander (vice president). Sapper over, the chairman proposed the toast of “The Bachelors’ Association.” In ' doing so he. feelingly referred to the loss'the association had sus tained by the marriage of one of the mem bers. , Ho expressed;!* hope that every mem ber would in future remain ■ faithful to the constitution" of "the society, the objects of which :were, he said, worthy of all com mendation'. (Applansej). 'Mr K'phlps, in responding, said that since he had joined the association ho had benefited in many ways, Mr Arthur Thomas them proposed “The Land We'Live T-'.” He spoke of the many valuable institutions .in the Australian colo nies, also' of the manufacturing industries, and more particularly of the Victorian rail ways as being equal to anything in' the world. , Mr Plummer: responded. The pext toast honored was that of “ Kindred Shcie ties,” proposed by’MrK'phipi and responded to by Mr younghusband. The toast of “The Press ”- was also honored. -‘The isso* elation possess - some first-class talent,'and during the evening a'number of songs, reci tations, arid organ solos were rendered by Messrs Allander,. Brooks, Thomas, Thomp son, and Y--u -ghusband. The singing; of “ Auld Lang Syne” brought a very pleasant evening to a close. ' * 1 : The number of prisoners that occupied cells in the Ballarat lockups during the year just ended totalled 2619. 1324 of whom .were incarcerated in the City watchhouse, and 1295 at Ballarat E*et.- The total num ber for the previous year was 2317, being 1 302 lees than last year. The respect in which the late Mr James Lawrie, the young man who met his death on Tuesday last by the accidental discharge of hi». gun,>wa« held was evidenced-by ; the large number of his late fellow-workmen, members of the A.N.A., and others who attended the funeral yesterday. Tiie cortege was headed by the officers and members of the abnvenamed association, followed by the employii of the Phoenix Foundry and'thn members of the local branch of the Amalga mated Engineers’ Society.' The coffin, which was strewn with' wreaths hf flowers, was carried from' the house to the grave by Messrs Peter Martin,' H. Gullan, G. Hassock, T. Liogham, J. Clark, G. Lilaud,-. G. Hicks, and'J. Longley. The pallbearers were Messrs J. W. Kirtnn, M.L.A., 1 D. Walker, S. Morgan, J. Horskin, and J. Cunningham. Tlie Rev. J. Cowperthwaite officiated at the grave in a very impressive manner. Mr S. Wellington conducted-the mortuary arrangements. ' ' The Billarat Prospecting Board will; in spect the Buniuynng Estate Company’s mine to- morrow' (Saturday),, the 2nd in stant, leaving Ballarat at 9 30 a.m. We ars requested to draw the attention of the public and all persons having Ballarat Fire Brigade art union tickets for sain to the fact that.all unsold tickets mint be re turned to the secretary not later than Satur day niglit, as final arrangements have been made to draw the same on Monday evening, at 7 o’clock,' at the brigade station. The Mayors of botlr C.i.ty and Town ‘ have con sented to superintend the drawing,’ which will ba held publicly. 1 ■A magisterial enquiry was held yesterday by Mr W. Gale, J P., touching the death of tlie young man Herbert Norris, who" met with his death in the fire which destroyed his cottage in Magpie street. Golden Point, ion Thursday morning. The deceased was a young man 19 years of age, and liad been working as » minefin the New Normanby Company's mine. fire his body was found, charred so much ns to ba un recognisable, near the door of his bedroom. No evidence was brought forward as to the cause of the fire, and the magistrate found that deceased had met with his death acci dentally. The Town Bench was occupied yesterday, morning by Mr O’Meara, P.M., and Messrs Gale and Phillips, J’s.P. Henry Styles was fined £2, in default fourteen days’ imprison ment,mu a charge of Using ob-cene language. Sarah Morton, for a similar offanoe, was fined £5, in default a month’s imprisonment. She was also charged with vagrancy ami remanded, btil being allowed in one surety of £2O, and tier nwn recognisance of a similar amount. A number of other cases were also disposed of. An accident of rather a serious nature bcfel Mr Hans Irvine, the well-known vigneron of Great Western, on Wednesday morning last, when he received injuries which will compel him to bo under skilful hands for the next few weeks. It appears that Mr Irvine on the day mentioned was with Mr W, Gooch, of this city, and Messrs Hardy and;Cslrns, of Adelaide, who were nn a visit to the vineyard, were nut shooting, and he was in’the act of tying the horse to a tree when something startled the horse, which caused it to holt, and Mr Irvine in trying 'to stop the runaway was thrown under the horse, and kicked on the ribs just under the right arm, and was also run over by the buggy. Hia friends, who were near' at hand; at once hastened to his assistance, when he was found to be badly injured. He wasne soon as possible taken to his home, some six miles distant, and Dr Syme, of S'awell, also Dr'Palmer, of Ararat, were soon in attendance, and found that two of his ribs were broken and pressing on to his right lung. By latest report he is getting along as well as can be expected. On Christmas Day Miss Middleton,: a young lady well known in Ballarat musical circles, was joined in marriage to Mr Gan. Marshall, of Sydney. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. 11. C. E. Morris, at All Saints’, Driimmend street, the church being tastefully decorated for the occasion. Tlie bride looked extremely pretty in cream cashmerette, with wreath and veil and becoming ornaments, and was attended by five bridesmaids —Miss A. Middleton (sister of the bride), Miss Green (of Melbourne), Miss M, Mitchell (Ballarat), Miss Daisy Jenkinson and Miss Nettie Wallis (two young neices). The three former were dressed in cream nun’s veiling, with veils worked and fastened with poaris, and the two'Slatter .in pink* liberty silk. All the bridesmaids carried baskets of choice fl'Wers: tied with ribbon. The bridegroom was attended by Messrs. E. W. and B. Middleton (brothers of the bride) and Masters A. and B. Middleton (nephews). The .choir, of All Saints’, of which Miss Middleton was a valued member, sang selec tions appropriate to tho occasion, and the church was filled by friende and well-wishers of the happy pair. After the ceremony a large number of guests were entertained at breakfast by the bride’s parents, at their residence, Urqnhart street, when the future happiness of the newly-wedded couple was drunk with much enthusiasm. Tho festivi ties were kept up till a late hour, at the conclusion of which Mr and Mrs Marshdl left for their future home, in Sydney,'.bear ing with them the best wishes of adarge circle of friends, Tiie lady was the re cipient of many handsome and costly presents. For the 12 months ending yesterday 3019 Cases were dealt witli at tiie City Police Court. Tiie meeting of the Women’s Prayer Union held yesterday in tho Dana street school room was presided over by Mrs. J. P. Murray. There was a large attendance After the devotional exercises had been gone through, Mrs Jones delivered an earnest address on the work of the past year and tiie prospects of tho new. Mrs Jones spoke of tiie great power of united prayer, and ex pressed a hope that as time went on every praying woman in tiie colony would become a member of the union. Tiie meeting closed with the singing of the doxoiogy. The usual, watchnight service was con ducted at tiie Lycliurd street Wesleyan Churoh last evening, when the pastor, the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, 8.A., officiated. The following thefts have been reported to tiie police:—From Thomas Hardiman, farmer, Main street, Ballarat East, /gold chain, large square links, centre twist; square gold locket, raised diamond shape on one side, white stone in centre; a gold sovereign case and £l, the whole being valued at £l7. From George Mitchell, drover, a bay oob buggy horse, seven years old, 15 hands high, shod ail round; a pair of. hobbles and a pair of buggy winkers, value £8 A lad named James Downing met'with an* accident yesterday at Mr Rowlands cordial factory in Dana street, owing to the bursting of a bottle, A piece of glass struck him on the arm, cutting an artery,; and Downing suffered tiie loss of a great deal of blond. He was taken to the Hospital and admitted, I The superintendent of the Ballarat Dis trict Orphan Asylum desires to thankfully acknowledge, tiie following N«w.Year 1 , pre sents' for the , children Mrs Spielyogel, Armstrong street, Ijox'of cake; Mrsßaw.ring, V'Ctorw street," s . parcel of toys; A. : N. Association, Evst branch, 21s,"per Mr H. Crisp; Mr H. M. Serjeant, J.Pi, 10s, ; Mr R. Nicholl; Beckworth; Court, Giuneaj £!, arid' the" Hon. : E. Morey, 20i, per Mr D Fitzpatrick, J P Mr Michaels, , 10s,' per Mr : Wm. Scott, J.P.; Mrs Cohen; Victoria street, 2s 61; Miss M’N'iught; 120 Xmas letters; J. T., 20s, being, four, prizes of 5s each, for the best behaved girls under 14 and under 11 years, and the best behaved [boy's under 14 and under 11 years’of'age; 150'New Year prize packets from Mr James Long, J.P., Victoria street. i « j A valuable bunch of office keys was ye=ter day picked up by H little" boy; who took them to the City police station, where the owner may obtain them on application. The annhaL picnic'of the Lydiard street Wesleyan' Sunday 'school ' will be held at Buiiinyoug to-'day. ■ The site of the ’.picnic is close to Mr Seal’s residence. List>even ing Mr J. J. Brokenshiro was in attendance at the schoolroom, when a large number of tickets warn disposed of. The train 'will start at 7.5, and it is anticipated that the trains - during the'day will also bring, a number .of ' visitors. and friends to \ the picnic. >•' Mrs Thomas, - licensee of the National hotel,: Victoria street, was ' fined: • £5- for. having.her bar door unlocked' during !pro hibited hours. John Wilson, licensee'of the Dutch Harry hotel, Post-Office, place,’was also fined £5 for a similar, offence:/ 'The case against Humphrey Murphy, licensee of the Market hotel,. Bridge street; was post poned for a week. The sisters Rosina and Fannie Csrandini (Mrs Palmer and Lady Moreland), aro'to' visit Ballarat on the 28th'January. They intend giving a grand concert on that date in the Academy of Music, when they will be assisted by Mr Armes Beaumont, Signor Bnzz>, and Mr Barker, the celebrated harpist. No" doubt these distinguished artistes will meet with the success they deserve. - The following are the-names of the can didates who passed the matriculation examination, fourth term, 1891,' held at'the Melbourne. University:—George ,T. Arthur, Grenville College; John A. Arthur, Gren- ville College; Robert Baird,- Grenville College; Daniel Barker, High School; George E. Dale, Grenville'College; Joseph Davies, Grenville- College; Beatrice G-irbutt, Bal larat College; Else Garbutt, Ballarat College; Herman Japp, Grenville College; Benson C. L"wis, Ballarat College; Alfred M. Lynherg, Grenville, College; Helen M’Leod, Clarendon College; Marcus Marks, Bdlarat College;' John T. Matthews, Gren ville Colle'ge'; 'Wi 11 iam j. M’Carthy, Holy Ghost College; Jemea P. M’lntoah, Grenville College; Herbert H. Olney, Ballarat College; Minna E Papenhagen, Clarendon College; George ’S. Read, St. Andrew’s College; Katie Robertson, Grenville College; Nellie C. Roche, Lnretto Convent, Mary’s Mount; James S. Smith, Grenville C *jlege; and lima B. VyVbb, Clarendon College. \ : Messrs M’Naught and, .Hunter, J’a.P., attended at the City Police Court yesterday and dealt with routine business. ! Out of 14 candidates from 'Grenville Col lego who.presented themselves for tho matri culation examination, December, 1891, ■ 11 passed, or 80 per cent,, whoso names are as follow:—John Arthur, George Arthur, :H. Japp. 1 A. Lyngberg, W. Baird, J. Davies, J. Smith, J. Matthews, J Smith, 'J. Matthews, J, M.’lntosh, C. Dale, and Kata Robertson. i A' meeting of the committee of tho Balla rat League of the j Cross was held on Wed newiay evening; Mr W. Hayden in tho chair. Xhir;secretary read a letter from the traffic. managerg-Victorian Railways, with respect to an excursion; it- was decided to have hand bills printed-, aiid that particulars regarding tin- excursion be duly advertised in the local papers,. ’ Mr E. J. Nnzum, local land officer, noti fies in- another column that 'a block of 809 acres in the pariah of Lahgi Kal Kal is now available for selection undemoction 67 of the Land Act. The first report of the University Exten sion Board r» a very satisfactory one. In two centres, including Ballarat, 1382 stu dents were brought under tho systematic in fluence of Uoiversity teaching. This fact alone (says the report) would be sufficient to justify the board in congratulating itself upon the success of its labors; but other reasons for satisfaction must bn added. The extremely cordial reception given to the lec'urers, the success of the financial opera tions of the local centres (resulting in nearly, all cases in a -orpins, wfrch is entirely iat the disposal of the local committee), the ex pressed determination of the centres to re peat their efforts at the earliest opportunity, all mark the* great appreciation evoked by the movement., Ia connection with the last feature, it may be mentioned that three centres have already made definite arrange ments with tha board for a supply of lec tures early next year. 