Trying- to Interview the Ghost. Wc pride ourselves on having in this oillce as smart a set of Interviewers as arc to be found on any newspaper south of the line, and wfe accordingly dispatched one bf them to iutervicw, if possible, per our own natentcd and nnrcr-pnffcinr.nnt-of-order Chattiphone, that Ghost. By the kind assistance of the Government astronomer, who knowB all about the unearthly regions, our representative was switched on to Hades— the land of shades — and the follow ing conversation ensued. That Hades ? Yes ! That the person in chnrgc ? Yes, I'm the caretaker. Is the Elstcrnwick Ghost in ? Who in the dickcns is that ? Don't you know. We thought you sup plied nil the ghusts from your establish ment. So we do — all the genuine ones. Isn't the Elstcrnwick one gcnuiuc then ? Wc call him by that name only to distin guish him or her or it, bccausc it has been doing the whole of the other suburbs. Wc heard of it Jnbt at Caulfield and East Brighton. Hum, ha— what docs be do. Jump over fences and frighten old women and young girls, ch ? Generally. \- And' scare young men wlio' go' out'lo Shoot it but forgot to take their revolvers along with them ? (That*e it to a T. 4 Evidently yon know the geutleman. ' Kindly afek his Ghostship lo favour us with n little chat. ? iOh, he docsnvt live down here. You'll have lo enquire for him in a toy shop. A toy 'shop? .That's what I said. A . toy shop where Ihey sell ' 'dark lanterns. You know— iantcrne with «, magnifying slide to throw a white figure. Is that what the ghost is ? ' ' Exactly, except when some old fool takes it into his head to put n white sheet over him. If you can get the Ghost lo stand for you, you may walk right through him. Then if you -have a revolver handy. and tire at the flash of light you arc bouud to sec, why, wc shall have another shade down here, .... . ... r-y | TbankB for the information'. - : ?' ' Oh, don't thank mc. I'm ouly to glad to oblige. Besides I get riled when .your newspapers resume that wc supply ghosts for such purposes. .J'Do' '.yon -think that people come to Hades to play ? We've got more serious business on, hand than frightening girls. 'By the way','wbilc you're about it yuu might ask some of tbc railway officials if tboy know anything .about the ghost. Yes, and some of the yonng men who gox-ut to. shoot ^t 'if th-p-, kno^y before hand where not to fiud it. Tn,ta. Goodbye. , ? 5 Oh, by tho way, Jiow'a politics ?, Thriving. Plenty of ' new develop ments.' ? ' 1 ' tGood I ? Thafa what -we take an Interest in ; down hero — polities, . Increases . our ? population wonderfully. Ring mc up' if you want to know anything else. Bight. Goodbye- : ? ' . ' 