TRAVELS IN JAPAN. By Lafoadio Hearn. NO: IV.—Bon-odoiu : the dance of souls. Over the mountains south-west to Izumo, tlio land of tlio ICnmyo— tlio Innd of tlio Anclont Gods. A journoyiof four days by Kuruma, with strong runncrH, from tlio 1'ncifio to tho Sea of Jsiisu— for wo havo:tak'on tho longest nnd lonst frequented route. Through volleys most of this long routo .lies — vnlloys always, opening into higher vnlloys, whilo tho road asoonds — vnlloys botwoon mountains with rioo ftelils anoendiug thoir slopes by vast suooossious of dylrod terraces, whioh look like onormous groon flights of stops. Abovo thorn aro ahndowing sombro nnd splendid forests of primevnl cedar nnd plno, and nbova llicso wooded summits loom, indigo shapes of further hills ovortoppod by peaked nnd jnggod silbouottos of vapory groy. Tho air is lultowarm nnd windlass ; and distances are for over gnuzod by dolicnto mists, nnd in this tcndcrest- of blue skies — this Jnpanoso sky which nlwnys Booms to me loftier than any othor heaven whioh I ever saw — tliore aro only, day after dny, somo fow filmy, spootral, diaphanous wlilto wandering things j ghosts of dead clouds, riding on tho wind. Hut sometimes, as the road ascends, tho rico fields disapponr a whilo, fields of barley and of indigo, and of rye and cotton, border tlio routo for a little space ; and then it plunges into forest shadows. Above all 'else, the forcBts Of cedar bordering the way aro astonishments— novor ontsido of tho. tropics did I soo nny growths compnrnblo for solidity nnd perpendicularity with tlioso. Every trunk is straight nnd baro as a pillar — tho wliolo front prosonta the spoctnclo of nn immeasurable massing of pallid oolumnar shapes towering up into a oloud of . sombre foliage, so danso that onoonn distinguish noth ing ovorhoad hut brandlings lost in shadow.' And tlio profunditios boyond the rnro gaps in tho tromondous palisado of blanched trunks aro night black — as in Dord's pictures of fir woods. No more great town's, only thntohed villages resting in tho folds of tho hills— enoli with its Iluddhist temple, lifting a tilted roof of bluo- grey tiles abovo tho congrcgntion of thatched homesteads, and its ntiijn, or Shinto .shrine, with a torii boforo it— like a groat ideograph shaped in stono or wood. But Buddhism still dominates ; ovory hill top lias its tern, and tho statuos of Buddhas or of Bodhisattvae appear hy tho roadsido as wo trnvol on with tlio regu larity of milestones. Often a villago tcra is so largo Hint tho oottages of tho rustic folk about it seem like littlo outhousos, nnd the traveller wonders how so oostly nn cdlflco of prayor can bo supported by a community so ltumblo. And everywhere tho signs of tlio gentle faith appear j its ideographs nnd symbols are chisolled upon tbo facoBof the rocks — its icons smile upon you from overy shadowy recess by tho way; cvoli the very lundscapo botimos would seem to have bean moulded by the soul of it— where hills rise softly as a prayor. And tlio summits of somo aro domed lileo tlio bead of Shakka, and tho dark bossy frondago tnat olotlios thorn might soom tlio clustering of bis ourls. . Hut gradually, with tho passing of tlio dnys, as wo "journey into the loftier- west, I soo fewer terns. Suah Buddhist temples as wo pass apponr smnll and poor, arid tlio waysido images become rarer and raror. But tho symbols of Shinto aro moro numorous, and tho struc ture of its nuljns large, nnd loftier. And tho torii aro visiblo bvorywhorc, and tower higher; boforo tho npproaohos to villages, before the entrnnco of vast courts, guarded by strangoiy grotosquo lions nnd colossal foxes of stono, and before stairways of old mossed rook, upsloping, betweon densa growths of nnaiont cedar to immomorial shrines that moulder in tho twilight of holy grovos, At one littlo village I soo, just boyond tho torii loading., to a groat Shinto tomplo, a par ticularly odd small Bhrino, nnd feel impelled by curiosity to examine it. Loaning against its closod doors aro many short gnarlod stioks in a row— miniaturo blubB. Irreverently removing tlioso, and oportlng tho littlo doors, Akira bids mo look within. I soo only a mask— tho mnBk of a goblin, a Tongu — grotesque boyond descrip tion, with an onormous nose, so onormous that 1 fool rcmorso for having looked at it. Tho sticks are votivo offerings. By dedicat ing one to the shrine.. It Is bcllovod thnt tlio Tongu may bo induced to drive one's enemies away. "-Goblin" shaped though thoy appear in all JapaueHO paintings and soulpturos of them, tho Tengu-Snma aro divinities, lossor divinities — lords of tho art of fonolng nnd the use of all weapons. I And other ohnngos gradually become mani fest. Akira complains that ho can no longor understand tho language of tho people. We aro traversing regions of dinlcots. Tho liousos aro also arokiteoturally different from tlioso of tho country folk of the north-east; their, high tliatchod roofs aro curiously decorated with bundles. of straw fastened to a polo of bam boo parallel with the roof ridgo, and olovntod about a foot abovo it. Tho oomploxion of tho peasantry is darker than in the north-cast, and I rioo no more of those oliarming oream whito nnd rosy faces ono obsorvos among tho women of the Tokyo dlstriots. And tho peasants wonr different hats— hats pointod liko tho straw roofs of those littlo wayside tomplos curiously enough called nn (whioh means a straw lint). Tho wenther is moro than warm, rendering clothing oppressive, and as we pass through tho little villages along tho road I see much grace- ful cleanly nudity ; pretty naked children, brown men and boys with only a soft narrow white cloth about their loins, asleep on tho matted floors, all tho paper screens of tho houses having been removed to admit tho breeze. This people seem to be lightly and supplely built; but I see no saliency of muscles, the lines of tho figure are always boyish. . . . Before almost every dwelling, indigo spread out upon little mats of rice straw may be seen drying in the sun. Tho country folk gaze wonderingly at tho foreigner. Some old men approaoh to touch my clothes, apologising with tho most humble bows and winning smiles for their very natural curiosity, and asking my interpreter all sorts of odd questions. Gentler and kindlier faces I never beheld, and thoy reflect the souls behind them ; novor yet have I heard a voico raised in anger, nor obsorvod an unkindly act. And each day, as wo travol, tho oountry bo- cornel moro boautiful— buautiful with that fan tasticality of -landscapo only to bo found in volcanic lands; But for tho Btrnngc forosts Of cedar and pine— and this far, faint, dreamy sky, and the soft whiteness of tho light— thoro' aro moments of out journey when I could fancy my self again in- tho West- Indies, ascending some winding way over the mornes of Dominica or of Martinique. And, indeed, I find myself be times looking against tho horizon-glow for shapes of palms and ceibas. But the rich green of tho valleys and of tho mountain slopes benoath tlio woods is not tho green of young cane, but of rice fields— thousands upon thousands ot tiny rice fields no larger than a cottage garden, ropnratod from onoh othor by serpentine dykes. And now strange signs begin to appear in all these rice fields. I see everywhere, sticking up above the ripening grain, objects' like white feathered arrows. Arrows of prayer ! I take one up to examine it. Tho shaft is a thin bamboo, split down for about ono-third f its length ; into tho slit a strip of strung wliito paper with ideographs upon , "—a mamori, a Shinto charm — is in serted ; nnd tho sopnratsd onds of tlio onn nro thon rojoinod nnd tldd togothor just abovo it. Tlio whole, at a little diBtanoe, has exactly tho appearance of n long light woll feathered arrow. 3 hat which I first exatnino bears tlio words ; — Yu-asaki-jtuja-Kozcn-son-ohu-nn-zcn " (from 'ho God whoso slirino is boforo. tho villago of peace). . . . Anothor roads— " Blilio-jiiija- sho-gwan-jo-ju.gokito-shu-go," signifying that tho Deity of tlio temple Miho-jinja Erantoth fully overy supplication made unto ''m. , . . . Evorywhoro ns wo proceed I soo tlio white arrows of praycrglimmoring abovo tho Rrccn lovel of tho grain — and always thoy be- eemo more-numerous. Far as tho oyo can roaeh (lie fields aro sprinklod with thom, so that thoy malto upon tho verdant surface a groat white speckling as of flowers. Sometimes also, around' a littlo rioo Cold, I seo d sort of magical funoo, farmed by little amboo rods supporting a long cord, from whioh ug straws linng down, liko n fringo, and paper streamers, whioh nre symbols (golioi), aro sus pended atrcgular intervals. Thisisthoshimonawn —sacred emblem of Ehiiito. Within tho con secrated. spaoe. enclosod by it no blight may enter— no. aoorohing sun wither tho young shoots. And whore. tlio wliito arrows glimmer tho locust shall not provnii, nor shall hungry birds do evil. But now I look in vain for tho Buddhas. No more groat teroa — no Shakka — no Ainldu no Dainiohi Nyorni — oven tho Bosatsu havo boon loft behind; Kwannon and hor holy kin havo disoppoarod. Koshln, Lord of Roads, Is indeed yet with us; hut ho lias ohutignd his namu and hoeomo a Shinto dotty ; lie is now Sariidu-hiko-no- miko-to, and his proseiieo is roveaicd only by tho statuos of, tlio Tliroo Mystlo Apes which aro his servants — Mizaru, who saes no evil, aoveriiig his oyos with his tin nds ; Kikaxaru, who hears no evil, cover ing his ohrs with Ids hands, Iwazaru, who speaks no ovll, covering his mouth with his hnnds. Yet no ! — ono Rosntsu survives in this litino- spiioro of mngical Shinto. Still by tho roadsido I seo, at long intorvniH, tho itnago of Jizo-Sainn, lire charming pinyfullow of dond ohildron. But Jizo nlso is a littlo changed. Even in liiB sex tuple representation, tho llohu-Jizo, ho appears not standing hut seated, upon Ids lotos flower; and I seo 110 stones piled up before liiin, as in tho eastern provinces. - Why six-.Tizo instead of fivoor threo or any othor number, tho reader .inoy ask,. I. myself asked the question many times before receiving any satisfactory reply. Perhaps the following iogend airords the most satisfactory explana tion :— According to the book T'nijb-Hushi- mingy o-noiibutsu-den.Jizo-Bosatsu was a woman 10; 000 Ko (kalpns) hofore tins ora, nnd becamo filled with desire to convort nil living beings of tlio Six Worlds and tho Four Births. And by virtuo of tlio supornaturttl powers slio multiplied hcrsolf, and Simultane ously appeared in all tho Rokusso, or Six States of Sonticnt Existence, at once — namely, in' tho Jigoku, Gaki, Ohikusho, Shurn, Ningen, Taujo — and converted tire dwoilcrs thereof. (A friend insists that in order to have done this Jizo inust \- uUVo ouuuiuu o umu.) Aiituug tuu urauy names of Jizo — buoIi as "Tho Never Slumber ing," "Tlio Drugon rralsor," "The Shining King," ".Diamond of Pity "—I find the signifi cant appellation of "Tho Oountloss Bodied." At Inst, from tlio vcrgo of an enormous ridgo, tlio highway suddenly slopes down into a vista of high peaked roofs of tliatoh, and groon mdssed eaves — into a villago liko a Colored print out of old Hieroshigo's pioture books — a villago with all its tints and aolors prcoiso.ly' like, the tiuts niid colors of tho lnndsoapo in which it lies. This is Shimo-Iohiin — tho heart of tlio laud. We halt boforo'a'quiot, dingy littlo inn, whoso host, a vory nged man, comes forth .to salute mo with tho profound and boautiful courtesy of old Japan; whilo a silent gentle crowd of vil lagers — mostly children and womon — gather about tho Korurnu to soo tho stranger, to wonder' at him, ovon to touch his clothes with timid Biniling ouriosity. Ono glance at tlio beautiful fnoo of tlio old innkeeper deoides mo to accept his invitation, I must lcmain bore, until to morrow ; my runners, having run for 100 miles, aro too wearied to go furthor to-night. Woathor worn ns tlio littlo inn scorned with out, it is delightful within. Its polished stair way and balconies are spookloss, roflooting liko mirror surtnees tlio pretty feet of tile maid servant; its luminous rooms aro fresh and sweat smelling as when their soft mattings wcro first laid down. Tbo carvcn pillars of. the alcovo (toko) in iny ckauibor— loaves and ilowors clilsoUod in soino blaok rioh wood — aro wonders ; and tho Kakemono, or scroll pioturo hanging thoro is nn idyl Ilotei, God of llappinoss, drifting in a bark down somo shadowy stream into evening mysleiies of vapory purple. Far as this hamlet is from nil art centres, there is no object visible in the house which does not reveal the Japanese sense of beauty in form. Tho old gold flowered lacquerware — tho astonishing box in which sweetmeats (Kwashi) are kept — tlio diaphanous porcelain wine cups, dnslred witli a single tiny gold figure of a leaping shrimp ; tho teacup holders, which are curled lotos leaves of bronze ; even tho iron kettle, with its flgurings of dragons and smoke, and tlio brazen hibachi, whose bandies aro heads of Buddhist lions, dolight tho oyo nnd surprise tho fanoy. . . , Indeed, whorover to-day in Jnpan one sees something totally uninteresting in poreclain or metal,— something commonplace and ugly — one may be sure that detestablo something has been shaped by foreign influence. But here I am in ancient Japan ; probably .no. European eyes over looked upon these things before. , ' A window shaped like a heart peeps out upon tlio garden— a wonderful little gardon witli a tiny pond and miniaturo bridges and dwarf trees, liko tho landscape of a t'oaoup ; also somo shapoly stones, of cuurso, and some' graceful stono inntorns or toros, such as aro placed in tho courts of templos. And beyond these, through the warin dusk, I soo lightB — colored lights— the lanterns of the Bonku, sus pended before each boinoto welcomo the coming of beloved ghosts, for by tho antiquo calendar, according to which in this antiquo place the reokoaing of timo is still made, this is tho first uight of tbo Festival of the Dead. As in all tho other littlo oountry villages where I havo boon stopping, I find the peoplo hero kind to mo with a kindness nnd a oourtesy unimaginable, indosaribablo, unknown in any other oountry, and, ovon in Japan itBolf, only ill tho interior. Tiioir exquisite politonosB is not nn art ; tiioir goodnoss is absolutely unconscious goodness ; both oomo straight from tho heart And boforo I havo been two boars among tlieso peoplo their treatment of me — coupled with the scuso of my uttor inability to ropny sueh kindness, caused a wicked wish to come into my mind. I wish tlioso charming folk would do mo somo unoxpootod wrong— something sur prisingly evil, somotliing atrociously unkind — so thnt I should not be obliged to regret tliain' always, ovoli to tho degreo of being foolish, which I feel suro I mUBt' begin to do as soon as I go nway. "Whilo tho aged landlord oonduots mo to tho bath, whoro ho insists upon washing mo him- solf ns if I woro a oliild, tho wifo prepares for us a charming little repast, of rise, oggs, vege tables and sweetmeats. Sho is strangely in doubt about her ability to pleasa mo— ovon after I havo oaton enough for two mon — and. apologises too muoh for not being nblo to offer mo more. , "Thoro is no fish," she says, " for to-day is tlio first day of tile Bonku, -the Festival of the Dead— being tlio thirteenth dny of tho month. On tho thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth day of tho month nobody may eat fish. But on tbo morning of tho sixteenth day tho fishormcu go out to oatoh fish, aud everybody who has both parents living mny cat of it. But if ono linn lost ono's father or mother, then ono must nut cat fish upon tho sixteenth day." Even while tho kind soul is thus oxplaining, I booome aware of a strange remote sound from without — a solind I rccogniso only through memory oi tropical dauoos— a measured dap ping of hands. But this, dapping is vory soft nnd at long intervals. And at still longor. in tervals thoro oomcs to us a single heavy mufilcd booming — tlio tap of a great drum, a tomplo drum. " Oh I wo must go to sue it," ories Akira," it is tho Bon-Odori, tho dance of tho Festival of the Dead. And you will see tho Bon- Odori danced hero as it is novor danood in oitios — tho Bon-Odori of anoiont days. For customs have not oiiangod horo, but in tho oities all in oliangod." . So I hasten out, wearing only, like tho poople about mo, one of those light wido Bloevod summer rohos — yukata — which aro furnished to nalo guests at all Jnpanoso hotels ; but the air is so warm that, oven thus lightly dad, I find mysulf slightly porspiriug. And tlio liigbt is divino— still, clear, vaster than nights of Europe —with a liugo whito moon flinging down. sharp queer shndowa of tilted eaves and horned gabits, and delightful silhouettes of roboil Japanese. A pretty boy, tho grandson of our host, lends tho way with a crimson pnpor lantern, and tho Bonorous echoing of gotns, tho koro-koro of woodon sandals, fills all tho street — for many aro going whither wo aro going— to seo the- danoe. . A littlo whilo wo proceed along tho main streot, then traversing a narrow passage between two liousos wo suddenly find ourselves in a great' open spneo flooded by- moonlight. This is tho dancing plnoe, but tho dnnoo lias aeased for a tiino. Looking about mo I perceive that wo nre in the court of mi nnciont Buddhist temple. Tbo temple building itself remains intnot, a low long peakod silhouette against tho starlight ; but it is ail void and dark and unhallowed now ; it line boon turned, thoy tell mo, into a sohool house. Tho priests are gono' ; the great bell is gone ; the Buddhas and tho Bodhisattvas have vanished.' all Save otie, a broken bunded Jizo of stono, Bmilingi with eyelids closed; A faint, swcot, half mooking smllo undor tho moon. In the eontro of tho oourt is a framework of bamboo, supporting a great drum ;' and about it bonohos havo bodn arranged — benches from the sohool houso— on which .villagers . aro resting. Thoro is a, hum of voiocs— voices of peoplo. speaking vory low, , as if expecting some thing solemn— and merry troblo orios of ohildron betimes anil soft laughter of girls. And behind tho court beyond a low hodga of somliro overgroeu shrubs. I sco far soft whito lights, and a host' of tall groy shapes throwing long slmdows ; and I know that tho iightsaru the whito Inntorns of tho dead(thoso hung in coihetdrloii only),' and that tlio groy shapes nre shapes of tombs. Suddenly a girl rises from hor seat,' nnd taps the hugo drum onae. It is the signal for tho danco of souls. Out of tho shadow of tho anciont temple, a processional lino of Uauoars flics into the moon light nnd as suddenly halts— nil young womon or girls, clad in their oliuiaost attire ; the tallest leads, hor comrades follow in ordor of staturo — lovos of littlo maids of 10 or 12 years compose tho ond of tho prooossion. Figures lightly poisod as birds, figures that somehow recall tlio dreams of shapos circling about certain antique vases ; those charming Japanese robes, oloso clinging about the knees, might seem, but for the great fantastic drooping sleeves, nnd tho ourious broad, comely girdles confining them, designed after the drawing of soino Greek or Etruscan artist. And, at another tap of tlio drum, thoro begins a performance impossible to pioturo In words — something un imaginable, phantasmal, boautifully weird— a danoe, an astonishment. All together glide the right foot forward ono pace, without lifting tlio sandal from tho ground, and extend both hands to tho right, with n strange floating motion, as of swimming, r.:.d r. mlii(sg'my.Uri«ui oboiaiuce. Then the right foot Is drawn bnok, with a repetition of the waving of hands and tho mysterious bo'W. Thou all advance tlio loft foot nnd repent tho previous movements, half turning to tho left. Then all , tako two .gliding paces forward, with a pipglo simultaneous soft elap of tho hunds, ttud tho first performanoo is reiterated, alternately to right and loft — all the sandaled foot gliding togatlier — all ' the supplo hands graving togothor,— all tho pliant ' bodies bowing and swaying togcthor. And so— slowly, weirdly, houutifully — the prooossioiinl movement ohnngos into a great round, oir- oling about the moonlit court, and around .tbo Toioclcss orovd of spectators. And always tbo white bands sinuously wave together as if weaving spoils, alternately with out and within the round— now with palms upward, now with palms downward— and all tbo elfish sleovos hover duskily together, with & shadowing as of wings ; nnd all the beautiful feot poise togothor— with amazing synchronism — with such a rhythm of complex motion, that, in watching it, ono feels a sensation of hypnotism, as whilo striving to watch a Ilowlng and shim mering of water. ' And this soporous allurement is Intensified by a dead hush. No ono speaks, not ovon a spec tator. And, in tho long intervals between the soft olapping of hands, ono liears only the shrilliug of tho . criokots in tlio trees nnd the aim sliu of sandals, lightly stirriug tho moon silvered dust. Unto what, I ask myself, may this bo likonod? -Unto no thing, yet it suggests somo strango fanoy of somnambulism, dreamers, who dreatn themsolves flying, dream ing upon tiioir foot. And thuro oomes to mo tho thought that I am looking at something immemorially old— some thing belonging to tho unrecorded beginnings of this Oriental life— perhaps to tho orapusoular lCamiyo itsolf, to tho magical ago of the godB, a symbolism of motion whoreof tho moaning has boon forgotten for innumerable yoars. Yot moro and moro unreal tbospeotaole appoars, with its slluut sinilings— with its silent bowiugs, as of oboisanoo to watobors invisible ; and I find mysolf wondering whotlier, woro I to utter but a whisper, all would not vanish for ever — save tlio groy mouldering oourt and the desolate tomplo, and tho broken statuo of Jizo — smiling 'always tho same mysterious smile I seo upon the faoes of the dancers. . Undor tho whocllng inoon, in tho midst of tho round, I feel as oho within tho oirclo of a charm. And ' vorily this is enchantment. I am bo- witohed— bewitched by tlio ghostly weaving of tho hnnds, by tlio rhythmic gliding of tho comely foot — above nil, by tho flitting of tho marvellous sleeves— npparitionnl, sonndloss, Velvety as a . Hitting of great tropical bats. No, nothing I over oven dreamed erf could be likonod to this. . And witli tho consciousness of tho ancient hakaba behind mo, and tho weird invitation of its lan terns, and the ghostly' beliefs of the hour and place, there suddenly creeps upon, mo a name less, vapory, tingling sonso of being haunted. But no ! — those gracious, silout, waving, woav- ing Bhapos aro not of tho shadowy folk for whose coming tho white fires woro kindled— a strain of song, full- of sweet, clear quavering as tbo call of a bird, gushes from somo girlish mouth — and 5Q soft voices join tlio chant— Sorota sui'oimasliita odorlkoga sor&ta;, Soroikito kita lutru yukata. " Uniform' to; View as (ears, of young rico ripening in the field), all clad alike in summer festal robe's, "tlio company' of ' dauoers havo assembled." Again only tho shrilling of tho orickots, the shu-shu of feet, tho gentle olapping, aud the wavering, hoverihg witchery of . the meuBure preoeods in silence, witli mesmeric lentor, with n nalvcti of graoe, whioh by its very strangeness, scorns old as tho cuoircling hills. Those who sloop tho sleep of ccnturicB out thoro— under tho tall stoiios where tho whito lanterns aro — and their fathers, and tho fathers of their -fathors' fathers, and tho unknown generations behind them, buried in comoterios of whioh tlio placo lias been forgotten for n thousand years— doubtless looked upon a scuno liko this. Nay! Tlio wan dust stirred by those lithe foot was beautiful human lifo— nnd so smiled and so sang undor tbo solf saina moon, "witli woven paces and with waving hands." Suddenly a deep male chant breaks tho hush. Two giants have joined tho round, and now lead it. Two superb young mountain peasants, nearly nude, 'towering head and shouhlers above tho whole of tho assembly. Their yukatas are rolled about their loins like girdles, leaving their bronzed limbs and torsos naked to tho warm air. They wear nothing else, save their huge picturcsque straw hats and white tabi, Japanese digitated stockings, or rather socks, donned expressly for tho festival. Never before among thoso people saw I such men, such thews ; but their smiling beardless faces are comely and kindly as those of Japanese, boys. They seem brothers— so like in frame, in movement, in tho very timbre of their voices, as they intone tho same song : — No demo yama demo ko wa umiokeyo, Sun ryo kura yori ko ga takara. " Whether brought forth upon tho mountain or in tho field, it matters nothing ; more than e -treasure of 1000 ryo tho precious baby is." And Jizo, the lover of children's ghosts, smiles across tho silence. Souls close to Naturc's pure vast soul are those— naively touching their thought, like tho worship of that Kishibojin to whom wives pray. . And after the silenoo, the sweet thin voices of tho women answered : — Oiuou otoko ni Bowa santi ova wa, Oyntlo gokaranu.|cu no katnki. "Tho parents who will not allow their girl \- to bo united with her lover, thoy aro not tho parents, but tho enemies of their obiid." And song follows song, -and the round ovor becomes larger ; and the hours pass unfolt, un heard, while tho hugo muon wheels slowly down tho blue stoops of tho west A deep low boom of bronzo rolls suddenly across the night, tho rioh tuno of somo templebell telling tho twelfth hour. Instantly the witch craft ends, like tho wonder of some sweot dream broken liy a sound ; tbo chanting ceases, tho ruund dissolves in an outburst of liappy laughtar and ohnttering and softly vowolled callings of flower- names, which aro names of girls, aud protty farewell orios of Sayonara ! as dancers und spectators aliko betake them selves homeward, witli a great koro koro of getas. And I, moving with tho throng, in tho bowil- dorcd speechless manner of ono summoned sud denly from oleep, ' know' myself ungrateful. These silvery-laughing folk who now toddle along beside mo upon tlrelr noisy little oiogs— stop ping very fast to got a poop at my forolgn face —those, but n moment ogo, were visions ofnrolis aio grace, illusions of necromancy, dolioious phantoms ; and I feel a vague resentment against them, for thus materialising into gontlo, simple, country girls. And I foel also tho Vain regret of ono awakened from a dream, whose exquisite brokon ehnrm must over haunt him, until suah time as he himself shall have become only a droam iq the memory of friends." ' 