THE TOURIST. A LAZY HOLIDAY ON THE RIVER. [I.-Br AN ITINERANT.] OUR NEGLECT OF OUR RIVER-ATTRAC TIVENESS or DISTANT WATERS-AN ARID TR« CT AND A NEW ORDER OF KNIGHT HOOD-THE RAILWAY MAN AS TICKET PUNCHES - MORGAN - THE RIVER STEAMERS-THEIR WHISTLES. " The River" is the Murray. Captain Sturt discovered the Darling in 1828, and practically discovered the Murray in 1829. The great majority of South Australians have not even yet discovered their only respectable watercourse, the Northern Territory being always most expressly excepted in this generalization. Statis tics concerning the Adelaide visi tors to the Murray would probably prove that our river has not been tra velled upon by more than one or two per thousand of all the city folk who dwell ?within the sound of Me. Cohen's voice in a no-confidence debate, and who endanger their sanity by trying to read the hour at . night from a distance upon the spider webby-looking dial of the General Post Office clock. Yet the Murray is but a few miles off. You may reach it by spending only a little more money than it costs to go to the Theatre. In the proper season you may steam from Goolwa along the Murray and the Darling about 2,50l> miles into the heart of Eastern Australia, and enjoy yourself, repair your broken health, and all the time troubleyourpocket less than if you merely devoted your holi day to an olfactory analysis of the varied aromas of Melbourne, or to an inspection of "our beautiful harbour," of which the Sydney people ?trc so proud that they surely must have made it themselves I Xf the Murray were a thousand miles away; . it would be the correct thing for Adelaide people to make excursions upon it. Dis tant waters are the finest. It is so much more romantic to read descriptions -made alluring by legends manufactured according to the demand-of the American Mississippi, than to get one's o cm descrip- , tions and invent one's own traditions upon the Australian Mississippi. Not- , withstanding, scenes like many of those described by Mfttk T wbiq in his Mississippi i books are being reproduced regularly within an easy railway journey of Ade laide-all except the mad steamer races, with a negro sitting upon the safety-valve of the driving machinery. The Radical and I started in February upon a self-imposed mission to rediscover the River Murray on behalf of the people of South Australia and of her future de pendencies of New South Wales and Victoria. The journey to Morgan is 100 i mites long, and very leisurely. If there should be mora sterile-looking country than that between Eudunda and the ter minus it bad better be- seen in pictures than in reality. Yet courageous Anglo-, Australians who are not mad "take up", this country, endure its. heat, its dust, its flies, its waterlessness, and its depressing scenery, and some of them make money, out of their enterprise. Not many .of. them perhaps-not more than the pro portion who' gain profits by buying shares or tickets in Church bazaars-but still some. "Verily they deserve their reward. Now that English potentates: are considering whether they should, not strengthen the painter which moors the Australian dingy to "the wooden' walls of old England" by inventing a new, order of Australian honours, a suggestion by the Radical may be useful to Lord. Salisbury when this article from the Register is cabled to him in the ordinary course. The Radical proposes that the initials of the new knighthood should be K.C.M.S.S.B.C.-Knight Commander of the Murray Scrub and Salt Bush country. "Yet, mark my words," the Radical continues, with his one remaining eye rolling in the surges of prediction, "the day will come when these arid plains shall blossom like unto the dandelion in September: for assuredly the subterranean I waters which flow uselessly to help the Murray to waste itself in the sea shall be brought to the surfaoe by artesian wells; from the river shall run huge aqueducts, and the thirsty land from Morgan even to Kapunda shall be one vast smiling irri gated, vineyard." The hilarity of the Radical's prospective vineyard would, probably be- modified, when his vision was realized, by a pro gressive land tax devised in the interests of true Democracy, Sir ; but if people will be industrious, and make money, and put money into land, they must be expected to pay for their blessed privilege. The most natural remarks elicited by the unattrac tive scenery of the region at present are the sterterious snores which arise occa sionally from wearied travellers whose rest and whose breakfast have suffered in the effort to catch the early morning train. One great advantage enjoyed by the Morgan Railway has not been sufficiently advertised; it enables pas sengers to sleep without sleeping cars. At least, it would enable them to sleep if the officials on -lie line were given some other antidote to injurious meditation than that of cutting up your ticket. " The man who thinks is dangerous." There fore the South Australian Railway regu lations seem to prescribe that whenever a guard or a ticket-taker on the train finds himself in jeopardy of thinking, with nothing else to do, he shall rush to the passengers, and, demanding their tickets, savagely bite pieces out. of them with a sharp toothed pair of nippers. When you reach your destination the remains of your rail way ticket would look most like a bit of old-fashioned Gothic style stiff em broidery, if its gradually accumulated' dirt and the embossed figures which some of the punches stamp upon it did not make it so much resemble a detached piece of papyrus, with hieroglyphics im printed thereupon. The Radical intends to propose that a Royal Commission should be appointed to ascertain what dire offence railway tickets have com mitted, or what awful wickedness they are likely to commit, since it is necessary to be continually punching them. As Royal Commissions are now considered by outsiders to be a convenient means of adding to public patriots-' in comes in Borne cases, the Radical's pro posal will probably be carried. The ex pense of a Commission, however, seems to me to be quite needless. It is clear that the railway officials are mercifully forced to punch the tickets so as to exercise their muscles and distract their minds from brooding upon the scenery. It is a philanthropic idea, and: one development only it lacketh! Each pas senger should be provided by the depart ment with a little tray in which to gather up and hold the shattered remains of his ticket after the officers have finished 'punching it. Travelling upon a hot summer's day, you arrive at Morgan in a partially molten state. The wonderful dry heat of the place-what a sanitorium for old world consumptives it might be made ! soon hardens you again, and prepares you for future contingencies in a climate still more severe than this. Morgan is a town of unrealized expectations. It started to grow big audi then suddenly stopped, and the parts which did grow have begun to seemi withered and old. The houses, look out of their windows in a painfully surprised fashion-for houses have a distinct phy siognomy, and an interesting study that physiognomy is if you will only pursue i~. -as , though they wece afflicted with pqipetual astonishment at the marvellous way in which. South Australia has blun dered over the river trade, by making railways expressly designed to fight each other and te> combine to kill the natural river port. A fellow-traveller assured me confidentially that no other such specimen of Governmental fatuity had been known since the Deluge, and as he waB once con nected with an Upper House he ought to be an authority upon antediluvian matters. The comment of another expert was that South Australia is at last awaking to an idea of the importance of the trade which the other colonies are stealing from her, only that her awaken ing is coming gradually like the arrival of the'Millenium, when the battle Sag shall be' furled, &c.; For the rest of the quotation refer to almost any recent federation speech, peroration division. An antedeluvian illustration like that which has just been used harmonizes with your feelings when, having inspected the really capital hydraulic railway appliances at the wharfs and talked to. the Scotch engineer-did you ewr know an engineer who was nob a Scot ?-you drop vyour portmanteau uponthedeckof your driver steamer. Like the camel-''the ship of the desert"-a river steamer is not built for beauty,. although it is as pleasant and, as comfortable as any well-disposed tourist should require. " Handsome is that handsome does." The Radical Bays that our little steamer must, be the original. Noah's Ark; but having driven bullocks in the early days -he is not well up in the Scripture, else he would have known that the 'original Noah's Ark did not contain a steam* engine. He must, therefore, be mis taken. Noah's general plan of architec ture, however, has been followed with variations by' the builders of . the usual type of light-draught river steamers, in spite of the fact that Noah had plenty of depth of water for hu vessel. A rough nursery model of the craft may bo easily made. Pat upon a kitchen tray four upright stilts ; partly within and partly above those stuts fasten a large wooden match box, and atop of that fix a small match-box; add a pair ol paddle-boxes, and a funnel, and that will do for all practical purpoaes. The great idea is to get a broad beam upon your boat, so that you may float over Bnoals and snags, and moor to the bank in water shallow enough almost to ground a tub unless the tub's keel should trespass upon the mud. Yet, as we have already noticed, these river craft are wondrously cosy, and comfort' able too, apart from their embarras sing tendency to levity. For they are always whistling. At sea, as we are told in realistic detail in every nautical novel, the furious wind whistles through the rigging of the doomed ships, &c.; As these .boats have no rigging for the wind to perform upon they must supply their own music, or elBe go without any, and the way in which they meet the emergency is a convincing proof of marvellous adaptability. In fact, they have made their own whistle their speciality. In your contemplation of this fact you are almost ready to forget the other fact that the perpetual whistle will not permit you to sleep any more than the railway officials would do earlier in your journey. Now the steamer whistles as it starts, and again as it pulls up at a woodheap to replenish the fuel, for which it has a remarkable appetite, equalled only by that of a small boy at a Sunday-school treat; then it whistles as it approaches some other steamer; presently it whistles when it runs into the soft bank to load:& bale or two of merchandise, or to drop or to pick up a passenger. These may be called the regularly prescribed and authorized whistles, but the river steamer whistle pipes up beEideson extra occasions. It varies the monotony of a longish stretch of journey, otherwise unbroken, by whistling as if though just to keep itself from feeling lonely and nervoUB ; if it touches a snag it whistles ; it whistles at one time because it doeB see or fancies that it sees something along the stream ; it whistles at another time because it . does not see something along the stream; and it dissipates its remaining energy whilst an ounce of steam is left by whistling cheerily to its special old acquaintances amongst the chief land . marks along the banks, or competing with the doleful night song of the curlew. Our Parliamentary Poet Laureate, Mr. Caldwell, once wrote a weird poem about a ghost that haunts the Murray banks, but he omitted to state what fell disease had caused that ghost to walk and flit. I have pleasure in supplying the deficiency. The Coroner's verdict should have attri buted the death of the deceased to "a perpetual attack of steamship whistle."' The screaming of the whistle, and the groaning and the hissing of the machinery make up a concert, and the thick clouds of black Bmoke, speckled by myriads of bright red. sparks, shot fiercely out of the steamer's funnel, repre sent a scene, which may fairly have justified the aboriginals' old theory that the Murray steamer was the white man's devil just as gold was the white man's god. Some nervous women are in pain ful trepidation all the time they are on board the boats, but there is no real occa sion for fear: If anything particular should happen to the craft you may almost walk ashore in some parts of the river at summer time, and all you have, to do is to arrange that your accidents shall occur at those particular places. Nervous, women do not, however, think of' that or appreciate it. Perhaps they' remember the auecdote of the thankless: man who reached the bank of another river as the only survivor after a steam* boat explosion. " What a lucky escape you have had;."' somebody said effusively. ** Lucky !" he anBWerod with a fromi* "Why, my boots are wet through^and look at this confou&ded; mud oa, my trousers." We had a nervous woman on board, and she had a husband who ought to be able to find profitable occupation as a Eortable antidote to hysteria. On the ist night of our travels she dlectared, excitedly " Really, now, I feel thai I cannot dare not-go to bed until this steamer is moored to the hank. She groaoaso and shakes so that I'm terribly afraid she'll capsize, or stick in the mud, or-or go to pieces!" " Oh, you'd better go to bed," growled the practical husband; " there's no danger of wfat you talk about happen ing. -Wbe only-thing that you hare to ie*r.te-tlrtit 'U bust." ' ? - ^66V Xvimiaii went'off in despaif to : 'faer-ottbin.' 4V&q;»iehtly the steamers' do flrnn iipGti snogs, «tid eome of them h&ve; l»en;-Bttaj$ed in earnest and sunk to: .thfe'bdtWm. At -this time of year the . -Seethe vessels go> aground^Tnd" to tffllsch -the: arducrtis effoits Of the whole -ship's ?Company to get them off by faatemng 'Wjpefi to thiB tree, that tree/dr ithe-jtfHer ?trefe,and by hauliig upon those "opes; ' 'ttntal the: snaky craft creaks and groans1 dgaiin and again. - The Mchvotd th6ii ^s,1 i,**Iiobk <rtit for the -ropes." 1 d®e ;<slttiin > is .attiraes eo interise fchat'the -hemp Bn^ps -4ike thread, ' and the "flying 4jnde are dangerous. ' it-while^ago akiirfok aboufchatKi, workinghispaseage -upon tone of the boats, incautiously 1 'got 'iiisleg ^titangled in a hauling r6pe. Tightening Suddenly the line okit' his foot '«le'4n,;6ff, .arid he, dropping overboard, wasdrowried. 