THE RIGHT SORT' EOMANOE OF THE 8HIHE?. Mw. EDWARD KENKAJtl). CHARTER XVTII, — A.T Mn. ruin's YAUD On Tuesday afternoon at the anpfinted hour the two girls, accompanied by Stirrap and pre- ceded bjGriBctto, drove up to Mr. Phipns'e door. TJere, although the church clock was ODly just chiming three, they found Colonel Clinker awaiting their arrival. »t on cone h J exclaimed cheerilv, " how Jataoualy punctual We all are !" ! ! 5are we .kl,t yQU on g ?" aflkod Kate. 2 an mstant; I have hat this minute arrived. And now we had better adjourn to the yard, where I believe Phipps already is." Updn which ho handed them out of the phaeton, and led the way. Mr. Phipps was engaged in a critical and depreciatory examina tion of Qrisotte, who, in justice) it might be owned, looked uncommonly well, She had re- oovered from her recant exertions in the bunt ing-field, and was fit and fresh, added to which (on a hint from Colonel Clinker of her probable departure) StirTup had carefully fed her With plentiful bran masbes the last few davs. 41 This, I presume, ie the mare you spoke to sm a nte tii f ' o a i rl \r» th, _i 1 , . . . \- ,.| . , "'i'i'o lu ouiuuei i unuer, revolving the toothpick he invariably carried in his mouth from cue tiQo to the other, and slotting his hat to the ladies. He was a large, square-built man, with eandr Lair, frofth complexion, and light brown evca. He would have parsed as good-looking had it : cot beau for hia teeth, which were discoloured and straggly, like the Lrokra-down lichen- covered stumps of park palings, with consider able intervalB botwoen them, which caught the aye and fascinated it, as a serpent fascinates a bird, each time ha entered iuto conversation. His voice was deep, his delivery biow and momentous, producing atl imjucs-ion of superior knowledge on the unaccusto med listener, while ercry now and again uu old twiuklo appeared iu his humorous cyrs, which proved catching in the extreme, aod formed u curious contrast to the general staid gravitv of his demeanour. Mr. Puipcs had begun lite as ©table -helper, and had risen to the position he now occupied through natural taleot. He was not ashamed of hi j origin, and in fact freuueatly -alluded to it, holding up bis career as an. en- j courag-:-.iicut to young men starling in life without luoi.oy or friends. ''It's the compe tition as does us now-a-days," he was won't ij eay, " uu.i the bid-plucked uiih give in directly. »Succas3 is hke a etoue wall. You may take "a 'ammer and a long nail, and try to drive the nail 'orac. Well! most people gets ais'eartened after a vmy low attompU, but if you go on 'miner. 'tiiumsr, not all day but every dij-, you cud hy paklug your mark upon thr.t stcne wall, and doing pretty well what you pieiae with it. Perbeveranc and pluck togathi-r wdl always g tin thu vict >ry in the luug run, but bless my 'oart alive, these young spirt;? is ii; too much oi a 'uiry. They don't kuo.v 'or- to wait, and wait, aud wait, mavbe fur >eirs, and yet keen up theii pecker ali the tniii-." Proui which oblurvdtion? it may be gathered Mr. Phippj was a rr?mavkabio man iu Lis way. He now drew in his toothpick with an adieu of cartBsiug suction, unci remarked once mere — " So this is the mare, Colonel, ehr" " Yei, Painpi, this is the animal I told you Miss Jlrewstr wished to part wi'.h." "Humph!" mid tho ejaculation, delivered, in Mr. Pnipps'b peculiar intonation, made Kate , who stood by Irttemiug, think more weauly oi her property than she had ever done before, oucb volumes of disparagement did it seem to imply. ' I'm not surprised at Miss Hrawser's wanting to get rid of 'cr. An outsider, now, might probably consider 'er a deceal-lookmg <|uadrup d, but she's terrible light in the toarrel, taking iuto account a3 how wo are only at the commencement of the eeaacn instead of near the end. She don't appear much like 'ard work, Whether they can Bland bunting or not mikes but little odds to me, you may eay, ouci the 'oiecs is eald. Very true, I answer, but then tli-»y must 'ate tho appear ance, even if like ourselves they sometimes turn out deceptions in the ond, Now, from the looks of 'ef. I'd lay q pony to a shilling that mare's a bad feeder." "Come, come, Phipps. Don't bzgin by crabbing, or we shall never get to bu-iuess," interrupted Colonel Clinker, knowing well the man with whom be bad to deal, aud bis pre vailing rhetorical weakuMSM. "You are just as well aware as lain that the beavy-csrcased beasts are not always those who got along the 'bast, and that a gross feeder is far more liable -to com.--, to grief in hia wind and a variety of different rwya than a moderate cue. A big body with inadeijtioie timber is a tiling to be carefully avoided. I'd nuch sooner have the lean frame on good undersVkndiogs, and the. mare has capital legs of her own, m clean as a four-year-old's. The fact of the mutAe, is, however, as I told you on Sunday morning, vha she proves a little too much for Miss Brewaer, and pulls rather more than is pleasant for a lady. They are not u// Mm. Forresters, you know, Fhipps. " 111\. r> -> ' W n .! /i , T n r\ rv. an ll.al ' ' o I > r, V- ing his hands in his pockets. "Knows as much about the ins and outa of a stable as I do iinyaelf." "Which is saying a good deal. \cw this mare of Miss Brewaer'a would be the very thiog for some of your hard-ridiug young customers. She goes a good pace, as I can testify, and does not kootf what it is to turn her head. Doth very desirable qualities, net to be met with every day." "That's true enough, Colonel," said Mr. I Fhipps, proceeding to feel Grieette's back ainewa witb professional soverity. " I see ehe'e got a wiudgill or two." "Mere nothings that will soon pasa nwav. Tou tlon't often fiuU a BGajoaeJ hunter with- out them.'' " .Yc li'ini;/ when you're sailing, .«; ><r iJ. i when you're buying," observed Mr. Fhipps, witb the twinkle before alluded to lighting up his piercing brown eyes. "IJuyerf nadeeller.- are apt to osamiuo objects fiorn a uiferent point of view." "Xow, I'hijipj. you're fur too sharp for me lo argue wi'.h. lUdore we w iste any tu ik time on preliminaries, suppose you show u= the brown horsj instead— Sir IticharJ you call him, do you not r" " Yes, (.'jlonul, that's 'is name. A name for a good 'oss, b&vs; I. " " And quite right, too. Well, we'll go at: 1 have a look at him, and see if Le takes Miss Browser's fancy or not. She is the person to " Hy all means," eaid Mr. Thipps with more .ytJ, uahtr- del up high .icipitiOD Ct u -.- aud take ,d in another h>6 tail, lav- tlw. rr. I-' ,lr . jred a in ruTls jt bceu over- titaudivig close upon 6ixlt;un bauds, en good short legs, dirk brown in colour, Willi a Juan intelligent head, txp?riug fears, Jiox.ule neck, dud a compact well -put-together Irauoo. "There i" said Mr, Pliipns with an air of assumed iudiJTerouoc, thouga ho kept his eyr rivctted on Co'.cnel Clinker's counteutftce, trying to icad e\rry pitaing espressiou de picUid thereon. "Tni-ie! You don't often see better-lonk.ng 'csa tlian that, though I «xys it a9 BhouUn't.'' " Yea, he's a tidy animil," reulied the other in tones of carreapauditig -.-.if. "I fihould rather thiuk lie" i. .i.," responded Mr, rhiips viviCiouBlv. "Thsru not much fault to be found , I tike it, oven by to uo:d a judge of 'osslksh as Oulunol Cimker. A 'Jl.e s cot easy to pick ;u Sir ICchard.'' " IlamiiQiue is as himlsuiue doi?," was the phlegmatic re itiitlder. "I'm atraiUof G>,i. Ha kaoTj'n businesg. There's Bome iileisure in ehowmg a Ln.l 'o-s lo & man like you, Colonel, as can rightly appre ciate 'im. Wbv, blose you! ar! thi people -who come here know uo more about a 'miter," and Mr. Phipps'e voice was filled With uiictttr- nble contempt, than they do about the man in the moon. It's like casting your pearls afore swine. Now I' toll you what 'appencd to nn' the other day, Colonel. A party urn veil who I had done various business transaction wiili." '"Mr, rhippa,' eer ho, ' I want a good 'oss.' " Very well, tir,' e/. I, 'I'll ii my bes'- to eervc you.1 " " lie likes a bit of blood, sol Bhjwedhitn a thoroughbred bay niire si atxeds iu tlie third box from hero," '"No. no. Phipps, that won't -In.' h- eer, Afor ever the iuiu could taku her clothicj oft. 'Too uuderbrej altogether, uud don't ihow enough quality. " "'She's iu the stud honk,' answer! a quickly as possible, ' and 'as nut lvcu a 6 tain od 'er pedigree.' " "Lor, Colouellyouehauldluvcaeeu'ihfice! I caver saw a man look so 6mall iu all my born daye." " 'She aint my clasi, Pkijqw,' aez he, turning as red as a turkey -cock, oud Bcutthng out into the yard." " ery well, air,f aaxl, ascool as a rucurtbor, 1 that's a different tbiog altogether.' " " I aik you uow, Colocel, what it the ood rub'.Uuea by atrangeinm with Ward, hock ecd Co. of showing a ititicmau Ukc 'un a decent 'Oos'r lie. pon'_t kaoiy orni uhou he sees it. There's taking tub saileuj a driver 00 mygh and nuts j _1DJ fiu cut of conceit, with his profiesinn aiihc; ignoiniice of hia cuatomors, It6 harder to ( bear than anything eke, and yet he dare not say f,w.or euughteu 'em for fear of getting iuto their bad books." ' It lmiBt bo yerjMryiag certainly," said the LoloucI .sympathetically, fully onterioc into Mr. Phipps's grievance?, and the gentleman you 1 oier to, inctead of buying hunters, ought to be relegated to the nursery." He had meanwhile scrutinised Sir Richard xrora top to too, felt hiB legs, picked up hu feet, punched his sides, examined both eye9, and peered into his open mouth. Then finding j Mr. 1'h.ipps'a asBertions were correct, and that I there waB indeed little room IcBt for criticum, ! he caid : "Let's have the lotbb out, Phipps, and eee how he moves." A Baddlo and bridle ware immediately pro duced, and Sir Richard, when all the prepara tions were complete, was led forth and mounted by the head man, who proceeded to ride him up and dowu the yard scverel times. "Good action, Colonel, isn't it;" raid Mr. 1 htppe, endoavourirg to extract a few words of commendation from so wary a customer. "Moves true all round, and gotB over the ground without any trouble to hisself." .o hui-n: \seu uuuer nitn, certainly," admitted the Hcnble. Jack, not to feu enBnaredinto any active approbation, " but," qualifyidg even this meed of praise, " he goes very close, much closer than I like to see." " That don't fcigmfy bo long as they don't brush, and I'll guarantee he neror hits those lege of his. Hut wait til! you see 'im jump. A finer fencer ucvev looked through a bridle, nor a cleaner, clever one. 'OwBomever, if you don't fancy 'im there's plenty as will. Ha'Il not be 011 my hands long. A'osslikn ?/,.»; won't ftiud idle for very manv dovB, He'll sell, and what'E more, cell 1 ell.' There's Miss Pdlliser, for instance, ho i3 on the look out for an animal good enough to win a steeplechase. She'd buy 1 i :ii like a b'uot if you don't take 'im. He'd suit Miss FnHiser clown to tho ground, for he's quiet and 'yi:t 'igh-couragfcd, just the Kort she bkes ; nud what's moi e he's a good stout os?, r.nd as fast as greased liglitninp. Hut 'im back, Tuiu. You can put him back," waxing to the man to tlop, " >'0 good knerking 'in: about i r bo don't t ike the Colonel's eve," be added with an air of injured innocence. Now Mr. l'lnp, 3 knew as well asposfiblethat r Uich.irJ take the Colonel's eye, but he was a dijdoTnitist, who thoroughly understood the. disnn, ant ige of miking bis wares nppeur too chc-ip. Tom, cu lua tide, intimately acquiiu'.ed with his mister's various tnctics, pre;urutoi v to taking the horse back iuto hit, stable rwiiii. "Stop a bt, don't be in such a hurry," inter - pojcd the Coicnel, who was far too old a hauj not to keep pace with every move of the game. "I'll j Liit throw my teg over him aud aee what sort 1 f a jrcl he gives you," " Ab you like, Colonel." returned Mr. Phipps with q renewed assumption of imlifftreuce, bis , object being now attained. "It'u all one to me. Take \m or leave 'mi " you please. A good 'oss can always fetch his price." ".So Miss Halliter'a thinking of buying Sir llicbardjis thel-" said Colonel Cliukev, while tho stirrups were beLng lengthened to his tatis- ' Most likely. She' not seen 'iai yet, though. I g.we you the refusal. Colonel." "Ah, ye?, to be 6ure' Very- good of vou, riitep." " Do you like the horse r'1 whispered Kate, coming up and patting Sir Richard's neik. " Very much indeed. Ilut if wc appear too kceu Phipps w.Il open his mouth. He6 a knowin t customer, not easily bested." "So I should imagine. I should have been utterly annihilated without your help. Mr. ! Phipps would soou have crushed mc into j " One must oppose thesj sort of people with their otd weapons ; nerer a very easy task tor a lady, even under the most favoutahlo circum- btauces. Eat Phipps is not half a bid fellow iu h;a way, cmca you get over his little pccularitieB of tnaoner. He's shrewd, thought at the same time wonderfully kiodhearted, and I feel quite sure he would not sell you a bad horse. He always prides himself on hh customers coming hack again, and what's more they generally do. A clever dealer's chief talent crmsiBts in know ing exactly how and where to place bifl goods, to which end it is neceasary he blouici possess a keen insight into human nature, and an iitiajate acqualiilaueo mill «ui fuililco. rnippo stands preeminent iu these respects, and there fore seldom makes a fmtsr prx." 41 1 shall got quite learned before long. Able to set un au f-stablisbment of my own." said Kate playfully. "Will you come and be my head man?" "Head man, rough-rider, stable-boy, any thing you please." he answered; then as he rode away he said carelessly to Mr. Phipps, " As MUs Palliaer never givei much for her honjts, presume you're not asking a long price, Phippa." "Two hundred, Colonel." replied Mr. PhioDS. feeline at Lost the negotiations were in fa:r way of being entered upon. " He's worth that any day." " H'm, two hundred is a goodi:h Bum for a thirteen -£ tone hunter. " " Do you think so. Colonel? Why Look at that there 'oas The Swell, as fetched four fifty at Tattersairs last week. He aint half so gocd an animal as Sir Richard, and eight year old into the bargain, 'Oases is terrible deirjust DOW.'' " I've never sefQ them otherwise when one Wis on the buy." "Now, Colonel, I appeal to you," said Mr. Phipps, roused to a sudden display of virtuouB indignation assumed for the occasion. " Can you txpectto find perfect manner?, good looks, 'igh courage, and sweet temper all combined, without having to pav summit for them ?" "Lit us go iute the field," said Colcn-il Clinker, " Miss Ilrewser will probably like to eee Sir Richard jump one or two of these break neck fences of your,." "Yes, indeed, I should very much," sa.d Kate. Vrhareupon Mr. Phipps threw open ,1 gate at the back of the var-i, which led into a fuir- ti.r-d paddock, where a flight of Lusbed-up iiurdhs, a low rail, and a couple of small arti ficial feo -e> were supposed lo test the powers of the annnuls about to be purchased. " I ae-e v.u've not nude them anv bigger Fine last winter," said Colonel Clinker with a saji.'e. "You don't want vour customers to corns to grief r" "They're big enough Colonel as it is— too big for ejaia of 'em. Now just vou take Sj R/Jiard, and pop l.itu over oue after the other." Tfcu» adiured Colonel Clinker did as he was tulJ. Sir Richard was evidently no novice, and knew q\>.te well what was expected of Liui ; st.il in bis case famii.i rity did not I reed cuu- ter.pt. lie love.l jumping clearl.v f:r bis owu sake, uud cocked \>\> small eit= and xvent resc- over'them i;ke a slag. Thenwhsu brought to a standstill, be etood arching his ueck with yluttful lmi-abencJ, while the ciimsou lsninpa of Li.-. Jieteuut .1 lio-trih sto ui out in striking con trast tu tho rich tau muzzle, aui the ewelluig veins teemed suddenly to have it-apt iuto lire. "Lor ble-s vou, Uies 1" exclaimed old Stirrup, who Lad 111 edging nearer und nearer to Kite, "he .-m. iuiii), and no mistake. Heau- tifub" 'Jump'" repeated Mr. Pomps in hia iy..'at 6-iptrior manner, and with au eU-vatiou of the vvelirow which seeoied to express surprise at the tardiness of the o'.ber'a uincovoty. " did I U'jt'fL' you he could jump from the iirit , onily cone of vou believed what I sail ? dump, iu- d«d ' \YLy, ihrt there 'oss would carry vour young lidy hke a bird. NKbody would touch ei"'lte'B .a nic 'oss." euid the ucsophiiticated Stirrup in replr. M-jautime thy Honble. Jack was putting Sir Rich ird through nil his paces, and the horn? BU'tued to take a pleasure iu vu-lding to the delicate touch that directed L.m'as with a silken thread, strongly yet lightly. Mr. Phipps stcod by, chewing Lis toothpick, in silent admi'aticu. He \va» a devoted fobower cf the < '.»lonel, whose good borseman- sbiji hail rn&uy; ttmet guitied Liu: various sums ' You don't often come at ro-s euch a rijf r,' he reuis; ked iu c .ufidnucc ti; Kate, who ui o wwatcLiug the lloubte.. Jack's movements. " Have vcu e'veree-n 'im rido a rac«r" No 1 as hbe shook her lit a i m a lament. "Wt-ll. I tell vou it's the prettied Bight in the world H»» never takes a vurd more out of hia ossth.mn iit-.-jssitv, but ju.t comes iu the luf. tew ttri.le. aud wins ou tbr post as cool ai Qjucumb-r. For my part, I'd i ather see 'in: up than two thir-'n m the pert, smcub'i jorkpys. He's got a ntvle about his ridiug, nuj a limFli, n it one man in teu jbusa-.d evr attains to. " Nha siuded at Mr. Phipps in euch n fricudlv war that that genttemtn, who was bv r:u rueiiiF ii.EEiisihlfl to fenjinsuu fasriuations, grew still mare diBCiirrive. She allowed Liiu tn ramble on nt bi« will. He had ajipir. ntly hit ujiou a congenial topic of couvtrjatioji. Slie liLid to lse»r Cclouvl Clinkei's yr''it5 sung, and even a Jong rrc.tal cf bcuib famous exploit he had performed mr.niha ago at Kemptoa Park failed to wvary V.er or prove too grnt a tax mi her attention. Mr. Phipps, o/ibiaeide, discovered that those big gr<-y eyes had u charming way of looking at Luu, aud the ts- presEivo face ot smiling pleasantly. Hebron i went to fur aa iy contemjilale arhktber, under I preBSure, lio might not be iuduced to knock by© pounds off tho hacdsome profit ho contem- ! plated making. His meditations on this point reached no very definite r.onclfisione, bring disturbed bj the return of Colonel Cliuker, who, throwing the reins on Sir Richard's neck, and lightly vaulting to the ground, whispcrco iu Kate's ear : " He'li do, He's a real nice horse, with easy paces Rnd good mouth, and he gives you a wonderful feel over his fences. I really think he a worth the money Phippa is asking. Hut, of course, you are the person to deride. Now supposing Phippa could be induced to spring a hundred for Grisetle, the question b would ; J"ou let her go at that price ?' ' He did not wish to influence her actions in any way, feeling a certain delicacy in doing flo. Nevertheless it was a relief to hitn when 1 she answered without hesitation . Yes, I would. She coat two hundred and thirty, but I don't expect to get anything like what I gave ; besides," looking up at him with a frauk senile, " I have 6uch perfect confidence in your knowledge of horaefiesh that I should feel quite aatisfied at any arrangement you choose to make." " 1 He would not have been man, with man's store of vanity and human weakness, had he not felt flattered by the naive difference con tained in this speech, had not the womauly iraet it displayed appealed to hifi Belt-esteem, " You are very kind," he said, " but you ought to r,de the horse yourself before coming to any final decision," " I'm afraid I can't in my present crippled J condition," she replied. , " Ah ! how stupid of me ; I waB quite for- gctting. I "Isot at all. Since ijctt have ridden Sir j Richard, aud pronounce a favourable verdict, / am conteut to accept it without reserve. What would my humble opinion be compared to yours.;1' Auii as the liquid vyc6 looked up at him they Bent a thrill of pleasure to his heart. "You may ha quite certaiu that in making any bargain, Mi:s Hrewecr, I shall do my utmost to promote your interest in every way/1 " I feci sure of it. I can't think why you s.ioulJ be so goud to a helpless youug woman like myself." She bated the words when she had spoken ihctn, for they recalled that poEFiblc object which ehe strove so bard to keep in the back ground, and which his prosence dissipated hke smoke in the air. Hut he, not knowing all her thoughts, allowed the gratification be ex pcriunccJ to upptar in ms face. The cool wiutiy pun cat a last flickering ray on the houcst f-'ituios, the fair hair, and drooping moustache U3 he EtcGd closoto her side while thev held this short aud whispered co'lojuy, Th'uiou cornuussion me to make the best bargain I can, subject to a trial with hounds r" he said, in the tone of a mn.n asking for final instructions. " I cntuDiisrion vru to do whatever vou thiuk best. Tueu- \ I can't euy more, can I : J?o now to busines?." "Mr. Phip; 5," paid Cjlonel Clinker, ad- dff.vi.ng that gentleman, who had stood aloof, though a keen observer of what passed, 11 Miss Hrewser wishes to see if we cau do a deal together. " Certainly." caid he. "Whereupon the whole party promptly retired into au inne-r eauctum, where all transactions were defi nitely concluded, and within whose four walls cany a sale had been effected, many a Loree changed bands. Mr. Phippa, detaching a key from among a bunch be produced from his trouscrfi pocktt, now unlocked the door nf a cuphaard, and as & preliminary brought forth a couple of black bottles, a decanter of sherry, and half a dozen wine glasses. "Now," Baid the Colonel straightforwardly, " there's no use taking up your time, Pbippe, in bmting about the bush, MiasBrewaer likea S.r Richard. The question is, what would you be prepared to allow in exchange for the grey Mr. Phipps stretched his leg9 out under the table, subsided in his chair, and appeared ab sorbed in the roost abstruse calculations. " WplI, really Colonel," he replied after a considerable pauso " that's a most difficult question to answer, and one requiring a deal of thought, "Would it not be batter far MiiB Browser to tellme what price stie puts upon the maro 'r It would clear the way, eo to apeak, aud make it eancr for both partiea to come to on agreement." " hha cost two hundred and thirty," eaid Kata, giviog no direct reply in aaBwei to hia appeal. "Ah! that may bo easy enough. But the thing to consider "'s not what ehe but what she's uoriL " Well, well, Fhipps, it'B for you to make Rome sort of proposition," interrupted Colonel Clinker. "The mate's rising seven, sound, and a bkely nag, as yon have had the upper tuuity of ascertaining." " Would not do more than cxrry a boy of fourteen," objected he musingly. " Nousansa, PhippB. She'll carry the larger half of your customer, I'll be bound." " What, combined, Colonel. She would be a good ' u n to do that,' ' ' Vn fu>narnk»Ir nf i-nnnn Clomp, nnw. I'hipps, we're wasting time, and since you don't apem disposed to make any offer on your eiris, I must do it on mine. If you like to allow MissBreweer a hundred for the grej mare, abe'R seud you a chcqne for the remaining hundred to morrow morning, "What Bay you to ibe bargain r" Once more Mr. Phipps allowed the gravity of his decisions to be felt by a prolonged silence. Then be shrugged h:e ehoulders, shook his head, aud aaid deliberately — " I could not do it, Colonel, could not do it anyhow. My expenses would not even be paid, let alone any profit. " Come, corue, Phipps ! Old friends like you and 1 don't t; <7iR to make a big profit out of each other. We've doue one another too many good turns for that." The stern expression of Mr. Phipps's face softened. " Ah, Colonel !"' he said relenting, " vou're a terrible hand at gettiug round a fellow s weak " And a very good thing too. If we didn't oicaiioii'iily find our tender spots aud keep them fresh and green, why, I'iupo?, most of us would be as hard as brickbats. There's nothing like doing a kindly action now and then for softt r,iug human nature ; bj, I'hipps, vou let Miss Hrewsi-r have Sir Rich-iru!" H-i get up aud held out his baud, which tho other wrung in cordial appreciation. " Very well, Colonel,'5 iie said, " I'd do any thing to oblige you, though this is not buai- " We'ii call it friendship tbec, instead," Bxid the Rouble- Jack with a pleasant smile as they left the room. Good-bye, I'hipps." " Goi'd-bve, Mr. Phipps," snid Kata, putting her little palm iu his. " Taauk jou vt-rr much, oud I'll try and do your horse credit." And then they went out into the street, oud Mr. Phipps stood watching their retreating form?. ' Pijipps, my boy," eaid be to himself, " ibis won't do , the perfossiou will suffer if you allow | your feelings to get the better of you iu this J sort cf wily. You ought to have stuck out for j anolher pony at least, But lor! that there I Colonel is buch a pleasant spoken chap, he twists one round lna little heger. That's & nice girl, too, that Miss Browser, and it strikes rue tbt Colonel ij deuced sweet upon her. Well, U might do worse, he might do worse with 1 which reflection Mr. Phipjis went off tn take tea J with bia better half in the back-parlour. CHAPTER XIX.— JJ:ALCU.; Riuiyn. In ten days from the time of her visit to Mr, Pnipps's establishment Kate was sufficiently recovered from the effects of Griselte> rnis- deuieauoura to bo iu a saddle again. »She etaried juodeslly, nifrcly iuteiiding to ride about quietly, and keep to the roads aad the gates, while Mr. M't>r'ith, ever ready for an excuse which bauiahed jumping from the programme, williugly offered I. is services 08 eerort, and b-siJcs proving himself a must cheerful aud entrria.uiug compimon, disjilaved the greatest ccnsideratio'ij towarJa the young lady thus placed under his protecting wing. He amused Kuie vastly by povutiug out iu Ins cimical way various members of the Huut, cu wliom he kept up a regular fire of running rommcutary, dea- ciib'iug v,b.U much humour uud acumen the iu- dni fuel peculiarities of each cno in turu. " It M ou see that tuau slandii g close to you ana Liud-ouie biv borsHc" l>c a-ked, vudi- citiug the personage iu question with an nirr wave' of his b r ill. " Hb'h the Honourable Alfred Charrit;i»tou,tlieheadof the lardy dardy uu-aiau like felf division. Well, for three whole years did the Hooble. Alfred aud I meet conliuuallv iu the bunting field, while for tiirea whole years did he honour me with a super- cilioi.B stuie. Now there oro few things more irntatiug to a fellow's vanity thau to be calmly ignored. Argument, disagreement, even inao- ipiu'c, ure each in their way easier to bear tbau that species of lofty indiffereuco intended to convey a eeusatbn cf inferiority, and of be longing to & lower class of beings altogether. It givts thR feeliug nf there beiug something \a about you, without your exactly knowing v/re.'. Sucli were the terms on which wo 6tord, wheu ledad, o'i-i fine day, greatly to my astou:6bmeut. as you may imagine, what does my Buutteman do, after looking over Lis left shoulder uud ajuiuliug at me out of his Httlo cock c ?, but favour me to a nod, whose mix ture of patronage and CDndeaceasion wb.e truly beautiful to beholu, and e-y, 'How do, M iHathr' lie had ajiparcntiy hcccmt cou- Bric.us of my pretence at last, and took thle early opportunity of rocoguiiiug the fact Faith, Miss Brcwser ! it made the very blood toil in my veins. You see I had got used to being a nobody in the Honourable Alfred's cetiiuaticn, and any change came too much aa a surprise, to be appreciated. Shall I toll you what I did P I was determined on having my reveegp. Every dog lbs his day, aud mine had come at last, I looked him up. and down with a 6tony gaze which took in every detail from the crown of his shining chimney-pot to the talcs of his fauUlers boots— dah bim,be baa the best varnish in the coantry--and I soid with the utmost severity at mv command, Sir it haa taken you three vears Co make up yonr mind whether you would deign to know mo or not; it will not tako mc three tnitnrtes to decline the honour of your acquaintanceship ; ' whereupon I stared him straight in tho face and then rode away. Gad, mirs Browser!" and Terry laughtd heartily at the remembrance of his adversary's discomfiture, "you never saw a man lock bo dumfoucdered in all your ! born days. He was that astonished he could not find a single word in replv." 41 1 don't wonder,' said Kate. 41 Such an answer was enough to take anyone's breath away. But what an idiot the man muat be ! " 4 'lie only poaaMsoa tho besotting Bin of a good many of our neighbours about here," 41 And what might that be " Thinks too much of himself and too little of others. A very common failing, especially among people of narrow intellect and large vanity." 41 He ought to bo-ft warnicn to us all, then, not to bo over self-retifcfied. Don't you think some folks are put into the world solely to fill a j<7;. of determent? There are moral Ecuvfjigei-s just a6 there are ornitholopcal ones. The vultuie is a bird or bad repute, out never- fhr'less be fills Lis place in the economy of nature, and perhaps Mr. Charriogton was bora as on example, which most of us should avoid rather than imitate. I don't express my self clearly, thengh I know quite well what I mean." " Ycu express yourself quite well enough for ma to understand. It never strmk roe :u tiiat light before, and 'pen my Er, ul I'm not sure but what you arc light. It 1 accept the Rouble. -Alfred as a warning, I can look nf him with far more cbiritebla fueling? than I do at present. Poor fellow ! after all, according to you. ho is but a social ecarccrow, fitted" to fnghten all tire human crowa away. Ha ! La '. That'a a capital idea, and tickles me Purely it wan lucky for the Honble. Alfred Chnrriugton that he did not catch the cou- . veiSiitiun, or it is possible that even hia equanimity might have bof-n disturbed, arid Ihe calm water cf self -satisfaction iu which bia soul lay steeped be s4irred from their tranquil depths by tho keen blast of ridicule sweeping over them. Would ithave been tn act cf kiud- cre? to have torn down the delusions £o long I eutcitained, to hare laid bare uud exposed the shallowness iff thn crumbling soil on which they were raised anil carefully nurtured by- petty egctifam r Who can sny r liveu the pruning knifo is apt to cut too deeply, and kill the old tree with ita good and its bad to gether. instead of promoting a cew growth and fresh flourishing bloseoms. The old tree may be gnarled and twisted, decayed, cov.rid with parasite ; it may bhut out the light oi Ye sun, aide thebluc Fkics, and cumber tlie earth; hut when removed altogether is it net apt to make its absence frit, aau the very object wt l.ave so long grumbled at to leave a blaok cn disap pearing V fiorne such thoughts flitted through Kite'? miud as the looked at the gcntltmau on the handsome bay ; tut her epccul&tions; were quickly ended by Mr. McGrath exe'aiuung — 41 But here cornea another < f our local celebrities," hb a big, burly, broac-shoulderr d man of about five-and-forty, Equare featured, clean shaven, and keen-eyed, raouotcd on a huge weight-carrying hutitc-r, redo br, " I wantyou to take special notice of Lien becausa he is aaid to be the flaatt welter-weight in Great Britain. If jou ar« iiuite sure you are not bored, Miss I3rewaer, gad ! but I can tell you a good story about hitn too." Whereupon Mr. McGrath commenced another piquant acecdote, well-flavoured with Hiberaiau wit. "When it came-tti an ond K ate eaid, " Ah, Mr. McGrath, Airs. Formter was right when she told me what an agreeable com panion yon were, aod I have enjoyed both your converfation and your society immensely. " She felt no difficulty in praising Mr. M'Grath to hiR farp. Hii only inspired Lor with irioudty 1 interest ; therefore the words came readily enough. There was no cause to consider them, to weigh their probable effect, or to fexr on one side giving offeuce, or on the other of appearing too forward and aniioua to plesse. She ex perienced no constraint in hro presence. He nad no power to make her blush, or to send her heirt beating like a aledge-hammer, and the first wards that roee to her lips were merrily uttered, in purft ease and good'fellow- ahip. f There are Bome men who raieo such friendly seotimects at first right, yet it is a question whether they ever Bucceed in establishing any loftier feeling or warmer relationship. It is their fate to go through life as the confidant, but never as the lored. Kate felt herself in finitely brighter aod more amusing in Mr, M'Grath'b company than in Colonel Clinker's yet the briefest sentence tcom the latter, hia slightest expres: ion of approval or disapproval carried more weight than the whole torrent ot Mr. M'Grath'e conversation put together. Nevertheless the facetious little Irishman con trived to keep her in r Htate o! each perpetual merriment, tnat at lost she asserted her aides ached so unmercifully that the effects were infinitely worse than a hundred falls, and she really could endure them no longer. As the day "wore on, her fpirits rose. In epite of Stirrup's proteslatiouB she insi&ted; in gulling ufT her hack and having the side-Biddle put on to Sir Ilirhaid, who Lad come cut for the first time wnce bo had been in the hands cf hia now proprietor. She declared herself no longer an invalid, and fully equal to trie ountering tho fatignea ot a ruu. Stirrup, who ere now had discovered the futility of argument, especially when opposed to tho fair sex. sm\8 forced to withdraw Lis objec- . tiensand yield, though somewhat reluctantly, to bis rnistrcBj's wishes. And an if to reward Kate for her sudden decision, she had hardly I l«guu to make friends with her new horse before j a joyous chorus of sound broka out froiu the I midst of a. -mall gorre-pntch the hounds were drawing, and in another minute the whole pack ' streamed away cloee at tho heels of n fine, white tagged o'ld fox, whereupon Kate, throw- ) ing prudence to tho winds, could not refrain I from joining iu tho cbaae. A mile's gallop full tilt down a road running parallel with the hounds served still further to heighten her enthusiasm, bj that when, at the first opportu nity, some of the foremost riders branched off 1 into the open fields, where a vista, of tolerably I practicable fences held out a pleasiog prospect, fhs followed euit. When she catne to the first obstecle her caution had vduiehed, and Sir kichara wepi over u b<j ea»uy that indeed none appeared neceasary. The ice onto broken, she took everything that came in her way, until she began to find herself occupying quite a distinguished posi tion in Die hunt, and the brot\u bad fairly established Lis reputation as & good fencer. Poor Mies I'ulliser. whose lucky 6ter had not been in tho ascendant lately, and who&o; fate appeared invariably thst of chewing the bitter cud of mortification, from seeing a rival Libit fluttering in advance, lost considerable ground at sterling by the unfortunate baiigmg to of a gate, but now 6bo was galloping like the wind m enter to lessen the already diminishing dia- tsne-o b'twoon horself and toat uffcndiug skirt, which coustituteda regular ejerorein the green orbs of jealouas-, slq determiuced once for all oil besting IbiB obuoxious adversary, and showing her conclusively the absurdity and era1. stupidity of attempting to compete with one so rmirprivoT « berftelf. " Did you tee bow brautifully iny horaa jumped Ihnt last leuca?" ehe remarked to Golotiel U. inker, who hftjijieaed to be withiu He also bad been delayed by the refusal of a young animal he was qualifying for a oteople- chaso certificate, and like Mies PalliBer was illtcut on KBltu.g cbser to houude 44 I'm sorry to Bay I did uot, 'ha returned satirically. "By cnie extraordinary aod greatly- to-bc- deplored accident, for one instant my eye was withdrawn from you— a circum- aUue.e that causes cue much regret." " Indeed baid alie, uot altogether easy as to the intention of this obaervatiou. "Really, Colonel Clinker, one never known whether you arc in earnest or not." ' ' Very much in earneit, Mi«s Pa'lificr." " Then," said she, with a smild of reassurance, "I feel extremely fluttered by your good oniniin. It is pteataut to Had friends thiuk well of one." " Would you like to heigh tcu it still further said he quietly. 44 Certainly," she replied, a little surprised at the request, and woudoriug what was coming "she felt eho could like Colonel Clinker very much indeed if only he were alwavs jn th? i prearut amiable and complaisant mojd. There j had even existed moments in bygoue yars when she had contemplated the p:asihility of changing btr maiden name for that of Cliuker, J lmt such dreams bad gradually laded awav, I owing to the turi'.urn manner iu which the | geutlcmau was wont to receive Lei advance?. NeverlbtleES, & conijilixnent from hitn, however tardily uttered and lab o/"njs! v i xtrertu came with double jiower to please, liku Jung- ftonght-for honey rewnrd.ug the eaertiens li an induBtriouB bee. 14 Certainly," ahe repeated, witb a feeling of pleasing expectation stirring the alnggihl. depths of hor heart. " What can I do ?" 44 ttby," said he ruthlessly, 14 you can give thftt young lady in front of you a little more room at car fences, and not rido quite eo horribly jealouB." Poor thing 1 The reaction was terribly severe, and in the first shock of it she felt too E>urpri6ftd even for indignation, She drew in her breath with a gaap that reasrablod the £urglo of a drowning man, and emitted tho single mono- 6jUable, " Oh 1" 14 YeB," coatinned Colonel Choker pointedly, for Homehow or other he never couM bring bimBelf to regard Mies Polliser as a woman, and therefore felt tittle compunction in tzamp- 1 ling on her feelings. " Yea, and what's more, I saw you juat now, simply because mibb Browser happened to be leading, rido on to her horse's very tail. If be had made the least peck or the ghost of ft mistake at tho fence you would have been on the top of him to a certainty. It's deuced unfair, and ii you call that riding I don't." During this speech the hdy had partly re covered irom tho first stunning effects of the blow delivered, and both ur.de n.nd bimtiPT nriw.- come to her assistance. B<it the last straw broke tho camel's back. "When it becamo a Saeetion of riding., her riding, anger aRsumed iO npper hand, nnd crushed all incipient Bcati- mont at ita very birth. 41 Colonel Clinker," she said, or rather ficreained, while hor sallow complexion sud denly flamed into scarltt, and her small grey eyes gleamed with a vicious txpression, "I beg leave to state I have not hunted all these years in HuutingBbiro for nothing. 1 flatter mjBelf I know Z/.u1 to ride ftt a fence as well aa ui-.R people, at leaat, such is the general opinion , and I doo't require von cr anyone else to give me leFSonB how to hebavQ in the hunting-field. . I consider you are wio.7— moft— xjost imperii nerd." She had begun bravely, but lier voice here died away in hysterical sobs. Ifcrmortif;- caticn was complete. Colouel Clinker bowed eilcntly. nud galloped on. " Well, that was tharp and decisive enough in all conscience," Lo said to himself. "La P.-illiscr and I have fought cur first pitched battle, though roxflv's the f-kirroish we hsvo io- fluiged in. I'm afraid 1 was a little rude, but the rebuke will do no harui, nud the way she jump? on people is really quite aboroiaabte." "What a tool Ci'louol Clniker ir- making of himself about that Miss Brewer," Miss iyiu'e r ruraarked later on to her d?ar friend Mrs. Paget. fcbe had sense enough to keep their little en counter to herself, but ihe cculd not refrain from launching a few veuoui-laden arrowE by way of takiug foine rertnjre. "A foolr"' sxi<l Mr.-. Paret. 41 In what manner? I have -een nothing to jus'itv tuch a YnureJw bliuV a? a bri. my drnr." re turned Miss I'hllisr-r coiiteiu: tm ij«-lv. "I tell you the man's quite gone eff Li- Lea1. To so «r< at an extent, iui'ttn. iliiii : c (in i speak with decent civility to am no t isp. " " I bad a chat wilh I .roe ago, and be appeared much nr. v.vum. 'YouVe a rooep, and u-vir t: .hid sen n very nose. M>j eyes are tov. (tenbly sharper , they can't hood wink ror in a Luiry. " "But, my dear Miss I'dui'ir who hoodwink you t After all there would be no'h iu<g so f (Vi/ wonderful even if L'jlors-l Ciinkr-r ft yr to fall iu love with Miss llrewser. IUnk united to weahb is not an uoauroroori occurr ence. One aces it every day of one's life." 44 Tbero I agree; but don't talk of lovo, it's ft perfect profanatioo to call such cilculafiug, mercenary transactions <W. ColoDel Clinker's no more-in lore with MiBsIlrewier than I am." "Then his sentiments must be Extremely lakowarm," said Mrs. Paget, who took a mild pleasure in nagging ather friend. 44 Not at nil; mire are very much heated though, by dislike rather tbm affection. I thiuk Miss Brewecr an odious, stuck-up, for ward, /ox/yoong woman; aud as for Colonel Clinker, any respect or regard 1 mnv once have entertained for him he has entirely forfeited.," with which concluding ob'ervat/on Bhe wont borne, galloping past Kate, bdj bespattering her with mud without a wcrd of apology. 44 Phew!'4 eaid Mrs. Paget, eyeing her re treating friend dubiously. " She's very crusty '. I wonder "what's op now ? It'na niiv «ir- such ftn nngovernanle remper, but one really never feels sure what she may Bay and do next." (to he continued.) 