THE NEW ARCHBISHOP OF WESTMINSTER. THE PROCESS OF ELECTION. THE POPE'S RIGHT TO VETO. Wo give this morning a portrait of Bishop Herbert Vaugliau, of Salford, who has been nominated successor to tho late Cardinal Manning, as Roman Catholic Archbishop of Wesliniuster. In connection witli this appointment, the following particulars as to the mode of elec tion will be found interesting: — Upon the decease of a bishop the first tiling which the canons have to do is within eight days of the funeral of the dead prelate to meet and elect a vicar capitular, who takes temporary charge of tho diocse. Within a month the first step in the appointment of a successor is taken. Tlio . provost and canons of tho cathedral of tlio vacant sec must again assemble as for chapter, under the presi dency of the ai'clibisliop, or, if lie cannot bo present or there is a vacancy ill the arch bishopric, of the senior suffragan bishop. The president, however, takes 110 active part in tiie business. After Mass of the Holy Ghost has been sung by the principal canon and an oatli of secrecy bus been taken by all, tho canons proceed to place in a rcceptaclo their secret votes. At the first voting each gives tlio name of the ecclesiastic whom lie considers to be tile most fit to fill tho vacant see. Then a second and a third can didate are appointed in the same way. If on a first scrutiny no one has a majority the votes must he taken again until a majority is obtained. The votes must be given in writ ing and to be so folded that the name of the person proposed only can bo seen. The writ ing is ordered to be different from the ordi nary writing of the voter. When a member or Mm eimnf-nr is riuiv certified to be absent, frmn ill lm.-i.itli. lie may vote by proxy. Tlio votes arc counted by three scrutineers and after the result of each voting is declared aro immediately burnt. The voting takes place at once after Mass, and without any discussion, A document is now drawn up which declares the cause of the vacancy in tlio sec, that a meeting of tho chapter lias been held 111 secrecy under the presidency of a certain bishop, that after Mass ot the Holy Ghost, three ecclesiastics, whose names aro given, were appointed scrutators. It goeson to state that upon tiie declaration of the three scrutineers those ecclesiastics, whose names aro licrc written _ t_ 1. .. 1. .... 1 Iimin Lt- «v mn.ini'lfcv ot 111 ainnanewciu umui, j ' -1 the votes to be submitted to the judgment ot the Holy Father." The deed then sets out tiie three names, and states that tfvctvy tiling lias been done in accordance with the decrees ( j the .Sacred College of Propaganda, it is then sealed and signed by tho provost, secre tary aud scrutators. Three copies arc pre pared, one of which is kept by the chapter, one by the presiding bishop and one for- warded to the Propaganda. J. he Pourth Provincial Council of Westminster recom mends an electing chapter in selecting names not to confine themselves to tne chapter or diocese, but to take note of men especially fit, even out of thp diocese, who shall be not merely endowed with the necessary gifts, but also for their ability iu human allairs as well as divine. , , ... In sending the names to the metropolitan or the bishop who has presided the canons arc required to send any facts that they kno w concern ing the throe chosen candidates. A series of questions arc prepared for their guidance, aqd these relate to date of birth, country, diocese, theological course, degrees, the number of languages in which each is skilled, the olVices held, with the success or failure in each, whether ho has shown pru dence In discussion and action, whether he lias had any sacred business matters to con duct, as to health and temper, whether lie is thrifty and accustomed to the management of temporalities, whether he is of good fame and free from immorality, whether he is devoted to his priestly duties and shows signs of seriousness and religion in lus dress, carriage, appearance, speech and every other way. Tiie deed reciting tho act of the chapter and the chapters answers to such questions as these having been forwarded to the metropolitan or senior suffragan, the bishops meet to consider the merits of the three candidates. Tiie nomination by tlio chapter can in no sense bo considered ail election. In th'e words of the decree, " liis faculty of recommendation wc rotor m such manner to the gracious liberality of the Holy Sec, that 110 right of election or norm- nation can be advanced ; but that it 8h&" ever pertain to the free will of the Holy Fattier to exercise his own right of ejection of any other than those recommended as often 'as lie shall deem it necessary." Tiie bishops, therefore, torward the three names ill alphabetical order to tiie Sacred College of Propaganda, and comment upon the merits or demerits of tile candidates. J he Sacred College next lias to consider the question of appointment, which finally goes before the Pope himself. As a rule one of the candidates approved by the chapter is chosen by tiie Holy See, but the Pope lias the power of setting aside entirely the capi tular nominees in favor of an ecclesiastic who lias not been recommended. Pope Pins IX. (lid this at the deatli of Cardinal Wiseman, when liis Holiness appointed Cardinal Muu- uing to succeed to tlio vncant archdiocese, although not recommended hv the chapter, and notwithstanding the fact that there was a coadjutor bishop with the right of succes sion to the see in the person of the lute Arch bishop Erriiigton. The Sydney Judge and Jury Club hold an cujovabie social at the Paddington Town-hall on Monday night, there being about 75 couples present. A good ctanco programme bad been arranged und was gone through to tlio evident satisfaction of the dancers, tlio floor being in verv good order. Excellent music was provided by Mr. J. Norton s band. The president of the association (Mr. J. E. Bowden), tlio vice-president iMr. 1". Morton), the treasurer (Mr. H. Green) and the lion, secretary (Mr. B. Green) were pre sent and took an active part ill tho proceed ings. Mr. J. Cohen acted as M.C. Dancing was giveu over at midnight. 