AN EVENING WITH COLUMBUS. Charlie Brooke is a hero-worsliipper. Iiike many boys of thirteen, he thinks the text books upon American history used in our schools" rather dull; but he is an eager general reader, and de lights to spend the evening hours in searching out the deeds of the great ?nen of the past. Among these heroes, Christopher Columbus most calls forth his heart's affection and his soul's admiration, and he is ever ready to take up cudgels in behalf of the great patriarch of the sea. With his blue eyes 111 a glow of wouder, he dilates upon the learn ing and foresight of his hero, his per severance and his manliness during the years of rebuffs previous to the pne great voyage, his daring in seating put with a wretched equipment to seek a region belieyefj tp qe inhabited by (dreadful monsters, and at whose limit, flid he escape these foul apd shapeless creatures, the sailor would be horribly launched into space, to fall-no one knew where; and if scarcely cheeked by liig father's wonted refereuce to unpleasant tilings in connection with Columbus ; his use in warfare of blood hounds, who lore the hapless islanders limb ft-om limb, and his extortions pf gold and cptton. Still in spite of his admiration for, (Oolumjbus, and his pleasure from the histories of illustrious men, all of Charlie's reading is not historical in character. His imaginative disposition craves the romantic and the fanciful; he so enters into the spirit of these wild tales, that he is often half per suaded that they are or couid be true; and he has other strange notions in his head as might startle you could you but know them. He is a firm believer in ghosts, and has formed many theories upon the deepest subjects. At any rate, he is a boy of ideas, but he wifl very soon lose many "of the outlandish ones among them, if be passes through but few experiences like one of recent occurrence.' His parents were in Isew York at the time, and Charlie and the servants were alone in the great, old house on ~W-street iy. Hartford. He was sitting in the cozy room which he had been allowed to fit up as his own 'den,' reading, when there came loud knock ing upon the front door. Charlie thought it strange that who ever it was did not ring the bell; but he felt it his duty to see. what might be the matter. So he cautiously went into, the hall and opened the door. He was sur prised to see standing there a man of commanding figure and fine face, with 51 beard trimmed into a pointed shape, and quite long hair. The stranger bowed. 'Good even ing, young sir. I request the honor pf a brief conversation with you.' Charlie hesitated ; but looking once again at the stranger, lie replied some what meditatively * Certainly, sir. Come in.' The door was closed, and .the nnlinown conducted to the family sitting-room, and offered a chair. He seated himself at once and . began to speak: * Can I trust you, young sir, with something of a very delicate and con fidential nature ?' £ I think so,' said Charlie, in w o.nder. * Ah!' said the stranger; and then in a dramatic manner he asked, 'Know you whom you behold ?' L 'No, I fear I don't,' said Charlie, quite ill at ease. ' You see b.efore you np.ne other than $lie discoverer of your native land Columbus!' ' Great Christopher,' gasped Charlie. 'Precisely,' returned the stranger, (Great Christopher Columbus.' ' But how' began Charlie in amaze ment. 'You shall learn aU. A young gentleman of your wide reading must have heard of the Elixir of Life Charlie nodded asseut. On my return from, the most auspi cious of my four great voyages, the first one, my old friend, the prior of La Kabida, paid me a visit, and told me a wonderful story. Near his convent, had lived an alchemist who was known $0 have tolled for years in search of the Philosopher's Stone and the Elixir. He was an avowed infidel; jet one dreary night there came from him a summons to. the good prior, who obeyed it to find the man of research surrounded by his crucibles aud his yetorts - dying. He could scarcely speak; his lips were shrunken and parched as though, suddenly blighted ; but in a whisper he made known to the prior his conviction that he had dis covered at\ Elixir of Life; also the \- fact that just at the moment of success his muscles bad become shrivelled and palsied so that he could not touch or taste the precious liquid. ' He motioned the prior tp a curious glass vessel in which was a verv small quantity of a deep red ^iqqid, and bade him take this pharging him to give it to the man who fihoald best serve God and Spain -within a year, from that time. Then, giving the prior certain instructions anda^kinghis blessing the old alchemist {lied. 'The year had passed when I" returned to Spain, and the prior had (jhose me as the man deserving of his gift And he gave me, in turn, the Instructions given him; to force myself to take the Elixir when first I could heartily wish myself dead, and to take as many drops of it as I chose, a<v' then to throw the rest away, know-in ^hat for each drop taken I should lit* a £e^tury in the grave; but at J he end of the time thus measured should become live again, and live for ever such a man as I was in tfie prime of former life. Under any other eireurn stance the Elixir was powerless. ' The day of disgrace so deep that I i longed for death, came when, the wretched Bobadilla outraged me with chains, and I took three drops of my Elixir and through the rest away. Years rolled on, and finally, I, as the Columbus of 1470, stole out from the cathedral pf Havana, and to omit fur ther details, have, since then, like the Wandering Jew-who, by the way, I met occasionally-drifted about the world. Enough of this! For the present I am hungry ; for hunger can pain though not destroy me. Can you, young sir, give me something to eat ?' Eoor Charlie had never been so racked by contending emotions. In his mind fear, doubt, and a sense of the impossibility of it all struggled with a longing for spmething wopder ful to happen to him and with a con viction pf truth which the staight-for ward story had given him, and with his own private beliefs in regard tq the supernatural. All the while, top, lie bad been closely scanning the stranger, and it bad steadily grown upon him that his visitor resembled closely thp Coluuibus upon the back of the five-dollar bill! To be sure, he looked younger, and was somewhat differently clad, but his story accounted for the former fact, and the latter was to be expected." This decided Charlie. iiSq,' he thought, here is my hero, influenced ! in somp strange way to come to pne ! who so greatly reverences him.' He spoke at last in an awe-struek | tone. 'Yes, sir, you shall be refreshed,' replying thus tp the last question of Columbus. He excused himself in. his inpst res pectful manner, aud hastened to bid the servants prepare a lunch. And, said the young host and master pf the house, ' be sure and boi! several eggs quite hard.' Soon be and Columbus were seated in the dinipgroom before a well-laid table ; and the latter truly did show a wonderful appreciation of the good | things before him for one who did uoi i eat to live, and who, Charlie could not believe, lived to eat. | He bad, as we have said, decided that bis guest was Columbus ; but he had had the eggs boiled in order to use one of them in an experiment, which, i? successful, would put to flight any returning doubts. If this were indeed Columbus, he could surely stand an egg upon end for him, as he had for , the jealous courtiers a,t Mendoza's j banquet; and nowj, as the materials tor his proposed experiment were rapidly disappearing, Cplumbus having [devoured three of the four egg.^ Charlie drove his courage to the point! ' Mr. Columbus,' said he,* will you be so kind as to stand an egg upon'end forme?" - Certainly,' returned Columbus, as he helped himself to the last one. He wiped it carefully with his nap bin, and placed it beside his plate - j then to Charlie's astonishment, this I same Columbus wiped his knife upon i the snowy doth, and balanced it in his I hand for an instant. Now, tak'ino- the egg between the thumb and forefinger ot his left hand, he waved the knife in the air, and with a rapid stroke deftlv cut off the point of the egg. This done, he triumphantly , stood" it upon the flat undersurface thus made, and and turned to his young host. ' ' Tou se? this T a great improve ment upon^mv egg trick of 1493. It » nfater and more graceful, and affords an opportunity of displaying considerable dexterity. But Progress is the watchword of this centurv, and although it took much practice to acquire the skill necessary for mv new method, I really have not the" assur ance to palm off the old one upon an indulgent public as something wonder Here he was proceeding to dispose ot this last egg m the same manner as he had the others, when there came a ringing at the doorbelL A servant went to answer it. Mean while Charlie, astonished yet delighted by the. result of his experiment, was preparing to put a number of questions to Columbus ; but there arose a noise of voices m the hall, and the door of the dining room was pushed violently open 3s a very frightened girl rushed in. ' Please, Master Charles, here's Dr. ?F from the sylunj, as says there's an escaped loonatic Just then a man's form appeared in the doorway. It was a very pleasant voice that spoke: i ? ye8- thought we might find him here. Come, Columbus, I think we had better go home now.' 'Yes,' replied Columbus quietly, as lie rose from the table his dignified and mournful visage not at alldiscomposed. He started for the hall himself, and quietly accompanied a man whom he found there, out to the carriage which stood in waiting. Meantime the gentleman within introduced himself to Master Charlie as Dr- "F of the ' Retreat,' and a frieyd of Mr. Brook. He Stated that this was one of his patients, a man of wealthy family, and spne in. every respect except in ihe belief that he was Christopher Columbus. He was, the doctor said, familiar with every known detail of Columbus' lift, and even studied to appear.as uiucl< as possible like the pictures of him \vi ich are com m mly seen ; bu! they !uu ored him in, all this, and he. was harm'* ss, yet was ever t rvinir to ewape fr«i>- the Retreat. To-ni«ht ho (-.ad r, and they had traced him to the Bs coke house, glad to find him in good hands. - 'Andl think,' added Dr. F---with a smile, which Charlie made a weak effort to return,' that I can explaim his coming here. ' A short time ago your father paid me one of his frequent visits, and I told him of this patient, then recently placed under our care. He was interested at puce, and asked to see poor Columbus; so we called upon him, and your father treated him with deference as I had directed, and also told him of a certain young man, a son oE his, who fairly worshipped even the name of Columbus. f With the often times amazing subtlety of the insane, our friend has treasured up your father's remarks; and in making enquiries concerning his disappearance to-night I was led to come here by learning that he had in a quiet way asked a keeper a few flays ago where Mr. Bropke lived.' Here the doctor, evidently with no idea of the true state of affairs, smiled again, and bade Charlie good night ; and as he entered the carriage *? Columbus v leaned out of the dcor and spoke to Charlie; . Good night, young sir. Should you call at my temporary lodging, 1 might show you a variation of the egg-' But Charlie rushed to his room, to close the door tightly, and try to smother his feelings in a pillow. Meanwhile sundry egg shells were being removed from the diningroom table. -Wide Awake. 