THE SPIRITS AT WORK. That curiosity, folly indulged, is liable to prove expensive is a lesson (says " Answers ") that has just been thoroughly learned by a certain medical gentleman. In the matter of spiritual manifestations he has always been a stiff-necked and unre- generate doubter. As a child he scoffed a ghost stories, and when he grew up the spectre world became a mark for his merry quips and sarcastic jests. Despite this he numbers among his friends many of those who believe in the existence of shades, and they never neglect an opportunity to hurl arguments at his head which may tend to bring him over to the ranks of the ellect. Finally, about two weeks ago, the doctor responded to the extent of promising to do a little investing on his own account. He had never gone to a materialising seance, and was anxious to see what one was like, so he put a quiet little advertisement in a daily paper, stating that an unbeliever would like to engage a reputable medium for test manifestations. At 8 o'clock on the evening in question a little party of eight personal friends sat with clasped hands in the doctor's drawing room, and stared anxiously in the direction of the black cloth cabinet, which was faintly out- lined in the gloom. A pale young man, accompanied by an obese female, had answered the doubter, and guaranteed to produce a very fine line of de- parted spirits for a five- pound note. For over three-quarters of an hour visitors from the other world kept dropping into the doctor's drawing-room, sailing round his rather nervous guests, and departing. Then there was a long and dreary wait, which was ended by the upturning of the gas. The pale young man and the obese female had vanished as completely as the spectres they had been supplying. Their cabinet remained, and with it a small bag filled with white crepe. In the next ten minutes two purses, a watch, and four scarf pins were discovered to be missing. The evening's entertainment cost the doctor something in the neighborhood of L100, and his disbelief in spirits is now something rapid. The police were not notified. From Eastern Asia comes a plant, the flowers of which contain a quantity of juice that rapidly turns black or deep purple on exposure to air. It is used by Chinese ladies for dyeing their hair and eyebrows, and in Japan for blacking shoes. 