AUSTRALIAN JbORBOWING. i . . ? . ' w — r-n ; In order to show the general feeling at home in regard to Australian borrowing we reproduce some receat opinions of the Eng lish Press on the subject. Th* Echo says : — ' Since the announce ment of the last two Colonial loans, those floated by Queensland and New South Wales, and their reception by investors) and capitalists in thiB country, many holders of the Australasian Inscribed Stooks have written to inquire whether the stability of their financial position as cred itors is unimpaired. We should think littlo of the attempt, even the unsuccessful at tempt, to effect further loans in London were the terms first published adhered to, btlt when sf ' minimum price' is ' fixed at 92/ and a Colouy like Queensland, rather thau forego the loan, stoops to accent one penny less, greybeard9 in the City see a loss of credit, which cannot but detract from the statiia of the security, and ?sym- pathetically from tlie entire group of Aus tralasian Inscribed1 Stocks.' '» The following is the opinion of the Pall Mall Gazette :—' The Agents-General of the colonies may endeavor to make out a good Gaee against the charge that they are v borrowing too fast, and demonstrate that the security ii ample, and that there ia not the ghost of au idea of repudiation, but it is neceasary to reckon with the senti ment that prevails on the London Stock Exchange. Here h what a well-known broker writes this morning, and it will be seea that he w by no means out of sym- pathy with popular ideas s 'Colonial loans have fallen materially, especially the leadijg Australian and New Zealand loans, where labour troubles past and prospective, and foolish political and financial talk, in and out oE the Legisla tures, have sorel/ lowered the prices of land and other property* In a number ol colo nies, especially those1 which are pastoral, the large sheep owners long successfully opposed the multiplication of small land owners in their districts. The consequence ia that the rights of property and public order seem to be upheld less firmly than ia France of the United States, where landed, funded, and all other property is much more stib-divided and very widely distri buted. A intfltttode of owners of lands, houses, public ftlnds, and shares of rail ways and other great local interests, is about the best security for a nation's safe ty and for the steadiness of its affaire and those of ite individual citiaens. Tbe Go vernment of Victoria, being at present un able to borrow more money her*, is said to be borrowing /row its own. people. That ia a new step in the right direction— an ex excellent check on extravagance.' The Graphic says:— 'It was assumed in City circles, when the recent Queensland loan failed to tempt the British investor, that our Antipodean kinsmen would take a hist, and cease for a time their perpetual borrowing* That certainly appeared the wisest course from an English standpoint, inasmuch as the continuance of borrowing would be sure to sap, if not destroy, Austra lian credit. -or is it unlikely tbat the same view presented itself to Ministers of Finance in Australia ; they are quite Bhrewd enough tojrereeive the evils resulting from enabling young dtfd immature communities to have the spending of vast sums ^ of unearned money. It is bound to drive up prices generally to a purely artificial level, and that level can only be maintained by more and more borrowing. But Finance Minis ters in democratic countries ai*fl under obligation to give quick heed t the wishea of the proletariat, whatever these may he, and we see the result; in the Bill about to be placed before the Victorian Legislature authorising a fresh emission for ten mil lions sterling. The proceeds are to be devoted to railways and other reproduc tive works, and, no doubt, good value will be obtained for the money. Bat let the yield be ever so great, it .will not compensate for the artificial stimulus given to the labour market. The construc tion of these works will, of course, enlarge the normal area of employment by so much, and thus keep up the ' wage rate at its present inflated quotation. But when the works are finishe .», the reverse process - will come into operation, compelling the then Finance Minister to resort cmcenior* to borrowing, as the only way of prevent ing discontent among the wqrking-claas electors. Nor does the evil of artificial inflation stop with that element. All. who supply the requirements of the proletariat are equally interested in obtaining from England the money required to keep trade brisk and buoyant. It is a perilous busi nets from first to last, and must culminate in disaster if much longer persevered witb. And thus the Birmingham Daily Post :— No one doubts that Australian resources, at a fair valuation, are more than-adequate to cover the entire debt. The danger con sists in the fact that they are not easily realisable. It was never denied tkat the Argentine resources were .worth the large sums advanced by British capitalists/ for which they constituted tte security ; but?/ unfortunately, in the hour of need, the lands and railways and public wortu could not be readily converted into money, and the consequence was national insolvency. Sir Edward Braddon is, so doubt, correct in saying that the seven millions odd re quired annually for the service of the Aus tralian debt represents little more than one fourth of the revenue; but what should we think of the prudence of a private individual who spent over one-fourth of his income annually in paying interest on bor rowed money ? It is trae that the propor tion is even higher than this in the cases of some of the older States of Europe, includ ing our own; but this indebtedness has gen erally bet n a matter not of choice, but of necessity. The Australian Colonies have had(no war charges or indemnities to meet, and* their expenditure has been incurred solely in developing and improving their ample territories. Much of this expendi ture, doubtless, has been not only beneficial but reproductive, as in the case of railways and necessary public works ; but there is reason to believe that a good deal more has been wasteful and superflu ous, and that many costly works have been undcitaken not because they were needed, or wouiu yieia a Bnuijitu:burjr return upon the money Bunk in them, ibut because it was necessary to find employ ment for a certain number of operatives in order to conciliate the labour party. Sir Edward Braddon refers to the many mil l.ons of acre3 of unalienated land as being aa asset more than sufficient to cover the whole sum of Australian indebtedness, which is possibly true ; but it is at present a dead asset, and one that cannot under the most favourable circumstance be realis ed for many years to come. Land only becomes valuable when it passes into culti vation, and when there is a ready market for it. There must be millions of acres in Australia that are at ' present pra tically worthless, because of their remoteness. Public works are a better asset, but their cost affords no criterion of their va^ue. The Government statist of New South Wales, it seems, esti mates the total private wealth of Australia at 1,129 millions, or JE300 per head of popu lation, but we are not told how much of that is in meney or easily realisable securi ties. The wool clip, valued at 20 millions sterling, is doubtless a solid asset, and if Australian borrowings went iu the develop ment of such sources of revenue, there would be belter security for the money thau we possess at present. Private pro perty is one thing, hswevet , acd public in debtedness is another. It is not the Aus tralian people but the Australian Govern ments who are boirowing too freely and spending too fast, and that is the reason why Australian State Loans are not as popular iu the English money market as they used to be. The colonies can still borrow money here if they want it, but not oq such easy terms as formerly ; and if they are wise they will cease borrowing for the present, and cut their coats according to their cloth. 