THE STORYTELLER. _. . .'.THE j - - (Eatr? tun 0&%Z'Z #T-"\ Who' Shall he Heir. . ••••.* • ><v :•• . CHAPTER XXL ; 1 ^ . •, SHIPWRECK. • * He7 clenched his Je'cthhs to hide a ‘ liidden.tremor. . ‘But wlio, could dream hat my beautiful Lenore .would be cast 1 way on a foreign shore, and washed to I be feet of the .Blackridge murderer in I bief ? When the Cordelia was deceived., jy the wreckers’- signals,-and-steamed ; aralght upon1 tiby roxrt'j Svv; Wttl'O'y ng like wolves for the bones of our prey. [ marked the glitter of, gems . about a, 1 Irifting form, and claimed-:it for my : irize. The waves cast a -woman and ' ler infant at my feet. Her face' was lidden, and her bright hair swathed hern both around. One little grasp ipon- the slender throat, and I had slain ny Lenore! And' I‘ robbed her,’ he , vent on. ‘I robbed her of her diamonds, md I . took a silver case , which , she !, arried next her heart, I . expected : ieh treasure. Bah1 It was but her narriage certificate!’ He struck the ittle bag as if the paper were .there. A treasure to her it seemed, and I kept : t, so sir, I have confided all my worst rimes to you. You were curious on . he subject, but we don’t let outsiders ' arrv off our secrets, though, we aurderers ; we send them straight to a - rorld where gibbets and hangman never erne!’ _ , With a malignant deliberation he re eded a few paces from his victim, and imed - straight at bis forehead; Fred, s 11 his faculties strained to supernatural j uickness, watched his eye to. read the aoment when he would pull the trigger, j ’hough he felt that hope was folly, as ong as .. the madman held a six hambered revolver in his hand, still he ( le hoped, and instinctively watched his ] bailees.*' As the madman’s finger noved," Fred dropped to the floor, and . bo first ball whizzed through tho place - vhere his head had been. • A strange interruption postponed the • text shot to all eternity. The vessel ' :triick'with a mighty shock, tlie madman : vas hurled across the cabin and dashed uolently against the opposite partition : S’red, owing to his position on the floor, scaping with a rough roll over and over. Hext moment the rebound threw the tunned captain back.wHnopsithgasfWRlt * slammed the door fast. The vessel had •un with terrible violence against a reef )f jagged rock. The noise and confusion were fright ful ; the ship seemed to be [going to nieces, her timbers were crashing and ■ending. The men, before so quiet in heir hiding places, were now shouting md wailing, the wounded ones shrieking aiteously for comrades to save them. It was some minutes before Fred recovered his senses, and by that the water was up to his knees. He made iis way to the companion. Before he reached the top, the stairs were a water fall, the deck was hidden under the sea. He cast one dazed glance around ; he saw no'oiie, and coiild scarcely' make""0ut he mast beside liim, so thick was the mist;; but he hearda'hoarso voice bellow forth the order: ;' 'K. ‘Jump overboard, '.nil hands 1 An’ ketch on to whatever - floats nigh when ye come up.again.’ :lt was Poison who spoke. \ ■ V. The boy made towards the voice as well as he cquldjill he heard a splash in the sea.-. ’ Then ho committed.- himself to the mercy of his Creator, and sprang Ear out oyer the sinking bulwarks: But he bad not swum three minutes before the ‘Chancy Haney’ had gone to her doom. v; V ;; When poor • Fred-.cameJo the surface again lie-was unconscious. He.would have'gone down never to-rise agaih, had not :a brawny arm supportedrhim and thrown lifmacross a sparfwliicEafforded a welcome - refuge for Jhe_pair. __.Wheu Fred looked round him he . saw the red head! of Poison beside him, they'were floating on a sea i dotted over with' wreckage ;", but the mist, had swallowed up the.last of the ‘Chancy Nancy.’ ‘Nobody ’1 saved' iljufc Wou^end-jmeJ’ asked Fred, awe struck. ‘ •All-gone !’ Ten good — men - lost through a nioman’s ghost said Poison grimly. ‘And you saved hie, though yourtown poor boy went down T cried Fred with emotion. ‘Stow that 1’ growled Poison, unmoved fCall it an old debt paid at last, without a cent of interest.! _ ^ -. .... -?■ y 