BROADBRIM'S NHAV YORK LBlTfiR In the Inst number of the "Nineteenth Century Magazine," an article appeared from the pen of Mayo W. Hnzeltine, on tho ovolu tion of New York society; and while this wis not its title, it considers the question of the rise of the millionaire in our country, and its results. Nowhere in the world has tho 'change wrought by these great fortunes been more manifest than in New Yi>rk. It meets us wherever wo turn; we seo it in the magnificent entertainments, where thousands of dollars aro lavished on tho pleasures of a. single night; in tho reckless extravagance of bridal presents, where .what, was once the result of a long life of successful mercantile venture, is presented to a foolish couple to squander in dissipation, who never learned the value of money, or earned a dollar in.: their lives. -. ■•> ■ ; This was particularly noticeable in a wed ding which took place here some time ago, when the daughter of a former fishmonger received in bridal presents, gifts variously estimated from one hundred and twenty-five to a hundred and fifty thousand dollars. We see it in the magnificent equipages and splendid liveries that throng our streets and parks. It looms before us to-day and night in the mighty buildings thattower towards tho sky. We see a hundred and twenty thousand dollars paid for a little picture; a hundred and fifty thousand for a horse; seven thousand five hundred for a dog, and wonder that a cry comes up from the toiling millions by whom this wealth was created, and who only see it as Moses saw Lho Promised Land from Pisgah's height, dimly and afar off. The rise of the fiffy and hundred mil lionaire is not a matter of ancient history. Men whose hair is not yet grey can remember t.he time when thore was not one of them in our country. And others still, not yet con sidered old, can remember the time when the three ricli men of the United States wore John Jacob Astor of New York, five millions; Stephen Girard of Philadelphia, six millions; and old Billy Grey, of Boston, three millions. All of these men had started penniless from the lowest estato and gathered their millions by successful and patient venture, and long lives of self denial. Not one of them while living made any ostentatious display of his wealth. Tho humble furniture of Stephen Girard's room is still to be seen in tho magnificont college which he founded, and the house on Broad way whero John Jacob Astor gavo up the ghost, if standing to-day, would not let for a second class tenement. The wi3c contrast becomes more palpablj manifest when, forty years after, one of his grandsons dies leaving a fortune of over one hundred millions, and tho other, a broken-hearted wreck, whose life was a barren failure and whom we laid in the earth last week, leaves a fortune to his son, a young man of twenty-six, of over fift3'-five millions of dollars. I All the colossal fortunes of our time have i >—.no war. Frevioiis to that wo had but r.wo very rich families in New York, the Vanderbilts and Astors, and neithor of them rated his fortune at over fifteen or twenty millions. A. T. Stewart, the great merchant prince, was considered phenomenally rich on half tho sum, and no other merchant of his time could show such a bank account; now you can find them in every part of the Union. With these great fortunes has coino an entire revolution in our social life. The modest house where Commodoro Vanderbilt died (jives way to half dozen magnificent palaces for his grandchildren, and while I write the wife of one of his grandsons is building a palace at Newport, which is ex pected to eclipse in magnificence and luxury 3nythingyet seen on the American continent. To such an extent has this exclusiveness been cirried that even her most intimate frionds have not been permitted to look at it. The most expensive artists from abroad have boon engaged over a year in beautifying irs ceilings and walls, and the cost of the estab lishment when finished and furnished will not bo far from a couple of millions of dollars. With these magnificent homes comes tho.fureiim 'maitre de hoto.1 He is tlio lung who rules the houso, under him is an army of servants, an important factor among whom is the chief who presides in the kitchen and who receives a salary equal to a jud(>e of the Supremo Court of the United States. Then there is the coachman and the footman and the under-strappers about.the stablo; my ladies' maid, her laundress, her manicure, her massage attendant, house keeper, etc., etc., etc. Martin Washington, the richest woman of hor time in the .United States and the first lady of tho land, could have told you of every piece of silver that there was in her closets, how many teacups yr'ore ciackod and hp-yy many ^ero whole, lio*y natch table imd bed linen tilcto was, h^V.'.tlio supply of 'provisions stood, wliat bilk were paid and what were duo, and her ladyship wns not nbove darning n hole in Guorge'S Well worn hose when occasion re quired; \Do!ly Mtuliaon, the most famous beautjr of the White fiouae,, could do ns much, iitid Mistress John Adams was as '-famous us a-liotisefcebper'ns she was ft's the wife of tho President. : All that is altered now. Tho Grand Duchess of to-dny does not trouble herself about bucU trivial things; nil such matters are loft to tho servants, who are paid for it. If she gives o dinner she sends for her 'maitre do lioto 1 nnd says, ' I give a dinner to twenty on Thursday next.' That is all there is of it. Thursday conies Alid tho dinner is thero all right. No stopping to count tho cost. Then Cornea (hat never end ing-1 race' fbiv leadership, like that which • recently divided tlio fio'Use tff. Astor—Mi's. William Astor. and Mr., William t'Vrfldorf Astor, each claiming to be known as Mistl'ess Astor without any prefix, which told tiio world that_she, and ahe akme, was tho head of the house. While pondering on tho immense -power wielded, by these many millionaires this tt'eelt, wo are brought face to. face with the fact that .there it* a tremendous power underlying it all, more potont than oven silver and gold. , Tile griltlito strike, coinmoncing in the I quarries of Sew'.lingltttifl, lmn reached (lie \- hjf»E< fiiiwerful of tha Middle States, and 1 100 QUO Miu'/i f?ro l^itig idle. Some thods.mdfl j of tiicni ;iro skilled wt/r&rrieti;, with wages of | four dollars and a half per day tihiU: tho unskilled receive at least two dollars. Sup posing the average to bo three dollars per day, it mauis a dead Iobs to the workman in wages of one million and eight hundred thous and dollars per week. How long can labor endure tho strain-of nearly two millions a week 1 Gun tile coflMolidntcd unions through out tlie liihd" furnish.seven or elgllt million"- a month to support. tlieirt, S>id will tjieytlob? Thousands of men liaMiig oidy remote interest, and thousands of others nav'irig r<o interest at /ill, have taken their stand in tlie fight, and how far reaching these collateral issues may be no living soul call foretell. It Is no longer ns it was a half a century ago, when blacksmiths fought their battle, and the cafpeiiferS tfieito) Jifid tho tailors theirs, and the shnfcmakera theirs'/ To-day a car penter strikes in Kansas b'x Jsebrnafirt, a fid the shoomaker throws down lii3 avH and lap Etone in Massachusetts; the. weaver stop's the mills ac Lowell and Fall River," the painter throws down his brush in Connecticut, and the shipwright leaves his vessel unfinished in Maine, to help him. The concentrated power , of capital, the concentrated power of labor arc approaching the irrepres sible conflict, which every man feels sooner 3f litter ftiilst 'conic. Tho worker says that concentrated capital is ft Standing menace to labor, and capital says that united labor must be broken down, for it is a standing menace to cripifill. Wo boast of our civiliza tion ; we pluck do\Vn tlie lightning from the clouds and harness it as a slave in our streets, our faclories, and our, homes; we reach up' towards ■ the heavens from this mightier Babel, and with the spectrum and the lunar photograph, unveil wonders greater than the heart of man ever conceived before. In the silent rocks we read the history of buried agesj we girdle the great globe with zones of steel .rtlong which flics a courier, swifter tharf th6 messfehgor of the fabled g6;ds. - Human knowledge seeks to compass all there is in the heavens above or the earth beneath, and yet when it comes co the arbitrament of human rights and human wrongs we are no better than savages; the red right hand becomes the brutal arbiter and the sword the final appeal. 1 he grandest civilization of the ages depends for its ad vancement on the perfect drill and dauntless courage of its armed hosts and its steel clad ships with mighty armaments defying wave and storm. On whom is the laboring class about to make war ?~on some privileged ari.stocaoy that inherited its wealth for gener ations ? Oh no, it is oil their own kind, their own flesh and blood ; flesh of their flesh and bono of their bone. John Jacob Astor was a furrier, Vanderbilt a boatman Jay Gould a clerk, Russell Sage a store keeper; C.P.Huntington and Mark Hopkins, whose united fortunes were over a hundred millions, thirtj years ago kept a small hard ware store in Sacramento,California; Charles Croker, who died worth thirty millions, sold dry goods in tho same city ; D. 0. Mills, the owner of the magnificent building on Broad street, was near by while the Wormsers, the rich bankers of Wall-street, had a cheap clothing store oil a neighboring corner. John Mackay was a working miner, and Le land Stanford a store keeper, Andrew Carnegie an iron worker, and hundreds of others could; bo named who have worked their iWiy from poverty to great riches Strike them' down and wlio will ■ take their places;? Men of a better breed? I doubt it. But the fight is on, and like the auld Scotch Highland Chief we must 'Bidoourtime. One of the signs of tho times is tho closing of the theatres, soon to be followed by the clo ing of the churches, more is the pity While some churches close altogether and allow the dust to gather on the church porch and windows, others compound with their consciences by hiring a cheap preacher from some country totfn -vthtj is glad of an opportunity to be heard in the metropolis, and who treats the congregation, or what is left of it, to a first class prize sermon for ten .dollars and his board over Sunday. When the churcheB and theatres aro closed racin" begins, tho pool roo-ns open and the Devil's Carnival commences. The Thunderer here speaks of it ;is the sport of kings. It is, and the kings generally contrive to hold all four aces and rako in the pot. On Monday, at Sheepshead Bay, the Brooklyn Handicap was run ; G. B. Morris' bay horse Judge , Morrow, scooped the twenty-fivo thousand dollar purse. Longstreet, the favorite, was ' not in the raco, and dragged in at the end of j the huntr—tho worst beaten and disgraced horse that ever passed under the wire. ! Mercy only kn-.ws how much money was lost on Longfellow's promising son, through out tho country. Over five hundred thou sand dollars changed hands upon the track. Curses and gnvms filled the air as tho ruined gamesters turned their .faces towards home with empty pockets, and more than one fine lady who had recklessly staked her last dollar on tho favorite, had to borrow her railroad fare back to Brooklyn and New York. The relic of Saint :Anna has left ns, and certainly no more extraordinary exhibition has over been seen in tho Tni^ed States, than that which has been going on at the church of St. Jean Baptiste in this city, for the past two weeks. In my letter of two weeks ago, I mentioned tho arrival of th's saintly relic, and since then over 300,000 people have kissed tho little glass case that contained it. No religious excitement that I can remember has equalled it ; high and low, rich and poor, have hastened to do reverence to it—Archbishop Corrigan and lit. Rev. Doctor McDoimld kissing the little box as reverently as tho humblest worshipper. Sevoral miraculous cures were reported. One man who has hobbled on crutches for years." his limbs almost. pnriilysu.-cl, kiWcl tlio box, shouldered his crutches and walked out of the church as sound as a roach. Plouso don't (-ako this as my say so, T only got it third hand. I eid not seo the man nnd could not find him. It may bo true for all that ; but please don't quote me as authority, for I am not heavy on modern miracles. The Holy Father who had charge of tho box, harm.-d about 910,000 and departed for Canada well satisfied with the result of his mission! Wonders will never cease. Truly yours, BTIO \ DBKIJI. A Vknekable Yew Tree.—Tn the Church yard at Darley Dale is the most venerable yow-tree in the world. Jlriny authorities claim for it a fabulous age, making it as much as 3,000 years old. It is thirty-three feet in girth, but its trunk has suffered not a little from the modern Goths and Vandrls who have carved their names in the bark, and employed other methods of mutilation. The tree is now fenced round to save it from further insult, and ' whatever may bo its precise a^e,' pays the Rev. Dr. John Charles Cox, 1 thoro can bo little doubt that this prancl old tree has given shelter to the early Britons when jlanning the construction of the dwelling that they erected not many yards to tho west of its trunk; to the Romans vho built up tho funeral pyre for their slain comrades just clear of its branches; to tl o Saxons, converted, perchance, to tho true faith by the preaching of Bishop Diuma be neath its pleasant shade; to the Norman masons cliisselini; their quaint sculptures to form the first stone house of prayer crected in its vicinity; and to the host of Christian worshippers wlio, from that day to this, have been borne under its hoary limbs in women's arms to the baptismal font, and then 011 men's shoulders to their last sleeping-place ill t])p soil that gave it birth.' Flowers fou tiie Sick. —The cifirative re sources of medicine are not all included even within the compass of a bulky pharmacopeia.. Mature has provided us with many auolf which are not the less potent in their proper place because thoy do no£ ffti'prirc to undergo any process of ordinary chtwrioal prepaw tio'n. Rest, exorcise, diet, ana itre various methods of sanitation belong to okras. So likewiao do numberless means of inipJss-" siou by which the mind is reached through*. thv senses. Tho stimulant attraction of beauty Iri a sugg6stivo example of this-kind. It- has from timCs inrrtifimonAl Been thus em ployed in a variety (rP ways,- but never pro-" bably on so large a scale of with so great ac ceptance as where flowers havi been its ox-' ponents. We lire all aware- of the fnct that among ourselves the distribution of the'i* to the sick has long been carried out by a special' organisation, and tho willing support which1 this body has always received is an: j excellent guarantee of the quality of its wtrrk. We cannot, perhaps, exactly trace i its effects/ but wo know enough to bo flblo to appreciate its refreshing influence upon mind and body when harassed by disease. Clearly, then, fio useful a means should pos sess every facility in its mode of nse. In stead of thin, it is often found that flowers, though fresh and beautiful when cut, are, on their arrival afc tho bedside, ; crushed, withered, or decayed—no longer an aid to health, but a positive source of disease. 1 Lilies that fester smell far worse than weeds.' Faults in packing, the failure to occlude air in particular, delays in transit or in dis tribtition; aiifl excessive handling by distri biiM'Si Would account for their altered con dition. it jitt/c care and forethought should effectually prevent tbia perversion of what must otherwise prove tcj thfl sisk a real and unmixed benefit.—"Lancet." ... Lames' Ciiins.—The modern British artist, caught.by the specialisation crazo, seems to] be concentrating his attention on ladies' chins This is especially the case with the fashion plate artist. Human chains may be divided into four classes. First, the retreatingcl-in, lt /iioli fulls array behind tho frontal line of the face, 'ftiis is the pet abomination of modern chin-fauck'M. Secondly, the normal chin, which is a chili of moderate .size,definite outline, and flush with the frontal line of the face ; this ought to be the chin approved by painters. Thirdly, there is the long pro minent chin, which is pushed forward some \vhnt iii advance of tho frontal line of the face : tfifs in ugly, though not always irtarketlly so. Fourthly, there is the very long, Vtif? large,- and decidedly protruding chin ; this, in Aiifcntific language, is the pro gnathous chin, the 6'ffin, in fact, of tho monkey tribe. It is tho' chin, slightly modified, which tho highly-cirfttjred artists of the fashion-plates have chosen as tli6 type of the beautiful in female chins. Darwin ha<T something to say on tho point. In the •Descent of Man' he wrote:—'The early male forefathers of man were probabiy furnished with grcit canine teeth, but as th'jy gradually acquired the habit of using stones, clubs, or other weapons for fighting with their enemies or rivals they would use their jaws,- or teeth less and less. In this case, tho jaws, together with the teeth, would become reduced in size.' What strikes one here is that large jaws and a prominent chin in man appear to have been needed at a low stage of development for fighting with the mouth and teeth as monkeys and dogs tight. If the fashion-plate artists of to-day are show ing us real and not imaginary types of female beauty, it would seem that women are begin ning to revert, to a condition of low develop ment, similar to that occupied by mau in li s transition from the simian to the pimanous stage.—"The Hospital." Poisoning by Eatino. Strawberries.— What with arsenicated apples and coppery strawberries and grapes, a new crop of alarms is supplied with the coining in of our summer fruits. A else of poisoning after eating strawberries planted near vines treated with copper suits has occurred in the Com mune of Ganges in the Ilorault department.— " British Medical Journal." 