BIRD'S-EYE VIEW FROM SYDNEY. [BtTul] It will be profitable for the workers gener ally to take close note of the manner in which the present popular Chamber, and especially that section of it self-styled the Party of Retrenchment, are dealing with the 'vitaTiiiterebts bf~this'colony at a crisis in its history. Economy and careful administra tion were the watchwords of the present Ministry. Yet Ave have an Appropriation Bill representing an expenditure of eleven millions to cover the government of this . peaceful young community. That would not be so much of itself but for the glaring fact that in a time of great depression the expenditure on the Civil Service has been largely added to for no good reason !,what ever, and the Government, notwithstanding their promises to the country, have charged to Loan Yote a number of works of a dis tinctly unproductive character. Surely it is about time that party politics in New South Wales ' died the death,' and that .we should seek on all hands to ' secure honest govern ment. The record of the past decade has shown how much we need1 reform in this particular; and ' the p.ower to work out the problem lies in the hands of the toilers. Verb. sap. ' ;.\ Alas, for the pie-crust nature of human promises ! The ' short session' which was to have been held for the passing of . that measure rejected by our tin-pot House of Lords has been abandoned. This ' informa tion Avas coiweyed to the 'Assembly the other night, and scarcely a sign of opposition or indignation was shown at such shameful backing down on the part of the Govern ment. They had evidently counted noses beforehand. . A little time ago it Avas Pavkcs ; and iioav it is Dibbs, with. Parkes lying in ambush, on the old lines. Is it possible that the country can be fairly repre sented under such absurd conditions ? There can be but one answer. It is high time that these old ghosts of a' political past Avere laid low. But at least one live man with the necessary genius should be forthcoming to direct the job and take the helm after wards. 