\ .TTOJB- V' . Ihth, OfTHE.', fib 71 iff A NIL'TAR 5tddv Va"HENTy THE MYSTIC SYAXE. CHAPTER IX.— (Continued). » I don't know whether the juggler will like that," Mr Hunter said, "and I shan't light them if he objects. I don't think myself it is quite fair having a light behind him ; Btill, if he agrees, it will be hardly possible for him to make the slightest movements without being Eeen." The juggler, who was sitting round at the other side of the house, was no called up, he and the girl who followed him salaamed deeply, and made an eveu deeper bow to Bathurst, who was standing behind Isobel's chair, " You must have paid them well, Bathurst," Major Haunay said. " They have evidently a lively remembrance of past favors. I suppose they are the same you were talking about "Yes, they are the same people, major." Then he said, in the native dialect to the juggler, " Mr Hunter has put some posts with lamps behind you, Rujub, but he hasn't lit them because he did not know whether you would object." j "They can be lighted, sahib. My feats do not depend on darkness. Any of the sahibs who like to stand behind us can do so if r they do not ccme within the line of those I posts." : "Let us go out there," Wilson said to Richards when the answer was translated ; "we will light the lamps, and we shall see better there than we shall here." I The two went round to the other side and lit i the lamps, and the servants stood a short dis- f tance off on either side. I The first trick shown was the well-known mango tree. The juggler placed a seed in the I ground, poured 6ome water upon it from a 1 lota, and covered it with a cloth, Tn two or I three minutes he lifted this, and a plant four I or five inches high wae seen. He covered this I with a tall basket, which he first handed round I for inspection. On removing this a mango I tree some three feet high in full bloom was I seen. It was again covered, and when the I basket was removed it was seen to be covered I with ripe fruit, eliciting exclamations of asto- I nishment from those among the spectators who I had not before Eeen the trick performed. I " Now, ilson," the Doctor said, 44 perhaps I you will be kind enough to bt plain to us all I Low this was do neb" K I have no more idea than Adam, Doctor." K " Then we will leave it to Richards. He I promised us at dinner to keep bin eyes well I open. " I Richards made no reply. I How was it done Mr Bathurst? It seems K almost like a miracle." I I am as ignorant as Wilson is, Minn I PQay. I can't account for it in any way, and I have seen it done a score of times. Ah ! now he is going to do the basket trick. Don't be alarmed when you hear the girl cry out. You may be quite sure that she is not hurt. The father is deeply attached to her, and would uot huit a hair of her head." Again the usual methods were adopted. The basket was placed on the ground and the girl stepped into it, without the pretence of fear usually exhibited by the performers. Before the trick began, Major Hannay said to Captain Doolan : " Come round with me to the side of those boys. I know the first time I saw it done I was nearly throwing myself on the juggler, and Wilson is a hot-headed boy, and is as likely as not to do so. If he did the man would probably go off in a huff and show us nothing more. From what Bathurst said we are likely to see something unusual." As soon as the lid was put down, an appa rently angry colloquy took place between the juggler and the girl inside. Presently the man appeared to become entged, and snatching up a long, straight sword from the ground, ran it three or four times through the basket. A load shriek followed the first thrust, and then all was silent. Some of the ladies rose to their feet with a cry of horror, Isobel among them. Wilson and Richards both started to rush forward, but were seized by the collars by the Major and Captain Doolan. " Will you open the basket F" the juggler said quietly to Mrs Hunter. As she had seen the trick before, she stepped forward without hesitation, opened the lid of the basket, and said, " It is empty." The juggler took it and held -it np, bottom upwards. " What on earth has become of the girl ?" Wilson exclaimed. Ashe spoke she passed between him and Richards back to her father's side. " Well, I am dashed," Wilson murmured. " I would not have believed it if fifty people had sworn to me thay had seen it." He was too much confounded even to reply when the Doctor sarcastically said — "We Me waiting for your explanation, gentlemen. Will yon ask him, Major," Richards said, as he wiped his forehead with' his pocket-handkerchief, " to make sore that she is solid?" The Major translated the request, and. the girl at once came across, and Richards touched her with the evident doubt as to whether she was really flesh and Mood. There was much cariosity among those who had seen jngglers before as to what would be the next feat, for generally those just seen were the closing ones of a performance, but as these were the first it seemed that those to follow must be extraordinary indeed. The next feat was the one shown to Bathurst and was performed exactly as upon that occasion except that as the girl rose beyond the circle of light Bhe remained distinctly visible', a sort of phosphoric light playing around her. Those in the verandah had come out now, the jnggler warning them not to approach within six feet of the pole. Higher and higher the girl went until those below judged her to be at least a hundred-and- fifty feet from the ground. Then the light died out and she disappeared from their sight. There was silence for a minute or two, and then the end of the pole could be seen descending with out her. Another minute it was reduced to the length it had been at starting. The spectators were silent now, the whole thing was so strange and mysterious that they had no words to express their feeling. The juggler said something which Mr Hunter translatedto be a request fo aUtoreBume their places. . ";.a " That is a wonderful trick," the Doctor said to Bathur&t.; . "I have neyeac seen it done that waybefore, but I once sawa juggler throw np a ropeintoihe air ; how high it - went £ don't know, for, like this, it was done at night, but it stood up perfectly stiff, and the juggler's atten dant climbed up. He went higher and higher and we could hear his voice coming down to us. At last it stopped and then suddenly the rope fell in coilB on the ground, and the boy walked quietly in just as that girl has done now." The girl now placed herself in the centre of the open spice. 44 You will please not speak while this trick is being performed," the juggler said: "harm might come of it. "Watch the ground near her feet.' A minute later a dark object made its ap pearance from the ground. It rose higher and higher with an undulating movement. 44 By Jove, it is a python," the Doctor whispered in Bathurst's ear. A similar excla mation broke from several of the others, but the juggler waved his hand with an authorita tive hush. The snake rose until its head towered above that of the girl, and then began to twine itself round her, continuously rising from the ground nntil it enveloped her with fire coils each thicker than a man's arm. It raised its head above hers and hissed loudly and angrily ; then its tail began to descend, gradually the coils unwound themselves — lower and lower it descended until it disap peared altogether. It was some time before anyone- spoke, so great was the feeling of wonder. The Doctor was. the firstto break the silence. " I have never seen that before," he said, 14 though I have heard of it from a native Rajah." " Would the sahibs like to see more?" the juggler asked. The two Miss Hunters, Mrs Rintoul and several of the others said " they had seen enough," but among the men there was a general wish to see another feat. " I wouldnot have missed this for anything," the Doctor said. " It would be simple mad ness tthrow away such a chance." The ladies, therefore, with the exception of Mrs Hunter, Mrs Doolan and Isobel, retired into the house. " You must all go on one side now," the juggler said, " for it is only on one .side what I am going to do can be seen." He then proceeded to light a fire of charcoal ; when he had done this, he said, ' The lights must now be extinguished and the curtains drawn, so that the light will not stream out from the house." As soon as this was done he poured a powder over the fire, ffnd by its faint light the cloud of white smoke could be seeu. " Now I will show you the past," he said, 44 who speaks." There was silence, and then Doctor Wade said, 44 Show me my past." A faint light stole op- over the smoke ; it grew brighter and brighter, and then a picture was clearly seen upon it. It was the sea, a house standing by itself in a garden and separated from the water only by ga rca 1. Presently the figure of a girl appeared at the gate, and slipping out looked down the road as if waiting for some one. They could make out ail the details of her dress and see her . features distinctly. A low exclamation broke from the Doctor, then the picture gradu ally faded away. " The future," the juggler said, and gradu ally an Indian scene appeared on the smoke. It was a long, straight road, bordered by a jungle. A native was seen approaching; he paused in the foreground. " That is you, Doctor," Sir Hunter exclaimed, " yon are got up as a native, but it's you." Aim ost at the same moment two figures came out of the jungle, they were also in native' dress. " You and Miss Hannay," the Doctor said in a low tone to Bathurst, " dressed like natives and dyed." But no one else detected the disguises, and the pictures again faded away. 44 That is enough, Rujub," Bathurst said, for he felt Isobel lean back heavily against the hand which he held at the back of her chair, and felt sure that she had fainted. 44 Draw back the curtains, someone, I fancy this has been toe mach for Miss H&nnay.;" The curtains were thrown back, and Mrs Hunter running in, brought out a lamp. The Doctor had already taken his place by Isobel's side. "Yes, she has fainted," he said to Bathurst, "carry her in her chair as she is so that she may be in the room when she comes to." This was done. "Now, gentleman," the Doctor said, 11 yon fetter light the lamps again out here, and leave the ladies and me to get Miss Hannay round." When the lamps were lit it could be seen that the whole of the men were a good deal shaken by what they had seen. 44 Well," Mr Hunter said, " they told me he was a famous jnggler, but that beat anything I have seen before. I have beard of such things frequently from natives, but it is very seldom that Eorope&nB; get a chance of seeing them." 44 1 don't want to see anything of the sort again," Major Hannay said, " it shakes ones notions of things in general. I fancy, Hunter, that we shall want a strong peg all round to steady our nerves. I own that I feel as shaky as a boy who thinks he sees a ghost on his way through a churchyard." There was a general murmur of agreement, and the materials were quickly brought. "Well, Wilson, what do you and Richards think of it?" the Major went on, after he had braced himself up with a strong glass of brandy and water, " I should, imagine you both feel a little lesB sceptical than yop. did two hours ago." "I don't know what Richards feels, Major, but I know I feel like a fool. I am sorry, Bathurst, for what I said at dinner, but it really didn't seem to me to be possible what you told us about the girl going up into the air and not coming down again. ; Well, after I have seen what t have seen this evening I won't disbelieve anything I bear in future abdut these natives." "It was natural enough that you should be incredulous," Bathurst said. " t should have i been just as incredulous as you were when I first came out, and I have been astonished now, though I have seen some good juggler8 before." At this moment the Doctor came out again. " Miss Hannay is all right again now, Major. £ am not surprised at her fainting. Old hand as I am at these matters, and I think that I have seen as much, or more, juggling than any man in India, I felt very queer myself, especially at the snake business. As I said, I have seen that ascension trick before, but how it is done I have no more idea than a child. Those smoke scenes, too, are -astonish ing. Of co Ursa, they could be accounted for as thrown np a column of white smoke by a magic lantern, but there was certainly no magic lantern here. The juggler was standing close to me, and the girl was sitting at his feet. I watched them both closely, and certainly they had no apparatus about them by which such views could be thrown on the smoke." " You reopgnised the .first scene, I suppose, Doctor?" Bathurst asked. "Perfectly. It took me back twenty-five years. It was a cottage near Sidmouth, and was correct in every minute detail. The figure was that of the young lady I married foiir years, afterwards. Many a time have I seen 'her standing just like that as I went -along the road to meet her from the little inn akjwhich I was stopping. The very patter of her dress, which I need hardly say has never been in my mind all these years, waB recalled to me. "Had I been thinking of the scene at the time I could have accouuted for it somehow, upon the theory that in Borne way or other the iufyrrlfir was nonp.nioiiB of mv thought and re- flected it upon the smoke— how, I don't at all mean to say ; but, undoubtedly, there exists to some extent the power of thought-reading. It is a my sterious subject, and one of which We know absolutely, nothing at present, but may be in upwards of a hundred years mankind may have discovered many secrets of nature in that direction. " But I certainly was not thinking of that scene when I spoke and said ' the past.' I had no doubt that he would show me something of the past, but certainly no pa rticular incident passed through my mind before that picture appeared ou the smoke." " The other was almost as curious, Doctor," Captain Doolau eaid, " for it was certainly you masquerading as a native. I believe the other was Bathurst; it struck me so ; and he seemed to be running off with some native girl. What on earth could that all mean ?" " It is no use puzzling ourselves about it," the Doctor eaid. " It may or may not come true. I have no inclination to go about dressed out as a native at present, but there is no say ing what . I may come io. There is quite enough for us to wonder at in the other things. The man'glo and basket tricks I have seen a dozen times, and am co nearer now than I was at first -to understanding them. That ascension' trick beats me altogether, and there was something horribly uncanny about the snake." 4 ' Do you think it was a real shake, Doctor ?" " That I cannot tell you, Richards. Every movement was perfectly natural. 1 could see the working of the ribs as it wound itself round the girl and the quivering of its tongue as it raised its head above her At any other time I should be ready to take my affidavit that it was a python of an unusual size, hut at the present moment I should not like to give a decided opinion about anything oonnected with the performance." "I suppose it is no use asking the juggler any questions, Hunter ?" One of the other men said. " Not in the least; they never do answer questions. The higher class of jugglers treat their art as a sort of religious mystery, and there is no instance known of their opening their lips, although large sums have frequently been offered them. In the present case you will certainly ask no questions, for the man and girl have both disappeared with the box and apparatus and everything connected with them. They must have slipped off directly the last was over, and before we hid the lamp lighted. I sent after him at once, bat the servant could find no signs of him. I am annoyed because I have not pud them." " I am not surprised at that," Dr Wade said. 44 it is quite in accordance with what I have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may call their ordinary tricks ; bat I have heard from natives that when they show any what I may call supernatural feats they do not take money. It is done to oblige some power ful Rajah, and, as I have said, it is only on a very few occasions that Europeans have ever seen them. Well, we may as well go in to the ladies. I don't fancy any of them would be in- clined to come out on to the verandah again this evening." No one was indeed inclined even for talk, and in a very short time the party bzoke up and re tained home. 44 Come and smoke a pipe with me, Bathurst, before you turn in," the Doctor said, as they went oat. " I don't think either of us will be likely to go to sleep for some -time. What is your impression of all this ?' " My impression, certainly, is that it is entirely unaccountable by any laws with which we are acquainted, Doctor." " That is just my idea, and always has been since I first b&w; any really good juggling out here. I don't believe in the least in anything supernatural, but I can quite believe that there are many natural laws of which at present we are entirely ignorant. I believe the knowledge of them at one time existed, but has been entirely lost, at any rate among western people. The belief in magic is as old as anything we have knowledge of. The magicians at the Court of Pharoah threw down their rods, and turned them into serpents. The Witch of Eudor called up the spirit of Samuel, The Greeks, by no means a nation of fools, believed implicitly in the oracles. (Soaring down ifo comparatively later times the workers of magic burnt »Wr books before fit. Paul. It doesn't say, mind you, that those who pretended to work magfo did so ; bnt theme who worked magic. " Early travellers in Persia and ludia have reported things they saw for . surpassing any we have witnessed this evening, and there is certainly a sect in India at present or rather a body of men, and those, as for as I have been able to learn, of an exceptionally intelligent class, who believe that they possess an almost absolute mastery over the powers of nature. You see, fifty years back if anyone had talked about travelling at fifty miles an hoar, or sending a message five thousand miles in a minute, he would have been regarded as a mad man. There may yet be other discoveries as startling to be made. " When I was in England, I heard some thing of & set of people in America who called themselves Spiritualists, some of whom — notably a young man named Home — claimed to have the power of raising themselves through the air. I am far from saying that such a power exists ; it is, of course, contrary to what we know of the laws of nature, but should such a power exist, >- it would account for the disappearance of the girl from the top of the pole. Highland second-sight, carried r somewhat farther and united with the power of conveying the impressions to others, would account for the pictures on the smoke, that ia; supposing them to be true, and personally I own that I expect they will prove to be true — unlikely as it may seem that you, I and Mian Hannay will ever be going about in native attire." \- By this time they had reached the_Bootors bungalow and had comfortably seated them selves. 41 There is one thing that flashed across me this evening," Bathurst said. 44 1 told yea II.AI £ mm A M. T - % fT 2 MM TY . M J.L JL. mac uisi eveuuig a met, ixllbo nauuay tiLM i I had a distinct knowledge of her face. Yon j laughed at me at the time, and it certainly seemed L absurd, but I was convinced I was not wrong. I Now I know how it was ; I told you at dinner P to-day about the feat of the girl going np and £ not coming down again, but I did not tell you £ — for you can understand it is a thing that I should not care to talk much about — that he r showed me a picture like those we saw to night. ; 4 4 It was a house standing in a courtyard, with a high wall round it. I did not particu larly observe the house. It was of the ordi nary native type, and might, for anything £ know, be the house used as a court by Hunter, and for keeping stores, and so on, in the middle of this station. I don't say it was that ; I did not notice it much. There was a breech in the outside wall, and round it there was a Sense fight going on. A party of officers and civilians were repelling the assault of a body of Sepoys. On the terraced roof of the house others were stauding firing and looking on, and I think engaged in loading rifles were two or three women. One of them I particularly noticed, and now 1 recall it, her face was that of Miss Hanuay, of that I am absolutely certain." ' 44 It is curious, lad," the Doctor said, after a pause ; 41 and the picture you see has so far come true, that you have made the acquaint ance with one of the actors whom you did not previously know." 44 1 did not believe in the truth of it, Doctor and I do not believe in it now. There was one feature in the fight which was, as I regret to know, impossible." 41 And what was that, Bathurst?" Bathurst was silent for a time. 44 You are an old friend, Doctor, and yon will understand my case and make: mora allowances for it than most people would. When I first came out here I dare say jam. heard some Bort of reports as to why I had left the army and had afterwards entered the Civil Service." 4 4 There were some stupid rumours," the Doctor said, 44 that you had gone home on nek leave just after the battle of Chillian walla and had then sold out, because yon had shewn the white feather. I need not say that I did not give any credit to it, there is always gossip flying about as to the rc ason's why a man leant the army." 44 It was quite time, Doctor, It is a hideous thing to Bay, but constitutionally I am a coward." 44 1 cannot believe it," the Doctor said, warmly. 44 Now that I know you, you are the last man of whom I would credit audi a thing." 14 It is the bane of my life," Bathurst went on. 44 It is my misfortune, for I will hot allow it is my fault. In many tilings I am not a coward. I think I eeuld face any danger if tim danger were a silent one, hut I cannot stand noise. The report of a gun makes me tremble „ all over/even when it is a blank cartridge that is fired. When I was born, my father was in India, a short time before I came into the world, my mother had a great fright. Her house, in the country, was broken into by burglars, who entered the room and threatened to blow her brains out If she moved, but the. alarm was given, the men servants cams down armed, there was a straggle in her room, ' pistol shots were fired and the burglars were overpowered and captured. My mothsrfainted and was illl for weeks afterwards, in fact until the time I was born, and Bhe died & few weeks later, never having, the Dootor said, recovered from the Bhock she had suffered that night. 44 1 grew up a weakly, timid boy, the sort of boy that is always bullied at school. My father, as you know, was a general officer, and did not return home until Iwas ten years old. He was naturally much disappointed in me, and I think that added to my timidity, fer it grew upon m8 rather than otherwise. Morally, I was not a toward. At school ! can say that I : nevmf told a tie to avoid pirefohiaent, and my readiness to speak the truth did not add to my popularity among the other boys and I used to be called a sneak, whi&h; was evenmore hatefoi . than being called a cowaxd. 44 As I grew up I shook off my dellwo WipA - grew, as you see, into a strong man. X th#T L- &m;&twtccAmSam; rfgiai aliju'flwwr. IfcQ»sei«f »JP UHBifefceiesttoiniXkafiWf faeto find InuHl ii, I west ©«i fe IbS w2k fee xegi- m9d,w wi nsisci jaet in Cut te ©d ? hgf tedMda to fahe past to. fee tei& off »n« Yfeeeaneegnsncewlefeaiwpto festfens I Meraily had Mari as vm&wLrj; ; aESeeiaa&dlflMi; Be£9» I hasw aa»- | MfeaSisaiiimicf 8ae iw,I was aa j «» psralyved. -X saw nsftiag, I haasd mgdfcTPPr.tet hamadr mr warmf tssfiiEztlEftsaeiE myfiues in fee jr-»jmapgg- WfeaU «S Wat-OVeE, 3si. fllfffftrei fct- few®gte«iaTfsiI Id fes ground inseaeMa. TTwgpBy fisar sue KM stesfees dsdsi»d I was in a fogSf qa I VwgV a®l.S»l3BaBBB0S.iaC$i5E6- «sgM_ As «s»3u as i got ©sfeer I was cent Jar—a flsa ressr,"3y. i£ci J at OBS Hfusi K «SJ pspeSy SSsS. "STKEi Ms»£. Sfe CKHlM' «.tT«g |T2 t&lksd; s£t S£& &FT1F; WHS wfa©«s as $® fee rati ©ssbse -;ff my ?T«whf. My Sagfanr WSS t>» " S3Sgxy W223E X rSCSTBfiCL . r»r?y. srrj tsil S&E; ETESh cff %ti& SBfifoSE. i f -gr j£-y S3E 22SeJe£ SS # E" W3T2L WES BSffoSfcliy , aaa awffal ttov rx rfoi . 3ca£ Sis foo si- ; j-iiiji ®g. jae scfonred- si ££ off j —ir«s y rfe; i CXSSSfoS -C5E t«T-£; j3ff. J> K.-wrrfo jfes; exe a bfofo is. "02S CStsI Ss-rfoe, I i 42askf=2j useeptsi fo. bxfofirisg isfos la fesK ; cspt-irj X ssei rT=r b=ar s. rss £t=j£. ap,gi-ir. « Ysc. wfoi szdsgzsati tfo sejO&y; I ass. farc.'&sg; .-.-m " -g ZE2KS5 O-f cfoSScCfoksB. | ygagacj- tr-c- S<?JE, as£ ISE pjSx£Il»J' SC 22J- j ?»rV-g Ifl-s- a. gsxsnl ErT.J. I «Ij is ?vr» -f r>=r-? i£Lc. tr.it I Lets EST 1 f«t.rx irpry -S3£tC£2J. 1 SITE ZlZ2£si. S3 j jbftxA tfea It- ST -&2SJ TSES5 1X33. Z£jE CCSi.- j SCES53SSSK tZil lfe>= T9ES3E. WET X 1 SlC ITS? J «M wi£s£y ksCflTS, tLli.» 1 shzZLzl SL5CE1£ i If £i eaiES ts be n-tsEfasy. bee tisE | f fe-asgirt IM If tisre is zrzdzL- 1 eseH &s53It; | t-a bt ts- pl_£j ej pari Hkr a ssse, flk ESS WIB. ksrx, asi. ISXSE tfeaa €T8E« Sc> J3= will ssssrstaas-X wzw wtj &s; ptc- tsse X Eiw, is wkl: I wm fg.tr-g is 1 pgTl ci tfes Scjs, is to bs 2 at asir £s- peslsffiiSe, hzi sr-f eES2ss£ie. It is £ lyarTrA ZZZ7 fo iaTg to 4&I.; Tfe il %k& last ferrtf- I hzr Gpssed my lips m mbjeei wen X 3£S t3 £T fgjfesr, bst X kBSTV 'OiSt yaa. bo& m a frf esa & doetse, viH pctr few se. 5Z COESZOrOEw 