A Flowerdal[e Ghost Story. THE following rhythmical narrative, ra printed from the last issue of the Yes I Chronicle," will serve to a.uaint those < whom it may interest as to certain '* aiaii s on' that hare transpired in a ceighbo?riou locality : There are who say that grats do re'k at . night, Thb restless spirits of the unhappy dead. Foul, ha'gard forms, y'eladde in purest ! white. (For farther information, vide Stead). And ghosts there are-ghosts seen through spirits bad, Or fusel oil, or call it what you m ar; Of these I w:'te. These saw our her Ia&ld; Y' Flynn, who laid them out at Breaa.uo'. Day. Our hero lived at Break-o'-Day, A ealtm setlded 0Ut t; ilia name was Pas.ivk Flynn, we'" say, Because, in feet, 'twin not. "Far feora the crowd's inoble strife," Ilis way wais eaho hbut slow; lie let a strict blte-ritleon life Whenever funds were lon. But sorry is that lot, I ween. All work, nid nanlht of play ; Pat :hou iht s) too. For change of scene, He hied him into Yee. He met with many friends that day, A merry time they spent, And gaily pansed the hours sway In vinous merriment. And loud their lasgh of ease heguiled, But tPan mo t have an e on Pat f ndly thought of waife and hild When he'd no more to spend. Pie hnrbe was hroneht, away he went; The steel in safety bore. His mnster csmi.gqrmntenit, As oft he'd done hefore. And Paddy's thoughts wold4 harkward roam His soul was still in Yea ; And as he gently r*mhled home, Dreamed not of washling day. When r?tnd his throat a stranglingdltr'h He felt. The sqcsuent thud Annoyed our hes 3 very much, And roused his Celtic blood., Thca up he spran, firepared to fy, Or fight--br fight he could V."at pitrily phantnrr? met his sight, And froze him sLere he stood I The scene the bravest snight aepps; Eehte his awe.strnch sight We're gr.esnme spectres, headless all. And dressed is grare-yard white. And elfish arms were thrown aronnd, Legs kicked in frantie glee., And bodies mroved withou ta aou?ld In ghostly revelry. Transtfied he stood, and soare dismayed, His nerver upon the rack, Until sefiection lent him aid And called his courage Lack. Quoth Pat, his speech a little thick, S'll meet with no mishap, A dinentl dlied leg can't kick, At least not worth a rap." A rush, a tearing sound, asprone Pat fell upon his nose, He muttered with he?ertrend'ln' mean. "Great Scott I the Missne' clothes." Of wifely jibe at loe and heand liie best filends never knew: But now, whene'er ihe cos abhroad, He wears the ribbon hlue. '- . SWIVELIEP. 