THE RIVERTREE SILVER-FIELD. The following article, written by a special reporter of the S. M. Herald, describes in an interesting manner tho Rivertree silver-field. This field, being close to the Queensland border, has attracted a good deal of attention in this colony, and already a large amount of Queensland capital has been invested there :- WHERE IS RIVERTREE? This was the question I asked a few days ago in Tenterfield when instuctions reached me to specially repoet on the Rivertree silver-field. "It is somewhere in the north eastern corner of this colony, close to the Queensland border, and is not very easily reached," was the reply. Further inquiries elicited from a kind-hearted brother journalist the information that my best course would be to go by rail lo Stanthorpe, in Queensland, and from Stanthorpe to take a horse and buggy and drive via Wilson's Downfall, thrity-two miles to the field. "It's a rough road, and several bad river crossings are on the way." The heavy rain which fell on the night these par- ticulars were noted was not assuring as to the possibility of satisfactorily performing the wo.rk Of courso nothing should stop a reporler, not even a river in flood, and being impressed with this very laudable sentiment I, despite the rain, started for Stanthorpe. Poor old Stanthorpe ; when first I visited it twenty years ago it was young, and had many liberal admirerd. Its Quartpot Creek wass yield- ing immense quantifies of stream tin, it hadd about thirty hotels all doing a roaring trade, its streets at night were thronged with moleskin-clad miners, its trade for many years was enormous; but gradually Ihe rich stores were exhausted, until now it may be said its tin-mining; is almost ended. Still it is clean, healthy, bright, and cheerful. Little farms have been established, and its land is proving to be well suited for fruit- growing. There is report, too, that some machinery of extraordinary power is about to be introduced so as to work some of the tin land which up to the present has been rated too poor even for Chinese to laboour upon. These were my reflections while spending a couple of hours at Stanthorpe prior to starling for Rivertree. Mr Denis Sheahan, an obliging, honest innkeeper, consented to let me have the use of his horse and buggy. It proved to be a good horse in both saddle and shafts, and off I started without delay for Wilson's Downfall, which I reached before sundown. Thus thirteen miles out of thirty- two were accomplished. The road so far was good. Mrs Palmer, who keeps the only hotel at the Downfall, made me as comfortable as any tra- veller needed to be. Mr Smith the postmaster, gave me much valuable information, and, best of all, Police sergeant Oliver, warden's clerk, and holder of many other offices, all of which he fills in a kind, gentlemanly was, found that as business would lead him Rivertreewards on the morrow, I could have his valuable guidance. As these arrangements were being made down came the rain, and as the fall intensified the fears of bad crossings, I determined to leave the buggy at the Downfall and do the work in the saddle. THE ROAD TO THE FIELD There is still a considerable amount of pro- fitable work being done at the Downfall, which was in the seventies, a wonderfully rich district. Last year 210 tons of tin ore were raised, valued at £12,323. The sergeant took about £270 in licenses, rights,and deposits with mineral lease applications, also £18 for survey fees. There were issued 27 miners' rights, 12 business licences, 85 mineral licences, and there were received 9 ap- plications for leases The population returns for the year, collected by the sergeant and his active assistant, Police constable Piper, show that there were 778 Europeans, 164 Chinese, and 31 abori- gines on the fleld. The number of voters appears as 283. These items were picked up during the half hour I spent in the Downfall's neat little courthouse prior to making a start for Rivertree. lt was on Sunday afternoon the sergeant and I set out. The Undercliff and Rivertree road branches off to the left at the village of the Downfall, going from Stanthorpe; and recently the Roads Department spent about £700 on the twenty miles from the Downfall to Rivertree. It is not a bad coach road, but some of the cuttings around the sidings are even thus early showing signs of speedy wear. About six miles on our way we pass the homestead of Undercliff station \- Mr. Cullen's property - and admire some pretty cattle. There is plenty of grass all around. Half a mile from the homestead there are some magnificent falls. A heavy body of water keeps tumbling for hundred of feet over a steep, sloping face of smooth rock (a diorite, I think), until it reaches a fernclad gully, which in point of beauty bears comparison with some of the best show spots of the colony. We are travelling east- wards. Undercliff station is about 1500ft above the level of the Rivertree silver- field. We have some sharp descents to make, and determine to do them by the way of a bridle trsck which it is said cuts off three or four miles from the ordinary road distance. It is a sheep track, but not worse than others I have met with, and, best of all, it saves three or four river crossings. All we had to do was to keep the Maryland River, which was dashing down in a vexed way on our left, and to cross the Boonoo Boonoo River close to where it joins the Maryland. Prior to doing this we pause awhile, and from the eminence gaze upon the lovely valley in which the chief mines of River- tree are situated. We can see the working plainly, and know that our ride is nearly done. We are close to the head of that mighty river the Clarence,for not far from where we stand the Koreelah Creek joins the Boonoo Boonoo and Maryland, and from the point of junction the ever active stream is known as the Clarence River. I agree with my companion that Rivertree is lovely, ay, and go so far as to say that it is the loveliest site for a mining field of all the beautiful spots within my memory. Small oaks line the river's course, verdant slopes stretch from the oaks to the middle heights of granite hill, some of which are nearly 800ft in height. And when we successfully made across the Boonoo Boonoo, each quarter-mile exposes fresh beautiies, well-sheltered glades, and pretty eminences. On one of the most prominent of the latter stands the residence of Mr. W. G> Rodda, manager of the Rivertree Proprietary Company's mine. We pass a few huts,an old furnace shed, and Benjamin's substantial store, and soon are at Mr Rodda's door. Our horses are glad of a roll, and we of a stretch. Our recep- tion by Mr. and Mrs. Rodda is most hospitable, and after a wash we have tea, and after that a mining chat of some hours' duration. Thus we passed our Sabbath evening. The ride from the Downfall, done at a walking or jogging pace, had taken less than five hours. Next morning we start early, and do a heavy day's work, one minute in the saddle, the next down a shaft, and in the evening we sum up our impressions and notes. It is extracts from this summary which are now about to be placed before my readers. BOUNDARIES OF RIVERTREE Rivertree silver-field, which is represented by maps to be a tract of country which measures four miles from south-west to north-east, and about two miles in width, nearly all taken up in 40-acre mineral leases, is at the head of the Clarence River, twenty miles in a straight line from the Queensland boundary Thus it will be observed that this colony has silver in two of her boundary corners. In the south-west there is Broken Hill, and in the north-west Rivertree. The former has wide lodes, a disagreeable climate, and no water ; the latter narrow lodes, a faultless climate, and rivers which are never dry. To con- tinue the comparison it may be said that whereas Broken Hill is a great dividend-yeilder, Rivertree so far has done little better than make calls. Yes, unfortunately, such is the fact ; but let us keep in mind that it took many years to put the south- western corner on the dividend list, and that Rivertree is yet young. it is conveniently situated too. from Tenterfield it can be reached in fifty miles, from Warwick in forty-two miles, and from Stanthorpe in thirty-two miles. If Rivertree can be made payable, no field will be a greater favourite. The "country" of the field one its western end is granite, with diorite dykes, and on the eastern end slate. The four miles as traversed presents a network of what seem to be true fissure lodes, which vary in width from 1ft. to 12ft. I may say something more of its geological features as I pro- ceed. The lodes almost invariably course 250 east of north, and underlie west sometimes 1 in 6, but at the greatest depth reached on the field, 160ft., the lode is almost vertical. The river, which averages in width about three chains, cuts through spurs from hills, the course of the streams being almost north-east, but with several wind- ings. These irregularities give favourable oppor- tunities for tunnelling into or driving on some of the lodes. The gullies are well timbered with ironbark. Heavy rains quickly swell the rivers, which fortunately very speedily discharge and come to their normal state. The main traffic to the field is via Stanthorpe, from which once a week a coach runs. The fare is 17s. 6d. single, 30s. return. it is likely, too, that there will be a coach laid on from Warwick. ITS HISTORY Rivertree is on the junction of the Undercliff and Koreelah cattle runs. Mr. J. P. Thomas, who formerly held the latter, commenced pros- pecting the country many years ago. About three years ago he struck a good show, and soon after the discovery of Mr. J. W. Archibald, a propsector of great skill and much enterprise, and a crowd of miners rushed the field. Leases were speedily mucked out, and the prospecting excite- ment continued for fully a year, at the end of which about 350 miners were on the field. Silver- seekers came from Grafton, Lismore, Sydney, and Warwick. Besides the leases taken some free selections on the western side of the field, about 400 acres, were eagerly sought for and purchased. The first move in actual company work was made soon after the first rush. , Leases on the north- east end of the field, making 500 acres, known as the Wongabah add Silvery Wave, were taken by a syndicate, who erected a 30-ton water-jacket smelter, burned charcoal, imported coke from Brisbane, and limestone and ironstone from Lucky Valley, twenty-two miles off ; sank a shaft 100ft. in lode 15ft. wide, and generally set to work as men who mean mining should. They were on the wrong track, however, and soon found that their ores were not suitable for smelting. The ores on the Silvery Wave leases were oxi- dised down to 30ft., and had a show of galena, but for the greater part, as sinking proceeded, the ore became a sulphide, and when in bulk was too siliceous for profitable smelting. This was a heavey blow. The smelting was abandoned, and the works remain up to the present idle, while the syndicate seems to be waiting for fresh developments. But it was thought then that this ore which was assayed at surface 9oz. to 15oz. per ton or silver, and at depths 20oz. to 30oz., shoul pay well if properly leached. THE PROPRIETARY COMPANY About two years ago Mr. Thomas placed about 600 acres of land, leases on the east side and south end of the field, in the hands of Mr. Ben- jamin, broker, of Brisbane, who floated it into what is known as the Rivertree Proprietary Com- pany, No Liability - 100,000 shares at 5s. each, half of which were paid up, the balance, 50,000, to be contributing, and 20,000 shares to be reserved. Thus there were 120,000 shares. The nominal capital was £30,000, but the sum available for calls was not more than £12,500. Mr. Gustave Hirsch was appointed manager. He arrived in the field and proceeded to open up several lodes on the surface, and sank a few shafts to a depth of 50ft. he also built a manager's residence, an assay office, and a reverberatory furnace. Mr. Hirsch was in management about twelve months, and was succceded by Mr J W Ashcroft, who retired after six months' work. At the end of the eighteen months all the available calls were exhausted. The furnace was never practically used. A small lot of ore smelted at Wongobah proved to Mr Hirsch that smelting would not meet the requirement, but it was shown by several tests that the ore of the Proprietary Company gave 45oz. of silver per ton. To use a common expression, things were at a standstill. In the middle of last year Mr. N. G. Rodda, from the Koh-i-noor Mine, Captain's Flat, was appointed manager, and a strong successful effort was made to increase the capital. The 100,000 shares were made up to 10s. each, which meant that all these shares had to contribute 5s. each if required so to do. This was effected, and 4d. per share has been already paid in calls. Prior, however, to increasing the capital, the directors- Messrs. James Gulland, Hon. J. D. Macansh, H. Bracker, A. A. Hollander, H. Willett, J. C. Tay- lor, and H. Benjamin (the local director) - sought for the best means of treating the ores. They sent up to Rivertree the well-known expert, Mr. Edgar Hall, who stayed in the field four months, and carried on extensive leaching experiments. Three companies of the field and several private investors subscribed to the cost of these experi- ments, at the close of which Mr. Hall gave an exhaustive report, which concludes with the following statements;- "In conclusion, I consider the experiments have shown :-1. That the silver in the Rivertree ores can be rendered soluble in weak solutions of hyposulphite of soda by roasting with salt. 2. That this is possible without any extraordinary care or skill. 3. That on a large scale with proper furnaces, and workmen used to the work, 90 per cent of the silver in the roasted ore may be ex- tracted uniformly. 4. That the loss in roasting made in these experiments is a loss which will not be made in regular work, and that at least 75 per cent of this apparent loss will be extracted as silver. 5. That taking this into consideration we may safely conclude that in a properly conducted mill 85 per cent of the total silver in the raw ore will be extracted from average low grade ores (of, say, 20oz. value), with a higher percentage from richer ores. I venture to affirm, without fear of refutation, that no better result can be obatined on Rivertree ores by any process, and by no pro- cess so cheaply as by lixiviation." lins íopoit This report of Mr Hall's was before the direc- tors about three months ago, and they promptly sent it, with samples of the ores, to Mr. Koehler, to whom they had paid £150 for a series of ex- periments. The result of the latter was that Mr. Hall's opinions received strong corroboration, and the directors without hesitation determined to start leaching works equal to the treatment of 35 tons of ore per day, but so contructed as to be easily doubled in power. The cost is estimated to be about £5000, and this same is in hand for a special machinery call of 1s. per share, the re- served 20,000 shares before mentioned being given as a bonus to the shareholders who so man- fully came to the rescue. A White-Howard fur- nace had been purchased in Auckland ; tenders are called for 100,000 bricks, and the balance of the machinery is being purchased. I am glad to say that leaching is likely to commenct before the close of this year. If leaching does what Messrs. Hale and Koehler say it will do, Rivertree should be a good field. its fate hangs on the result of the Proprietary's plucky venture. That there is silver to win is well known. For instance, let me conclude this my first paper with some facts from that energetic manager, Mr. Rodda. He has been keeping things moving by sending down ore. Indeed, the first time any sum was placed to the credit side of the ledger was four months ago, when five tons of dressed ore, taken for the Dunlop lode, was sold to the Queensland Smelting Company, Aldershot, Maryborough. The net return was £130. The carriage, via Warwick, was £3 per ton. Treating cost £3 10s. per ton, dressing and bagging 10s. per ton. The ore actually gave 1082oz. of silver. In all, by this costly means, from 26 tons 5468oz. of silver were obtained, and a clear sum of £700 put to the credit of the company. This class of ore is now being raised form good depths. What is con- sidered seconds is assaying 50oz. per ton. This ore is being stacked for leaching, and how Mr. Rodda is mining what the lodes are like can easily be told in my next summary of notes. When Captain Rodda took charge of the Pro- prietary Company's properties last year the deepest shaft on them was 100ft. There were shown by surface workings seven silver-bearing lodes. These were named the Mount Pleasant, Little Wonder, Brisbane, Grasstree, Dunlop No. 1, Dunlop No 2, and lode on eastern blocks. There was not the cash available to keep on many men ; but the total of six months' work, as shown in the half-yearly report, has been : - Sinking, 197ft.; driving on main levels, 360ft.; and pros- pecting (sinking and driving), about 200ft. The first three lodes mentioned are on the southern end of the property, the next three are on the middle blocks, and the last is on a big piece of land up in the north-eastern end of the field. Government aid was given to sink a mian shaft in the underlie of the Mount Pleasant lode at the rate of 30s. per foot for the first 100ft., and 40s. for the next 100ft. At the time of my visit (21st March) I found the Mount Pleasant shaft down and timbered 160ft. it has three com- partments, giving a double road and a footway. The State aid up to the present has been £256. The shaft has cost at least £5 per foot, including timber. The grant was given on the suggestion of the Government Geologist, the late Mr. Wil- kinson, who held Rivertree in high esteem. I re- gret to say his report is not available. By glancing at Mr. Rodda's assay book I find that some of the lodes give very high returns. One sample from the 73ft. level of the Dunlop went 2710oz.per ton ; one shipment of 5 tons went 289oz. per ton. Fahlerz ore comes in when the change occurs fiom oxide to sulphide, and is very rich. But Mr. Rodda has, through lack of funds, to confine his operations to two lodes - the Mount Pleasant and the Dunlop. the former runs up a spur, and is tested along the surface of 612ft. At the upper end a shaft is down on the lode 80ft. Near the centre one is down 30ft. A drive is in from grass at a low point, about 160ft. The Go- vernment shaft is at the starting point of this drive, and is down 160ft. At 103ft. it is driven 90ft., and from the upper level this drive is cut by a winze. Then 75ft. on another winze, started from the upper level, is down 35ft. Take this down 70ft. more and there are ready to stope two blocks, one 75ft. by 103ft. and the other 90ft by 103ft. There will also be available for breaking down an immense block above the upper level. There is a good whim working the Government shaft. Water from the surface is encountered all over the granite part of the field, but a little bailing easily masters it. The Mount Pleasant lode averages 3ft. in width, and will go about 40oz. per ton. This should pay well with leaching. The Dunlop lode runs across a spur, and has been tested along the course of the surface for 712ft. A level, called the 73ft. level, is being driven right through this spur. On one end it is in 130ft., and at the other 100ft. Air shafts are down in the drives. Each is giving its block for stoping, and 100ft. in a shaft, is down about 100ft., showing a lode at the bottom which is wonderfully rich. Again, on the lower side of the spur a shaft is down 70ft., and is driven in 80ft. on what is called the 173ft. level. This lode, like the Mount Pleasant, Is furnished with a whim. The average width of lodw Is about 2ft., and Mr Rodda esti- mates that all through it will average 100oz. per ton. There is a strong display of ore grassed on this Dunlop lode. Dunlop No. 1, Dunlop No. 2, and Grasstree are parallel lodes, running through 60 acres of property, and have about 80 chains of lode com se lode course. The Mount Pleasant, Little Wonder, and Brisbane are south-west of the Dunlop, and are parallel and held in two 40 acre leases. The six lodes mentioned are on the eastern side of the river, which forms a half- circle to the east at this part. The distance between the two sets of lodes is about a quarter of a mile. OTHER COMPANIES. By standing on tho Mount Pleasant workings and looking across the river northwards the visitor sees on the western bank at the bend the 100 acres on which are workings known as "No. 1 Company." This company was formwd soon after two Proprietary was floated, and on the same lines except that the contributing shares (50,000) were liable to 6s, each. About 2s. 7d. of this amount has been called up. It was first managed by Mr. Westhoven. Up to the end of 1890 there were sunk upon it three shafts on what were known as the No 1, No 2, and No. 3 lodes. About 80ft. was the greatest depths reached. No. 2 is known to be a continuation of the Mount Pleasant lode. Thus it will be seen that the country, although out by the river, is still true. In January, 1891, Mr. Rodda took the manage- ment, and by going further west commenced on what is named the No. 4 lode. On this he drove along a level known as the 190ft. The spur is steep and gives plenty of backs. About 700ft. up on the hill a shaft is down on the course of the No. 4 about 45ft. The 190ft. level is driven 250ft., and will go in 450ft. further, all in the lode's course. Then by sinking the shaft just men- tioned to cut the drive, a plentiful supply of backs is opened and ready for work. Lower down on the lode at the 250ft. level the reef is driven along 170ft., and near the entrance of the drive the shaft is down 60ft, Three winzes con- nect or almost connect the two levels. The lode varies feom 4in. to 5ft. in width. Probably the average is 2ft., and the value is about 30oz. per ton. About 250 tons of this ore are at grass. There is a whim on the principal shaft, which is well timbered and has three compartments. All the ore has come from the exploring work. There has been no stoping. No. 1 lode was not perse- vered with, and is considered a failure. No. 2 lodo at 30ft down was 3ft. wide and assayed 34oz. per ton. No. 3 is a small lode, and is not so rich as No. 2. The contiibuting shareholders are keeping closely to this mine, but the labour em- ployed seems small to the prospects developed. If leaching is successful, No. 1 Company is likely to be a dividend-paying mine. Tho United mine, 470 acres, was floated eighteen months ago in Brisbane on the same lines as No. 1 Company. There are 470 acres in the United, and these are almost due north of the No. 1 Company. Some excellent work was done in this mine on good shows. A shaft is down 150ft. on what is supposed to be the No. 4 lode of the No. 1 Company, but in the United the lode is 8ft. wide. There are good surface shows for three-quarters of a mile in this ground, which is unfortunately at present under suspension. The company spent £3000, abd I believe will soon resume active work. North of the United, on the high country, the Amalgamated Silve Mining Syndicate, formed about twelve month ago in Warwick and Bris- bane, has 320 acres, the greater portion of which is rough country. The syndicate has several good shows, and has spent about £1600 in driving. Some of the lodes are 3ft. wide, and that they carry silver is proved by the fact that 22 tons sent for treatment to Dry Creek, South Australia, yielded £350nert. The blocks are now in suspen- sion, waiting, like other parts of the field, until the leaching is properly tried. The Freehold, about 400 acres east of the Pro- rietary, was purchased some time ago by a Brisbane and Sydney syndicate for £3000 cash. Trenching on this property has brough to light several good indications, but no actual mining has been done on the land. Out on the north-east, about two miles down on the Cullen's Creek, there are 200 acres named the Central Blocks. These are in slate country, with here and there diorite dukes. Some of the surfave shows of this part fo the field give very encouraging assays. Indeed, one high part to which I with great difficulty climbed, has a wide lode, which is quite as rich as any part of the field. Mr. Archibald, who was with the first rush to Rivertree, is an indefatigable prospector as well as a skilful metallurgist, and resides on this slate country. He has great faith in Rivertree, and is one of the strongest advocates of the leaching process. PROSPECTS OF THE FIELD The population of Rivertreemust increase rapidly before the close of this yeart. There are about eighty blocks - each of which is forty acres \- to be held, and as it takes a few men to hold each block when shows are good, Rivertree's labour conditions must be fulfilled. A township has boen surveyed, and tenderss for a provisional school have been invited. Mr. Benjamin, a local director of the Proprietary mine, one of the firmn of Benjamin and Co., of Warwick and Rivertree, is the chief storekeeper, and has done much towards keeping the field going. Its condition twelve months ago was rather precarious, but it is gradually gaining strength. There are several substantial houses on the field. Mails come and go twice each week. The post ofiice is kept by Mr. H. Morris, and I have heard that there is an accommodation house. Doubtless there will ere long be an hotel. The absence of one causes the hospitality of Mr. Rodda and Mr. Benjamin to be sometimes severely taxed. I will close my remarks with a slight reference to the question of State aid to mines. This as it at present stands is a vexed matter, but under proper management the aid can be made a kind of seed from which good results will spring. Let us take Rivertree as an instance of what is done. Since the start of the field the State aid paid to its mines has been - Proprietary Company, £250 ; No. 1 Company, £53 ; Amalgated Com- pany, £112 ; total, £421. During the same term these companies paid in the way of rent £980. The rate is 5s. per acre per annum. Now accord ing to the maps of the field there are about 3200 acres leased. The rent from these should be £800 per annum. What was the value of the land beforo Mr. Thomas brought from Bnsbane the capital to test the Rivertree lodes? The rent was, day, anout 1d. per acre. About £18 6s. 8d. to compare with the £800 now drawn! It would be well to go on with this State aid. The Mount Pleasant lode will be soon sunk upon to the 200ft. level. Would it not be good policy one the part of the State to continue the shaft until 500ft. are done? An offer of £4 per foot might tempt the company \- which, remember, has already spent £13,000 on their property - to go on with the shaft. And if the lode continued good down to 500ft., would there not be greator inducements held forth to private enterprise? I would not weaken the probable effect fo the aid by scattering it over the field. Shallow shafts here and there prove very little, but the deep shaft solves a great problem. What the cost of leaching and otherwise treating ores on Rivertree will be is variously estimated. One authonty says the outside rate will not be more than 36s. per ton. It may may be very much less, but at the rate of, say, £3 per ton charged on ore from outside mines, there is a prospect of good profits foe the suppliers of the ore. Of course much depends on the way in which the field is worked. If days are to be short and wages long it may happen that the hopes concerning Rivertree will be blighted. The line between calls and dividends on mines is fre-bet»» cou calls and dividoudB on mines is fro quently a very narrow one. For instance, mine No. 1, with judicious management and good labour willingly given at a fair price, may each month pay 6d. per share divldend, while No. 2, with equal natural advantages, may before the close of twelve months become bankrupt. But as this leads to the vexed question, Can the mines of New South Wales yield sufficient metals to pay labour at the rate of 50s. for forty-four hours? I drop my pen and, like Rivertree's investors, will wait for results. Novollsts' law, savs tho Now York Trifniiic, is the subject of criticism again. Oscar AYilde is one of the latest to err. In his recent ghost story the English peer says of certain jewels : " As for their being heirlooms, nothing Is an heirloom that is not mentioned in a will or a legal document." And ono apparently sober statement of law shows n lamentable Ignorance of common diction. "I know," says the . speaker concerning English law, " that in this I country mortmain is held to apply to trinkets as xvcll as land, and it Is quito clear to mo that these jewels should bo heirlooms." Another novelist lins nn apparently reputable firm of lawyers proposing lo stop a criminal prosecu- tion if a civil demand ¡3 met. The notions of many novol writers about wills aro particularly vague, and it Is safo to say that two-thirds of the novelists' law points would lind no sanction in tho courts. Charles Bickons, Wilkie Collins, Miss Braddon, and others, however, either had lawyers examine their books or prepared them- selves by study, as they mo usually accurate. Tho Queen Victoria Jubileo Home for British Governesses in Vienna lina dono excel len i.work for British govomesse3 not only in Vienna but in Austro- liungary generally and In Bulgaria. So successful, in fact, lins the scheme proved, that a home for governesses, framed on tho same inodol ns the Viennese Home, was recently established at Constantinople. The chief object is to provide British governesses abroad, who aro temporarily out of employment, with a comfortable home and pood food at a mode- rate cost. In special cases monetary assistance is also given. 