GREAT BRITAIN. B. VAUGHAN ON THE HEBREW BACE. On Monday afternoon (says the I verse of 2nd July) his Grace the Archbishop- elect of Westminster opened the new chapel attached to the Convent of the Daughters of Sion, Chepstow Villas, Bayswater. Preaching on the occasion, his Grace took for his text, " The path of the just, as a shining light, goeth forward and increaseth," etc. We have assembled here to-day (he said), dear children in Jesus Christ, for the celebration Of what I may call a domestic festival. And, indeed, talcing part in a work of this kind has a speoia. interest in it, because THE COHGBE&ATION; OF THE DATJGHTEB8 OF SION is in one respect unlike other religious congregations of' women—viz., it has been founded for a very special object^an object peculiar to itself. It is carrying on its work in various parts of the worlc and whatever promotes, establishes, con. solidates, develops, extends in the houses of this Congregation tends directly towards the multiplication of converts from the Hebrew ' rape. for the sake of whom this Congregation was founded It is now more than thirty years since Marie Theodore Batisbonwe received m 'most miraculous and touching manner the gift of divine faith. There were two brothers — young Jewish bankers of Strasbourg. The elder, Theodore, had already, by God's grace, been brought into the Church of God; but his younger brother was very far, indeed, from approving his elder brother's step, and was filled with hatred of the Catholic religion oil account of that brother's conversion. He was 25 years of age, and was leading a life of pleasure in Paris, when he became engaged to a young lady of the Jewish race. But delays interposed, and, in order to obtain some distrac. tion of mind, he resolved to make a journey into Italy. When he entered central Italy he wished to go to Naiples, where he had friends, but by some untoward accident, as it appeared, he got into the wrong diligence, and he found himself at Rome. In Bome he in&de; the acquaintance of a person who had been recently converted to the Catholic faith. This convert begged of Batisbonne, as a personal favour, to say a little prayer which lie would write but for him and: to wear a medal, which he did. Batisbonne looked upon the prayer with an eye of contempt, and felt, indeed, to cast it away at once. But, from a sense of deference—of courtesy to the person Who had offered it to him—he accepted it, and promised he would respect it. The Archbishop then dealt with the conversion of Batisbonne, which was due to his entering a Catholic churoh where a funeral ceremony was being held, in order to see the decorations of that church. Suddenly (said bis Grace) on looking up in the direction of a side chapel he felt himself, as he describes it, lost to all sense of the persons in the church, and he beheld the Blessed Virgin—a picture of Our Ladybeheld her in the attitude in which' she is represented on the miraculous medal. She beckoned to him to kneel down before ber, and he knelt down. She spoke not to him, but in a short while the vision disappeared. He remained prostrate in prayer, and was converted to the Catholic faith in that moment. The light of holy faith filled his mind, and his heart, which had been so. disturbed, became at once attuned with the charity of Jesus Christ, and he confessed himself converted. The whole ; question of this miraculous apparition was carefully gone into, and the investigation was so satisfactory that the Holy . See granted that a festival, even during the lifetime of this convert, should be kept in that church in honour of . his conversion and this festival is kept year by year in the same church. Batisbonne threw off at once the attractions and the allurements of the world. His conversion was a whole- hearted conversion, and he determined to give himself, body, soul, fortune—all he possessed —to the love and the service of his God. The two brothers determined at first, indeed, not to work fpr the conversion of the Jews. Marie Theodore entered the Society of Jesus, and was fofc teri years a Jesuit, when' the Holy Father pointed to him that jus work was really else* where ; he was to . co-operate with his brother, who, in Paris, had not only founded Congregations for men whpBe work was to be the conversion of the Jewish race, but a number of ladies had gathered together and offered themselves as labourers' in the service of Sion, and devoted their lives and all they possessed to the redemption of Israel. And when they were thus prepared to unite large FUNDS WHICH HAD BEEN AMASSED BY BATISBONNE, and placed in a bank, in order that a suitable house and garden should he purchased and an income secured for the establishment of that novel Congregation, the bank failed, and everything was absolutely lost. lister the Holy Father signified to him that he might be released from his obligations to the society and join his brother, so that the Hebrews should work together in the midst of trials and losses for the conversion-of their race. So he joined his brother, and thus the Congregation of the Daughters of Sion came together in great simplicity and poverty. ' After many trials a letter arrived from his sister, who. was still a Jewess, enclosing a small sum of money. With this money Batisbonne bought the daughters a house. In this manner the Congregation rose, and now there are some twenty-eight houses of the Daughters of Sion established, two of which are in Paris. And the ulterior object of the members of this Congregation—th ie great desire that fills their hearts—is the conversion of the Hebrew nation to the Catholic faith. What nobler, grander undertaking than thisP asked the Archbishop—a congregation of men and:the Daughters of Sion labouring for the. conversion .of' TSAT GSXAT, THAT HTSTBBIOCS, THAT R , . , WOK DEO US BACK, Vas faorn t.-u • Jesus and Mary, which in the fliidst of the aspersions g| the last 1800 year's « still' clear and distinct,, with'its felpbd untainted'and its peculiar chatac^ristics en^'raveii' Sip'on the souL Here, ihen, is the . race. 'And we have before us an assurance of the Holy Ghost, written in the-prophecyof St. Paul, that, the time will come when the Hebrew race willreturntothe Ood who had watched over it for centuries. We have had; during the last'fifty years, a vety large iitittib^rbf converts to o<ir Chutch from the Jewish faith. Their names hayis not been published ; they have not been made the subject of NEW6PAPEB PARAGRAPHS. Bat it is well that this work should continue in humility, peace, and quiet; not stirring up the public animosity against the Hebrew race. Large numbers of conversions, both , of men and women, have taken place—the constant work, the preaching, and the prayers of the • Daughter of Sion. And the 100 sisters who form at present the conjugation, a very large number of theth ate" converts from the Jewish, faithi Akd almost every house of this congregation has one or more representatives of the Hebrew race, and the desire—the conversion of Israel—exists in every one of these housesi The representatives of the race are to be found there,' and the work has been steadily, and is, increasing year by year, Without noise, withbut calling public attention rto it. Therefore, I say that our gathering here to-day has an especial interest in it, inasmuch aJs we are all present to express our sympathy with the great work which this congregation is carrying on. The just man gives to his neighbour what i? his due; he is one who is just evefi to himself, attributing to himself his Weakness, his natural tendencies, and his evil proclivities. And the just man, the Holy G-host has said, shall be like unto a shining light. In conclusion, his .Grace said:— And this is the life, as far as we can see, of this congregation whose sanotuary we open to-day. FOBTT YBABS AGO it was not. It arose, as it were, by that miracle—tMt wondrous light of Mary which fell upon the eyes and the heart of the hardhearted Jew, as he appeared to be. It arose from him, and the daughters, amidst bankruptcy and trials of all kinds, came, to Italy unknown to the world.- That congregation has spread through all parts of Europe, and it is hsfre carrying on the work.< Ton only knoWthis cbngregation to be-abody of highly-refined and educated ladies who are dgming' theiriaieati'^naWections to the service of numberless children ^ ho come to receive education from them. But they do not intrude upon your notice their great mission— the main object for which their Order was founded. Their work is going on within themselves—constant prayer—constant offering up of servicesin order to regain children to God—that He may be pleased to accept their labours, their sacrifices, their prayers, their: tears, for the convercion of that great and noble Jewish race. That day the sanctuary was opened which contained the' sacrament, that was the great fountain from which all who led a supernatural life obtained the health and the strength which that •npeinatnral principle needed in order toDO maintained in the soul. 