AND REEDY CREEK TIMEJS. t PUBLISHED EV RY FRIDAY. FRIDAY, DECEMIBER a, 1892. The Dixson Will Case. IF THE ghost of DixsoN (deceased) has been hovering over the tight that has been going on over his proeperty, in the Supreme Cour;, he will not have felt very proud of his attempt to keep his money from his legitimate heirs. Neither will lie be proud at hearing the history of his own life related by that unhappy lady who had the ,misfortune to be his wife. The upshot of the whole atbair constitutes one of the finest jokes that has been enacted in the courts for a long time past. Here is a man who :mnaged to atlass' a fortune of some £40,000 in spite of his drunken habits, a fact that says much for the virtues of the ' fragrant weed" in which he dealt. the disposal of which after his deantl appears to have giveh him a great deal of trouble during the later years of his life. Having arranged that his widow and children should receive £9000, he left the residue, about £30,000, to the Melbourne University, not that he seems to have cared very much for the interests of learning, but as the least discreditable way he could think of of Keeping tile money away from those who had the greatest moral and legal right to it. But there is many a slip between the cup and the lip; and just when the trustees were about to take possession of the property the heirs step in and object. Most people will agree that they were quite right in doing so. It is all very well and very proper that wealthy people should spare fromi their abundance, to help the charities of the country; it is equally meritorious to found scholarships for the benefit of poor and deserving students; to build a church or endow a school. But tile whole merit of a bequest disappears when it is given from mean and contemptible motives, and the man wlho by such means makes hIis revenge felt after his death is nothing less than an unnatural brute. Whiatever DLtsox may have been, however, the University authorities saw no reason whly they should accept the money he had flung at their heads, and the last thing they thought of when their right to. it was disputed was to sugest an amicable settlesment by dividing it wilh the family of the de ceased mtan. On the contrary, they determined to fight the matter out in the Law Courts. In a very short time a Bill of Costs was run up on both sides-the united amounts of which are sail to be alsout £5000, or one-fifth of the fortune that DixsoN died possessed of. A good deal of evidence had been heard, and it must have been felt that the Court would not be likely to entertain a very high opinion of the testator's isntelle't. The trial was not more than half over, and several more ,housands would have been spent before the last word was said. At this point that was done that ought to have been done before-a compromise was effected. Costs of both sides are to be paid out of theI estate, and what is left-somen £20,000, s to be equally divided between the t heirs and tie University. I The family will thus gain £10,000 or £11,000 in addition to what was left them, whilst the University gets an equal sutm, when it possibly might, by t continuing the fight, have got nothnig at all and have had ti, pay a heavy Bill of Costs bIesides. The agreement that is come to is about the most sensible thin- that could have been done, and the ghost, if it put in an appearance, must have felt a grim satifaction in knowing that the vindictive feelinzs which prompted so unjust a disposition of property have been gratified to at least a partial extent. There may be fewer scholar ships to associate with his name and keep his memory green; but the lawyers will not forget him in a hurry, whilst the archives of the thie Supreme COurt are enriched by some hundreds of up.ges of evideceo which the dead man's monev has paid for. If lihe failed to achieve fame in the haunts of learning, lie hals at least attained to posthumsous notoriety in the crooked paths of law. 