EOILED AT THE EEJISff. (A Detective Stobt). CHA.PTER L A rOZZUSIG SUMMONS. i " Confound the fellow !" j Sylvester Wade said it aloud, and I under my breath. Perhaps L had the more reason, for I had receired a nasty knock on the knee from Wade's buff. Bat, then, it was my fnnlt. I was making a reckless -dash for the high level platform at Willesden -Inaction.] and I came into violent collision with the detective. We recoiled and recog-i nised each other. Then the flash of anger was exchanged for a langh—me-- fal on my side—and wegras ped hands " You are in a hurry. Mr Cnrtip." ] " I was ; bnt £ have time to talk to yon." j "Ah, yoa are on the look ont for news. Bat I haven't done much for yoq yet. The toil of onr man is -unoom-j monly hard to find. ' Still, I think I shall do it. I've wor i • from the north about it now, and I am taking the express to Liverpool. It is news that has come in an odd way, bat I am bonnd to test it. We mustn't let onr party slip out of the country without leaving as an -address. It is a littty awkward for me to go. There has been a robbery at Cadmorc >1 anor—Mr Gerald Hamber's place. Know it.' " Yes ; a little." "He has wired me to-go down at once and get at the bottom of " it. Oni £ can't; or, at all events, that most wait. My first obligation is. to yon—'4 ran to earth the rogue who swindled your father so audaciously. I will try to effect that, if it is only because. the trickster shows such good sport ami has such a bag of rases. £ am on my mettle." " Which means that wc shall win.*' And, indeed, I have .never known a man in the spy business of to-day so clever, so successful, and withal so thorough a good fellow as Sylvester Wade. It was native aptitude not to be repressed that had put him into his profession and that kept hiin there, «ven when, as he owned to me, fa sometimes loathed it. " I hope so. As -Wade spoke, a ramble -was in the air. He again pat oat his hand. " Time's np—she's coming along,' he said, "it's nicely -I hare many minutes to spare, unless I figure for some reason as a station ghost. Bat I don't care about driving the thing as close as yon do. I can't afford to be cat oat of the ranaing by, perhaps, some conspirator in a hnrry. Hope to •wire yoa good "tidings to-morrow. Tata" The express was sharing in ; and I had. a notion that Wade wanted to follow his own devices in selecting a seat and companionship. I, therefore, accepted my dismissal, and was soon climbing the stair* again. £ little thought that this meeting was part of a curious double chance which would shatter an ingenious piece of villainy and help to my own. Looking back, I see that I met Wade in the nick of time. His errand on my behalf is easily described. My father had been rained through the machinations of scoandrels He was an honest conn try gentleman — a Curtis, of Paignton Cortis—and land valaes fell, and men farmed to their rain. He fell a victim to money-lenders, and they sucked him dry. There «as cheating in the transactions that made "him bankrupt and killed him with the blow. Wade was in pursuit of the rogue who had bagged the spoils. If he could "be caught there was a probability that something might be recovered and bay me a minor city partnership. £ waa-waiting to see if it would be so. What I had now heard had set me face to lace with another old problem . Ubbody cou'd mention (Jadmor Manor to me without -giving a fillip to my imagination and caused me to -see Visions. Mirage pictures, tcalled them, when sober sense began to criticise. Bat they came constantly, and thoy were fair, and I Fed upon .them when my days <were fall of desolation. 1 saw the daintiest maiden in all my home shire smiling at me because I called her, with strange, mad. -daring. Christie— my Christie. And £ saw the small ovAl face flush through its tints of soft oIir<», and the hazel eyes first droo|i-and then' uplift with a glorious wonder of faith in them. Sometimes there followed the vision of 3 pleasant fireside and of ' Christie Hamber, changed into Christie Cortis, seated there, and making home for the -luckiest fellow in thefjreat town. When the steady consideration of hard bids wrong the romance out of ray mood, £ had to admit that few tilings were less likely thin that this should \- soon come "to -pass. My fortunes • were nndpr * cloud"; and though oar old neighbor -atCadmor Manor was outirardly genialwhen we met, I was-aware that the sudden check to our intercourse meantthat Iwas to -harbour no foolish " thoughts about his -daughter. My prospects were mot brilliant-before the cat asirophe; were now dubiofti in the : extreme. Gterald "Hamber was a tick -railway "contractor, -who had ^himself twice married welL, and who "would ;.«atumlly .fcokfor agsxirt #natdilfdr Christie. <WluitBveF»ords of dangerous regard-bad' been spekea«Aan34i£ stonn was .only ia 'lbiBat ^spaEt 'Ml - to the • Mrtiwl J "vfb- .vmAB1 vwwfaw ••4a& ' Au«*iter4iiat.as ^seaon^ilor 1 wafi V^^WtfcU ' I Kensington there was a.tdegram on the table from Christie's lather. .. -It«aid : " Jf ^yoa«ant to Jiear of II. imnfflai•teh^* , V,.... Twilight ins beginning to close in as I crawled np the Manor Avenue in a lugubrious fly, which was all that Hentbury station had to offer in the way «fi road conveyance. It was a billy drive of -tnore than three miles to Gadmore' Manor. As we stopped, a, light form, dressed in soft grey, tripped out into the great porch. My heart was beating as if- a dram were there-^-a troaehewms "manifestation I had -schooled inj-eelf all die way to be matter- of-fact and self-possessed, and to take a last 1m* and a silent farewell, and to let hope finally drift away. "But in Christies presence I somehow forgot good resolutions. ••It "is really yon—Mr Curtis.' he said, with, I fancied, an idd little break and quaver. " I was almost afraid that the message had missed, or that yon could not come. Mr Wade does not know that we have sent for yoa." " Mr Wade!" I ejaculated, helplessly. "Yes; Mr Wade is here. Yesterday was my twenty-first birthday"—the voice dropped to a musical vwhisper, and the daraask-kindled 4»n Ghriefiefi chwSfcs —"and papa had intended to give me a ring—veiy expensive ohe/J believe; and ifcwas «tolen " the day Jbefore. He was vjgry aqgty, add isStill set on finding the thief -ont. .'Mamma lias a new la -y's companion, who pieases her very Miiich. Miss J Res worth hastbe best tebttmOhiiris; and she recoramen ed putting tbecase into thehands of 'Mr Wttde. Papa decided to do so. " Do yon mean Mr Sylvester Wade, Miss Humber?" " Yes, that is the name. ! -saw it -on the top of the telegram. He wired first to say he exfiild couite,' having tQ%o* to the north on urgent dnty. Then, afteEParde, iie came. Heiiad put aside the other matter to please papa-Sto earn a^ood! fee, I T «uppose tliat means. ILnd ittfrattepired that ttie bflsinws he was on Was yburs. *When ttc ' found Wiat dnt; we did not quite like it; and papa seat to ybn, thiriHne~yt»n ought; at least," io hear^hkt'Mr wide 3rfd' discoveiiad in reference to this Levi, Colborne, and then, if yon wteh Hhe trfff^r "T*«Sed'On, papa will insist on Mr Wade's fulfilling yonr orders." The girl paused, but £ was wandering in a maze of cdpjeebfis, aud*wksin no haste to respond. ttnrious to "have the' mystery cleared up, and relieve our peoplersttf' awkward bospicions, is bccaase my jewels were broaght'here last night," Christie went on. " Yon remember T. told yoa that my own mother s jewels were to stay in a bank until I was twenty-one, and then were to be given me. A confidential agent came down with them. They are magnificent—much too fine for modest, insignificant me/ A happy excitement dominated Christie's manner, and her bright ingenuous ness perilously swayed my own feelings, "Ifo. no," £ said, in protest against her self-depreciation. 'But a change on Christie's countenance stopped me from goin? farther. We were still standing in the hall, and-at-that moment Mr Hamber appealed. CHAPTER II. AS AWKWARD SITTJATtOX The master of Cadmorc Manor came from the library. Bis greeting was frigid, and acted like a donche of cold water. I mentioned that it bad so happened by a small coincidence that £ haul been occupied on the other side of Henttmry daring die greater part of the day. That £ had re turn el to town, got his wire, and once more made for my old home district. £t lias come about at an inconvenient time," he said, etiffly. " I am sorry, but I fear yoa wOl haceto pnt np for the night at the * Bed Lion' in Ca Imorc village. We are disabled just now, and cannot offer yon hospitality. The workmen are in one wing of the boose. We have also enlarged the establishment. Mrs Hamber has now a lady's companion Wade, too, will be staying on the ground, £ take it." '* Say nothing about it, Mr Hamber, [ answered. " A comfortable old English inn is good enough for me, and that is the character I have a'ways heard given to the 'lied Lion' at Cadmoro. •'Yes. You will be all right Deakin will be proud of a visitor from t< e Manor, particularly one bearing your name, presume that my daughter has told yon. Mr Cortis, how it is that Wade is here?" "Of course £ have, papa," Christie pnt in. "It is a bewildering affair,* I said. My words bad a deeper meaning than my hearers ooiild -guess, for had I not seen the detective off for Liverpool? If he really went by the express he cculJ not possibly alter his coarse antil Bagby was reached. No energy and no artifice could then have planted htm at Cadmorc Manor within the time. I was at a loss to know what to make of it. The only surmise that seemed to offer a solution of the conundrum was that Wade changed his mind even as lie and 1 talked; but, with a secrecy natural in the circumstances, did not say as mncii. I could not po itivclf depose th it he had taken his place in the train. Hewever, as-we appeared to be both nnder one roof, as, indeed, 1 had been brought here tp see him, it was likely I should.soon have the troth. " £ hate mystcru^," growled Gerald Hnmher ; ".and .I W31 shrink from no -- trouble that will reveal. jihe Jtbe jognc xognc x who -Witt ^hristieV ring iRTaieigiws me io tmdflHrttod that he has already a promising rfne.* * li Syl««tcr Wade cannot help yon. l!fear the clianoes of recovery are emall," ^ wgi-tdl liimthat you are here.' BntitfenlQ^ master of (he house re- MA^JGba^ PO^ me. together with Mis Humber and Miss Kcsworth.inthe hadapprcdaWy ilmratascowlas ]hristie.£t She had onthfe ISnt, poting ^»lween iii, «nd peAapsk netnnied wfter dbaence to mt»i. he was aiigry ^ Well, the plan doesn't work," he said. "Wade is touchy at the interferenoe. I might have guessed thai is how it would be. He will not niix np engagements" "But lie has done so," I interjected. The frown remained, but no attention was paid to my remark. *' He has insisted all along on crtreme Caution and privacy regarding lUe ohijoct of his visit, and he considers that we are pndaag-eriiig everything. There is something in that. Of coarse the servants •have no idea that * detective -is in'the boose. They do cot b now the real name. Wa e is passing as a Mr Uimble." £ started. A queer icminiscence had come to me. But a moment's thought seemed to show that any theory founded on this mast be absurdly far-fetched, and I did not really entertain the idea. Bat lie his a dnty to Mr Curtis." paid Christie, with a -brave" front -and Kindling eyes. I tnnst leave Wade to fight Itis battles when Air Curtis lakes him to tafck All that JL iiave jo do unler 3resent conditions is to report Wade's •iews and proposals. He, wfil |iave nothing to say to Mr Gurtis ihoos. . Bnt £f *Mr Curtis remains at the ' Bed Lion' till -three to-morrow afiemooii; bis will meet him there." My pride was in arms, it was cavalier treatment, marked, as £ considered, by the coolest effrontery imaginable. This was the wont of !taen<who kaew that they had ino real rivals ' in their profession or calling. They could •be-as -high and mighty as princclings. Bat, at least, it agreed with the hypothesis thai. 'Wide had tricked tne oiHbhe Willesdes platform. The feeling that he was in the wrong, and Jiad^one avnean thing ahd was trapped, would ilftad to an njienly insplent line of act)on. 'There * is a defiance ihat serves for defence. It went-against the gtmn to snbmit, but where was my choice ? " " Please to inform Mr Wade that £ mil make it ray. business to : keep 4hat apppintment," I said, bitterly. It iff a shame ! criii' Christie. The clatter of a gong broke in op- •portnDeJytnj a Straincd situation. You will dine with us, 3!r Curtis ?" isaid Mrs Jinmber. BShc was a kindly, harmless woman, whom rumoar said her <h^jband ballied. ^ t hesitated. "B:it Gerald Flumber had.to tona^down wiiat was disagreeable to his sense of courtesy in tbe precautions he had taken to ensure my leaving the Manor that night, lie wonld hear of no refusal. When we sat down £ missed the detective, bnt, as domestiqs were present, nothing was saii. I sat opposite Christie and by the side of Miss Kesworth. To this new comcr in the Manor household I had paid sl(gli£*bBed since the introduction. In the drawing room-she had die.faculty of effacing herself. Bnt, now before I was aware of it, I was drawn out, and had spoken of my father's misfortunes, and of oar hope and fall expectation that We-should yet wind -the meshes of the law about His feet of Leri Colborne. It was only when the queries were taking me into the domain of onr painfully acquired and iooomplete knowledge of Coib me s subsequent movements that I awoke to the unwisdom of what I was saying. I had replied in nearly an automatic manner, my real interest as much concerned with Christie and Christie's looks and Christie's very occasional words. Sylvester Wade would certa n'.y have laid an embargo ox my tongue. Yet what could it matter if I had half disclosed tbe hand wc held at this friendly table. A woman is a gossip and carions by privilege of sex, and it was quite natural that Miss Kseworth should be Interested in what had been a more than nine days' scandal of onr countryside. My right-hand companion had a dulcet voice which expressed a soothing pity for me, and, harden ng a little, waxed indignant with Colborne. A bad man ! And Mr Wade ought; to be looking for him now instead of: wasting time over my ring. £ wish papa had never bought it for me," said Christie. And far that sympathy, what risks of premature disclosure wonid I not have run I 1 Levi Colborne must evidently be a thorough rogue and a clever one," observe 1 Miss Kesworth. She rose in obedience to Mrs number's signal, and the dinner was at an end. I should have found it unntteraltlv formal and prcsy but for my fair girl's presence. Gerald Hnmber liad already /been called away, or perhaps Christie would not have uttered her thought so freely.; £ now took farewel 1 , saying that 'I wonld meet Mr: Humber, at auy late, before leaving the" neighborhood on the morrow. But Christie refused to see her molher-'n-law's puckered eyebrows and tiny siiake jof ihe head. She ^Up>edout«ith meinto the <'ld-fashioned scented gard«m. - It was to lie only ja step, for auld > lang syne. Bnt; young hearts direct the Ieot to other paths than those of pnidcnce, and somehow the memory of old wclks 'together was with us—walks that had meant so mnch though so .littje was, said—and we of llie^^iuse that was most in gloom and tJiR hwarin. nop^BkSa.^i' cam©.. lEwn lo made true. Tim {act can^-lw ^ucdnetly told tfhort episode : iif«^at4ts zenith: Christie'won. We,had iorgotten fiylvester W*de tad l>ri Colborne, and, I greaUr fear, faerald Jlpmber also. But eaodenly Christie said— flash, Cyril I What does this meaof CBAPrEft IH. We were t£tanding In . titt ? thidt El&dowB; of a laurel twsh, »ot<ipbove a koue f 8 throw froim th?; librae 3iW»dow. m room, and practically negatived the fancy. My doubt of the woman's purpose did not last long. £ touched Christie's shoulder to b d her still watch closely. Miss Kesworth's form showed up distinctly in the faint moonbeams. She was fixing a rope ladder. It took perhaps two uiinutes, and then she flitted bade as noiselessly. But as she gained the great path £ saw a white handkerchief wave. "A signal!" I whispered in Christie's r It was certain that some stran ze crisis was impending, and everything indicated crime. Was Miss Kesworth, then, the robber! Where is Wade?" £ asked, under my breath. Gone into the village to make inquiries. So papa said." " He should be here." ; £ had hardly spoken when a sound,' like the grating of a foot on gravely caught my ears. Steps -were approaching. We cowered further into the protecting obscurity, and were silent again. A man went by between the parterres, and I had a full view. He turned for a second, and stood to listen, and I felt Christie shake from excess of excitement, and, like her, I thought our hiding-place was discovered. Bat he went on : Sylvester Wade and not Sylvester Wade. £t was the same style of pilot jacket that £ knew Wade oftenest affected, and the low grey hat, capable of taking many shapes, and of suggestin j many characters. He was of Wade's height aud build, and, so far as I could surmise under difficulties, was like him in face and feature. But I was wholly persuaded that this man was not Sylves- Wade. What, then, conld be afoot but villainy of the most reckless type? £ grew queerly rigid, and my hands clenched. Tue detective had once laughed in his cheery fashion, as with the confidence of a man who was sure to swing the odds of a troublesome case over to his side, and had said to me— • " Here's a photograph here—tapping his breast pocket—"the odd thing is it shows a fellow who might pass foe my doable." j " Look !" said Christie, gently, j With cat- like alacrity the pseudo- Wade was swarming up the rope ladder. We heard the dick of a casement, and n« more was to be seen. t " That is my dressing-room. The jewels are there." ' Ah!" Dolt that £ was not to understand before. "Take a safe circuit and find yoar father, or at any rate, the butler, and give the alarm," I si«id. " Above everything do not let Miss Kesworth know that anything is found out." " And what will you do ?" " Fetch the police. And first spoil the fellow's descent." I saw how this was possible. I had a stout jack knife. Witb as grim steakli as even Sylvester Wade could have pactised, I foil wed the clever scoundrel, who nnw, no doubt, was busy with the casket to which .Miss Kesworth had ditected him. A yard or so from the window I cat away one side of tbe ladder and hung by the otter. Then my tool frayed through the other above my heid antil there was the chance of an ngly drop, and I did not venture to continue. £ slipped to earth again; a sharp doable-handed tug, and the remaining strands, weakened by my weight, broke ; and the thing was done. And inckily the rogue above did not seem 1 to h-ave heard. He suspected no danger at the moment, or from that quarter. Fortunately Cadmorc village was close, and I had soon routed oat the local sergeant of police an 1 his man. Two officers sufficed - for the parish. They stared at my tale, bat fell in with my directions, and the three of us made a quick march to the "Manor. Bat, as £ might perhapshave expected from a schemer of sach'dashing audacity and brilliant resource; onr checkmatc appeared to be only a partial success. Miss 'Keswoftli had$«u on cl ecgnard, and Christie^ ksfMdindoflrrs. : Her father had been gat out of the way by a feint, and the bnler was too confused to deal properly with the problem. The man's clumsy consternation betrayed to Mrs number's " companion " that an awkward screw was loose. She alarmed the thief, and he walked coolly downstairs with a parcel under liis arm, and out of tbe front door, molested by nobody.; When my party came on the scene the : house was in confusion. The jewels were gone Miss -Kesworth had almost escaped too; bat before I knew how things stood in the house. £ bad suggested to Seigeant Pinter tlat the constable should watch under the remnant q{ the rope ladder. Coles had a sharp ear. He detected sounds of surreptitious retreat from the folding doors of the drawing room. Dashing acroBS the lawn he intercepted and ncld fast the fugitive. Ani MUs Kesworth alternately menaced .and cajoled him in vain. " Noa, noa," said honest Coles, who was «tte<>f our.siardy tJtnd-Btoiid uien of k a the'Mei r«%ot ec and I- ktcf>s>ee, o leastwaystill ^ergrant says oe ;tunn go," 'And he heeded not the ladj's 'flights of eloquence. Jseveriheless, it Was *a-dbfeat. The capture of the mobsmanVaecomjplice wonld not restore ' the missing : jewels. The "plant" had boen too well •contrived, and Christie was the Batterer Bat my-dear-girl did not weep and wail as a fine dame might tare doae. She thrilled me with a touch and a iwhieper— " Uy dower has disappeared; perhaps papa toill not be so bard'to persuade now," she said. TiQtopen tferlt ade patent tictitious in «|$ed word. Bnt it was: she "was gfeatly cait down When Gerald Hamber came in and heatd the story there was a Becond scene. He tawed'*t the stnpkl complaisance with which In < lied fcarirad tagnes ahd'atn^bsfois on the strength of their town vepreMatations. >1 eawa Kfesftsrilb Jthiif She * 1 T t t> raising the hae and cry for the male swindler, the door of the library opened. Sylvester Wade stool on the threshold. I think there was general stupefaction in the room. • "What's this?" he said ; and £ recognised the voice I had listened to at Willesden. •« Oh. I see ; there were two of them. You've taken one and I've caaght the other. A queer business altogether. It looked fishy for me at oac time. £t isn't very hopefal now, I should say, for Mr Levi Colborne ; and he is his own victim." I never saw a whiter face, a wilder look of alarm, than the wretched woman in our midst presented. Pinter thought she was abont to swoon, and called for water. Bat she waved it from faff imperiously. • Levi Colborne! " I echoed ; " was it Levi Colborne ? " And, again, £ recallei the fact that Gimble, the name taken by the sham Sylvester Wade, was an old alias of tbe man we had sought so many months in vain. " Yes; ani it was an uncommon sharp ran between his wit and mine,' said the detective. " I told yoa that it was in an odd form the news came which took me to Liverpool, Mr Curtis." " You did." £ suspected it then, and inquired farther. I had arranged f jr another wire to meet me by one of my people at Rugby. This purported to disclose the sender as—yourself. Fortunately, I had met yon, and knew at once it was false, and therefore, a trick. £ wondered if it had anything to do with affairs here. £ changed my route, came back, and on to Hentbury as rapidly as £ could. The first man £ saw at Hentbury station was the ftllow I was scour- ing England for; ani made up to match me too. He wanted to take train for Lonion. Didn't he gasp when I gripped him ? There were two of us, for I brought mj man on in case £ wanted a help. So it was a good and safe take, and Colborne's under safe guard in the lock-up at Hentbury at this moment. My chum's with him, and he won't easily break prison.'' There is not much more to te'.l. The scheme had been founded on a curreit knowledge amongst Gerald Hnmber's acquaintances of the great value of Christie's jewels, and of the date when she was to receive them. This had reached the cars «f Colborne, a thoroughly uascrupuloos adventurer. An advertisement shortly before for a lady's companion opened the waj, and Colborne's wife established herself at Cad mo re Manor by the aid of forged testimonials as Miss Kesworth. The gaastcrtnind of tbe conspiracy knew he was wasted by Wade for a very differeit set of offences, and knew that he resembled the detective. He conceived tie idea of playing an exceedingly bold fame by bluffing Wade, sending hint on a wild-goose chase, and helping himself in die interim to his identity. By thesi means, and his wife's theft of the ring, he was officially invited to the house he intended to rifle. The plan broke down,as £ sa : d at the outset by reason of the ;.tsnal introduction of myself amongst (be set of actors. The penalty of failure was a long term of imprisonment f«tr both the Colbornes. Christie's jewjtls were recovered from the person of thethief, md a considerable part of my own [property was also, ia the sequel, reclaimec. But the happy thin, was that, whet. I bought my City partnership, Gckld Ilutiibcr's congratulations took tbq shape of a free consent that Christie should be my wife. £ take it that to any ytung man such a promise means power atjthe springs of enterprise. 