Fun and .Fancy. A serious ease-A doctor without one. Of what ought a kite to be made?-Of f1n ;paper. What kind of ships are most like scissoors -Cutters. Aesongheard near,ahive: ",Bce it ever so humble, there's no place like comb." When a man drinks like a ,fish.it.doesn't follow that ho is.in the swim. The potato is said to be deteriorating, but ,it made manya mash in its better days. Visitor: " Do you love the piano 2" Lady: ",No; I prefer deathhby electeicity." " Oh, you have the paper; pleasellook and see if anyone we know- has been born." Science and art have .advancedesofast that a much larger diamond can now he tbought for a dollaer and a half than for $150. Sniggls: " Well, my motto is, 'Live :and lot live.' " Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." " What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: " Two mothers-in-law." Young man: " Will you giveo aent to my marriage with your daughter, sir?" Old man (firmly): "No, sir, not a cent." The Misogynist: "Yes, sir, it is woman's mission in life to make fools of men." The l'hilosopher: " What a sinocure she enjoys, bless her." Wife: " Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering in his mind I" Doctor (who knows Benjamin): "Don't trouble about that, he can't go far."j A crotchettyLondon journal asks "if it is the pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers ?" No! It's the girls' greenbacks. Mistress: "Did you put the coal on the stove, Bridget?" New importation: "I did, mum, but it will be some time before it gits hot, for the fire's out." Mistress : " Norah, you must always sweep behind the doors." New Servant: " Yes'm, I always does. It's the asiest way of getting the durrit out of sight." Ile presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jocular way said: " Do not lot any one else ronumplo it, darling." " No, dear, I will take it off." Robinson: "How about that note I hold of yours, Brown? I've hlad it so long that wlhiskcrs are beginning to grow on it." Brown: "Why don't you get it shaved thllen 2" A little girl, who was entertaining guests, was advised as to their amusements. Drawv ing herself up, she replied, superbly: "My dear, I have played with children all my life I" Julia (aged six): "We've got a new baby at our housc." Clara (aged six) : " What is it-a boy or a girl " Julia: "Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." "What a bold thing that Miss Phlurt is I" "I should say so l Why, she actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach to day just as I had got him to notice me." Judge (to police officer): "Are you sure, sir, thlat the prisoner was drunk ?" Oflicer: "Is it drunk, yer Honor? Shure, if he had shpoke through tlhe tilliplhone the breath uv him wisd have made the poles shtagger." Wibblo: " I wonder why ministers always wear longtailed coats " Waobble: "If you were a country parson with £150 a year salary and a large Ifamily, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that." Bridget: " Shall I lave the hall lamp bhrnin', Ima'am ?" Mistress: " No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home until daylight. He kissedme three times before he left, and gave me £2 for a new winter bonnet." It is said that mice are just as much afraid of womIen as women are of mice; but as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are restrained from communicating thle intelligence to the people. A man passing though a gateway in the dark ran against a post. "I wish that post was in thle lower regions," was his angry re mark. "Better wish it somewhere elso," said a bystander, "you might run against it again." Poet's son: "Father, what does 'handi copped' nmean ?" P'oet: " It mneans-abom I -in wlhat connection did you hear it used, my son?" Poet's Son: "In connection with you. Mr. Blrownson said you'd never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were Ihandicappedl by nature." Maiden aunt: "You display a great deal of agility at tennis, my dear. If I had talken such exorcise whlen I was young, I should be a happier woman now." Athletic Neice: "You flatter me, aunt, but I suppose you are right; I had two proposals on the grounds yesterday and one to-day." AN INSTELrrL.ueNT JUvsIANi.-" IarVO yOU readl anything about this casoin the papers ?" asked a lawyer of a juror in an exciting ori minal case. "No. sir, not a word." "Not a word, and the papers have been full of it I" " No sir, I don't readl papers, nor any thing else, for I can't read at all." The juror was sworn. First Doctor: " You have been spreading the report that Ihave poisoned several people in this town. I want you to apologise." Second Doctor: " Certainly. I don't hesi tate to say that there are several people in tlhis town whom you Ihave not yet poisoned. Hope you are satisfited now." Affable Clerk: "Can I be mistaken? Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?" His Customer: "Why, yes, I am Mrs. Crozier, and I remember your face, but I thought you told moe you were engaged in religious pursuits ?" Affable clerk: "This is the nutn's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): "I want a new novel-one of the latest out-but I have forgotten its title." "Here's a 'Mid night Marriage '-just published, and it is having a large sale." "Was it written by a woman ?" "Yes'm." "I Have the news. papers denounced it as not fit for a young ludy to read ?" "Yes'm." "Then it is just the one I want." Einstein (to his partner): "Isaacs, yeou vas oud late lasd nighd, I eace. Dot must stop, Ieqace ; no.more drinkin' dis mont'. You hear me, Iesaces " Isaass: "I don'd drink ipeesiness hours." Einstein: "Dot make no differ. You drink ad nighd, and effery morning your hands tremble so you gant show a customer any of dose sheap pants mitoud shakin' do buttons off." A pianist recently spent the evening at the house of a lady. The company was agreo. able, and he stayed somewhat late. As he rose to take his departure, the lady said, "Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want you to play something for me." " Oh, you most excuss ma to-night, it is very late, and I should disturb the neighbors." "Never mind the neighbors," answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned our dog yestcr day I" Miss Arabella Licyile: " I do not mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend. I could be happy in your wealth of affection, and soase vmie-sld eotel-" Mr. Werdog: "Pardon me, dear, you know I am only a poor clerk, and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished rooei, with a sswing machine buozing overhead, and some fiend below cooking cabbage 2" Miss Arabella: " M1Ybe, George, dear, we'd better wait after all." Wife (11.80 p.m.y: "What's that horrible oor me hslkealcohol." Huoband: " Yes, my dear, we use alcohol at the lodge for initiations. Take somse alohol, light it, fiut somo salt in the flame, and it gives a ghastly yellow light-nakes folks look like ghosts, you know." "Wife: "But that odour comes from your brealh." Husband: " Yes, my dear-in the thirty-seventh degree I personate the shief demon with the flames coming from his mouth. I take a moutlhful of alcohol and a swallow of salt, and then eetfire to it. But, m'dear, you mustn't tell ihese things. Secret a'city. Secrets very SnOred, you know." 