THE STORYTELLER „ Wolfenberg. By Wiliiah Black. Author of 'Sunrise,' ' The Strange Adventures of a Phaeton,' ' Green Pastures,' and ' Piccadilly,' and other popular novels. Chapter XIII — ' GOD SATE THE CZAR ! ' Suddenly the silence of the dawn is broken by a shriek — a shriek so shrill and piercing, so terrible in its import, that we can associate it with but one tragic deed. Surely, the Major has borrowed a sabre from one of the sentries, and slashed off Phaon's head ? But when one hur riedly — and discreetly — peeps forth, it is another warrior who is seen to be disappearing round a corner — a military gentleman in a green uniform, with a broad, flat, white can : while over there, at. the door of her cabin, stands Sappho in a hastily donned dressing-gown, her hair untidy, her cheeks aflame. ' Who is that man ! ' she exclaims, in tones of vibrant indignation. ' I want to know which of them it is : I will appeal to the Captain : it is monstrous that Englishwomen should be insulted by these savages ? ' But, behold ! even as she speaks, her enemy re turns ; and he is accompanied by other two of his kind — all bronzed, bearded, serious-eyed, silent, and observant. At the sight of this overwhelming force, Sappho hesitates for a second : probably, thinks it useless to put her wrongs in' o words ; then, with a withering look of scorn directed upon M;an while the artiBt was good-humouredly trying to convey some confidence to his sitter. Guessing at the origin ot her embarrassment, he was pretending that this was not a portrait at all. all the three culprits, she retires into her room, slamming the door after her. Hers is not a solitary experience. For the fact is, that the whole blessed ship is simply swarming with Russian officials on this bewildering morn ing : officers and soldiers in every sort and colour of uniform, prying, searching, secretly confabu lating, poring over lengthened documents, or standing 6entrywise and solemn,' with a dull' and hopeless stare ; while, as the ladies appear at breakfast, one after another has the same angry tale to tell of a bearded and white-capped bead having been thrust into her cabin while she wa6 dressing, or even before. And as the morning passes, matters do not m--nd one whit. Those grave persons in uniform, 6ome with spectacles and some without, seem unwilling to do anything. They may be too polite to say so, but it is easy to guess that they would be very much pleased to see us weigh anchor and get clear out of the place. We are strangers, and, therefore, to be dreaded. Indeed, it is odd to think that the disposition to wards a mysterious secrecy, and the suspicion and distrust of visitors, which Laurence Oliphant de scribed years and years ago — before the Crimean campaign, in fact — as pervading the officialism of Sebastopol should still prevail 'there. More than that, as the time goes by, rumours reach us that our mere presence in the harbour is provoking some ill-feeling ashore among gentle and simple alike. ?' And what could be more natural?' demands Amelie Dumaresq, who has blossomed out into a full-blown Russomaniac. ' I can quite under stand how they should be resentful. What have we come for but to look at battlefields f' ' There are one or two of us who have come to visit the Fnglinh graves,' says Mrs. Threepenny bit, in her gentle fashion. 'There can be no objection to that, surely.' But the young lady is not to be persuaded out of her partisanship. ' Even if that is so, how are those people ashore to understand? They must consider us merely a crowd of English come to gloat and triumph. It is not ai all surprising that they should be indignant. And it seems to me the Russian officials have treated us with the greatest consideration ? ' ' ' In keeping us prisoners ?' Wolfenberg inter poses, laughing. ' No, but in excusing us the muster on deck,' she 6ays. 'This is one of their chief naval stations, and of course they are afraid of infec tion being brought in by strange ships. I should not at all wonder if they imposed a fortnight's quarantine on ue ? ' ' Oh, good gracious !' exclaims Mrs. Three penny-bit, with alarmed eyes. ' I'm for running away as fast as ever we can go ! ' ' And supposing you have caught a Tartar, who won't let you?' one asks of her— and a kind of awful gloom settles down on the group. Meanwhile, if we were condemned to an enforced idleness, the scene around us, outside the Orotania, was busy enough. A constant activity prevailed in the spacious harbour; pon derous men-of-war and agile torpedo-boats were steaming hither and thither— the officers scanning: us curiously as they went by ; while ever and anon a whip's cutter, with reefed Fails— for there was a stiffish breeze blowing — would sla-h along under our stern, the suu-tanned, e'ear-eyrd occupants gazing up to sse what they could see of the English captives. But our durance was not to last for ever. In spite of all delays and obstacles and hesitations, our indefatigable Purser still per sisted ; and eventually, as the day Vore on, he triumphed. What means he employed to smooth away opposition can only be conjectured ; but a casual observer might have noted that a good many of those Russian officials were conducted into the saloon, while the steward in attendance was kept coming and going. 'Whether any more substantial form of persuasion was resorted, to it is useless to inquire ; all ended in amity ; the announcement was bruited abroad that we were free to land when we chose ; and not only that, but a far more astounding piece of intelli gence made its way through the. ship — we were to give a ball on the very next evening, to -which the Russian officers and their wives were to be in vited ! Here indeed was a triumph of. patience and good- nature. All of a sudden we -had become friends. There wtre no more angry protests against cabin-doors being opened by too inquisi tive officials. The only question that now re mained was. whelhrr we had any chempagne sweet enough to offtr our guests when, on the following night, they went dowii into the saloon for supper. And instantly the torpor that had so long pre vailed on board the Orotania was changed into an alert despatch ; parties being hastily formed ; the women rushing off to get ready ; the steam-launch being brought round ; one of the ship's boats hoisting sail for a water excursion to Inkerman Bay and the mouth of the Tchernaia. Amid all this bustle and confusion, Paul Hitrovo remained indifferent : and when Amelie Dumaresq and her mother appeared, it turned out that he hardly thought it worth while to go ashore. 'What is there to see in Sebastopol?' he said, with a careless smile. ' There is Russia to see ! ' ' the young lady said, with indignant eyes. 'Not go ashore? But I insist. It is your native country — you must be there to receive us ? ' 'Oh, if I can be of any service,' said he, with great politeness, 'then it is different.' And therewith he took the two ladies' sunshades from them, that they might get down the accommoda tion-ladder unimpeded. And Wolfenberg ? Well, he lingered behind a little, hesitatingly, looking after them. To be 6ure, he might have gone with them : there was plenty of room in the steam- launch waiting below. And if they did not specially and pointedly ask him, was any invitation necessary ? But just at this moment Mrs. Threepenny-bit came adroitly for ward : her quick eye had noticed his uncertainty — perhaps, also, something else in his look. ' Mr. Wolfenberg,' said the little woman, in her kindest and most insinuating fashion, ' don't you think it is too late in the day to do anything ? The ship will be so pleasant and still when all those people have gone.' He turned to her with obvious gratitude ; this offer of companionship was friendly and sympa thetic. He said that a quiet afternoon on the deck of the empty ship would please him better than anything. But might it not be put to soine use, too ? Over there was Miss Emily Rosslyn, stand ing- talking ? to the third officer : could she not be induced to remain on board, and he would fetch up materials and begin the sketch that young Verriuder had set his heart on ? Now nothing could have given our Arch -schemer greater de light than to be entrusted with this mediation — a j mediation in favour of two faithful lovers ! — and so it came about, in a very short space of time, that while Lady Cameron, and the Major, and Sappho, and the pug (with its head not yet shorn ! off) had all set off for Inkerman Bay, the Baby — the solemn- eyed Baby — timid, fearful, and con scious of the desperate perils environing her — was here with us on the quarter-deck ; and young Julian Yerrinder, linder some pretence or another, had also stayed behind. It was a pretty spectacle that those two young folks offered ; and was, perhaps, as interesting to some of us as the Ruins of Inkerman or the streets of Sebastopol. For while Miss Emily seemed embarrassed and a little bit frightened — being, no doubt, well aware that, if the ultimate destination of this picture were to become known, her dread ful secret would at once be suspected — Julian Yerrinder, quite careless as to that, could not con ceal his joy that the priceless sketch had at last been begun. He waited humbly and assiduouslv i on Wolfenberg, lest the easel shr.uld want shift- j ing, or some little service of that kind be required ; and he was most solicitous that not a sound should distract the artist's attention. ' For goodness' eake, quartermaster, don't make such a noise with those chairs ! Can't you leave them where they are ?' * j Then one of the younger officers, finding him- j self in idleness, opened the deck-piano, arid began to play ' Home, Sweet Home.' It is a plaintive air ; but it loses some of its effect when performed slowly and hesitatingly with one finger. Vtr rinder went to him ? ' I say, Kingston, I wish you'd stop. You don't mind, do you? The fact is, Mr.Wolfenfcrrn i6 engaged in a rather important piece of work.'' And then he returned to the neighbourhood of the easel, where those beloved outlines were gradually being transferred. Meanwhile the artist wa6 good- humouredly trying to convey some confidence to his sitter. Guessing at the origin of her embarrassment, he was pretending that this was not a portrait at all. ' It is very kind of you to become my model,' said he, ' though I don't know whether there maybe any result. I must wait for some sug gestion. Perhaps a head of Bellona would be the most appropriate among all these forts and guns.' But this proposal entirely alarmed the younger man. It was a portrait he wanted — and he was willing to pay £300 for the same. What to him was Bellona, or any other goddess, save this present and all-incomparable one ? 'Bellona?' said he, anxiously. 'But — but — a likeness? — an absolute likeness at the same time ? Oh, yes, any imaginative subject you like, Mr. Wolfenberg — only an actual likeness, that any one could recognise ? The fact is, I want to have it photographed — and — and enlarged copies made : there are several people in England to whom I should like to give one. And do you think Bellona is a good idea ? Of course, if you see it that way, it is sure to be splendid — but — but I should have thought something more gentle — something more gentle and -winning — would be more characteristic. Of course you could make Miss Rosslyn look very noble and fine — of course vou could do that — but I should almost prefer a likeness that I could show to a stranger ? ' 'Iara not a portrait painter,' Wolfenberg said, I pleasantV. ' I'm only a kind of experimentalist, and I must wait to see what Miss Rosslyn herself may grow into. In the meantime I nnist ask you not to make personal remarks about my model, for that brings unnecessary colour into her face.' ' Oh, I beg your pardon ! I beg your pardon ! ' said he, abjectly : and he withdrew a foot or two. so that the precious work should not be interfered with. It was a tranquil afternoon. For while we did' not seek to know how the portrait was progressing (and it would have been impertinent to look), it was enough for us to sit under this awning and listen to Wolfenberg's curiously interesting talk — talk that consisted of disjointed sentences, with no kind of effort or display about it, but that, never theless, was singularly attractive through the transparent sincerity of the speaker. These random i observations about what he had seen in the world were so obviously honest : sometimes, too, they had a certain quaint ness and originality ; certainly they were unpremeditated, suggested by anvthing of the moment. A gull chanced to fly past. Didn't it seem a simple thing that an animal should sustain itself in the air, and choose its wav of flight ? Yet, who could have imagined such a thing beforehand? Wasn't Mother Nature au extraordinary inventress, constructing creatures to live in the most impossible conditions ? If the human intellect had been asked to devise animals that could exist under the ground, or in the sea, or suspended over our heads, wouldn't the answer ' have been a smile at such an absurdity? And so ^jrtf forth. His talking was merely an accompaniment m_ to his work ; but it was sufficient for his com- m panions. And he spoke cheerfully! too. Had he ft forgotten those who had gone away ashore ? At II all event*, if Mrs. Threepenny-bit had offered li (Continued on page~\Q.J IS him her society out of -some occult compassion, he seemed to be sensible of her kindness. Ship acquaintanceships are mostly superficial ; but in . this case there 'was something more ; and she, on her part, made no secret of the great liking and esteem and sympathy she had for this man. ff only she could have seen forward through the next few months. .'-??' With the approach of dusk the wanderers re turned ; and so quickly thereafter came the night that the usual before-dinner tramp on deck took E lace in moonlight — the women, in their summer - ued costumes, passing tip and down like myste rious ghosts under the shadow of the awning. But a stranger spectacle than that was unex pectedly revealed to us. We had been looking across the dark water to the still darker town, where, on a height, there was a domed church that was almost black against the violet- blue of the moonljt skies, when all of a sudden that sombie building sprang into a silvery whiteness, and shone spectral there above the surrounding gloom. It was a marvellous sort of thing-, this strangely brilliant dome hung high up in the heavens : bnt, of course, we soon divined the origin of this phantasmal illumination — the search-light of the Admiral's ship had struck that lofty church. And then again, and quite as suddenly, the dome was black ; ? while the loner shaft of radiance ran out in another direction, lighting up with startling dis tinctness fhe hull and rigging of a large steamer. I No doubt it was all quite serious— probably part ' of thp drill that seemed to be continually going ! on ; though, perhaps, it looked a little like playing practical jokes. In any case, we were now sum moned down to dinner. And here again the search-light played its part, , and that in an almost miraculous manner. For we : had hardly got into our places when it became | clear that Amelie Dumaresq had returned from | her little trip ashore in a perfect madness of ; enthufiiasnT about Russia and everything Russian ; ? and .as she was a very assertive and impetuous young person, and would insist on all of us agree ing with her, it was perhaps just as well to ' jouk arid let the jaw go by.' How she. could have ? learned anything about ^Russia by looking into a few Sebastopol shop- windows was not easily dis coverable ; and indeed was not of much conse quence ; it was the length to which she carried her prepossessions and opinions that appalled us. 'For my part,' she said, with rather a proud air, ' I admire a country that has got a distinct nationality, and a definite place in 'niBtory, and a definite aim before it — a country of a unanimous people, with a single and all-powerful head, whom they are ready and willing to obey withont a question. That iB a country that obtains respect ; it maybe unfortunate or mistaken, but it has done its best ; you cannot but admire its singleness of purpose, its patriotism, its community of senti ment. Why, they talk about our freedom at home — j?ut what does it amount to ?' (And it was here ! that blank dismay began to fall upon us.) ' The \ United States are not a country at all ; they are not a nation ; they are only a collection of big I parishes, all hating each other, and jealous of j each other, and having separate interests. It was ; the North and South, last time,' that were at each ; other's throats ; next time it will be the West and ' East. As I say, we are not a nation at all ; we ; have no national interests, no national purpose, no i national speech — for the Germans, and Italians, 1 and Irish won't let us have such a thing ; and all : that we can do is to sit on our parochial fences and . spite each other at a game of brag, That is not ' to belong to a country ? ' , Here she -stopped. For of a sudden there was a \ most unearthly glare ; and instantly all eyes were , turned to the starboard ports, which, hitherto black, were now gleaming with a strange phosphorescent ; blue. The next moment those round holes were I black again : the Admiral's search-light had been | withdrawn. * 'Yes, no wonder you were frightened,' Lady I Cameron said, with a demure smile, to the young | lady opposite her. *« Weren't you expecting the | heavens to open when you were 6aying those dreadful things? It should be a warning to you. I am not a very enthusiastic American myself, since the Wjest Highlands became, my second home ; but really, Miss Dumaresq, to compare | the United States with a semi-barbarous country i like Russia ? ' — 'No, I will not have a word said against the : Russians,' interposes- the domineering small woman who is our final arbiter in all matters, \ and who, by good luck, generally makes for peace. ' We are going to receive them as our guests to morrow night, and everything is to be as pleasant as pleasant can be. There is to be universal con sideration. They are not to put in a word of ; objection when we drive to-morrow to Lord Raglan's headquarters, and to the English ceme tery, and to Balaclava ; and in the evening1, when I they come to the ball, we are all to be the best of friends. The little unpleasantnesses of these last two days are to be entirely forgotten.' ' That's all very we', now,' 6ays Peggy ; ' bnt at one time, Missis, things looked rather serious. \ I thought the English gentlemen on board were going to call a meeting and pass a resolution. That would have been serious, wouldn't it ? For ? an Englishman doesn't call a meeting to pass a : resolution unless he's driven to it ; bnt when he ; does ! — - . I've a kind of idea that, if* Adam had : been an 'F-nglinhirmi^ the moment he was turned i , . out of Paradise he would have called a meeting — he would have called a meeting of Eve — and then ? passed a resolution declaring the recent proceed ings to be quite unjustifiable.' ' ^-e8Tgy, do you want to be sent to bed?' says : Mrs. Threepenny-bit, severely. 'No,' she makes answer, with much meekness. ; ' I would rather sit np for the concert, please.' j Now, amateur entertainments on board ships : are pretty much alike ; but on this occasion there were certain exceptional features that more par . ticttlarly appealed to, and unmistakably interested, our small circle. One of these was the still further development of Russomania on the part, of Amelie Dumaresq. She made no concealment about it whatsoever. Did she imagine that the mere neigh- . bonrhood of Russian shores would be a sufficient excuse for her choice of Russian «ongs and music ; , or was she grown blind and reckless in her in ; fatuation? At all events, the poor distressed ' mother, who had but little control over this per j verse daughter of hers, came to us when we had all gone on deck to let the stewards clear the tables inthe«aloon; and there was not a little piteous | j anxiety and even alarm in the sallow-complexioned. b and yet rather attractive face and in the sad and troubled eyes. It seems that she had got one of the written-out programmes ; and here was Miss DumaroBqin open and constant association with M. Paul Hitrovo — almost in defiance, as it were, of what our email public might choose to think. 'What am I to do?'' said the poor woman. ' She is eo wilful. She will not pay heed to any remonstrance from me. I am afraid it would only make her go and do something worse. But look at this — Russian songs — Russian instrumental Jieces — and always with those two together. Jon't you — don't you think it is very indiscreet ? And if I were to say so to her, she is so proud, she. would — oh, I don't know what she wouldn't do ! She would consider it a challenge. She would wear Russian colours at the ball to-morrow night — I am so afraid of what she might do ! But couldn't you interfere ?' And here she turned to Wolfenberg, who happened to be standing with us. ' She always listens to yon. She would take your advice before the advice of any one ; she values your good -©pinion so highly. And -there are still a few minutes ; you might tell her how it will make people talk to see her given over to Russian music, and- playing in those concerted pieces with Hitrovp : .there are not many pro grammes written out — they could be altered even yet ? » \ , 'But why — but: 'why?' said he, gently. ' Don't you think .Amelie has quite good reason for what she has done? She and Hitrovo are far and away the best executants on board this ship : it is but natural they should perform together. And as for a Russian song or two, why, we are in Russia, you know. ; And if she has been a good deal in Hitrovo'e society, isn't that natural, too ? They are both fond of music, both young ; seeing much of each other, day after day : and. these companionships are the commonest feature* of a voyage ? ' 'But the people generally — what will they think ? — what will they say ? They may even consider it indelicate — this open parade!' said she, her trembling apprehension breaking in upon his good-natured assurances. 'I never thought that Amelie would make herself the talk of any ship ? ' ' She will not do so,' said he, with some air of quiet authority. ' What she has done is per fectly within her right. If there were to be any remonstrance, well, she is independent and proud, and then she might dp something unwise. At present no one would be justified in saying a single word against her — not any one.' At this very moment Amelie came quickly along from the companion-way, and put her arm within her mother's arm in the most affectionate fashion. ' Gome along, Mimsey,' said she, drawing her mother towards her. ' Everything is ready ; and you must be there to support me, and secure a good audience for me. I will say to myself ' Courage — courage — courage — Mimsey mutt not be made ashamed.1 ' And therewith all of us filed below and took our seats in the saloon, which we had come to re gard as a very snug and cheerful and comfortable place. One could gather, if expression means anything, that this audience was willing to be pleased. And indeed the various items in the programme were got through most creditably, the instru mental music .being especially good; and if Hitrovo and Amelie Dumaresq led off with Liszt's 'Rhapsodic Hongroise,' and if she sang 'Nur wer die Sehnsucht kennt' to his accompaniment, and if again they played together WieniawBki'e ' Legende,' well, this public association was only what might have been expected from their previous and constant companionship. The mother looked perturbed and distressed ; perhaps the warm applause that followed these performances was some slight consolation. But in this matter of general and hearty approbation, who could have foreseen that it was the shy, Juno-eyed maiden who was to bear away the bell ? The poor Baby ! — she was all trembling when it came to her turn. -- ? ? 'Will you go up to the head of the saloon,' young Verrinder asked of her, in an undertone, ' or stay where you are ?' . 'Where I am,' she answered, almost in audibly; and therewith she rose, for the master of the ceremonies bad announced the recitation. She was terribly nervous ; but there was some thing in this trepidation that seemed to catch the sympathies of her audience. It was in an uncer tain voice that she began Half a league, half a league, Half a league onward, All in the valley of Death Kode the six bundled. — and no doubt it was the wish to give the timor ous young thing every possible help that caused the intensest silence to prevail. As for Julian . Verrinder, who had taken the seat next her, his , anxiety was something dire to look upon. He dared not lift his eyes. He kept twisting his programme into all kinds of knots,., his fingers shaking the while. And meantime the poor Baby, the burning flush in her cheek still visible, was - struggling bravely with her .task, and doing none so ill. She was rather breathless, it is true ; and she had no elocutionary gifts whatsoever ; but she was young, she looked winning in her very shy ness and timidity, and she was certainly among well-wishers. Only once did she falter. She had began the fourth stanza ? ? /-? ?--.-. ? Flash'd all their sabres bare, :;-?*-, when there was a brief and desperate moment of hesitation; and we thought all was lost. But at the very same instant young Verrinder, still with eyes downcast, prompted her with' the next line ; and from thence she got safely on to the end. Nay, was -there -not some - mild little - effort ? at emphasis when Bhe exclaimed, - ' O, the wild chaige they made ! At all events, this simple, school-girlish recitation had entirely won the hearts of the friendly audience ; and when she modestly sat down again, there was enthusiastic applause ; while Peggy, though not ordinarily a very emotional person, could not conceal from us that she was wiping away tears from her, lashes. For the Baby had come to be a kind of pet of this ship ; and there was something that appealed to popular sympathy in. her standing alone and struggling with her evident nervousness ; and we were all of us-immensely relieved and delighted when she got successfully through the ordeal. There was .a very different story to tell when Sappho (after an interval of music} rose to bestow on us another recitation. Small need was there for concern or disquietude on the part of anybody. Miss Penguin left her seat, marched up to the piano, and turned and faced the assemblage. Resolution was in her air, and an attitude of de fiance in the somewhat dumpy figure. She meant to show us that she knew how to deal with us. It is true that a divine poetess should have been dressed in a simpler manner — in a costume of white and flowing robes, or something of that kind ; whereas Sappho's gown was almost gor geous both in design and colour ; but, after all, genius must be allowed its little eccentricities. And we had no time to think about plaits and fur belows when her commanding and scornful voice thundered out the opening lines of ' Old Morgan at Panama ' ? In the hostel-room we were seated in gloom, old Morgan's trustiest crew ; No mirthful sound, no jest went round, as it erst was won't to do. 'Wine we had none, and our girls were gone, for the last of our gold was spent; And some swore an oath, and all were wroth, and stern o'er, the table bent : Till our chief on the hoard hurPd down his Bword, and spake with his stormy shout, ' Hell and the devil! an' this be revel, we had better arm and out . Let us go and pillage old Panama, AVe, the mighty Buccaneers !' This was something ! There was no pretty shyness here ; no mild appealing of maiden eyes ; no young man twisting his programme into nervous knots. We were on firm ground ; Sappho had planted herself four- square, as it were ; she was going to have it out with us. And she did — to the bitter end : though, to be sure, when the aggressive voice at length ceased, there was no such tumultuous acclamation as had greeted the Baby's bashful effort. Nevertheless, she had done her part ; she had given us of her best ; and, when she returned to her Beat, we bore her no ill-will. Such were one or two features of this unevent ful evening that were of more immediate interest to us ; but the most striking incident of all occurred right at the close. Originally, when the pro grammes were drawn out, it had been arranged that the performances should wind up with the singing of ' Auld Lang Syne.' But a patriotic English lady declared that neither she nor her daughters would have anything to do with these proceedings unless they were to terminate, as was fitting in an English ship, with ' God Save the Queen ; ' and as this objection seemed reasonable to the framers of the entertainment, ' God Save the Queen ' was added. Accordingly, at the end of the evening, we all of us, Americans included, stood up, while that rather lugubrious air was being played. And thereafter? Well, naturally there was nothing now save a decorous with drawal. But ther-» is a sort of solemnity about 'God Save the Queen;' people do not hurry away the moment it has been played, any more than they hurry out of church the instant the service is over. And it was during .this brief pause, while all of us were standing, and only one or two had turned to the door, that Amelie Dumaresq, with some thing of a firm and proud expression about her mouth, went quickly along to the piano, and sat down, and struck the keys with the full weight of her hands. There was instant attention. One recognised these powerful chords : here was some thing finer than ' God Save the Queen.' For who can deny that the Russian Anthem is by far and away the most majestic and impressive of all these national airs ? In dead silence she played — played with a massive grandeur of expression worthy of her theme. Nor was that all ; for presently we could hear in the hush of listening that she was singing the hymn. She had not much of a voice, certainly ; but she had courage ; and her resolute intention counted for something. We could make out well enough what she had to say to us : — Lord God, protect the Czar ! Powerful and mighty : May he in glory, in glory reign ! He is our guiding- star, Sovereign in peace and war, Our faith's high Protector, God save the Czar ! There was no laughing bravado this time when she rose and came away from the piano. The natural pallor of her face was increased almost to ghastlinese ; her lips, too, were pale ; her eyes had a strange look in them. And she seemed to hang back a little from mixing with the crowd. But Hitrovo went forward to her, and extended his hand, : ' I thank you,' he said. (To be continued.) 