CHAPTER IV.-COKIINOED. Our last left Rea we moralising-Oil the chances of the old man hoing able to got rid of tlie bottle. After a slight pause ha went on : "At three it will bo quite impossible. The margin is not broad enough ; tho thing :-.begini to smell of scorching brr-r I" said he, and shuddered. '* It is true I bought it mysolf for a cent, when I know not there were smaller coins. I waa a fool for my pains ; there will never be found anotlior ; and whoever has that bottle now will carry it to the pit." "Oh, my husband I" said Kokua, "ia it not a terrible thing to save ourselves by the eternal ruin of another ? lt seems to me I could not laugh ; I would bo hnmbled ; 1 wonld be filled with melan choly j I would pray for tho poor holder." . Then Keawo, because he felt the truth of what she said, grew the more angry. " Heighty-teighty," cried ho, "You maybe .filled with melancholy if you . please. It is not the mind of a good wife. If you thought at all of roe you would sit shamed." Thereupon he went out and Kokua was alone. What chance had she to soil tho bottle at three, centimes ? None sho perceived. And if she had any, here was her hua . hurrying her . away to a country' where nothing-was lower than a cent: And here-on the morrow of her sacrifice here was her husband leaviug her and blaming her 1 ' She would not even try to profit .by what sho had, but she sat- in tho house, and; now had.the bottle out and viewed it with unutterable, fear, and now. with loathing hid it'out of sight.. By and by Koawe came back and would have her take a drive. - "My husband, I am ill," sho said. "I am out of heart. Excuse mo, I can take no pleasure." 'Then waa-Konwe more wroth thnn over with her, because he thought. sho was brooding over tba caso of the old man, and with himself bocuuso ho thought she was right and was ashamed to be BO happy.: " This is your truth," cried he, " and this your ufluotionl Your husband is just saved from eternal ruin, which ho encountered for the love of you-and you can take no pleasure I Kokua, you havo u disloyal heart." He -went forth again furious, and wandered in the town all day. He met friends and drank with thom ; they hired a carriage and drovo into thc country und there drank again. All tho time Keuwo was ill at ease because ho was taking his pastime : while his wifo wus Bad and because ho knew in his heart that she wuB more right than ho, and tho know lodgo made him drink the dooper. Now, there was an old, brutal Hnolo drinking with him-one that had boen a boatswain of a whaler, a runaway, a dig ger in gold mines, a convict in prisoiiB. He had a low mind and a foul mouth ; ho loved to drink and sue othors drunken, and he passed tho glass upon Koawe. Soon there was no moro monoy in the compauy. '.' Hero, you," Bays tho boatswain, "you are rioh, you havo Inion always saying. You havo a bottle . or sorao fooliah noBBi" " Yea," aayB Koawe, " 1 nm rich. I will go back and get some money from my wife', who koopa it." "That's a bad idea, mato," said the boatswain. :." Never you trust a petticoat with dollars. Thoy'ro all as false as water ; you keep an oyo on her." Now, thia word atuck in Kouwe's mind, for ho was muddled with what ho had boon drinking. " I should not wonder but what :she waa falso, indeed," thought ho. "Why else should she bo so caat down at my reloaso ? :But I will show hor* that I ' am not tho man to bo fooled. . I will catch her in the aot. : . ^i-, r ¡ 1 .. Accordingly, when thoy were- back: in town, Keawo bade' the ' boatswain" wait for him at the oorner by tho old cala boose, and went'forward .up "the avonuo along to the door of: his house. Tho night'had come again ; thore was a light' within, but never-a sound ; and Keawo crept about the cornor, opened1 tho back door Boftly and looked in. i There WR3 Kokua on tho floor, the lamp at hor aide ; before her waa a milk white bottle with a round belly and a long neck, and as aho viewed it Kokua wrung her banda. ' A long time Koawe stood and looked in the doorway. ' 'At "firat fco' waa struok stupid and then fear fell- upon -him that the bargain had boon made amiss and the bottle had como back ts him aa it came at San Francisco ; and at this his kneea worn loosened and the fumas of the wino d upar tod from his head likn, mists off a rivor'in tho morning. And thon ho had another thought, and it was a strange ono, that madü his choeka burn. . " I must muko sure of thia," thought ; So ho closed the door and went softly round the corner again, and.:: then came noisily in aa though he had but now', re turned" ' ~ - '. And lol. by the time: ho . oponed ithe front door no bottle was to be aeon, and Kokua Bat in a chair and started''up like ono wakened out of sleep. . - ,.: , . I haye been drinking ' all day and " making morry," anid Koa wo. : " I. havo been with good companions, and.now I . only came back for money, and return to drink and carouse with them again." '? ' lîoth his face and his voice were stern ¿a judgment, but Kokua was too troubled' to obsorvo. ; " You do well to u»o your own, my husband," said aho, and hor words, trombled. " Oh, I do well in all things," said Keawo, and he went:; straight : for the chest and took ont money. - Hut he looked bus idas in the cornor whero they .'kept ? tho . .bottle, -and there waa no bottlo ... there. .At that the ohost hoaved upon the floor . like a sea billow,'and" the house' spun about him like a wreath of smoke, for ho .saw that he w«» lost now and there was no escapo. "It is what I feared," ho thought; " It is she who' has bought it.''- And thou ho came to himsolf aliltlo und roso up, but tho sweat stroamod on hia faoe us think as the rain and as cold aa the well'wator. . * ' 'f , 1 "Kokua," *aid ho, "I said to you to day what ill booarao me. Now I return ? tohouso with my jolly companions," and nt that ho laughed a littlo quietly-" I will take more pleasure in tho cup if yon forgive ine." She clasped hia knees in a moment, she '- kissed his knees with flowing tears. "Ohl" she cried, " I ask but a kind word 1" "Lot us ne vor think hardly' of the other," said Koawe, and wiii'gono oat of 'tho nonie. ; fftrw th« mener Keawe bsd taken wu i only oom « of thut'Ktora of uootimc pieces th«y hud lui<l in al Unir ari ¡viii. It waa very sure he had no mind tu be drinking. His wifo had given her soul for him, now ho must give his for hers; no other thought was in the world for him. At the comer of the old calaboose there was the old boatswain waiting. \- " Sly wife has the bottle," said Ksa we, " aud unless you help me to recover it there can be no more money and no more liquor to night." I " You do not mean to say you are i serious about that bottle V" cried the boatswain. i "There is tho lamp," said Keawo. i " Do I look as if I was jesting." I "Tiiat is so," said the boatswain. "Yon I look as serious as a ghost." " Well, then," said Koawe, hore are' threo centimes ; you must go to my wife in the house and oft'or her these for the bottle, which, if I am not much mistaken, she will give you instantly. . Bring it to moliere; and I will buy it back from you for two ; for that is tho law: with . thia bottle, thut it still must' be sold for a less : sum. But whatever you do. nevor breathe a word to lier that you have come from me." " Mate, I wonder if you are making a fool of me ?" asked tho boatswain. " It will do you no harm it 1 am," re» : turned Keawo. '' That is so, mate, said the boatswain. " And if you doubt ino/' added Keawe, "you can try. And aa soon as you are clour of tho - house wish . to havo your, pocket full of money, or a bottlo of the buBfc rum, or what you please, and you will see the virtue of the thing." " Very well,".says the boatswain, "I will try, but if you aro haring fun out of mo, I will take my fun out ot you with a belaying pin." So the . whaleman went off., up the avenue, and Keawo stood and waited. It was near tho sumo spot whore Kokua had waited tha night before, but Keawe was inore resolved, and never faltered in his purpose ; only his soul was bitter with despair. lt seemed a long timo ho had to wait beforo he hoard a voice flinging in tho darkness of tho avenue. He know the voice to bo the boatswain's, but it was strango how drunken it appeared upon a sudden. Next tho man himself came stumbling into the light of the lamp. He had the devil's bottle . buttoned in his coat ; i another bottle waa in his hand, and even ! tis he came in viow he raised it to his mouth and drank. " You have it,'' said Koawe, ''I soe that." "Mauds off I" cried the boatswain, jumping back. " Tako a atep near mo, and I'll smash your mouth, You thought you oould m a ko a cat's paw of mo, did you?" " What do you moan?" oriod Koawe. ". Muan?" cried the boatswain. "This is a pretty good bottlo, this ia, that's what 1 moan. How I got it for throe centimes 1 can't mako out ; but I'm sure you Bliun't have it for two." " You moan you won't aol! ?" gasped Kouwo. "No, air I" cried tho boatswain. "But I'll give you a drink of tho rum if you like." . " I toll you," said Keawo, *. tho -man who has that bottle gooa to hall." ." I reckon I'm going anyway,"returned i thc sailor ; " and this bottle's tho boBt thing to go with l'vo struck yet. No, sir," ho cried again, " this is my bottlo now, and you can go and fish for another." I "Cantiña bo true?" Keawo oried. j -'For your own Bake, I bosooch you, sell I it mo." , " I don't valuo any of your talk, said tho boatswain. " You thought I was a I flat ; now you seo lum not, and there's nn i end. If you won't havo a swallow of my I rum, 1'Jl havo ono myself. Here's your i health, and good night to you." So off he wont down tho avenue to ward town, and thora gooB the bottlo out of the story.. ? ?-. . But Koawe ran to Kokua light aa tho wind ; groat was their joy that night, and great, sinco then, has boen the peace of all their days in tho Bright House. 