WELL-BELOVED, A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT. By THOMAS HARDY, Author of 'Tess, of the D'Urbevilles,' 'Wereex Tales?' 'TheWoodlandew,' &c.;, {Published by special arrangement with the author. All lights teeerred.] PART FIRST.— A YOUNG MAN OF TWENTY. Chapiek L — Relics. Once — and that not long ago — there was a young sculptor who had not quite made a great name ; and pending that event he lived on a email income allowed him by bis father, an ? martifitic man of trade and commerce merely. '. The sculptor was not engaged in his art on one particular midnight in the summer season when, having packed up such luggage as he might require for a sojourn in the country, he eat down in his temporary rooms in a London square to destroy a mass of papers that be did not wish to carry with him and objected to' leave behind. iuuuug fcueui were eovciai yvuimxHrs \jl iutd letters in sundry hands. He took the first bundle, laid it in the grate, lie a match under it and waited. The bundle of hard, close-lying note-sheets would not born. He cut the airing, loosened the letters, and kindled another match. The flames illuminated the handwriting, which sufficiently recalled to his knowledge her from whom that batch bad come, and enabled him to read tender words and fragments of sentences addressed to him in bis teens by the writer. Many of the senti ments, he was ashamed to think, he bad availed '. himself of in some attempts at lyric verse, as having in them that living fire which no lucu bration can reach. The edges of some of the eheets began to be browned by the .flame, but they would not in this cold grate light up and coDsumeas he hadexpected. By this time he had begun ,to experience a sentimental feeling for the letters, though, till the present evening, he had not once thought of them for a twelvemonth. He had no longer heart to burn them. That packet, at least, be would preserve for the writer's sate, notwith standing that the person of the writer, wher ever she might bet was now but as an empty shell which had once contained bis ideal for a transient time. He drew the letters from the grate, shook them clean, and laid them aside. The next package was in a contrasting hand —thick and rotund, generated by a scratching quilL A school girl she — be had never much cared for her ; and her effusions were nneere moniously tumbled in. The young man repeated the match-lighting process, stirring the letters with the poker. Borne flamed, but the majority remained clean and legible as when written. Her hand writing had been eo large and inky that she had spread over a multitude of sheets a very email quantity of thought and affection ; and the bundle, made up of only a ehort corres pondence, was enormous. There was no destroying it in a hurry, unless a fiery furnace into which to thrust it could have been impro vised. Suddenly there arose a little fizzle in the dull flicker ; something other than paper was barn ing. It was hair — her hair. 'Good heavens !:- said the bedding sculptor to himself, 'how can I be such a brute? I am burning her — part of her form, many of whose curves as remembered by me I have worked into statuettes and tried to selL I cannot do it, at any rate to-night.' All that remained of the bundle— by far the greater part — he hastily withdrew from the grate, shook the feathery black scales of paper ash from the pages, refastened them, and put them back for preservation al&o.; He looked at the other packages. One-signed in round hand, one in long band, one in square band, one in pointed hand, crippled and pinched. She had been much older than he. They all showed affection which once bad lived, though now it was past and gone. No, be could not buni them here and alone. What could he do with them? He would take them with him and reconsider their existence. But all Ma luggage was packed ; in his portmanteaus and hand baggage not a square inoh of room remained. At last he took his summer overcoat, which he would .certainly not require to use till wet weather recom menced, rolled it hastily round the lumps of undying affeotion, strapped the whole com pactly together, and flinging it down beside bis portmanteaus went to bed. OhaptekIL — ASupposititiocsPeesektment ofHbb, About two o'clock the next day he was as cending the steep roadway which led from the village of Slopeway Well to the summit of the rocky peninsula, called an island, that juts out like the head of a flamingo into the English Channel, and is connected with the main land of Wessex by a long thin beach of pebbles, representing the neck of the bird. He recollected that it was two years and eight months since he had paid his last visit to his father at this his birthplace, the inter : vening time having been -spentamid many con trasting scenes at home and abroad. What had seemed natural in the isle when he left it now looked quaint and odd amid these latter im pressions. The houses above houses, one man's doorstep rising behind his neighbor's chimney ; the gardens hung up by one edge to the eky ; the unity of the whole island as a solid and.eingle block of stone four miles long, were no longer familiar and commonplace ideas. All now stood dazztingly clean and white against the blueeea, the sun flashing on the stratified facades of rock — The me'iucbolv ruins 01 cueeUrd cyoUsa _ _ Prodigious shapes Hodolea in grey annihi nation. After a laborious clamber he reached the top and walked along the plateau towards East Wake. The road was glaring and dusty, as always, and drawing near to his father's house he sat down in the sun. He stretched out his hand upon the rock .beside him. It felt warm. That was the islands personal temperature. He listened an° ^SF* soundai nick-nick-nick, sawsaw saw. Those were the island's voice; the noises of the quarrymen and stone sawyers. Opposite to the spot on which he sat was a roomy cottage or homestead. like the island it was all of stone; not only in walls, but in window-frames, roof, chimneys, fence, stile, pig^styee, and stable; almost door. He remembered who had used to live there —and probably lived there now ; the Care family— the roan mare Caroe as they were called, to distinguish them from other branches of the same family, there being bnt halfa dozen Christian and surnames in, the whole, island. He crossed the road and looked in at the open doorway. ' Yesi They werdftill, Mra Carp, who, had .seen him from the window met him in the entey, and there an old-fiyslkoBsdgreetiBB tookplaoe. A moment after, a door leading from the back rooms was thrown open, and a young girl of about seven teen or eighteen came bomaiing'in.' *? Why, 'tis dear Joes !' she burst out joy fully. And running up to him she seized hiB hand and kissed him before he was aware of her intention. The demonstration was sweet enough from the owner of such an affectionate pair of bright hazel eyes and brown tresses of hair. But it was so sudden, so unexpected, that he winoed for a moment, quite involuntarily, and there was some constraint in the manner in which he returned her kiss and said—' My pretty little Avice— how dp you do after so long?' For a few seconds her impulsive innocence hardly noticed his start of surprise, but Mrs. Caro, the girl's mother, had observed it instantly. With a pained face she turned to her daugher severely — 'Avioe— my dear Avioe? Why— what are you doing? Don't you know that youve grown up to be a woman since Jocelyn— Mr. Pearaton— was last down here? Of course you mustn't do now as you used to do three or four years ago.' ~ The awkwardness which had arisen was hardly removed by Pension's assurance that he quite expected her to keep up the practice of her childhood, followed by several minutes of conversation on general subjects. He was vexed . from bis soul that his unaware move ment should so have betrayed him. At hiB leaving he repeated that if Avioe regarded him other than as she used to do he would never forgive her; but though they parted good friends her regret at the -incident was visible in her face. Jocelyn passed out into the road and onward to his father's house hard by. The mother and daughter were left alone. 'I was quite astonished at 'ee, my child !' exclaimed the elder. ' A young man from Iiondon and the Continent, used now to the strictest company manners, and ladies who a'most think it vulgar to smile broad. How could ye do it, Aviee f 'I— I didn't thinkabouthow I was altered, said the conscience-stricken girL 'I used to kiss him and he used to kiss me before he went away.' ' But that was years ago, my dear. ' O yes, and for the moment I forgot. He seemed just the same to me as he used to be.' ' WeU, it can't be helped now. You must be careful in the future.' Meanwhile Jocelyn Pearston had gone onward to hiB father's, bnt the latter, having received no warning of his £on's intended visit, was not at home to receive him. Jooelyn looked round the familiar premises, glanced across Ae way at the great yard within which eternal saws were going to and fro upon eternal blocks of stone — the very same saws ana the. very same blocks that he bad seen there when last in the island, so it seemed to him— and then passed through the dwelling into the back garden. ? ? ... Like all the gardens in the isle it was sur rounded by a wall of dry-jointed epawle, and at its farther extremity it ran out into a corner which adjoined the garden of the Caros. He had no sooner reached this spot than he became aware of a mnrmuringand sobbing pn thejother side of the wall. The voice here cognised in a moment as Avice's, and she seemed to be confiding her trouble to some young friend of her own sex. 'O what ehall I do! What sfcaM I do!' she was saying, bitterly. 'So bold as it was — so shameless— how could I think of such a thing! He will never forgive me— never. Never like me again. He'll think me a forward hussey; and yet — and yet I quite forgot how much I had grown. But that he'll never be lieve.' The accents were tfiose of one who had for the first time become conscious of her womanhood as an unwonted possession which shamed and frightened her. 'Did he seem angry at it?' enquired the friend. 'O, no— not angry ! Worse. Cold and haughty. O, he's snA a fashionable person now— not at all an island man. But there's no use in talking of it. I wish I was dead !' Pearston retreated as quickly as he could. The incident which had brought such pain to this innocent soul was now beginning to be a source of considerable pleasure to him. He returned to the house, and when his father had come back and they had shared a meal to gether, Jocelyn again went out, full of an earnest desire to soothe his young neighbor's grief in a way she little expected ; though to tell the troth his affection for her was rather that of a friend than of a lover, and he felt by no meanB sure that the migratory elusive idealisation he called his Love was going to take up her abode in the body of Avice Caro. Chapter III. — Tm Incabk atton is Assumed TO BE A TeOB OSB. It was difficult to meet her again, even though on this lump of rock the difficulty lay as a rule rather in avoidance than in encounter ing. But Avice had been transformed into a very different kind of young womau by the self-consciousness engendered of her impulsive greeting; and notwithstanding their propin quity he could not meet her, try as he would. No sooner did he appsar an inch beyond his father's door than she was to earth like a fox — that is, she bolted upstairs to her room. Anxious to soothe her after his recent .slight, he could not stand these evasions long. The manners cf the isle were primiidveand straight forward, even amongst the well-to do, asd noting her disappearance one day he followed her into the house and onward to the foot of the stairs. ' Avice S' he called. 'Yes, Mr. Piston?' ' Why do you run upstairs like that ?' 'O— only because I watted to come np for something. ' Well, if you've got it can't you come down again?' 'No, I can't very well.' 'Come, dear Avice. That's what you are, you know.' There was no response. 'WeU, if you won't you won't?' he con tinued. ' I don't want to bother you.' And Pearston went away. He had hardly left the door when Mrs. Garo's servant ran out to ask him if he had left his coat behind him when he called on the day of his arrival. They had found it in the houBe, and had not been sure whose it was. 'O, yes, it is mine,' said Jocelyn hastily. 'I forgot it.' The great coat was strapped np round the letters just as he had arranged it; but he wondered as he walked on whether Mrs. Caro or Avice had looked inside as a means of identification. Determining to run no further risks he set about destroying the letters there and then. To burn them in a grate was an endless task. He went into the. garden, threw them down, made a loose heap of a portion, and put a match to the windy side. By thehelpof a pitchfork to stir them about be was fairijr successful, though as 60on as he ceased to stir they ceased to burn. He was deeply occupied in the business of feeding the fire from the adjoining heap when he heard a voice behind him. 'Mr. Pearston, I wasn't angry with .you just now. When you were gone I thought— you might mistake me, and I felt I could do no leas than come and assure you of my friendship stilL' t: Turning he'saw the blushing form of Avice . immediately behind him. 'You are a good dear girl,' said he' impul sively, as he threw down -the pitchfork, and, seizing her band, set upon her cheek the kiss that should have been the response to hers on the day of his coming. 'Darling Avioe,' he eaid. 'Forgive me for the slight that day. Say you do. Come, now.' She blushed, looked rather than spoke her forgiveness, and shrank away, sitting down \- upon a squared stone, around which the un bumt sheets, -of paper were strewn. With some embarrassment at her presence he withdrew another handful from the collection and threw it on the flames.' ' What are you burning ?' she asked. 'Oh, only some papers I hadn't time to destroy before I left town ; and which I forgot till to-day that I had brought with me.' 'Ah, that was the parcel you left at our house, perhaps ?' 'Yes.' She scanned more closely the packets scattered round her. 'They are letters in different handwritings.' 'Yes.' 'Oh, Joee — Mr. Pearston-^they are in women's hands ; they are love letters.' He did not answer for a moment, during ' which interval a sudden sadnees overspread her face, which had ya&i; before blushed so significantly under his caress. She bent her head and covered her eyes with her hands. ' I see— I see now!' 6he whispered. 'lam— only one — in a long, long row !' From the white sheets of paper round about her seemed to rise the ghosts of Isabella, Florence, Winifred, Lucy, Jane, and Evange line— -each writer from her own bundle respec tively—and Maude and Dorothea from the flames. He hardly knew what to say to the new personality 9 the presence of the old. Then a sudden sense of what a good and sin cere girl Avice was overpowered the spectres, Mid rushing up to her and kneeling down upen the letters he exclaimed, 'Avioe, dear Avice, I say to you what I have Jiever said to one of them, or to any other woman, living or dead — Will you have me as your husband ? ' Ah, I am only one of many.' 'Yon are opt, dear. Yon knew me when I was young, and they didn't— at least not many of them. Still, what does it matter? We must gain experience.' Somehow or other her objections were -got over, and though she did not give an immediateasBent she agreed to meet him later in the afternoon, when *he walked with him to the southern point of the island called the Beal, or by strangers the Bill, pausiBg over the . treacherous cavern known as Cave Hole, into which the sea roared and splashed now as it had done - when they visited it together as children. To steady herself while looking in be offered her his arm, and ehe took it for the first time as a wwmh ; for -the hundredth tune a£ his. old companion. They rambled on to, tbe lighthouses where they would have lingered longer if Avioe had not suddenly remembered that she had to recite poetry from a platform that very even ing at Slopeway Well, one of the villages on the island— the village that had advanced to be almost a town. 'Recite!' said he. 'Who'd have thought anybody or anything could recite down here, except the reciter we hear away there— the never silent sea.-' 'Oh— but we are quite intellectual now,' she said. ' in the winter particularly. But, Jooelyn, don't come to the recitation, will you? It would. spoil my performance if you were there; and I want to be as good as the rest.' 'I won't if you really wish me not to. But I shall meet you at the door *nd bring you home.' ' Yes !' she said, looking up into' his face ; and they hastened back together. Avice was perfectly happy now ; she could never have believed at the time of her deBpair on the day of his coming that she would ever be so happy. When they reached the east side of the isle they were compelled to part at once, that she might be soon enough to take her place on the platform. Pearston went home, and after dark, when he thought it would be about the hour for accompanying her back, he went along the middle road northward to Slopeway Well. He was full of misgiving. He had known Avice Caro so well of old that his feeling for her now was rather one of friendship than love ; and what he had said to her in a moment of impulse that morning rather appalled him in its consequences. .Not that either of the women who had attracted him successively would be likely to rise inconveniently between them. For he had quite disabused his mind of the old-fashioned assumption that the idol of a man's fancy was an integral part of the personalty in which it might be located for a long or a short while. To his intrinsic Well-Beloved he had always been .faithful ; but she had bad many embodi ments. Each individuality known as Lucy, Jane, Florenoe, Erangeline, or what-not, had been merely a transient condition of her. He did sot recognise this as an excuse or as a defence, but as a fact simply. Essentially she was perhaps of no tangible substance; a spirit, a. dream, a frenzy, a conception, an aroma, an epitomised sex, a light of the eyes, a parting of the lips. God only knew what she really was ; Pearston did not. He knew that he loved the Protean creature wherever he found her, whether with blue eyes, black eyes, or brown ; whether presenting herself as tall, fragile, or plump. She was never in two plaoes at once ; but hitherto she had never been in one place long. She was indescribable, -unless by saying she was a mood of himself. By- making this clear to himself sometime before this date* he had escaped a good deal of ugly reproach which he might otherwise have incurred from his own judgment, as being the very embodiment) of fickleness. It was simply that she who always attracted him, spelled him whither she would, as by a silken thread, had not remained the occupant of the same fleshly tabernacle throughout her career so far. Whether she would ultimately settle down into one he could not say. Had he felt, that she had now taken up her abode in Avice he would have tried to believe that this was the terminal spot of her migra tions, and have beeu content to abide by his words. Bat did he love Avice— see the Well Beloved made manifest in Avice at all? The question was somewhat disturbing. He had reached the brow of the hill, and descended towards Slopeway, where in the long straight street he soon found the lighted halL The performance was not yet over, and by going round to the side of the building and standing on a slope he could see the interior as far down as the platform level. Avice's turn or second turn came on almost immediately. Her pretty embarrassment on facing the audience rather won him away from his doubts. She was in truth what is called a 'nice' girl; pretty certainly, but above all things nice ; one of the class with whom the risks of matrimony approximate most nearly to nil. Her intelligent eyes, her broad fore head, her thoughtful carriage, ensured one thing, that of all the girls he had known he had never met one with more charming and solid qualities than Avice Caro's. This was not a mere conjecture ; he had known her long and thoroughly ; her every mood and temper. A heavy waggon passing without drowned her small soft voice for him ; but the. audience were pleased, and she blushed at their ap plause. He now took his station at the door, and when the people, had done pouring out he found her within awaiting him. They climbed homeward slowly by the Old road, Pearston dragging himself up the steep by the iron hand-rail and pulling Avice after him upon his arm. Reaching the top they turned and stood still ; to the left, of them the sky was streaked like a fan with the lighthouse rays, and in their front, at periods of a quarter of a minute, there arose a deep hollow stroke like the single beat of a drum, the intervals being filled with a long-dra*n rattling, as -of bones between huge canine jaws. It was Deadman's Bay, rising and falling against the pebble bank. The kiss that evening was not on Avice's initiative. Her former demonstrativeness seemed to have increased her present reserve. However, to- day was the beginning of a pleasant month passed mainly in each-other's society by the pair. He found that she oonld not only recite poetry at intellectual gather ings, -but play the piano fairly and- sing to her own accompaniment. -He observed that every aim of those' who had brought her up had been, to mentally get her away as far as possible from her natural and individual life as an inhabitant of . a peculiar isle ; to make her an exact copy of tens of thousands of other people in whose circum stances there was nothing special, distinctive, or picturesque ; to teach her to forgot all the experiences of her ancestors; to drown the local ballads by songs purchased at the Bud mouth fashionable music-sellers, and the local vocabularyjby a gqveroess-tongueof no country at all. She lived in a house that would have been ihe fortune of an artist, and learnt to draw London suburban villas from printed copies. Avice had seen all this before he pointed it out, but, with a girl's tractability, had ac quiesced. By constitution she was local to the bone, but she could not escape the tendency of the age. The time for Jooelyn's departure drew near, and she looked forward to it sadly, but serenely, their engagement being now a settled thing. Pearston thought of the local custom on such occasions, which had prevailed in both his and herfamils for centuries, both being of the old stock of the isle. The influx of 'kimberlma,' or 'foreigners' (as strangers were called), had led in a large measure to its discontinuance ; but underneath the veneer of Aviee's education many an old- fashioned idea lay slumbering; and he wondered if, in her natural melancholy at his leaving, she expected any such ceremony as a formal ratification of their batrothal, according to the precedent of their sires and grandsires. To scent her views on the point he asked her to meet him in the old Hope Churchyard one evening at seven o'clock. Chapter IV.— The Lonelt Pedestrian. The Hope Churchyard lay in a dell formed by a landslip ages ago, and the church had long been a ruin. At the hour appointed she descended the rocks and found him waiting at the foot of them. They wandered hither and thither in the shades, and the solemnity of the spot and the absence. of daylight assisted him in sounding her mind on a subject which could not be ap p-oaehed with levity. He found that, in common with all the islanders born, she knew of the observance. But it was obvious that, in view of herself as a modern young woman, ehe had never expected it to arise as a practical question between him and her. Some of the working quarriers kept it up, but nobody else, she said. Jooelyn hastened to inform her that he only wished to consult her desires as to the terms of their engagement, and not knowing how -far she respected the island's history, felt bound to mention it, though urge it he did not. ' Well,' said he, 'here we are, arrived at the fag end of my holiday. What a pleasant surprise my old home which I have thought) not worth coming to see for more than two years bad in store for me !' 'You must go to-morrow,' she said, un easily. ' Yes.' He refleoted, and decided that instead of. leaving in the daytime he would defer his departure till the night mail train from Budmouth. He had hardly looked into his father's quarries, and this would give him time to do so, and enable her, if she chose, to accompany him a little way. If {she would agree, he purposed to send on his luggage to the* aforesaid waterine-plaoe, and ask her to walk with him along the beach as far as to Henry the Eighth's Castle above the sands, where they could stay and see the moon rise over the sea. He would see her nearly all the way back, and there would be ample time after that for him to catch the last train. 'You can reserve your answer till to morrow,' he added. She hesitated. ' I understand you to mean, dear Jooelyn,' she said, ' thatmyaocompany ing you to the castle would signify that I con form to the custom of working the spell f ' Well, yes,' heanswered. ' I will think it over to-morrow, and ask mother if I ought to, and decide,' said she. 'I fear it ib heathen and ungodly.' After spending the next day witti hie father m the quarries Jooelyn prepared to leave, and attbe time appointed set out from the stone house of his birth in this stone isle, to walk to Budmouth-Regis by the path along the beach, Avice having some time earlier gone down to see some friends at Slopeway Well, which was half way towards the spot of their proposed tryst. The descent soon brought him to the pebble bank, and leaving behind him the last houses of the isle, and the ruins, of the village destroyed. by the November gale of 1824 ha struck out along the narrow thread of land. When he bad walked a. hundred yards he utnpped, turned aside to the pebble ridge which walled -but the sea, and sat down to wait for her. Between him and the lights of the ships riding at anohor in the roadstead two men passed slowly: in the direction he intended to pursue. One of them recognised Jocelyn and bade him goodnight, adding, ' Wish you joy, sir, of your choice, and hope the wedding will be soon?' 'Thank you, Seaborn. Well — we shall see what Christmas will do towards bringing it about.' 'My wife opened upon it this mornen : ' Please God, I'll up and see that there wedden,' says she, ' knowing 'emj both; from their crawl ing days.' ' The men moved on, and when they were out of Pearston's hearing, the one who had not spoken said to bis friend, 'Who was that young kimberlin ? He don't seem an islander.' 'Oh, he is though — every inch o'en. He's Mr. Jocelyn Pearston, the stone-merchant's only son up at East Wake. He's to be married to a stylish young body whose mother, a widow, carries on the sanw business as well as she can ; but their trade is not a twentieth part of Pearston's. He's worth thousands and thousands'they say, though 'a do live on in the same wold -way up in the same wold house. His son is doing great things in London as a image-carver; and I can mind when, as a boy, 'a first took to carving soldiers out o' bitso' stone from the Bolt bed of hia father's quarries, and then 'a made a set o' stonen chessmen, and so 'a got on. He's quite the gent in London, they tell me; and the wonder is that 'a oared to come baok here and nick up little Avice Caro — nice maid as she is notwithstanding. . . . . Hullo! there's to be a change in the weather soon.' Meanwhile the subject of their remarks waited at the appointed place till seven o'clock, the hour named between himself and his affianced, had struck. Almost at the moment he saw a figure coming forward from the last lamp at the bottom of the hilL She meant, then, to conform to the custom. But the figure speedily resolved itself into that of a boy, who advancing to Jocelyn enquired if he were Mr. Pearston, and handed him a note. (To be continued.) \- » 