The Marriage Problem. The annual boiling-up of letters on marriage, its blessings and troubles, has taken place in London daily and weekly journals. The subject is of everlasting interest, and we repro- duce some of the comments which the discussion has called forth. One of the sensiblest papers has appeared in 'All the Year Round,' the writer being, we should think, like a women:— 'People seem surprised that so many marriages should turn out failures. I do not know why they should be. How many friendships are enduring ? Not a large percent- age. Why? Because the qualities which go to make a good friend are rare. You find him out, or he finds you out. And so husbands and wives find each other out. And small wonder. Everybody wants to marry ; certainly a large majority wants to marry. I change 'everybody' to the 'large majority' because, no doubt, as you will perceive when you reflect, there are people who do not want to marry. And I believe, moreover, that, not seldom, these are the very people who marry first. 'Probably, if it were possible to publish an accurate statistical ac- count of how every marriage came about which has taken place in Eng- land within the last five and twenty years, the world would be amazed. It is my own persuasion that scarcely any person can give a logical reason why he or she has married. Circu- late a census paper among the married folks of England asking why they married each other, at least 90 per cent. will reply that they have not the faintest notion. It is no answer for Mrs. Plumper to say that she married Mr. Plumper because she liked him. Good gracious, Mrs. Plumper, what made you like a man like Plumper ? 'Well, I don't know, I suppose because he liked me.' 'Plumper, what made you like Mrs. Plumper?' 'My dear fellow, I've asked myself the question a hundred times. I've not the ghost of an idea.' A man has sat by a woman's side in an omnibus, spoken to her for the first time in his life in handing her fare to the conductor, marries her within the week, and lived happily with her ever afterwards. There is a story told of a man who went to a big tradesman. 'You supply your customers with everything ; do you supply them with wives?' The tradesman thought he might be able to supply a fair class of goods even in that line. He introduced a young lady who was serving behind the counter. The customer started off there and then to procure a special license, married the girl in the morn- ing and never regretted it to the day he died. There is no prima facie reason why such a story should be false. You say that it is a mistake for a man to have known his wife too long before he married her ? My dear sir, I know a case of two cousins who were born in the same house, within a few weeks of each other, who have lived together in the same house ever since, and who have been married now twelve years, and a happier marriage never was. The thing is a mystery. 'Some tell you that happiness in mar- riage is an affair of physical constitution, of like mating like. This is by no means certain. I am acquainted with a some- what notorious case of a woman, who as a girl, was very pretty, and who is still very far from ugly. She married a man who was one of a family of para- lytics—to the ordinary beholder a dread- ful family. He was partially paralysed at the time she married him—married him, it may easily be credited, against the wishes of all her relatives and friends. He has done nothing for himself unas- sisted from that hour to this. For some time he has lost the entire use of all his limbs. Yet she continues to worship him with what, to onlookers, is a wholly incomprehensible devotion. Until re- cently I used to see her every day. She looked the picture of happiness, of per- fect content with the goods the gods had given her. I know another case of a a man who has wheeled his wife in front of him for, I understand, two and twenty years. She is afflicted with some ter- rible disease. He is now an officer on half pay—he has only his half pay to live upon—and to see how he watches the very shadows as they chase each other across his wife's face is enough to bring the tears into your eyes. No, hap- piness in marriage is not necessarily an affair of physical constitutional. 'Others tell you that children bring married happiness. Always ? Can the ladies and gentlemen who figure in the Divorce Court never show any fruit of their unions ? You must have a limited aquaintance if you do not know a Darby and Joan who never had a baby of their own. But, you say, there are most happy marriages with children than without. Possibly, because, is the very large ma- jority of cases, marriage and children go together. If you mean relatively more, I doubt it. I doubt if children have much to do with it either one way or the other. It is absurd to say that happiness in marriage depends on similarity or dis- similarity of mental temperament. Wise men marry fools and never regret it ; and wise men marry fools and never cease regretting it. We are constantly being told, by a certain class of people and in a certain class of literature, that happiness in marriage depends upon moral qualities, that a good woman should marry a good man, that that is the secret. This maybe beautiful in theory, and one may feel that one would like to believe it ; but, unfortunately, it is contrary to the teachings of experi- ence.' Most people who speak glibly of love speak of it without having a rudimentary knowledge of what love is. It is to them an unknown quantity. Very much an unknown quantity if they would only, just once in a way, pause to think of it. The feeling generally spoken of as love is, in a hundred and one cases out of every hundred—like one's appetite— evanescent. The kind of love, especi- ally, which is frequently raved of by the poets is not only of its very nature evanescent, but, like the trail of the serpent, it leaves the very worst effects behind. Some of these gentlemen might as reasonably urge their admirers to make the one end and aim of their being a desire to 'quaff' a hogshead of neat brandy at a sitting. Their raptures suggest one form of delirum tremens ; the hogs- head of brandy would merely suggest another form. Those who begin with an ecstacy of passion in one sense will inevitably end with an ecstacy of passion in another sense. At the best the result will be an equivalent of black eyes. Men and women are unable, by reason of their constitution, to keep up an unnatural tension in anyone direction for any length of time. The tension is apt to become equally un- natural in a diametrically opposite direction. The pendulum swings. Tom loves Jane madly when he marries her ; six months afterwards he enjoys as little of her society as he conveniently can. Madness has its contrasting phases. 'Love, in any decent sense, requires self-sacrifice. How many persons are there capable of genuine self-sacrifice —of even momentary self-sacrifice ? Of the self-sacrifice which, unmur- muring, endures to the grave—how many persons have you met capable of that ? And though Tom may be capable of self sacrifice for Tom. How many a Jane is there who is sacrificing her all for Tom, while Tom, at the best, merely approves her sacrifice. Many a woman has married a man really loving him ; she has sacrificed all that she could for him, she has devoted her life to making his life happy. Gradually it dawns upon her that, from the first, he has really only been permitting this, that all the time his heart has been with other gods. 'We may remark to the sentimen- talists who inform us that it is love which seasons marriages, that the number of happy marriages into which love has never entered for a moment from first to last are as the sands of the sea for multitude. There is happiness and happiness. There is the happiness of the man who asks nothing better than to have a pair of slippers on his feet, a pipe in his mouth, and a paper in his hand ; and there is the happiness of the man whose vision soars to heights em- pyrean. There is the man who, so long as he can live a humdrum kind of existence, unaffected by any violent earthquake shocks from without, is happy as the day is long. If a man of this kind marries a woman of his own kind, his cup of happiness is full, and (one may add), so is hers. People of this sort abound. They farm the bulk of the English middle classes. They are the backbone of the country-typi- cal English folk. Talk to them of love ! Stuff and nonsense ! They never in- dulged in such folly. 'Did we, Mary ? 'No, John, that we never did.' They read the reports of the breach of promise cases with contemptuous amazement. They never exchanged 'spooney' letters. They never exchanged 'spopney' words. Thank goodness, no. Five minutes after marriage and fifty years after marriage, they address each other with exactly the same common-sense stolidity. They are attached to their house, they are attached to their furniture—especi- ally are they attached to their esay chairs —and they are attached to each other as easy chairs. Each is a necessary ad- junct to each other's comfort ; if John dies, it is quite possible that Mary will marry again—the chair, having worn out, needs replacing. If Mary dies it is equally possible that John will marry two other wives in quick succession, and he will be happy with all three of them, alike. The sentimentalists who maintain that no marriage can be happy where no love is must either have a limited acquaintance of their fellows, or they must have wilfully closed their eyes to the things which they have seen. 'It is a singular trait of a certain sort of human nature, that the man who is willing to share with a wife his sorrows is unwilling to share with her his joys. There are teachers who tell us that a clever and an ambitious man should not take unto himself a wife, lest she should hamper him, not only in the days of his struggle, but also in the days of his achievement. It takes all sorts of men to make a world. To me such teaching is most amazing. By all means let each man ask himself what is his aim in life. If he himself is, to himself, the begin- ning, and the middle, and the end, by all means let him set up his god and worship it. If he is cool, and hard, and calculating, it does not by any means follow that he is, in any sense, a worse man than either you or I ; and, probably, to him mar- riage is but an incident. There is nothing to be said against that. Each man is entitled to his own point of view. If we could only see it ! We see it swiftly of ourselves, but slowly enough of others. To numbers of men marriage is but an incident. This is their point of view, and one which, so far as I can see, they are quite entitled to hold. But this I do affirm : The man who, when he was nothing and no- body, married a woman who brought him nothing but her love, who shares with her his struggles, and who, when the day of his triumph comes, drops her, just as though it were a matter of course, to all intents and purposes out of his existence—I do affirm that such a man is a cur. Such curs are to be found in what, in the world's reckoning, are the very highest places. There is the great actor, Mr. Stacit. You meet him everywhere ; in princes' houses. Did you ever see Mrs. Stacit ? No. Yet there is a Mrs. Stacit. "Dear Mr. Stacit! Such a dread- ful story! So sad for him! You know when he was a young man, and his genius was still unrecognised, I have heard that he married quite a common person—a mere ballet girl, I believe. Altogether impossible that she should be received in society. 'This is the sort of thing you here —and from women. Altogether im- possible to receive her in society ! A much more impossible person is re- ceived—Mr. Stacit. The man, despite his outward fantastic trappings, is really but a dirty blot upon the fair escutcheon of our common manhood. What is meant is this ; Mr. Stacit, when he was a beggar, took unto him- self another beggar, in the shape of a woman, accepted all that she had to give him, fed her with the bread of bitterness, and when, after years of struggle, triumph came at least, he denied her what she had earned more righteously that he had done—the rest which cometh after labour, the joy which follows pain. There is the popular artist, Dauber. You meet him everywhere. Did you ever meet Mrs. Dauber? You hear her spoken of, in a whisper, at the club. I rather fancy that Dauber married his model. Couldn't afford to pay her fees, so he married her instead.' He couldn't af- ford to give her money for her services, so what has he given her instead ! What has he given her ? The privilege of being his wife ? And what a privi- lege it seems to be ! It appears that she was only to regard herself as his equal—his wife—up to a certain point in his career ; and then—what was she to regard herself as then ? 'Gentlemen of Stacit's kidney abound. They are quite common among the ranks of what are called successful men. They are statesmen, lawyers, authors, financiers, divines. A woman who is married to a certain type of man must look forward with positive terror to the days when he shall achieve suc- cess. She knows that his triumph will mean her fall. When I read that often- told story of the woman—which, mark you, is always told against the woman, who destroyed her husband's master- piece before it was given to the world, I wonder if that woman did not know her husband through and through ; if she was not too well aware that he was quite prepared to sacrifice her on the altar of his own self-seeking. And I ask myself if she was not almost justified in the thing she did. I do not know what is sometimes meant by the 'rights of women ;' but I do not know this—that it is the right of every woman to share, to the last fragment, the triumphs of the man who, voluntarily, of his own free will, has merged her life with his." THE END. 