FINE ARTS. THE REALISTIC DRAMA. By Paul Heise, the German Dramatist. What is it really which scorns entirely missing in modern art and whose defioienoy is eon- sidored the sourco of all its other short comings ? Surely the oauso is only and sololy to be traced to the artists who have last all respect for dear and powerful outlines. Everywhere we find an abundance of little witty, teohnical triohs, a few original oaprices or pompons idoas, an exceedingly olevcr, norvous fabrication, but on tlio wholo no large fonturcs, 'no firmness of struoture whioh has only to throw its shadow to give an idea of its value. It seems to me that the samo criticism could be applied to the world's literature at large and all tho plionomena of our much lauded art. It is my opinion that wo are sufficiently well acquainted with tho eommonplnco and vulgar to justify the poet in leaving itasido, oxceptto show us how striking a contrast a bold, poetioal conception forms against tho grey monotony of a prosiaa background. Tlio prosent generation, however, nervously irritated and desirous of morbid excitement, turns away from it and celebrates music as the highest art, whereby, true enough, tho woman — so muck tigktor laced than tho man, and there fore more eager to break all fetters and plunge into an excited and exciting element— plays the leading part. Wo all know from bitter experience that the only moments in lifo which really satisfy us aro those in which we fear to dissolvo in delicious pain, and such the languago of sounds grants us in nolittlo measure, but only tocastus, by too fro- quont enjoyment, into a dreamlike, morbid existence which threatens in time to soften all oompnot matter in our brains. No ; now as ever do I bclicvo in tho saying that art is not created exclusively for pleasure and that nono oxoccdB the dramatio art in educational power. Therefore, give tho pcoplo tho stago and on it plays whioh mirror clearly and fully the human soul, whioh heat our imagination to suoh a degree that wo should like best to rush out of the theatre and at once do somothing very great ! Is, then, tho enthusiasm for a great deed not of moro value to humanity than a momentary, onohanting enjoyment ? (Not many dramas aro written, however, whioh are capable of produc ing such a powerful impression.) So I was always of tho opinion that tragedy has a higher problem to solve for humanity than eomcdy, which has always depiotcd the vices and virtues of the middle classes. In the average comedy the planning of the I dot is generally tho only praiseworthy thing, for the characters aro out and dried as soon as they appear, and remain from beginning to ond invariably a " tipsy nobleman," n " droll ser vant," or a " languid young lady,"&o.;, and to ehnracteriso them it iB only necessary to attri bute to thorn some bo-lily shortcoming, a lame arm, short sightodness, a stereotype smile, a pcouliar, large nose, or to cause them to use continually a ridiculous phrase like, " Such things can only happen to mo J" This exceed ingly comfortable way of delineating characters even Goldini and Holboig made use of, and tho great Molicre also did not know any other alter native. Tartuffo is only liypooritioal, Harpa- gon is only miserly, Chrysalo only stupid, though they might have hundreds of other good and bad qualities besides. The German comedy writers naturally did not improve on this partial conception of human beings. Also for tho development of the art of noting, comedy is of less importance, becauso in a vaude- ville ic is rattier luuiuereuu wuctiiei- i>uu purss are cast more or less oorrcotly, as tho plot takes sufficient caro that tho interest docs nob slaoken for a moment. If, after all, thiB should bo the ease with many a German eomcdy, tho origin is to bo traced in our seemingly incurable weakness in teohnical matters, our want of knowledge of form and command of scenic expedients. Schiller'3 exag gerated breadth, whieh ho found necessary to comploto his characters, as well as Goethe's aichitectonic awkwardness, can bo thus ex plained. And tlicso fnults aro so universally known that if a German should eonccivo tho idea of writing a play whoso action takes place during the French Rovolntion, 0110 would at onco roinark that the play leeks in action, that all impottaueo has been concentrated upon the chnraotcristics, and that ono had thoreforo tho right to expect in a revolutionary play an abundanco of excit- ln<y nvforlor nvrmfctt. liut is it by any means necessary to ondcavor to drnmatiso tho Frenoh Revolution ? Can ono not describe a revolution in a human life?. Tho action which shuuld bo the objeet of tho drama tist docs not consist in exterior events, but in those of tho soul. If at the same timo some thing exciting for tho senses of the aurious andienco can be included all the better ! One should not despise tho coarser needs which human beings once for all will not leave at homo ivhon they visit a theatre, and tho ooronation firoeession in Joan of Aro harms truo poetry as ittlo as organ recital and boll ringing does truo devotion. Vet the real tragedy is enacted in the hoart of the virgin. And is it not peculiar how strangoly tho good Germans behavo thcmsolvcs? Tlioy continually express a passionate desire for notion in tho drama, and yet only suoh pieces prosorve tho first oharin of novelty in whioh, abovo all else, charnoters aro to bo found. Why is othcrwiso suoh a badly connected drnma abounding in genre sconos and conversations liko Egmont always certain of its cifeot upon a full houso if not simply beenuse all its charaotors are alivo, and appoar as congenial to tbo German as if ho had met them in his mother's house? What onuses Lcssing's Minna von Barnhelim to ro- main indestruatible to this day ? Surely not the exciting interest of tho plot nor tho comedy effects, whioh aro so moderate that thoy are hardly able to produoo a wholo Boulcd laughter. But, what is more, oar heart laughs within us when tho ohnraotcrs in their inoomparable ani mation step before us. That is tbo docp trait of tho Teutonio nature for tho peculiar and individual which, in con trast to tho Romanesque, is based on our deeper feelings for poetry. Though wo also hasten to sco how a remarkable, oxciting or amusing story is told us dramatically, and aro astonished at — tho brilliant skill with whioh a Fronchmnn a la ' Sardou understands how to keep us in breath less dispense, which, ns soon as tho knot is loosened, seems to .us merely a elever game of chess between tho never changing carved- lay i figures of the Parisian gimoracks. j So I by no means find it strange that tho ' Frenchmen, however poetically and passion ately they may bohave thcmsolvcs, havo not yet orcatcd a dramatic literature whieh could com pare itself to the Greek, English or German. In truth, tho Italians and Spaniards, in spite of their world famous poriods of dramatio excel lence, aro not muoh better off For the tem perament of tho Bomnnesquo people, their nature and culture aro so seriously bound to tho conventional that tho truo tragia problems which all rest upon the glorification of tho individual could hardly be made intelligible to them. In addition, thoy could never free themselves from the form or dare to apply tho unrestrained . language of nature which alone overwhelm us with tragic horror. Every genuine tragedy should glorify tho natural rights of exceptional cases against tho traditional right of tho middlo classes, so that accordingly tho meaning of a tragio guilt amounts to tho transgression of having the oourngo to follow one's own will, which lifts tho individual over tho narrow limits of this ovory- day world, and strengthens him in the resolve to tolorate and respect nothing which jars with his innermost feelings, for great heroic souls are accustomed to solve tho coniliot of duties in a >, different manner to the medioority of Phiiis- : tines narrowed by petty customs and doforenccs. . As for those who in our sadly doficient social .'ft regulations consider immoral what to strong ;( and free human beings constitutes a sacred dofence, for them the beautiful has never existed, and of tho good thoy only know what is ' useful. As the punishment whioh a great criminal has ;; to suffer, and were he armed with as much -rTrr1; poetic power as Macbeth, can only satisfy tho - most prosaia senso of justice, who can deny that : i all tragio emotion is out of question even if - Z witches and ghosts aro conjured up? A great tragio poet has through his art ennobled an \ episode of little tragic value to such au extent 1 that even tho critics are deceived as to tho 1 worthlessucss of the plot as suoh. t On tho contrary a simple, almost childish, I lovo story as that of tho harmless young couplo ' of hostile Iiousob, who despised all worldly wisdom and consideration of results, and becauso they could not live without caoli other, courted death together, iB really tragic. And tho part which chanco plays in its inter vention is tbo more imprcssivo because wo ato reminded of those powers which even overcome tho mightiest soul ; tho perishable exterior, tho purely malignant nature of reality, to which tlio idoal so often succumbs — though without losing its original gaiety, was to the Greek dramatists the source of all genuine dramatio greatness. Aiul if every nation should aspire to tho idcnl correspondent with its customs and manners, wo must continue to lay moro stress upon charac ters than unon action, howevor wrv a face old Aristotle might make, who, truo enough, never dreamt of a Richard III. or Goetz von Berlick- ingen. In all other countries also the poet who has given the people the largest number of ever memorable characters will be tho greatest and dearest ; and even of the lyrical writers it is not lie who produces the loveliest sounds, hut the one who knows how to stamp his own indivi duality in the clearest and most evident manner upon his poetical confessions. Before concluding, a few words on natu ralism, which is gaining ground everywhere and which is by 110 means refused a placo in litera ture, as long as it mcroly upholds the study of reality and docs not go astray into microscopic observations, unpoctical materialism and morbid otliics. Already Schiller had presorvod a cortain phy siological curiosity from his first vacation of a physician, and studied not only all the chronicles ' for his William Toll, but also the natural history of Switzerland and tho topography of tiio cantons. In his preparatory work for Wallcnstein he set to work so seriously that ha . deemed it necessary to write a History of the " Thirty Years War beforo. Let us now suppose that a naturalistic genius equal to Schiller rase and resolved to write a Mary Stuart. What would bccomo of tho Queen of Scotland in his hands if he represented her in her realistic, original form ? A seduotivo, sensuously fanatic, ambitious Megicrn who had her first husband blown up, to cool her passion afterwards in the arms of his assassin ; who conspirod with the enemies of England, the originators of Alba's wars of ex termination in the Low Countries and the horrors of the Bartholomew's night in Frnnec ; who incited her touowers to muruer tne queen, and, upon tho whole, void of all moral restraint considered overy crime allowable, cvon agreeable to God. Would not in face of this tigress the thought ocour to the spectator that the wisest thing under tho circumstances would be to strike oil her dangerous hand ? . Besido this creation lot us put tho gentle and beautiful martyr of Schiller, purified through suffering and solitude, innocent of her temporary fates, who accepts bor undeserved death as last atonement for a long expiated guilt, and let tho nublio itsolf deeido whieh crcution is moro justified in the realms of art. Tho Times correspondent at Berlin reports certain figures given by tho Slatistisclic Corrc- spondenz on the growth of the religious life and tho religious indifferrntism of Germany sinco 1871\. For overy 1000 mombers of religious l,nilir»a in1R71. there were, it is snid. in 1890 1191 Evangelicals and 1240 Roman Catholics ; while for overy 1000 persons disclaiming all religion in 1871, there were in 1890 no fewer than 14,355 of these religious indiffercntists. That sounds like a very rapid failure of ruligioiiu faith in Germany, but in all probability it only means tlrnt n great many more persons who con cealed their indifference to religion in 1871 are now not afraid to avow it. In other words, tho increase mny be due, not to au increasing amount f indilferentism, but to the spread of confidenco that tho avowal of it will not injuro tho positiou of tho Bcoptic. 