INTERCOLONIAL items. (From our Fairs,] VICTORIA. The Government is now arranging to have public works pushed on as rapidly as peas sible. Schemes are being prepared relative to the works to be proceeded with, and there is now some prospect of additional employment being found for the people. In fact, the Treasurer could on an emergency provide a sum of £1,250,000 at once. and this includes £750,000 in hand and the overdraft of £500,000 the Treasurer say, if he so desires, obtain at any time from the banks without security. he is also proposed when the Treasury bills are negotiated to recoup the Trust Funds, and thus make them available to be drawn upon for new works, A return has been prepared by the Customs Department show us the extent of border imports during the last two years into the colony from New South Wales and South Australia. In the year 1890 the value of imports from New South Wales was £87,758; for the year 1891, £60,371. The principal factor in 1890 was the large amount of cattle which were imported, their value being £32,623 ; but in 1891 the value was only £24,069. In 1890 the value of sheep imported over the Murray was £50,093, and in 1891, £37.852. It will be son by the above figures that the value of cattle imported from New South Wales in, 1891, as compared with the previous year, has fallen away in a marked degree. The value of imports from the colony of South Australia for 1890 amounted to £6,930, and in 1861 £7.3.10, which shows in contracts inction t.. NewSouth Wales, an increase on the previous year. The Railway Department sometime ago decided upon a reduced scale of charges for the carriage of fruit by goods train. The department have found it necessary, so as to prevent the fruit spoiling at the sheds, to arrange for its immediate delivery to the consignees. To effect this they have en- the ed into on agreement with two firms in Melbourne to deliver the packages by van as follows -The Suburbs : Mayne, Nickless, and Co., a package 281,, Oil. ; 561., 66. ; 1121b., la. City : M'Culloch and Co , 28s., 6d. ; 50lb., 6d. ; 12s., 9d. The Rev. Father Leane, who has had charge of the Maryborough parish for the last three years, left for Melbourne to-day on route to Europe, whither he will shortly proceed with the other Fathers of the Holy Ghost Order," who are relinquishing the charge of the Catholic College, at Ball rat. A large crowd of the rev. gentleman's life parishioners assembled at the station to see him, and cheer after cheer was given as the train steamed out of the station. During his ministry here Father Lemire his accomplished an immense amount of work in the erection of Presbytery churches, and within the last few days his late parishioners have subscribed a purse of 150 sovs. in recognition of his zealous labours and in testimony of the universal esteem in which the rev. gentleman is held. He has been succeeded by the Rev. Father Marshall, of Casterton. A destructive bush fire broke out in the forest on Wednesday last between Apollo Bay and Cape Otway. An easterly breeze carried the flames on to R ibinson'a station, and this morning the wind changed to the north, and about 11 a in the fire 'was noticed in the vicinity of the Government reserve. All the available officials turned out to fight the flames, but the fire was so fierce that little could be done. It was feared that the powder magazine, which con- taint a large quantity of powder and the detonating fog signals, would catch fire and demolish the telegraph signal station and lighthouse. All the ladies and children were ordered down the cliffs to a place of safety. The fire was within 50 yards of the magazine, which is, unfortunately, placed in the centre of the quarters, when it was stopped. A great deal of fencing has been burnt, and it is feared some cattle and other stock have perished. It is difficult to estimate the damage at present. The smoke was so dense that the sea was invisible, consequently shipping could not be reported. All hands were busily engaged beating back the flames, and about 6 o'clock all danger was past, and the ladies and children were able to return to their homes. Some of the gardens and pigsties have been swept away, thereby causing a loss to the Government officials, who will have to wait some time before any garden fences will be erected and any vegetables grown. 1 here is no grass now for the horses or stock, and Lorne feed will have to be obtained at considerable expense. So far no serious accidents have been reported. A large area of country between the Johanna River and Princetown was also on fire. 