DR. MALCHI; Or, WHO WAS I? AN EXTRAORDINARY EXPERI ENCE. BY J. E. CuOTIs. (Continued). CHAPTER IV.--REGINA. It was a clear, brilliant morning; the sun shone brightly on the London pave. meats, and the soft west wind seemed to whisper what that morning must be in the country, and to seek as it were to .- tempt.the busy men and women, whoee anxious careworn faces it fanned, to for sake.the crowded .streets, and follow it into scented fields and cool leafy woods. I somewhat abstractedly pursued my way toward H- street. I was pondering over the purport of the mysterious mes dage so strangely delivered t s me. Hlad the deaf and dumb woman written it and awaited her opportunity of secretly giving It to me-or had some unknown inmate of the houseseized his or her first chance of warning me-or had Dr. Malchi him. self been the author and possibly the giver of it ? iMy speculations were each and all in vain. I could not arrive at any eatisfac tory conclusion. Who was the ener.y anid who was the friend? How could I arm myself against unknown dangers ? I . stopped abruptly and tearing the message which I still held in my hand into a dozen pieces, I flung it carelessly into the gutter ; I would not, I determined, trouble my head any more about it. I would instead devote all my thoughts and all iiy energies to the unravelling of my own terrible puzzle. But stay, had the .clue to that puzzle already been placed in my hands, and had I unwittingly : despised it? I could not tell, but I re solved to strictly adhere to my original plan of naction. .As I threaded my way through the crowded WVest End throughfaree, [ eagerly scanned the faces of the passers by. Surely I should presently recognise one as a familiar one, or perchance I might to my unspeakable joy find myself recognised and hailed by name. But alas, among all the hurrying crowd, no face or voice had power to strike the keynote of my lost memory. I turned sadly enough down H- street and quickly found the cab stand ; but on making inquiries of the first Jehu,I found to my annoyance that No. 10G had only ten minutes before been hired out for the day.. ' He will just turn up here for five minutes to-night to settle up, you know,' said a cab inspector, who had overheard my inquiry, ' and then he will be off duty until to-morrow. If you want to see him, air, you had better look round in the morning.' '- I'll see him to-night if I can,' I re plied. ' When will he be due back ?' ' Well, sir, it's rather hard to say,' said the inspector, thoughtfully stroking his 'nose. 'He's been hired by a wedding party, who wanted to make a little jaunt out of town ; but as they didn't seem able to make up their minds where to go, they agreed to pay for a full day, so I shan't expect No. 100 back until 1 see him.' I reflected for a moment. ' Where does he live? I'll come bore to-night on the cla' ibe of seeing him, but if I fail I will call on him early to-morrow morning, before he leaves home.' :''ll get you hisaddressin one moment air,' said the inspector, and taking out a memorandum book from his pocket, he ran his finger down one of its pages. Sullivan, Holmes, Jackson, Blake-here, we are, sir. No. 4, Paradise terrace, : Turner-street, Hammeramith. You will have to call on him early, sir, to make sure of catching him before lie's off for the day. Thank you, sir; much obliged.' More disheartened than I cared to ad. . mit even to myself, I strolled slowly on towards the city. I did not know what Snext to do. The slight cheek my inves. tigations had thus early received had depressed me, and, although I strove to shake off the feeling, inclined me, * nevertheless, to regard it as an unfavour. able omen of the result of my quest, By.ard-by I wandered into Hyde Park, and, sitting down on a seat beneath a tree, I strove to realise, to its utmost extent, my most extraordinary situation. . I was deprived by one fell stroke of :; friends, name, position, and personality. Unless I could regain the memory of my ' own past existence, I must be of all men the most miserable. How had I lost that enemory 1 Could some strange mental metomorphosis have taken place in me ' within the last four-and-twenty hours I'Could memory alone have been paralysed : while my intellectual powers remained untouched ? Could mine be a new soul , inhabiting an unfamiliar body, or had I been the victim of some hideous jugglory? .,Who was the man that had hailed the cabman 1 Could he have drugged and, Spossibly, robbed me 1 Could it be that my Smemory as lying dormant, needing only some kindly ray from the past to awaken *: it into vigorous life; or was it gone t:one for evermore ? Could any doctor aid " e to reover it? fiad any over met withI e similarease to mine 1 I started to my \- f:eet with the intention of consulting the ei::'a?dest physician ; but as I remembered the hopeless difliculty ot making my story clear, even to the most sympa, :thetic of medical men, I sank back again on the seat. I should, very probably, be : deemed a madman, and handed over to i a':theare of the nearest authorities. Dr. 'Malohi, thank God, had not questioned Smy sanity. He had, after all, acted towards mo with far more considoration S sid kindness than I might have reason ";ably expected to receive from a stranger. Hoe had not, apparently, doubted the truth of my story, neither had he shown say mortifying surprise at it. He had, ts ~spite of my impatience and petulance, treated me with marked courtesy. I ..would, I silently determined, remember ftotr the future the claim he hold on my grastude. I mmsed thus for several hours. People "atrolled and gossipped near me, and several eyed me curiously; but, after my irst quick glance at their faces, I heeded 4them not. Little children laughed and played aroundme,'but when ino of themn thansed to gaze at me with innocent "iatqniitivseess I turned morosely away \- ~itm their wondering eyes. ?I-a man .igrpown-envied the little children their Iasppy .memory of the sunny years bhrough which thtey had already tripped. Presently one of them-a dimploed golden haired fairy-timidly touched my hand. 'Poor man,' she said, p.ravely sympa thetic, ' have you been naughty 1' I shook my head. ' No,' I said, trying to smile; 'I am only very unhappy' The little maiden's blue eyes became very compassionate. ' Poor man, poor man,' she said, gently patting my hand. 'Lilla is very sorry for you;' and then, after profound cogi tation, she suddenly asked, ' Rave you got a little girl like me at homo ?' I shook my head again. -I feared thel child's questions were leading me deeper into the slough of perplexity. ' Well, thlon, I 'pose you've got a good mother, just like mine?' she returned, visibly triumphing in her penetration. I pushed the soft hand away. ' Go and play. little one,' I said, harshly, ' I am only a very unhappy man; you cannot help me.' The child's rosebud mouth quivered for an instant. 'Lills is very sorry for you, she repeated with aggrieved dignity; 'though you are cross, yet Lilla is sorry for you.' I leaned suddenly forward, and held out my hand with a swift contrition for my unkind reception of her childish sympathy. 'Kiss me, little one,' I pleaded, ' aud say-" Poor man, I hope your search will be successful." ' 'Very long word that lanst one,' com mented Lille, but she did as I bade her, and after a temporary struggle with the long word, got it out victoriously ; and then, advising me to go home and tell my mother I was unhappy, she danced away after some little companions, and was lost to my sight. The child had all unwit tingly increased my unhappiness. I wandered disconsolately from the park, and, more for lack of occupation than for any real craving for food, entered a restaurant and ordered a slight reprist. I tried to read one or two of the news papers scattered around me, but after a few moments' perusal, I laid them down. My mind was too occupied with myself to care for the sayings or doings of the outside world, so long as those sayings and doings seemingly connected not themselves with me in any way. I mechanically ate the food brought me, and it strengthened and refreshed me. I might, for aught I knew,have been with out food for more hours than "I reckoned, for I had made but the merest pretence of eating at Dr. Malchi's breakfast table. I was certainly invigorated, and inclined to smile at my recent depression. 'My curiouns disease will be cured by a night of healthful slumber,' I thought to myself, as I quitted the restaurant, and walked, aimlessly enough, along ''the Strand. 'I shall awake myself once more, and relate the story of this day's adven tures with as keen a sense of enjoyment: as will doubtless be felt by my laughing listeners.' After some hours of desultory wander, ing, I bethought me that if I did not wish to keep Dr Malchi and his dinner waiting, I must at once betake myself to his house. I retraced my steps accord ingly, but as I turned into Chesterfield Road, a curious horror concerning my purposed re-entrance into Dr. Malchi's abode took possession of me. I tried to fight against it, but once, twice, thrice my feet almost involuntarily carried me past the door which had been so mysteri ously closed in my face. Some presenti ment of future ill seemed to" warn me from again crossing its threshold. 'Flee, flee, while yet there Is tnme,' a voice seemed to whisper in my ear,but common sense forbade me to listen to it. Dr. Malchi had surely shown himself to be I my very good friend. How could I beco h base, so ungrateful, as to ignore his past kindness, and, for no reason at all, cut myself adrife from the only man who, as it were, formed the connecting link between ny past and present ? Beside, the mysterious messga gehad hinted of the existence of a friend as well as an enemy I beneath (presumably)tlhat roof. Whether, therefore, Dr. Malchi was my friend or foe, I would not prove indiffeoroent to my own future welfare by neglecting 'to avail myself of any chance, however remote, of regaining my lost memory. I turned resolutely on my heel, and, walking boldly up thp, whitei?ed steps, rang the bell with a steady hand. The door was immediately opened by the dumb woman. She.did not show r any surprise at seeing me, but curtseying Sdeferentially, at once led the way into: a large and handsonmely furnished drawing. I room. It was untenanted, and, after a wheeling an invitingflooking easy chair 1 toward me, she noiselessly disappeared. S'This woman certainly was not the I writer of the mysterious message,' I l thought, half laughingly, as I flung Smyself wearily into the chair. I had besen i a fool to credit her, evens in my remotest a fancy, with it. She was only a staid, highly respectable servant, whosee Sthoughts, doubtless, seared not beyond Slthe circle of her domestic duties. MIy eyes wandered idly round the room. \- It was an undeniably handsome apart. Iemnt, but its gorgeous colouring and ( lavihlymagnificot furniture jarred upon ime. It was pre-eminently a room Sarranged and intended to satiate the eye I without in any way gratifying the nobler Ssensaes. 'Jiring presently of my aimless survey, I begin to wonder where my host awas. On consuloting the clock on the aoyermantel T found it already long past Sthe tinae named by Dr. Mlchi as his dinner hour; and as tip mogleots woro on, and he cameo not, I gr'e more and more uneasy, lest his delay should pro Svent my revisiting, as I lhad planned, the cab-stand. I would not willingly forego the opportunity of institutig my in quirie, end I futilely regretted my Saceaptance of his Invitation. Just as my impatlIence we gotting too great for passive endurance, the doao opened and Dr. Malohi hastily entered, 'Detained by a tiresome patient,' lhe caid, ip smiling apology; and before I could return hjim any answer, he re marked, with an jndeo~ribablo exultation in his volee, 'You hayo not gaocesadpd yet ' 'Not yet,' I replied, assuming a light. heartedness which I was far from feeling; 'but I- 'ifbouse me,' he interrupted, ringing the bell, 'Dinner has beeoon waitin an' unconsdiaonable time ; you shall toll me all afterwards.' Ifollowed him into the adjacent apart jpenrt, but before taking his placeat the table, he, addressing the dumb woman, said : ' Tell Miss.Latimer it is my wislh that she dines withhiia-to-day.. Shoe bout her heid, and, inemediately left uis. The, doctor did not speak again; ho stood irritably tapping his fingers against the back bf a chair, and 'galing" at the door. I, very little intereated, also silently awaited the advent of the woman thus commanded, rather than request'd, to fpvour us with her company. Almost liefoire'Leah mightstave been supposed to have delivered her message ? rustling- of silken skirts was healid, iamid i most beautiful girl entered the room with. a swift and yet half-angry grace. ' You haveo sent for me, sir,` and I have obeyed your order,' she said in a strangely disdainful voice as she confronted Dr. Malchi. -, ,,,. 'You are over, ohedient, Regina,' smiled my host ; but the tone of his voice, as well as hlie smile, was sitgularly mocking. ' Lot me present to you my adopted daughter, Miss Regina Latinior,' added, turning to me. 'Regina; you will, for my sake, I hope, honour this gentle man with your friefldship.' I hardly noticed the dexterous way in. which Dr. "Malchi had . overcome the difliculty of not addressing me by name. My eyes, my thoughts were wholly fixed upon the woman staidingb'eo'6reinb . I have said that she was beautiful, but how can I describe her rare loveliness? If I catalogue her starry midnight eyes, her wealLh of raven hair, her perfect features, lher peach.like complexion, her rounded figure, and her stately height, I' shall have drawn but a vague portrait of Regina Latimer. I cannot pourtray the misngled passion- and swaetness which lurked' in her dark orbs any more than I can the varying expression of hes haiightily beautiful face. Regina she wab indeed rightly named.' She was verily a queen amrongst women.. I s!ood looking almost stupidily at her for some moments after my host had taken his place, and not until he some what signiticantly bade me seat myself did I awake'to a seoso of my own un pardonable rudeness.' Deeply ashamed I aank into my allotted seat, and vainly strove to recover the composure I had so strangely lost. - Dr. ?Malchi discoursed as -fluently at dinner as lhe had at breakfast, but his witty pleasantries received but ecaut en couragement from either of his compan ions. Miss Latimer look:d more like a beautiful statue than a living woman.' She barely lifted her eyes from hler plate, and replied only in meonosyllables to the few remarks I dared address to.her, tOnce, and once only, did I see her glance towards me'o'and the momentary interest the glance betrayed mystified rather ithan flattered me-it was so strauge a blend :ing of actrnful 'curiosity cand .con t temptuous pity. 'I smarted as tiuchc -beneath it as if it had been an unexpected' t lash from n'a hidden whiip. Andl yotI felt that her contempt was not no hard to 1)aar I as her indifference would have hben. The doctor did not allude iii'aly 'way I to tihe extraordinary cironmstanco uisdor > which I had become and remained his. t guess. I wondered how much, or how, little, Miss Latimer knew of my singulier history. Perhaps -- and tile sudden thought made my cheeks irigled-she re. garded me as some adventueor wh hiead successfully imposed upon her adopted father's credulity. If so, shab .imight I indeed consider me wortliy only. of'lier contempt.. I would, IIinwardly resolved, take the first opportunity thlt prebsetted itself to banisli such a suspicion from her t mind. I was not, at all events, a willing t impostor; I was onlyi the victim!of a s frightful mental metamorphnais. She would believe. nmy repudiation of any willingly-practised deceit. ' She wboul be sorry for' inme. Her lovely, 'disdainful eyes would grow humid and pitiful. Hier haughty lips woueld tremble a little' with r unspoken sympathy, and her sweet com passion .would make me forget the cause I which had given it birth. The dumb woman waited upon us, at dinner. Almost before the simplestt want was expressed, sho deftly comprfeheded and relieved it. 'Shei fully, indeed, deserved the high oncomiums her master bhd passed upon her, but, for my part, I vwould havo.proferred being waited upon .'by a more ,common-place.. nd less ghost. a like attendant. Directly dinner" wass over, Miss Latimer, with a cold hbow, left r the doctor and ins alone., : 'I will send our. friend. to .you presently,' said Dr. Malchi, 'as elie~jswept Spast his chair; 'you will give him a Oup [ of coffee, willyou inot?' . ' ' Shes bowed a little more coldly, if peo-. a sible, and without voachsafing a!word or t glance to me, as I stood holding tlhe deor oped. for her to paseout, shoe pritored hile Sroom I lhad been shown into before idin . ner. . . ! I somewhat reluctanily returned.to iny seat. Why.could I not have followed her at once 1' Why. muit I go. through Ithe farce of pretondling to listen .with in terested attention any longer to Dr. a Malehi's gossiping tilttl.'tiittle I ilepa e tiently thought, greatly disparagmin tie r spiarkle said orispice's if' the "aforesaid Stittletattle. Presently tho doctor, pac Sing one of tile decanters to mUe, brbaclied Sthe subject of riy morning's 'quest. 'No success as yet?' he goptly.i ter 5rogated. : I briefly told him thsat lhad failed t;i 1 interview the cabnean, but hoped to do so etfoye aslept, or at least, I added, (mnind Sfol of the pro?.ised cup of coffee to be a drank in Miss Latimner's presence, ond :of the conversation which might po.eibly be Y afterwards enjoyed), if not thalt night, early the next morning. ' Ale, I am an early riser, aid if youd ? pelect to-morrow morning for your visit to lParadiso:terrace, I will, if you will allo?w Sme, accompauy uuso' pourtoopsly volun-' f teered my host.. 'Thanks heartily,' I gratefully replied 'I shall, indeed, be glad of your' com~r pany.' A knock at the door heralded the ap. ppropgh .of Lonh with a letter for her master. With a brief apology re opeond and read it. 'Is ihe messenger waiting, Loahl ?' he asked, She bent her head aesentingly. 'I must, I am afraid, see him,' said the doctor, turning to me. 'If you grow tired of waiting my return,' he added, 'you can find your way into the drawing room, anrd improve your acquraintance with lMins Latimer.' -My". liyi?rt lbeat very fast at the prospoct: of'a cto a fete with the glorious girl who hliad thought me only worthy of her con temptuousoompassion * but I'bowed and iriu'rmured' eomineo nintelligible words of regret coicerriing. t?he doctor's' eiforced withdrawal, and my pleasure in acceding to hir kind saggestion. t As soon as decency would permit -me nftortrh'edoctoir's bank wiatnurnred, I be tiok myself with trombling excitement to the 'room "already ' ociili?id bly Miesa Latirirer, She was idly reclining in a low velvet chair. She did not seem conscious of my approach, being apparently ahb. sorbed in deep thought. I jealously wondered of wlrho or what she was thinking.. I, suppoio. sRhe became aware of nry prdteoce by some mesmerio influence," for: she. looked up wvith a radidnt'stuiloe which made her for the. moment liveli-r than ever, and set all myp!rlsesewildly throbbing. I bhavr 'ben exiaectinrg you,' she said, witlh unlookedfor friendliness of manner. '.Please ring theo-oll, and-I will give you shoim coffolie.' . -.: .. . J did as requested, and then, at her in vitation, seated myself opposite her. The ubiquitous Leah appeared with the coffee, but as soon ao she handed me my cup, she withdrew and left us alone. ' Miss Latimer,' I said, very hurriedly, for I feared the doctor's entrance every moment, '1 do not know if my very good friend Dr. Malchri has anade you ac quaintoed with all the facts of my most ex traordinary' awakening under his hostit able roofthis morning. Has he told you that I have lost all- remembrance of my piast life--ye, oven of' my own identity,. my narte, ,my--? 'Ho has told me everything,' slie in terrupted, almost sadly ; and then, fixing .er bright eyes very' eariestly upon me, shle ased 'COaninot 'you account for your o.n mlntal void jin any way , I will account for it,' I said very quietly ; but whether that explanation will come under the head of some, new and, save in my case, hitherto unknown' mental disease, or whether I have been the victim of some unprincipled-wizard I was going to say, Miss Latimor, but as the age of wizards has passed away, I will .ey rogu,instead-l1 knoiw not. My memory will of courso cone back to me.' ' It will never come back,' she said: in a low thrilling whisper ;'if you",do not oeek for iit, seek. for it with unceasing -earnestness.' I glaniced "at lher a littli surprised at tie auppreessed passion irinhor voice, but selo quickly:recovered herordinary calm nes: a t. 'I moan,' she ;explaiped, fluttering a large crimsoni fin to and fro,-' that if you wish to regain it, you~nuiet-not of-'cogurs bedaunited ~iyany obstacles in your path. Yoi 'tri t be patient, but above all, !you mus,: be earne?t ilryoaur sear-rh." ' Dear Miss Latimer,: I said, smiling a little;' you noednot fear] the waning of rny perevoerance or my patieneo. I would put an eun to my existence to-night rather .than idreurin miany liourai l?dgeor in my griase!t terraiblo .1.i.tion , ( ': Sb iseotitibmed if about to s'peni, and then, suddenly .ltering liar mind, allowed a faint sigh, insteadrto escape her parted lips: " x s ; . As 1 sipped my coffee I talked to her of the way in which I purposed setting about my quest. Slte listened very attentively, but did not make any com Imenit. After a moment or two I des. cribed to her my weary and fruitless wandernrgs of the morning, and she Ssmiled at my recitalhwith a.radiant com. Spassion; Cot d.) r (_Tdr beonliaupd.) 