SPORTING. Rapid Fire, by the Assyrian-Volley, is now being trained by J. Munro. This trainer has also a very promising year ling by Robinson Crusoe out of Aurora in hand. The Tasmanian cross-country horsa Cam perdown, by Torchlight, has joined J. O'Loughlin's teamI . In connection with the V.A.T.C. meeting of 25th inst., Camperdown has been nominated for the Handicap Hurdle, R?pidFireand Elland for the Cambria Plato and Purse, and Ouida. for the Steeple chase. At Sandown Park to-day, Camperdown (10st)is entered for the Hurdle;Rapid Fire (7at 51b) in the June and Sandown Park Handicnps. In the latter event, one mile, he carries 7et. Touching upon the T.R.C. Grand National entrics the Victorian sporting scribe " Ribbleden" expresses his prefer. ence of the following batch for the Hurdle -Satyr, Ellnod, Dillon, Bolton, Fire King, Royalist, Westminster, Porcius, Pioneer, and Busaso. In regard to the Steeple, he fancies the winner may spring from Busaco, Freeman, Schoolboy, Boulevard, Ouida, Confidence, Sir Wilfred, Jack's the Lid, Macduffs or Torrent. "Ouida," writes the same scribe," has seretal steeple thases to heir credit in Tasmania, oAd, on form, she has a better chance than Medi cine, who is in everybody's mouth. At the Launceston meeting Ouida, with 2st the worst of the weights, ran third to Medi cine and Camperdown in the Steeplechase. The difference in weight now is 91b only, and unless Medicine has made extraordi nary improvement he cannot be regarded as pitchforked into the handicap." The Australasian sporting editor has not a very exalted opinion of Rapid Fire's qualifications judging from the following : -" In the Epsom Handicap Gladstone stood out like a Triton among the minnows. The Tasmanian tepresrntative Rapid Fire, a full brother to the worthless Wildfire, was put about as a good thing, but altkiugh lie got off well, and was always prominent, he had not the ghost of a chance with Gladstone, who wave him 2n t and a good drubbing. Ral il Fire can hardly be regarded as a wonder The fact that the jockey had been wa, inc to get down to the proper weight was put forward as an excuse for Rapid Fire's defeat; but in any circumstance I doubt if the result would have been different." Mr Douglas Baird's colt Martagon, who won the Gold Vase at the Royal Ascot meeting, which commenced in England on Tuesday, was a very good performer as a three-year-old. He ran second to Signorina for the Lancashire Plate of £8971 153. Orme being third, and the French filly Alicante fourth. Another performance of MartaZon was a second in the Koscpton Park Jubilee Stakes, of 2650 soa, run in May, 1891, when Colonel North's famous horse Nunthorpe won. He also ran second to Bel Demonia in the Empress Stakes, a handicap of 930 sovs, while he failed to get a place in the Hardwicke Stakes, of 2412 sorees, when L'Abess de Jouarre won. Thessalian, who ran second for the Gold Tase, had not much of a record last season, but Clarence, who ran third, won races from the beginning of the seasoa to the end. He won the Sefton Plate at Liverpool in March, the Wigaton Plate at Leicester in April, the Zetland Stakes at York in April, the Knowsley Nursery Stakes at Liverpool in November, while on two or three other occasions he gained a place. Watercress, who won the Prince of Wales Stakes, only ran once as a two-year-old, and (states an exchange) failed to get amongst the first three, the race being the Rous !emorial Stakes at Newmarket in October. Tanzmeister (' Dancingmaster"), who was second, won a couple of races last season, while Pen sioner, who was third, did not win a race last season, though he started several times,. 