LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: I NTER?ATIONAL COYFIOT5 Dr 080AR PARK, CHAPTER XX. A CAPITOLATIOO, ' Am I expected to say that Mr. Mowbray's p. Ileoet between the departure of Mr. Burdilk and *e second appearance of Dormsen were of a very humiliating and painful nature? Thes I must diuppoint an expectation so little jtiled by an c:urate understanding of this gentlman's character. le very quickly flounderd through the rather noisome bog in which the American had left him sticking, and speedily reached ground irm enough to bear his weight. Hoy had saved the gi ding, and, indeed, had added to it arsh layer, wtieh, if not as thick an one as be had hoped to se, was yet immeasurably better than to have the old gilding stripped entirely away. What if e had failed to overreach Mr. Burdick? That was a mere incident. What it he bhad failed to marry his daughter to the man of his eholoo I He coled chew that impudent young cub's father that he could get on very well with., oat the support of Tho ndon and Son. What if he was about to est his own words to Dormsen , It would be strengtif with hie mastery of words he could not juggleso effectually as to make that young man see tbatthe earlier interview had been. nothing more than a trial of the strength of his purpose and persistlce. And at the worst John Wolsy Mowbray, b?refected, must still to ninety. nineene-hundredthbif the universe present unim- I pimr the impsin?i gure of a terrene god encased In sining metal. ii Ob, no I Whle I: would haveys been a stisfaction without alloy to hli reached his goal by his own path, set be hadome so perilously near being compelled or tam back altogether, that his dominent emotionspeedily became one of seul. tation that he Duld have got so far without disster. The haudt of a lifetime are not to be so easily disconcerted; There is more bigotry in self. worhip than in ry other form of devotion. Pre. serve the subetae and the incidents will gept themselves harmaied somehow or other. In fact, now that Mr. Mebray came to think it all over, hebegan tofanc:Mat he had really hoodwinked Mr. Bordick ver? cleverly. Indeed, too, he had quite made up hsimind to have nothing more to do with the Tindone. father and son both, which would be tite s.iciently galling to them ; aid now that h, was asured by a disinterested person that Doesen was possesed of both good birth and monehe should have probably himself selected that ylggentleman a suitablehusband for his daughter if for no other reason because it would be wornwod to the Thorendons. Thus emy aid simple its for one, who worships with his whole soul, lesot alone augment such virtu as his idol has, ~ to impose upon is other virtue i which it hasest. "I am intfeeed that you wish to a me, Mr. Mowbray," aM Dormoen, as be entered that gentleman's dtting. room a msend time this evening. "Ab, ys, f. Deomasn Will you kindly IS eated. Afteryo had left me some time ago\'1' began to ferl had been somewhat abrupt. i wil confes paself, my dear sir, that the smdret urn of youremmuaniation and its nature weet -oansidering my ignornce of your claims npo my attentiot-,ech a could not fail to receiv from a fatter, whose frst thought is for hit daughter's h ae if not a distinct refum such a m ed tons of no.emoonragemen' would negiie may presumption of acquiesce 1o on my part %ihost absolutely destroying hope 1. your, untill oald make certain inquiries matter of eoiendble precaution." ChristophrD ae' knowledge of the En lishongue vy greatly improved in the pa winter, butl bad yet to learn what could k done with when the effort was fairly madt. However, thigh he could not himself have framec thee seatea, yet he caught their purport very clearly. "Am I t derstand, Mr. Mowbray, that you did not inta, a short time ago, to distinctly and astlly refue`me your consent I" Mr. Mouwy opened his eye very widely. How surprised - was that any such interpretation could be It on his earlier words. "Oh, by no means Mr. Dormaenl'" And then he toughtt itaell to be facetious, and he smiled in quite aspnfldential and engaging way. "Ah, my dcar youg friend, when I was at your age such sn interprttion would have been the very last tist my wan duires would have suffered me to ,ot upon ktgnage dictated solely by a father's 'or:dly p4nce and that affection which shrinks f:om partn with a beloved object Ab," he cncu :onod,l~o' gginto the fire with a meditative gaze, "1 anm nd -fashioned gentleman, Mr. Dorumsn, :r yin 'ce I cannot entertain the subject of the , i.poeal ol'y daughter's hand without a pang." There wed reasons why Dormen did not care to sast antydible reply to thess-proofs, shall we .'ell thed of a parent's singleness of affection, : Et be ?ild with great truth usare Mr. Mow. Sray that e rejection of his suit-for so he had ut.derstoolit-had only postponed his purpose not merwhelldtit. "I supposed your language ad. o;itted oftll oee cotruction, Mr. Mowbray, but 1 can ast! yo0 It did not dishearten me." "I mublighted to hear that assurance of the Sst?ngrth otar attachment, Mr. Dormoen. The ardour of the young is always an attractive in'ject of snutemplation to those whose hearts age hu robb of impetoous fire, though giving in exchnrgperhbape a more generouns depth of motion.uao; something in your manner when yen leftoy room prompted me to usk myelf whethberlhad not possibly impressed an element of firalifapon my words, which it wu far from my prpet toimply. You have affected me very agereab, 'ir. Dormeen, in the few times we have or but I could not do otherwise than at l'a't afI indiference to your proposals until I voold !as that my daughter, Clara, should regard tLe mot * with at least not dirfavour, and that in o mor~e rldly point of view the consummation feuabeh engagement wearld be likely in all rerspetek seore her future habeppine; and her hapicrd, Mlr. Dormeen, I do not need to remind Sou. is l I haveto live for." . "The am I to gather from what yo msy now .o we. Er. Mowbray, that cince I left thi room yu hsIatisiled yourself upon there two polnte I" , A ell--not-I should say-wsll yes, vir. tcully, m. Dotmreeno, virtually. I should not "Touwaut forgive my Interrupting you, Mr. orbray. to say that what I have reqluested of ·w iv eour permission to ask Miss Mowbray to \- mr refe. Ido not wi.h nyone to plead my c'leu ith her or to bring any influenee to beer pon he." There wma a very conscious distrust oIf ateelder gentleman in his mind, which romped thiscuggesion. And the limitation which it int to his own action brought a throbof dis tres tC:; it. Nowbroy. Suppoe, Clara, left to hIrvelliahoild decline this offler, where would he b.; fHowever, there was nothing left now hut to secept the situation as it was offered to him, asd he bored with ome degree of offended majesty as he went on, " I was about to say, when you interrupted me and, uas yon will ee, withost cue, Mr. Dormean, that I shbould not have rIalled you but for the fear which pmressd npeon me that you might have interpreted my words too harshly, and might be auffering from diesppisteUnt. Urbappily for one in thin rather relfsh age," he continued in a tose of p.'ntl and selamcholy rebuke, " I am so Nn. dtie~l'onstiututed that any suffering or pali whiI aeuselieve oempels my instant cane ad attenleS. At therisk, therefore, of being thouaght by yaevea whima?ical and of changeetful purpes, I cold not ret without sending for you to.night and ifiormlng you that there is no lonpr say objedionPae yprttoyour addreeing mydsaughtie. The ast, of soarse, must lie witb her." Jp could Doreren do otherwisee tha erpesm in ?gjeol thanks somelUiog of the joyous relied he ife, a when be want to his room do otherwles thanls awake half the night contemplating ths mnorowl Tnb Isue did not justify the fthter' ?t??iatis la view of a still posible diastr,aid he ~hahly sever came quite so near loring hiL danhsr a when she cams to him on the follow. Ing day ith happy face and heart of gladam, and hsevwthatall was welL IHehadalow of alldestion in well-doing, the like of which had b1ealeag an unknown censation. As Mr. B. dcklad predictd he" felt guod"* And he continued to "feerl pod" He eontitat toifeelgood"'lothis day It i not in his nature, indeed, to feel otberwice i hip lfe laetl. while he tre?p what he hbse and h1. In~arition remrnio, of mv.lent erangteh to criwn he 'rm!ptl with -or shIlprrs lin it will bI In el, noe werld into which John Wtolsery bloelr'a's ,eol will g the worshippers it does net become the simple chronicler to hazard a conjecture. We may be sur, however, that by a wellhguarded provision of his will and testament, the monument to be here after erected to his earthly remains will contain an inscription which will comfort his disciples to thelast generation, and forever pre'ent to their ripe imaginations a picture of their idol fltating on golden cload., and always "feeling good." Strict truth, however, compels aie to state that he felt best when, on the first of the following month, he realised that a very handsome sum lhad been paid into Tharndon and Son, bankers, on his acount, that his maturing bills hail been promptly met, and that he was considerably richer than he ever had been before, lie also "felt good," very good, when he transferred his balance to another house. IHe " felt good" when he gave his daughter a very handeume wedding, and when he read the accounts of it afterwards in the morn. ing papers. These are the things which go to make up the charm of life, over which one can think long and deliciously, which are delightful in anticipation, delightful in the moment of action, and delightful in retrospect-to some people. As for Percy Thorudon, he received, as La ''drifted along back towards Paris," a letter from Mr. lBrdick, which held not only a very great nurprise for him, but offered no temptation to drift back to Rome again. A note from Miss Mowbray had already reached him, not those few impolive lines, written under the first stress of her indigna. tion, but a more reasonable, prudent, and more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding. But Clara Mowbray was as frank as he had begged her to be, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep on towards England. Then came this communication from Mr Bar. dick, which I give nearly rerbatim, making no apology for its length, and only wishing I could also reproduce the chirography. "My dear Thorndon," it began, " I hope you are not still looking for Marconti, because you are not likely to find him. 1H has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even these ridiculous Roman aqueducts would be popular, I want to fnish with him fret and have done with him for good and all, so I will tell you how it happ:nel. we went back to Capri. His friends will say that he repented of what he had done and went back to resone Darmsen. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between you ant me there is no need to discuse his motives. Well then, he went back. lie prowled up to the Tim. berio. It was night and moonlight. lie got as far as that little eate, you remember, that I broke open-.and standing there alone with his own soul he heard a step, turned round and saw Christopher Dormsen just behind him. It was enough to frighten him, wasn't it! Well it did. Itfrighsted him er that he fell against that little gate, which-let me remind you once again-I had happilyleft rather weak, and down he went about a thousand feet. So the devil got him at his own price. That doesn't round nice and polite, does it ? Never mind I Sometimes I don't want to be nice and polite. But about Christopher Dormsen's gbhot. Ah., my dear Thorndon, I think I hear yon mutter, 'What do I care for the crazy fancies of that wretch ' But it wasn't Christopher Dormsen's ghbat, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen himself. Now your disgust turns to me and yeo my, 'This man has had Dormsen on the brain for the past two months, and is the real madman after all.' Well, all I can ay is, if I am wrong about it, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London,and you will have a chance to satisfy yourself by the evidence of your own senses, and I will do you the justice osmy, that I know no man less likely to be deceived, when he really sees a thing, than Perey Zhorndon. "No I the man you and I found looked astonish. ingly like Christopher Dormsen-wasw Christo. -ber Dormsen's twin brother but was not b'hristorher Dormen. lIe deceived Maronti un fcotnately, but that was not so very remarkable ".asse Mleroonti hat not seen the otner often. deceived uq, probably because we only saw him . that dying condi:ion and were predisposed to 'rev it was the man we knew, though am not .:1 prepared to say that we could have told them if we had seen them both alive and well. as einuolar mistakes as that have happened 'efers. o leally the most remarksble thing aboet it i. , that we none of us knew that Dormeen hab i brother. It was just one of thle strange cince that do occur (and yet are so 'trange that we crl: them miraculous), that thel, had been no ocncaion for Dormen to mentin that fact. When I spoke to him of this, Ihi thought that of caourse he had mentioned his brother, oat i1 trcth he had not to any one of us. They hal ben in Rome to,ether, and then separated tu meet again later, but I will tll you all tiae details wihn I see you in London. I am not good at writing letters, and this is a longer one than L ever remember writing in my life before. "There is one thing more, though, that I ought to Eay more about. Miss Mowbray and Darmsen are, as is veryright and proper, engaged to be mar ried, and are as happy a pair of simple lovers a? you wou!d care to e. I know you will be a glad of it as I am, especially since (I mention this because you care so much for these things over here) he is tip-top socially, and has money enough to give her a new gown every day in the year if she wants it, so the old gentleman can squander his wealth in silver mines, or the New York Stock Exchange, if he chooses to, without I hur.ing her in the least. " DIrmwn is writing yes himself to thank you for what you did for his brother, but he is not likely, under the circumstanees, to mention this other matter, so I have. He is a rather sensitive fellow, by the way-and-well-seo here I-it will do him a lot of good if you will my, when you answer his letter, that you have heard of his engagaement, and you rery heartily and sincerely congnrattle him. I know yoia'll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again ; but then again, you see, I know you wouldn't be likely tldo it if I didn't mention it, becauose it naturtally wouldn't occur to you. Andthen I know your heart isn't breaking." As msatter of fact Percy Thoradon became en* raged the next seaon to a lady who had been heard to declare-ta an intimate lady friend of course-that the only married life which seemed to her to be in any way tolerable, would Ibe one where tre husband and wife shoald require a fresht introduction to each other every morning. We may assume, therefore, I think, that fate i or impudent intermeddling-had for once resulted in making four young hearts happy, insted of lering two to misery, I otieo man, you have ten comnug to my house i ol,,t every night during the whole winter, and now all it once ycou become cool, and hardly speak to my daocbter. What does all this meiru? Explaiin our. self " Tice yonng man hesitated, and finally ail in a seared sort of way: "1-1 camie to your house during the winter, becausre- " " Young man, if you love my daughter, come out and s so,." " I cance tbecaucc -because I had no store io?n y reolor, nu I santed to get warmn." "You can juot go to--toe lhere it is hot without a store," and the yocng man picked him self up out on the sidewalk. Trll Fos?llo. Is Joso.-The plumber joke icet ting a little out of season, bhut it may be packed in camphor iand will te in style when the freezes comno again. T'lie roller skate joke is very popultar antd is worn on all occasions, either with or without trinl ming. Thte rich editor joke does not appear to pall upon the taste. It is quiite becoming when worn with pseementerie edging. Spring poetry jokes are undergoing a revival and are quite the au irit in rsdere-e circle.. With a waste tbasket oversirt may be worn eitllher morning or evening in the house. The young'-man-nnd-girl's-rpa joke holds its own. and is really one of the inoest popular and fashionable seen in polite sociey. The mule jobe is relegated to the comnmoner classes, and tay really be called "old fashioned." It is sh in favour in the rural districts, and seems destined to continue so for several years. Tih very- angry-wife-at.three-o'clock in'the morning joke is not in such favour as ormerly, but still many nsiet upon making it part of theirdaily wear. The liver pad joke has almost din appeared. Ocesionallyv, however, it may be seen tied in witlt a knot of ribbon quite prettily. Te holinet plitician joke is too decolti to be popular. If cut high In the neck it might reign for a brief season. 'The sleeping policemcan joke had many friends and bade fair to become courtly in its style, but it lacked tone and fell into line with ordinary styles. n'uts are ppular with all clases. They may be worn m ban , and in an infinite ariely of rays. The boarding-house pie, hch or gum U~;ho steak joke enjoys a periodical renaioeance and setms to retain its original lustre. When m ade ipl prlerly it is still a favourite. The young-husland-paregorc joke may be worn on evening toccasions, nod is not altogether out ofstyle. The falshions in othir lines continue about the same as per last r.fPrt. Of course.with new demands come new yupphes, and though tslere tis nothing entirely new, the old Ithin sre so artstieasllr worked over i ht they pas. ite readily for org'nal desipgs.- s?rcrFt5 rate* 