An Ode To The Modern Walts. 'Tis a kind of mild gyration, 'Tis the "Military Waltz A sort of ntarehc f timbre, mixed With some very sudden halts, As your partner, vainly striving To revolve, is forced to stop ; And your manly arm is aching1, And you're nearly fit to drop ; While the moments arc so melting, And yon can't account at all, For the ponderous persistence Of the "Fairy " of the hall Her weight is hut a trifle, If she steps upon the scale ; She looks so like a Zephyr That you crowd on every sail With a feeling of elation, With a consciousness of power, You go, for twenty yards at least, At forty knots an hour ; But a deadly drag is on you. And, alas ! your dream is false, For you find you have to wrestle With the "Military Walt z !'' This Waltz, which isn't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures, Looking somewhat " ready-made " As they zig-zag, slide and shuttle. Turn round twice, and then appear As if they "really had to slop," They felt " so very queer." Where is the old-time waltzing P And the waltzers, where are they ? Hero's a lady fair I waltzed with Twenty years ago to-day, " We'll try a turn for ' auld-lang-syno :' ' She smiled, and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing was a charm ; Her form was somewhat solid. Yet her step was light as air ; As we floated round the room, I, Thus, apostrophised the fair : " This is (ho good old waltzing-, Thus in tho days of yore, Our steps beat time to th' music, On many a festive floor ; I could whirl for hours together. For your waltzing is just divine ; Aud you weigh like the ghost of a fca (her, Which I reckon a gracious sign That your style is correct and none oilier:" Then she sighed, as she told of a youth, Who said that" she waltzed like his mother ! " And he possibly spoke the truth. FRANK MOItLEY | HIWLMI —III !! II Ml I ! I — I Ill — I WTnTTTri I III I1W What the Unskilled Applauded.— Lee B woman whoso sole gift ties in a voice of unusual compass, force out the Ct or F of the lower oofcive until it becomes more like the groaning of an invalid than a musical tone, or let her squc-ak out the F in the third ledger line nntil it sounds as beautiful as the cry of a pet lap dog on whoso toes some one has stepped, and it will suffice to fill the hall with enthusiastic plaudits. Another songstress, who may be able to sing the simplest melody without giving one the oramps, and whose warmth approaches the temperature of a Canadian iceberg, will perhaps display a flexibility of voice to rival that of an Instrument, When she sets up her fireworks and rookets in the form of scales, in sixteenths, and pierces one's tympanum with her infernal trills, with awful persistency and without taking breath, we may rest assured that the barquet will spring up from its seat and howl in ecstacy. And still another singer may have the idea that declamatory expression, or emphasis, let it be oorreot or falBe, but at all events strikingly exaggerated, constitute all of tbe dramatic music ; that these qualities properly enjoy tbe priveleges of superseding beauty of tone, time and rytbm ; that they fully suffice to replace tbe real contents, muaioal form, melody tempo and key. To fill the exaggerated demands of such bom bastic, high flying, affeoted and conceited style, he assumes the right of taking un warranted liberties with most imgortani works. Yet, if he brings this system of play before a certain public, he may be assured that tbe moBt lively and honest entbuiasm will reward him, beoause he has murdered a great master, destroyed a masterpiece, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a noMa passion. The Public Letter Writer.— The scrivan still exists in Home, although with the spread of eduoation and the public school bis raoe is nearly ran. This one before us is a fine-looking old map, with kindly eyes and benevolent expression, which tyins conscience at onoe, both from the peasant girls who somes to him to writo a love letter, and from her lucky swain as well, who &ko; seeks : his aid, both to read the letter and pen the reply. Italian letters are not like English ones, full of news and pergonal items, but fervent epistles, replete with fusion and sentiment and a plentiful supply pf exclamation marks. But in the moinent in which we come upon the serivano , it is' not with girl or lover that he is engaged, but'ail old woman, seemingly older even than himself, a veritable old witch who, bent over, and with one hand helping her ear, is listening with all the concentra tion while her old faoalties are oapable of, while the serivano reads aloud to her the letter she had submitted to him. Who can realise how precious those written words may be to the listening woman for without donbt they tell her of her ohildren far away, the boy or the girl or both, whom years ago she used to watch while at play in the square or by the fountain, and who now, in distant olimes, are struggling to gain a;Iivcii- hood in some strange land where all is in bitter contrast to the light and warmth of 'cara Roma." Field-marshal the Buke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, spent all the early years of liis life at Han over, where his father acted as Viceroy uulil 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. lie is Bomewhat of a martinet, and speaks English with a very strong German accent. He is a tall, finely built old man, with white hair and whiskers, an apoplectic neck, and a rubi cund face which shows traces of good living. His manner, when not storming at delinquent soldiery, is bluff, frank, and hearty. lie is fond of good cigars, good dinners, pleasant company, and a nap after and even during his meals. The only time when ho had the opportunity of displaying his prowess oil a battle-field was in the Crimea, where lie showed great pluck personally, but lost bis bead fcompletely as a leader. He has bad many love-affairs, wbicli culminated in a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown tosociety, but by whom he has had a numerous family. Two of his sons, the Colonels Fits- George, form part of his official staff, while another of his boys, Captain Fitz-George, of the lloynl Navy, has distinguished himself in the sister service. He is a good son, and never lets a day pass without walking around to St. James's Palace to spend half an hour with his old mother, the venerable Duchess of Cam bridge. He is very sensitive to newspaper criticism, and was rcosntly much distressed at being lampooned for having appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over his head to keep off the pelting rain. Prof- Fischer, Of Erlangen, has discovered that the olfactory nerve is able to detect the presence of 1-2,7(10.000 of a grain of mercap- tan. if " mcrcaptan " is another name for Yarra Yarra, the professor's discovery will surprise no one who is intimately ac quainted with the robust flavor of that "silvery stream." " The water of the so-called medical lal'e near Spokane is so charged with certain salis that it is like lye, and is used in making soap. When tbe wind blows tbe waves soon make soapsuds of the water, the froth, or , lather, piling in ra along the shore Nevertheless, this is no ' lie." 