BAPTIST MISSIONS CENTENARY. SERMON BY THE REV. W. WHALE Yesterday being the centenary of the Baptist missions, the Rev. W. Whale, of the City Tabernacle, during the morning service look occasion to refer to the event. Mr. Whale took for his text the Acts of the Apostles xxviii., 28-31, moro especially the 28th verse, " Be it known there- fore unto you that the salvation of God is sent unto the Gentiles, and that they will hear it." Ho said the Acts of the Apostles was an incom- plete book-a book whioh was intended for con- tinuation all through the centuries. If they looked into the Bible they would soo that tho law was complete, It was a sort of self oontainod revelation, the adaptations of whioh were to be continued, but pot the law. As a revelation it was complete. So it was with the prophets and tho samo might bo said of the Gospel. It was a completed Gospel ; I so much so-was that true that John par- ticularly told them that those things which woro written wero sufficient for the pur- pose-"That wo might believe on His name, and believing might have life," and at the end of the book of tho Revelations thero were the solemn words, "If any man Bhall add to the prophecy of this book God shall add unto him tho plagues that are written in this book." The centonary of Baptist inissiorirwork was what they had to do with that day, foe it was a hundred years to the very day since a few ministers mel in tho house of Mrs. Vyallaoe, atlKettering. They mot on the 2nd October, 1792, and formed then and there what'ia now tho Baptist Missionary Society, the Baptist sooiety for the propagation of the Gospel among tho heathen. From that day to tho present it had been a record of events which would find a place in tho book of the acts of the Apostles. He could imagino, then, Ibat such a man as Paul, the apostle of the Scntiles, would road the record of these 100 years with an unspeakable delight, for ho could say " Christ is preached.""* This book, then, as Paul puts it in the Ephesians, is a great mis- sionary report right from Pentocost onwards. Ho referred to the conversion of Paul and his subsequent mission labours, showing that wo likewise, on conviction by the Holy Ghost that Jesus of Nazareth was the Christ, should be willing to confess hopefully and joyfully that we wero His disciples, and should follow up this confession by ontcring into sympathy with His purposes, imitating His character, and seeking to make Him to others what He had already become to us-namely, the Christ, the Saviour. The whole of Christianity sub- stantially was thus to recogniso in Christ God's own Anointed, to openly own Christ Jesus, and to identify ourselves with Him and then to tako up the mission and purpose for which Christ carne, "For as the Father sent me even so send I you." So it was that those early disciples oarriod the glad tidings of salva- tion wherever they went, and helped a fallen world to know God. Tho preacher spoke of the great persecution and opposition that tho pioneer missionaries encountered about the time of Christ, and it was not asking too much to claim that they were veritablo heroes. Through tho centuries until now that vork had been cairiod on, sometimes uith maiked success. In the la5t century George Whitfield and the brothers Wesley had carried on the woik with great zeal, and organised thoir forces thoroughly. Other churches felt the wave of power and took wider mows of God's purpose, for whilst Whitfield and Wesley kept to the English-speaking sinners Carey became an apostle to the many- tongued population of India. It v,aBonly right to mention the names of Wesley and Whitfield. Ho could go farther back, and show that wc should not havo bad these names without others that had gone before. Wo should not have had Lutber but for Wickliffe, and wo should not havo had many other great men in the English Hcformation but for Wickliffe and Luther. Wo should not have had Carey but for Whitfield and Wesley. Whitfield died when Carey was about ten years old. Wesley Masstill living, and bo died just about the timo of the origination of this mis- sionary scheme. Wesley had been for fifty years at least in connection with hiscoadjutois working up the íevival of the last century which began principally and waa carried on until his death by George Whit- field. The Baptists wero among the last to feel it. In 17P4 Mr. Hartley, a Baptist, proposed that they should consecrate a portion of the timo in prayer for the spread of the Gospel among the heathen. That was eight years boforo tim formation of the society. The Baptist Sooloty-'was tho first amongst modern sooiolie3 torsond the Gospel to tho heathen. It was-thé blossoming forth'»into power and fruitiulnbis of'tho prayers of eight years, whioh word ir£ tufa but the reflex action of the evangelistic",fervour of Whitfiold' and Wesley during tho twenty or thirty years pre- ceding. The Baptist Society, formed 2nd October,. 1792, was tho first in modern missions. The missions claimed tho world for Christ; that was the starting point. "Go yo into all tho world aud preaoh the Gospel," so ran the order of tho gro.it Captain. The prople of modern 'timo3 knew a largor world than the apostle know. Tho Medi- terranean and the Straits of Gibraltar were not tho limitations of their world. Tho words of his text referred to Romo. Paul was thora in Romo, and Bome was in touch with Britain, and Jeiusalern was in touch with Palestine, Egypt, India, and Ohina. There woro evidences that the apostolic work spread very quiokly into those countries where missionary work was now being dono under the auspices of the modern missionary society. Carey's work was a revival of the apostolio zeal; then other nobb vvorkors had entered into China and India, and the Islands of the Pacifio, in fact ramifications of missionary enterpriso were now almost universal. From the . rising of tho sun to tho going down of tho same, the namo of Jesus was made known. God has raisod up a noblesuccession of men and women for this work. The heroes did not all live in the apostolio times ; thore was a lialo about tho earlier records and tho prominence that belonged to the Sacred Boripture was given to them, but ho would be a bold man who attempted to provo that tho ohurohes of tha apostolic age wore intrinsioally bettor than the ohurohes of the 19th century. Human nature then was much the same its it was now. Notwithstanding tho difficulties and drawbacks of our time, ho wai convinced there was heroism, self-sacrifice, and enthusiasm being manifested at this very moment in connection with tho cause of Christ equal to that which was manifested by any martyr or apostlo in any age of the church. After naming a numbor of the moat celebrated modern missionaries, ho said thoro wero few nobler records than the Coomber family in connection with tho Baptist Society. He roforred to the noble servioos rendered by missionaries, not to the Churoh only, but to tho whole world. Thoy had been amongst the best explorers ; they had invented signs to represent the sounds of language ; thoy had given not only tho Sorip tures but dictionaries and vocabularies, and introduced the industries and arts of peace; in heathen lands they had sot to work to raise tho heathen -to manli- ness and godliness. Would to God, said tho preacher, that commoroial purposes had not interfered with this missionary work. Ho believed that if tho missionary wero given a fair chance, with a good long spell of power to provent tho introduction of 'some of those ovils whioh in the interest of so-called commerce had been introduced, the notions would be much better than they wore ; but the introduc- tion of the opium ourse into China and other places, and of tha drink ourse into Africa, and the way it had been thrust upon the people, wo3 one of the saddest blot3 on the his- tory of so-called civilisation. That day, 2nd October, 1892, they revered the names of those who in past years had gone out for tho glory of Jesus Christ, and had been persecutod and opposed in every way; many of them had suffered martyrdom for the cause of Christ. The blood of the martyrs had been the seed of the Churoh. In conclusion he pointed out that tho glories of eternity wero for those who aro saved, and these in turn become the saviours of others; Christ had said, "Inasmuch as ye did it unto tho least of ono of theso yo did it unto Me." 