{Copyright.') SUNSHINE AFTER CLOUDS. By ax M.1X Author of " Under a Spell," " .Victoria Crross Valour," " Science and Sin," " In l^ove with a Gliost," " Condemned to Death," &c.;, Ac. CHAPTER XI. "and jrEr.AKCHor.T mahked him fob hf.b ome. With the lover's rapture, denominated by soma hardened rywio "a state of temporaiv lunacy, full on me, 1 took up my old quarters at my uncle's, and prepared to thoroughly ..iij>jo£ the hospitalities of London- in Etiiel's sweet socitfiyr-^jrliougii at this time of the year, the West End is euplipmist j - cally called empty, whirh means in other words that everybody with any pretence to ton and no pwtonco whatever to a long purse,puts up his front shutters and leads a miserable life in the hack rooms, yet 1 found 110 lack of friends who welcomed me home effusively and passed many compliments upon iny marvellously healthy appearance. Hut, whilst all my acquaintances rallied round tne with their congratulations, and thus helped materially to re-establish my confidence in myself, I was sur prised and even hurt at the callous manner in which my uncle treated the subject of my health. 1 could not fail to notice, the curl of sarcasm which fixed if self aiouiiil ilia ruoutii whenever lie overliear*3 a friend expressingliis pleasure at my altered ap pearance, and it seemed to convey to me a most distasteful meaning. It implied that my uncle either had no belief in my cure, or that he was con vinced that I should inevitably suffer a relapse. It was probably this rooted conviction of the incurability of my mental disease which prompted him to put off from day to day the interview I was desirous of having, in order to be made acquainted with the state of my affairs. He evinced the utmost HiiTianfT a^i iT manifested bis opposition by an testiness which used to be utterly foreign to his nature. To my prayers, entreaties,and urgings, he r turned nothing but evasive replies, until I at last drove him into a corner by saying that I was tired of bis excuses,aud should forthwith take the advice of a solicitor. Then he showed some slight emotion, lectured me upon the ingratitude of consulting a stranger in preierence to a near relative, who could have no other object at heart than my welfare, and begged me to rest content with my present position for a mouth or two longer, by which time his observation would enable him to decide whether he would support or oppose my claim to manage my own property. The coolness of the request stung , me beyond endurance. If lie had any real affection for me, would he be content to let me remain a legal lunatic an instant longer than necessary ? He knew how much my future happiness depended upon an immediate reversal of the lord Chancellor's verdict, and yet he was trying to persuade me to hug the odious chains of insanity for some indefinite pjiioJ, to be fixed at his own discretion! I indignantly refused to assent to his proposition, and pointed out that the certificate of sanity given me by the eminent physicians of Ste. Marie was sufficient and conclusive proof of the absurdity of bis fears. His retort so filled me with disgust that it acted as the last straw on the camel's back,and drove me to the very course from which he was endeavouring to dissuade me. "Real lunatics," said Adam Gray, , "at the period of "remission, are desirous of being I deemed free from the malady,and always assiduously j endeavour to conceal from observation any lapse of thought, meinoiy, and expression which might tend to betray them. I call to mind how Alexander Cruden, the famous author of* the Concordance of the BiUe, replied to the question as to whether he ever had been mad, * I am as mad now as 1 was formerly,' he said, ' and was as mad then as I am now, that is to say, not mad at any time!' Vet this poor man was suffering all the time from a severe attack of mental aberration." "You have evidently been studying the subject in order to rake up evidence against me," I replied bitterly. "Not so, Gerald," answered my uncle affection ately. "Do not encourage such a horrible delusion, for it may become so morbidly real that it will tend to darken your mind, and precipitate the return of your malady." I been home a month when the above inter view took place,and had, therefore,afforded my uncle a sufficient time to assure himself of the permanence o" my mental restoration. His reluctance to aid me i i resuming my full rights as a saue Englishman, and his attempts to cajole me into further procrasti nation, finally produced a disgust which seriously alienated my affection. Was I much to be blamed j if I left my father's brother with a curse on my . Hps, and that I turned round at the door, and backed | up my anathema, by declaring that I would never ) enter his house again ? I was irritated beyond en- «; durance that the most important witness to my sanity should so persistently ignore what was patent to the whole world, and naturally, though perhaps unjustly, concluded that there must be some interested motive for all bis assumed incredu lity. v That night I met Ethel at a small affair at Lady Clitheroe's, and, still smarting under my uncle's unldndness, poured my suspicions into her ears. Her sweet face became grave as I spoke, and her sparkling eyes had lost their merriment by the time I finished recounting my grievances. "This delay in being placed in possession of your property is very vexatious," she said in her soft, tuneful voice. "But you must notbe too hard on your uncle, for he is in a difficult position which necessitates his proceeding with caution. Never theless, I think the time has come for you to con sult a lawyer upon your further course of action." At this moment our hostess approached and carried Ethel off to the piano to play an accompani ment for a tall dark man who Beemedthc "lion of the evening. He certainly sang magnificently, and, under the influence of his mellow tones)' I became somewhat ashamed of the suspicions I vfas harbour ing against my uncle. The few words that. Ethel had said to me ou the subject seemed directed towards destroying my unpleasant fancies, and towards inducing me to keep on friendly terms with the old man. But although she aeijuitteil him of double dealing, yet. she recognised '>>• of putting an end to any furl her delay, and, hating received her samii.ni, I dounuiiued to ascertain my lee*! position at the earliest opportunity. When tlia song was finished, and the well deserved plaudits had subsided, I eagerly watched Ethel as she stood by the piano talking to the singer. Catching my eye, she beckoned to me, and I pre sently found myself enjoying a pleasant conversa tion in which Mr. Rochester took a brilliant part. He was a remarkable man in many respects, and had just achieved notoriety by the able manner in which he had defended the Rajah of Rrabniaporo from a charge of attempting to poison the British resident. In less than a month after his return from India, he had reason to congratulate himself upon the lucky- chance which threw the Rajah's brief into his hands, for the details of his masterly defence had preceded his arrival in England, and he had hardly re-established himself in his old quarters in Lincoln's Inn when work literally poured in! In additiou to this recognition from the lawyers, he also found out that society was eager to attach him to its wheels of pleasure, and exhibit him in its aristocratic drawing-rooms as a fine specimen of a newly- discovered Indian lion! With a history such as this, poured into my ears by my kind hostess, it need not be a matter of surprise that I endeavoured to cultivate my new acquain tance, and was so far successful that we exchanged cards, and I promised to call upon him at his chambers. In the double delight of Ethel's close proximity and the cjiarm of Rochester's conversation, 1 forgot all my worries and anxieties, and enjoyed myself as if I had not a care in the world. Then as Ethel's soft merry laugli was ringing out onelianV ingly, and 1 was in the act or joining in and becom ing a victim to its contagious mirthfulness, a shadow fell over me and my name was pronounced. Looking up, I perceived a "footman, who promptly told me that a gentleman urgently requited my presence in the library; he had sent in no name, but merely stated that his business was imperative. Full of wonder as to the Identify of my ateange Visitor, t reluctantly arose and followed the servant to the library. Seated in an" armchair at the far end . of the room was my uncle, with a face so ghastly that I feared lie was terribly ill. Hastily closing the door I went towards him, utterly for getful of my recent anger and full of sympathy for hie sufferings. "What can I do for you ?" I exclaimed. "Shall I send for a doctor P " "3S*o, no, Gerald P he answered in a hoarse voice. "My pain is beyond the skill of medicine, for it is mental not physical. My sufferings are caused by your undutiful conduct. It is terribly distress ing that you should*desert- ftu'. in »".v "id age—that you should so easily flingaside the filial regard which I fondly hoped my incessant care had in stilled.into you ! " "I regret that you feel so deeply iny withdrawal from your house," 1 answered soothingly. " Vou must acknowledge that your delay in w-instating mo before my fellow men, coupled with your almost openly expressed doubts of my cure, arc all-sufficient reasons for my behaviour to you." "Don't argue, Gerald!" interrupted my uncle. "I am too unhinged to discuss the matter to-night. You turned from my door with a curse oh your lips and bitter anger in your heart. Remove the curse on your father's brother; consent to make his home your own, and he will forthwith forget the terrible misery he lias endured this day!" His imploring accents, terminating at last in almost a wail of despair, completely subdued my wrath and disarmed my lingering suspicions. I felt as if I had done a cowardly action in cursing this grey-haired man, whose look, manner, and words, full of piteous pleading, betokened a mind grievously injured by jtyuuerifeed insult. I stood before him in a state of shame and abasement such as I had not experienced since the day he had gently broken the news to me of my having been declared incompetent of managing my affairs. But the shame was different. It was the hand of lfatc sincere apologies for that iujustifi able outburst this morning," was my reply, couched in affectionate tones. "And, if you will offer me ( the hospitality of your house again, I will gladly | accept it." , ' Like magic, my words dissipated the look ot intense anxiety and suffering, so visibly depicted j on my uncle's face a momeut ago. He rose from j his chair with an agility I could never have credited j him with a few minutes previously, and grasped , my hands witli fervour. "You have made a new man of me, Gerald, my boy!" ho exclaimed with j enthusiastic heartiness. "Xow go back to huiel and give yourself up to enjoyment, whilst I seriously j endeavour to settle this vexed question- of sanity - to your benefit." , , Considerably relieved at the turn events had . taken, I saw my uncle into a hansom, and then i returned to the light and brilliancy of a drawing- i room full of clever men and beautiful piqnantt . women. I could scarcely believe that this short | interview could so raise my spirits. Yet my uncle s promise, tardy though It was, to work for me, appeared as full of hope as the first beams of the sun piercing through dense black clouds. 1 now regarded my future as settled, and found an opportunity of whispering to Ethel my conviction that she had not too much time for Hie preparation of her trousseau! 8he blushed, and laughed, and looked so radiantly happy that I was very nearly kissing her before the ^ assembled multitude. ^ 1 Several days elapsed, during which my uncle ap peared to be veiy busy with my affairs. The two ; doctors who had certified to my lunacy again sepa- . r&tely; examined me and went away with hopeful words on their lips. After the second one had departed, It struck me that the certificate 1 had received from the Parisian doctors might help to liasten their verdict of my complete sanity. I therefore men tioned its existence to my uncle, and asked him ■ whether I should send a copy to the pliysiciaus. He hesitated a moment and then asked to see the document, which I immediately produced. After scanning its contents, be pronounced it so valuable that he imagined his best course would lie to drive to the doctors without delay and lay it before them. With a feeling of gratitude for his eager interest, j I surrendered the paper, and watched him depart on | this, to me, important errand. The days flew on and lengthened into weeks, without my uncle having been able to get an opinion from the physicians. They.were always out, he told me, when he called, or else were too busily engaged with patients to see him! My impatience at last became so great that I announced my determina tion of placing the certificate of liberty in the hands of other doctors who would have time to attend to my interests. On hearing this, inv uncle went once more to the dilatory experts and succeeded in obtaining an interview. I was anxiously awaiting his return, and as the /--carriage stopped, rt>u hastily out to meet him. " H&ve; you been successful this time?" I inquired "Successful, in so far tliat I obtained access to * rih^j,"-was his reply. " AiiSrtUe document—is it valuable?" "IkJpjwaste-paper to you!" came the crushing answp"S-V "Waffyfyaper? How can that be when it so rally describestny disease, and——" "It does not describe your disease," interrupted my uncle. "The document is of value only to one Gerald Wilson, grocer's assistant, who was admitted into the hospital of Ste. Marie direct from his master's house in the Hue Lapelletier. Except for the coincidence of the Christian names, there is nothing in tire paper which has tha re.nr rte.st con nection with you.'' I tottered into the library, aghast, at the crumb ling of my strongest fortress. It was little less than fatuous tliat I had not remembered how Dubosque had forced me to sink my identity under a num.", . which he had settled upo i when my darkened reason rendered it necessary to remove me to a hospital. Bat a little further reflection revived my drooping spirits, for I felt that I ought to have confidence in the two gentlemen who had uiv state of heal!li under consideration, and who w<ml.I un doubtedly report in my (av oir, baeked up, a- 1 „ow was. by the friendly ,vpr.-em..l ima W.IS the decision of the doctors?" 1 a* I..Mirth :iiixioii-ly inquired. •• They sav it will take them months to arrive at | a satisfactory decision," answered my uncle, un suspiciously. "Then tlcy shall no longer puzzle their addle heads over me," I answered, giving full rein to my wrath. "I shall look 1o you to hack me up in my uture proceedings, which, first and foivm as'. will be to consult a shrewd and intelligent .solicitor." "Do nothing rashly, I beg of you." interposed my uncle. "Ah, there is Rochester"' I continue I, scarcely noticing the. interrupt inn. "IS- is brilliant and successful: 1 will take his adcire." "Vou arc to) !mty. Gerald. Vou will ruin your future ! If you set tli -s • two emiiienr specialists in lunacy against you. your cause won't lie worth a fig-" "I will not again he dissuaded from doing what I ought to have done tli1 mom -nt I land ■ in Eng land?" was my rejoinder. -Tom ■. in -le," I eon ! tinued, -you will best interest s by ' driving with in - to Rochester's chambers. ] -I refuse to help you on to your ruin," said my uncle, firmly. ! "Tlieu I must act without you!" I exclaimed ! decisively. "When I look back upon all these | wasted mouths, my conscience reproaches me with ' being a laggard. It is no use acting any longer j upon our own responsibility. We have tried and ' have failed; hence, as 1 am the principal party I involved, I am thoroughly determined to expedite the machinery of law by the aid of one of its pro 1 fefsers." i My iinele did not. imm 'dialefr- reply, but stoo l in r. Cn ct've attitude by the open window. Then be 1 turned suddenly, as if his miml was nude up. ! "Give me three days to exp islulate with the ' doctors," le' Slid, "and if ! fg'l 'hen 1 will no onger oppose your wishes. ' "Agreed!" I exclaimed, holding out my hnnds But the old gentleman glided from the room'wiili 1 out apjiearing to notice my a fieri innate overture. I went to bed that night in such a si range Cine 1 of exlularatiou that ' WAS ail enigma to iii)ielf The horrible procrastination which dogged my «ver£r , effort had had its doe effect in rendering, ma irritable and anxious, and I was therefore non : plussed at the feeling of delight which overtook me ! B£ I shut the door. I sat down and endeavoured to. recall any circumstances which could have con tributed to such elasticity of mind, and, while I was racking my brains, the room faded from view,'. and I felt as if X was being wafted on golden wings. to a region of eternal joy, wherein the most brilliant. colours seemed to harmonise and blend with the strains of a heavenly music! Worry and anxiety could have no resting-place in such an abode of transcendant bliss, and I revelled with ardour in H,e peace which was breathed all around me. After ba '<king in this stilly fragrance of harmony for some time, a darker colour seemed to steal oyer the bright hues of my paradise, and I wonderingly asked myself "Is not happiness eternal in Heaven?" The gradual invasion of the sombre tints was the answer I obtained; they slowly but surely dissolved the exquisite crimson and gold into a dull murkinees which spread over every object and quenched the divine strains of enclkauting music. "ft is possible to gain beaven and yet be «»<•»<»> out," I said sadly,to myself, and at this moment I recognised the familiar objects of my own bedroom f; For hours I lay tossing about, a prey to the* deepest gloom and despondency. A horrible sense , of bitter disappointment laid its heavy hand upon. my heart, and bade me prepare for the utter annihilation of my fondest hopes. At length as d"light crept iuto the room, I found relief in a few short hours of restless sleep. But when I rose, a new fear took possession of me, and it was due to my recognising, in last night's vision, the symptoms which were so familiar in my old mental disease, and which told me that I was on the high road to another attack! The doctor's reticence and my uncle's caution, were plainly justified by my experiences of the* night.. If they knew of them, they would assuredly in concealing every sign of insanity. As X entered the breakfast room, my uncle scrutinised my appearance so fixedly that I suspected he had discovered the secret. "Have you slept ' well?" he asked abruptly. "Not very well," I answered. "A cold In the* head was troublesome." "Ah,I see your eyes are preternaturally brilliant,, but directly after breakfast I will give you a remedy which will cut short the heaviest, influenza." I took the remedy, and, under the pretext of" requiring more sleep, retired to the solitude of my apartment, where I was safe from observation, and here I intended to remain until my uncle left the house for his usual morning walk. He went out earlier titan I expected, and then I lost no time in obtaining a cab and driving to Lincoln's Inn, where I was fortunate enough to find Rochester with a few leisure moments at his disposal. I succinctly narrated my business, and graphi cally described the eagerness which consumed me to have the stigma of madness removed. Rochester listened quietly and attentively, merely asking a question here and there to elucidate a point, and once, when my carnestaess led me into detailing & few leading symptoms of the old mania, he looked up surprised, and asked more questions about them thin tlieir bearing on the case seemed to require. He noticed the impatience with which I answered him, and excused himself for dwelling upon an un pleasant subject by stating that he was an ardent pathologist and chemist. Then I commenced anew to pour forth Into his ear every minute incident which I imagined might be of service. He silently listened making voluminous notes, and when I had thoroughly exhausted the subject, began to ques tion me. "Of course you will understand, Mr Gray, that strictly speaking I ought to relegate you and your complaint to a solicitor. But the curious case you have just related induces me, as a friend, "to" look iuto it. Now, have you the certificate granted by the French doctors with you ? " "I gave it to my uncle, who lias not returned it. "OIi!" ejaculated Rochester. "Well, who are ! your nearest living relatives ? " | "I have but one relation in the world, and he ia ; my uncle." j " But I understood you to say that he is your com mittee, charged with the guardianship of your person as well as your property? Has it ever struck you that, if anything happened to you, he would ' inherit your estate't" ■ "Of course it lias!" ~ "Then can't you see that it Is not a case for a lawyer, but for a police magistrate?" said my friend, with a grim smile. "I am not in a jocular mood^ {answered, coldly. "Plea to explain." A hurried knocking interrupted me. Rochester's j clerk put his heal iu at the door and exclaimed, "You are wanted in Number 3 Court at once." The [ ban ister rose and hastily donned his wig and gown, j at the same time asking ma to call upon him in | three days' lime, when he would fully explain the , position I was in. Somewhat dissatisfied at Rochester's peculiar ! remarks, X went home and resigned myself to ' another three days' delay. But before the time of ■ the appointment arrived, 1 was almost as bad as X j was in the days of my worst mental attack. I Exhilaration and depression, glorious visions and j dark and terrible apprehensions, succeeded one another with alarming rapidity. My condition could be concealed from no one, for I talked more ; incoherently than ever I did before, and I began to : think that a wretch like myself had no right to ' cumber the world. Ethel's distress and the tears which flowed against her will only serve to heighten my desire for rest in the tomb of eternal silence, and uothing but the fascination of the oft-recurring ; visions of paradise prevented me from suicide. Per haps what made niy pitiable condition seem all the 11101*0 intolerable to myself was the keen conscious ness that, beneath a brain clouded over in some mysterious manner, there was an intellect aa bright and as active as ever. J: is almost mrdhrs to say that I retained sense enouyb 1.1 I.e. ah tlie .-ippniuauent with Rochester. / iv. minutes" conversation with him would be more than sufficient to reveal my mental deficiency, and to induce him to urge me to remain content with whatever crumbs of happiness might occasionally ! fall to tlie lot of an outcast from the affection and 1 sympathy of mankind. j Tiius I wearily shut myself off as much as ! possible from communion with the outer world and endeavoured to wrap upseif up iu an imp,.,,,.! liable armour of icy indifference whi'h concealed hut eould not extinguish a raging fire or intolerable anguish. (To be continued.) A (loon sort of man was recently asbe , r,r !or.n chandelier for the church. '• J v,*;, „.,at ",tho ,,£e ofa chandelier r After \- 01 ran ' 6«* any one to play on it." A ritoriat conclusion for the marriage cei tauy of our (ashionalde weddings would be ummcrcial interests hare joineS together i temper puj.asunder."' ° r' ' « Jf flld 'hat a joung lady "throw \- ay, s|10 ])as Illan.jec| for j miV" COu)foj-ta!»1 j* settled," tt»,ferMaud ths A' linri , S ^ "td n,an "''on, she hates! had pot" "C! • 1'3<lel,<' 'old his doctor bo wOTldT LTI,a,nfl"" The doctor asst arid , I Slt ?° far auay fro,,> 1,1 e, Harry d, rivi ri, ;7h. er' * 11,1,6 ,I,ey wwe rieau'iin , with the excursion; " don't sit so far SriiOSG-JIINM;), Wifp. .. im T U'hr iiiv d . Sol-missive Hi would ''■■-j""TnVtLij ,fV°, A'm'ri should L An Irishman f.-l] of reciprocal ing his ^ another man. •• exclaim : ,1. 