1 SuPFEFIiBOUS HUSBAKD. 14 How many suits for divorco have you on hand?’* 1 asked ono-of my friends, an ininent )a«'ver, whose numerous conquests make him »u object-of terror to all husbands. “ I havobut uno,” ho replied, 44 and that 18 for none of the canses you suppose, neither adultery nor cruel treatment. If ( you wish to use the case an the plot of a play, I’ll miko it known to you." “ On what pleu, then, 19 the demand fsr divorce based.?” “ On the dread of secdug ugniu onq Cram the other wot Id.” “ I do not understand.” 44 You know Madamo A. do B-V “Ofcoureo; but I thought her the most loving, the most bolovod wife in the world; also a devoted mother." ** Exactly what x shall say in court.” "As for her husband, ho is a truo gentlo man,' iqyal, obliging, aud of spotless repu tation.” 14 Again what I shall say." " And those people wish to separato ?” Iffy legal friend enjoyed for a tow motnents "the perplexity ho was cau°mg mo, aud then told mo tlio strange story ho tran scribed Madamo A. do B-, who is not yet 32 years old, and scarcely appears 31, has hur same on all subscriptions for charity, and is cited at all fushiouablo routs. Seoing tho eager* ziesa uud zest which sho displays for eujoy xnent, and tho freshuess aud bloom of her beauty, ouo would hardly suppose sho wore •compensating herself for sad days in the past. She has boon married five yenrs, •or rather ro*marriod, for at twenty •sho was tho wifo of ono of tho Bourse’s most reckless speculators, who left her a widow by a death so tragh that it "is yet remotnbored. Ono morning, sovon years ago, wo learned that Jacques do T-, the well-known club man and social favorite, had boen found dead in his bed at his country property of G—, his faco mutilated and Drains scattered over his pillow. It was at •first thought ho had been assassinated ; it was wintor and tho house isolated and unoccupied. M. do T ■ - had come there to •soaroh for some account books ho needed. Owner of a largo manufactory in tlio neigh borhood, he often mado such trips, leaving •his wifo for a day at Paris. An old gar dener, who lodged in a cottage a short dis tance off, waited upon him. As soon, however, us tho affairs of tho un fortunate man were investigated, it was no ongcr possible to doubt that he had com mitted suicide. Ho had, also, a banking house near tho Rue Lafitto, but ho was totally ruined ; the dot of his wife, ovon, hud "been absorbed. Maledictions in plenty weroi not lacking ; some persous instituted suits, which tho poor wife easily had set aside. Sho wept for him and rogretted him with all her heart. Ho hud been a loving and generous husband. Sho was the most earnest, most correct aud most beautiful widow, in her artless weeds, that one could wish for. She returr.od to her own family, and having no children (they had hoeu married such a short time!) seemed to resume the. life of her girlhood, save her unceasing grief. Complete misfortunes have ono advantage; they aro a claim to tho privileges of martyr dom. People pitied her ; everyone said sho would never marry again. They forgot that happiness most abruptly cut short is often that which soonest buds anew. Monsieur A. do 1>- is as handsome as the first husband, goes less frequently to his club, and has an assured fortuuo. He fell in love with a woman who had lost hers : how could she refuse him ? Tho second mar riage gave happiness of nuother typo, less turbulent, more home-like and complete. First came a boy, then a little girl, and when Madame A. .de B — made her annual visit to the decor ous tomb sho had erected to the memory of unlucky T-, it was almost with a smile of gratitude that sho prayed for tho dear departed. As sho fervently recom mended him to divine mercy, she was certain her prayers were heard, for all tho merits of her first husband seemed augmented by the charming qualities of the second. Ono dny Madame A. do B-received a letter which had been a long time reaching her. It ■was directed to Madame do T-, and •stamped with an American stamp. The hand writing of the address troubled her, and, when the envelope was torn op*n, the firpt lines •made her quiver. Was it a sacrilegious mysti fication ? or had poor do T-plauued, bo fore killing himself, a deception like that •which gave Retif do la Bretonne tho plot for a curious novel ? Hud ho ordered that every seven years a lotter should be delivered to his wife, to prevent her grieving 1or him, and persuade her that ho still lived ? That wasM. A. do B——’s first idea when his frightened little wifo brought him tho strange missive, dated from New York; but, ’ when his emotion was somewhat calmed, in weighing wellits wordeandstudyingits proba bilities, he was obliged to nckuowleduo that T-was not dead ; that tho letter was indeed from him, and that it announced his return. But tho suicide ! tho corpse? tho burial? Alas i tho letter had a reply for everything. T- ■— related how, face to faco with bank ruptcy, ho had wished at once to indemnify his honor and facilitate for himself a way to reconquer his last fortune, With tho assist ance of a gravedigger of tho village of G— bo got possession of a corpse ofbissizeand general appearance. The occasion hud been waited for during several raoafche ; the gravedigger liberally bribed. At night bo placed the body* in his bod, and when ho dressed it in his linen, fired in its face two pistol shots, which rendered it absolutely unrecognisable. Then, having accomplished thut suicide, in an empty hou^-.. he escaped, tuking with him only tho money necessary for his passage,and went to try his luck in America. The miserable fellow seemed enchanted with his expedient. Hg had the graco, how ever, to be somewhat sober in his self-praises; but ho ran on endlessly iu telling of tho sorrows of separation, tho anguish, of that long voyage, tho torture ho had imposed ou himself in remaining dead • for her, ns-he waB for tho rest of tho world. . He should nover liavo had tho courage to perseveres in his task of rehabilitatiSn if she had writteu to him, if she had recalled him ! He hud condemned himself to seven years of work, of silence, of burial. With all tho fatuity of a martyr, ho never seemed to doubt that -sho had remained a widow and inconsolable; thoroforo, among tho joys that he promised himself in the future, he gave tho first placo to tho greatest, that of consoling her, at once, sud denly. “ Bo not dio of joy!” ho wrote to tho oue who felt ready tc die of terror on the spot, la short, he was very rich, two or throe tim&s; more so than ho had over been, he was cotuiug back to pay all his creditors, interest aud principal, to dear his name, aud, ns now he would have co more cares and | anxieties, he should have plenty of tiruo to devote to loving his dear little wifo. Ho gavo fleeting glimpses, ns into an unknown paradise, of the ohildrcu, of whom ho was certain. Tho wretch even mado poetry on that subject, a millionaire’s poetry: Babes would float through the heaven of their unalterable bliss like littlo angeh, or littlo Cupids. That -passage particularly aroused tho fury of ill. A. do B-. As though they had needod that " dead-alive” to call forth” angels and loves 1 Corpso ho might not b2, but at leastho should not return alive 1 Tho second husband's plan waff to meet number ono part way on his way hc'me and kill him sinco ho dared to como out of .bis legal tomb under pretext that ho waA not dead. Tho official records would justify that murder, nothing would hnvo to bo clmnu’ed , in tho certificate of death; nothing efface*i but a man 1 It would not be a duol ' scarcely even a murder; merely a case of logitinmto self-defence, tne stamp that Hamlet gives on tho ground to drive hack the importunate ghost. The idea was a good ono, and he must leave at once. 14 No, no, not that 1” cried Madamo A. do B-, terrified. YTas her first love, perchance, rosusoitating with her firet husband ? 44 Youtako his part?” demanded No. 2, trembling with jealousy aud horror. u Ungrateful man ! Do you not owe to him our five years of happiness F" \- »* The scoundrel haslaken'thom-baok from | ** Tie has not the right.” . . I ** Owe marriage is null; his is not.” | u Noll, and our ohildron:1 ” . , j ** Ah ! our ohlldrcn, our children ! ” , ! .Ttiey woro there, tho little hypothetical •oherubim of whom tho wanderer spoke in his letter. They enclosed thoir father and mother . in their -caressing arms; they soothed tho wrath of tho menaced hus band. Tbo couplo wopt. kissed, and onded by going. to consult my friend, tho lawyer. It was agreed that ho should a*k for a divorco for Mudamo. A. do 15— from her first husband us soon ns M. do X-had bocu givou to understand that it. is dangerous for him to roturn to Frauco. ITis cscapado is complicated by a violation of sopulturo. Tho gravedigger is dead, but h**, by hia own avowal, ordered and paid for tho orimo. They cannot reasonably ask him to kill himsolf, but they might possibly obtain; from, him a promiao to oontinuo to play dead man in tho depths of America; uud, if his probity revivos, let him furn5sh tho eloments for an integral payment of his dobts, without appearing in tho mnttor; but that is a romantic way out of tho diffi culty. Thanks to M. banquet, thoroisumore practical raothod. They will obtaiu a divorce, and then M. and Madamo A. do B-, whose marriage may temporarily bo con considered void, will bo ro-murriod. It nppears, from last nows, that M. do T-is resigned to that arrangement. Ho will not oomo to Franco, and willlot tho divorco bo pronounced against him. If ho is con demned for haviug placed a pauper’s oorpso in bis bod And afterwards in a handsome tomb, ho will not protest ; ho will pay -.his French debts and become a naturalised American, and, as it is as easy to have in ono's homo littlo angels or littlo oupids in America ns in Franoe, bo will not deny him self that bappineos. Indeed, why ? For ho pormits thorn to perceive the true reason why ho has had courage to keop silent for seven years, and not to writo to his darliug wife. It was because ho would havo had to dip his pen in tho ink-bottlo of Ati American I widow. His pent-up fcolings find roliof j n that bit of spite. At the end of eovon years of an honorable intimacy, and when tbo bonds wore loss tightly drawn ho had, indeed, beon ablo to push an arm through his yielding chains, and sent tho letter annouuoing his resurreotion. Since they, forco him thoroto, however, ho will prove that ho knows how to make tho host of a losing gamo. Onco freo in France, ho will ntono for his “falling out” with tho widow by marrying hor. In America, as hero, that is tho surest way to rid one’s self of a mistress.—Translated from tho French. __ 