IWTRJTTEN 39 RED; tBBi OONSFZRACr IN THE NORTH CASE.* A STORY OF BOSTON. Bx Cbas. Montagtjk asd C. W. Dtae. CHAPTER XV.— The Thing Has a Daek Look. 'Come in, Kingman. You axe prompt. Fm obliged to you.' ? Wednesday morning, and Detective Lamm at the threshold of his office was welcoming his friend the reporter. ?*? Yes,' said Thomas, unaware ofthepeculia expression with which his associate regarded him. *- Your note, left at the office, seemed to tfemaant.' ' You are right. K was urgent Sit down.' ' John Lamm locked the door and nut the kev n his pocket. And standing with Mb back against it, said, seriously — 'Thomas, I hare always considered you as an excellent detective. I have changed my mind.' ' Well, what now ?' asked Thomas, uneasily, glancing keenly at his friend, and thereafter avoiding his gaze. ' This,' said Tjanval measuring- his words i 'the man who allows himself' to be side tracked in an important case by a pretty face, and a pair of blue eyes has a cardinal weakness that sooner or later is sure to tell against him in ' tumtiness.' ^Thomas started, flushed, but controlled him . self. \- 1 ' Did you go dear to New York to find that out?' . \- 'I have not been to New York,' said Lamm, quietly. 'I have been herein Boston bard at work upon the latest sod most curious feature of the North ease.' 'Come,' said Thomas, desperately, 'say What you mean. Don't talk in riddles.' ' ' I mean that I know all about it, Thomas. I know that E£ngman F. Thomas, who has done ui his day as excellent detective work as anyr body in the State, has at last fallen into the spare of the eiren, and forgotten- his duty, Ih other words, he is in love with one of the principals. Instead of arresting her he guards bar. While the police are searching every where for her, he has her secretly hidden In li}B own. house right under their very noses, and comes to his Best friend with a coolness that might (if he were a little less wary) have rained his work on the case.' 'John, you presume on your friendship,' '? said Thomas, hotly. He had been nervously fingering his watch charm, and alternating between white and red, throughout Lamm's qoiet speech, but he now started up and faced $he detective squarely. ' You have no right to ^assume that there is any sentiment in the matter. You go too far. when you charge me with letting my personal feelings run away with my_ sense of duty. You don't know what my ?object was — is.' ? ' Ah, but pardon me, Kingman; I assume that I do. Xr it had been in the ordinary course of your professional business, you would have some to me with it for advice or assistance, just a* you have always done when we have asso ciated ourselves on a case before. There is only one reason why you didn't come ; you were more than afraid that I would never approve of .so rash a proceeding on your part, aad you were resolved upon taking the step at all inwards. In other words. Kingman, you were alittie ashamed.' ^^ ' - Thomas had regained control of himself. He drew himself up. 'See here, John Lamm, we will leave my motives out of the question, if you please. I Jiave protected the girL I propose to continue to do so. She was in a . hard place — a harder one than you know anything about. I should have been less than a man if I had neglected to do what I did. To have given her up under the circumstances would have been the height of cruelty. You wouldn't have done it your self. Every bit of circumstantial evidence was overwhelmingly against her. I determined to 'conceal her till I could discover at least proof s of her innocence sufficient to prevent her from the ignominy of an arrest. Since you have dis ?covered the fact, there is no help for it. You jnost aid me to keep the secret;' 'Only upon one condition, jKIngman. I mast know all the facts.' 'And if I tell you everything, will you give me your word of honour not to use it against her or hers P' asked Thomas, with peculiar emphasis on the second pronoun. ' But isn't that rather broad?' Lamm hesi tated. Thomas compressed his lips tightly. 'This girl has confessed everything to me, Lamm, and in return 1 have given her my word to do everything in my power to protect her family from disgrace. There's no way out of it. You must promise me.' ' What do you mean ?' demanded Lamm, Bternly. ' Do vou mean if I find that the murderer of Paul North is in her family I am to keepit to myself ?' 'Decidedly not,' said Thomas. 'But you must have proof, .not appearances.' ' Oh, certainly,' said Lamm. ' I agree to that. Hang the appearances in a case. They are seldom right. I use appearances only to «nabie me to get at the facts. But once I get at the facts, Thomas, understand me, it will make ho difference whose family it is in.' 'Very well,' said Thomas, 'we under stand each other. 3ive me your hand on it.' The two men shook hands over the compact, and sat down close together beside the de tective's desk. ' In the first place,' began Thomas, ' it was Stella North who threw the pistol into the water at Swampscott on Sunday night and then, fled from her home.' ' I had guessed as much when I learned that North's shooter had been found.' 'At that time I hadn't the faintest idea who the fugitive was, and when I recognised her on the Connecticut roadside I was nearly as much astonished as she was frightened. The first thing I thought was that she must be guilty. All her actions — the headlong, precipitate flight; her terror ^» my appearance— all seemed to wear the look of criminality. She had fainted dead away, but sbe soon began to come to herself again. Thereupon I tied my horse to a tree, and drew her into the woods, out of sight of passers-by. She was so weak and emotional I believed her ripe for a confession. Lamm, I fully expected at that moment to be rewarded for my efforts by a tremendous discovery. But I tell you, as I looked at the poor thing — hardly a woman yet —lying there on the leaves, pale, speechless, frightened nearly out of her senses, I never felt so sorry for anybody in my life.' ' « I know the feeling,' said Lamm. I've had ic myseir. jjut go on.' ' Well, when she came to I began to talk to her. Of course there was a scene. She broke down completely, and at her first words I under stood what I ought to have had sense enough to haveknown from the fii=8t — thatherterrorwas not on her own account. 'Oh, don't let them arrest her !' she kept saying. ' Don't, I beg of you. ! She's crazy ! She must be ! She never could have done it in her senses!' ' 'Oh, ho!' ex claimed th« detective. 'Sister Marion, eh ?' ' ' Come,' I said, ' teli mo the whole story ; it's the quickest way out of it. And I give you my word of honour I'll do what I can to help van.' But it was a. lnn» fimo fvofn«-o T «os able to bring her to the point of trusting me. I don't know how it was exactly, but she gradually—' ** Pshaw !' said Lamm. ' Don't embarass yourself. Skip it. I know what happened as well as you do. She was in deep distress. Yom were in earnest. She trusted you. Good. 'What w»3 her story ?' «? She didn't tell me the whole storvat that 'lime,' said Thomas. «♦ I stopped her when I * Imew the essential facts, for 1 realised her -danger and incidentally my own. I impressed *atpon her «» necessity of obeying meimplicitly. I told her. there was but one way to save either .ierself or her sister, or both of them, from the . ignominy of immediate arrest, and all the . attendant Bcandal. FriRhteaed to death .. almost, and shaking like a leaf, she acquiesced. X stowed her as comfortably as I could in the 'bottom of the carriage, and covered her with a * Tug. Overcome with exhaustion, she, I believe actually slept all the way to Vernon. Outside the town 1 awoke her, made her get out, and ' told her to follow me' at a distance, and to .' Aoard the train that I took, but by no means to ?Apeak to me. She was veiled, and had enough .money to purchase hertiefcet.' ' Capital J You are a shrewd one, Kingman. These precautions would never have occurred . to anotaerman.' \ ' ' Ah I I knew, you see, that the whole police ' .force must be on her .track .by this time. As ;jsbon as she was missed from Swampscott, I inew they would be in full chase, and she, in ?^ter innocence, had left a trail as plain as the milky way.' '-Jf. coarse/* said Detective Lamm, signi rficuntty. . ?, , , '. ... ' ;. 'And so,*' Thomas oonttnued, ' I laid my l»»m*W»4iagly. We rode. to-Boston sepa *XT7t-?AMtlba *°Uowed me on-.foot.on the ott«f«a«jBLtha-«treet.to«inyJioase. She was Ifr^/Sy*. 'ymotfaar you. can imagine the ??.ygmglfen. she gpfc - fjTO iainuiea* explanation *^ 66 to my mother was sufficient. She opened her arms tc the fugitive, and Stella North has been under her charge ever since.' ? ? - 'Ah! and you, of course, got the whole story from the girl ?' 'That night. There is no question about her frankness or her honesty. If you could talk with her ten minutes you would be assured of that.' ' Undoubtedly. And now for the facts. What are they?' 'Well, Lamm,' said Thomas, 'there are two sets of facts— the immediate and the re mote. Whether the remote have any relation to the immediate I cannot tell. Nevertheless, you shall hear them first. To go back to Richard Fetridge — ' ' Of course,' said Lamm. 'Everything in the case seems to have a peculiar trick of going back to him.' *' Still, I am unable to say that he has any connection . with this murder, Lamm. It's a mystery, old man, as you will soon see. Stella merely corroborates the facts that I have told you already about Fetcidgw's connection with the family. It was just as I said ; he was in love with Marion, but how far they went, whether they were actually engaged or not, nobody knows; not even Stella, for the fact conies out that Marion is a very peculiar woman.' ♦? Peculiar? Do you mean eccentric?' 'Well, eccentric, perhaps,' said The mas, doubtfully. ' What I mean ia that she is ex ceedingly self-willed and self -reliant ; that she is naturally secretive, dislikes to make ' con fidants, repels intercourse on topics near to her, dislikes tope sympathised with, and is extremely sensitive about little things that ordinary people would pass unobserved. Exaggerate ail these qualities to an unusual degree and you have the traits that make Marion Btackhouse peculiar. If you call such a character eccentric, she's eccentric. If you mean, however, the eccen tricity that is allied to monomania or insanity, I fail to find that she has ever exhibited any traces. I questioned Stella very particularly on this point— as to whether her sister was in the habit of taking queer freaks. . She says it might seem so to anybody who was not familiar with her peculiar temperament, but she never knew her to do anything without the possibility of a reason therefor.' ' Just my idea of her exactly,' said Xiamm. 'Anybody who baa ever looked into the rest, less eye of a maniac knows what it is. I nave talked with Marion Stackhouse face to face. She is no more insane than I am.' 'I say this,' continued Thomas, 'to explain why it was that nobody knew whether Marion waB really engaged to Fetridge. On account of the opposition of Mr. North, it would have been a secret, any way, to some extent, but Stella never knew. She only knows that they were together a great desl, till one night they presumably quarrelled, for his visits ceased abruptly. And the next thing Stella knew, the engagement to Stackhouse was announced.' ??Wasn't this a marriage from pique, then, such as we occasionally hear of?' ' So I fancy, Lamm. Stella will not express her opinion to that effect, but I can see that she thinks so. Well, now, as to Fetridge coming back into the family again since his return from Australia, it was just as we surmised, ostensibly to pay Stella some attentions ; but the girl de clares that he never spoke of love to her, though he had plenty of opportunity.' 'Which indicates,' said Lamm, quietly, ' that Fetridge still came to see Marion, de spite her marriage to Stackhouse.' 'So it would seem ; and that she regretted her hasty step in marrying too soon. Well, but this is only speculation. To go on with facts: . Fetridge's attentions to Stella were thoughtlessly received — the girl insists she has no other feeling for him than that of a pleasant acquaintance — but after his departure on his recent business trip, the purpose of which we can't determine, it came to her ears that there was a great deal of gossip about their associa tion. She determined to be more careful in the future. The day before the murder, Fetridge reappeared at the house. It would seem that the instant he got home he came to the North household. He began to lay out plans at once to go hither and yon with the girl. But the poor thing's suspicions were aroused by her long month of reflection. She determined not to be made a catspaw of for any purpose, and at the first opportunity — having summoned up the necessary courage — she broached the . tabooed subject to her sister.' ' What time of the day was this ?'' ' It seems to have been about the middle of the afternoon. Marion was not feeling very well. She was lying down, and Stella was sitting beside her with a fan. Marion intro duced Ferriage's name herself, making some inquiries about his visit of the previous even ing. Then Stella made so bold as to ask her advice, and finally told her what her suspicions were.' ' But you don't mean ? ' 'Simply that Fetridge pretended to pay attentions to her (Stella) for the sake of appear ances, and that his real object was to be near Marion.' 'Whew! Knowing the woman, I can imagine the result.' ' Easily. But Stella was innocent enough. She merely intended to give her sister a well meant warning. Marion received it as an in sult. * It is a jealous lie,' she cries into the ears of the astonished Stella. ' Richard Fet ridge never meant to marry me ; never cared a feather for me. If you had asked me I could have told you so. But since you thought it better to play the spy on me, why, I'll prove it to you.' And, with a great emphasis on the word nrove. she dashed out of the room.' '' This woman is curious. No doubt about it. But her conscience troubles her, and she's jealous of Fetridge. There's no other explana tion of this line of conduct.' ' AL, well,' said Thomas, doubtfully, ' if Marion had married Stackhouse purely from pique, and had been carrying on the hollow mockery for a whole year because she wa3 too proud to betray what she suffered to any living soul, it Eeeni3 that there might be enough inflammable material to her emotional nature to get up a good blaze at the first spark. Don't you think so ?' ' Quite likely. It's logically put, anyhow. But about these proofs that Fetridge didn't care for her. I am anxious to know the nature of them.' ' So am I ; but unfortunately they dis appear from my story with this reference to them. Stella naturally supposed Marion went upstairs to get something. Imagine her surprise, five minutes later, to see hex driving' off in a carriage. In a short time the coachman came back. Mrs. Stackhouse, he said, had gone to Boston. Stella began to be exceedingly alarmed. What in the world could have occasioned this sudden freak she could not imagine. That her sister was terribly angry Bhe saw, and the insane $3ea that perhaps she intended to tell Richard Fetridge what' had been said drove the poor girl quite distracted. She followed Marion to the city in the next train, and searched every where for her. It was after six when she arrived, and all the places of business were closed. This circumstance onlv increased the girl's alarm. She began to have what she calls a presentiment of evil. There were three places in town where she thought her sister might be — the houses of three friends. One of them was away out in Boxbury. She made the rounds, exciting everywhere wonder and concern; but she abruptly refused all efforts of escort. It was getting later and later all the time. Already it was dark, and the street lights were burning. Suddenly she remembered that Marion had the keys to the house in Marlboro street. There was a bare possibility that she had gone there in quest of the proofs she had so mysteriously mentioned. Stella set herself in that direction. It must have been about half-past nine o'clock when she approached the place, and saw— what do you think ? Marion Stackhouse coming down the steps !' The imperturbable John Lamm for once lost his sang freid. He sprang to his feet, and brought his hand down with a crash upon the top of his desk. 'Good heavens!' he cried. 'And all this tune you have bean concealing this from me!' CHAPTER XVI.— Consmbact! 'It is significant to you, then?' Thomas asked, uneasily, with a faint smile. ' Oh, certainly not, returned John Lamm, sarcastically. 'It doesn't mean any thing. But don't delay. How did Marion act ? What did she have to say for herself?' . The detective, instead of resuming his seat, began to walk about the room with his hands behind him. 'She hadnt anything to say for herself,' returned Thomas. 'That's just the trouble. She acted queer— queerer than Stella had ever seen her act in her life.' 'How queer?' 'As the girl expresses it, she seemed like a person walking in her sleep. She spoke to btella but in a mechanical way, as if her mind were quite elsewhere all the time. They went back to the dep6t and rode out to Swampscott together.' 'Do you mean to say that Marion expressed no surprise when she saw Stella in the street ?' /* Momentarily she, seemed aroused, but as soon a* Stella began to account for herself she «lapsea into her 'frozen' condition acain.' \- ' WkatawomaneheiB!' ' .' ' She was not strong enough to conceal from -her sister, that something terrible had Ihap pened. She was so dtaxAwti unnatural that the young gM was frantic with apprehension.' 'Of course, this olaces'it beyond a doubt that Marion had either killed her legal father or had seen him killed^' ' . . , :' 'But, my dear Lamm, I can't entertain the first idea for a minute. What possible motive could there be for her?' . - ' It is to be determined simply by the fact of whether the girl was alone in the house that night.' '* Ah, precisely. That is what I am working to find out. Well, Lamm, on the whole journey home, Marion Stackhouee had but two sentences to utter which seem to have any bearing upon the case. The first' was when Stella made some mention of Stackhouse. ' Never -speak to me of that man again,' said Marion, fiercely * He is not my husband.* And again, just before they got to the house, seizing her 6ister's wrist, * Stella,' she wbisperedj * Do -you want to see me in my grave ? Then never tell a living soul where I have been.' ' 'Thunder and guns!*' ejaculated Lamm. ' That woman is the princess of mysteries. Doesn't it strike you a little peculiar that she should continue to assert that Stackhouse ia^not her husband ? Mind you, she always puts it in. that way. I have heard her say it myself. ' He is not my husband.' JNow, why shouldn't she say, 'I refuse to live with this man any longer,' not for ever, * He is not my husband.' Wasn't the marriage public?' ' To be sure it was. The marriage occurred in St. Paul's Church, in the presence of hundreds of people.' . j Lamm came and placed his band softly on the reporter's shoulder. ' You don't imagine, Thomas,' he questioned below his breath, 'that she had been secretly married to this man Fetridge . previous to his departure for Australia ?M ' What an idea !' cried Thomas, amused. ' You seeem anxious to give her a monomania on the marriage question. If married already to Fetridge what earthly reason could induce her to marry Stackhouse-? It seems to me you have got a complication there not likely to arise in any well-regulated family.' 'Perhaps. But. I've. gone far enough in this case to know that there is something different behind it . to anything I ever met with in all my life before. But to goon. Ox course Stella is frightened to death by Marion's reference to the grave, and refrained from telling anybody where she had seen -her, until you got it out of her.' ' So you might know by the way things have gone on. She was scared enough that night, you may be sure, but the next day when the news came of the murder you can imagine the effect. There seems to have been a great scene between the sisters. Stella came out horrified,' at Marion's, calmness. Marion would tell her absolutely nothing ex cept such enigmatical sentences as these: 'I am not responsible. The affair is out of my hands. Justice will overtake the guilty. Let me alone, if you betray me I shall kul myself. You surely do not believe me capable tor any cause of fa'l'*T»e a man who has taken the place of my own father. I loved Father North as well as you did. I could not have harmed him if I had hated him' — all of which was scarcely calculated to appease Stella's agony of apprehension. It was not, however, till the young girl discovered that her sister was sleeping with her father's pistol under her pillow that she quite lost her head, and be lieved that Marion was really guilty.*' 'What! The weapon that killed Paul North?' asked the detective, almost helpless with amazement. 'Presumably, since she must have brought it with her from the Marlboro street house the night of the murder, and one of its barrels had been recently discharged.' 'What a nerve that woman has!' mur mured the detective. *? And' how in the world did Stella make the discovery?' ' I'll tell you, Lamm. It was in the middle of the night on Saturday. The body of the mur dered man had been brought home, and it lay in the hall below stairs ready for the funeral. -You can imagine the effect on this young girl, who is of an affectionate disposition, and whose life up to this time had been one merry smile. Everything goes to show that she was the petted darling of her father. Of course, however fond and proud anybody might have been of Marion, she was scarcely the person to be made a pet of. -And wiQi tins awful cloud of horror and suspicion weighing upon her, Stella could not sleep. The ghost of the poisoned King of Denmark was no more real to Hamlet than was the spirit of her father, threatening with awful finger the per petrators of his woeful murder, to this young girL Her fears for Marion under the weight of the night became absolutely appalling. Though not what is called a religious girl, Stella could no longer trust to any earthly aid. She resolved to go and pray by Marion's bedside.' ' Natural enongh in this eighteen-year-old girl,' cemmentedthe detective. ' It was the last effort, you understand, to obtain contrition from the woman who had been impervious to the most piteous appeals, the most solemn entreaties. The poor girl went and found her sister's door unlocked. She approached the bedside. It seems that Marion was asleep, but her sleep was light ; her dreams perhaps troubled, for she sprang up suddenly with an awful cry and grasped Stella by the shoulders, demanding in a tone that nearly frightened her sister out of her Benses, 'What do you want? What do you want ?' She shook her so that Stella made a frantic effort to get away. la the struggle the pillow was dragged from the bed and some thing beneath it fell with a crash. Marion by this time awoke to a realisation of her sur roundings. She sprang out of bed with a haste that could not escape Stella's observation, and picked up the something which had fallen. 'What is it?' demands the startled Stella. ?Nothing,' replies Marion. 'What is the matter, dear ?' ' Go back to your bed and I will corne to you.' But no. Affairs had reached a climax now where suspicion must either be allayed or confirmed. Marion was confused aud dismayed by the sudden trans formation in her sister, and before she could regain control of herself the hand of the younger girl came in contact with the cold steel. * It is father's pistol,' whispered Stella, in what state of mind you may imagine. 'Don't deny it, Marion; you have been sleeping with it under you.' 'I won't deny it,' said Marion, con siderably disturbed. 'But why will you in sanely insist upon knowing things which it would he better for your peace of mind to remain ignorant of V ' 'And all this time it was quite dark in the room?' Lamm asked. ' ' Absolutely. Stella's conclusion that Marion held her father's pistol was one of those in tuitive leaps at correct conclusions that are peculiar to women. And thereupon, almost crazy with terror, Stella cries out, ' You killed him,Marion! Itwasyourownhand.' Of course, the moment the words were out of her lips she was ppnitent for having uttered them. ' Stella,' says Marion, tremblingly, 'your mad sus picions are indiscreet. Do you suppose I could sleep in this house where the man who has given me all that I possess except life is lying dead, if the guilt of his death were at my door? And are you the same girl who used to cuddle down in my arms is the old days and tell me that you loved me better than any one in the world except papa ? Tell me, do you re member what I owe to this man who was more than a father to me ? Have you for gotten who it waa that nursed him in his last illness because she couldn't bear to have a hired nurse profane him with unsympathetic hands ? Can you recall ever in my life a sirgle expression of ingratitude — ' ' ' Bosh !' interruped the detective. ' That is all very well for Stella, but for me it is necessary to be told how she became possessed of that pistol which was supposed to be locked in Paul North's desk in Marlboro street.' ' Unfortunately,' returned Thomas un easily, ' she neither explained nor apologised for her conduct. You know what women are. Stella's heart, which is not located far from the surface, was touched. She began to cry and to plead for forgiveness. And then Marion forgave her ; but just as soon as Stella began to beg for an explanation the woman said to her very coldly, ? Go to your aunt, dear. What you- want is somebody to ? dry your tears and soothe you. I am no comforter in a time like this, and I certainly shall not tell you things which would only add to your worry and distress.' And she did go to. her aunt; not to make a confidante of her, but to beg for consolation and sympathy.' ' And this scene between the girl:, ended .ia nothing, then?' ' It ended just as 7 have told you. But Stella, though she tried her best, could not repress her anxiety. She was unable to bear the strain before her eyes the spectacle of the officers entering the house and dragging Marion off to prison. In view of all these facts, is there anything strange in her eventual action ? The funeral was scarcely over, and the family returned to the house, when she hasted to Marion's room, took the revolver, and fled — a headlong, terror-stricken flight. Her first idea was to put the evidence of Marion's guilt out of sight. She threw it into the water, little thinking that I was watching her. She says that the had bo clear idea what she was doing,' or where ohe was going ; but she- had determined nerer to go back to the house. She lett that »he «»ld-!iieyw faoehe* sistez again. In the train. to Boston she T»^ thoftght herself of vw Jriends inHartfowli wime^hstadqfte^k-risitod, andbad alwayajj^ea. welcome. Fmth^^^t^s^^modt,-atf \ o find that the boose was ctoigj- anfl Iter bdet^^one tothetiidtt^ ior^tbBwunmer. ^By Us' time 'she was alinpst -axssy £100^ tdghti ! abk oi : Bleep and food, ibTflfie liaftlteai able: neither to eat nor rest since the news ofjhe, murder. Heaven knows what would have 1» eome of her if accident had not put me. upon her trail ! 'Such is the story of Stella North ; and in view of it, John Lamm, I want to know if you blame me for what I have done °' ' ' I blame you for only one tmng, .mu.**-*,,'' said Lamm, earnestly; 'and .that was for being afraid to trust me with your secret.' ' How did I know in what light you would view it?' returned the reporter, uneasily. ' You are always so matter-of-fact and business-like. And, of course, I am perfectly aware that my present position is quite, the reverse of business-like.' 'Hang the position 1' exclaimed. John Lamm. ' That's your affair. It's the in wardness of the North case that I'm. looking 'after, and your story iias given me a wonderful pushaheadV' Tne detective took out his note-book, dis figured with 'his peculiar hieroglyphics, and began at once making additions, corrections, ana reflections, quite as if the problem before him aad been one in mathematics, and could bo proved by applying some of the advanced rules of the higher arithmetic. 'Well,' said Thomas, after he had watched him in silence for some minutes, ' what is your theory?' '.None, Thomas,' returned the detective, quickly. 'What is yours?' 'That Marion is trying to shield somebody from the results of a capital offence.' ' And that somebody is ?' ' Either Fetridge or Stackhoase.' « With a leaning towards ? ' 'Fetridge,' said Thomas. 'But I should like to -kao w which of the men went to the house that night, if either— before expressing any deep conviction.' ... 'Ah, quite so. And that I propose to ascer tain^ But go on, Kingman. Your conclusions are always logical, and they interest mefor that reason. There is no crime without a. motive. What was the motive?*' ' My dear fellow,' said Thomas, 'that is iust the mistake made by criminal theorists. But you and I know that the majority of murders are done Without adequate motives. Few men in these days plot to km. They kill when they are insane with rum or jealousy, or to defend themselves.' ' You emphasise that, I see !' 'Because I have thought it right along,' said the reporter. ' ' The fact that the bullet must have been fired from a point lower down than an erect man naturally carries his hand leads me to believe that the murderer of Paul North was on his knees, and it is . logical to presume from that that he had been knocked Sown.' 'Clever!' said John Lamm, with genuine admiration. 'Clever, and just like you, Thomas. * Of course, we can think of hundreds of reasons why North might have knocked down his partner, whose advice had rained him— f or North was steady enough before he came under Stackhouse's influence — or why he should have knocked down an importunate gentleman who might have been trying to deceive his daughter.' ' Precisely,' agreed Thomas. ' And then,' said Lamm, slowly, ' you throw the idea of a most deliberate and cunningly-laid conspiracy of -murder for security and revenge out of the question.' ' Conspiracy?' echoed Thomas. ' Conspiracy !*' said John Lamm. Thomas looked like a donbtf ul man who would be very glad to become convinced. ' Yes,' said John Lamm in a tone of deep conviction, ' I am willing to stake my pro fessional reputation at this stage of the case on the prediction that this' murder of North is a conspiracy — either for ruining Stackhouse or for revenge upon Paul North.' ? ' And — the girl is in it?' murmured Thomas, apprehensively. ' Certainly, the girl is in it. To be sure the girl is in it. You can't alter that fact to save your life. For good, bad, or indifferent pur poses— Marion Stackhouse planned the game. Whose hand carried it out I won't say at this time ; but I am convinced of one thing — it originated in her mind.' ' Why, John Lamm ? Why ?' demanded Thomas, aghast. 'Because I always look to the character of the person to correspond to the nature of the crime. There ib nobody else in this little coterie capable of originating a crime, so cunningly con ceived, so admirably executed.' ' What do you mean ?' 'What do I mean '.'echoed the detective. . ' Good heavens, Thomas, where are your eyes ? Can't you see that in every step we nave taken we have been baffled, misled, made fools of? Do you imagine 'Paul North would have gone to his town house, shut up as it was for the summer, unless he had been enticed there ? The writing of Stackhouse's name on the wall proves con clusively to my mind that Stackhouse did not do it. Why, how absurd it is ! The medical ex amination gives ISO seconds as a limit to North's life after he was shot. Do you suppose if Stackhouse had shot him he would have run away before assuring himself that he was dead ? Would he have let North write his name on the wall ? If North had done it, wouldn't he have smeared it out again? Wny, of course he would. And in this name upon the wall is the animus of the whole matter. There we see the fangs and the teeth of the serpent — the bitter, deadly enmity that underlies the whole scheme. That the entire object was revenge upon Stackhouse I do not believe. It is too roundabout] and too dangerous a method of revenge ; but that the perpetrators of the deed hated that man — why, the fact is as clear as sunlight. Now, who hates Stackhouse? Who on the day of the discovery of the crime drove him from her side, from the house, knowing full well — nay, triumphantly welcoming the fact in so many words — that such an act would only deepen the suspicion about him ? Who, with Paul North alive, was not free to meet the man she really loved ; and who, Paul Kbrth dead, and Stackhou-e out of the way, might reunite herself with her guilty lover? Who, for no cause but one that under such circumstances we can understand, flies into a passion of anger at tte remonstrance of an innocent girl, and is so excited by the impending crime that she cannot keep herself away from the scene ?' 'Stop! Don't go on!' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 