TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. 11y " Ndnquam Dokmio." 1 can put uiy readers on to a "correct, tip," and the investment necessary will only he a modest sixpence. The " dead bird " is Punch Almanac ivni lNilu, which will come to the ])ost fitter than ever on the 13th of this month. Tiiksiiay's Melbourne fiporlsnnn contains the billowing paragraph, which should be published broadcast throughout Australasia, and cannot fail to prove extremely grat ifying to the numerous friends—racing and otherwise—of the. Messrs. Miller:--" 111 connect inn with the recent inquiry into the alleged foul between Etra Weenie and Trieste in the Oaks, we stated that Mr. S. Miller, one of the stewards who inquired into the protest in the first instance, had an interest in the result of the race• Some persons mav perhaps imagine that Mr. Miller backed litra Weenie. We learn, however, that his bet was a modest, fiver, and this was on Trieste. This explanation will remove any possible misconception as to the facts." "Kkkp Your Bye on vour Father" for the year of grace one thousand eight hundred and ninety-three, as he intends to pull you through. For tin? present he will not say more than that Mr. Ij. D. Nathan's New Zealand celebrity, St. Hippo (by St. Leger from Hippona), who carried Tst. 71b. and won the New Zealand Cup in a canter, cutting out the distance in Umin. SOlsec., is under orders for Australia, being engaged in the Y.RC. SI. Ijogpr on the itli of next March. St. Uii'I'o suffered defeat iu the Canterbury Derby though, his conqueror being Mr. G. G Stead's brown colt Rtepniak (by Nordeufeldt out if Steppe), who defeated the New Zealand Cup \viii ner by three-parts of a length in juiin, I'j:,,see., 1) in O'Hrien's colt l/uinceston (by Tasnian from Hubinal, won iwne very l'ast, towards the finish, finishing half-a-lengLli ln-hind St. Hippo. Si'ni'N IA K must be a real good colt, too, scein"- that on the llith November he carried 7st. fill", and won the Canterbury Cup, of two miles and a ipiarter, from Prime Warden (full brother to Sultan), Craeksliut, Merrie Kngland and baunceston by two lengthsin -Imiii. 4ljsec. Thk Maorilauders appear to have a couple of smart.youngsters It wo-year-olds) in M r.,1 H. Jteid's brown colt Skirmisher (by Yangunrd from Ouida, by Tubal Cain from Argosy) and Mr. J. Paul's bay colt Westmeie (by Escutcheon from Leonessa, by L'-oliuus from I'et.rolcuse. imp.) Skirmisher won the Welcome Stakes, of four furlongs, by a ueck f ro in \Ve.-,tmere, tho half-mile h--ing traversed in •V.^scc., Onii. O'Hrien's Jjoyaltv (by St. George from Fair Nell) being the nearest of eight oihcrs, twii lengths away. Conceding West mere -tlb. Hi" conceded liifii lilll)., but the last-named carried <illi. overweight) in the Juvenile Stakes, of live furlongs, Skirmisher carried liis Tst. Wlb. home a length in front, of the Escutcheon coif in the •sj>:iiikiiiii time of Jinin. lijsec. On the last day of the m"ctiug, th'uigh, Westmere liad his revenue in tin* Electric Plate, of four furlongs, wheiein lie cariierl list. 111b. to Skirmisher's list. 101b.. and lw.it him out of a place, the time being -lOisec. As Skirmisher iliiln't finish closer than fourth (Token being second and Wakawatea third) it may betaken for granted that the sou ol Vanguard was " a bit oi\ ' on the latter occasion. Amonost the sprinting division they have a four-year-old filly named Morgnnser (by Nordenfeldt from Albatross), who carried S»t. and ivon tin! Jockey Club Handicap, of one mil", m Imin. •IHsec., defeating Rosefeldt (7.4), Kulniii" I'M.2 . Young Cheviot (H.-M, Cynisen, ('.IT) "lid eleven others. The time appears to Iuivp been a trifle swift all along the lim, howerer, at the Canterbury Jockey Club Meet ins, ^ onu^ Cheviot, an a«;ed horse (by Cheviot from Fanny), is credited with carryiup; lust. lib. and winning t he Riccarton Welter Handicap, of six furhnezs, in Imin. lliisec. Anain. he won the Maiden Sta.kes--(an a^ed horse winniim' a Maiden Stakes!)—of a mile, carrying Sft. 2ll>„ in Imin. •iL'Uec. And furi hennore be was called upon to concede Morjranser Mlh. (,Sst. ."ilb.. to Tst. .jllv), in the Criterion Handicap, of seven furlonsm, won by the latter by a length in Imin. :iosec. All of which thiiijis reiniire lixin^oii the tablets of one's memory seeing that tin- Newmarket Handicap is looming ill the distance. Having once or twice twitted the Victorian Handicapper. Mr. F. F. Dakin. a bom the number of malcontents that have dropped out after the declaration of bis apportionments for some of our principal handicap?, it is only fair Hint I" should direct attention to the fact, that in New South Wales the "Australian Admiral Iious "—Mr. J. A. Scarr, to wit —occasionally experiences the same sort of a rebnlT. This is very noticeable in the list; of acceptors for t he two principal races at Sydney Tattersall's Annual Meeting on 2lith December and 2nd January, no less than 37 having eried. "Hold: Enough!" iu the six furlong sprint and l.'j in the two-niilo event, the following stili remaining therein : — CAIIRI N'JTON STAKEK. (If 7."iil sovs.; second, liK.I sovs.; third, 50 sovs. Six furlongs et. Hi si. Ill at, lb. Marvel ... 10 7,CardoneB6 .. 7 m Ginubam ... 7 0 Victor IIogo Jl liffusc 7 ID Cannon ... 7 U Habel ... h 11 Hero Dan O Coonors it La Peroiise Floirie ... H Ifliockwall .. Kllamrock ... K H Solon AualuR ... H TiVestatia l'riineMinisteiS Vi.Moya Chatham Nettcastli ... Oxeubam ... Puarauiond Alexander ... InBiijtiia Hirinji Pilot Hoy ... Alcides Mascara ]{el Gioroo Marvel Melos Paris Oxide Donizetti Bplendidc Althotas ICtbftlbert Kaaliu Chatham Florrie PriaieMinister7 '10 U.K. Little lteruie Ve^pasia ... 7iNeptuiie ... 7 M -lllMavmate ... 7 ft 4 : Spvelass ... 7 H 2 Two Up ... 7 h 2 Currawanq 7 ft O'Tlie Markee 7 7 12 Myall King ... 7 7 12 Ktltuore ... 7 7 12 Lady Trentou 7 7 lljOtbinar ... 7 7 10 Cooee ... 7 Afli&nce; Selkirk Pilot Hoy . Candour Uonda Alexander. 8 2 rciymas Mugnua Attalus Talkative . Pippin Newcastle . Kockwall , uoucafiter 8 Two Up 7 Kl Montana ... 7 0 first Trenton 0 1-2 Narrara 0 11 Hobartville G 111 Hrend& 6 H! Aanarrow ... 0 II! Warwick .. Finis Fiber Widden Mediaa :i Plot :) Vangrave .. Alba Tauri Tatteiisall's Club Cdp. sovs. each, with SOU sovs. added; second Hid sovs.; third, oU sovs. Two miles. St.lb.i st.lb. 7 7 Hop Hitters 010 7 7lArqu«bus ... u 7 rJliirinji ... fi 7 OlCalliupe ... Ii 7 i Myall King (1 7 4lNeptmie ... li 7 IllStraiehtlire 0 7 ;VSiWer Kuigbt 11 •7 ^.bady Trenton G 7 ll'Narrara ... 0 7 UiBlue Pater r. 0 12 Me.liua ... U 0 0 111 |> }j ' 0 7 <i 7 ]] i| 0 0 0 n 0 ... li 0 The first time I ever met. Jonathan Brown, the Y.lt.C. lianger, to hold converse with him, must have been fully ye^ws ago, when a party of us (mere lads at the time) started out one Saturday night on a fishing excursion to the Saltwater liiver. We, were all Carlton boys, and in those davs it was thought to he no end of along tramp to the fishing ground, near the l'unt on the Saltwater liiver, where mullet and breaui were wont toahound in the seasou. Well, we started out, armed with the necessary impedimenta.and fished all night,up and down the river; but with very moderate success, Sunday moruiug breaking a regular " brickfielder." We were only young at the piscatorial art, and had not provided ourselves with any fluid; so that about half-past six in the morning we were one and nil as dry as a lime-kiln, by this time we were at the back of the Hill, behind the Grand Stand, which was then in course of erection, ai'id as we grew more parched, and there was no possibility of getting anything to assuage our thirst, I mooted the idea that we should scale the fence, and try if there was any water stowed away in tanks in the building. [Mem.—We were then in blissful ignorance of such a personage as the V.K.C. lianger being in existence.] Well, my P'^jcct was acted upon, and over the fence, we all climbed, rummagingahout in the new huildin^ but, failing to discover the slightest, symptoms of anything m the shape of water. We bad given the thing up as a bad job, and were just about, to clamber over the fence again when we spotted a little ferrot-t'aeed man healing down oil us, holding a savage-looking dog by a chain and collar. 1 tell ynu we " shinned " over that fence before you could say 11 Jack Robinson !" and didn't feel any too safe until we reached the centre of the course and found the dog wasn't after us in full cry. However, if the dog wasn't, Jonathan Hrown was: and as v.'o felt that, we hadn't done anything criminal we waited until he caught up to us. " What were, you young varmints doing in t hat 'ere grand stand !'" was the Ferret's first question, his eyes meanwhile Sashing round to see how many of us felt inclined to show fight. Oil informing Mm "f 'he fads of tile ease be refused 1o l«> plae-ited for some, time. growling forth tlie pains and penalties we had incurred through trcspas-ing where wo " didn't oughter." •• Are v.,11 sure vmi didn't strike any matches ill there he asked, at last. No; none of us indulged ill the weed then-, and we. hadn't struck anv mulches. " Were we quite sure ••" Yes. we we're quite pertain about it. We bad only "rone in to look for water—we wen' so thirsty, and hadn't struck anv matches. " We had been fUliing all night! Had we had any luck "Onlv these"Yew little bream." "And were we still tbirstv '-'' ' Aye. that we were." " Well, come along'o' me :" And up we went to his domicile, and—what price the, milk and water Jonathan resiled us on ! 1 have had many a drink about that' quarter sine that time—and of stuff a little stronger tin,,, inil'c and water, von bet !—but, [ „VI.r tn=teil alight half mi sweet ns that. Talk „i,m,t >,*,.<:( nr! It, was a Drink Kit For the Gods, And when we luid bad our fiil Jonathan put on |,jR „f,,n, enuntcnanco. once more, and informed us (i1H, was H .. worry good job as how bis dog -J^pp^n hadn't cnugbt sight of ns.or else he would have nipped the seat of snine of our pants for ns," and. after administering various other " good and M.tIill reasons " why we should never dream of entering upon the Y.K.C. reserves again, he allowed ns to wend our ways homeward m peace. Poor old Jonathan ! Many and many a time since have we. lnnghod together over the warning relative to " his dog Tippoo." Tai.kinu about Tippoo reminds ine that "Old Jack " was the provider of something even more mul-stirring than liorseracing on thn Y.H.C. demesne. It. is all over now. and the vast, majority of the participants are "sleeping in their little beds:" and so there's no harm in doing a little of the Admiral Dell-1 he-Cat. business. Well, many a good cock fight, dog fieht—aye, even Man Fight —lms been brought otT ill close contiguity to Fleuiington Moor. Law love you! once upon a time—in the early days—the Sydney men never dreamed about bringing their horses down hero without fetching a main or hvo of "birds'' to keep up the reputation of the Mother Colony. AVell, Jonathan was the man who had to produce "foe-cocks worthy of their steel,'' so to speak. And he genprally managed to do it. albeit, oil one occasion, the Sydneyiteshad brought.down such a ringing lit t lefeHow that th^Yictoriansdidn't stand a ghost of a eliunce with anything they brought against him (he killed them all right off one after another) until at last they handicapped him just prior to one buttle by surreptitiously feeding him until, as the lianger teiv-ely put it—" his craw was stuffed as full as a blooming boil-tick." so that, lie wasn't ipiick enough in his movements, and soon received the coiijidc gracr himself. Sometimes tliev would bring a good dog down, aud then either George Strilte or Jonathan Hrown would have to produce a parallel. Jonathan assured me that he managed to hold bis own against then: pretty well, until one time they put a double, on him which cost him and his patrons " a. whole sliipfull of money." It seems Jouathin had two good fighting dogs ; but one fullow was particularly " killing " in effect; once he got his favourite'jrrip he never let go till the enciuy expired. The other was also a very good dog; but not in) to the tip-top form of Tippoo (the first dog mentioned). After the Sydney men had brought down various dogs against Tippoo and got Worsted they at length ' made another match and planked down their dollars like water on their own dog. Nothing loth, the Victorians responded, until, as I said before, there was " a sliipfull of money" depending on the result. The scrap come off. and—curious to relate— Tippoo got his favourite hold, let go, and—was beaten! Jonathan said—" I never seed such a thing. I couldn't, make it out for the life of me. At last a Scotch chap as knocked about Kirk's 13a?,aar in those days comes out to me, and he says—'Jack! Tippoo wa-s got at.' ' Hoiv's that ?' says 1. ' He was poisoned," savs he. • Poisoned V says T; 'how could they poison him ?' ' Uy putting poison on the other liog's neck, says he; ' that's how he come to let go when he had his hold. You should have insisted oil having both dogs well washed before they started,' he says; 'then they wouldn't have been able to poison Tipp.oo on you,' ' Well, that's a pretty go,' 1 savs; * but I'D have another slap at them with the other j)up, ;uid shall take all sorts „ ,, . ,, • „ , , . . to the Make the match aud I'll put you up to a wrinkle how to carcumvent them next time,' says he : aud so I took care to make the match, having it distinctly understood that both dogs were to be we'll washed with warm water previous to commencing to fight. Every- thing went on right until three or four days afore ihe scrap, when tile Scotch chap comesup to me and says—' Jack ! you keep a cow—don't you r' 1 J does,' I replied. ' Well, then, 1 want you to keep me a pint or two of her water for a couple of days,' he says. ' What, for ?' asks J. ' Never you mind.' says he; 1 all you've got to do is to tell your frieuds to pop all they've got on your dog, lie's sure to win.' 1 Hut I won't do that until I know what you're going to do,' says 1 ; and then, when lie saw I was determined like, he Hps and tells me that if the cow's water was kept tor forty-eight hours and then rubbed in for twelve hours more into a dog's neck at the roots of the hair, allowing it to dry now and again, all tlie washing in the world wouldn't get it out for weeks, and any dog that, got one taste of it would never go for another.'' However, to make a long story short. Jceuitliai followed out the Scotchman'sad vice, and both dogs were thoroughly washed previous to being set on one another; the Sydney dog caught. Jonathan's by the throat, hut immediately let go. and stood with lus mouth open ready to vomit, until the Yietorian "dorg" caught him at. all advantage and settled his hash in quick sticks. That was how Jonathan told me the story; but, never having operated with the cow ointment myself, I cannot vouch for it, albeit I have i-ve.-y faith in t lie facts being as the worthy lianger related them to me. Wheat Giesar's Ghost! What a book I could publish of the yarns Jonathan Hrowu has spun to me, one timo aud another, to wile away an hour or two whilst things were dull of a morning on the training tracks. Some few months before he died we were chatting about Hob Fee and J tat Hardy and Harry Sallars :»id Joe Kitchen and Hillv Honi'he and George Strike aud the Bufchers' Arms. ' Hid I ovpi' tell you about the Fifty and thn Uutchers' Arms ? "' ho illquired of me at length. " 1 don't, remember that yaru," 1 replied. " Well, you know the old place, of cnur-e, in Elizabeth-street ; a rough old shop it was, too; the same snwdimt on the floor from one week's end to another, hardly ever swept out. I was in there one evening,"he continued, " when in comes a big digger eliap about half shikkered. and he says to the landladvof the place— 1 Do you mind me changing a pound note here, this afternoon r' 'I. do,'she replied. 1 Well, flien, I made a mistake; I gave you a Fifty instead o/ a Oil",' he says. 1 You are making a mistake.it was a One Pound Note.' the landladv sivs. liui it, was of 110 use: he maintained black-was-white that it was a. Fifty, and she w.15 as hard and last that it was a One. At last he says : 1 Oh.it doesn't much mailer—there's plenty more where that came from ; aud perhaps you give it away for a One yourself;' and with tint he. calls for a bottle of ii?.., pays for it, drinks it. and out lie goes. Somehow when 1 was laying abed that, night I couldn't get, that diggercliap and bis Fifty Pound Note out of my bead nohow. 1 It's a certainty he made sure he had it •when he came into the pub the first time.' 1 thinks to myself ; and it's a certainty he didn't give it to the landlady.' And then it strikes me about his happening to V.ave dropped it. and about the place never being swept out. I tell you I was iu that bar pretty early next morning—as soon as the landlady had it open ; and laying close alongside the counter 1 spots a dirty bit of paper all oruuioled up like. '1 think' I'll have an 'arfmi-'arf this morning, missus,' I says, sidling towards where the dirty piece of piper was laying, and then I suddenly remembers myself and 1 calls for a glass of bottled porter instead. Now. do yon know why I changed to bottled porter ?" he asked. " I do not." 1 replied. *• Well, because there's ahead on it. and it was sure to be thicker. Making a swallow at the froth 1 spits it out again (right over where the dirty piece of paper lay), as if there had been a fly iu the stuff, and then puts my foot riyht down on the paper and presses it hard. In course the thing stuck to the sole of my boot, and taking advantage of an opportunity when her back was turned, 1 cocks up my foot, whips down my hand, drags off the dirty piece of paper, sticks it in my pocket, and strolls out to the back to have a look at it. It was all right. I had the Fifty right enough !" 