BUDDHISM IN CEYLON. By W. Roby Fletcher.. M. A. No 4. THE SACRED BO-TEEE. In my last paper I introduoed my readers to the tuina of the great city of Anuradhapnra, and gave some account of the Brazan Pal? :?, which is now represented by nothing save a number of ugly uncarved granite pillars. Aa we came out of the forest of oolumna we Baw a small party of pilgrims comini? along the sacred way. They were bringing offerings oE flowers for Euddha. Putting their hands to gether, palm to palm, over their heads, and how'ng low towards a cluster of traea near by they uttered their sacred greeting, 'Sadhu, Hadhu, Sadhu.' We, too, followed them. Before us was a atone enclosure filled with Homo noble tree?, which in some oasea seemed to bo tearing tho wall to pieces with their con torted roota. A flight of atep3 lead up to the onolosed grove. At the foot of it h a sorb o! semioiroular stone door mat, called a 'moon- atone.' There are many of these scattered about tho city, but this la an espoaially fino one. It is formed of carved streams of mystical oroature3 going round from right to left. The outerlborder showa a procession of elephants, lious, horses, and bull3 ; inside them is a string of lotus flowers ; and inside them again a solemn row of Baored geese; while in the innei.rosb circle of all is again a lotus lower. Every thing on this stono mat has ite hidden mean ings to the initiated, but with these I will not trouble my readers. On each side of the stairs ia a hideous figure, representing the guardians of the shrine ? but we resist any inclination to be afraid of the carvon monsters, and ascend the steps. Entering the grove we note a large stone image of the Sitting Buddha on our right hand, and a numbc-r of other images, but all with a tattered look about them and bet., ng many wounds. The trees of the grove are magnificent speci mens of the sacred fig ('Ficus religiosa') with a number of palms rningled with them. One of these fig-trees measures 10 ft, in diameter at 6 ft. from the ground, and thh trunk has grown completely rouud a pa1(nyra-trae with oub injuring it, producing a most curious effect The grove contains a eecond and higher plat form of masonry, up to which we asoended by another stairway, and on that is a third sur rounded by an iron railing. In the centre of this highest tier ia the sacred tree itself, much smaller and less imposing than its gigantio daughters. Ita branches extend far over the railing and eeem tottering with age and worn out by incessant homage. ItB leaves, as ia their wont, were incessantly quivering, but no one ever dares to pluck one. This ceaseless movement, say the faithful, ia due to ita sympathy with the Great Buddha, who under the parent tree at Gaya, in India, fought out liia bitter struggle and gained the victory over tho world, the flush, and all the devils that f -sailed him. I wanted much to pluck a leaf bub tho yellow-robed guardians would not hear of such a sacrilege, and for a time I had to content myself with picking up, like other pilgrims, one or two that had fallen. I confess, however, that I was not restrained, in a short moment when the guardians were busy with the pilgrims, committrng the awful crime of stealing two leaves and slipping them into my pocket. I noticed how one part of the railing was quite broken away, and found out) the rcison from a photograph that I had in my guidebook. A long branch had -; for many years tliown signs of weakness, and, like an old rer is. it had been tenderly supported by a prop, but a Btrong monBoon gale had torn ib from the parent trunk, and in ita fall ib had broken the railing. As we stood there watch ing wo saw three pilgrims with reverend care putting lotus flowers on each spearhead of the rail, and when that was done they took a ' chatty' and poured out a libation of milk over one of the branches. We noticed that various parts of the principal arm of the tree were gilded with tattered gold leaf, and a few faded garlands adorned its aged nakedness. It was a strange sight to witness this modern remnant of the worship of a sacred grove or ' Aaherah,' to which there is such frequent refeience in the Scriptures, and ib was interesting indeed to picture the thousands of p'tgrima who have kept on doing homage to this tree for the past twenty one centuries. Around in the enolosure were cartlqHs of broken lamps, brought hither for midnight worship by the faithful, and nume rous fragment!* of broken begging-bowls left by the monks. The whole place looks venerable, battered, and weird, but the religious feeling that deems it sacred is by no means dead. A3 a strange contrast to the solemn impression of the Hcene and the calm earnestness of the monki. wo saw a troop of monkeys making merry among the other trees of the enclosure, and looking with srreedy envious eyes upon two ohatties full of b nled rice whioh two women oame to offer to the sacred tree. Doubtless they were nob bo awed with the sanotity of the place as to restrain themselves from gather ing up the fragments, on the first ohanoe, that nothing might be loft. My friend and I walked all round all the enclosures. In a Buddhist sanctuary there is no restriction, and no grudging of the intru sion of strangers. The monkeys and the pea cocks watched us carefully and with more suspicion than the yellow-robed devotees, and could nob understand our movements as we measured the various trees and took note of the many ruined columns that lay about. All these treea are more or less sacred, bub no im pediment was placed in our way if we wanted to pluck any of the leaves, though the worshippers themselves would nob do such a thing. My friend told mo that all the trees of this species everywhere are deemed some what sacred. A Bo-tree was planted about twenty years ago in thn Wealeyan Mission Compound 'at' Galle. This occasioned muoh remark among the islanders, who could nob understand it, and whose comment) was— 'Even the missionaries must have a Bo-tree in their garden.' It grew apace, and one intrusive bough overhung a tennis oourb in auoh a way as to make the missionaries wishful to get rid of ib. No Cingalese man would, however, undertake the wnrk of cutting ib oS. Usually the mildest of ser vants, they were obstinate in their refusal. A Tamil man from India had to bo gob to do the work. The wounded bough naturally oozed much sap. 'See how Buddha bloeds,' said the onlookers. TITE STORY OF THE SACRED THEE. 'What ia the true story of this tree?' This was the question I nuked of my friend aa we sab clown under the shade of thab curious grove. 'There ia no doubt,' said ho, ' thab this trea was brought aa a sapling from tho troa that onca grew ab Buddha Gaya, near Patna, in India. The records are most clear and con sistent. No tree in the world has such a long and such a genuine history. Ib was brought from India by the Princess Sanghamitta, the sister of the royal missionary Mahindo, in the year 215 E.a, and seems to have taken kindly to the land of its banishment. The parent trco in India has disappeared of late yoars, and so this tree remains without a rival as tho most famous and the most venerated in .-ill the world. Thero iB another very old Bo-tree at Kandy, whioh was a branch of this one, end is held in almost as much respect as this; but as ib is only the granddaughter and this ia the daughter of Buddha'a Bo-tree, its reputation does bub enhance thab of this trco.' I bavo since then searched into the history of this tree in the obscure pages of the Mahawamo, and from that record I will set down, partly in my own wordu, and partly in the words of the historian, this wonderful story. I do not either ask or expocb my readers ta believe all that I tell them out of Chapter xviii. of thab ancienb chronicle, although it is entitled with due emphasis ' The obtain ing of the great Bodhi branch, mm posed equally for thn delight and the affliotion of righteous men.' HOW A DIFFICULT QUESTION WAS SOLVED. Ib was in the time of the famous King Tl«» thab all this oame about. He reigned during tho time thab the royal missionary Mahindo was ab work preaching and teaching and con verting the land to the religion of Buddha. lie had a sister, a very holy lady, who resided at Gaya in India, and he persuaded the king to send an ambassador to the Rajah of thab country, asking thab the lady should come to help on the good work, and that she should bring with her, as a blessed favour, a branch of the original Bo-tree. I omit the story of how this puzzlinor and flatteringmessage was received and debate'*, and how the lady expressed her willingness to become a missionaiy, if the re quest was g.-nnted. The great difficulty was bow to geb such a branch. Who would dare to cub ib off? Who would venture to make Buddha bleed in his own land? 'Ib ia not ' meet,' said the Rajah, 'to lop ib with any wnspon ; how then can I obtain a branch thereof?' A great assembly of priests said ib ought to be done, and as ' ought' is the measure of ' can be' prerarations were made for the ceremony. All the highways to the temple were swept Md decorated with banners. The king himself turned goldsmith, and out of ; a mass of the precious metal prooeeded with , his own hand to fashion a suitable golden flowerpot as big aa a washtub, for it measured 4 ft. In diameter. This mighty acd pon derous vessel was brought ready; a vast concourse of soldier*, oitizens, and priests, and even kings, assembled ; the tree ' was deckel with rows of streaming banners, was glitter ing with gems, and laden with offerings of flowers of every hue, and surrounded by the sound of every description of music.' Every thing was ready except the axe and the &iw;, which seemed to have been thought quite unnecessary, as indeed was the oase, for ' as they stood gazing Ihereon with uplifted clasped hands, lo the small twigs that were on the right-hand bough suddenly disappeared, leaving the stem bare.' Here was a miracle indeed. The King was bo overjoyed that he cried oub ' I make an offering of my entire empire to the greab Bo-tree.' I suppose he, like many others, did not intend his words to be taken seriously, for I do nob read that he resigned his throne. However, the golden flower-pot was brought right under the bough. He then took, not a knife, or a pruning-hook, or anything bo sensible and practical, bat a golden paintbrush, which he dipped in vermi lion ana marked a crimson streak round the bough, and exclaimed, 'If this supreme right Bo branch from this Bo-tree is destined to depart hence to the hind of Lanka let it, self severed, instantly transplant itself into the golden vaao.' What else could the branch do bub obey? It immediately performed for itself a fission and lay upon the rim of the flo -ver-pob, which was filled with scented earth. It did not at once plant itself, but the King was quite equal to the emergency, for again taking hi3 golden paintbrush and his pot of vermilion he traced nine streaks around the severed stem three inches apart. From one of these streaks sprouted three tap roots, and from eaoh of the others ten smaller roots, all of which descended into the scented soil of the vase. Here was a wonder indeed ! Who could be a scentic after that? Who would not second the missionary zeal of the Princess after that? No wonder we read that the King ' stood on his golden chair and set up a shout, which was echosd by the surrounding spectators ;' no wonder that the priests rent the air with their oheora and thab all the heavens heard tho cry, 'Sadhu! Sadhu !' and that the yakkahs of the infernal regions grievousl)' yelled. THE VOYAGE AND AHBIVAIi Or THE TKEE. Many and fantastic wero tho adventures of the Bo-tree in its migration. It was carried up into the blue sky for a trip. Ib was then placed upon a grand eharioiand brought to the capital. It was embarked on a gorgeous barge, on which were also placed sixteen vases of gold and silver with which to water it, and thus was floated down tho Ganges. In imme diate and happy attendance upon ib were the missionary Princess and her eleven priestesses. When the ocean was reached another vessel was ready, and eighteen royal personages and eighteen nobles and sundry others, with the Rajah in their midst, boro it aloft, and waded in up to their necks, and then mo?t carefully deposited it in the vessel, wheraupon the King, 'the delighter in good,' stood in hia dripping garments on the shore 'with up lifted hands, and gazing on the depart ing Bo-branch, shed tears in the bitterness of his grief, and weeping and lamenting in loud eobs departed tor his own capital.' Then the voyage commenced. All storms were hushed, and no one suffered from the ocean swell, for ' within the circle of a yogana nil the waves were quieted, while an invisible choir in the air chanted sweetest melodies and scattered perfumes.' It was not to be expected thab the devilish nagas would let all this go on without th3ir interference, bat the holy Princess Sanghamitta not only kept them off, bnt converted them to the true faith. The voyage was pleasant, rapid, and prosperous, and as the ship drew near to the palm-girt island of Lanka, the pioui King Tissa was on the Bhore waiting for its reception. Then we read that the great Prophet Mahindo and the ecthuBiastio King and many others began a chant, which ran, ' This is the Bo from the Bo tree at whioh Buddha attained Buddha hood,' and as they rushed into the waters took the tree in its golden flower-pot on their heads, carried it on to the bee ?h, and ' deposited it in the suporb hall whioh had been built on the shore.' The King himself, surrendering his sovereign authority aa the other King bad done, to the tree, mounted gaard as a sentinel, and waited thus at the gate for three entire days in the discharge of this sacred duty. HOW li! WAS P£ \NliJD. Other . adventures followed ere the tree rested in 'the grove where I saw it. Along a- new highway, ' sprinkled with whit9 sand and lined with banners and garlands of flowers,' the tree was brought in ' a superb car' through the villages that lay in the route and entered the city of Anuradhapi-ra by the northern gate. It was then brought to the Drepirr d grove of palms and pipuls, and was lifted by royal and priestly hands out of the car. Then, says the chronicler (bat this fact is, I admit, open to question), 'springing 80 cubits up into the air, self-poised and re splendent, it casb forth a halo of rays of six colours,' aid there it remained all the day till the sun was near its Betting. As the shadows grew longer the trea and its golden vase came down, and 'thereupon the earth did quake.' The roots became excited, and c'imbing up over the rim of the great golden flower-pot, shot downwards to the earth, and not only tixed themselves there, but forced down the vase itself deep into the ground, and there it re mains to thia day ; and as that vase was as thick aa an elephant's trunk, and as big as a wine vat, a valuable gold mine must lie hidden beneath that tree, awaiting some saoreligious speculators to get up a Company to dig for it. When the tree was thus self -planted it needed watering. This time this process must be the work of the spirits of B6aven. Heavy rain cpme down, and ' dense cool olouds enveloped the grert Bo-tree in their snowy womb.' For Beven days the tree was invisible, and when the clouds lifted the tree was seen in all its beauty with a halo of six coloured rays. We read in the Book of Revelation how, in tha idealized picture of the new earth, there was a grove whose trees bare twelve manner of fruits, and whose leaves were for the healing of the nations. The same idea is to be found in the old chronicle, for we read how the Bo-tree let fall a ripened fruit which the King pioked up and planted, and 'while they were gazing at it eight sprouting shoots were produced and became vigorous plants, each one 4 cubits high.' These young tress were distributed to various centres in tho island, and one of them was taken to Kandy. Erewhile they each bore four fruits, which planted themselves through out the land 'by virtue of the glory of Buddha inherent in the Bodhi-tree, and for the spiri tual happiness of the people of tho country.' TREE AND SEHPEKJ WOHSHIP. Suoh is the history of this famous old trea in which wild legond is commingled with precise fact, and which, whatever else we may say of it, is radiant with a simple bub sincere faith in the truth of the religion of Buddha. In worship ping the unknown under the symbol of a tree Buddhism is not peov'iar. Such worahip is mentioned again and a?ain in the Old Testa ment. It is presented frequently on the ?oulDtures from Nineveh. It was obsorved by our Druidical forefathers in Britain, and it is everywhere manifested in India, where sasred trees can be counted by thousand5'. It is generally associated with some scrt of serpent worship, and reminds us, though it is difficult to trace the connection, of the tree of life, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, which grew nrr.r together in the thoraless Garden of Eden, and which garden was a paradise of innocent joy until the subtle Eerpcnt invaded it and palmed itself off as a would-be sage. By the time my friend and I had male the acquaintance of the sacred Bo-tree the sun had assumed such a mastery that we deomed it wise to retreat to the grateful shade cf the resthouse. Our tramp amid the rains made us well able to appreciate a bath, and after that our 'burra hazri,' or proper breakfast, to which we aat down about 11 o'clock. BUINB. We had seen .just enough to whet our appe tite for more ruins. We found from our plan that the principal remains of this old city may be reaohed by two circular tracks— the inner one about two miles in length, and the outer one about three times aa long. The rest of the jungle, which oovera the site of the city for six miles in every direction, has not yet bean explored. It is not likely that any very large ruins will be unearthed, for the houses of the people wero built of temp iraiy material, and have been washed dona by the rains and torn by the roots of trees, but still there is no doubt that a rich harvest awaits the explorer, for this city origi nally boasted of hundreds of palaoos, and even moro numerous monasteries. During the afternoon the Government Arohreologisb (Mr. Bell) drove up in his bullock-bandy, and he offered to take ui oub for our afternoon excur sion. \Ve gladly accepted his invitation, and meanwhile waited in pleasant arohreologioa1. discussion the comparative coolness of approaching evening. A BITTING BUDDHA. I will not attempt to give anything lika a detailed description of what we saw on that intereet:tig drive. Oar guide knew every stone in the jungle, and every few yards made his bandy atop and showed us innumerable ouriosi tiee tnat we should never have suspeotad to be there— enormous bath*, the foundations of royal homes, atones carved with seven- headed snakes, altars for flowers, stables for elephants, ruins of monasteries, sitting statues of Buddha, and innumerable dagobas. It did indeed seem strange to find amid the densest jungle, again and again, an enormous granite Buddha sitting alone in the wilderness, contemplating nothing, unmoved by thedrenohing monsoons, or the revolutions of empires. On one occasion W9 got our driver to squat by the imajje in the same attitude as Buudha, so that we might compare the two, and Mr. Bell told him to look straight before him at nothing, o that his face might have some trace of the dreamy serenity of the original. The effort at obtain ing the proper expression was not, however, very BcooessiuL We passed along the edge of the great tank or reservoir of Tiaaa-wewa, constructed 300 c.c , whioh in its turn is fed from other water works higher np in the hills. Those anoient Kings Oi Anuradhapura were splendid hydraulic engineers. The city was the out co ne of their skill in this direction, and now that a paternal Government is reconstructing those great dams and channels there is no reason why the oity should not rise from the dead and grow and become famous once more. We paced tie edge of that vast artificial lake lost in admiration at the skill of the architect of it. It looked tempting for a swim, but we saw here, thero, everywhere amid the shallows at the edge, and among the reeds, the suspicious snouts of a school of crocodiles, and we lost all wish for a bath when we learned what com pany we should meat in the waters. When dealing with suchlike creatures in thoir native haunts, the better part of valour is discretion. A SACRED PABK. Finally we found ourselves in the midst of » beautiful grassy park, surrounded with the choicest iuins. This seems to have been ft kind of holy forum in the ancient city. Here we dismissed our bandy, as the sun was nearly getting, and walked around. At each end of a green award some half-mile in length was a dagoba. The one to the north is small, but is a model of grace ; the other to the south is very much larger and very rich in historio memorials. The names of these dagobas sound to us uncoutbj but they have a music of their own which ia very sweet to the devou-. Buddhist. The one monument is called Thuparama, the other Ruan welli. The former is the oldest building in Ceylon, and older than any in India, and is one of the best preserved. It was built by King Dewananpia Tissa in the year S07 B.C., and its purpose was to enshrine and preserve the collar-bone of Buddha himself, which, somehow or other, together with the tooth, escaped being burned when the holy piophet was cremated. This colhr-bone was brought in great state to Ceylon, Fid ihoKrag, it is said, put it on the back of the huge State elephant. The elephant was overjoyed with the honour, and carried the relic to the site of that dagoba, and there he stood. The King wanted to take the relio down, but the elephant would not think of such a thing. 'What means this?' said the King. The ansvverwa- that the elephant, knowing how high hia back was, and that the high seat wa? the seat of honour, would not al'ovv the saired th-ng to be brought low. Tue e'ephonb under stood all that was said, and looked his approval. He stood stock still while the King's men brought a great many baskets of mud from the tank, and maae therewith a conies', mound which was a little hiche: than the back of the wise animal. The relic was then quietly remove d 1 1 the top of that spire of mud, and the elephant, and the King, and all the people made ot iaacce to the wonderful charm. Around that mound the dagoba of Thuparama : was sub sequently built, completely burying and hiding the sacred treasure, and there I sup pose it remains to thia day. THE ECAKWELLI DAGOBA. The other dagoba, oalled 'Ruanwelli,' or ' Golden Dust,' is much move imposing. It is about aa high as the Post-Office tower, and ha? a diameter of nearly 400 ft., so that the entire Post-Office might be buried inside it. It was surrounded by m long regiment of great stone elephants with real ivory tusks, but the elephants are sadly mutilated, and their tasks beve been stolen away long ago. This great dagoba is now being restored by the pious con* tributions of the pilgrims who come to visit the shilnes which are around it. It, too, hai its romantic legends, whioh tell how once on a time a certain able and chivalrous usurper named Elalt tat on the throne; how the native and propsr royal family tried in vain to unseat the usurper; how at las! the matter was decided, not by a pitched battle, but by ? Homerio duel between the chieftains ; how the King, mounted on his elephant, charged the usurper mounted on another elephant ; how eaoh warrior hurled his spear at hi9 foe, and how Elala fell and Dutugaimanu reigned ia peace. So great was the King's admiration of his brave antagonist that he erected a uiago;. ficeni tomb on the spot where he fell, and1' commenced this great dagoba as a monument of the victory— B.C. 161. We stood between those two venerable dagobas as the sun went down behind the tress. Around us were ruins without number, each with its legendary background of romance to give it a living interest, and each a puzzle to the antiquarian. It seemed as though we were encompassed about with ghosts of far-gone ages which took form in the bats that were wheeling overhead. A sound of tomtoms from the visage reminded us that the time of offer ing the evening sacrifices of flowers had come, and that the faith in Buddha whioh had in spired the builders of these straotares, was nob dead yet. The lights of a small baud of pilgrims going the circuit of the dagoba twinkled against the shrubbery. We set off on our walk home to the resthouse, musing on the strange mysteries of this religion of despair, which, in spite of it3 awful negations, has so much charm for these paople. To us it is in comprehensible that auch a re!;gion should have any attraction ab all. It presents to ita doubtless a tender morality, but it in baied on the denial of pleasure. It offers aa a reward for virtue not the expansion, but the eternal shrivelment of our energy. It opens up a rest in Nirvina in which nothing remains to enjoy that rest. It practically denies a God, and offora instead a human prophet who is wrapped in an everlasting sleep and has conquered hia deaire to be anything con coivable. It takes no form as prayer, and yet makes much of magical incantations. In all those thing3 it is the direct opno3ite of Christianity, which comes as a glad messase from a living God, through a living Christ, and offers us righteousnf 's in our sin, pep.?8 in ou: troubles, and eternal joy in God as an immortality of blessedness. I do not hesitate to say of Buddhism that it ia the purest of non-Scriptural religions, bnt the religion of Jesus is as sunlight contrasted with moonlight when named in comparison therewith. 