CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The Christian Conference on " the Gift of the Holy Ghost was continued in the Petersham Town Hall yesterday afternoon and evening. Both gatherings were very largely attended, and at the evening meeting large numbers of persons were unable to find even standing room. The Rev. J. Watsford occupied the chair, and the devotional exercises which inaugurated the meetings were marked by) extraordinary enthusiasm. At the first service the Rev. Mr. Clark dealt with " Spiritual Blessing " as evidenced by the " power for testimony." His remarks were based on Acts i. and vin. . '. Ye shall receive power, and ye shall be My witnesses." The Rev. H. George, who followed, was entrusted with the phase of the subject revealed in " Spiritual Blessing," as shown by courage and patience under provocation, and the large congregation had placed before them the example of Stephen as represented in the verse, " But he being full of the Holy Ghost looked up steadfastly into Heaven, and they stoned Stephen, and he cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge." The interval meetings were devoted to informal discussions on the topics dealt with in the addresses, and it was stated that the results of the conference have already been most marked. In evening the Rev E' Clouston, B A., pursuing the theme, "Spiritual Blessings dealt with it from the standpoint of " the wisdom that is from above." He was followed by the Rev. J Buchan, M.A., whose remarks on the same subject were devoted to its manifestation in " love to Christians and to all men " in pursuance of the command contained in I. Thessalonians, 3rd chapter and 6th verse "abound in love one towards another and toward all men." The hymns that were sung were specially selected, and the fervent prayers that were interspersed throughout the conference were feelingly joined in by the worshippers. The gathering so far has been one of the most successful yet hold in the colony, and the Petersham and District Ministerial Association are much gratified at the spiritual enlivening that has been effected. At to-day's meetings the addresses will be delivered by the Rev. J. H. Mullens, J. S. Austin, and D H. Dillon, and at the night meeting a closing address will be given by the chairman, and to-morrow afternoon there will be a missionary meeting followed by an evangelistic service. 