THE BALLARAT GHOST. The most familiar instance of the apparition of a ghost for the purpose of bringing to light an unavenged crime (writes Mr Stead in the Christ- mas number of Review of Reviews, de voted to ‘ Real Ghost Stories’) is the famous Ballarat ghost case. It is told as follows in Dr Lees’ ‘ Glimpses of the Supernatural’: — *ln Australia, about 25 years ago, two graziers, who had emigrated from England and entered into partnership, became, as .was generally believed, possessed of considerable property by an unlooked-for success in their precarious but not unprofitable occu pation. One of them was all of a sudden missed, and could nowhere be found. Search was made for him in every quarter, likely and unlikely, yet no tidings of him or his where abouts could be heard. One evening, about three weeks afterwards his partner and companion was returning to his hut along a by path, which skirted a deep and broad sheet of water. The shadows of twilight were deepening, and the setting .sun was almost shut out by the tall shrubs, brushwood, and rank grass, which grew so thick and wild. In a moment he;aaw the crouching figure of his com panion, apparently as real and lifelike as could be, sitting on the ground by the very margin of the deep pond, with his left hand bent resting on his left knee. Ho was about to rush forward and speak, when the figure seemed to grow less distinct, and the ashen colored face wore an unusualy sad and melan choly aspect; so he paused. On this, the figure, becoming again more pal pable, raised its right arm, and, hold ing down the index finger of the right hand, pointed to a dark deep hole where the water was still and black, immediately beside an over-hanging tree. This’ action was deliberately done, and then twice repeated, after which the figure, growing more and more indistinct, seemed to fade away. The grazier was mortally terrified and alarmed. For a while he stood rivetted to the spot, fearing either to go forward or backward; while the silence of even ing and the strange solitude, now for the first time in his Australian life thoroughly experienced, overawed him completely. Afterwards he turned and went home. Night, which came on soon, brought him no sleep. He was restless, agitated, and disquieted. The next morning, in company of others, the pool was dragged, and the body of his partner discovered in the very spot to which the figure of the phantom had twice pointed. It had been weighted and weighed down by a large stone attached to the body; while from the same spot was recovered a kind of axe or hatchet, with which the murder had evidently been com mitted. This was identified as having belonged to a certain ad venturer, who, on being taxed and formally charged with the mur der, and found to he possessed of certain valuable documents belonging to the murdered man, eventually con fessed his crime and was executed. This incident and its supernatural occurrences made a deep impression; and having been abundantly testified to in a court of justice, as well as in common and general conversation, is not likely to be soon forgotten in the neighborhood of Ballarat, in Australia, where it occurred.’ The Psychical Research Society dis credit this story.- They say they have never been able to verify it. If any Australian readers can throw light on the subject, I (Mr Stead) shall be glad to hear from them. 