TURF JOTTINGS. Carbine's full Bister, Ludy Morsoy, died a few days ago at Taranaki, N«w Zealand. Mr. W. B. Hall's colt Dolaworo, by Tronton from Genesta, is being treated to a ?poll. The Now Zealand racehorses Marion, Quadrant, Stranger aud Tho Colonel, are ex peoted to pay Sydney a Tijit. Tho two colta, by Guinea — Morceau and by Suuriso— Dorothy, 'have boon named Beady Money mid Ganuiuin respectively. Mr. I. Earnshaw has pnrchasod tbronp-h Mr. T. S. Clibboru, tbo D-e-year-oM Sodsemoro, by jlonmouth. Tho priuo was 73 guiuoas. Mr. YV. Saver, of Melbourne, has named the Marvelloila-fiertnidu cult, purchased at tbo luat Kandwick iv.ulii.mu sales, iliraculenx. Mr. G. C. Eort died la:-'. wcok*. Ho boloDjed So tho old nobool of sportainon, and held ihn noHitluii of bouurary secretary ?' to tho A.J.C. for a time. A totilisiitor dividend of £', 10s was paid at Ad.iUido races ou Saturday, each investor on 3re« in the Welter Handicap receiving that amount. K.i.rtllBn,ono ot tho wits Rant, io England bytbe Into Mr. .laine.i Whit.) to ui.mpBto in til.. Knglish Peri.v, u nr-« being used as a farm etatlion at a tno of onu gninen ??-? mate. Tho Havke-tlmry Count}- Pnra« and Grand Handinup weiirht* uro ixit. Aa tbcneoontuuapa aro to'bo dackrod ou ths 30th, thu will (jivo owners time to estimato tho chances of their horsus. W. Delaney, tho ridnr of MiiIsfoto in the Flying Handicap at Warwick Farm on Satur day, wttB fined -E10 by thu startor, and Mr. Oiouh.uu was mulct in £'i for putting up wrong colors in tho raco. Sylvia., tho colabralod Now Zealand mure, i*o.v in her '23th year, iiAvin? proved barren, will not bo served ngaiii, but punnitt.-d to wid hor days in -pcooa at Wellington I'urk. Tin: old mure has ciiruod her right to bo pensioned off. ... Tho Toion-nlW »tudmaster, Mr. T. Cook, hail within the past month lost no fewer than . eight thorontflibred ye»riing». Thu cause of death was 8trant;k-a, which appear to bo very severe joat now in tlw Northern district. Burin' the racimr cs.-wnn just ended no lesn a sura tban^tJ7,10rw'.'ut tiin.ngli the totnli «ator n.t meotincs of tlw Auckland linciug Club, an njrainHt J;S0,ri«3 for tbu previous twoWo months. The club pivo away -KI785 iu In connection with the Caulfinld Grand National ? racoa. tho follunring were tho omouutN of tho utafccK won :— S. Miller, i730; .1. it. Davis, JM0O : U. G. Wittaou, ai'iK); W. K. Wihon. J.-I.V.J; 8. M. Wilson, £125; D. O'Brien, .£100 ; AV. Baiiny, X75 ; W. T. Jones, JSJ-J5; K. Twomoy, Jii5; J. Wilson, jun., X10. Totivl, illBW. A keen judge of horsca and hor?o-racing (aivs ' Trnmpator ')_ lately returned from Bydnoy, BpeaJis iu flowing terms of Autonomy, whom he says has lot down and now looks tbo model of a borliy lu.rso. Ho Baw a deal of work in Sydney, aud thinks highly of the two-, year-olds, a colt by Trident— Nellie being particularly good-looking.' The Now Zealand Grand National Stooplo chaas was won by Ahua last Thursday, carry ing list 81b, Norton, list 41b, being second, and llagpio, lOat, third. The prizo mouoy was £00 9073 and tho distance about three miles and a half. Last ncanon Ahua won Canterbury Maiden Steeplechase with 12*t 31b, Chrint ehuroh Opou Handicap Stoeplechaso 12st 71b, »nd North Canterbury Cup, li milo, carrying Oat. The Melbourno Arous nay3:— 'The Vic toria Bacing Club committee has requested Iho Moonea Valley Racing Club authorities to forward the evidenco taken in connection with the Logacy-Minnie-Bron'owinjr caso. Legacy Bon tho Coburg Handicap of 14.1 hands ponies it Moonoo A'alley on Jnly 27, Minnie being, it Is allowed, interfered with in tho race by Bromewing, who was running in the aamo Interest as Legacy. Tho Ktowarda hold a lengthy inquiry into tho matter, and by a very narrow majority, it is* underatood, decided that the jndgo's vordict should not bo dis turbed. Tho ownor of Minnie gavo notice of »ppoal to tho V.K.C., but no appeal was lodged ivithin tho stipulatod threo days, and it would How appear that tun V.R.C. committoo has aetermined to fully inventigato tho matter.' Advices from Now Zealand Btato that tho thief feature of the.botting on the Now Zea land Cup baa been tho support accorded to Ulanranald, the weight of stable money hiving sont the son of St. Xogcr np to 100 to o. Oracknhot has also been supported, 300 to 13 being taken in one band. The following prices hare beon laid :— 100 to 10 T North Atlantic, 1Q0 to 9 Primo Warden, 100 to 8 Clanranald, 100 to 0 eaofa Stopniak, Captive, Olorrie England, and Cracksbot. For tho Double, Molbonrno and New Zealand Cups, 1000 to 8 is laid on the field, and that prico has been taken about Malvolio and North /Ulantio. ' The Caulflold Grand National Mooting at tracted a good attendance on Saturday. In |he Hurdle Eaoe thero was a field of a dozen. On Friday nigbt Tim Smveller'a owner Managed, after groat difiloulty, to sooure.C500 to ilOO about hia horse, and ho started a warm favorito at 5. to 2. Islander, Buttons »nd Fire King wore tho most baokod of tho ethers. The race waa a fino ono up to the turn, whore H was anybody'e raco. Tim omreller, howerer, waa first into tho straight, »nd coming away from tho others, ho won by twolvo lengths from Havilah. Tho winnor is oyrnod by Mr. Geo. Davis, the Minister for Uefonoo, and the viotory waa yery popular. Iho Grand National Stoeploohane, run O7(y fotfr milos of conntry, was ono of tho grandest ?pcotaclos oror seen on a racecourse. Tho Cornea jumped faultlessly for thrco miles, f-hen Cobunaand Blair Atliol foil at snecos -ivo jnmps, and AVhltoman stopped. Kedlcap started a warm favorite at C to 4, and in tho tt«o waa never far from tho front. Halfa : Jnilo from homo Boulevard took command, and hi» victory was loudly proclaimed, but half way np tho straight XJedleap paused him and evontnally won easily by four longtbs. Cheer »ftor ohoor greoted horso and ridor; bats vent up in tho air, and Btaid and respectable ?Id gontloman and fashiouablo ladios danced »bout iu dolight. The books woro Tory bard hit by the victory of tho favorite double. Hedleap ia undoubtedly the groatcit iteuplo -shuor Australia has Been. Urightlight, who wit? hurt in tho Uoaolilll Weltur Handicap, haa been dcutrjyed. Tho stooplechasor Ghost, by Oakhill from a Suowdeu niaro, has gouo iuto T. Luckoy'a otubloa ut Parramattu. Tho Queensland cross-country horso, Tho Loafer, while taking part iu the Stoopleohaso at Q.T.C. racos foil, and met with Injurioa which broujbt about bis death, TUo annual mooting ot tho momborR of tho Victorian Club was hold at tho rooms, Bourko street* Molbourno, last AVodnosday ovoning, whou a saiisfaotory roport and balanoo-sheot ware presented, showing tho Bum of w£27U0 on tlxud deposit. Tho retiring members of com mittoo, Messrs. John Buckley and 1L Craw ford, woro ro-oloctod. On. Monday tbo A.J.C. committoo hold an inquiry iuto tho recent running of Pippin at HoHolilH and Moorofield. Tbo investigation was instituted at tlio request bf the trainor, AV. Foiilshnm, and Mr. Blunt, tho owner of tho horso, had also intimated his dosiro for an inquiry. It was deoided that tbere was no cause for intorf orouoo on the part of the com mittee Stromboli has apparently finished hia raoing caroor, audtbia well-porformed and fashion ably - brod racoborRO has boon ontrustod to Mr. T. S. Clibborn for privato sale. Tho performances of tho Bon of Chester and Ktna aro too well known to nood repetition, and it is to be rogretted that ho did not train ou long onough to tako part in tho Motro politan. A horso of his class should readily liud a plaoe in a good otud farm. Of tho £100 distributed at tbo AVar'wiok Farm mooting ou .Saturday, Mr. Kolso sooured i!100 by tho win of Southorly Buster in tho Soiling Haco ; Cardonoss creditod Mr. T. Lamond with £00 ; Kosohill oarncd .£70 for Mr. H. Dargin (ns) in tho Hnrdlo Kauo ; Messrs. H. Oxouliam and M. Rouso roceivod i!G0 oach for tho wins of Mulgrovo aud Encoro in tho Flying Stakes and Paoo Woltor rospoctivoly ; aud Mr. J. Karr and I. 10am shaw had ^10 each for places in tho Hunllo Itaco and August Handicap with Little Tommy and Gaytirao. Two days' racing is to bo hold atNowoastlo, on September 22 aud 24, Mr. A. Farthing having framod an attraotivo programme for tho occasion. There is a hurdlo raco to begin with ou each day, and five other events to follow, Bubsidiscd with pmos rauginE from 30 to 70 sovs for eatih event. As thero is no ruco ini-cling on Saturday, September 21, the cecond day of the meeting, no doubt Sydney viaito:-3 will turn up iu force at Newaastln and pay the rane* a visit. Kutries will be wanted ou tho 5th proiimo. Tho foUo-.viuj namt? havo boon piven': — Filly by Nautilus from Minim, NauglityLnas ; illly by Utollca from Vwiuu, PiOni ; oolt by Vr.-«i.)UF- Stons fjvim Bird nf l'ri-y. Linnet; cult bv KewminstHr irarrc ''iilioy. Archer ; Illly bv Nicholas i'om 1-Hizabotb Villwrs, ltona-i ehf bv Gnindiimsti-r from Fir.it. hove, Mia tV.r;i-'l. f bv nrandma-tftr from Ju'.l r.nl ? iJluct, Iduna ; br -: by TrfiifoTi from C, .-:-? ??*.:?:. I IVIcwaru : ch o by Gold*sbroiii,'li fi'*-:-* -:?: raii'ji. Clavurton ; br f by Goldsbrou;;- -- * Jiirtfujv. Soprano; c by Sogonhoo fio... ?? I quito, Valkyrio; ami colt by AVeleoi.w J,wk lromXi;lgonrie, Waitarn. A remarkable' illustration of suitable liomnn piuluro i.- to be found in tho pedigreo of Bel (.ii.-ruo. now trained at AVarwick 1'n.nn. JJol Giomu is nn Italian nmiio, fignifying a lino uifivning. Hv is by Sunrise. Oatho dum'H aide of tho Iiomsv in ^miri-so's [icdigreo are koiuo Rbiu«.;'':Nijrjilriighti'-VKuV)ili|;lil;)-:'Torcli,' r.ml ' .I.ami'iighter,' *.vh:t:h goes to show that o.Htsidorablo attmilion wai paid to tho christening of tsoin'o of Bol Giorno'a progoni Tho feat of Iior3omanship porformed last, ?n-oc'u- at tho I'.psoiu races (Vin.) by 1-. Brewer is a rumai'kablo mio. Ho rodo Cornot, who fell s-ir. or unv-:n furlonr* from home, throwing him fomo distance, lirower quickly picked himself up, remounted tho horse ou the off Bide, soonriun- tho rein? after tlio hoi-ao was in motion, and rapidly dverhnulod tho others. The ruins were urossad, and tho utirrnps bo ramo entangled uud could not bo utilised. Uiencr prosed on. and, though tho horso struck ono oi tho four remaining fences pretty heavily, the rider was not shifted, aud guttii'ii; up with til.) LmuIcts at tho turn Cornet eventually won by a length and a half. Tho horso and his rider received rounds of ap plause ou returniui; to tho weighing ouclqsure. Messrs. AV. Inglii and Son hold thoir thirteenth animal waloof borco stock on Tues day and Wednesday last. The principal lots disKwl of aro us under :— Thoroughbred Htullion Donovan, by Julian Avnnal— Mr. J. l/av,-so:i, 21 gnincas ; truttinir stallion, Brown Shales, by Flying Shalca from a marc by Phantnr— Mr. J. Malone, 150 guineas; trotting atallion. The Duke, by A'ormont, Jun. (imp.) —Mr. W. K. Walmslev, 70 guineas j coaching atallion, Young Lord jincon, by Lord Bacon from Boas— Mr. J. Fitzscrald, SO (,'nine-it ; fioachinj; colt, by Lord John (imp.) from a Trnmp Card mare, 3yrs— Mr. J. Lawson, TO cuineas : trotting stallion, Sinister, Hire by Doxt.or— Mr. II. Kenny, 30 guinea's ; coaching colt, by Lord John from Bonny, 3yrs— Mr. R. Campbell, JO guineas ; coaching colt Jupiter, by Master John (bv Lord John, imp.) from u. Trump Card mare— Mr. J. Keonnn, 53 J guinea*! ; roadster colt, by Cock Robin — Mr. II. Campbell, 40 guineas ; coaching colt, by Lord John (imp.) from Duchcsa, 1 yoar 8 months — Mr. K. Campbell, 13 guineas ; draught colt, Prids of Maldon, by Prido of Picton, Syra— Mr. J. Lawsou, 23 guineas. On tho Now Zealand turf there appear to be occasional unsavory doings, judging by the remarks made by Major Goorgo at a meeting recently. This gentleman is reportod to hare delivered himsolf as follows : — ' The obair mau bad referred to tho good managoment of the committeo (hiring tho year, but as a matter of fact some woro thinking of novor raoing again under tho present managemout, for honest men could hardly take part in any meeting now. Ho referred to three notorious coses which had occurred during tbo year which the committeo bad passed ovor, ono of thoso boing the grossest cose ho ever heard of. In ono caso, where a horso had gone out with its proper weight and como in with a ohango, tho stewards bad whitewashed tho owner and trainer of tho horse, nnd disro gardod tbo statement of tho clerk of the scalo.1. Major Georga said ho did not fool ut all disposed to race under such management aa tho past. If they did not protect straight mon, who provided tho Bport, by punishing thoso who ran crooked, racmg would soon become a Rport Btiitod only to low black guards. ' Resolutions woro tbon carriod declaring that raoing and the uso of tbo tolalisator wore excessive in tho district. Tho number of yearlings Mr. Morrin, of Wellington Park (N.Z.), baa this year in his hands is 29, 14 boiug colta and 15 fillios, and (says tbo CAHTEnuUKY Times) thoy are a very even-made lot. Strathmore's sistor, a boantiful brown by Nordonfoldt, from Ouida, is growing tho right way, and will, I fanny, dovelop into a bigger mare than her eistcr (Moth), for whom Mr. AVilson gave COOgs at tho last Bale. Crnokshot'a sister, by Nordonfeldt, from Pungaworeworo, is also a nico brown, showing plenty of Bizo. I in cline to tho opinion that she if) tbo best filly hor dam has thrown. Stepulak's sister, by Nordonfeldt from Stoppo, is somothing aftor tho out of Mr. Stead's oolt, but liko noarty all Stoppo's later foals, nlio is on tho email side. Amongst tho colta tho importod Castor is strongly represented, and it ninntbo ndmittod, bo far as their looks aro couoernod, tho Zealot horao has acquitted himself really well. Two bay colta, respectively, from tho Musket mares Ualinta (full sister to Artillery) and Banglo (full stater to Nordonfoldt) are ot tromolr promising; thoy show plenty of aize and substanco, and aro equipped with nplen did legs. Another colt that took my fanoy waa a roan con of Castor, from tlio Musket man) Vivandiero, dam of Son of a Gun and Tho Dancor. Ho ia a fine upstanding follow, showing hoaps of quality, and though his color is agaiuat him; I fancy ho will prove to be'n raoehorse. Tho oolt by Hotchkiss, from Onyx, dam of Nordenfoldt, ia ono of tho low longthy sort, and takes aomowhat after the V.K.C. Dorby winnor at the aamo ago, bnt tho bctt ono that . Hotchkiss baa sirod amongst the presont lot is, I think, to bo found in a brown filly from tho Robinson Crusoe mnro Radiant, full ulster to Quadrant. The youngator is wonderfully well grown for her ago, and shows great power all over. Tho absence of tbo Nordonfeldt— Frailty colt, which you will remember died a few days after foaling, from tho catalogue, may have tbo effect of hooping Australian buyorH away, but Mr. Morrin has, nevertheless, a nice collection in bis hands, and the young Castor ?took look no promiilng ti»t thoy ue likely to 1)9 e»soily fonght »ft«r. St. Albans and Mnlvnlio wero baokod nt TattorHull's (/lull on Monday, tho former to win about Xl.'iOO at 100 to ,r.. Tho hoaring of II. Moran'a appeal against himliBqualittoation by thoMoorolield Club has beon postponed till uoit mcetingof tho A.J.O. Committee. Mr. N. R. IX Bond, lalo soorotary of tho V.A.T.C. who has been laid up for some timo in a privato hospital in Melbourne, ia in u rery sorioua state of health. Titan ban been introduced into tho batting for tho Cuulnold Cup, and on Monday waa baokod for JC3000 at 100 to 5. Mr. AVallaoo'B gelding ia now quotod ut 100 to (i. Tho A.J.O. committeo bavo dooidod to bring in a now rula with regard to nominations, providing that the names of horso ownors shall bo givon at tho timo of entry, as is tbo system iu Victoria. Tho first forfoit for tho A.J.O. Sooond Biennial Stakes waa doolared ou Monday, nnd out of tho original 78 only 19 remain. Tho accoptora inoludo Autonomy, Camoola, Ulrio, Arquobus, Dan O'Connor, Attalus, Mascara, Donation and Trieste. Tattorsall's Club mooting was woll mip portod with entries on Monday, tho five oventa attracting a total of 172 nominations, of which tho Hurdlo Raco was responsible for 33, Tramway Handicap 44, Soiling Raoo 10, Two-year-old Stakes 27 and Spring Handicap 53. Tho trotting atallion Mossengor is nflvor tised to stuud this soason at Richmond. This horso is by Childo Harold (imp,) from Tlio Gipsy, by Jack, by No\r Warrior. Mr. A. Kathor has fixed tho feo at 5 guinoas, which should meet the views of owners of trotting mares. . Mr. T. S. Clibborn announces for privato Rale a number of high-class thoroughbred siroa. In addition to Stromboli, thero aro Rotort, Mntudor, Bowmont, Fitzwillinm, AVooping Willow and Abo Lincoln. All thoso horaos aro highly bred, and should bo readily saleable at fair prioes. Tho general entries for tbo A.J.C. Spring Mooting on Monday must bo cousidorod ns very satisfactory. Tho nominations for tho 10 ovouts totalled C97 as against 727 last yoar, or a falling off or 30. Tho liflts for tho various events closed ns undor :— Huidlo Haco 29, Trial St-iikcs 35, Sprint: Stakes 22, Keiwiuetan Hnndiciip 57, Shorts 415, Grand Stand Plato 20, Spring Maiden Staked 23, Squatters' Handi cap W, Second Hurdle Kaco 3-1, Craven Plate 17\. .Suburban Hmidictn C2, Wycombo Stakes .'!?.!, Sydney Jlamlit-.V'U, Soiling Plato 23, Members.' Hnndii:.ip 43, Stoenloohase 27, AVaverlify Handicap 33, BiHidwiok Plato 18 and Final Handicap 53. Tho first, fovlV.ts for the Gpsoin Handicap reduced tlio list luft in to 51, thoso raratchnd licing: — Bungebali, Stromboli, Donizetti, Oxidii, Autonomy, St. Hlai*u*, Pi-nanco, Quad rant, Can. lour, The General, Affianco, Argo3, Attains, Vespusia. .Dautun, Rebel, Chatham, Domnan, I*-aao. Waadsworth, Scintilla, Er miniK, llrmlley. Lady Lovol, Silver Knight, Dutch Hoe. AVarwiok, Meteorite, .Blue Blood, Crusoe, Lady Mildrod, Winton, and Amber (Jnecn. Toe' witbdra-wal*) from the Metro politan wero not, nearly so numerous, and con sisted of Stromboli, Donizotti, Talkative, Axgos, Inmgnia, Wandsworth, Honor .Bright, Lancer, Bradley, Cannon, Silvor Knight, Meteorite and Evoristas, 53 having cried content. Tho following wore prosont at ail informal meat of tho Sydney Hunt Club last Saturday, ut Homrtbush :— Tbo Master (Mr. AV.Copo) on Wavorley, Moasra. T. Miilliua ou Tudor, J. H. Galbraitb on Bantam, M. Ford on AVraugler. H. Francis on Poter Simple. H. AV. Rogers on Infidel, L. Koliu on Barb, K. Prico on Joe, Eriu Torry on Emperor, Mnddlo on a bay, .Tuiliani ou Satan, Luokey (hunts man) ou Good-byo, Fitzgerald (whip) on Snako, and a number of others. Messrs. M. Ford and T. Mullins laid adrag ncrbss country to tho Parramatta Eivor. Tbo hounds nbowod evidenco of good working form. They will bo out for exercise again on Saturday noxt, tho trvstiug-phico to bo Parramatta railway station, at 2.30 p.m. The CampbeUtown meeting advertised to come otT yesterday lapsed for want ofsufli ciunt encouragement in tho way of nomina tions. With so mauy fixtures closer to town to engage the attention of pony-ownera, Camp bollto-.vn did not rooeivo tho expected atten tion, nud Mr. Hughes advised his committeo to let tho meeting lapso for' tho present. Anothor programme has been prepared for September G. Tho Associated Pony Club's meoting this week will bo at AVarwick Farm. Tho list of nominutionH ahow a slight' falling off from tbo full lists recently suppliod on entry days. Mr. Georgo Kowo rocoivod 85 entries last Friday, of which tho Flying Handicap was responsible for 19, Tiny Handicap 11, Farm Handicap 10, Pony Handicap 18, and Galloway Handicap 21. Mr. AVilson's adjustments aro published in tho usual column, nud thoio Booms no reason v/hy an intorcsting day'a racing should not await thoso who intend to pay the picturesque locality a visit tomor Mr. Harry Taylor will bold a loveo to-day in tbo intoroat of tlio Lillio Bridge pony races, to como off on next Monday and tbo following AVednosdiiy night. Ownora of little 'uns up to 13.3 may interview tho nttontivo and obliging gontlomun named np to 4 o'clock, and no doubt a full list of entries will be totted. np by closing timo. Tho death of the Earl of Droghcda is a doep blow to the Irish turf, as to many friends in England. Ho wan also a staunch patron of coursing, and, in fact, of everything relating to sport. Tho beat horse he over owned was Philammon, by Solon but of Satanolla, who in 1881 won tho Liverpool Cup, and the Kshor Stakes at Sandown. Mr. Georgo Kiss reports tho palo ot the racing ponies Littlo Noll (13.2) to Mr. M'Mahon, for 50 guineas ; and Sapphire (14.0) to Mr. AV. Froat, for 13 guinoas. Among tho latest arrivals at Randwick is the famous mare Trideutine, wbo looks well. 