OUR LONDON LETTER. , pjy Our Correspondent. LONDON, 15th July. Tbe general election is not yet over, but enough returns have boon dcolareri to allow a tolerably accurate forecast of tbe final numbers to be made. The two sections of the Union party are in a decided minority, and the four sections whioh togcthor constitute the Gladstone party will bavo a majority of between 38 and 45. But this majority consists exclusively of the two Irish flootion9, and In Great Britain the Unionist party will havo a majority of botween 25 nnd 30\. The final result of the olcctions gave tho Gladstonites a majority of 40, inoluding both tho Irish sections. The elections have demonstrated that no enthusiasm exists in England in favor of Homo Rule, and lean in Scotland, Wales and Ireland than was expected. Tho regular incidouco of reaction which, sinoe tho Reform Gilt, whioh gavo house hold suffr&go; and enfranchised lodgers, has given eaoh party an almost equal tenuro of office, and haB prevented either from holding offioc longer than during tho Parliament which pnt it into power, might havo been expected to give Mr. Gladstone a larger majority than ho notually enjoys. And if tho question of Home Rule had novor beon raised ho would very pro bably have obtained it. Most of the Liberal members found that their adhesion to Homo Rule was a stumbling block in their way. But this is not the only lessou whioh linn boen taught by tho general election. The teetotallers havo been credited with a far greater amount of poli tical power and influence than they aotually pcsics?, aud whenever it has been n firir tend up fight between tho temperanco and tho liquor interest the beverage has gained a victory. Tho two features of tbe elootion have beon tho uttor collapse of the Parnellite party, who will only have eight or nine seats at tho most in tho next Parliament, and the oreation of a fourth party, in the shape of fivo labor mombers, who hold extreme views, and are not likely to coalesce either with Gladstonians or Conservatives, but to fight a hard battlo for their own band. Mr. Burns, at Batteisea, Mr. Keir-Unrdio, at West Ham, and Mr. "Wilson, at Middlesbrough, owe their soits to their own energy and powers of resis- taneo, and not to any aid they havo received from of&oial; Liberalism. In other places whero suitable labor candidates offered themselves thoy were trowned on or swept on one side. No effort was made in suoh towns as Northampton, Leicester, Manchester, Shetfiold, Leeds, Oldham or Stockport, whore the Liberal vote is largely working class, to nominate working olass candi dates, and tho monoy subscribed by suoh men as Mr. Andrew Carnegie, Mr. Alfred Illingworth and Air. Alfred Qolden was placed at the disposal of lawyors and carpot boggcrs and not offered to genuine working men. The Labor party is profoundly discontented, and their support of Gladstonism is not likely to be very enthusiastic. Under suoh circum stances tho oomplnint whioh Air. Gladstone embodied in the appended letter is a little un reasonable. With the exception of the three men to whom I have beforo alluded, Labor can didates, in the cases whore thoy were assisted by the Liberal maohine, wero invited to fight forlorn hopes, like tho Tamworth division of Warwickshire, where the Conservative majority reached the rcspcotablo figure of 2426. Air. Gladstone has addrossed the following letter to Mr. Jacks, the Libor&l; candidate for Stirling shire Dalmeny Park, 8th July, 1892. My dear Sir, — Already during the recent elec tions four constituencies have returned Tory or anti-Irish members to Parliament, in enoli of whioh a large Liberal majority of votes was re corded at the polls. This majority was at Perth 685, in two Glasgow divisions 714 and 614 re spectively, and at South Saiford 516. In ail the oases the result was due to the division between two candidates of votes which if only one Liberal h&d; stood would have been given to hiin, and have avoided tho strange result now brought about, that the four members actunlly returned will represent in Parliament not tho majority, but tbe minority, of the eleotors. In three of the cases thisiosult has been duo to tho notion of three gontiomen professing to be independent labor candidates. In that oharaoter they have drawn away from the Liberal majority votes enough to turn it into a minority, but not nearly enough to give them a ohance of obtaining a majority for themselves. In fact, they have been bogus candidates for every purpose, except tbe pur pose of putting Tories into Liberal scats, and in this thoy havo completely succeeded. To this suooess I wish to call the attention of those oleotors of Stirlingshire (or other constituencies, if suoh there Bh≪ be) who may be solicited or inclined to repeat in that county tho Bame pro : ocas of returning a Tory for a Liberal county. The Liberal party have no vested interest in labor votes. -If there are Tory working men who can return a Tory labor member by all means let them do it. If there are Independent Lubor men who can return an Independent Labor member lot them do it. But why should labor voters who would vote Liberal if thero were but two candidates withdraw thoir vote, and cause the return of a Tory, without any hope or ohance of returning their own man ? There is but one.answcr. It is done to puuisli the Liberal party. I will not examine whether this purpose is just or wise as a general rule ; but I will point out that to punish the Liberal party at this moment is to punish them when they (far beyond any of these Independent Labor candidates) aro in obarge of the interests of labor, for their first object now is the Irish question. The Irish question is a labor question, for tbo Irish raoe arc, as I have shown, a nation of laborers, and it is the most urgent part of the labor question, for the Irish are tho most needy and the most sufforing. They are oppressed by unequal laws, de vised to place thom under thoir landlords. They are utterly doprived of tho institutions even of iocal soif-govornment. Let it then bo i understood that every labor voter who co-ope rates in bringing about the return of a Tory can didate votes against tho Irish nation, and especially against the Irish laborer. Ho vq|es against labor and against labor in Ireland, whero it has the greatest needs and the highest of all its olaims. I make bold to say that such con- duot is not wise, not generous, not just. I am absolutely certain that it is renounced and con demned by tho enormous majority of British laborers. It has been pursued by minorities numerically small, and, I believe, unaware of the real nature of their proceeding. I hope, as a Scotchman, that no laboring Scotchman in Stirlingshire will deliberately repeat this error —lam, my dear Sir, faithfully yours, W. E. Gladstone. An attempt has been made to frighten the Labor party from taking independent notion, by pointing out the fato of the independent Labor party in tho present Parliament of New South Wales. Bat I am by no means sure that tho course taken by the Labor members in that colony in throwing over Sir Henry Parked was not wise, and at any rate there is no analogy botween the aetion of a party which was strong enough to hold the balance of power and the small band of Labor members in the House of Oommons, whose existence will not be realised unless they take an independent course. The eollapso of tho Parnollite party has been caused by the influence of the Roman Catholio priesthood, wbioh was exoroised unsparingly, and I fear that it must be said unscrupulously, on the Bide of tbe anti'Pnrnellites. It is said that in some cases tho influence has gone tho length of intimidation, and that petitions will be presented against the sitting members for Cork, East Wicklow, West Kerry, Tyrone, North Galway and North Roscommon, but those statements are frequently mado and generally mean nothing. It is said, too, that tho Conservatives will petition against tho return of Air. Naoroji, and that Air. Heneage will olaim the seat for Grimsby, now hold by Air. Josse. Only ono member of tho Ministry, Mr. Walter H. Long, the parliamontaty secretary of the Local Government Board, has been defeated during tho week ; but this has boen more than compensated for by the extraordinary reduction in the majority of Mr. Gladstone for Alidlothi&n.; In 1885 tho ex-Primo Alinister was opposed by Sir Oharlcs Dalrymple, and the vote was Gladstone, 7879 ; Dalrymple, 3248 ; majority, 4631. On the pre sent occasion the Unionist champion was Colonel Waucbope, an offioer in tho Black Watch, who had seen service in tho Ashanbce war, and in tho Egyptian and Soudan campaigns, in which ho was thrieo wounded. He is a resident of the County of Edinburghshire, in which his father holds the ostate of Niddrio Alarihobal, near Libberton. Air. Gladstone received the support of the miners, but his recent utterances, on the disestablishment of the Scotoh Ohuroh aroused tho opposition of tbe clergy, and the result of the polling was to reduco the Liberal majority to 690, the poll of Mr. Gladstone having declined from 7879 to 5845, while that of the Liberal Unionists had inoreased from 3248 to 5155. Tho Unionist party in Midlothian is very much elated, and boasts that it is strong enough, in the event of Mr. Gladstone's taking offioc, to defeat him altogether. The fame and reputation of her Most Gracious Majesty are world wide. A Degress, aged 76, has arrived in Liverpool from Mo&\- 1 rovia, in Woat Africa, for the purpose of seeing tho Queen. Mrs. Martha Rlx, the old lady in question, was born in slavery in tho Unltod States, and when a few years old was purchased by her father and taken by him to Liberia. Thore sho bos lived ever sinoo, and for 50 years she has baen saving her monoy with the view of visiting England, seeing tho Queen and presenting her with a quilt of white satin, which is embroidered with representations of Liberlan ooffco trees. Speaking of tho days of slavery the poor old woman said 11 Our only friend was England and our mother tho Qnoon. Once wo put our foot down in England wo woro free. Wo all loved England muoh, and wo wanted to see her noble peoplo and hor Queen. We call her our mother, and call her mother now. I want to go to Londou nnd sec the Queen. I know I cannot speak to her, but I hopo to seo her I pausing along, nnd then I will return to my farm in Liberia nnd die ooulcnted. Tho Lord told me I should see the Queen, and I know I will." Mr. Stevenson baa written a story, in colla boration with Mr. Lloyd Osborne, oalled The Wrecker. Unlike moat of the works of the sago of Samoa, tbe scono is laid in the last decade of tho nineteenth century, but in almost the only part of tho world in whioh romantio maritime adventure is still possible, the South Seas. Loudon Dodd is tho son of an Amcrioan millionaire. He studies art in Paris, but when hia father is ruined and dies goes to San Fran cisco to seek his fortune. Thero ho meets with nn old friend Jim Pinkerton, who is conduct ing a vory speculative business, and botween thom tliey buy the rights to The Flying Soud, a schooner whioh has gone ashore on a roof in tho South Sons. Their adventures in search of this vossel, the description of tho captain of tho search vessel and of life in tho Pacific are in Afr. Stevenson's best style and aro quite worthy tho author of A Treasure Island . The only novelty in the theatrical world has been the production by the Independent Theatre of Tbo Goldfish, a translation by AI. do AInttos of a piny which has boen a groat success in Holland. The lady who gives tho title to the work, Mario Koorders, hns been married by a banker namod Herman Koorders for tho sake of bor money. He has no nffeotion for his wife, and is warmly at tached to another woman, Greta Roskamp, with whom ho had been living and by whom ho hnd had a son. Tho banker is a thoroughpaced scoundrel. He has cheated his customers, ho has speculated with their money, and has lost it. His only hopo of maintaining his position is to induce his wifo to give him tbe control of her fortune. At the same moment his wife learns of his ruin and of his faithlessness. Sho goestothehouseof her rival just as the little boy, the issuo of the intrigue, has died. Alarie is child less, and her rage when she learns tiie.truthfrom Greta, who tells her that Koorders has not only deceived, but has ridiculed, her la naturally great. Both women turn upon Koorders, and ho has a very bad quarter of an hour. But finally the wifo forgives him on condition of his taking hor fortune, not for new speculations, but for paying his dobts, and beginning a lite of poverty in a new land. There is nothing Dutoh about the play. Tho scene might be laid in Melbourne or in London. In all cities there are swindling speculators, and gentlemen with two manages. The piece was well acted, and one almost forgot the moral shortcomings of Greta Roskamp in her misery. Miss Maud Alilton was grand in her vindiofciveness and spito against her lover. Miss Jcsrie Alillward was sympathetic and tender as tho wife ; while as for tho husband, Mr. Abing don mado him tho our and oraven that he really is. But I fail to see why Tho Goldfish should have been played at the Independent Theatre. I see no reason why a licence should not have been applied for and obtained. It was not like Ghosts or Salome, but might pass muster on &uy; stago in the world. 