IN jTHE CEDAR CHAM BER. It would be almost imposiible to discover any one more entirely devoid of superstition ? than myself. But when I was seventeen years old an event happened which caused me to . believe mine a haunted life. I was staying at !Paris in the house of my guardian, Mr. Charles, ®nd dressing for my first ball at the English 'jbmbassy. My dress, a triumph of Parisian jtoate, had been fastened, and I stood before the iglass while the maid arranged the flowers in my hair. A splendid bouquet lay beside my : gloves and fan on the table. /'Ah, now mademoiselle is beautiful!' Jus tine exclaimed in French, as she stepped back td survey her work. blushed with pleasure. It was the first cqtnpliment- that had been paid me, and my glass told me that it was true. Y'*1 1 wonder who sent me these flowers?' I gaid, taking up the bouquet preparatory to leaving the room. | 'Mademoiselle will doubtless discover her {admirer among her partners to-night,' was the reply. j- At this moment there was a knock at the poor. A telegram was handed to me. (j ' Mrs. Northcote is dangerously ill, and fishes to see her step-daughter before she £ies.' i ' Startled, dismayed, but beyond all measure i vexed at receiving such an untimely mes jj. sage, I dropped the paper upon the floor, ''?- ( ' Bring me a railway guide— quick !' I Baid tb Justine, /Mrs. Northcote was my stepmother, but we fisd never met. My father had married in India, taking an half-caste for his second wife, ,'and when ho died he left to his widow, for her ' life, the old family estate at Crowsnest, to which he had only just succeeded. I found by the railway guide that if I changed my dress with speed I could catch the last train that night from Paris. By noon, next day I should reach Dashire, in which Crows nest is situated. 'Justine,' I cried excitedly, ' bring my travelling dress. You must go with me to night to England.' ? ' Mori Dieu, mademoiselle ! would you take off that ravishing dress that suits you to such marvel. . Would you give up the ball?' Once more I looked at my reflection in the glass,, then took up the time-table again. At nine o'clock next morning there was another I train. Meditatively I raised the bouquet to my fsee. Wlio was it said : ' The woman who. hesitates is lost ?' The sweet perfume of the flowers permeated my senses. Who had Bent them to me? Curio sity prevailed. I would go to the ball and solve the mystery. Mr. and Mrs. Charles wore waiting for nfe when 1 went down. I said nothing about the telegram. We entered the coupe and drove at once to the embassy. ' The ball was a brilliant one, and I wasquite intoxicated with the adulation I received. ' The new debutante I' was on everybody's lips. The night was half over before I even re membered that 1 had not discovered the sender of my beautiful bouquet. ' Of what were you thinking so profoundly, Miss Northcjte ?' asked a gentleman in a way that made me start. The speaker was Mr. Weston. He had been introduced to me a few days before at my guar dian's house. ''I was thinking of the sender of these lovely flowers, iind wonderinc who he is. See, my name, Nina,' is spelled out in white violets,' and-I held the bouquet toward liim. ';1 hopo you were thinking kindly of the do nor,' 'Indeed I was.' ' Thank you. Will you always so think of him — of m'e ?' My surprise took away my breath. Besides his manner embarrassed me.. It inferred much more than the words. I danced with liim more frequently than with any one else, and found a new arid strange attraction in his pre sence. On returning from the ball I told my kind host anil hostess of the telogram. and my de termination to start for England on the mor row. ' You might have saved a few hours, dear,' shea aid. ' Only a few. And then I might have misSe.d the most delightful experience of in V life,' I answered' feivently. 'JBiit it was a case of life and death, my child.' she added gently. I answered nothing, for I felt her words were a reproof. My trunks were soon packed by Justine, who was to accompany me. My guardian also in sisted on going witli me.- and lute the next night we were driven through the dark country 'roads' to Crowsnest. A wtatiily house keeper met us in the' hall. ' 'Miss Northcote, you come too lat e, 'she said severely. ' My dear mistress died rh hours ago. If you lmd left Paris last y„a would have been in time. My lady had a communication to make to vou.' H What was it ?'' I asked ' That no one will ever Know in this world,' was the answer. I was much distressed; aud somehow J 'felt as ' though Mrs. Stevens was my enemy. My guardian remained 'till after the funeral. Then, in vain, he urged me to return to Paris. I wished to reiua:n a fow weeks longer in the old house, now my own. With the exception of one bedroom, a des cription of Crowsnest is not iiec-ssarv to the de velopment of my tale, but; to describe that is imperative. It was long and huge and the walls were panelled with cedar wood. Ou the panels hung framed tapestry pictures. -the work of past generations of the Northcotes. The ceiling of -cedar, with curiously curved rafters, made tlio walls look even lower than they were. A lime mellowed s-quure of Indian carpet covered the centre of tho floor on which stood the bed, raised on a dais. There w.-re two windows, that nearest the btd a b -y with diimond panes, the hangings similar to tliose of the bed. of rich brocade with- pink satin linings. On the side of the window ne-irest the be I was fixed a mo dern gas bracket, which struck nisas a strange anomaly amid antique surroundings. It was in this chamber my stepmother died, but not being superstitious, I decided to occupy it my No sooner had my guardian loft Crowsnest than £ told Mrs. Stevens to have tho cedar chamber prepared for me. She looked troubled and urged various reasons against my occupying it, none of which appeared to me of any weight. At last she said, — 'It was Mrs. Northcote's wish that that room should not be used. She died iu it.' ' And d j you suppose I ain bo foolish as to bo afraid to sleep there on that.account ?' 'It is not my province to suppose any thine Miss Nort!:oote. If you had seen my Uto mis tress before she died she would have given you her reasons herself. ? As it. is — ' 'As it is, Mrs. Stevens, I am now mistress hero, and have set my heart mi that particular room. Have it prepared, please, as I wish to occupy it nt' once.' But as she turned away I caught a particular lcok on her face which perplexed as much as it annoyed me. My belongings w«ro promptly removed into the covetod room, Justine occupying a small adjoining dressing- room to which there was no commnmoation. The first night in my new quarters was close and oppressive, and 1 re.nembered waking to find the scent of tho cedar wood rather over powering. About midnight 1 rose ; threading my way across the floor with difficulty, for the room was almost in total darkness, I opened the nearest window. The next night before Justine loft me, I douired her not to turn tho (JE3 oat. Three nights lator-Bagam woke with a sooae of Iangoor and- oppression. The gas beside the window gave out a. dan light ; beyond it a faint moonbeam slanted across the room in which lay the shadow of a. pear tree that grew close to the house. I could trace the shadow of the branches and the leaves, and watched them as they flickered, stirred .by the night wind. Keep ing my eyes open in a half sleepy manner, all at once I became conscious of seeing some thing else besides the moonlight and the gas light — something that seemed to be between the two. It was faint and indistinct, certainly, but none tbe less it resembled a female form. The head . appeared to rest on the hand, the hair with a ruddy gleam on it floated back on the shoulders. The rest of the figure was lost in darkness. I was sufficiently awake to know it was no freak of .fancy, tjnd yet the figure was altogether so faintly defined and vague in de tail that before long I fell asleep and the next morning remembered it as a dream only. I he succeeding night, however, I again [ awoke, and on opening my eyes beheld °tho self-same figure. But this time it was more clearly visible, especially the face, which, turned toward me, I saw to be that of a very beautiful woman. Moreover, to my unspeakable dismay, I dis covered in it a resemblance to my step-mother, whom I had seen once only, a3 she lay in her coffin. The sight was tho more distressing to me in .astntich as the face wore an expression of sad reproach. Had the Bpirit of my father's wife returned to earth to upbraid me for not obeying the summons to her dying bed ? In vain I closed my eyes. Whenever 1 opened them 1 saw the sweet reproachful face : and it was not until the summer morning dawned that it entirely disappeared and I arose from my bed sad and tired after the nicht's vigil. .twice more the visitation .came; after that, for two or three weeks, the visits ceased ; then were once moreresumed. Before I had been two months at Crowsnest all my vaunted courage fled ; and though 1 had spoke of what I had seen to no one, yet I was sensitively conscious that Mrs. Stevens saw something was amiss with me. I was morbidly fearful that she had a suspicion of the cause. I was sure of this when she said one morning — not by any means unkindly — ' Justine tells me you have not slept well, Miss Northcote. Do you not find the cedar chamber comfortable?' ' Te es, perfectly. I would not change it for anything,' I replied. Comfortable with that haunting presence? I hope I shall be forgiven for the subterfuge I As to Justine, shelwas continually urging me to quit the place, attributing my depression to the climate, to the dull life I led, to anything rather than to the real cause. But at length her persistency and my guardian's beseeching letters prevailed, and I returned once more to Paris. There I renewed my acquaintance with Mr. .Weston. It was impossible to be blind to his intentions. Every word and look told me that he loved me, and the day came when he asked me to be his wife. To his evident surprise, and to my inexpres sible sorrow, 1 refused to marry him. Gould I join a haunted life to that of the man 1 loved with all my soul ? True, I had had no visita tion from the beautiful, renroachful faoo smr»G I left dear Crowsnest ; but might it not return at any hour 1 Oh, why had my step- mother cast this blight upon my life ? Was it such a heinous crime not to have gone in tnne to see her die ? ' Suddenly I became possessed with a strange longing to re-visit Crowsnest, to see again the weird apparition that had. exercised so subtle an influence on my life. With the persistent waywardness of a spoiled child, I insisted on go ing home ; I insisted also that no ond but Jus tine should -accompany me. My guardian yielded to my wisheB and I went. But not once moro during my month's visit did 1 Bee the haunting faoe. I believed that my persecution wns ended. Un my return -lo Paris Mr. Weston renewed his offer and I accepted him. A few inontns of married happiness effectually dispersed the clcud that had overshadowed me. My mind— warped and weakened as it had been by giving way to morbid fancies— gained tone and vigor daily by associating witli my husband's, which was eminently matter of f net and practical. It was therefore without the slightest foreboding of evil that we set out tor Dashire to spend the summer months at Crows nest. Giiy was much pleased with tbe old house ; ?above all with the cedar chamber, which 1 found :had been prepared for us. It was late at night when we arrived, and there. was no time to alter the arrangements ; besides, there was no need, for I be lieved as 1 have stated, that I had outlived my fears. | Both Guy and I were tired by our journey, and on retiring to rest we soon fell fast asleep, Toward morning I awoke. A' stream of moonlight flooded the chamber. As of old the shadow of tho pear tree lav along the ; floor, flickering in the night wind, I watched it for a while, and then this shadow being closely associated in my mind with some thing else — I looked toward the bay window and could scarcely suppress a cry. ' There in the old plioe, bstween the gaslight and the moonlight, appeared — the face I 'Guy,' 1 whispered, trembling, 'awake! I'm 'so frightened !' . '? What is it, Niua ? Have you seen a ghost ?' he asked lightly. ' Hush 1 Look there !' Raising himself upon his elbo.v ho glanced toward the window. 'Why there is a woman in the room I' h« exclaimed iu great consternation. Then after a moment's pause, he continued slowly and de liberately, us though reading by a bad light '.from -a book. _ ' Ni- it is only an illusion — but what an illusion I 1 seem t' see a b'autiful woman, her head turned llria way, supported by her hand, lier auburn hair hangs about her shoulders. It is a very handsome face, but sad.' ' Stay 1 What would you do ? ' I asked, as ho made a quick movement forward. ?'Disp-l the illusion, dear.' ' Oil, Guy !' Unheeding ho went to the window and shook the curtain. 'May all ghostly visitants be as easily dis persed,' lie said, laughing, as tho fiirurequiv ered, swayed, became distorted, then in a mo ment vanished. ' What was it V' 'I will produce it and you shall see.' He let the curtain fall loose ard i*. took its old folds and creases. There sure enough she waB again. _ ' And is this what scared you on your first visit here 1' turning to me suddenly as though a new light had broke on him. ' Yes, I thought it was the spirit of my step mother. I imagined the likeness of course.'' Then between laughter and tears, 1 made a full confession of all my superstitious folly. Noxt morning we closely questioned Mrs. Stevens. She expressed her belief that the cedar chamber was haunted, and that the com munication her mistress had to make to me was to that effect. We read of strange results brought about by the juxtaposition of certain heavenly bodies. Here;was an instanco most unique in its way, in which a heavenly body — the moon— aided by such oomtnonplace materials as.a gas bracket and an old silk curtain, produced as perfect a speci men of a beautiful female ghost as over visited our world. She: 'You're getting too proud to recog nize your friends. I bowed to you yesterday, and you didn't even deign to return it.' He : ' Koturn it ! Of course not 1 1 think too muoh of anything coming from you to return 