A GHOST YABN. I have often boenasked if I ever sawa ghost, and have always hbeen obliged to answer that I never did, although I have been given every facility for interviews with uncannyoRolk. I never saw anything that I could notaecountfor In a naturai way, but when it come to hearing aghost, I can truly say that I have had a peculiar and not altogether agreeable ex. perience. Some incredulous person may ask, here, hQw I know the sound I heard was made by a ghost I can only say that the same psychic force that conveyed the warning sound to my bodily senses compelled me to accept it from the supernatural world. I am sure in my own mindmthat a third,recarronce of othat unholy noise would have seriously injured me in some way. I have paseed tbrough perils by lire and flood, but never felt myself in such terrible danger as I did when that Thing of sound enveloped me with its grimace of death. It came to me when I was happy and con. tented in mind, and with' no thought of the supernatural hanging over me, and at an hour when the world was flooded in sunshine, near the close of a balmy summer day. I was visiting a cousin between whom and myself eziated a strong bond of liking, a natural regard that made us more than rela t'ona-dear friends-and it was while' I was at: her house that something unnsnal and unac countable occurred to me. I was writing a letter, sitting at a desk which had belonged to my aunt, now deceased. She, good woman, had scribbled a little for fame, and this desk of hers was looked 'upon as a sacred relic in the family. "You can write your letter on mother's desk," said my cousin Pauline; "but," she added, " that is a privilege we would not give to everyone. Perhaps you will feel some in spiration there; I always do." Now, I had never .liked my ant, good woman though she was, principally, I think. because she did not like me, but my memory of her was neither pleasing nor inspiring. I had looked upon her as narrow and self-righteous., However, I was quite willing to sit at the rosewood desk with its pretty entourage of writing materials, tse bronze ornaments, and crystal paper.weight, from which the composed features of Aunt Maria looked forth with photo. graphed distinctness. I had my letter half finished, and paused to look out on the western sunset through the bay window in front of me, when, bang! wentsome thing like an explosion in the desk-a remark able sound. I jumped to my feet in alarm, and looked at my cousin, who sat near me .reading composedly. id you.hear that?" I asked in trembling tones. "I did not bear-anything," she answered quietly; "you are nervous, yra." "But surely you heard that loud noise in the desk?" "There is. nothing to make a noise there," she said, and going to the desk she threw open the cover and showed me the inside. • No, there was nothing, there. I recovered. myself and presently resumed my writing, thinking II had movedtne desk id some way to cause the strange sound Itheard. I began relating the incident in my letter and was solely interested in telling it, when again there came a loud "h bang" from the inside of the desk, exactly under the cover. It was so'loud and resounding that I was sure Pauline must have heard it. This time Idid not jump up, but moved amy chair uack quite suddenly. ' " What is it now F" asked 'my cousin good. humourodly. ... "Did you not bear it then F" " Hear what. may I ask ?" " Aloud noiso like a report Inr the desk. You murst have heardt. ' . " "I wish you-would not he ensaticnul, Myra," answered my cousin. " That desk I, very svored to nme. Alu mother died sittinyg taere, end when we found her ihe lay with her head on the desk as if asleep. She sat in that vTry chair." . . . ... Then Iknew as well as 'if I had seen her with my bodily eyse that by some mylteritus agency my aunt had come back from the dread Sunknown to signify her displeasure at my eittingin her place. And I took good care that she was never troubled again. Not for worlds would I have sat at the desk during the brief time of my shortened stay. I have been asked many times what the notieo resembled. I can orly a wer that it was like nothing I had over heard before, but if I could imagine the sound of a blow struck by a dead hand, I would compare it to that. It 'made every nerve conscious of its presence when it gave that ghostly warning. 