PARLIAMVIENT. THURBDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 1892. LEGISLABTIVE ASSEMBLY. The NoConlldence Debate. [BY TB1~OAPor.J (ROM OUR BOPOIAL OORILEsPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Thursday.o TIH Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. Several petitions were presented, chiefly from licensed vio:ualloers' asloci0ione, against the Local Option Bill. The debate was continued upon the want of-'c!fideonce motion and the amendments ther . , which were as follows: 1.. RE.D had moved :--"1. That the presenst Administration does not possess the confidenco of this House or the country. 2. That the foregoing resolution be communi cated by adaress to his Excellonoy the Governor." Upon which bir. COTTON had moved that the question be amended by the inser tion after paragraph (1) of the words, " (2.) h .t this House derireo at the same time to express its strong dliOsapproval of ' the pay ment to the Promuer of a sum of £1000 out nf the public funds, without the authority of Parliament.' " In which proposed amendment Mer. OANN had mov.d the omission of the words " the payment to the Premier of a sum of £1000 out of the public funds, without the atstho rity of Parliamenf," with a view to the in sortion in their pa!nce of the words, " the way in which the Government have admin istlred the law at Broken Hill." Mr. WALL resumed the debate. He said there were occasions when the representa tives of the people in that House who had allied themselves to a certain party were compelled to make an explanation of their position as regarded that party. This debate had resolved itself into the amendment moved by Mr. Oann. That, in spite of all that could be said to the contrary, was the actual question before the House. (lear, hear, and no, no.) If it had bcen shown to him that the Government had in any way gone outside the ordinary law he would have voted against them, but he would point out that no liberty, no privilege had been won for the people except on the basis of law and order. They in that ioueo were compelled to uphold the mail,:nar.ce of 1i. arnd order, and if the law we.s ws'ong, it was their duty to endeavour by oonstitutional means rto alter it. They might jus: s nwell impeach judges in the Supreme ijourt for their adminietra. tion of the law, Os they found it, ao impeach the Governmeut for administering the law as they found it. That House was the proper place to alter the lw. In dealing with this queetion, they had to judge the position as it weeas when the origi nal motion was before the House. If the issue had depended upon the vote of censure alone ao it was moved, no one believed that the Government would be aefeated; but if they were defeated now it would be upon their atminit·ration of the law at Broken Hill. At last the leader of the Opposition had, manfully and without shirking any issues, stated what course he would have taken if he had been in the place of the Go vernment. This was not an occasion when they in the House should be affected by the voice of a mob outside, but they should view the question from a calm, dispsasionato stand point. If the House forced the Govern. ment from office the House would be forced to the country. (Hear, hear) He had been in the House for yeaore, and he had seen time wasted week after week in the discussion of some abstract question while the people outside were grovelling in poverty. This Government had on their programme a great many measures which were demanded by the people. Legislation had been hampered and stopped by party quarrels end squabbles for office. If the Opposition should come into power, he would support them in their administration and their maintenance of the law. The measures on the Government pro gramme were being clamoured for by the people, yet party fighting waso proceeding, and, the battle for office wase goiog on. Oharges were I;eing hurled from one aide to the other while the intererts of the people were baiog neglected. (Hear, hoar.) The fight was going on now, and membera ought not to allow these miserable party strugglee to go on. Taking into consideration the difficulty the Government had to encounter when they accspted offico, he believed the Government in such critical times was entitled to the oo operation of every honest man who desired to advance the interests of the colony. Mr. CARRUTHERS criticised Mr. Bar ton's speech, and said that from its tone he believed the Government was riding for a fall. If not, why had Mr. Barton's speech been full of unnecessary insults. The whole acnotion of the Government with regard to the Broken Hill strike was characterised by miserable subterfuge, instead of coming out boldly and standing by their actions. If the Attorney. General had shown no more fairness to the miners at Broken Hill thanohe had shown to the leader of the Opposition, then all he (Mr. Carruthers) could say was "God help the men.' Heo, however, could not believe the Attorney.General could have been serious in all his remarks. He quoted lengthily from the spoeeches made by the Premier when in Opposition at the time of the maritime strike, to show that he had oon domned the late Government for their action in preserving law and order in Sydney. Now that dir George Dibbe was doing the same thing, with regard to Mr. Oann's jamondment he desired to look at the great constitutional question involved in the great issue. The firsb duty of the Govern ment was to see that the law was obeyed. He believed the Government had not acted in defiance of the rules which should guide the Exeoutive. In taking the action they had taken at Broken Hill the Executive, he did not doubt, had acted upon the advice of its legal head, and that a prima facle case had been made out on the evi. donce placed before him. The House had no right to interfere with the executive functions of the Government. The men who had been arrested had their right as oitizens to a fair trial, and if they were acquitted of the charge against them then there would be time to take the Government to task for their executive action. (Hear, hear.) At present the House had not the right to ex press an opinion whether any person was justifiably or unjustifiably placed on trial. An far cs he weeas concerned, he intended to support the Government in the stand they had taken in pre serving peace. If the present laws were bad they had a just right to constitutionally amend them by repealing or amending them. He would vote against the amondment brought forward by Mr. Cann if he got the opportunity, because he had no evidence of wrong-doing on the part of the Government on this matter. He advocated a compulsory clause in the Trades Disputes Oonciliation and Arbitration Act, but not in favour of awards being made compulsory. He con denmed the Govwrnment appointments to the Logislative Council and other positions. He would be compelled to vote against Mr. Cann'o amendment; but, although he did not core to bring about a crisis, he would be obliged to vote for Mr. Reid's motion. If the Government had not done wrong, why should they fear to face and trust the people ? Mr. EWING said that the leader of the Opposition was well within his rights in moving his motion; but the House now real. •ised, as they always realised when censure imotions were before the Hou!e, that Govern ments were always corrupt, Oppositions always patriotio,and Goverment supporters al ways servile. He was prepared to prove to any one that the Premier had not acted unconsti tutionally. Ho, as a Protectionist, had to con. .ider whether it would ba wise to break don Protection in order to punish a Premier who had perhaps done wrong. Premiers were all very much the same clurc of men, and were controlled by party agency. Unless Mr. Reid knew more about the Constitution than he did six months ego, he knew very little about it. If the Constitution was written, and there was nothing in it cay ing what the Premier should do, then the Premier had done nothing unconstitutional. If it was not opposeo by the public spirit of the community, also, it was not unconstitutional. He (Mr. Ewing) said he was a Protectionist from conviction, but many were Freetraders or Protectionists bccosiso their constituents were so. He did not believe that Protection came straight from Gabriel's wing, and they know no law passed had fully realised what was expected from it by its advocates. Pro. teotion, he admitted, would not be bene ficial to England, and it could not have all the benefit for this colony that had been claimed for it. There was not much doubt that if a division had taken place a week ago the Government would have won, but another question had now come in view. The Government did not make the law under which they had acted, and if a mistake had been made it was the fault of the law and not of the Govern. meat. Ho asked, would the destruction of the Government bring about an alteration in the law. The breaking of laws to bring about reform would degrade reform and bring anarchy and destruction. (Hear, hear.) There was no short cut to reform. He looked upon the future with an op. timistic view, but, notwithstanding the hope fulnes. of the future, he considered the man a poltroon who would not assist in bringing about Australian Federation. Sir HENRY PARKES, who was gr'rted with cheees, said he raised his voice in chis debate for one or two very simple reasons. He was certain the now lights that had come ameonst them were not so self-willed as not to learn from the book of the past. When they first took their seats in the House he told them ho declined t: lrecognise them as a Labour party, but as rresresentatives of a free country. The sooner they realised that there was no room in that House except for repre •entativee of the whole people, the sooner would they be able to carry uut their duty to the country. There was no room for class re. presentation, or why did not the merchants and employers have their direct represen ?stivee. A Voice: So they halve had in the pest. Sir HENRY PARKES said that since the institution of responsible government had not their legislators carried reforms for the benefit of the people ? Their forerunners had altered all the tyrannical conditions under which the people had lived, and had pre. aented them with a richinheritance. (fear, hear.) Was there any wisdom in saying what bad laws should be broken, because who wooa to decide what was bad law ? Mr. BLAOK: The unanimous decision of the people. (Rear, hear and laughter.) Sir HENRY PARKIS said that no other power except the Assembly could be consi dered supreme, as it stood superior to all other institutions. The moment the gentle. men who formed the Labour party, but whom he called representatives of the people, for. got they were representatives of the people, they were unworthy to represent labour or any other class. The speech delivered by Mr. Want was one he thought he would not be proud of, nor his constituents confident. He asked was not the late maritime strike the greatest trouble of its kind that had ever occurred in Australia ? ,everal members: Yes. lir HENRY PARKES: Yes, and yet Mr. Want had said that the trouble was not so great as the present one at Broken Hill. When the maritime strike occurred he (8ir Henry Parkes) was at the head of the Go vernment, and although the Government was firm in preserving peace there was not a serious assault and not a single arrest. The Attorney.General had occupied a place in this Cabinet, but in England the Attorney. General was not allowed to sit in the Cabi. netl; he was simply the law adviser of the Crown. Mr. Barton had opened his speech by declaring that he intended to abuse no one, but from the first to the last his speeoh was one of, he would not say cowardly but mean abuse. Mr. Barton had even pounced down upon Mr. Fegan, the member for Newcastle. Mr. Pegan had made some harmlessl interjeotion, and Mr. Barton retorted that he (Mr. Fegan) had not the necessary knowledge to judge. They all in the Chamber knew Mr. Fegan to be a perfect gontleman-(hear, hear)-a man of good common sense, who possessed what was more valuable than eloquence, and that was' in saying what he wanted to say, and not wishing to withdraw his remarks afterwards. With reference to matters at Broken Hill, the Government had done its duty, and it had taken the import. ant step quite as soon as they were justified in taking it. The Attorney.General had tried to make it appear that the Broken Hill trouble was to govern the present situation in the House. Notice of Mr. Reid's motion was given before the Barrier arrests were made. Mr. BReid had shown an intelligent, olear, and manly part throughout the whole of this business. He would give his vote mn direct opposition to Mr. Cann's amend ment, and if Mr. Cann had at heart thelinterest;of the class to which he'belonged, and if he wished to preserve their interests he would withdraw it. The amendment would only confuse the issue before the House. It could only have the effect of con. fusing the real issue to gentlemen who were not well informed upon technical matters, and it could not be dealt with without doing flegrant injustice. He would be pleased if no amendment was submitted. He thought the Government was entitled to have this thing terminated upon the plain, bald resolution moved by Mr. Beid. He could not see the utility of the amendment. If both amendments were withdrawn, it would be fairer to the Ministry and to the House, and it would be a very simple issue upon which men of common sense and integrity could decide. Referring to the appropriation of £1000 for the ex penses.o.f the Premier's trip, he said that during all the years he had held oflice he had never appropriated oven as much as the use of the Government launch. No one could point out a single instance where he had appropriated £5 of publio money for his own use. Apart from the Government fiscal policy he was not prepared .to take any course inimical to them. The Government had spent time' meandering about the country. He coneluded by stating that with his eyes open and with the full approval of his conscience, he would vote against the Government on Mr. Reid's motion. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. COPEL&ND; said that Sir Henry Parkes was always talking about closing the door of his political life, but never would do so, so long as there was the ghost of a chance of keeping it open. The Government with. out Sir Henry Parkes at its head was no Government at all acoording to Sir Henry Parkeas. Sir Heary Parkas had said that Mr.. Beid know nothing of the Broken Hill affair when he made his motion, but on that evening, before Mr. Reid spoke, Mr. Barton had made a cleasr statetment with reference to it. At the time the House went into recess the Government began to realise that their borrowing powers were to be greatly ourtailed, and the late Government had the audacity to call for contracts amounting ts four millions which they had not provided for, and the work was now left for this Government to do. At the time he spoke of credit was gone, contracts were lot, and no money to pay for them. Tho duty of the present Government was to do their best to restore confidence in the Eng lish money market, and it was not until they had been in recess some time and matters got worse that they decided, as a Government, to send somebody to England in the icterests of the colony. Although Bir George Dibbs had been ill he had not a defloite intcntion of going home, and it was decided in the Cabinet deliberately thot he should go home as being the beat and fittest way to restore confidence there in the financial prospects of the colony, which he did undoubtedly. Ho had since received private letters from England, giving glowing accounts of the beneficial effects of the Premier's visit. The Premier had merely rec-ived a travelling allowanca, which he received just as the humblest Civil servant received travelling expenses. No one dared to say that the Premier's visit had not been to the benefit of the country. The smallest interest in getting the Treasury bills placed on the market alone justified the expendituro of the money many times over. Mr. HOLLIS moved the adjournment of the debate. The House adjourned at 11.45. 