A Five Hundred Dollar Ghost. : Before the construction of Cuban rail -roads, the journey from Santiago to Man zanille, over the passes of the Sierra Maestira was made in diligences-first cousins.to the lumbering vehicles that still carry summer loads of tourists from gay Andalusia into grave Granada. Like their Spanish counterparts, the springs of the Cuban diligences were not tempered in Toledo, and the bones of the unaecesltomed ached fora week after rattling in one for eight hours. On the afternoon of a stormy autunin day," somewhere hack in the sixties, the American mail had lauded its contitigent of lcLters anid trailers at Santiago de Cuba, and toward crvening one of the bulgy and dusty convevances mentioned above rumbled out of the courtyard of the hotel deo Cortez, loalel up with passengers and post packets for the interior. It was a stroniy siulowvn. On the fiace of the round globe there is not a more over-e?timated stretch of water than thu- Carribean Sue, mor a greater delusioit than that tuiiversally etertainiil by personsliwho have had no ilealings with it as- it is, always mnoot.h sailing there. It is Day of Iliscay and lritish Channiel coltbinied, Ind the wildest gale in their waters js-aaumminnr breeze comipared with Carribeasti.' orinado.. i Such an elemental Satinmi was rising .outd.,el Santiago har Lour oil this evening, und our diligence, with its peaked and . tassel-latted driver screamning tiblhis?teais of miules, its ldozeni inside passenigers la'cled like sardines in a tin, and its najorial (comllutor) swillgil precariously,witli ldangled legs, in the leathern luggage cover, was lfllowe I up the steiep aild pebbly streets of Slantiago and far along the defiles iof ti Sietrra M1aestro by the thulnderig swivell of tlhe ( Ialribean Sea. It over!powscired the e(ase less clack of the driver's whip andt l the music of iuiltifarioius mule Ic ells; it drowned tie coivers;ational atltemplts, and deluged with lwhite dust tihe twelve Swretched "insides" ; rand it even closed the loquacious mouth of the imjoral hiim self, a pelrsonago who, like our oli post'eon duetors, was always stulk full of anecdotes and ready to empty a Ilcaeant glass with anyone. Little by little, as the diligence wound up and up, uaml deeper and deeper into the. heart of the Iiounitaill, the hurricane howls grew feebler, deadened by beatiing against wall after wall of limestoue ; the roar sub sided slowly into litful nails, and at last even these explired: lThe storm, succeeded cahn-calmh so profoundl as to Ie uneaIny.' The highest point of the pass was nearly attained, and the driver had ceased to crack his whip, for the way .wound along the edge of chasms vwhere there was scarcely foothold for the miiles. Out of these deepCs issIued froim timen to time the weirdesl t alu most uneartlily of, sounds. A rude cross caught the light on its naked arms as the coach lumbered "by; and the illajoral, whlo was foillowing on foot, as was his cutslom in steep and stony places, crossed himself piotsly. "An Americana fell down the chasm here," ho explained to a p1asseinger whose curiosity was excited. "And his ghost haunts the spot, of course," subjoined a flippant' fellow conutrymuni of the deceased. "Every hair casts ai shadow, senor," was the reply, unusually laconic for a imajoral. Out of this episodic fragment of talk grw anll animated conversation, with a'sensational cud to it. Nowu that the wind had ceased to howl, and dlust to fly down open thioats, the tongues of the twelve passengers began to wag, amll by tihe time the dangerous point in tlh Uass-aiso-the highest-poiint -was safely traversed, and the driver lBait whipped up his six miules, the insides, with their coiuluctor precariously poided onl the fooothloard, were deep in a discussion concerninlg menus and x-hostly tokens and afritee of the immuntaius. The inkylhuoe of the ci uds overlichad, and tihe Egyptian darkness of the defile down which the diligence was rushing with dreadfiul celerity, predisposed the nHind to dwell on images of m'yatery and terror. Martias, the umajoral, a swarthy, dark-eyed Cubau, wittily superstitious iaid solemnly con ceited, had a well-paldded story of rue or wonder fior every turmn of the road. " At that angle we Iave, just rounded," said lie, " was found seven 'sears ago at the season of the Anlllcei?mtla an abandoned calcsa (puatchaisu), empty sand blood-stained. Noun of the v.',ents (inns) of Santiago owned it; more know how it camne there. But the diligence making its next bi weekly of the Santa Felisa Pass journey, was mlet by two slectlres-a uau anlld a woman--each with a bleeding wounld slit oni the left breast. They rosd out of the gorge-there wherie the mules plunged -the brutes i imemii er it to this day, my scnors-alnd the iliale afrite thrust a knife into the breast of the femule, then into his own breast, after which both vanished down the gorge again, and all was dark as before. Th'le we knw there had been lmutrder and suicide--thus nmuch, but no more. For though diligent search was mailde at the foot of the precipice, it was unavailing. The splectres rleturned every dark night without fail to the same spot, but no mother's son in all Cuba know wlhence they calse or who they were, Thus things wenton till nexst A?uaeenc/ahm . Then camu the Padre Vinez out of the Jesuit colleg~ at lHavana, with four collegians, to make ai sojourn in these mountains. Wiihat knowledge the lads should gather hre--Uodil and the learned padre alone wet. I plied with qulestions mnine hostess of the venja where they lodged, but she laughed, atnd bade ine mnind the Inules, and she woul[d mind the geese. Well, the strange conceit whatever it was-that brought them up here bore fruit they looked for mas little as we. UTp amolng tIhe pe.aks of t.heso mountains, anil noiwhbro elso:ii all the Antilles, there live---Scu ! sdloi's,-tlat inky spot overilad-J:esus I ttut ely only a womanl in auguisil rid a devil-bird canu shriek like tlhat,! IDamieel souIls are prisoned in tlhei vulture bbldies" (devil -birds, like owls, ouly fly labroad at? night), " ibut only in the hours of darkness miay they give ultterance to their ewoo Tie devil-birds live land bIeod among the high crags of the Sierrai Maostlra. -\We Cutbans never shoot them,. Tlhe world is evil enough witlhout setting ldamtned soulls loose in it. lBut a youiiig Esinsald ailolng the iadro's puiils ramI the risk. • One morniug he biroughlt back to the ve'/h a dead devil-lird that hlie had killed ill the .night. Mine hlo~l was for having it sprinkled with holly watr' anid huried in all haste; but lPadre Vinezi laughed, s 'thing wshiel rarely happened to such a grave andi reoverelt senor, t ne d lhe andi the rlads took tihe unhallowedl bird outside and cut it open. Sari:)uominigo! what do they fimd allloig its entrails but a golden ring, mnall illn size, alnd of itno workman ship, and with the llnamse of Zara glavel upon it! Tlhe mystery of -the Satita Felisa l'ass was uravselledl at last. Joalous Moles, tihe husband oftih lovely Aintillian snahltnors, did not takilier awvay with him in the Anmerican suhboner after all. No, 'he took her up thelo Santa Felisa -Pass, and endled love iand'jealousy for hlimself and her with two ltrokes of the knife Zara's ring is stored ill the nuttseumll of Havanai . Iler hotly-anid G.hlois's irdeeived no burial T'lhy sere 'devotireld iy divil birlds, ilto ewiose Ijbdifs pir1htlance 'their Louis had alracly passed. But tho clergy. of Santiago porformed a servico on tle spot 1 where the calesa was found, and sprinkled ; it and the gorge with holy water, sinlce which their spectres have troubled the pass no more." This story, which Matias 'gi-nisled with abuiidantexclamations and `gestures, was received with .grave and credulous interest by all the hearers save one. Tlus was a young Georgian about live- ani-twenty years of ago, who gave himIself outt as traveller for a tobacco house in ilaltiniore. T'his young gentleman professed the greatest contemlpt for the entire category ofrsuipernatiural appearances. "Serve that sort of cake to your Culban niggers, itajiral," said lie. " It has lot suited mly s;tomliach since t was a schoolboy." "Cosas die lsliano " (it is a matter of breed) retorted ailtias, grinning and shrugging his shoulders. hlut the young Yankee's felloiv-travellers did not all takeehis con teunptuous incredulity or open scorn of their ghostly experiences with the nmajoral's philosophie good humour. To have in:preesive narrations received with p)ersisteit IoIkekry is a trial to the best temlpored narr'ators, ilnl)lyinlg: as it does not only doubtls of their caudour, but a Mean opi nion of their intellectual capacity. One pansselger' i l) particular felt hIilself aggrieveil by the (leorgian's levity of tongue. This was a 3lcxeiani of fifty or thercahloilt, soleiunu, cadaverous, and shorln faced, and looking like a Pamipas cattle dealer ill a prosperous way of hbusiuess. I lis piercing Obon eyes, deep set undier low, projecting bIrows, itlparted a hootled-fal cun-like expression to his phllysiognomny This mian haid related the omen of a cold hamd, which in his tfamily pireligured death l'y touchlng the shoulder of the dooimed oue, andu inustaUCe the case of his young wife, who felt the silnister touchli while out aldn: with hlia oi the 'aullipas, and died it few hours after in his aruls, without exlierienciuig any pIain or symplltotius of ill ness. Several times duriing the nlirrative the young comlrellrcial Iladclhuckled loud, alnd li he greeted the coileltlsion with shllouts of laughter. The Mexican looked hard at hil. " lYouing geitlelai," saidl lie, "though y'ou laugh so lightly at the ghostly iadvutuliirles of others, I Makoe no doubt you would le the lirst to quail and trenuble if anlythinlg similar Ihapliteed to yourself." \Vaal, strantiger, if you milieall i ul it aciowalrd, yoi had better say so," retorted the UGeogiau, laIuglilng louder and mioro oltlensively than Ibefore. "Loco (iliot), will you force the to prove your folly t you ?"' cried thie older mLan, clutch. ing the shioulder of the coiiiuerIial so hard with lis claw-like flingers that he winlced. " l declare to you that the sight of aghost would make you drop oii your knees faster than a derringer crack." "'I ale'late it nmiglt, if it had your muscula' claw, dlarn ye !" exclaimted the young ,Georgian, auigrily, vwresting his arml froIn the other's painfiil grip. "Every deni fool muaty have his opinion, but lie lliayn't choke it dowLi other folks' tllroats, I reckonl." Ili warml latitudes, when words run so high, anll aplleal to revolvers is inuliinlenlt and such aii issue of the discussion beilg unlesirable ill a crowded diligence, the other tell travellers interfered ill the interests of peace. Thed lisputants sllowed themlselves amieablel to reasoni; each leaned back again in his cornler, and the stillness of the lmountain delile was broken only by the driver's professional oaths, and the jilgling bells of his six blanikell mules. The journey, now all down hill, lroceedledl rapidlly, ind sliortly before mid ightll the first and lonlgest stage oin the tour to Manzanillo ended at a roadside entl/ , where supper was waiting for the "tih-v'llors. Over their broiled turkey and sliccedl lias, fried ill oil, and fresh roasted cofftb--tlhe iperfule of whicli still filled .thle lousu--the twelve ' insides" grow gay aind talkative. Glhradually conlversatiou worked round again to the sutiject of the ,superIatuLral, and ill the chelerful security of the lbrightly liglhted inll plulor the young coniunercial laughed still iouder oive lis conupauilon'lls stries than lie had (1dOie inl the iiouitaini pass. The exllression of the Mexican's face grew iiore land morlli' signilicanlt. At mlast lie stood tip, and ill a tione of sarcastic illeitace, said, i" 'YouliIg mliul, you defy nie to prove what I saidl. I;uOnno, I acceplt. I ain prepared to suIunloni froii the ldead any personll you naiue. If you caii, laugh ill the face of the spectre. P'Oni-tTule? I will say no Iore." At this unexpected challenge the Yanlkeo sceeled to waver, and his chal lenger laughed derisively. " (Co'ime, seolr', close with him! Close with lim!" i IIi - animiously urged the other tell travellers, whlo were curious to souee thel ohl ine's talenlt put to thle proof, "otlierwise we shall think you verily are afraid." "'''lThen' I callae'o I'll colnvirle yccr to the cnll trairy," drawled the (leorgiai. " l'ii not onil Julbi " (the spirit worshiplped by the Ilgi'rees of the Antilles, supllposed to resile in celiba trees), lie added, addressing the cattle-dealer., and expectorating overi lise shoulder into the ireplaee. " You bet Ihe's soiowlllohre arounld. WVe passed It griL'so of coibas just now." "Corpo ill Christi ! aiii I a niggeror at Johlnny Crow!" cried the Mexicani, his filcon eyes all ialline at the insult imllplied by the younlg niiii n's address. SCanii you not see the senior is afraid, aindl wanlts to back out of tile businless !" sniaeld at sallowt-faced cigar-roller. " D'yo want to digest your slluppcer with a little lead, stralnger 1" inquired the Yankee talpping Ilis breast-pocket suggestively, but hufore the cigar-roller, who seemed eage' to accept this proposition, could speak, lie was thrust back in his chair, aand his voice drowned by eager and iu sistelint cries of " The challenge- keep1 to the challenge, gentlemen I" "Let senor A?mnei'icauo signify whorn amoiig the de parted lie wishes to see, and i aIn ready," said the cattle- dealer, who had recovered his phlegml. " It is understood that I bet hini six lhundred Amnerican dollars tlhat he will drop dowm with tright before the apparition I conjure up- " "Hold there I Six hundredl dollars is more tlhan I can aflbfold to risk !" interrupted theI Aumlerictan. "' Since tloe selor so positively ldenies thi existene of apirits, there can obe nio risk for hlin," insinuated the Moxi cai, all aIrguILnelnlt that was unallimnously applauldedl. "I can't wager what I haven't got," persisted thle young conincrcial, " but 1'11 ,et you a hunldred dollars, if that will sulit you." The MexicanI shrugged his shoulders, amid latighed contemptuously. "Conjure iup a spirit fi'om the abas for the mniserable sun of one hundred dollars I' No, scnor. My wager stands at six hiuud red. If you accept that-awell; if not, I shall take the liberty of beoieving you lack the nteedful courage." By this time the curiosity of the ten spectators had reacled such a pitch that they were preparedl to pay almost any price for its gratificatiom. Oti of them exclaicmedl, "Seuors, let us co-operate to settle this diliclty. \We are ten in ntumber. IHere I lay down lifty dollars :'if each of you will do likewise, with senor Amoricano's hundred we shall have inade up the suin." This proposi tione was eagerly aucceltel, amild ill less titu thai it takea to relate, 500 dollars waer handedl to the younge ounliircial, with the understatnding that if hlie wont thiu but thie Ir'olits should be cqually sliiredl amlong the ten contributors. ie- did not ajp:'ar' oveijoyedl at thie fiumihty aiolbrded lihIt for establishlling his elaini to beu it Illani of actrag; oi li the contrary, lte Ibmuluni pale and uneasy, ant it was niot till thu Inoutk ing whlispora round grot w reso loud thit he coul -no longer protcnd-to boe dcaf to them, . that he said, with a forced laugh, which had mighty little bravura in it. -"Waal I guess it's a done job, guvner. Go ahead and lose yCr money as quick as yer like." The landlord of the vent agreed to place an empty room at the disposition of the necromancer, and the Mexican having selected a basement aparttment with adoor opening into the yam garden, led the sceptical -Yankee inside, and shut the door upon him. lie himself remained outside in the garden with the :est of the comn pany,-whose excitement was aroused to the highest pitch by the cabalistic nature of the next proceedings. Placing himnself opposito the closed door the mysterious Mexican began to repeat rapidly somel formuulia in all unknown tongue, while the falcon gaze of his deep-sunk eyes seemed penetrating to the depths of Avernus. " Who shall I call T" lie asked at length. Fair Zara, the female bull-fighlter I" was the answ:er that came balck froml the dark rooti. The Mexican resumed his incanta trnus. "I calUc'at the lady's husblanld objects to her travelling alone. You'd better call fin 'Ce bioth, stranger," jeered thleyoug colniercial, as the ghost delayed to apipear. Unmoved the nec(roniaiicrLO cont.iuled his mllutterings. At the cud of aitother live minutes the ieorgian called out, " Look here, ltilsamlo, give over swearing, and let mie out I can't afltrd to luse timhe diligence whilst your ghosts aret getting on their ten league boots." "'There is tihe, senor ; there is time !" calleid back tihe iajral, who stood agapo with curiosity behind his passengers. " \hat do you see 7" demandedi the deep voice of the Mexican. "Nothing," was the priompt reply. An interval of a feiw lmoienuts, and the magician repeated his inquiry. There was it pause, ian theln ill a somewlhat liunsteadly voice the answer m;titll, I see at white vapliir at the eilll of thel riolil-you-' ' are lettiing in steami tol l'righten ilse i" " \hat comies olit of the \\.vaiur 1" questioiced the Mexican. An\lothier aulise, longer tlihal before, aniid tlhui hl trci tmulouis iintCejection, "It is a ligure. It alpproacIhes, but I (o not caLre. It is all a dulusionl." " Wihat doeCs the dluhsion do I" demandled the conjurer, with a sleesir of menace in his tones. A sort of shulddering gasp was audlible on the othler side of the door, then onil a sudden a piercing cry. "A woman's kiss I No ! the lips nwere lire-the arlls ice. Let oin gi, ield : tlihere is blood oi hler neck ! Let ine go I aim stifling-strniigliiig! Ah ! 1 can't bear it ! Accursed sorcercri, I have harl enough. lHelp ! Help !" A heavy fall vwas heard inside the rooml. Some of thei coiuipaiiy tore oipen the ioor, whlilst others tetelhel a light. The conmluercial lay oni the floor ill convulsionis, the ghost, of course, had vanislhedl. They sprinkled cold water on the man's face, slapped his hands and feet, shook hlim, andl ribbed him twith viiiegar, frightened out of their wits at the alanriliiig consequences of the spectral wager,. At last lie came to. Drawing it deep breath, lie opened his eyes, iiand cast it terrified glance toward tile end of the roolil, is if lie exlpected to see the glassy gaze of tile murdered ml/ulahdore still rivctted upon him His relief at finding tihe apparition goine wtals quickly succeedel by ail outhburst of fuiry against the wizrur' who lhail called it up. " Where is hlie gone 1" lie cried. " Where is the blainkedl swindler who has been trying to gaminonl lume with his ghost 7 It was a gulli a cheat ! The dead dlni't return." He looked savagely ablout him, but the Mexi can trailder was not there; ie e lad stayed bIehindl in the garden. " WhVre is lie skulking 7 Let rne come at him !" shiouted thile young commercial, and before anyone had time to iprevent him, lie shot out into the garden like a cainnoii-ball. The others followed ill a state of panic, expecting a catastrophe if thie two iileli iet. It was pitch dark ill the gar.den, and they called aloiud to thie Mexican to bcware of thile exaslperated i Yankee. But everythilug remiained quiet. lPresently more lights were.o brought, and strict search was lliade almollg the beds of yalls and cassava aild the patch of slgar-canll ill thie Jilani garden. It resulted in the discovery of iluthing but a young lmolugoose, probably hairbouriig tlievishi decsigns on line host's turkeys. A\ low hedge of colle-b'ushes selparUated the garden froill the adjacent coiunltry, which was enveloped ill the black iess of a storm'y iridllihght. Under cover of this ilpenetrable gloom the magicianl aiill the sceptic, their theatrical animosity laid aside with the completion of theli id/e's, had accomiplished all easy evasion, carrying with theim the 500 dollars of their cajoled fellow passeligers. Somiiie of these laughed at the clever swindle, whilst others aillir'ie.l that the entire advenlture was the work of the devil and his agents. Thue debate on these points occupied the whole of the next stage. The mnujoral was of colurse drawn inlto the arglllleit, but lie would not conmmit himself. "cGod only knicw. ''The Amiiericanios wereo wonl't to say there were idollars in Cuiba for Incl who kept their eyes skinued, and skinned eyes miighit also see ghosts I FoI the rest,?each seiior had paid equally for the right to his opinion." The Imajorld coulil allbrul to be phlilosophii and impartial. I-I had lost' nlothiing, ald he hald aequired a niw, and exciting title of the road. 