WOMAN'S LOVE. During the Assizes held in a southern city, the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of swaying humanity awaited the verdict outside. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows of good birth, companions since childhood, had set themselves to earn fame and fortune, or the latter at least, in their native place ; Albert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Cadson as a doctor. Their love for each other was brotherly ; yet love proved the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms of a sunny-haired, bright eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were fairly equally bestowed between these two. One morning folk were horrified with the report of murder. Musgrave had been shot in his studio. A revolver was found on the table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through his head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to have been bought by Cadson within twenty four hours of the crime. He was known to have been at the house at the time of the murder, as nearly as possible. All these things he fully admitted. Only one fact he denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he was supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing him close to the house ; indeed she had spoken to him, but he strangely passed her, refusing to speak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming, there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned him- self by his own admissions, yet he emphati- cally asserted his innocence. The eventful day of the trial came. Counsel had labored for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case ; the jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men solemnly took their seats. " Guilty, or not giiilty ?" " Guilty." A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang through the court. Edna's un- conscious form was borne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed. Throughout the trial he had behaved with almost callous cool- ness. Her voice unmanned him. He buried his face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. Asked if he had any reason to state why sentence should not be passed, he drew him- self up, and in a firm, clear voice said : " To- day my words are an empty sound ; one day they will have great power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am innocent. No man will believe me. I speak for the future, because I believe an Avenging Justice, with unerr- ing and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the curse of shame of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr." The sentence of death was passed, the judge being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to receive his doom without a quiver. To the last momentous words, " May the Lord have mercy on your s0ul, he responded with a firm but reverent " Amen." Mr Carter, Herbert's solicitor, was dis- turbed in his office by a young lady whom he at first failed to recognise as Edna. What a marvellous change ! Her haggard face, large eyes, looking larger from their sunken sockets, the fierce, determined ex- pression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago ? She had aged years. He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. " To free Herbert Cadson. He is innocent, and I have discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. " Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have been not far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, I, a weak woman, have worked." " Have you any evidence of your state ment ?" " Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cut across the left sole. Herbert never possessed such things. On that night he wore a light suit, the other fellow wore a dark tweed suit, with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and cheaper." " How in the name of all that is rational did you learn all this ?" " Thereby hangs my tale. I believed Her- bert to be innocent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who have eyes to see. No one ever sought. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the landlord, I obtained permission to see the house. I searched for hours without success. I was yielding to despair and wandered into the back garden. Sud- denly Fido capered about me with something in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance made my heart stop— blood stains. I examined that handkerchief as a forlorn digger would gold dust. It was a woman's. It was marked 'P.H., No. 4.' I recognised it, and knew the owner. I smelt it. What a peculiar scent. I renewed my search with vigor. It was evident the criminal had escaped by the back. Reviving hope fired me. Inch by inch I scrutinised doors, walls, windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. My total dis- coveries were some threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through a small window, bloodstains on the sash arising from a cut with a rusty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the window. The ground was soft enough to receive an impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint with a cut across. An inspiration dawned on me—goloshes. From these links how should I form a chain ? First the handkerchief. I went to Laycock's, the chemist. He ransacked his shop, but could not find me a scent like it. I shot an arrow at a venture. ' You sold some to Miss Harvey, I think.' ' Oh, yes, I know now, I got that specially for her. I am sorry I have none left.' " I reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. P. H. were Priscilla Harvey's initials, this was her handkerchief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned having lost my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterfeit of the one I had found save that it was marked No. 7. I twitted her that I knew she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blushed. I bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, but had enough self-control to recover myself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. Now I had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man and have known me from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. At one time he paid me such attention I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest word and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. It most have been the Evil one who suggested it to me. I succeeded beyond my wildest hopes. I need not weary you with details. By dint of coaxing and presents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her my confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Could I steal them for a day or two. We searched together. Buried in a corner of the ward- robe I found a pair. I turned them up. There was a cut across the sole of the left foot. I trembled so violently I nearly let them fall. I took them to Musgrave's house ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the footprint analysed by the chemist, who says they are identical. I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains undone. I swore I saw Herbert three minntes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light, he must have disguised himself, which proves design. A local hair- dresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, etc., for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned them after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." " You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness. It passes my comprehen- sion." '' Don't you think I have good grounds for his arrest ?" " Certainly. Who is he ?" " Mr Satley, the curate." Mr Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. " It is all over, Mr Carter." " What, has he confessed ?" " Yes, in words and action. I was going up to Mr Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was very smart, but she should have consulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him, and advised him not to buy a ticket, as he would waste his money. He turned paler than Hamlet's ghost. " God help me. I was mad. It was all for her," he said in a quivering voice. " Please do not handcuff me," he implored. " Very well, Mr Satley," I replied. Just then the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, I after him. He won the race. I lost a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, which hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying at the mortuary now." Every cloud has a silver lining. The sun- shine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of love united, so nearly destroyed by shame and death.—" Man- chester Weekly Times." 