THE TRAVELLER. TRAVELS IN JAPAN. By Lafcadio Hrahs. NO. V.— BON-ODORI : THE DANCE OF SOULS. Over tho mountains south-west to Izuino, tiio land of tho Kamyo— tiio land of the Ancient Gods. A journey of four days by Knruma, with strong runners, from the Faciflo to the Soft of Japan — for wo liavo taken tho longest and least frequented route. Through valleys most of this long route lies — valleys always opening into higher valleys, whilo tho road ascends — valleys between mountains with rice fields ascending their slopes by vast successions of dyked terraces, which look like enormous greon flights of steps. Abovo tliera are shadowing sombre and splendid forests of primeval cedar and pine, and abovo theso wooded Bummits loom indigo shapes of further bills ovortopped by peaked aiul jagged Bilhouettcs of vapory grey. Tho air , 'is lukewarm and windless ; and distances arc for over gauzed by delicate mists, and in this teudorest of blue skies— this Japanese sky which always sooms to mo loftier tbiru any other heaven which I ever saw— there are only, day after day, some fow filmy, spectral, diaphanous whito wandering things ; ghosts of dead clouds, riding on the wnid. But somotimcj, as tho road ascends, the rice fields disappear a while, fields of barley, and iof indigo, and of rye and cotton, border tlm route for a littlo spaco ; and then it plunges into forest shadows. Above all else, the forests of ' cedar bordering tho way aro astonishments— nover outside of tho tropics did I sec any growths comparable for solidity and perpendicularity witii those. Every trunk is straight and baro as a pillar — tho whole front presents the speotaclo of au immeasurable massing of pallid columnar shapes towering up iuto a cloud of sombre foliage, so dense that one can distinguish noth ing ovorhead but branoliings lbst in shadow. And tho profundities beyond tiio rare gaps in tho tremendous pallsado of blanolied trunks aro night black — as in Dole's pioturcs of fir woods. No moro great towns, only thatched villogcs resting in tho folds of the hills— each with its Buddhist temple, lifting a tilted roof of bluo- grey tilos'ahovoetlio' congrogation'/of 'thatched homesteads; and' 1th "nuija,' Or 'Shinto 'shrine; with a torii before it— Ulio' ft/groat ideograph shaped in stone or wobd.vuBut< Buddhism still dominates pevery hilltop has its tera, and tho statues of Buddhas of "of-Bodiiisa'ttvas appear by tho roadside as we travel on witii tiio regu larity of milestones.' /'Often a village torn Is so 'largo that tho cottages of tho: rustic folk 'about it seem like little' outhousos, niuV tbo traveller wonders how so costly an edifice- of prayer' can bo supported by a community so humble. And everywhere tho signs of tho gentle faith appear ; its ideographs nnd symbols are chiselled upon tho facoa of the rooks — its icons smile upon you from overy shadowy rcooss by tho way ; even tho very landscape betimos would seem to have been moulded by tho soul of it— where hills rise softly as a prayer. And tho summits of soino aro domed liko tho head of Shakka, and tho dark bosBy frondago tliat clotbcs them miglit seem tbo clustering uf bis curls. But gradually, with tbo passing of tho days, as wo journey into the loftier west, I see fewer tcras. SuoU Buddhist toinples as wo pass appear small and poor, nud tho waysido images becomo rarer and rarer. But tbo symbols of Shinto aro mora numerous, and the struc ture of its nuijas large, and loftier. And the torii aro visiblo everywhere, and tower higher, before the approaches to villages, bqforo- tlio entrance of vast courts, guarded by strangely grotcsquo lions and colossal foxes of stone, anil, before stairways of old mossed rook, upsloping, between denso growths of ancient cedar to immemorial shrines that moulder in the twilight of holy groves. At ono little village I sec, just beyond ihe torii leading to a great Shinto templo, a par- - tioularly odd small shrine, and feci impelled by curiosity to examine it. Loaning against its closed doors are many short gnarled sticks in' row-rminiaturo clubs. Irrcvorchtly removing these, nuil opening tlie.littlo doom, Akitn bids m0 look within. fjl see; pnly a mask—the mnak d ft goblin, acngu— grotesque beyond doscrip- lion, with, an enormous/hose, no enormous that I fci'l remorse for haying looked nt it. The' Micks ere' volive'offeriuga. By dedicat ing one to tho alirine it is believed that tbo Ten"U may lie induced to drive one's enemies away. Goblin shaped though they appear in all Japanese paintings and sculptures of t|iem,|tije J Tengu-Sftina aro divinities,' lesser divinitiosMoriis if tho'art of fenoing and the use of all weapons.; ., . And other changes gradually become mani fest. Akirn complains that lie can no longer umlorstand'tlie , language of the people. "We aro traveialng rpgions qf dlaleots. Tho bouses oroalso architecturally different from tboso of' the country folk of the north-east ; their high thatched roofs ore curiously decorated with bundles of -straw fastened to a pole of bam boo pnral!elwi'th the "roof ridge, and elevated about a foot above it. Tho complexion of the peasantry 13 darker than in tlio north-east, and I sco no more of those charming cream whito anil rosy faccs ono observes among tho women of tho Tokyo districts. , And'the peasants wear different hats— hats pointed like the straw roofs of those littlo Wa'ysidc temples curiously enough called an (which moans a Btraw bat). The weather is moro than warm, rendering clothing oppressive, :and as we pass through the little villages along tho road I seo much grace- ful cleanly nudity: pretty nnked children, brown men and boys with only a soft narrow whito olotli about their, loinsaalecp on the matted; floors, .$ all tho' ' paper screens of tho houses ; haying); beeny removed to admit the hrccze. This .people . scorn to be lightly and supplely built ; but I seo no salienoy of muscles, the lines of-thegurq are, always boyish. . . .- . Before almostiovcry) dwelling,'; indigo spread out upon little mats of viice Btraw may ho soon drying in the sun. 'The country folk gazo ' wondcringly at the foreigner. Some old men approach to touch my cIothes,fapologising with the most huftyHo" hows end winning smiles fit their voyaafiirel - cariosity, niid asking my interpreter/all hjrtsof odd questions. Gentler and klnillidf lfacHs..J never beheld, and they reflect the sopJjlboHUiH/ them ; never yet hare I heard a voice (xfWod in angor, nor observed an unkindly not. Ami cacii day, as wc-.travol, tlio coumYyibe'- comos more beautiful— bcautifnl with that fain) tasticaiity of landscape only to bo fouud in volcania lands. But for tho strange forests of cedar and pine— and this fsr, faint, dreamy sky, and the soft whiteness of -the -light— there are moments of out", journey when I could fancy my self again in tho "West Indies, ascending somo winding way over the morncs of Dominica or of Martinique.; ; And,- iudeedy .find myBolf be times looking agitinsbtho horizon-glow for shapes of palms and ceibas. But tho rioh green of the valleys and of the mountain slopos beneath tho weeds is not tiie green of young cane, but of rice fields— thousands lipon thousands ot tiny lico fields no. larger than a oottago gardon, separated from each other by scrpontine dykes. ; And now strango signs begin to appenr in all these rice fields. I see every whero, .sticking up akovo tlio : ripening grain, objeots like whito feathered. arrows. . Arrows of prayer! I take one up to oxamino. it. The. Bbaft is a thin bamboo, split : down ' for about one-third of its length: into tho slit a strip of strong- white paper with ideographs upon it— a niamori, a Shinto, charm— Is in serted ; and -the separated ends of tho can are then rcjbincd.and tied together just above it. Tlio whole, .at a little distance, haa exactly tho appearance of a long light woll feathorod arrow. That which .-I flfst examine, hears tho words : — " Tu-asaki-jinja-Kozen-son-cliu-an-zon" (from tho God wliosb shrino is hofora tlie villngo of pence). ..-,,-_.,,'_.J,jAnotlier rends— "Mibo-jinjn- slio.gwan-jo.ju.go kito-slui-Bi)""'sigr.ifyihg that the Deity of " 'the' - temple Miho-jinja grantoth fnilv.-eyory supplication made unto him. , , : Kyqry where as; we proceed I soe tlio white ar ows of piayer glimmering above the green lovel of the "grain— and always they be- coino more numerous. Far as the eyo can reach the fields aro sprinkled with thorn, so that they make upon tlio verdant surface a great white speckling as of flowers. Sometimas;also, nraund a lltllo lico field, , I see a sort' of 'magicnl fenoe, formod .by little bamboo rods supporting a long cord, from which, loeg strqwa Jiaiig ilowh,) lik'ft fringe, and paper' streamers, whioh are symbols (gohoij, ; arc .sus pended at regular intervals, ..This is theshimonawa —sacred emblem -.of , Shinto. -YVithin the .con seciated space .onolosed ;by it; no blight may enter 110 scorching' - sun ; wither the -young shoots. ;Aiul whero the white arrpws glimmer tlio locust' shallrnot prevail, nor , shall hungry birds do evil. But now I look in vain for the Buddhas. No moro groat teras — 110 Shaklta — no Amida — no Dainichi Nyorai — oven tho Bosatsu hnvo boon left behind; Kwannou and- her holy kill have disappeared. Kosbio; Lord of ltoads, is indeed yet with us; but ;he has changed his name and bccomo si Shinto deity ; he is now .Saruda-Iiikb-no-iTiiko-to,- and liisprcseneo is rovealcd-ohiy;by the etitues 'of tho rhrce Mystio Apes which aro his servants— Mizaru, who sees no evil, aovering his oyos with his hands ; Kikazarti, who hoars no evil, oarer- nig.-his, ears with - his hands. . Iwnzaru,. who speaks - no evil,- covering' his -roouthwith his- hands. Yet no !— ono Rosntsu survives in this ntmo- "l'lioie of magical Shinto. Still by tho roadsido I sco, at long intervals, tlio imago of Jlzo-Sama, tlio oliarming playfollow of dead children. But izoalsois a littlo ohanged. Even in Ills scx- UP 0 representation, the Itoku-Jizo, bo appears po standing but seated, upon Ills lotos flower; and I seo no stones piled up before him, as in me eastern provinces. M by six Jizo instead of five or three or any n l-6i ,l)umbc''' 4,10 render may ask. I myself s -eu the question many times before reeoivlng f"y SiJtisfaotoiy reply. Perhaps the following egeud affords tho most satisfactory cxplaua- Hon According to the book Taijo Uoslii- Tn mn0-? C?lbU,l3U"w n,/,zoliu9at8U "» wom 10 00 Ko (kaIpas) before this era, and hceaAV filled with desire to convort all " living beings of the Six Worlds and; .tho Four Births. And by virtue of; tho supernatural powers she multiplied herself, , and ' simijHand. onsly appeared in all tho.RokWo,,o'r Six States of Sentient Existence,, onco— namely, in the Jigokn, Gaki, Chiknsho, Shura, Ningen, Tanjo — apil converted the dweller? thereof. (A friond' insists that in order to have done this Jizo must first hpvo becomo a man.) ' Among the many names of Jizo— such as." The Never : Slumber ing, '."Tho Dragon Praiser," "The Shining King,. .. DiamoniVof Pity find, tiie signifi- cant appellation of " The Countless Bodied. " , At last, from the verge of an enormous ridgo, the highway suddonly slopes klowiv into, a vista of high peaked roofs of thateh, and" green mossed caves— into a village liko a colored print out of old Hieroshigo's pioturo hooks— a village with all its tints and colors precisely like the tints and aoiors of . tho landscape in which it lies. This is Shimo-Ichiin — the heart of tho lnnd. Wo bait before a quiet, dingy littlo inn, whose host, a very aged man, comes forth to salute me with tiie profound and boautiful courtesy of old Japan; while a silent gentle crowd of viL lagors — mostly oiiildrcn and women— gather about the Korunut to sco tho stranger, to wonder at hirii, even to touch ids clothes with timid smiling curiosity. One glunco at , tho beautiful focoof tho old innkeeper decides mo to accept iiis invitation. I must lcimin hero until to morrow ; my runners, having run for 100 miles, aro too wearied to go fm-thoi- to-night. Weather worn as tlio little inn scoihcd.wlth out, it is delightful within. Its polished stair- way and baloonies are speekless, reflecting like mirror snrtaceB the pretty feet of tiio maid servant ; its. luminous rooms are fresh and sweet smolling as when their soft mattings were first laid down. Tho carven pillars of the alcove (toko) in my chamkor— leavos and flowers chiselled ' in ! somo black rich wood — aro wonders ; and tlio Kakemono, or rSprtHpjcturo hanging there is an idyl Ilotei, qi/K«ppinos'i, drifting in a bark down somo siiaitttwjhTpJrem into evening mysteriaB of i vapory purntej\Far as tiiis liamlot is from all i 'a no obi(!ct t'lsible in the house WhiJi dies not rovoal tho Japanese ousc-oKiiWy in form. The old gold /flifc>\,ofuorwarc-ihe astonishing box "iir— which sweetmeats (Kwashi) are kept — tho diaphanous porcelain wino cups, dashed with a single tiny gold figure of a leaping shrimp ; tlio teacup holders, which aro enried lotos leaves of bronze; oven tho iron kottio, with'its figuringa of dragons and smoko, and the brazen hibaehi, whoso handles are heads of Buddhist lions, delight tho eye and surprise the fancy. . . , Indeed, wherever to-day in Japan one sees something totally uninteresting in porcelain or metal, — something comrnonplnco and ugly— ono may bo euro that detestable something lies boon shaped by foreign influence. But here lam in ancient Japan ; "probably 110 Europcau eyes over looked upon these tliiugs before." "" A window shaped liko a iieart peeps out upon tlio garden— a wonderful littlo gardon with a tiny pond and ininiaturo bridges and dwarf trees, like tho landscape of a tencup ; also somo shapely stoncB, of courso, and some graceful stono lanterns or tores, suoh as aro placed in tho courts of temples. And beyond these, through tho warm' dusk, I see lights — colored lights — tho lanterns of tho Iloukii, sus pended before each liomc.to welcomo tho coming of beloved ghosts, for by the antlquo calendar, according to which . in this antiquo placo tho reckoning of time is still made, this is tho first uiglit oftho Festival of -the Dead. As in all tlio othor little country villages where I have been stopping, I find tho people hero kind to mo with a kindness and a courtesy unimaginable, indescribable, unknown in any other countiy, and, even iii Japan itself, only in tho interior. Their oxquisitc politeness is nob an nrt ; their goodness is.absoliitely unconsoious goodness ; botli como straight from tho heart. And before I have been two hours among thcsepcoplo their treatment of me— coupled with tho sense of my utter inability, to repay such kindness, caused a wiaked wish to come into my mind. I. wish these charming folk would do me somo unexpected wrong — somothiug sur prisingly evil, something atrociously unkind — so that I should not be obliged to regret them always,' oven to the degree of being foolish, which I foci sure I must begin to do as soon as I go away. . AVhilo tho ngod landlord conduois mo to the bath, where ho insists upon washing mo him self as if I were a child, tlio wife prepares for us a charming little . repast of rice, oggs, vege tables and sweetmeats. ? She is strangely in doubt about lior ability to plcaso me— even after I liavo eaten enough for two men— and apologises too much for not being ablo to offer mo more. : , ; "There is no fish," she says, " for to-day is tho first day of tho Bonku, tho Festival of the Dead— being tho thirteenth day of tlio month. On tlio thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth (lay of tho month nobody may eat' fish. Bet on tlio morn big- of tho sixUonth day. the fishermen go out to batch' fish, ami everybody who' 'has both parents living may eat of It. But if ono has lost one's father or mother, then one must not eat fisli upon the sixteenth day." . '.Even s while the kind soul is thus explaining, I become aware of' a.strango remote sonu'd from without— a sound I rccogniso only "through memory '.ot 'tropical ' dancos— a measured clap- ping of hands. But this olapplng is very, soft and at long intervals. And at still longer in tervals thoro oomes to us a single heavy, mufiled booming— tho tap of a great; drum, a templo drum. "Oh I we must go to see it," cries Akira,"it iu the Bon- Odori, the dance of tho Festival of the Dead.. And you will seo the Bon-Odori dauccd here as it-is never;daneed in cities— tho Bon-Odori Of onoiont days. For customs hnvo not ohanged here, but in tho cities alt is ohanged." ,.f f ; fj'jJ-. BiiD'li £' So I liesten out, wearing. only, like the people about me, one - of those "light wido eicoved 'summer robes — ynknta — which aro furnished to I male guests at nil Japanese hotels ; but tho air is so warm that, even thus lightly clad, I find! njysolf slightly perspiring. And tlio night is! dlvino— still, oleor, vaster than nights of Europe j —with a hugo whito moon flinging down sharp queer shallows of tilted cavcBand homed gables, and delightful silhoucttc-s'of robed Japanese. "A pretty hoy, the grandson of our liost, leads the, way witli a crimson paper lantern, and tho sonorous echoing of getas, tho koro-koro of wooden sandals, fills all tlio street — for many are going whithor wo are going— to boo the dance. A littlo ,-whiio we -proceed, along the main street, then traversing ahftrrow passage.bclwcen t wo i lonaes wc .sudde n ly find ourselvcs in a great open spaeo flooded by moonlight. Tills is the dancing place, but the danoo has ceased for a time. Looking alioiit mo I perceive tliat wo ara ; iri. ' the - court of an hnoieut Bitddliist ' templet Tho: tcmplo building itself' remains "" 'intact, a '). low ' long poakeil . silhouette, against 1 tho , , starlight .; hut . it is allSrold and-' 'dark and' 'unli'aiipwed now; it harbepn. turned, thoyj;teU-me, into, a sciiool house. Tiio priests are gone ; tho great bell is gone ; the Buddhas and.tlip.Bodhisatt.vas liavo vanished, all, save one," a 'broken handed Jizo : of . stonb,'; Bmiling, with , eyelids, olqse'd', 'a faint, sweet, half mocking smile under the moon(...'.£'.i.;;'J'-';:.' i'i" ,,"i In tho eontro of the court is a framoivoik of .bamboo, supporting a great drum ; and about it bonches have boon arranged— benches from the school house— on which villagers . ero resting. Thoro is a lium of' voices— voices of pcpple speaking very low, as if expecting - some thing solemn — and merry treble ' cries of children betimes and soft laughter of girls. And ; behind the 'court . beyond a low hedgo of " sombre evergreen shrubs. I see far soft whito lights, and a host of tall grey shapeB throwing long shadows ; and I know that tbo lightsaro the white lanterns of. the dead(those hung in cemeteries only), and that tho grey shapes are shapes of tonibs. Suddenly a girl rises from hor. seat, and taps tho huge drum once. It is tho signal for the dance of souls. Out of tho Bhndow of the ancient temple, a processional line of dancers files into the moon light and as suddenly" halts— all young women or girls, clad in their choicest attire ; the tallest lea Is, her comrades.follow in order of stature— iovo3 of little maids of .10 or 12 years compose the end of tho procession. Figures lightly poisod as birds, figures that somehow recall tho dreams of shapes circling about certain antique vases; those charming ; Japanese robes, oloso clinging about tho knees, -might seem, but for the great fantastic drooping sleeves, and tho curious broad, oomoiy girdles confining them, designed after tlio drawing of some Grcuk or Etruscan artist. - And, at another tap of tlio drum, there begins a performance impossible to picture in words— something ^un imaginable, phantasmal, beautifully woird— a dance, an astonishment. All together glide tho right foot forward ono pace, without lifting tho sanilnl from tlio ground, and extend both bauds to tho right, witii a strango floating motion, as of swimming, and a smiling mysterious obcisanoc. Then tlio right foot is drawn back, with a repetition of the waving of hands and tlio mysterious bow. Then nil advance the left foot and repeat the previous movements, half turning to tho left. Then all take two gliding paoes forward, with a single simultaneous soft clap of tho hands, and tho first performance is reiterated, alternately to right and/left — all the sandaled feet gliding together — all the supplo hands waving together,— all tho pliant bodies bowing and swaying together. And so— slowly, weirdly, hcatitifuily — the processional movement . changos into h great round, cir cling nbuut the moonlit court, and around tho voiceless crowd of spectators. And always tho whito , hands .'sinuously wave togcthor as if weaving . spells, alternately with out and within tho round— now . with palms upward, now with palms downward— and all tho elfish sleoves hover duskily togethor, with a shadowing as of wings ; and all the beautiful feet poise togethor— with amazing synchronism — with such a rhythm of complex motion, that, in watching it, one feels a sensation of hypnotism,; as while striving to watch a flowing and shim mering of water. . And this soporous alluremont'is intensified by a dead hush. No ono speaks, not oven a spec tator. And, in the long interval's between the soft clapping of hands, one . hears only the shrilling of tho crickets' in' tho trees and til-: sliu sliu of sandals, lightly stirrlug the moon silvered dust. Unto what, I ask myself, may this he iikoned? Unto no thing, yet it suggests some strango fancy of somnambulism, dreamers, who dream themselves flying, dream ing upon their feet. ; And thoro comes to mo tlio thought that I am looking at something immemorially old— some thing belonging to the unrecorded beginnings of this Oriental life — perhaps to tho crepuscular Kamiyo itself, to the magical ago of tho gods, a symbolism of motion whereof tho meaning lias been forgotten for innhmorablo yoars. Yet more and.moieunreal.the spectacle appears, with its silent smilings— with lis silent bowings, as of obcisanco to watchers invisible ; end I find myself wondering whether, were I to utter but a whisper,- nil would, not vanish for ever— save the grey mouldering court and the desolate temple, and the brpken.statiie of Jizo— stnilipg always the same mysterious smile I sco upon tho faces of the dancers. Under the .wheeling moon, in tho midst of the round, I feol ns one within tho circle of a oharm. And verity this is enohantinent. I'am be witched— bewitched by tlio ghostly weaving of tho hands, by .. tlio'"rli'ythmIe"gliding of v the comely feet — above all, by tho flitting of tho marvellous sleeves— apparitions!, soundless, vclvoty us a flitting of great - tropical bats. No, nothing I ever oven : dreamed of oould be likoncd to this. And witli the consciousness of the anoiont liakaba behind mp, and tho weiid. invitation of ite hjn- terns, and thVghosVly beliefs of tlip" liour' dud place, there suddenly Creeps upon, me a name- loss; vapory, tingling sense of being haunted. But no ! — those gracious, silent, waving, weav ing shapes are not of the shadowy folk for whose ooming tha ivliito fircs were kindled — a strain of song, full of sweet, clear quavering as the call of a.bird, gushes from sonio.girliah mouth — and 50 soft voices join the chant — \- Sdrotii sorolmiishita 'odorikaga soruta, ; ; . ; . Sprolklto kita liare yukata. "Uniform" lo'view- as (ears' pf young rice riponing in tho field),'- all clad . alike in summer fostal robes, the company of ; dancers havo assembled." .. . . . Again: only the. shrilling of tiiaverickets, the sha-shu of feet, the gentlo -oiopping, and the wavejing," hovering witchery of the measure procecda in silpncc, with tnosmcric; lentor, with a nalvcti of grace, which by.its.very strangeness, Booms nldas .tileencirclingliills. . ( Those who' sloop the sleep of centuries out there— under tbo tall stones where the.white lanterns are— and their fathers, anil tho fathers of their fathers' fathers, and the unknown generations . behind them, buried in cemeteries of which tho'.plucc has -been forgotten for a thousand years — doubtless looked upon a scono liko tiiis. - Nay I The wan dust stirred by those litjio.foct was beautiful human life— .'atldiso smiled and so sang under tho-solfisatno moon, "with woven paces - and with waving 'hands.".":;',.:" :. ; ii. Suddonly, a deep male chant breaks the iiusli. Two giants have joined the round, -and; now lead it. Two superb young mountain peasants, nearly nude, towering head and shoulders above, thc.whole of the assembly. Their yukatas are rolled about their loins like, girdles, leaving their bronzed limbs and torsos, naked to tho warm air. They wear nothing else, save theii huge picturesque straw hats and white tabi, Japancso digitated ' stockings, or rather socks,; donned expressly . ' for the festival. Never before among these people saw I such men, such thews ; but their entiling .beardless faces arc comely and kindly as those of Japanese hoys." They seem brothers— bo liko in frame, in movement, in the very timbre of their voices, as tlioy intone the same song :— No demo yama demo ko wa uraiakcyo, Sen ryo kura yorl ko ga takarn. " Whether brought forth upon the mountain or in tho field, it matters nothing ; more than a treasure of 1000 ryo the precious baby is." And Jizo, the lover of children's ghosts, smiles across tho silence. Souls close to Nature's pure vast soul aro these— naively touching their thought, like the worship of that Kixhibojin to whom wives pray. ' And "after tho silence, the sweet thin voices of .'the women answorcd :— Omou otoko ni sowa sanu ova wa, Oyade gozarann ko no kataki. "Tho parents who will not allow their girl to be united with her lover, they ore not the parents, but tho enemies of their child." And song follows song, and the round ever becomes larger ; . and the hours pass unfelt, un heard, while the hugo moon wheals slowly down tlio blue stoaps of tho west. A deep low boom "of bronzo rolls suddonly across tlio night, tho rich tone of some tomplohell telling the twelfth hour. Instantly tlio witch craft ends, like the wander of some sweet dream broken by a Bound ; the chanting ceases, the round , dissolves . in an outburst of happy laughter end chattering and softly vowellcd callings of flower namcB, wliicli are names pf girls, and pretty farewell cries of Soyonara ! as ; dancers and spectators alilce bctako them selves homeward, with a groat koro koro of getas. And I, moving with tho throng, in the bewil dered speechless manner of one summoned sud denly . from ' sleep," know myself ungrateful. These silvery-laughing folk whonqw toddle along beside mo upon their noisy little clogs — stop ping very fast to get a peep at my foreign face —these, but a moment ago, were visions of eroh- aie grace, illusions of necromancy, delicious plinntoms; and I feel a vague resentment against them for thus materialising into gentle, simple, country girls. And . I feel also the vain regret of one awakened from a dream, whose exquisite broken charm must ever haunt him, until such time as lie himself shell lmve become only a dream . in the memory of friends. 