MY LADY. CHAPTER XXX, ' . COVETON. Coveton — well known to ancient couples .who . took their first honey moons half a century ago — is one of those old-fashioned sea side places that absolutely refuse to bo " improved," and the denizens of which affect to speak of Brighton as Brighthelmstoue, and to treat it as a rival upon equal terms. It has two very pretty inns, but there is so little competition be tween them that there is a shrewd sus picion that they are under the same management, A few more houses have been built, it is true, within the last half-century, but they are all con structed upon that same principle of fancy architecture adopted at Coveton from the first, and which perhaps I may term the Lowther Arcadian. At least I am suro that the models of all its dwelling-houses are to be found in \ th.lt- . respectable metropolitan em$; poiii'.u.'y weather indicators, built- for s.. the accommodation of an encumbered, v'" -.wiypjgj:.f-chiirohei for the dressin'-- tnjiiej in \\.i;ry front elevritiq'ri of-'whioii ydiLliahg your wave!; -beforo retiring to rest j villa res id en cos, down whose chimney .you drop' halfpence for half- crowns, if you are so minded, for tho, encouragement, of : missionary enter prise ; and gritty erections for .all sorts of ingenious purposes, but which to the uninstructcd suggest only tho means of lighting a cigar-match. You. have no idea, unless you liaye been to' Coveten, how odd is the effect 01 a rear village to me construction of which these Lowther Arca dian principles have been applied ; where the doctors, father and son, live in a weather indicator (only, of course, about five hundred times as big), and. tho former keeps in doors when it is wpt; 'and the son goes out , in all weathers, where a genuine clergyman /lives, in a magnified moneybox, and' \you look up involuntarily tit the upper window's' in the expect/ivioa of seeing 'y Help the1 Heathen ;; running in a neat scroll between ffcvfirst and second' floors,- and where tiio' gi'itty church has. a real clock in the very. plape where -the hold was left in the modol. The ! whole place looks, in short, as though some clover child had built it out of a !box of fancy bricks, after the pattern .of what:' he had seen on nursery mantelpieces or suspended from Christ- nms-trees. Not only is tho place old-fashioned in itself, .and resoluto to resist inno vation, but the modern conveniences which some enthusiasts have endea vored to import thitlier have suffered by the unnatural coalition. A branch railway, for instance, has been attached to this Sleepy Hollow from a great trunk-line, but tho only result is -that the railway has become demoralised, and ceasecl to perform its functions. It goes no faster than tho four-horse coach, which still continues to run i between Coveton and the nearest pro- v...... vihcyvl townj it is very uncertain in' it's11 times or arrival "aiid'depavture, and prone to delay, for, with old- fashioned \- .gallantry, its l rains never fail to stop tp.pick up a lady,' if she does but wave her parasol no blatter wliother tliere is a station on the spot or not. As to tho supply of luxuries, or even necessaries, tho railway lias been a total failure, and tliero is just the samo difficulty in obtaining a suffi ciency of food in Coveton as in tho good old times — immortalised in a wood-cut at tho top of the bills of the Royal Marino Hotel — when his Royal Ilighncss tho Dulco of Kent arrived thoro in a carriagc-and-four with put riders, and left a famine in a flattered Jiamlot behind him, after a residence of 48 -hours. Tho most artful London bargainor who should tako lodgings in Covoton, and attempt to do her own housekeeping, would infallibly fail to procure sustenance for herself and family. Nobody but a native can bo certain, for instance, of securing a joint of meat. You have literally to "got up early" if your ambition ex tends to anything of that kind. By 9 o'clock a.m. the butcher's shop— the. facsimile of those which are sold in the Lowthor-arcado for children to play at "going to market " with: — has disposed of its single sheep, which lies dismem bered and ticketed with the names of its several -purchasers, thus: — Miss Robinson's leg, Mrs. Captain Cooper's shoulder; the Rev. Jones' kid neys, and so . on. No sheep will bo killed again till Saturday next. Beef is only to be looked for once a fort night. Veal is an accident not to be counted upon at all. Game — you might just as well ask for bird's-nest soup; and all tho fish that is, ever caught at Coveton goes as direct as tho poor, shambling, dawdling railway can tako it to the great metropolis. If you stay at cither of tho hotels you will not indeed be starved, be cause one-half of tho above-mentioned sheop is always divided between those two establishments ; but you will not find any more variety. They are prin cipally patronised by newly-married couples, who are too intoxicated with happiness to bo very particular about their comfort. Thoro are secluded arbors dotted about tho pretty gardens expressly for the , accom modation of -this class of the com munity ; and when a new arrival does not walk about tlie place with its arm round its waist (I am speaking, of course, of that mysterious duality which makes one out of two people), it walks -about, hand in hand, like 1 grown-up children. Nobody minds, in this little village. where honey- ! mooning is the normal state of visitors, | and discreet behavior the exception. 1 Coveton it-selfj though-on a smal scale, is lovely, and naturally attracts these unsophisticated couples as to another Eden ; there are a hundred winding walks — with rather abrupt turnings, however, yvhich I have heard objected to as bringing folks face to face unex pectedly upon other folks who are already in" that position — and seats provided at tho local expense, com manding -most exquisite views of the sea at all times, .and of the moon when there happens to be one ; and I do nob doubt ..that as pleasant hours have been, spent at Coveton as at- any other place of its age and size . witliin the. fqur seas. I do : not, how ever, recommend any : middle-aged person, who has lost . iiis taste for the more vanities of life, and is particular about, having .cucumber .with .his salmon, to .put up: at either the Royal Marine Hotel at Coveton or tho other: They are .both perfectly clenn, it is true, but cleanliness is not/everything, -or else we' should all., go- to : prison, or endeavor to obtain situations from the Trinity House as supernumeraries in lighthouses. .It is not pleasant to liavo one's bed and board in one (the mattresses of the R.II.M., in.Veecl, I think, are of cast iron) ; and ; v hen one does bring a bit of fish with 'one from town, one does not 1 like it to be boiled in saltpetaj, through 'a mis understanding connected with cooling one's champagne" with' the best sub stitute for .ice. " - - i v However, -Mr. Ralph Derrick, who patronised this particular establish ment, found, for liis . part, nothing -. to complain of,, except that its half-pints of brandy ivoro exceptionally small ; lie, therefore; ordered, a second after' his dinneiyand inquired of the waiter who brought it where Jaeob Forest jlived, and which was tlie nearest way ot getting to his cottage, "Jacob Forest,. sir; yes, sir. You don't mean William Forest, perhaps, : sir answered the waiter, ..gently whisking lii3 napkin like a horse's tail, .and with an air. of patronago in his tone, as though he .would say : "I am very well aware yo.u have made ' a mistake, so -I do not hesitate to own it." .-. "No. I don't mean William ,Forest, nor yet Nebuchadnesof Forest, nor Beelzebub ..Forest,, if those names happen to run in the family,", rejoined Derrick impatiently, " I mean simply Jacob Forest. , ' ." Beg pardon, . sir, .I'm sure, sir. But such an .oxceediiigly . old " person, and so seldom inquired after ; whereas, you see, William, lie's' a. boat or two to let; and if: you are anything in the shell or fossil line die's- quite .an an-: thority. , .Mr.. Jacob's cottage, : sir ? Well, sir, the fact is,, he lias not lived in what you' call a cottage for a long time. He lias had a snug littlo house of- his own, ever since my. Lady Lis- gai'd — rk. But you know all about that story, I dare say, sir ?" .-"Yes, yes," answered Derrick. drily;' for the very name of /Lisgard had grown" distasteful tp him, and particu larly in connection with .his intended wife. " I know that Jacob's daughter has a very .kind mistress — very: in fact, that she will never pai r, with such a treasure of a waiting-, maid, if she .can lie p it. But let us get on. to. the. house, if: you please, for I'warifc to call. there to-night, and it' is even , now growing' rather dark." - Yes sir, it' is, sir. I am sorry that the dinner was so unavoidably delayed; The ,last/trairi ,and ( tiio ..last, coach having come in, ..we did .not expect any. more . gentry this' afternoon, or would have made preparation. But the fact is, sir, there is no hurry with respect to Mr. Forest. You will find him abed how, and you will find him no more than that two hours honce, for poor old Jacob is bed-riddden. Ycry cheerful though, I hoar, and would like a clmt and a glass of grog with any gentleman like yourself, no matter what time it was ; and if you will permit mo to advise, you will wait till tlie moon is up ; for tho path across the Cove is not easy to find after dusk; and then there's the churchyard, which, somehow, ono always dislikes — at least I know I do — to pass through latisli, unless ono can see one's way pretty well ; and after that, there's a bit of a spinney before you get to tho old man's house ; so although you can see it. at top of the hill yonder from this window — there it is, the white house with a thatched roof — you may judge that it is a good long. step." "I see," said Derrick, nodding. "Then I shall light my pipe and stroll down to the sea-shore untjl tho moon rises, if you'ro sure that tho old man will see me at so late an hour." " I am quite sure, sir , it will please him above all things, for ho complains lie never gets no sleep of .nights to speak of. You will go down to the cove, of course ; that's what our gentry does when there is a moon ; and I shall sit up for you till you come back — although our hour for closing is 11, sir, sharp." " Thank you, my man," said Derrick, - "do so;" and lighting hi3 pipe ho strolled down thoughtfully towards the shore. - It was dark enough in tho wooded cove, although' tlie trees were as'yot but scantiiy clothed in their spring garments ; but ever and anon, at a turn of the winding path, ho came to some open spot artistically left there, where the darkling sea lay stretched before him, waiting for I her tiring-maid, thd moon, to clasn | her jewels on. Even thus unadorned, 1 she showed divinely fair as her bosom | rose and fell unstirred by passion, for the winds had lulled since sundown, and her gentle breath came up to him in even beats. How different must , she have .looked from henco, thought he, upon that night of storm which ho expected to be his last. Tho gale was taking them in shore when tho vessel sprung her leak ; and doubtless many a;fellow-passengor of his had reached this coast, perchance this very cove,- although not with life. O' treacherous' sea I you that can smile and smile, and1 break into ten .thousand smiles; and make such dainty music on the pebbly- shore, who can believe how. cruel your wrath can bo, that has " not ?een you tear man's floating homo to fragments, arid' whelm him with his dear ones in your gaping depths? Ralph shuddered and. passed his hand across his brow, as though to erase some terrible thought within it. Tho silent. sky, crossed by those swift and secret messengers tho clouds, has doubtless a lesson for man's heart; which it would bo well if he would more often .study,; bub oven Mr.! Ruskin, the grcat-self-elccted authority upon the subject, must acknowledge' that there are .physical difficulties at : the outset' of this- particular system of spiritual education. Sotting aside the fact that it is only eagles which can gaze , upon /tho! sun with undazzled eyes, ,-th'o. human vertebral is. not. fitted for .any prolonged .inves tigation of tlie firmament; and if. one: lies on one's back— I don't know .whether I-am singular in this' appro-, lionsion, but I am always afraid of some heavenly body slipping - out .of space, and dropping upon one while in that exposed position; Bub everybody can look upon the sea (from the vantage-ground at least of the solid, earth), and that is the next best page or nature so une sicy. xnero is some thing in its monotonous expanse which strikes most of us, especially when wo watch it alone ancl at night, with mysterious. and perhaps, religious awe. At all events it reminds, us, .if there be any materials for reflection within us, of .tho brevity of our span of life, and of tho littleness of its ainis; a visible eternity seeming' to lie before use in the presence of tyhiqh wo are humbled. Under ordinary circum stances,. its %vas not likely that Derrick should experience these feelings, for seafaring folk, in spite of what has been written of those who do their business in great waters, ' are least of all men ' subject to such influences; but not only, as .wo have , lieard him tell- Lady, LisgiircVdid ; tlie sea at all times show to him like ono great grave, ever since it had engblfed his -Lucy, but upon . this occasion lib was regarding- it at. the : very spot, or near it,' where the catastrophe had occurred. Thus, . though the moon had risen by this time, and bathed the deep, as all things else on which it shone, in unutterable calm, Ralph's mental vision beheld waves mountains high, and one fair , fragile forai, now lifted on their foaming tops, now buried in thoir raging depths, but always dead and drowned. : ." Sorry to disturb you, sir ; but will you favor me with half a pipeful of baccy?" inquired a cheerful voice at his,Telbow. " Seeing you - was alone, and without your young" woman— which is rare in these parts," con-, tiniied tho stranger, evidently one of tiio fishing community of tho place, for notwithstanding . tlie fine ness of ' tho night ho was at tired in waterproof overalls, "I made bold, fellow-smokers being always ready to help ono another in that way, if in no o'ther. Thank you, sir. That will save me going to the inn to-night, a visit my missis don't approve of." " Is that tho inn ?" inquired Derrick, pointing 'to a littlo low-roofed cottage just at the entrance to the cove, and only raised a few feet above high-water mark . " No, sir ; that's my own littlo place, William Forest, at your sorvicc. If you happen to be in want of a boat, or ono aS can show you whero to find tho fossils and such like, I can do that as well as any man in Coveton, lot him bo who he will." "Then you are old Jacob Forest's nephew, I suppose, for he had no son, and only one daughter, had he ?" "Just so, sir; my cousin Mary. A precious lucky woman she is. It was through her I came to have the cot tage,. for my undo made it over to me when lie moved to tho grand houso on liill yonder, as my Lady Lisgard gave to him. God bless , her ladyship and good Sir Robert, too, though lie's gone to heaven by this time, and don't want none of our. wishes.". " Yes, yes," answered Derrick with irritation ; " you Coveton folks can talk of nothing but these Lisgards. Now, just dismiss tliem from your mind while you answer a question I am going to ask you. You are old enough to remember that terrible storm which took placo here in the September of '32 are you not?" "Yes sir, yes. And none of us that saw it is ever likely to forget it. That was the very time when old Sir Robert " " "Damn Sir Robert!" interrupted Ralph with energy. " If you would only bo so kind as to forget that respectable baronet, and all bolonging to him, while you answer me a simple question, I shall be greatly obliged to you. Forgive me, mate— but my temper is not so good as my tobacco. Pray, take another pipeful. Now, after that same storm in which the North Star — that was tho namo of the ship, was it not? — was lost yonder, were there many bodies washed ashore about here?" "Dead uns, you, mean, sir, of course?" answered the man hositat- ingly. "Well, yes, there was. I should think, taking' them altogether, for they came in, some of them, weeks afterwards, I should think theve was a dozen or more ; many of them lashed to spars, poor things. But it was no use."' : "And where were tlieso unfortunate croatures put to?" inquired Derrick, after a pause. , They were all buried in the church- yard yonder, sir. . ;Sir Robert Lisgard —but there, I. forgot ; you may read some of their names— those at least as was identified— upon the tombstones. It was a sad sight them burials. Strangers;- and very poor folks mostly, comingfrom miles' andmiles away to seo their dead, who had but left- home a few days before for a Now World, in deed, as they call it, but littlo think ing as it was for that.' You should hear Uncle Jacob tailc of it." ; -S'-Ah, sad, indeed, " echoed Derrick, rising'from his seat. " I am glad -to have met you, mate ; good-night, and thank you." . ':r \- -'i-Tliank you, sir; I never tasted better baccy." . ; Derrick waited 'until his companion had descended to the very bottom of the' cove ; waited; until ho saw the cottage door opon and shut— a mere streak of light ; rind shadow— and : then followed on his stops ; :but .' having reached the, foot of the ravine, .lie .took, the winding path ;. that ' led up its op posite side towards the .church- and Jacob Forest's high-built dwelling. ' CHAPTER XXXI. ' ! ' tiie memorial window.- > ; Notwithstanding that ' Coveton Church is " gritty," like -all tho rest of tho architecture in that locality, and , presents the .appearance of an OAnloainot.ionl awn+.ht»rl in enrtrl- paper, it is by no moans unpioturosque; while the spot on which it stands can compare for beauty >vith any God's- acro in England. It is moro than 100ft. above the level of -tho? village; and commands a glorious view, which would bo a complete panorama but for the steep wooded hill, which pro-, toots it from the bitter north; on'd assists the genial climate to make a flower-garden of the churchyard three parts of tho year round. Even thus early in the summer had Ralph's visit been priid in the daytime instead "of the night ho would have seen it bright with bud and blossom, for almost every gravo was itself a littlo parterre, tonded by pious hands. Poor wasted liiimaii forms,' but hot ..seldom' dearer to others than the . handsomest- and healthiest, often come to Coveton to prolong for.a'little their' painful lives, until they flit away like shadows; ih- 'deed, if you read the gravestones you will find threo out of four are records of departed youth. The newly-married' pass their honeymoons at tho pleasant little village, and those who have been sentenced to doath by the doctors come also thither, and a strange arid touching contrast tliey afford. The low large moon was flooding the sacred place . with its soft radiance, so that tho inscriptions wore as plain to be seen as in broad noonday. From knoll to knoll, each roofing sacred dust, Ralph wandered, not unmoved ; ior nc coo nan iosc a aear ono uy untimely death, and even now was looking for the place where haply she might lie. Ho would have felt it in some sort a comfort to know that her bones rested beneath the rounded turf, rather than in yonder shifting deep, although, beyond the wooded village with its scattered lights, it lay as motionless at prcsentas a silverpall. No loss than thrice, lie cam'o upon the tombs of those with whom he had been a fellow-passenger on board that doomed ship so many years ago. Time had done its work, with these, and they were not easily deciphered ; but he carefully spelled them out— John Robins, mate of the North Star, which foundered at sea on tho night of September 14, 1832. Poor Robins I Ralph remembered him very well. They had been fellow-townsmen to gether at Bleamouth, a circumstance which had troubled him at first, sail ing as he did under a feigned name ; but they had met hut once before, and tho mate had, as it turned out, no 'remembrance- of- him. But Ralph .well remembered what uneasiness . tho possibility of re cognition had given him at the time, for- it might have been supposed that ho had committed some disgraceful crime, which would causo liirn, and what was worse, his wife and tho Meadcs, to be looked upon askance throughout tho voyage. But what did it matter now ? What had anything mattered to that great ship's company, so full of plans aud projects for be ginning life afresh under other skies ? Death had made sudden and swift pro vision for them rill.— Sarah Sutton, aged 69, and Henry, her son. T'lio bodies of his four children, and of Helen, his wife, who perished in the samo storm, never crime to ' shore.-— Ralph remembered the gaunt; strong old woman, who. did not hesitate, within a year of man's allotted span, . to cross the ocean ;. she and her son wero as liko as. difference of ago and sex could permit of likeness ;, but 'the children, like the wife, were delicate and sickly. It seemed some how fitting enough that these two, though dead, should have como to land ; while the others, poor things, should have succurnbed to tho stormy deep. The third inscription 'Was' even a move remarkable one. Upon a huge recumbent slab, which evidently roofed the remains of moro than one person, were engraved these words : " Beneath this stone are laid the bones of those who were washed on shore from the wreck of tho North Star, but whose remains, from lapse of time; or other causes, have not been identified. Re- quiescat in pace." A nameless grave, indeed, . with nob even the, number or the sex of its unfortunate'- inmates specified ! . The slab. bore the . date |of' but a-wook or two subsequent to the catastrophe,; yet spoke :".of; lapse of time." ! How impossible; therefore, to discover now whose bones had moul dered beneath '"it into dust: His -Lu oy migh't be there, or she might not. It was ono of ', the. .few tombs that ex hibited no. trace of care ; but a tuft of violets, the; sweet breath of which be trayed them,, chanced, to be growing at the edge of it, and Derrick plucked (hern arid placed them in . his bosom. He seemed to feel- certain now that she had. qoirie,; ashore somewhere ; arid why not here? How solemn arid stiff- it - was I The very air, thotigh odorous rind fresh, setimcd full of the presence of - the dead ;. and. Ralph's, thoughts: were with, them, so that ho qiiitp forgot tho purposo .with which: lie-had visited' the little village," light after light in which - was : being quenched beneath him, fo.r it was growing lato. .. -. ; Was it likoly that there would, be ; any record of the perished crew in tho church itself? They had- almost rill boon in humble circumstances, being emigrants, and; .therefore;. it, was not probable that any such .costly memo rial should liavo . been erected"; but still it . was. just ' -possible'.'' The oaken' door, studded with iron nails, . was locked, and, also a small postern 'that led into a diminu- tivo vestry, ari offshoot of the main building. The windows, too; were fastened on the inside, , ok gavo.no pro mise of opening, either in hinge or handle ; but he climbed; up to. the sill of ono of them, for.-they were of no great height,; and looked in. The church was small, but very peat arid pretty, witli carved oaken sittings, a handsome double pulpit, and a huge -brass lectern, of the use of which the present spectator know nothing. Ralph had not seen so much of the. inside of a church for many a year,, and ho was fortunate, in tho specimen .thus.acci- . dentally submitted to his notice:-, Tho wealthy visitors of tho place liad done their duty, . arid : gratified their tastes at .tho. samo' time,' by many a pious offering. ,: A small but splendid organ, with gilded and star-bespangled pipes, adorned the gallery on his left ; arid immediately iri front of him glowed a memorial window. There were other smaller ones, erected, doubtless, in tribute to some of those dear ones who had been lriid .so prematurely in the graveyard without ; but this was a very largo and elaborate specimen of modern art. The designer, in. his admiration of the antique, had carefully ro-pro- duced cverv blemish peculiar to an ane wherein anatomy was never studied save by doctors, and perspective was utterly unknown. The persons repre sented wero tho four evangelists, all in the' most gorgeous elves, and as largo as life ; but with their magnitude ceased almost all similarity to the human form divino. Thoir spines were dislocated, their bones were dis torted ; and where a limb was bent it exhibited a sharp angle like a broken branch. In the background rose tho mountains of Judaia, of tho same size arid shape as Christinas plum-puddings, with the sun setting luridly in tho midst of them, like snapdragon. Ralph, howevor, was quite of the opinion of tho groat authorities upon church decoration, and thought this very fine. Ho was also perfectly right in coming to the conclusion that such a work of art must havo cost some body a good bib of money. The moon light streamed in behind him. full upon it, and lit up all its splendid hues. Besides the scrolls, with texts upon them, proceeding out of tho mouths of these individuals lilco ribbons from -be tween the lips of a conjuror at a fair, there was a gilded inscription under neath the whole, in highly florid and decorated print. In the ease of the texts, when you had managed to master tho first letter, the deciphering of the rest was, to a person ac quainted with the Scriptures, tolerably easy ; though poor Ralph was by no means " edified," and -could make nothing of them at all ; but as for tho inscription at the base it looked to him at tho first glance as meaningless as the hieroglyphics on a toa-chest. " Why cannot these good people' writo what they have to say in plain English ?" thought Derrick irreve rently; "folks as come to church must need to bring a copy-book of alphabets with them. Never in all my life, and I've been among strangely-speaking creatures in my time, did' I come upon such queer- looking writing ; and yet, one would think, being all in such resplendent hues, it ought to be something worth reading, too. — Bless my soul and body, what's this ?" This last -ejaculation was uttered with excessive vehemence, and the excitement of-the speaker was such that ho could- scarce keep his balance on the" narrow sill upon which ho half knelt; half clung. His hot breath had dimmed the glass, rind as he wined the moisture from it with his hand kerchief his fingers trembled so with agitation that they tapped audibly upon the pane. He glued his face to tho window for upwards of a minute, and when ho took it away again it Was white as tho raarblo font that gleamed within. Had Ralph Derrick soon a ghost, that he slipped down from that window-sill with such excossive preci pitation, and stood beneath it with his hat off, wiping his cold brow ? " Am. I awake or dreaming?" murmured . he; striking himself a sounding blow upon the chest. "Was the 'brandy at yonder inn so strong that it has .drugged me? or has this moonlight, as some hold it doos; been stealing away' my wits ? or has the subject of my thoughts suggested names of which I had . believed ..no record 'survivod.?". Once more Ralph took his station at tho window, and this time did not leave it till ho had -not only mado hiirisclf master, although- witli-; pairi aud difficulty, of/ that part of the in scription which had ; so arrested : his' attention, but had even transferred it; as well as his position permitted, -tol-bis pocket-book, word fpr word : In memory of ' . ' Frank Meade, aged CG, and ' Raoiiel, his wife, aged 56, drowned at sea, Seit. 14, a.d. 1832. And also of . .. JjALPHGhVESTONE, aged 22, . . who perished in the samo storm. /. Some snored words were added, but Hmy told him nothing moro-conbornirig those three persons; riairiely, his. lost, wifo's father and mother, and himself. Ralph . Gravestone, alias I>P"'ick, had been;- gazing upon his own. memorial window, set up to commemorate liis death more than-30 years ago I . ' Who had done it ?..- . Who could have hadithe will todo .it? And who tho means? And how was it that he and the Meades . wefo;' associated ..together upon yonder painted glass;- and yet UUU DIII7 , WUU WUiO bUO< u UJ uuuu between ' them ? Why was not ' :the death of that sweet saint' made men tion of in a' place so fitting for its record, and where his own unworthy name had found admittance ; and his real .name too— not tlie one which had. stood upon the passenger list of the North Star ? Into his perplexed and wandering mind there "came sotne half- forgotten-., tale, heard 'from he knew not whom, of some Scotch laird who, gifted with the second sight, perceives a funeral pass by — the. coffin borne by relatives of his, and followed 'by troops of mourning friends- — and marvels that among the woful "crowd he does, nob recognise himself. Surely, thinks he, ho should be there, to show re spect to the common friend doparted, whom ho. must liavo known so well, although he misses... no remembered face. Then on a sudden it strikes him : that he himself must „be in the coffin —that it. is his own interment of which he is the witness — and his heart fails within him because he feels that he has had his warning, and stands indeed within the shadow of black death. Why Ralph should think of such a tale in sucli a place, may perliaps have been easily accounted for, but once remembered, lie applied it with lightning speed to the subject in liis mind, only in an inverse sense. Tho reason why his Lucy's name was not upon that mystic monument, whore those of her parents ana her Jiusbana were glowing in purple and gold, must be that she her self was alive! Nay, who upon earth could have.wished thus piously to per petuate thoir memory except Lucy herself ? How she could have had the power to do so, in so splendid and enduring a manner, would have been of itsolf sufficiently miraculous, but that that circumstance was swallowed up, like Pharaoh's serpents, by the stiff greater miracle — the fact that she was among tho living ! For a moment a sort of ecstasy seemed to possess this world-wearied wanderer, and all tlie moonlit scone to assume an aspect altogether strange, such as earth ancl sen, how- over beautiful, can only show to tho pure and hopeful ; then a sharp thought pierced his brain. She might have been alive when she caused that window to bo set up, and yet not now.- Ho knew that those gorgeous dyes kept their bright colors for many a year undimmcd. Supposing that he allowed five years (in which, by-the- bye, Ralph was very near tho truth) as a reasonable time to have elapsed be tween tho shipwreck and tho timo that this memorial was erected — and in less time, how was it possible she could havo saved "tho money for such a purpose — that would stiff leavo more than a quarter of a century be tween its erection and tho present time ? A quarter of a century ! a generation of human life ! Time enough to dio, to marry — but no, his Lucy, woukl never havo done that.;' This window, showing so tonder a regard after such a lapse of years, was evidence in some sort to tho contrary ; and since he himself .had' never forgotten her, and only now, after a lonely lifetime, was medi tating another marriage, ho felt no ap prehension upon- that score. No; if his Lucy was alive, she was still liis, and free to welcome, him as of old to her loving arms. Tho only question with which lie had now any real con- corn was .whether she still lived? Henceforward it would be liis sole business in. the world to find this matter out. And first, she must eertn-inly. havo -been washed ashore alive' ; and . somewhere in these parts. "Who, -then, so fit to give hiin informa tion upon that point as old Jacob Forest, -who had lived at Covetpn all: his life,, and at' that time in. the very cottage -on the beach where his nephew now 'resided? So Ralph Derrick (for, like ' everybody else, we may still contiriue to call, him so) took tho- .path that ho; liad origi nally intended to take aRer: all, not withstanding his marvellous discovery, and made .straight for Jacob's .dwel ling on.- the hill;; no . longer with tho intention of whining a bride, but of recovering a long-losc wife. ; : .w ... (TO EE CONTINUED.) 