THE BOTTLE IMP. CHAPTER II.— (Continued.) The Chinaman listened and listoiied for soma time, nnd at last ho called up the house to Koawo to ask him if ho were woll, and Iteawo answered him ' Yes,' and bade him go to bod, but thero waBno more singing in tho Bright Houso, and all night long tho Chinaman heard his master's feet go round and round tho balconies without repose. Now the truth of it was this : — As Keawe undrossed for his bath ho spied upon his ilosh a patch liko a patch of liahen on a rock, and it was then that he stopped Binging. For he knew tho like ness of that patch, and he know tliat ho bad fallen in tho Cbineao evil. Now it is a sad thing for any man to fall into this sickness. And it would bo ' a sad thing for anyone to leave a houso bo 'beautiful and so commodious and dopnrt from all his friends to tlio north coast of Molokai, between tho mighty cliff aud tho eea breakers. But what wus that to tho obbo of the man Keawo 1 Ho who had met his love but yesterday, and won her but that; morning, and now saw all his hopes break in a moment liko a pieoo of glasB? , Awhile ho sat upon tho odgo of tho bath ; then sprung with a ory and ran out side, and to and fro along tho balcony liko one despairing. '?Very well could I leave Hawaii, tho homeof my falherB,' Koawo was thinking. ' Very lightly could I leavo my house, the high placed, tlio many windowed, hero upon the mountains. Yery bravely could I go to Molokai, to Kalaupapu by the cliffs, tq live with the smitton and to sleep there far' from my fathers. But what , wrong have I done, what Bin lies upon my eoql tliut I should liavo encoun tered Kokui) poming cool lroni tlie sea Tfator'in tho evoning — Kokua the soul ensqarer, Kokua the liulit of my life ? Her qiay I never wed, her may I look upon longer, her may 1 110 moro handle with ray loving Imnd. And it is for this —it for you, O Kokua, that I pour my lamentations 1' ^?hereupon ho called to mind it was the noxt day the Hall \yont by on her return to ^onoiulu. ' There must I go first.' he thought, -'and seek Lopaka. For tho begt hope that I have now is to fi.id tl)t)t samo bottle I was bo pleased to get '4 Pf.'' Now you aro to observe what kind of a ini-n Keawe was, for ho might have dwelt thpfp in the Bright House for years nnd np ono been tho wiser of his sickness ; but 1)0 tepked nothing of that if ho must lose Kokua. And again ho might liuve wod Kokua even as he was ; and so many would have done because they have the bqhIb qf pigs. But Keawo lovod the maid iqanfqlly and he would do her no hurt and hrjng'her in no danger. 4\. little beyond the midst of the night canje in hia mind tho rccolioction qf that tiottlo. EJo \yent round to tho back porch qnd called to memory tlie day when the 4pyil had lookod forth, and Qt the thought ice ran in his veins. ? 'A dreadful thing; is the bottle,' kliqught Keawo, ' and dreadful is the imp. i-nd it is a dreadful thing to risk the t|au)os of hell.-. But what other hope havo i to pure my sickness or to wed Kokua ? What* I' Up thought, ' would 1 beard the . . dpyil qnce only to get mo a house and not fajj(3 bin) again to win Kokua 1' III. Ney.er a.wiuk oould ho sloop, tho food a tuck in his throat ; but he sont a letter to Kinuo, and about tlio time when the Steamer would be coming rodo down be side tlio' cliff of tlie tombs. It ruined j his horse wont lioavily ; ho looked up ut tli'i black mouth of oavos and he onvied the dead that slept thore and wero done with trouble, and oalled to mind how ho had galloped by tho day before, and was astonished. Sohooamodown to Hookenu, and thero was all the aountry gathered for the stoamor, as usual. In the shed before the store they sat and jested and passed the news ; but thero was no mattor oi speech in Koaivo's bosom, and he sat in their midst and looked without 011 the : rain falling on tho houses and the surl beating among tho rocks, and tho sigh: arose in his throat V ' Keawe, of tlio Bright House, is out ol spirits,' said ono to another. Indeed, andBO he was, and little wonder. Then the Hall came and the whaloboal carried him on board. Tho after part o] the ship was full of Haoles — wliitos — wh( had been to visit tho volcano, as theii custom is, and the midst was crowdec with Kanakas, and tho foro part wit! wild bulls from Hilo and horses fron *Kau ; but Keawo sot apart from all in hii sorrow, and watohed for the houso o -Ki'a'no1. I'herd it sat low upon.tho shori ' in the black'rocks and shaded by thi ????: cocoa palms, arid thero by the door was 1 yed holoku, no 'greafer tliari 'a fly, ant \- ... gojng 'to an$ f):o'w|th a fly'a businoas \- 'Ah, queen of rijy heart,' lie Ofiec), ' ! \yi]l venture uiy ^ear soul to tyinyou I' Soon aftef ^arkness f o^l and the pabin ^opo }tt i|ptipi4 the Haqlqa sjt an'4 pjayei fttthppards and cirnitk whisky, »s thoi Oustom is ; but Keawo walked tho dool . all night, and all the noxt day, as- tho; . .i steamed under the lee of Maui or of Molo '?* kai, ho was Btill pacing to and fro like wild animal in a menagorio. ; 1 , Toward ovoning thoy passed Diamom Head and came to the pier of Honolulu Keawo stopped out among the crowd am began to ask for Lopaka. It scorned h had bocomo the owner of a achoonei ; . nono bettor in tho islands, and was gon * . upon an adventure as far as Pola-Pola 0 ? ? Kabika ; bo there was no help to bo 'looko . for from Topaka. ' Keawo called to min \- afrifend of his, a l'awyor in tho town ( Aulat hot toll his name), and inquired c . hith i they Baid Tip had grown' suddonl pot1 «#d ha4 ^ fino' now hp))so upq Waikiki shore j and thfs put q. tV}qi)gl)t * -Jfceaife's hoad,'and hp called a hack an ^jrovo to the' lawyer's house. ; Tho house was all tyrand no\y, and tl' tjrees in th'q garden no groator thah\fall ji|g Btiojioj nn4 tho lavyyor (whon ho pam 1)!-4 tho aifqf a in^n well gleaBod. ' What oan I 4o to servo you?' sai t!|o lijwyor. ' You aro a friond of liopaka'a,' roplit Keawe, *' and Lopaka purohaaed fro me a certain piooe of goods that I thougl you might onublo tno to traoo.' Tho lawyer's face bocamo very dar ?? 1 do not profess to misunderstand yo Mr. ICeawo, said ho, ' though this is 1 ugly business to bo stirring in. You ni; ? bo auro I knew nothing, but yet I havo , . guess ; and if you would apply in a c- ,i : - tain quarter, I think you might ha BOWS. And he named the name of a ma ' whioh again I had bettor not repeat, it was for daya; and Keawo went frc one- to another, finding everywhere m elothes and carriages, and fino new horn and men everywhere in great conte: rank} ulthough (to bo suro) whon I1..11. .. .... inn l.'u-lr lilJi-a -v»u.d j cluuil tivt;r. - 'I'll li'iuti', 1 ,ini iipmi tlio track' i thought Kiawe. 'Tiicsu nun* clutlius and carriages aro all tiiu gift1! uf the little ! imp, nnd these glad faces are til' faces of men u-lio have taken tluir profit ami got ' rid of the accursed thing in safoty. When 1 see pale cheeks and hear sighing, I shall know that I am near tlio buttle.' So it bofell a*, last iliat ho was reoom mendod to a Haolo in Beritania street. Whon ho camo to tho door, about tho hour of tho evening meal, thero wore the usual marks .of a new houso, and the young garden, and tlio olectric lights shining in tho window ; but when tho owner camo a shock of hope and fear ran through Koawo. For hero was a young man, whito as a corpso, and black about tho eye*, the hair shedding from his hoad arid such a look in his countenance as a man may havo » hen ho is waiting for the gallows. ' Hero it is, to be auro,' thought Koa wo ; and so with this man ho noways voili-d his errand. ' I come to buy the bottle,' said he. At tlio Word the young Ilaole of Bor-. itania street reolod against the wall. 'Thsbottlo!' ho gasped. ''To buy the bottle.' Then he seemod to clioko,. anil seizing Keawe by tho arm carried him into a room and podred out wine in two glasses. . ' Hero ia my respects, ' said Koawe, who had been much about with Haoles in his timo. ' Yes,' ho a.ldod, 'l iim come to buy the bottle. What is tiio' prico by now 1' At that word tho young man let- his glass alip through his fingers, aud looked upon Keawo liko a ghost, ' Tho price,' says he. Tbo price. You do not know the prico 1' ' It is for that I am asking you,'- re- turned Keawo. ' But.wliy are- you so much concerned? Is there anything wrong about tho price ??' 7 '? It has dropped a great denl in value tsinco your time, Mr. Koawo,' Baid the yotinu man; stnnnnoring. ^ ' Woll, well, I ahull have, to pay less for it,' says Koawo. ' How much did it cost you 1' ? 1-..1 . The young man ? was ? as white ? as a sheet. 'Two conts,' said ho. 'What I' cried 'IC'awe j two cents? Why, then you can only soil it for one. And ho who buys it— Tho words diud upon Koawe's tongue. He (who bought it could never soil it again ; tho bottle and the hottle imp must abide with hint until ho died, and when hq died must carry him to the red end of hell. Tlie young man of Beritania atreot fell upon his knues. 'For God's, .--ako buy it !' lie cried. ' You can havo all my -fortune in tlie bargain. I was mad whon I bought it at that prico. 1 had embez zled money at my store ; I was lost elso I must have pone to jail.' 'Pour creature, ' said Koawe. ' You would risk your soul upon au desperate an adventure, and to avoid the proper punishment of your own dingraoo ; aud you think I could hesitate with lovo in front of me. Give 1110 tho bottle and tho change which I make sure you have all ready. Here is a five cent pieoe.' It wa3 as Keawo supposed j the young man had tho change ready in a draw j tho holtlo changed hands, and Iveawe's fitigon wore no sooner olnsped upon tho, stalk than lie breathoil his wisli to bo a clean man. And suro enough, when ho got h inno to his roo:n I10 stripped himself before u glass, his flesh was wholo liko an infant's. And hero was tho strange thing ; ho had 110 sooner seen this inirnolo than his mind was changed within him, and he cared naught for the Chinese ; Evil, and little enough for Ivakua j and had but ono thought, that hero I10 wus 1 bound to tho bottlo imp for timo and eternity, and he had no better hope but to lie cinder forever in tlio flames oflioll. 1 Away ahead of him ho saw tlieui blaze iu his mind's eye, and his soul shrank, and 1 darknoss fell upon the light. 1 Whon Keawe aamo to himself a little, 1 he was aware it was tho night whon tho band played at tho hotel. Thithor ho wont, because I10 foarod to bo alone ;and I thoro, among tho happy faces, walked too I and fro, and heard the tunes go up and ? dow,i,and saw Borger beat tho measure, 1 and all tho while he hoard tho fl.unoa ! cracklo and saw the rod firo burning in tho bottomless pit. Of a sudden tho band ' played 'Hika-ao-ao ; ' that was a song . that lio had Bung with Kokua, and ut 1 tho strain oourago returned to him. 1 'Itisdono now,' ho thought, 'and obco more lot mo take tho good along j with tho evil.' So it befell' that ho rotumod to Hawaii by tho lirst stoameri aud as soon' as it ? could bo manag'ed ho was wedded to Kokua, aud curried her up tho mountain J side to tho Bright Houso. ' ' 3 Now, it was with these two that when they were together, Koawe's heart was stilled', but so soon as ' 'ho was alono ho fell into a brooding horror, and heard tli'i n flames oracklo and' saw fho rod firo burn j in tlio bottomless pit. Thp g-irij Indeed, ' nail come to him wholly jher heart leaped i in hor uido ut sight of 1 l^im, her hunt) ' clung to his, and she \fqs so fashioned 8 frdm the hair upon j\ur l)et\d to. ' thp j npon hpr tops flint noiio poqld aeo bor r without joy. She was pleasant in hor £ naturo, Slio had tho good word always, „ Full of conus alio was, and went to and fro in tho Bright Houso the brightest a thing iu it3 throo stories, caroling like biids. And ICeawo behold and heard her j with delight, and then must Bhrink upon ! ono aide, and weep and groan to think [j upon the price I10 had paid for hor j and 0 thon he must dry his eyes, and wash his . face, and go aud sit with hor on tho q broad balconies, joining iu hor songs', ir and (with a sick spirit) ailswering her ,y smiles. 1 ? ' ' ' ' ' ' ~ Thoro camo a day when hei foot bogan j to get hoavyiand ' hor songs more raro j ,£ aiidjnovy i£ was Keawo only that would, U weeji'npart, but oiich woi^ld -sunder froiq £ (lio^thp^, and Bit 'iq oppositp 'balponios, ~ \y'4 thw i\ h°'p. width of the Bright I^ouso j botjvixt. Keawo was so sunk inhis^eB pail be scarco obsoryed the cliangp, at^d l() ^aB,o'uly glad ho l^ad morp hours) to. qit t. q-loijo and bfood qpon liiij destiny, and 0\ waj not ao fri quontly eondomned to pull * i) suiling face on n sick hearc- °Hl [,j day, coming softly through the house, lu hoijrd tho found of a child sobbing, ani thiro was Kokua rolling I101 face upon tin |I( baliony floor aad weeping liko tin lit lo4 '- You do woll to ' keep iu tho hcusu k. KiKua,' ho said, ' and yot I would givi U) thi head ofl'my body that you, at least mitht havo boon happy.' ay T Happy !' sho criod. Koawo, wliei a yo) lived alone in your Bright Houso yo- ir- wiye the word of tho island for a happ vo mtji ; laughter and song wero iu you ; maith, and your faCo was as bright n .n, th-- Bunriso. Then you wodded poc So Kokua, and tho good God knows what i mi amiss in hor, but from that day you hav aw not smiled. Oh t' she cried, ' what ai set ma? I thought I was pretty, and I kno lit- 1 lovod him, What ails mo that I thro ho dls aloud upon my husband ' i I l.KV :i !iy iii:.- -I.ii.j auii i;- la^i: i.oi- fv liiui.i, i.ut lii.-n. „liu Jiluohi-J i.-.-..iy. ?? I'uiir p. ICok -in,' ho b.iid, again. 'Hy jionrchihl, is my protty! And I thought nil this while il to Rp-iro you I Well, y.iu siall know ail. u Then at ieast you will pity po ir Keawo ; ti theiryou will understand Low much ho h: has loved you in tho p:ist, that ho dared hell for your possession, and hovv much lc lis love's you 'still — the poor, tho oondem- m ned one — that he can yet coll up a smilo w when he bohbldx you.' h: AVith that he told hor ail eron from tlio la beginning. ' v p- si ' Ydu liavo dono this' for. mo?' alio cl cri6d,' All,' well,1 then, whatdo f caio 1' si and sho clapped and w«pL upon him.- tl : ' Ah, oluid,' Baid Keawe, ' ''arid yot, Rt when I consider tho firo of hill, I care a si good doal.' ' 1 ft ; ' Never toil mo,' she said,i' no man; It can bo lost beoauso he lovod Kokua, and o no other faults I toll you, Koiwoi'I'shall tl Savo you with these hands or porish in it your company. ' W'iat 1 you, loved me, h and you gnye your bouI; - and- (-pu think I li will nut die Id s-ivo you in return?' n ' Ah, my dear, you might die a hun dred tiniOH and ;wlmt' differenbo' weuld i that make ?' he'oried, 1 ' except to leavo mo lonely till the time comes of my dam nation.' ' ' V ' You, know nothing.' said she j I ' was educated in a school in Honoluliij;:;I 11 am no common girl, aiid l'tell 70U I shall''' .0 save niy^overl''' 'What 1 is' tliia vyoiit'say fi aboutaoent? ;But all- tl'10 world is not ,, A:i!eiioan..i In^ England -they bavo a pieco ^ oalled a farthinj{,'Vhich isi'ahotit lialf a cent.,' All; sofrow; she cried,' 'that ? inakcB it scarce better1, for the buyer iuust bo lost, and wo'iliiill find none- so bravo ' its my IC'Cawe!- But, iliiih, tlioi*o is France; ? thoy lmvu a small ooiii ? there which ia called a cetiiiiiie,':aud these go five to tho cunt or thiireabiiutV1' Wo could- not1 do 3* bnttar. C6m^ ffliiiyfe; let 'us go to tbo ' ^rpiioli 'ialMiigii},'; ' ' 'go .'to Tahiti as ? faist ns' tho 'ship's can beiir us. Thero . we !' have four contimcs,' tliroo centimes, two bentimos;. one centime ; four possible sales , to oiiiueand gd oKfand two of us to push the bargain Comf, inv Keawo, kiss ino; 0 niid banish care.) Kokua will defend x you.' ;{ , , t ' ' ' Gift of , Gods,? ho oried, ' I oannot think- that God wifi punish mo for desir- i ing aught so good j Bo it ai you will, ? thou ; take me .whiire' you please ; I put ^ my life and niy salvation in your . hands.' Early tho next day Kokua waa about j her preparations. Sho took Koawe's chest that ho wont with sailoring ; and first sho put the bottle in tho corner, and 1 then packed it with tho richest of thoir ' clothes and tho bravest of tho knick- i knacks in the houso ' For,' said she, ' wo must sooin to be sick folk, or who ' will bolievo in tho bottlo ?' All tho time of her preparation sho was as gay as a 1 bird ; only when ah« looked upon Koawo f tho tears would spring iu her eyeB aud she must run and kiss him. Ac for Kea- ' wo, a weight wus off his noul now that ( ho had his secret shared, and some hopo in front of him, ha seemed 1 liko a new ! man,' his foot went lightly on the earth, ' and his breath waB good to jhim again. Yet was terror still at hia lbow ; and 1 ever nnd again, as tho wind jIows out a taper, hopo did in him, and 10 saw the ! flumes too and tho rod fee burn in ' liell. 1 It was givon out in tho ocuntry they ' wero gono ploasuring to tho a ates ; which | was thought a Btraugo thing, arid yet not ' bo sWango as tho truth, if an ' could have 1 guessod it. So thoy went to/Honolulu in 1 tho Hall, aud thence ill the jU matilla to 1 San Franoisco with a crowd of Haolos, 1 and at San Francisco took llieir passago by tho mail brigantino, tho (Tropic Bird, for Papecto. tho chief placo'of tlie French in the South Sea Islands. /Thither they came, after a pleasant voyigo, 011 a fair day of tho trade wind, and saw tho reef with tho surf bronking and! Motuti with its palmB, and tho schoouojo riding Bafoly inside, and tho white house3 of the town low down along tho hboru among green tress, and overhead tlio mountains and tho clouds of Tahiti, tho Wiso Island. It was judgod tho most vise to hire a houso, which thoy did accordingly oppo site the British Consul's; tl make a great parade of mouoy, and themselves con spicuous with carriages and, horses. This was very ousy to do us long as they had the bottlo in their possession, for Kokua was moro bold than Keawo, t)nd whenever alio had n mind called on tho imp fni-' twenty or a hundred dollars. At th^s rate they booh began to be remarked in; tho town ; and tho strangers from E^aw)iii, , their riding and their driving, the finp holokus and tho rich lace of Koki^ became tho mattor of muoL- talk. .. Thoy got 011 woll after tho first with the Tahitiun lnnguago, which is like tp , tho Hawaiian, with - a certain change of lettora ; and as soon us they liad any tree dom ot 'a pooch, begat) to pitsl) tlie bottlp. You aro to oonsider it was no easy Buh joet to intrp.duco ;it wt)s not p«sy to per suade people yqti wore- in' oarnoat when you jflbrod to soil them for fouroentimoa the Bpring of health and rich, inexhaust t)blo. 1 1 wi)s necessary besides to oxplaiu tho datigorq of the bottle I and oithor people disbelieved tho wholo thing and laughed, or thoy thought tho tnoro of tho darker part, became overcast with gravi'y and drew away from Koawo and Kokua us from persona who had dealings .with tho devil. So far from gainiug ground, these two began to find they wero avoided in the town ; the children ran away from thom screaming, a tiling intolorablo to Kokua; Catholics crossed themselves as thoy wont by, and all persons began with ono accord to disengage thoiiisotvos from ? thoir advances. Depression foil upon thoir spirits. They would sit iit night iii thoir new houso, lifter a day's wcarinoss, and not oxchungo ritio word; or tlie silonco would bo broken by Kokua bursting suddenly into sobp. Sometimes thoy would pray together, sometimes thoy lyo.uld liu,vo tho bottle out upon tho fjoor, and ait all evening 1 Watching how the shadow hovered in tho 1 midst. At st)ch times thoy would bo afraid to go to rost ; it was long ero ; slumber camo to them, and if either [ dozed ot? it would bo to. wake and find tl)o other silontly weeping iu tho dark; or perhaps to wako alono, tho other hav ! ing tied ironi the house and tho noigh | horhood of that bottle to pace under tho luminal) in the little gardon, or to wander ' 011 tho beaoh by moonlight. 3 One night it was so whon Kokua woko. Keawe was gqiio ; sho felt in tho bed nnd \- his place was cold. Thon fear foil upon ' hor nnd slio sat up in bod. A little 1110011 ? sliitio filtered through tho shutters ; tho room wiib bright, and sho could Bpy the a bottle 011 tho floor. Outside it blow high, u tlio groat trees of the avenue criod out 1 aloud, and tho fallen leaves rattled in r the verandah. I11 tho midst of this a Kokua was awaro of another sound; -r whethor of a boast or a man she could not is tell, but it was us sad as death, and out e hor to bor soul. Softly , she arose, sot Is tho vdoor njar and looked forth into tho f moonlit 'ynid. Thoro, undor tlie bananas, w lay TCflHwo, li'-s nioutb 111 tlni dust, and as ho luy Iiu nicninud. i. »'.j a Ji.rt llnaLa i!it to run j i.ad vjiuuIu hun. llur heooud iteutly ivitlihcul her. Iv. .iwo bad boruu insuif Liutoru his wifu as a brave man ; became bor little iu the hour uf «vak :aa to intrude upou his Bliatno. With iu thought sh« drow back into tho -use. ' Heaven,' bIio thought, 'how care ss have I been, bow weak ! It is lie, at I, that stands in tbia eternal peril ; it as he, not I, that took the curse upon is soul. It is for my sake and for tho -ve jf a creature of so littlo worth and ich poor help, that ho now bobolds so oso to him the flames of hell, ay, and noils tho smoke of it, lying without lero in tho wind and moonlight. Am I ) dull of spirit that never till now 1 liavo irmisod my duty ? or havo I seen it bo -re and turned aside? But now. at last, 1 take upiny soul iu both the bands E my affection ; now I say farewell to le'white stopH of Heaven aud tho wuit lg faces of my friends. A love for a ?yo, and let mine be equalled with [eawe'a 1 A soul for a soul, and let it bu line to perish 1' - . IV. ;Thia.jwaa .a ,deft woman witli her hands, nd she was soon apparelled. She took 1 hor hands' the change; the procious eii time's ihoy kept ever by tlioir side, ur thiH .coin is little. us6d, and thoy had lade provision at a govei'umont office. Vhen sho wus forth in tho avonue, clouda atno on tho . wind, and tho moon was ilacketit'd. The town alupt, aud sho know ipt whither to turn till she. heard some -no coughing in the Bhadpw of tho roes. ' Old- man,' saiil Kokua, 'what do ou do hero abroad in tho cold night ?' The old rami could scarco express him elf for coughing, but sho made out that 10 was old und poor, and a stranger in Iiu latnliU* ' Will you do mo a service?' said lokua. 'As one stranger to another, tud as an old man to a young woman, vill you holp.a daughter of Hawaii 1' ' Ah,' said tho old man, ' bo you are ho^ witch from tho eight islands 1 And iven my old soul you seek to entangle. Jut I have heard of you, and defy your vickodnoSB.' ' Sit down here,' said Kokua. 'and et mo tell you a tale.' And sho told him he Btory of Keawe from tho beginning .0 the end, ' And now,' said she, ' I am his wifo, Yhom I10 bought with hi* soul's wolfare. Ind what should 1 do ? If *1 wont to lim and offered to buy it ho will refuse. But if you go ho will sell it eagorly. I .vill await you horo ; you will buy it for lour centimes, r\nd I will buy it again for .liroe. And tho Lord strengthen a poor jirl 1' ' If you meant falsoly,' said the old nan, ' I think God would atriko you lead.' 'Ho would!' criod Kokua. 'Be lure ho would. I could not bo so troach jrotis. God would not suffer it.' ' Give 1110 the four contimea and await me here,' said the old man. Now, when Kokua stood alono in tho street her Bpirit died. Tho wind roared in the treea, arid it Boetnod to hor tho ruahiug of the flameaof hell ; theBhudowa tosBod in the lights of the street lamps, nnd they soemod to hor the anatching hnnda of the ovil onos. If sho had had the strength alio must havo rnn away, and if she had tho breath she must have Bcreamed aloud ; but in truth she could do uoithor, und Btoodand trembled in tlio avenue like an affrighted child. Then Bhe saw tho old man roturning, and ho had the bottlo in hiti hand. ; ' I have done your bidding,' said he, I left your husband weeping like a child ; to-night he will sleep easy. And ho held the bottle forth. j ' Before you give it to mo,' Kokua panted, ' take tho good with tho evil — ask to bo delivered from your cough.' j 'I am an old man,' replied the other, '| and too near tho gato of tho grave to tkke a favor from the devil. But what ia uiia 1 Why do you not take tho bottlo ? Do vou hesitate ?' ' Not hoBitate I' cried Kokua. 'I am \- nly weak. Give me a moment. It is iy hand resiata ! my flosh shrinks back 1 rotn the accursed thing. One moment iily^' i Tho old man loo.kod upon Kokua ;indly. ' Poor ohild I' aaid ho. ' you ear your spul miagiyea you. Woll, let no keep, it. ^ an) old and can never noro Vs 'happy in this world ; and as for lie lioxt-r— 1 ' ' Qivo it n)0 !'gaBpod Kokua. 'Thoro Ss yoi)r money. Do you think I am bo (biased t)s that 1 Qivo mo tho bottle.'' ' God hteas you, child,' said tho old man. \- Kokua concealed tho bottle undor her holoku, said farewell to tho old man, and walked off along tho avenue, she cared |not whither, for all roads wero. now tho [aamo to hur, and led equally to hell, [Sometimes uho walked, and sometimes ?run, nnd Boinotimos lay by tho roadsido 'and wopt. All that she had beard of boll camo back to hor : sho saw the flames blanu, aud sho smellod tho smoke, und her tlosli withered on tho coals. Near day bIio catno to her mind again and returned to tho houso. It was oven us tho old man said, Koawo aluinborod like a child. Kokua stood aud gazed upon his face. . . ' Now, my huabaud,' said Bho, ' it is your turn to Bleep. When you wako it will bo your turn to sinu and laugh. But for poor Kokua, alas I that meant 110 ovil —for poor Kokua no more sloop, no moro singing, 110 moro delight, whotherin earth, or honvon.' With that sho. lay down in tho bod by hia aido, and, her misery wna bo ox* re 1110 (hat she foil into a slumber instantly. Latum the morning her husbaud woke up and gave hor tlie good nowu. It seemed ho waa silly with delight, for ho paid no hoed to hor distress, ill though she dis 1 aombled it. Tho words Btuck in hor mouth, it mattered not ; Koawo did tho spouking. Sho ate not a bito, but who waa to observe it? For Keawo cleared the dish. Kokua saw and hoard him, liko somo atrango thing in a droain ; thero wero times when alio forgot or doubted, and put her hands to her brow ; to know horseli doomed and to hoar her husband babble, Boomed no monstrous. All the while Koawe was eating and talking and planning the timo of their return, and thanking hor for saving him, and fondling hor, and calling hor tho true holper aftor ull. Ho laughed at tho old man that waa fool enough to buy that bottle. ' A worthy old man I10 Boomed,' Koa wo aaid. ' But 110 ono can judgo by ap pearancoB. For why did the oldroprobito require the bottlo ?'' ' My Uutband,' said Kokua. humbly, : ' hia purposo may liavo boon good.' ? Koawo laughod liko an angry man. 1 ' Fiddle- do-ileo!' cried Koawo. 'An old , rogue, 1 toll you. And an old nus to bunt. 1 For the bottlo wan hard enough to sell at I four aentimtia.' — Concluded next uoetc, 