Ah Fat and Chow Foo. OH THE CIIIN KS, THE CHAEMER AND Til K (.¡OLD FROM THE PALMEE. Ali Fat and Chow Foo Were gardeners two At Wallaby Flat-on the river, And Dinah B. Slade, The pretty barmaid, At the sign of the Arrow and Quiver. Ah Fat he was thin Remarkably slim, Hu counted his patches by dozens, Chow Foo he was that Tremendously fat You'd never have guessed they were cousins. Both gardeners staid They mashed the barmaid, ' Each offered to marrv the charmer, The fair one was cold Till they showed her the gold They- ha*! _ fingered ¿rears back "on the "Palmer. She said to Chow Foo I can't marr}- the two, 1 And coyly hinted the charmer, I have no objection To make a collection Of the gold that you got on the Palmer. I don't care a jot If you play for the lot At fan-tan, or euchre, or poker, And play up they did Till Ah Fat won each quid By sleeving the Ace, King and Joker. So Ah Fat was the man That won at fan-tan The elegant, scrumptious liiuah, Chow Foo smiled a smile Dissembled the while And studied revenge a Ia China. Some poison for cats And Rough upon Rats Ile bought for the good of his cousin, And into the curry ¡He popped in a hurry Enough to settle a dozen. Ali Fat pined away The very next day While a smile illumined his thin face, Chow Foo shed some tears Cut his pigtail with shears And planted bim straight in a gin case. Then to Dinah he hied Shed more tears and sighed He'd marry her straight if she cared to, And the lady relented And straightway consented Ty share the"gold from the Palmer he's heir to. To save, ore 'a lurch, For that beautiful gold That had come all the way from the Palmer. But fair Dinah-I shrink To remark -took to di ink The hopes of Chow Foo were, delusive, She banged bim about, For tlie Foorce she would shout And was reniaikably rude and abusive. Chow Foo grew dejected, nis garden neglected, And often and often was savage-he, She wanted to toff it And drank all tfie profit Of the nicey spling callot and cabbagee. And what was much worse, His crime was a curse His spirit was broken and daunted. For the ghost of Ah Fat And the Rough upon Rat His sleeping and waking hours haunted. And Mrs. Chow Foo So very fat grew Tou would'nt have known her for Dinah. And her very large thirst, Had he known it at first, He'd have htuck to his first wife in China. The end came at last Chow Foo stood aghast At losing his adipose charmer ; The lady eloped, I Or otherwise sloped, With the gold that was got on the Palmer. Chow Foo in despair Let down his back hair As he noticed the figures receding, He took up a gun And soon be was bunir |,,l 1 _._* ' - -ifnil.?IIIIIWW. II """"l f The lady wears now [ A dignified brow And abandoned the name is of Dinah, She takes little nips -And purses her lips At cabbagee, Chin kies and China. Remarkably stout She waddles about And nobody ventures to harm her, She'll show you with-glee. She's shown 'em to me Some nuggets that came from the Palmer. I Gr. T. B. 