MISS PERNICKITY'S' BURGLAR. on The Hour and the Man. [By War. C. HoNEraAN, author of ';J?or lame," &c.; IN TWO PARTS-PART I. The canny little town of Stirling lias hold many a dowie heart iu its time, but rarely a a sadder one than that which throbbed in the breast of Miss Janet Pernickity, for it was Hogmanay night, aud she had no one to wish her happiness in the New Year that was so "ear. ohe could hear the whole town astir and joyful not far from her lonely cottage, and even a pair of lovers occasionally tripped pasb her door full of their glad hopes for the coming heaven of marriage, but these sounds only added to her depression. A woman can bear anything bufi to be let alone. Heap trials, and troubles, and poverty, and cruelty upon her and she rises above it all as if she had wings attached to her shoulders; bub neglect her and she suffers the keenest despair. Miss Pernickity had lived long enough to put aside most of the glamor of life, bub luckily for the world there is something in the breast of woman which never leaves her bub with life-that is the instinctive longing to care for and comfort and help some one. "he felt it then, sitting in that little cottage, which could have held two just a3 costily a3 one. She was not rich; indeed, she might be called poor, for it was only by making dresses and occasionally keeping a lodger that she could live at all, but she knew that she could be worth a mine of gold to some one-some oneto lean on and to speak to and give her an interest in life. Oub of sheer force of habit she had set out her table with current loaf, shortbread, and a couple of decanters, and a .couple of glasses, but there was nobody to taste the good things and she herself turned from them with a sigh. "It's nae use sayin' I'm happy when I'm no, she reflected as she turned away from the table to the fire. " I'm an auld maid noo; and mercy me, in another month I'll be fifty years of age-fifty! and maist folk believe I'm only thirty-nine. I'm doomed now. I'll never' get a man in the face o' creation; threw away a, my good chances when I was young and thochtless, and now there's no chance to be gotten. That ane wasna big enough and this a?e v re<^ hair, and the next ane was puir, though he's got rich enough since; and now they are happy wi' wives and families, and I'm an auld runt left my lane, wi' no a body to first-foot me and say ' A Happy New Year to ye. Weel, weel; if I had haen the sense then that I have now it -wad have been different. I believe if Auld Nick himsel* was to come into the hoose the nicht disguised as a man and ask me to marry him I wadna be hard on the puir sowl." Then she unconsciously let her thoughts run back to her early days, which seemed almost like> a dream now, and her sweethearting and flirting, and her laughing at the agony of her lovers, and wonderment over their earnestness and desperation, till at length a tear stole into her eye, and she impatiently started up and prepared to go to bed. She had had enough °l it, and m sheer irritation resolved not to see the New Year in, but get to sleep and forget all about everything. She put away her decanters and galore and stepped into her little bedroom wishing that New Years had never been invented to bring pain, regrets, and sorrowful memories. Of course she care fully looked under the bed to make sure no terrible robber or murderer lurked there ready to spring forth as soon as she should be asleep, and then she sighed a little when she found none. Even a robber would have given an agreeable variety to her lonely life and any excitement would be better than none. Full of these thoughts she lay down, but the sleep which was to have shut out everything refused to come. She had opened the doors of the past, and the .troops of ghosts refused to be shut in again. A firing of guns and hoarse cheering through the night air told her that the New Year had come, and she instinctively felt one of her hands seeking the other for a JN ew Year's shake. "A happy New Year to ye, Janet," she said to.herself as her hands met, 5"and many o' them; and wishing ye a gude'man afore the year s oot, and then she caught herself blushing - yes, actually blushing at the ' audacity of her own words. It seemed to her that someone else ? should have been the wisher, but then the someone wasn't there so it devolved upon her. When we cannot \- snow white we must snow, brown. The glow of that blush had a soothing effect and Miss 1 ernickity was fast merging into the land of dreams when a crackling sound at the window of the next room startled her back to wake fulness. "Mercy me, what's that?" she thought, as ^ she bolted up m bed and listened intently. It was like breakin1 glass or rats or some thing. Or may be it's mice after that currant' loaf o mine !" and she trembled more violently at the thought of a mouse than if it had been six men with murderous knives in their hands. It is the way women are made, though every"' sane person knows that men are more dan gerous than mice. She felt thankful that she was m bed, high above the floor and wondered j whether if the mouse came up as high she ' would be able to clamber up to a shelf higher up and so escape; but just then there came the sound of someone unfastening the snib of the parlor window and the lonely and unpro tected woman realised that the intruder wa3 no mouse. "It's a robber! a burglar!" she whispered to herself, with a pleasurable terror tingling through her frame in place of the dire dread which before had seized her. " What am I to dae ? I'll be murdered in my bed, and instead of a happy New Year I'll get j cheap coffin and a grave near the Martyrs Monumenb. ISaebody'll miss me, a'body'll say, 'Humph, she was only an 'auld maid 1' If I had only haen Mrs. afore my name the folk wad a' be sorry, and put up a big martyr's monument I for me. Marriage mak's a' the difference." . The jingling of broken glass and unfasten ing of the window was followed by a gentle ; raising of the sash; and Miss Pernickity was dimly conscious of a draught through her bed ! room door, and that the soft footsteps of a man 1 were moving across the next room. There was one man only, so far as Bhe could hear, and that fact gave her fresh courage. Slipping out cf bed she threw on a dressing-gown and glided on tiptoe to the fireplace and felt for the poker. Chance led ner fingers to the tongs instead, but she did not pause to correct the mistake. Any heavy thing is good enough for a burglar. The footsteps went straight to the press in which she had stored away her New Year's loaf and decanters, and then by softly opening her bedroom door and listening intently she could distinguish sounds which told her.plainly that her dainties had found a gorger-scrunch, scrunch, gobble. Gug-gug-guggle. The sounds almost made her mouth water and bub for her indignation at being robbed she could have admired the man's zest and envied him his appetite. At length even his capacious maw seemed satisfied, and the feet wandered softly in the direction of the parlor door, behind which stood stern fate in the person of Miss Pernickity. No guardian angel warned him to turn back or shouted to him that instead of money he would receive cold iron; no ghastly hand rattled manacle3 or chains before his eyes-he walked on to his fate. He just gob the door open and his head ana body iuto the little lobby when with a crash a mountain seemed to come down on his skull_ and he dropped to the floor as sud denly as if one of the castle cannon had been fired down on his head, Felling burglars is one of those feats that needs no practice-all you want is to get your burglar's head in the right line, bring down your tongs, and hey. presto! the thing is done. A shnll scream burst from Mi3 Pernickity's lips when she realised how clever she had been, but as the cottage was quite outside of the town no one heard her or ran to her rescue. Everybody was busy wishing everybody else a Happy New Year, and to them the old maid and her cottage were in another world alto gether. "Lord hae mercy on me, I believe I've killed the scoundrel!" she exclaimed in horri fied tones, dropping the tongs and running to strike a light when she found that the man did not rise or struggle or do anythingbub breathe heavily. "He micht have run awa', an de'ed outside and no' have brocht me into trouble. This niicht be a hangin' business, though it was in self defence I struck him." As soon as she got a light she opened the parlor door wide and looked down on the man. He wore no mask except the crimson one which the tong3 had brought down from the bruise on the top of hi3 skull, and at the first glimpse of his whisky painted features the old maid exclaimed "Save us a'! if it's no' drunken Geordie Jamieson ; to think that h6 has come sae lo\v as this! breakin into hooses in the dead o' nicht, ready to murder folk in their beds for a shullin' or twa or a drap whisky. Weel, weel, this'll be a bad nicht's wark for him-transpor tation for life, I'm thinkin', if he lives." At first she thought of dressing quickly and running oub for a policeman, but then the sight of the prostrate man aud the blood covered face roused a spark of pity in her breast and she paused and raised him and finally gob him propped up in her own easy chair. When a woman once lets pity kindle in her breast she is lost. Instead of even then rushing out for help Miss Pernickity gob some stoub cord3 and fastened her burglar's hands and feet so securely that he could not possibly have escaped without carrying the heavy easy chair with him and then got a basin of water and began to bathe hia battered head and face. The cold water roused him and in a few minutes he was able to look up into her face and ask what had happened. "Happened, ye gallows rogue?"? oried the old maid, hardeinng up ab the sound of hi3 voice. "Fine ye ken what has happened. Ye've broken into my house and robbib me when a'bpdy 'Qlse is bi\3y wighiu' Wain's and gudewill and got idled in the midst o yer crimes. It's a mercy ye werena killed, bub the deil's bairns has aye their am luck. To think that ye should have come sae low as this-a common housebreaker-you that were once a respectable tailor wi'a good business and a wife an' bairns o' yer ain. This '11 be ten or twenty years in gaol to ye; I doobt-ye'll never live to see it oot." "Oh, Miss Pernickity, ye'll surely hae mercy on me and no hand me ower to the police," cried the burglar imploringly. "It wasna a common housebreaking as ye ken fine. I just wanted a drop whisky and a shilling or twa to pit me ower the New Year, and I thocht there could be nae great herm in bor rowin' them frae an auld freend." " An auld freend ?" echoed Miss Pernickity haughtily. "I'm nae friend o' a scoundrel like you." "An auld sweetheart, then," he in sinuatingly added. "Surely ye've no for gotten the days lang syne when we used to gang thegither, and though I was wheedled into marryin anither I've aye haen a warm heart for you -" "Haud yer tongue, ye graceless dee vil, and no say a word against them that's awa'," sternly answered Janet. "She was farowre gude for ye, and if she had lived wad have saved ye from a disgrace like this.5 " "'Deed she wad," responded the burglar, and he would have knuclded a tear or two out of his eyes, but his hands were tied and he had to content himself with a snifter or two." "There's naebody kens what it is to lose a gude wife but them that loses her. I've never been the same man since. I'm muckle to be pitied, but naebody'pities me-not even you, that hae kent me sae long." " Na, na; there's nae pity left in me," said Janet, steeling her heart" against his wheedling tones, "and ye've naething but the whisky bottle to blame for your doonfa', so to jail ye maun gang." 