THE CRISIS AT BROKEN HILL. — . ? ^ .ItE-OPENING OF THE MINES. , ''' ' WILL THE UNIONISTS ', 'hi RETURN'? ; '? THE REDUCED PRICE OF * ' ? » SrLVER. ' PURCHASES BY AMERICA \--,j ,. - AND INDIA. j .''? ? 'i'mHOW THEY AFFECT US. 36 MINES CLOSED IN IDAHO. The terribly severo reduction in the price of silver evidently has not had the least to do with bringing about a settlement of the great difficulty on the Barrier, for whereas before the fall there existed a possibility that the Broken Hill miners might be asked to return on their old footing without any repudiation by '/.tho ownors of unionism, there now is not '.the ghost of ft chance of such a settle ment, and to-day the mines are to be ; opened and: work started on the reduced acalo arranged, but at the same wages, and tho same time, 8 hours,, as before. How many men will he found to accept those terms, which under present condi tions are as fair as can be made, remains 'to ' be{ seen. ? Certain it is that the ? unionists will not go back either as a ?body, nor yet' in sufficient numbers to .enable the directors to make a fair start without assistance from out . side, and as labor will have to be ob tained, the whole matter immediately at issue.may be summed up in four questions. (1.) Will the directors adhere to their \- intention of continuing active work at the 1 mines, with or without the opposition of ?the miners ? (2.)How long will it take to prove to the men the utter futility of their combating influences beyond the power even of the directors of the mines, and disastrous-consequences, not of the ?cupidity of the owners, but of the fall in ,the price of silver, due to the determina tion of the United States and India not to further purchuse'.' (0.) Will the .voluntarily idle unionists permit the mines to be worked by labor that is not .unionised? (i.) If they will, what is. to be .001110 of the present population of Broken .Hill, and if not, . what is to bo done to protect the men, it may be the intention of the mine directors to engage to dis place those on strike ? '; . These are questions which a few days will decide, and, pending the decision, all Australia will anxiously watch events at Broken . Hill as the scone of, tho greatest capital-labor struggle that ever has taken place in the colonies. Tho ?inability of the directors to continue as they 'were doing, when tho strike iirst occurred wo disallowed, but'jircumstancos bavo since 'happened which compel us to acknowledge thut the uiinos of Broken Hill are now positively tumble to con tinue as they 'wero '? being worked before tho call out. And thin be cause of tho unprecedented fall in the price ol' ailver, which shrinkage shows no sign ol recovery nor yet of having reached its lowest level. America »nd India have paralysed the market by their purchasing retrenchments, and the silver producing fields of the world must suffer in consequence, and until a re covery comes, continue doing so, to tho loss of employers and employees alike. Tho great strike on the Barrier represent ing tho men of perhaps half a dozen mines, cannot alter this — it is a natural law : and the only satisfaction we can have in the difficulty is in kuowiug that wo are not among the greatest sufferers, for, by a tote cable, it is given to the world, that notonly G, but 30 silver mines have been compelled to close down in Idaho, America, owing to exactly the *-uutu ?causes which now prevent the directors on the Barrier from reinstating their Jate employees 01: the old terms, under union- ? J6U1. 