CONSECRATION AND INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OF GOTJLBURN. The First of November (All Saints' Day) was indeed a red-letter day for the Diocese of Goulburn, as also for the Church in these colonies, for it saw the Consecration of an Australian clergyman in an Austrar lian Cathedral by Australian Bishops to be the Bishop of one of the oldest and most important of our Australian Sees. The ceremony had been originally fixed for the month of September, but had been postponed to allow time for a Bill to be passed by the Legislature of New South Wales which should put beyond dispute the title of the new ±Jisnop, tnough not consecrated m England under the Queen's mandate, to take his predecessor's place on the various Church trusts which he will have to administer. That Bill was passed through all its stages on Wednesday, October 26th, leaving the road clear for the consecration on November 1st. The Bishop-elect, with the Revs. W. CvPritchard and J. C. Love, and Mrs. Chalmers and Mrs. Pritchard, had left Melbourne on the previous Friday, and spent the intervening days at the quiet and picturesque village of Moss Vale, on the Sydney line of rail. The other visitors from Victoria, including the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, Canon Vance, and the Revs. J. F. Stretch, J. Allen, W. W. Mantell, and Theodore Dowling, of the Syrian Mission, arrived at Goulburn at half-past seven oh the Tuesday morning, where they were met by the Bishop-elect, the Dean of Goulburn, Archdeacon Puddicombe, with Messrs. Brett and Freeman, and other members of the Cathedral Committee, and at once conveyed to the various houses in which hospitality was awaiting them. In three hours after their arrival it was time for them to make their way to the Cathedral. As they passed through the streets it was plain that all Goulburn was making ; holiday. The town, which is about two thirds the size of Bendigo, bifti does not on ordinary days present so busy an appearance as that of 'the. great mining city, was' that morning thronged with visitors, among whom the black coats of the clergy were decidedly predominant. The Cathedral stands on a command ing site, and is in every way worthy of the praise bestowed on it by the late Bishop Thomas in a speech delivered some years ago in our Mel bourne Town Hall. After St. Paul's, Melbourne, with which, of course, ''. it cannot compare, either for site or cost, we know of no church in Aus tralia more beautiful throughout, or worthier to be the mother church of an important diocese, than St. Saviour's Cathedral, Goulburn. The Primate, with the Bishops of Brisbane, Newcastle, and Riverina, were early at the Cathedral. The Bishop of Newcastle had been in Goulburn for some days', and on the day before had 'solemnly laid in consecrated ground, 'under the shadow of the Cathedral which he built and loved,' the remains of the saintly Bishop Thomas, which till then had found temporary resting-place in the local cemetery. At a few minutes after eleven the consecration ceremonies began. The procession, which' was a very long one, and was admirably arranged, and made an imposing spectacle, marched in the following order: — The choir, who kept excellent time, and marched as one man; the Precentor; the verger, bearing a staff as badge of his office; the synodsmen ; the Cathedral council ; the visiting clergy, the Revs. D. Murphy (North Willoughby) and A. D. Stoddard (Sutton Forest), Sydney Diocese ; the Revs. J. C. Love, W. W. Mantell, and J. Allen, from the Diocese of Melbourne ; the Dean of Newcastle (the Very Rev. A. E. Selwyn); and the i Rev. J. E. Dowling, Chaplain to the Bishop of Jerusalem; the clergy of the Diocese of Goulburn, the Revs. P. M. Flinn, B.A. (Tarago), A. R. Shaw (Germanton), A. Duncan, M.A. (Cobargo).W. Jordan, M.A. (Gegedzerick), J. S. Dobson (Braidwood), F. Richmond (Burrowa), J. Bean (Binda), G. A. Carver Young), A. I. O'Reilly (Crookwell); F. Bevan, B.A. (Cooma), T. Symonds (Queanbeyan), A. C. Mosley (Marulan), J. Studds (Junee , J. A. Newth, M.A. (Kameruka), R.J.Ross Edwards, M.A. (Gundagai , R. Leigh (Tumut), J. Scott (Bungendore), W. M. Martyn (Taralga , G. Soares (Temora), J. H. Williams (Gunning), G. Spencer (Bega), H. E. Thomson (Tumut), A;T. Puddicombe, B.D. (Goulburn), P. G. Smith, M.A. (Canberra), and Canon Soares (West Goulburn) ; the Dean; the acting-chancellor; the preacher (Canon Vance) ; the Bishop- elect, attended by his acting-chaplain (the Rev.W.C. Pritchard) ; the. -Bishop of Melbourne, with his chaplains (the Revs. J. R. Garlandt and J. F. Stretch) ; the Bishop of Brisbane (the Right , Rev. Dr. Webber), -attended by his acting-chaplain (the Rev. Canon D'Arcy Irvine, D.D.) ; the Bishop of Riverina (the Right Rev. Dr; Linton) and his acting-chaplain (the Rev. Canon Betts) ; the Bishop of New castle and his chaplains (the Rev. Canons S. Simm and F. D: Bode) ; the Bishop of Ballarat and his actingrchaplains (the Rev. Canons Faunce and Kingsmill) ; the Primate (the Most Rev. Dr. Saumarez Smith) and his chaplains (the Revs. J. Chaffers Welsh, Canon Sharp, and A. Yarnold). Bishops' staffs were carried by one of the chaplains . to. the Primate and by the chaplains to the Bishops of Ballarat and Melbourne. The Bishops of Ballarat, Riverina, Brisbane, and Melbourne wore their scarlet chimere, or Doctor's degree, whilst the other bishops wore the hoods of their various colleges. . Matins having been said at eight o'clock, the Primate, at the conclusion of the processional hymn ('The Church's. One Foun dation'), began the Communion Office. The Bishop of New castle read the Epistle, the Bishop of Riverina the Gospel. The Consecration Sermon, preached by Canon Vance from 1 Timothy iii. 1, has been already reported in these columns. Nothing could have been more suitable to such a great occasion. It, was evident that the thrilling words with which the sermon closed made a deep impression upon many, and the Bishop-elect was greatly moved. The sermon ended, the Bishop-elect was then conducted to the Bishop's vestry by his chaplain, and clothed himself in his rochet. During his absence the following anthem by Gounod was sung, ' Send out Thy Light and Thy Truth;' this is said to be the com poser's best anthem, reminding one of that beautiful song of his, 'Nazareth.' The Bishop-elect then returned, and, having been met at the vestry by the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, was presented by them in the usual form to the Primate for consecration. The Primate then demanded the certificate of the confirmation of the same by the Metropolitan and Bishop of the Province of New South Wales, and caused them to be read by the acting-chancellor. The oath of canonical obedience to the Primate of Australia and Tasmania was then duly administered by the acting-chancellor. The presenting bishops resumed their places within the sanctuary, and the Litany was chanted by the Precentor and choir. . During the chanting of the Litany the Bishop-elect remained in a kneeling position. At the conclusion of the Litany the usual questions of examination were put, and duly answered by the Bishop-elecJ. After this the Bishop-elect again retired to the vestry, and assumed the remainder of the episcopal habit. During his absence another anthem from Mendelssohn's Oratorio of St. Paul was sung by the choir: '-' How Lovely are the Messengers that Preach us the Gospel of Peace; to all the Nations is gone 'forth the Sound of their Words.' On the return of the Bishop-elect, the Veni Creator Spiritus was sung, the congregation kneeling; and the Primate then read a prayer, after which the imposition of the hands of all the bishops took place, and authority, to fill the office of bishop was given by the Primate, and the Bible delivered to the newly-consecrated Bishop, with the exhortation appointed in the Consecration Service. The offertory sentence by Barnby was most. effectively rendered by the choir, during which the devotions ,were received by the officers appointed for that purpose, and presented by them to the Dean, who received them at the entrance of the choir, and then presented them to the Primate. Between two hundred and three hundred persons remained to partake of the Holy Communion. At the conclusion of the service the Dean received the devotions : from the Primate, and the Bishops, clergy, choir, synodsmen, and Cathedral council (hi the reverse order to that of entering) left the building to the recessional march, 'Now Thank we all our God,' which made a fitting conclusion to a hearty and reverential service. .,.-?? In the afternoon a luncheon was given by Mr. James Hayes. It was the occasion for much happy congratulation. Several speeches were made, and all of them were much above the order of afterdinner speaking. The occasion served to show that all Churchmen were ready to acknowledge that it was a day on which we might well thank God and take courage. Apart from the occasion of the gathering, the fact that so many had come together from distant parts of Australia was a witness to our unity and an evidence of the growth and progress of the Australian Church. Perhaps a.Jittle top much was said about the. great advantage of having Australian Bishops, but a little rhetoric might well be pardoned under the circumstances. We are sure that if all Australian-trained. Bishops are as loyal to the English Church as the new Bishop of Goulburn, the communion of Australian Church men with the mother country will be strengthened more and more as the daughter of so fostering and careful a mother looks to the ways of her own household, and reviews the traditions of centuries of vigorous Church life in the southern hemisphere. The installation took place the same day, at half -past seven p.m. The processional on the occasion was, ' The Son of God goes forth to War.' The service was intoned as in the morning by the Rev. Dr. Corlette, of Ashfield, Sydney. The Psalms were the 96th, 121st, and 122nd. The first lesson (Joshua i. 1-9) was read by the Rev. Canon Scares (senior Canon), and the second lesson (St. John xxi. 15-25) by the Rev. A. T. Puddicpmbe, B.D., Incumbent of St. Saviour's Parish. The anthem was 'How Beautiful are the Feet,' &c.; At its conclusion the Dean, standing at the entrance of the choir, read the Metropoli tan mandate requiring him to install the Bishop, and the Bishop delivered to the Dean the official certificate of his consecration, which was read aloud by the acting-chancellor. The Bishop. then made the following declaration :— .. ' , 'I, William, Bishop of Goulburn, do hereby promise to respect,' maintain, and defend the 'rights, privileges, and liberties of: this - Cathedral church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity ; not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavouring ;'tp show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will , do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. ' I, William, Bishop of Goulburn, do hereby promise to accept as .... binding upon myself, all rules, determinations, ordinances, and reso lutions heretofore made or hereafter to be made by the general synod of the dioceses of the Church of England in Australia and Tas- ? .. mania, and. by the synod of this diocese. And this I will do, the ; Lord being my helper.' Amen.' The Dean, as administrator of the diocese, then addressed the Bishop as follows :— m In behalf of the Synod of Goulburn, I, William . ,, Henry Pownall, Bachelor' of Divinity, administrator of this diocese, . dp hereby induct thee, William Chalmers, Bachelor of Divinity, into . . the occupation of the See of Goulburn, and into the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this diocese, in. accordance with the acts and resolutions of the synod.; and I pray the Iiord be with thee.' After another Collect, the Dean, taking the Bishop by the right hand, led him to his throne, and said: 'By virtue of my office as Dean of , this Cathedral, and on behalf of the Chapter and Council of the '[-,-' same, I do install and enthrone thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction whjch,per£ajn. to the. Bishop in this Cathedral church of the diocese^..In: the nanl*&-Qf the Father, and pf the Son, and of the Holy , Ghost. :iAmen. -AnclthKEiord preserve thy going out and coming in £fom.'triis time forth a^id^pr evermore. Amen.' The Te Deurii ' hav3ng7be&ri;', s,ung^ thd sermon was preached by the Bishop of Melbourne Jrpm ithe '-iext l'!P.e$ferv. 4: 'And when the Chief Shep- . _?'- her& shrill appear, ye shalTreoeive a crown of glory which f adeth not awayi^; ?}\^-~~rr~^'X-jjf .. .... ...-. .. . ??.' .. '. ..-.' ,. ; The~'prejicher remarketT that it was a happy .coincidence that he ; should have^hPsetf'for his text that evening the dosing idea of the sermon preached that morning on a day so memorable in the annals : of the Diocese of Goulburn, the morning witnessing the setting apart ' by the imposition of hands of one as Bishop of the diocese, and' that evening viewing him inducted into. all the privileges of. the. see, . and emphatically made the Bishop of the people of the diocese. \ The newly-inducted Bishop needed the prayers of all Christians that he might be filled with that grace necessary to enable him to fulfil the ' .- office of shepherd of the souls entrusted to his care by the Chief r Shepherd of the Church;. On the festival of All Saints that day the ' ....'?:.: Church was accustomed to think, of those saints who had passed away and were enjoying a foretaste, in. a very slight degree, of the full reward they would receive when the Chief Shepherd came. At a. time ~ when the clergy's actions were being discussed everywhere it wasjwell :''---. to dwell upon the promise of the text, and he would have those of his brethren (the clergy) who felt distressed by their failures and the . . small recompense they see for their labours to. remember that ! the promise of the reward is to those who do as much as in them: lies, and that the recompense is attached to the duty. He would. remind . them also that the writer of the epistle was none other than the : disciple who denied his Master thrice, and after being questioned thrice as to his love was told what sort of death he. should die, and was direpted to strengthen his brethren, a commission he never more fulfilled than when he wrote the words of the text. The great event to which St. Peter in the passage directed the attention of ;his brother-elders was the appearance of the Lord Jesus, an event for which the Church has ever been waiting; but that He would manifest himself in a special way to His ministers, was evidently the teaching of the Scriptures. Their work, is linked by the Holy Ghost with ' ; that of their Lord, and they receive everything from Him. Other avocations are of this world, and will disappear at the Lord's appear ance, but the result of the work of the clergy will only then be made apparent. Commentators agree that .the word translated ' a crown' in the text referred not so much to the royal diadem as to a wreath of laurel worn by conquerors; and as the great question to the clergy is not their popularity, but the number of souls they have been, the means pf saving, it was possible that crown of glory may refer to a wreath of the souls saved by the ministrations of the clergy;. and this theory harmonises with the rendering of other passages of : Scripture. He drew the attention of the clergy to the fact that- \:. .;. their Master was taking notice of their labours in the Church, in the: school, in the home, at the sick bed, and in other places.; He witnessed ( ', their disinterestedness, their cheerfulness in obeying His commands, --??.. and their humility, and as a natural sequence followed the promise k of the text. These thoughts reminded them of one or two lessons : the first was that. a believing and expectant attitude towards the reward ? ? , would stir us to diligence in seeking that reward; secondly, that the ,; contemplation of the subject would tend to concentrate the energies of the clergy to the saving of souls, and. raise them above, earthly ' things; lastly, the contemplation of the reward would give a death blow to worldly ambition, and make, the clergy not to care for popular ??__ ' applause, which was only superficial. In concluding his sermon, the preacher paid a respectful tribute to the labours of the late Bishop of Goulburn, and spoke of the Cathedral, so well adapted to promPte ? devout worship, as the chief visible monument of his labours. He hoped that he and the present occupant of the see would realise the -- ,;?' ._ fruits of their labour, and at the appearing of the Chief Shepherd -^ would have the joy of beholding many souls saved by them as a crown of glory that fadeth not away. . - The offertory collections were then gathered, during' which the V organist played a part of the overture to the Hymn of Praise (Mendelssohn). The Benediction was pronounced by the Bishop of Goulburn, and the Bishops, clergy, choir, and Bynodsmen marched from the building in the reverse order as usual to that in which they, had' entered. The recessional hymn was, 'Our day of Praise is Done,' after which the organist played Beethoven's Hallelujah, and the congregation dispersed. 