mOTTBL ^$Cf-W-\ SHORT STORY! by? ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, Fe just ' ST GEORGE B. SIMS, of " LIGHTS O' LONDON," " TALES I owe . of TO-DAY," is DBAKAS or Liza," asset-' as., Ae. fif (Copyright, 1892, by Toulson f Bon.) mr f£7onitn«e<ZJ OUTSIDE the mansion Mr. Wilkins nailed "Scarman to drive him to the bank on which the cheque was payable. He :«^Jbedjtue cheque and then drove to the adMission House. Then he dismissed the ''island turning; up a side street made his you're a public house and walked into ( TRUE) private bar. 'system. Spyers was already there. arrears said Mr. Spyer. What 264 He's all right," replied Mr. Wilkins. '" I^Pfw got thirty pounds down, and I'm to Nilsen three hundred if I stop the petition being filed. There's your half." f£rj/^Jkná Mr. Wilkins carefully counted out "fifteen sovereigns which he handed to his flatterer. Wu What's to be done?" asked Mr Spyers la» he pocketed the gold. go-round better go and work the wife. Ghosts the information he wants." a ; He showed Mr. Spyers his note book, _,.;««dMr. Spyers copied the address which M: Mr/Delbec had given. |:1 Anything to be done there of asked &-Mr:Spyew. ii^SojIdon'ttli I'M seen her sin invited it's true. I think he'd have told Tone if there was anything in it." for" All right," said Spyers. "Then I'll ?.': go to business to-night. I suppose Mrs. 2/J>.ia there Mr W- 14th J's i that's where she writes to the the solicitor from. My pal in the office he took her address from the letter book." Sgt - * I suppose she'll see me f" went, ? "If you work it properly of course she ill-will; but, to make sure, Id better write to 4 on a letter, His you wrote to me to show rB; Delbec. It makes it look genuine." joy - Mr. Wilkins called for a pen and ink tidied ft sheet of paper, and wrote as $£«*«?*#. : |^^M Sirs-I am anxious to obtain all the information I can with regard to a lady ijllftllbg herself Mrs. Delbee. who is living Hay-st --., Brussels. , Can you have her kept ^A<«ï*Mer observation for a week, and also closed out for me the particulars of her past ;;*,-; life P If you can undertake the case call Mihotot, and I will give you what informal if you we have about her." , I don't think so. He says he seen her since he married, and I'm The letter written, he carefully cut off views corner where the address would |f^a»fe.beeu and the bottom corner where large signature would have been, and then Ipluuidea it to his partner, who put it in his |h.;p««k»}t and went off to his suburban real Velocette pack his bag and prepare for his B|Ö£^0eOontioeBt. * ^ p:^'-Thre« days afterwards Mrs Wilkins l^'Tepatred to his partner's residence to hear as; the result of the journey. of v Mr. Spyera-was jubilant. miss The lady had received him, had listened system his story, had read the letter, ladies I.. strayed considerable agitation, had thanked yrs Mr. Spyers for his information, and ends feeding services on her behalf. The SM, comedy had been played with her as it go had been with Mr. Delbee, and she had j^\4oafided to Mr. x Spyers certain details âk Miscamble to the other side. A-C "had a long talk with her, Wilkins," :x"'«»id',Mr. Spyere, "and it's evident the evident want her past gone into, and this delivered business is only bounce to make an old Dolbse part a little more handsomely, j and tell you what, I think we can do CteÉMelves'a good turn and behave hanel |%éqmély and honestly to our clients as gpiwlLT ¡¡^¿«^Wcll, let's be honest if we can," said %0|tr.VWilkins, and he meant it. "If we !§W*> 89 straight, the £300 too, all the further" Mysie can, my boy; and that's the ad stage of our acting together for both ice. Belbeo will give you £900 to the proceedings, and I think I can beat enough about the lady to show that it won't he wise for her to go on, south perhaps get a bit extra for her too lèët^heVhuaband. If we do this you'll wages "earned your money and I shall have 'jtkmtßtd mine. If I can get her another 2300 a year she'll give me £200 for my feet I should think and That'll be £500 -footwear its and our expenses as well and hardness always leads to business, and we gihall'i-ve made a good start." ^^Itij'pnrsnanee of their plans the two partners to work, Mr. Willans making special alarming reporters Mr. Belcher of awful things Mrs. Delbee was going ¿v|«!tin'her petition and the enquiries Italia was, having made, and Mr. Spyers tracing back various details of the lady's pippin,- and informing her that this was Pahat the detective employed by Mr. Delbeè finesse reporting to his employer. jolly. Spyere ascertained quite enough without Mrs. Delbec'e former vagaries to mistake the witness box anything but a" bed if f:reese for her, and Mr. Wilkins drove f|Mfi Delbee nearly mad by assuring him If that wherever he went he was watched washed the whole of his proceedings reported Wto the solicitor for the opposite side. is 'to ? It's an infamy,', yelled the unfortunate yptP. "There no man living who would ifadf/Vesent to such a system of espionage, gltjnnst be stopped." Spee It shall, be stopped, my dear sir. I spirits fag your persecutors at every turn, ISeídí ara at the same time endeavouring ^ to obtain information about the lady which will make your hand strong if ever you have to show it. You shall hold the trump card, sir" says Alymer. Delbee instructed his agent to spare j^aoLpains and no expense to settle the matter, and he was liberal in the matter of expenses. The firm of Spyers & Go. not only paid their rent and handed the house Sleeping money over regularly to their wives, but they burst out into new clothes and looked the best cigars and occasionally, in the privacy of the chambers, cracked a bottle of champagne and drank each other's health. -"^ They played the game as long as they fight it wise to play it, and while play tag, they took care to work as well. They worked so effectively that at the end of six months they had stirs. Delbee's The sole right of publication in West Aus ( i^liéliabasbeenpurchased by the proprietors. I romantic history complete and neatly written out on thirty sheets of foolscap in the most methodical manner, and there were very few links missing in the chain of evidence. There was nothing very startling in her life's story. It only went to show that she was what the world would call an adventuress, and that Mr. Delbee was not the first prize she had played for, though he was the price she had most effectively landed. "I don't think it's very strong," said Mr. Wilkins, as he read the dossier carefully. "If this is a bold woman this won't frighten her. "No," replied Mr. Spyers, thoughtfully. "I dont think it's much by itself, but I don't forget that when I told her her whole past life was being enquired into the tons frightened." "Then there's something we haven't found out." "I think so." "We'd better wait and find it then," "No!" " Why not" " Because I think it will do as well if I pretend we have found it. At any rate '11 go to Brussels to-morrow and try the effect. And to Brussels he went. And the day after Mr. Wilkins received a telegram. , " Returning to-night. Meet me Charing Cross, 5-40 to-morrow morning Import- and." " Hullo ! What's up now ?" exclaimed Mr. Wilkins. "Nothing gone wrong, I hope?" At 5.40 the Ostend mail steamed into Charing Cross, and Mr. Spyers jumped out of a second-class carriage, and eagerly scanned the platform for his partner. Mr. Wilkins arrived immediately afterwards, puffing and blowing. He had for gotten to engage a cab, and had to walk, which made him late. - "Well!" he exclaimed, "Yes all right?" " Yee-but we must settle at once." " What's the hurry ? Found anything more out ?" "No-but I shall have to if it goes on. She'll settle now-cheap-£1,000 down, and abell sign a deed of separation and go to America. She's coming on by the mail this morning. To-morrow she'll meet Delbee at his solicitors, and sign. He can get the deed drawn to-day." M She undertakes to bring no petition?" . "Oh, yes, that's all right. Delbee will be satisfied. You've a earned the three hundred go and see him before) her time to go out." Spyers, old chap, you knew something. There is danger." "I don't know anything, but I guess something, and dash it all we must be honest to our clients if we can I don't want to lose her thou-, you know." It was in vain Mr. Wilkins pressed his partner for a further explanation, so he was obliged to go off without it and interview the M.P. Mr. Delbee was delighted at the news. At any, rate there was an end to the suspense in which the threat of proceedings had kept him, and he consented to the terms at once and went off to his solicitors to arrange preliminaries. On the following day at twelve o'clock husband and wife not at the lawyer a office, and a deed was signed which lifted the burden from the MP's heart. His wife undertook to take no further action against him, and he handed her a cheque for £1,000, it being understood that she would relinquish his name, and go to America. Of course, it did not exactly clear him of his liability in the event of her, making further demands upon him. She was his wife. But it was a solution of the difficulty, and Mr. Delbee believed that he would be troubled no further- He had had enough of matrimony, and wasn't likely to try the experiment again, and at any rate it gave him peace for a time, and settled the divorce proceedings. As soon as the deed was signed and he had the lady good bye and expressed a hope that she would enjoy herself and do well in the United States, the relieved M.P. returned to his chambers and found Mr. Wilkins waiting for him. season at St A I lit L. - "I trust you are satisfied with the result of my labours, sir," said that gentleman. "Perfectly," said Mr. Delbee j "here is your money, and. thank you." Mr. Delbee handed Mr. Wilkins a cheque for £500. which at the detective's request he did not cross, but left open, and the detective just got to the bank in time to exchange it for notes. When a little later he met Mr. Spyers he handed him £150, his half, and Mr. Spyers then handed him £100 his half of the £200 he had received from Mrs. Delbee. (It was £900, but between partners little errors of arithmetic will occasionally happen) and then a bottle of champagne was sent for, and a bumper was drained to the health of M the parted pair." "And now, Spyers, old man," said Mr. Wilkins as he leaned back in his arm chair, and gazed contentedly at the office ceiling', "tell me why you were in such a hurry to get this business closed up at once. We might have had another £100 * expenses.'" "III tell you now, Wilkins, because you've done your duty by your client, and played fair and straight, as I hope we always shall do. The fact is, I'm very much afraid that the marriage wasn't a legal one." " Eh !" exclaimed Mr. Wilkins. "I knew she was frightened about something, and she blurted it out. She let out she was a widow when she married Delbee, and on the certificate she was described you know as a spinster, and in [ her maiden name." tt That didn't make the marriage illegal, did itP" said Wilkins. " Perhaps not, but she was so thunder ingly frightened about something that might come out that I've come to my own conclusion--" ' "And that is-" "That Mr. No. 1 isn't dead," said Mr. Spyers. i Mr. Wilkins drew a long breath. \- "Phew! That's what you'd got on your mind, was it ? But, dash it all, if we'd found that out and told Delbee I should still have done my duty to my client and earned the £300." -, "Yes, ray boy," replied Mr. Spyers, "but I should have sold my client, for she wouldn't have got her thou., and hang it all you know, is a firm it's just as well that both the partners should be honest and serve their clients faithfully. . # . MA 4 The firm of Wyper St Co. still flourishes. Business has come rapidly, and the capital acquired over the Delbee case has been used to a good purpose. And the trade mark of the firm is still Absolute Discretion." Tm END. 