LO C A L AND G E N E R A L . Benevolent Society. — The' weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the above Society was held yostetday afternoon. Present—Rev. J . “W; Simmons (chairman), and Messrs George 8. Seabrook, George kferr, and J. E.Balier. The Registrar’s tvporb showed 37 families relieved during (be week, comprising 61 adults and 70 children. One new caee Sydney was assisted, brought before the Committee was that of a family who for the past 12 months had been living ob their savings, butnowthese wore exhausted they were forced to apply to tho Society. An anonymous donation of £1 tor tho fuel fund was received. F ru it t e r s.s. Poet Pibie,—In reference to the paragraph appearing in this morning’s paper rc Port Pine having to put into Monte Video to repair her propeller, we are glad to learn from the Manager of the Tasmanian Fruitgrowers’ Co-operative Shipping and Agency Coin< pany, Limited, that there were under 6000 cases in the after hold, and by the removal of a quantity representing the square of tho hatch, it would allow the stiffening, that is the bullion, to be taken from the lower hold, and in all probability this would be placed on the deck forward sufficiently to raise the vessel's stern to allow tho necessary repairs being effected. The time occupied in completing these repairs would be so short th a t the fruit removed could bo in no way affected, as the temperature of Monte Video is slightly under that of Sydney, or equal to that of Hobart. The above information will bo most acceptable to fruit shippers. We are also informed by the Manager of the Fruitgrowers’ Company that the delay is not likely to lengthen the voyage more than 48 hours, as the Vessel would coal at Monte Video, thus saving time in coaling at Rio e Janiero, and so escape quarantine owing to Rio being an infected port. We may remark that the fruit is in charge of the most skilful engineer in th e trade, and hat the condition of last year’s cargo upolds this reputation. Act os-a the Ghost at G lenobcht.— Complaints reach us that during tbo past two or three nights some persons havo been acting the ghost at Glenorchy, by parading some of the principal thoroughfares enveloped in a sheet, which had tho effect of terrifying a number of children and causing much alarm. Buch conduct, though perhaps very amusing to those engaged in it, is most reprehensible, and we trust th at the perpetrators of this silly joke will desiBt from its continuance. Chalhebs’ Literary Association.—Mr James Longmore presided a t last night’s weekly meeting of this Association. Kiere was a large attendance of ladies and members. The principal item of the evening was “Members' Experiences of Recent Travel,” which included “ England Revisited,” by Mr L. G. Cockhead, and a “ Holiday at Mount Bischoff,” by Mr C. Sowden. Mr Cockhead’s journey was commenced in the R.M.S. Orotava, sailing from Hobart, and the courtesies extended to him by gentlemen connected w ith the South 1 Australian Literary Union at Adelaide were narrated. The onward trav a-velling included accounts of the chief poi s of call. Colombo, Suez, Port Said, Naples, and Oriental life with the navigation of the Canal at night by means of electric light. The subsequent arrival at London and tho wondorful sights of the great city were next spoken of. visits to the renowned Henley regatta, andL cricketing on the Kensington Oval, With descriptions of tho principal cities visited, both in England and Scotland, succeeded in making the experience most interesting, as also the description of the good old Soottish Sabbath. The return journey to Hobart in R.M..S. Arawa, with, orts of call, Teneriffo and Cape Town, brought this instructive essay to a cl ewe. Hie lioliday at Mount Bischoff spent by r Sowden woe as equally attractive. he famous tin mine spoken of was is i scar on ite front, with all the intorig details of the worlring of the mine ll combined to show th at Mr Sowden ad obtained a valuable jmdght into f-hp b various workings through the courtesy of the Manager. A discussion followed, after which the meeting adjourned. F ajtal Accident.—A sad accident occurred on the Huon road yesterday, resulting In the death of Mr F> W> Davidson, the Secretory id the Cascade Brewery Company. I t appears that yesterday afternoon about 1.20 o’clock Mr Davidson, accompanied by Thomas Wbitnby* <t groom, in tbo etopteynitelit of Mr W. Ikin, left town driving a tandem team to the Fern Tree. Ererytliing went well until about tiro miles from home. Here, at wliAt is known as the Turnip Fild, there is a vory sliflip bend in the road, and the vehicle in which Messrs Davidson and Wliitnoy wore seated collided with a woodcart, the driver of which came so suddenly upon them t-liat there was no time for them to get out of the way. The concussion caused by the sudden collision was so violent that the occupants of tbo bognel were thrown violently, on to the toad; and the shaft of the lighter vehicle was broken. Mr Davidson was pitched out on bis head, whilst Whitney fated better but was very much slulketl and is now* under medical treatment. iVhed picked up Mr Davidson was found to be unconscious; and horses of the tandem team liaving been socured he was placed in the pagne. add conveyed to his residence Upper Macqiiaritt Btreot. Dr. E. O. Giblin was a t once sent for, and it was found th at he hadsustained concussion of tho brain, and late last night Mr Davidson was in a vory critical condition, which led to Dr. J. A. Hardy bciug called in in conjunction with Dr. Giblin. Mr Davidsob, however, was past all medibal skill; aud expired shortly after noon to-day. Deceased was about 32 years of age; and fof many years link been ehgaged ib the office Of the Cascade Brewery Company, and has gradually worked himself up from junidr dork to secretary. Deceased leaves a widdw and two childrch. GbEBE TIJwn B oard. — The iiiontbly meeting of this Board was hold at “Addlestone,” Glebe street, lost night, when dll the trustees were present. Mr C. EJ. Grant was agaiH elected chairman , fdr tlio ensuing year, which office be has filled since the district his been proclaimed a Town Board. All the newly-elected members handed in their declarations and took their seats on tho Board for the first time since the annual election. After the business arising from the minutes liad been disposed of several brief reports were tabled by various members relative to the welfare of the district. . Several IGfcters. wfero feed ana instenctidns given to the seUrfetafy to reply. One made the request that the Board should undertake to lay out a street between Xavier and Park streets, which was negatived, as the Booid would lie entering Upon private ptoperty. A petition waa also received signed by a number of ratepayers requesting that something should be done to the east side of Park Btreot from Scott Btreet to Davenport street. As so many have to pass over it on their way to the city, it was resolved that some ashes be eptead upon it, atid all projecting stotteB removed. A few of tho others contained complaints of flllisances which existed in their rifelghbothobd; tit replies stating th at the order of the Bdard had been attended to. The balances of tlio bank-books wBte found to be os the right side, so that it was deemed advisable to postpone this levying of a town rate. A few accounts were presented and passed for payment. The Board then rose. T heatre R oyal.—At the Theatre Royal last evening the Gaiety Burlosqne^Boi pany gave a complete change o f f jn . gramme. Tho first part consisted of the comedy-drama “ Withered Leaves;M characters being taken with care. The nautical burlesque opera, “ H.M.S. Pinbehind,” formed the second part of the programme. A number of tho songs loudly applauded by Die audience, and tbo various performers kept the audience fairly well amused. The saino programme wiil be repeated thiB evening: . .GtiEfroacHt PoLicfc Cdt'KT.—At ..._ Glbnttrchy Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Harold S. Wright (Warden), and W. F . Brownell, J.P., Alfred Elliston, of Bagdad, pleaded guilty to having, on April 26 at South Bridgewater, driven a two-horae dray without having (he necessary lights affixed theteto. Defendant wtote a letter of apology for pon-attetidance, In which lie acknowledged bis guilt. The case was heard ex parte, and the charge was proved by Constable Montgomery, and a fine of 5s and costa was imposed. John Horafall and John Ling, also of Bagdad, similarly charged, were mulcted is penalties of 10s and coste. Tho throe informations were laid by the new Superintendent of Police, Mr W. Bateman*Mho conducted the prosecutihne. Wifflfen O'Brien, a yoilng man, Was chafgod by Superintendent Bateman with haring, on April 30, at South Glenorchy, feloniously stolen from the premises of Thomas Aj * son, a silver watch, valued at £0, a e chain, valued a t £1, and one vest, valued 5s, also one half-sovereign, the property of Geore Freeman. Accused pleaded not guilty. . The evidence of George Freeman, Sub- inspector Wallace, Henry Goody, James Sargeant, and Sergeant Higgins went to show that Saturday night last Freeman, who is a 'bus driver in the employ of MruC. M. Cooley, was playing skittles in Cooley’s Hotel, South Glenorchy. Ho (Freeman) took off his coat and vest and plACod them on a scat, and when he went to put them — again found the rest gone. Suspicion I on defendant who had boen sitting be* side the missing property, and the police made search for him with the result that Sunday morning. When searched none of the stolen property was found bn accused, but the watch was obtained from Mr James Sergeant's pawnbroking «tablishment, where it liaa been pawned on Saturday night for £1. The watch was also identified by Mr Henry Goody as om which bad been offered him for salo by the defendant on Saturday night. Defendant asked the Bench to deal leniently with him if they found him guilty. Superintendent Bateman put in a certificate of a previous conviction against defendant, for which he received sir months in Hobart, and the Bench sentenced him to 12 months’ imprisonment with hard labor. Tho Court then rose. C ri«ket.—Tho Hon. Secretary of the Muff6 Cricket Club writes stating th at the match reported in the Newt yesterday between his d u b and the Kempton as haring been won by the latter, was a drawn game, owing to there not being time to play the match out. The correct scores, he says, were .— Kempton, 92; Muffs, 27 for tho loss of eight wickets. Com plim entary Concert.—In addition to the many vocalists and others who are to take j» rt at the complimentary concert to be tendered to Mr Mackenzie on Monday, the Hobart Brass Band will play selections on tho march from the Academy f Music to the Hall. L itt le Oyster Cove.—An entertainment will be given to-morrow by the Frolic Taranna will leave Hobart a t 2 p.m., eturning after the concert* Ch ea p Meat.—Mr T. Appleby invites ho public to inspect the meat at his stalls n the New Market, or a t 327 Elizabeth treet, and feels convinced th at they will cknowledge th at it is both prime and heap. P ublic Meetin g.—A public meeting will e held a t the Town Hall to-night to conider the resolution passed recently, '£Tiiat t is desirable to hold an international xhibition in H obart during the seakon of 894.” ’4* B elleriv e R aces.—Nominations forHhe BoUerive races to be run on the 11th inst., will close with the Don. Secretary, H r A. T. Blyth, to-morrow. Tenders will be received. up to noon for a booth at the meet- HTOHTANT TO HOUSEHOLDERS.—Atton- __ a is directed to tho display of moat a t Mr J , F. Fearnley’e stall, No. l ^ New Market, where s good meat " 1- can — be obtained a t th e lowest reasonable price. pREBsacAKfNa.—Mrs Murray, who lias taken the premises in Murray street next the Orient Hotel* is now prepared to execute all kinds of ladies' work. City Baku.,- On Sunday, the City Band will give a concert in the Barrack Reserve when a carefully prepared programme will be presLTited, T he Bab«jue L aiiu,—Messrs Fscy and Fisher wiH receive tenders up to U o-morrow for th e repairs required to t i e arque Lafra, Pabliuabntam Debating Association. —This Association will moot this evening, when tho Governor's Speech will have conaideratioh* Butter.—Messte fiknardson Brothers and Moorhoouse, Elizabeth street, havo a stock of fine fresh and salt butter dn hand. “ The Haymakers.”—There will be a reheafttil lc:nlglit ot tnose who are to take part in the rendering of this cantata. Eight-Roue Cohmittee.—A meeting of this Committee will be held at the Working Men’s Club, to-morrow, ot8.80 p.m. R. J. Roqebs and Son (Central Property Exchange) offer for sale :—Compact brick cottago* in splendid order, best part of Brisbane street s cottage, Ann ana Punck streets, £300 ; LanBdowne Crescent, now cottago, 6 rooms, £385; Sandy Bay* cottogo,4 rooms, £350; New Town, cottage and large piece of land, £800 Smith street, 2 cottages, each £265. Property Guide, containing fffil particulars of all properties, obtainable free updn application at offices. £0500 (trust money) for investment updn first mortgages of real estate only, in stuns from £100 upwards. 