! A TALK Willi A DIVER. ' " I';.J not going lo toll you about ghosts under water, corpses sitting upright in the state-rooms of steamers, with books on their knee?, as if tbey had been reading when they were drowned, bccan.«e I haven't seen such. Nor l:as any other diver. You cui'C see anj'thinjr in a sunken vessel. If anyone tells you such stories ho'.? not .1 diver-? except that lie dive-? away from the truth." " Is there any skill rennircd in die not, of diving-I mean getting down to the object on which von are to work !" " No. That is to say, no particular skill -only care. You must be careful not to go down the life line too fast, because if you did the pressure on you would be too sudden. But the art of going dowu is easy enough. The dress weighs <1 diver d<;wn. You see, his shoes weigh twenty pounds each. ' Then he has 011 his chest and back weights of forty pounds each. In addition to this, the helmet and collar are heavy. The dress consists of two layers of dm k with a layer of rubber between them. To the top part of the dress a collar of copper is affixed, and to this the helmet is firmly screwed - after it has been placed over the diver's head. The helmeb is large enough to allow a space of three inches arovnid tlio head, and there are three tubes through which the' air reaches the interior of the hel met. Before the diver goes down, a weighted line is sunk to the spot he is to reach bc-Iow. The life line is tied around his waist, and to his helmet is attached the hose through which the air is pumped into the helmet. The diver goes down the weighted line, the hose and the life line being run out as he descends. As he moves about below, those above must regnlals the life line and hose, and should be ready to pull him up as soon as they get the signal-a sharp tug at the line. Some people fancy there's a rush ing sound, or a noise lite thunder, made by the air pissing from the hose into the hel met. Bat that's nonsense. You don't hear any sound except.the strokes of the pump. " If those above are watchful for any danger signal, and, when they get the signal, haul the diver up promptly, do they usually land him safe arid sound?1' " Usually not. If a diver's careful about his work, nothing should happen ; but if auything does happen, it is usually all ovec with him A tug on the line means death, especially if he's down deep. The divei doesn't perish because he's cut off too long from the supply of air, bur, from the fright ful pressure. Take, for instance, the death of Jenkins, in 1S7S. His hose burst. They hauled him up in two minutes. He was a corpse. I don't c:u-a to describe his appear ance. It was harrowing. I can give you, from an experience of mine, some idea of the the pressure. I Was at work below, when suddenly the supply of air gave out. I tugged the life line. .Fortu nately I wasn't in very deep water, and they hauled me out alive. But I felt while they were hauling me as if 1 had a hydraulic jack on each side of my head. The hose had not burst, and the pump had been working all right, so we were at a loss to know why the supply of air had given out till we made a careful examination of the hose. We found a lot of paper balls in it. I don't know any one who is au enemy of mine, so in my case a f iol must have put the paper balls in the h^se. The kind of danger I have just described-that of the stoppage of air and death from pressure-is perhaps the greatest, because a diver cairfc do Anything to avoid it. It is the danger of accident through circumstances beyond his controL "There is another danger, and a very curious one, too, which, fortunately, how ever, is not often incurred. The dress of a, diver is fearfully heavy and hot. On a warm day the perspiration from a diver, while his dress is being put on, will sometimes show through the duck and rubber. Now, when you get into the water the delightful cool ness makc-3 you drowsy. Divers actually go to sleep over their work. I have fallen asleep but ouce. I slept afc the bottom of a creek. soundly tor one hour and a half. Now suppose you had a job that you could work at only during one hour of slack water, and on going below you foil aslsep, and .slept over your time. The tide would come with a rush, your hose and rope would snap, and tluiti would be the end of you." -Mitlion. 