THE LAST OF THE OLD CHURCH CHOIR. IT happened ou Sunday after Christmas -the last Sunday ever they played in Longpuddle Church gallery, iis it turned out) though they didn't know it then. As yon may know, sir, the players formed a very good bund-almost as good as the Mellstock parish players that were led by the Dewys-and that's saying a great deal. There was . Nicholas Puddingeome, the leader, with the first fiddle; there was Timothy Thomas, the bass viol man; Jehu Biles, the tenor fiddler; Dan'] Horn head, with the serpent; Robert Dowdle, with the clarionet; and Mr Nicks with the oboe-all sound and powerful musicians, and strong-winded men-all they that blowed. For that' reason they were very much in demand Christmas week for little reels aud dancing parties ; for they could turn a jig or a hornpipe out of hand as well as ever they uould turn out a jmlm, and perhaps better, not to speak irreverent, fu short, one half-hour they, could bj play j ing a Christinas enrol in the squire's hall j to the ladies and gentlemen, aud driuking tay and coffee with 'em as modest .as saints, and the next at the Tinkers' Arms, blazing away like wild horses with the " Dashing White Sergeant" to eight couple of dancers and more, aud swallowing rum and cider hot as flame. Well, this Chi istmas they'd beeu out to one rattling kick-up after another every 1 night, and had got next to no sleep at all. -Then came the Sunday after Christmas, their fatal day. 'Twas so mortal cold that year that they could hardly sit in the gal lery ; for though the congregation down in the body of the church had a stove to keep off the frost, the players in the gallery had none at all. So Nicholas said at morning service, when 'twas freezing an inch an liour, " Plea-e the Lord I won't stand this numbing weather no longer j this afternoon we'll have something ju UU1. ins ides to make us warm, if it costs a king's ransom." So he brought a gallon of hot brandy and beer, ready mixed, to church with him in the afternoon, and by keeping the jar well wrapped up in Timothy Thomas's bass-viol bag it kept drinkably warm till they wanted it, which was just a thimbleful in the absolution, and another in the cre.'d, and the remainder at the beginning of the sermon. When they had the last pull they felt quite comfortable and warm, and as the sermon' went on-most unfortunately for 'em it was a long one that afternoon-they fell asleep, every Jinan jack of 'em, and there they slept ou as soiind as rocks. 'Twas a very dark afternoon, and by the end of the sermon all you could see of the inside of the church were the parson's two candles alongside of him in the pulpit, and his facc behind 'cm. The sermon being ended at last, the parson gave out the Evening Hymn. But no choir" set about sounding up the tune, aud the people began to turn their heads to learn the reason why, and then Levi Limpet, a boy who sat in the gallery, nudged Timothy and Nicholas, and said, "Begin! begin!" " Hey ? what ?" says Nicholas, starting up, and tile cluirclx being so dark and his | head so muddled he thought ho was at the party they had played at all the night I before, and away he went, bow and fiddle, | at " The Devil among the Tailors," the favourite jig of our neighbourhood at that time. The rest of the band, being in the same state of mind, and nothing doubtiiig, followed their leader with all their strength, according to custom. They poured out that their tune till the lower bass notes of " The Devil among the Tailors" made the cobwebs in the roof shiver like ghosts; then Nicholas, seeing nobody move, shouted out as he scraped (in his usual commanding way at dances when the folks didn't know the figures), "Top couples cross hands, and when I make the fiddle squeak at the end, every mau kiss his partner under the mistletoe." The boy Levi was so frightened that he .bolted down the gallery stairs and out homeward like lightning. The parson's hair fairly stood on end when he heard the evil tune raging through the church, and thinking the choir had gone crazy, he held up his hand and said, " Stop, stop, stop ! Stop, stop! What's this ?" But they didn't hear him for the noise of their own playing, and the more he called the louder they played. i Then the folks came out of their pews, . wondering down to the ground, aud saying, " What do they mean by such wickedness ? We shall be consumed like Sodom and Gomorrah." Then the squire cauie outof his pen*,which was lined with green baize, where lots of lords and ladies visiting at the house were worshipping along with them, aud went and stood in front of the gallery, and shook his fist in the musicians* faces, saying, "What! In this reverent edifice ! What!" And at last they heard him through, their playing, and stopped. "Never such an insulting, disgraceful thing-never!" says the squire, who couldn't rule his passion. "Never!" says the parson, who had come down and stood beside him. "Not if the angels of heaven," says the squire (he was a wickedisli man,the squire was, though now for ones .lie happened to be on the Lord's side)-" not if the angels of heaven come down," he says, " shall one. of you villainous players ever souud a note in this cliurcli again for the insult to me and my family, and my visitors, aud God Almighty, that you've a-pcrpctratod this afternoon." TIuSi the unfortunate church band came to their senses, and remembered where they were; and 'twas a sight to see Nicholas Pmldingcombe and Timothy Thomas and John Biles creep down the gallery stairs with their fiddles under their arms, and poor Dan'l liornhead with his serpent, and Robert Dowdle with liis clario net, all looking as little as ninepins, and out they went. The parson might have forgi'cd 'em when lie-learned the truth o't, but the squire would net. That very week lie sent for a barrel organ that would play two-and twenty new psalm tunes so exact and particular that, however badly inclined you was, you could pl;iy nothing but psalm tunes whatsomever. He had a really respectable man to turn the winch, as I said, and the old players played no more. -" Wessex Folk/' by Thomas llardy. ISAAC'S DEFINITION* OF I'.U.SIXKSS. Isaac, instructing his son : " Ven you zcll a coat to a man vot vants a coat, dot's nod ding ; but veil you zell a coat to a man vol don'd vant a coat, dot's pcezniss, my bov dot's peezness ! ' 