THE AMERICAN CLAIMANT. ? ?» ? (BY MARK TWAIN.) [All Eights Besebved.] Commenced in the Evening News, Saturday, liarch 12. CHAPTER XV. Tracy -went to bed happy once more, at rest in his miud once more. He had started out on a liiffh emprise — that was to his credit, lie argued ; he had fought the best light he could, considering the odds against him — that was to his credit ; he had been defeated — cGrtainlv th«re was nothinsr dis creditable in that. Being defeated, he had a right to retire -with the honors of war and go back without prejudice to the position in the world's society to which he had been born. Why not? even the rabid republican chairmaker would do that. Yee, his conscience was comfortable once more. He woke refreshed, happy, and eager for his cablegram. lie had been born an aris tocrat, he had been a democrat for a time, he was now an aristocrat again. He mai velled'to iind that this final change was not merely intellectual, it had invaded his feelinir ; aud he also marvelled to note* that this feeling seemed a good ueal less artilicial than any he had entertained in his aystem for a long time. He could also have noted if he had thought o£ it, that his bearing had s tiller. ed over night, and that his chin had lifted itself a shade. Arrived in tbe basement, he was about to enter the breakfast-room, when he saw old Marsh in the dim light of a corner of the hall, beckoning him with his finger to ap proach. The blood welled slowly up^in Tracy's cheek, and he said with a grade of irjured dignity almost dread — ' Is that for me ?' ' Yes.' ' 'What is the purposo of it ?' ' I want to speak to you — in private.' ' This spot is private enough for me.' Marsh was surprised, and not particu larly pleased. He approached and said — ' Oh, in public, then, it you prerer. Though it hasn't been my way.' The boarders gathered to the spot, in terested. ' Speak out,' said Tracy. ' What is it you ?want ?' ' Well, haven't you — er — forgot some thing ?' ' I ! I'm not aware of it.' 'Oh, you're not? Now you stop and think a minute.' ' I refuse to stop and think. It doesn't interest me. If it interests you, speak out.' ?' Well, then,' said Marsh, raising his voice to a slightly angry pitch, ' you forgot to pay your board yesterday — if you're Lound to have it public.' Ob, yes ; tins heir to an annual million or so had be^n dreaming and soaring, and had forgotten that1 pitiful three or four dollars. For penalty he must have it coarsely Hung in his face in the presence of these people — people in whose counte nances -was already beginning to ,dawn an uncharitable enjoyment of the situation. ' Is that all 't Take your money and give your terrors a rest.' Tracy's hand went down into his pocket with angry decision. But — it didn't come out. The color bogau. to ebb out of his face. The countenances about him showed a growing interest ; and some of them, a heightened satisfaction. There was an uncomfortable pause — then he forced out, with diSiculty, the words — ' I've been robbed.' Old March's eyes flamed up with Spanish, fire, and he exclaimed — ' Hotbed, is it ? That's your tune ? It's too old — boen played in this house too often. Everybody plays it that can't get ?work when he wants it, and 'won't work when he can get it. Trot out Mr. Allen, Eomehody, and let him take a toot at it. It's his tun: next ; he forgot, too, last night. I'm laying for him,' One of the negro women came scramb ling downstairs as palo as a sorrel horse with consternation, and excitement. ' Misto March, Misto Allen's skipped out.' ' What?' ' Yee-sah, an' cleaned out his room clean ; tuck bofe towls en de soap.' ' You lie, you hussy.' ' It's jes' so, jes' so I tells you — en Misto Summer's socks is gone, en Misto Naylor's yuther shirt.' ; Mr. Marsh was at boiling point by this time. He turned upon Tracy — ' AiiBwer up now — when, are you going1 to settle?' ' To-day — since you seem to be in a hurry.' ' To- day is it ? Sunday — and you out of work ? I like that. Coma — where are you going tf- get tho money ?'' Tracy's spirit was rising again. lie pro posed to impress these people. ' I'm expecting a cablegram from home.' Old Marsh was caught out with the sur prise of it. The idea was so immense, so extravagant tiiat he could not get his breath at first. When he did got it, it became rancid with sarcasm. ' A cablegram — think of it, ladies and gents — he's expecting a cable gram. He's expecting a cablegram. This dufiinr, this scrub, this bilk. From his father — eh ? Yee, without a doubt. A dollar or two a word — oh, that's nothing — they don't mind a little thing like that, this kind's father don't. Kow his father is — er — well, I reckon his father ? ' ' My father is an English, earl.' The crowd fell back aghast — aghast at the sublimity of the young loafer's ' cheek.' Then tLev burst into a laus-h that made the 'windows rattle. Tracy was too angry to .realise that he 3iad done a foolish thing. He said — ' ?' Stand aside, please. I ? ' ' Wait a minute, your Lordship,' Eaid Marsh, bowing low. *' Where is your Lord Bhip going f' ' For the cablegram. Let me pass.' ' Excuse me, your Lordship ; you'll stay right where you are.' ' What do you mean by that ?' ' I mean that I didn't begin to keep a boarding-house jesterday. It means that I am not the kind that can be taken in by every hackdriver's son that comes loafing over here because he can't earn a living at home. It means that you can't skip out on any such ? ?' ^Tracr made a. step toward the old man, but Mrs. Marsh, sprang between and said — ' Don't, Mr. Tracy, please.' She turned to her husband and said, ' Do bridle your tongue. What has he done to be treated so ? Can't you see he has lost his mind with trouble and distress ? He's not re sponsible.' ' Thank your kind heart; madam j but I've not lost my mind, and if I can have the mere privileges of stepping to the tele graph office ? ' ' Well, you can't,' cried Marsh. ' Or sending ? ' *' Sending. That beais everything. If there's anybody that's fool enough to go on such a chuckleheaded errand ? ' ' Here comes Mr. Barrow — he will go for me. Barrow ? ' A b'risk fire of exclamation broke out — ' Say, Earrow, he's expecting a cable gram.' ' Cablegram from his father, you know.' ' Tes — cablegram, from the wax-figger.' ' And say, Barrow, this fellow's an earl — take o££ your hat, pull down your vest.' ' Yes, he's come off and forgot his crown that lie wears Sundays. He's cabled over to his pappy to send it.' ' You step out and get that cablegram, Barrow j his majesty's a little- lame to day.' ' Oh, stop,' cried Barrow, ' give the man a chance.' He turned, and said with, some severity : ' Tracy, what's the matter with you ? What kind of foolishness is this you've been talking ? You ought to have more sense.' ' I've not been talking foolishness ; and if you'll go to the telegraph office ? ' «' Oh, don't talk so. I'm your friend in trouble and out of it, before your face and behind your back, for anything in reason ; but you've lost youT head, you see, and this moonshine about a cablegram ? ' ' I'll go there and ask for it.' ' Thank you from the bottom of my heart, Brady. Here, I'll give you a written order for it. Fly, now, and. fetch it. We'll soon see.' Brady flew. Immediately the sort of quiet began to steal over the crowd 'which means dawning doubt, misgiving, and might be translated into the words, ' May be he is expecting a cablegram. Maybe he has got a father somewhere. Maybe we've been just a little too fresh, just a shade too previous.' Loud talk ceased ; then the mutterings and low murmurmgs and whisperings died out. The crowd began to crumble apart. By ones and twos the fragments drifted to the breakfast table. Barrow tried to bring Tracy in 5 but he said — ' Xofc yet, Earrow — presently.' Mrs. Marsh, and Hattie tried, offering gentle and kindly persuasions, but he said — ' I 'would rather wait till he comes.' Even old Marsh began to have suspi cions that niaybo he had been a trifle too 'brash,' as he called it in tbe privacy of his soul, and he pulled himself together and started towards Tracy with invitation iu his eye, but Tracy warned him off with a gesture which was quite positive and eloquent. Then followed the stillest quarter of an hour which had ever been known in that house at that time of day. It was S3 still and so solemn 'withal, that when somebody's cup slipped from his fingers and landed in his plate the shock made people start, and the sharp sound seemed as indecorous there and as out of place as if a coffin and mourners were im minent and being waited for. And, at lest, when Brady's feet came clatterisig down the stairs, the sacrilege seemed un bearable. Everybody rose softly and turned toward the door, where stood Tracy; then, with a common impulse, moved a step or two in that direction and stopped. While they gazed, young Brady arrived, panting, and put into Tracy's hand — sure enough — an envelope. Tracy fastened a bland, victorious eye upon, the cazers, and kept it there till one by one they dropped their eyes, vanquished and embarrassed. Then he tore open the telegram and glanced at its message. The yellow paper fell from his fingers and fluttered to the floor, and his face turned white. There was nothing there but one word — ' Thanks.' The humorist of the house, the tall, raw-boned Billy Nash, caulker from the navy yard, was standing in the rear of the crowd. In the midst of the pathetic silence that was now brooding over the place and moving- some few hearts there towards compassion, he began to whimper ; then he put his handkerchief to his eyes and buried his face in the neck of thel bashfulest young fellow in the company, a navy yard blacksmith, and shrieked, ' Oh, pappy, how could you ?' and began to bawl like a teething baby, if one may imagine a baby ?with the energy and the devastating voice of a jackass. So perfect was the imitation of a child's cry, and so vast the scale of it, and so ridiculous the aspect of the performer, that all gravity -was swept from the place as if by a hurricane, and almost everybody there joined in the crash, of 'laughter pro voked by the exhibition. Then the small mob began to take its revenge — revenge fcr the discomfort and apprehension it had brought upon itself by its own too rash, freshness of a littlo while before. It guyed its poor victim, baited him, worried him, as dogs do with a cornered cat. The victim, answered back with defiances and challenges which included everybody, and which only gave the sport new spirit and variety, but when ho changed bin tactics and. began .to single out individuals and invite' them by name, the ? fun lost its funniness, and the interest of the show died out, along with the noise. Finally, Marsh waB about to take an innings, bat Barrow said — ' Never mind now, leare him alone. You've no account with, him but a money account. I'll take care of that myself.' The distressed and -worried landlady gave Barrowr a fervently grateful look for his championship of the abused stranger ; and the pet of the house, a very prism in her cheap but ravishing Sunday Tig, blew him a kiss from the tips of her fingers, and said, 'with, the darlingest smile and a sweet little toss of her head — ' You're the only man bore, and I'm-' going to set my cap for you, you dear old thing.' ' For shame, Puss, xiow you talk. I never saw such a child.' It took a good deal of' argument and per suasion — that is to eay, petting, under, those disjjfuises-^to get Tracy to entertain the idea of breakfast. . He at first said he would never eat again in that house ; and added that he had enough firmn ess of char acter, he trusted, to enable -him to starve like a man when the alternative was to eat insult with his bread. When he had finished Ms breakfast, Barrow took him to his room, furnished him a pipe, and said cheerily — ' Uow, old fellow, take in your battle flag out of the wet, you're not in the hostile camp any more. You're a little upset by your troubles, and that's natural enough, but don't let your mind run on them any more than you can help ; drag your thoughts away from your troubles — by the ears/bj- the heels, or any other way, so you manage it ; it's the healthiest thing a body can do. Dwelling on troubles is deadly, just deadly, and that's the softest name there is for it. You must keep your mind amused — you must, indeed.' ' Oh, miserable me 1' * 'Don't! There's just pure heartbreak in that tone. It's just as I say j you've got to get right down to it and amuse your mind, as if it was salvation.' ' They're easy words to say, Barrow, but how am I going to amuse, entertain, divert a mind that finds itself suddenly assaulted and overwhelmed by disasters of a sort not dreamed of and not provided for? No — no, the bare idea of amusement is repulsive to my feelings. Let us talk of death and funerals.' ' No — not yet. That would be giving up the ship. We'll not give up the ship yet. I'm going to amuse you. I sent Brady out for the wherewithal before you finished breakfast.' 'You did? What is it?' ' Come, this is a good sign — curiosity. Oh, there's hope for you yet.' CHAPTER XVI. Brarly arrived with a box, and departed after saying : ' They're finishing one up, but they'll be along as soon as it's done.' Barrow took a frameless oil portrait, a foot square, from the box, set it up in a good light without comment, and reached for another, taking a furtive glance at Tracy meantime. The stony solemnity in Tracy's face remained as it was, and gave oat no sign of interest. Barrow placed the second portrait beside the first, and stole another glance while reaching for the third. The stone image softened a shade. No. 3 forced the ghost of a smile, No. 4 swept indiffer ence wholly away, and No. 5 started a laugh, which was still in good and hearty condition when No. 14 took its place in the row. «? Oh, you're all right yet,' said Barrovr. ' You see you're not past amusement.' The pictures were fearful as to color, and atrocious as to drawing and expres sion ; but the feature 'which squelched animosity and made them funny was a feature which could not achieve its full force in a single picture, but required the wonder-working assistance of repetition. One loudly-dressed mechanic in stately attitude, with his hand on a cannon, ashore, and a ship riding at anchor in the offing — this is merely odd ; but when one sees the same cannon and the same ship in 14 pictures in a row, and a different mechanic standing watch in each, the things get to be funny. ' Explain — ex- plain these aberrations,' said Tracy. ' Well, they are not the achievement of a single intellect, a single talent — it takes two to do these rniraclea They are colla borations — the one artist does the figure, the other the accessories. The figure artist is a German shoemaker with an untaught passion for art j the other is a simple hearted old Yankee sailor man, whose pos sibilities are strictly limited to his ship, his cannon, and his patch of petrified sea. They work these things up from 25 per cent, tin tjpes ; they get Gdol a piece for them, and they can grind out a couple a day when they strike what they call a boost — that is, an inspiration.' ' People actually pay money for these calumnies ?' ' They actually do — and quite willingly, too. And these abortionists could double their trade and work the 'women in if Cap tain Saltmarsli could whirl a horse in, or a piano in, or a guitar, in place of his cannon. The fact is, he fatigues the market with that cannon. Even the male market, I mean. These 14 in the proces sion are not all satisfied. One is an old ? independent ' fireman, and he wants an engine in place of the cannon ; another is mate of a tug, and -wants a tug in place of the ship — and so on and so on. Cut the captain can't make a tug that is deceptive, and a fire engine is many flights beyond his power.'' ' This is a most extraordinary form of robbery. I never have heard of anything like it. It's interesting.' ' Yes, and so are the artists. They are perfectly honest men, and sincere, and the old sailor man is fall of sound religion, and is as devoted a student of the Bible and misquoter of it as you can find any where. I don't know a better man or kinder-hearted old soul than Saltmarsli, although he does swear a little sometimes.' ' He seems to be perfect. I want to know him, Barrow.' ' You'U have the chance. I guess I hear them coming now. ' We'll draw them out on their art, if you like.' The artists arrived, and shook hands with great heartiness. The German was 40 and a little fleshy, ?with a shiny bald head and a kindly face and deferential manner. Captain Salt marsh was 60, tall, erect, powerfully built, with coal-black hair and whiskers, and he had a well-tanned ^complexion, and, a gait and countenance that were full of com mand, confidence, and decision. His horny hands and wrists were covered with tattoo marks, and when his lips parted, Ms teeth glowed up white and blemishlesB. His -voice was the effortless deep bass of a church organ, and -would disturb the tran quility of a gas flame 50 yards away. ' They're wonderful pictures,' eaid Bar row. ' We've been examining them.' ' It is very pleasant dot you like dem,' said Handel, tho German, greatly pleased. *' Und you, Herr Tracey, you haf peen hleased noit dem too, alrotty ?' ' ' I can honestly say I have never seen anything just like them before.' 'Schon,' cried the German, delighted. ' You hear,, captain ? Here is a chentle man, yes, vot abbreciate unser aart.' . ?: The captain was charmed and said — ' Well, eir, -we're thankful for a compli ment yet, though they're not as scarce now as they used to be before -we made a reputation.' ' Getting the reputation is the up-hill time in most things, captain.' ' It's so. It ain't enough to know how to reef a gasket, you've got to make the mate know you know it. That's reputa tion. The good word, said at the right time, that's the word that makeB us 5 and evil be to him that evil thinks, as Isaiah says.' ' It's very relevant, and hits the point oxactly,' said Tracy. *' Where did you study art, captain,?' ' I haven't studied ; it's a natural gift.' ' He is born mit dose cannon in him. He tondt haf to do noding ; Ms chenius do all de work. Of he is asleep, und take a pencil in hie hand, out come a cannon. Py orasbus, of lie could de a clavier, of he could do a guitar, of he could do a vashtub, it is a fortune, heiliger, Yoliannise, it is yoost a fortune.' ' Well, it is an immense pity that the business is Mndered and limited in this unfortunate* way.' The captain grew a trifle excited himself now. ' You've said it, Mr. Tracy. Hindered? Well, I should say so. Why, look here. This fellow here. No. 11 he's a hackman — a .flourishing hackman j I may say. He wants Ms hack in this picture. Wants it where the cannon is. I get around that difficulty by telling him the cannon's our trademark, so to speak — proves that the picture's our work, and I was afraid if we left it out people wouldn't know for certain if it was a Saltniarsh-Handel — now you 'wouldn't yourself ? ' ' What, captain? You wrong yourself , indeed you do. Anyone 'who has once seen a genuine Saltmarsh-Handel is safe from imposture for ever. Strip it, flay it, skin it out of every detail but the bare ' color and expression, and that man will still recognise it, still stop to worship.' ' Oh, how it make me feel to hear dose expressions — ' he still says to himself again as ho has said a hundred times before ; ' the art of the Saltmarsh-Handel is an art apart, there is nothing in the heavens above or in the earth beneath that resem bles it ? .' .'.Py chiniiny, nur horen Sie einznaL In my lifeday haf I never heard so brecious worts.' ' So I talked him out of the hack, Mr. Tracy, and he let up on that, and said put in a hearse ; then — because he's cMef mate of a hearse, but don't own it — stands a watch for wages, you know. But I can't do a hearse any more than I can a hack, so here we are — becalmed, you eee. And it's the same with women and such. They come and they want a little johnry pic ture ? ' (to be coiraNtrED.) 