EASTG?OOVE LALItPS AGAlIN. To?rens is something mysterious, unesanny, and creepy about Easetgrove generally-at least, euch if the opioion of some members of the Oouneil. When thions are otherwise quiet there comes a wailing cry from the Progress Committee lioke that of the ghost in old tales of horror; and no oxoroism that was ever invented heas been so far able to effeotually lay that ghost. Eaetgrove, from the standpoint of an oldormnnuropresentiog this aide of the river, is a bundle of wants, an epitome of unostisfied ambitionsr, a cargo of discontent, a subunhnrb of irreconcilables. From the standpoint of the Progress Oommittee it is an oppressed Poland, the prey of the iosatiato octopus, Goulburn... For some oonsidereblo time past the erratio behaviour of the kerosene lamps that illumineio the darkness beyond Bleakshaw's has been r.astanding canuse of complaint. The Progress Committee seem at times to have sat up more or less through thd night, like Parkes in the poem, purposely to watch these lamps at their wayward game. Sometimes they went out suddenly, Esometimes they lingered wretchCdly glimmeriog through' the smoky environment of their own making, sometimes they weren't lit at all. Snoh unstable, volatile, erratic lamps were never before heard of; and as this was not the quality desired at least not in 'Eaostgrove-.the Council were again and again furnished -with comoplaints so circumstantial in detail that they roesd 'like tbhe inventory of the Councoil's bailtiff put in under distress warrant for overdue tWater rates. Then the Coouncil would send the report of 'theo Progress Committee to the otiicial lmpllighter and asek him mournfully to explain the matter. Heo would eplain next meeting, showing that, except when the wind blew a lamp out or a troublesome -youngster extinguished it by hanging his caop on'the ohimnuv, everything was according to specification; and recently, grown tired perhaps of -being eternally eubjee:ed to a nagging proesss, he asked somewhat reproachfully if he ought to be held responsible for the distorted vision.of 'persona going home in the wee sma' hours of the morning, and ventured . a prediotion that in course of time these persons would, be "able to -tes two grand duplex burners, with patent reflectors and multiplex lensee, where as a moatter of foot there was nothintg hut the primesl darlrnes and a mud hole. On Thureday- night tho ltmplighter and the Progress Committee, represented by proxy in the person on tie. lease Busholl, were brousht fieeo to face on the floor of tho Town -Hall. The lamplighter desoribed- the habit of the herosene lamp, which is, to put itmildly, unreliable. A gust of wind willptt out the best of them.;..Ho had froe quently gone out two or three times in one night to attend to delinquent lamps. Then Mr; --Boshell, ass?ounmiug the attitude of an orator and consulting a note-bhook from time to time, defended the state. ments of the Progress Committeo Ho bead seen nights when there aoe -hnrdly one lamp alight all oer the territories of Eastgrove. S ineo the 3rd of the present monthonly two lamos had been lit, ex copt on one ntright when there wer rn tiorease of I0 per cent., viz., three. When Mki;Bl eboll-hnd com pletoe his impeachment the l.oaplighter procebded to croso.eoamine him,- and the War- raged hotly. Tlen HZr. T. Teiglsno,-nu expert in the esience of kerosene lamps, who had edged his way to the front of the bhll, said, to the:overlasting discomflituro of Eastgrove, that it was a moral imposaibility to keep such lamps elight.on-a. wiudy night unless they were fitted with a certain eontrivanoe which he had ouoe invented. lr. Tinson recounted somo of his crperiencese and the upshot' was that the Counuil gave no award at all, but.left the Progress Commit. ee and the lamplhghter to settle their quarrel in the old way. - . 