Joe Beiton's Revenge. II? ALIMIHD B, lIUniUOB, Hla r.nmo was Jonopli Bolton, but hla mates on board tba Mlddleolrnnd lightship oallcd him Grim Joe. Ilia grlsislod board and aun.tanuud taaa and hands told ot a Hla in tba open nir. Joabad Boon foreign aorvluo in tba navy. He had itood to IiIb , gun nnd nover Ulnahcd orald tha lull of fUmc and shot which rained from Ilia fortB of ini prcgnablo Sobastopol I bo bad abased the ulavor. nnd broilnht tba frownlnir. bafllad Arab trader to hla kneca ; ho bad weathered D hundred furiaud storinB and hurricanes in tbo mid-oooan, and bad, Bavo tbo loss ot ono finger on hla rigbt hand, oomu soatblcsa out ' at all, Tno loaa of tbe finger inoapaeltated Joo Beiton tor active scrvioo, and bo retired on . biapanaion, and for oomo time lived at a Billing village on tlio Ksaox const. But Job got tired of mooning about witb ten bettor oampantonB than tha ' 'longshore men,' who regarded him with groat respect, and never yarned in ltia prcaonoe. It waa only to tho vkltors tbnt they let their imaginations run fanoy free, but took good oaro nover to dwell upon their perilous ndventuros and hnir breadth escapes whon Joe Helton woo within hearing, or when the storica wcro likely to beropeatedto him, A vacancy occurred on board tho Middle llrantl liglilihip, and Joe applied for it. He wan nt onoe accepted, na bo bad left the navy with a olean sheet and ouoh a character as any honest man might be truly nroud of. Joo Ilolton was a bachelor. Hi bad loved, nnd loved in vain, and, na bo put it, ' hauled in his heart's tackle, and atowed i[ away for aver.' Nobody knew much about tho utory, aavo that .Too bad taken bin disappointment very much to heart ; and nobody oared to question him on tho subject, for Joe's faoa would gran datk and (otblddlnit at tba slightest word of cbtfl relating to his lonely lite. 'Jiiok hero, lads,' ho said, ono day, ' 'you've got wives and youngsters ashore, and when tho wind roars at night, they oio thinking and praying lor you, though they know thDt a lightship 1b the safest craft Ibat floats. Do thankful you are not liko tot, who cares tor nobody, nnd for whom no body circa, llelgho I Now I'll go and have a turn at tbo relleotore.' Oa duty or oil duty, whenever Joe Bolton »ca upier, ho would havo ' a turn nt tho re llenloiB.' ' Elbow grease ' eceine i to bo tha only salvo to his wounded heart, nnd ho would keep on polishing until tbe reflectors wero Ilka burnished mirror* ot silver ; and, as it wore, bo rubbed away tbe gloom from his face, and left it ruddy and calm if not abso lutely cheerful. I Joe had hU seasonsot silcncoaml dejected ness. Whenever he wan ' off his haooy,' and road from a treasured copy ot Milton's pooma, his mates winked nt each otber, nnd left him alono until tbo fit had passud away. Ouenlsjht, after Joo had gono to Mb ham mock, I'll i I Oxloy found tbat a leaf in tbe book had been carefully turned down, nnd, Blinking bis bead, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe must be in a very bad way indeed. ??Il.-ad them linei lie's marked with a pencil,' lie tald. ' Usad 'cm nloud, Jim, for you know that I'm not much of a soholnrd.' Jim Diwling wns willing to oblige, and, in a low tone- ot voice, load : ' Flonco. loathed Mals-nobnly, Ot Erebus aud blackest midnight born ! In Stygian onva forlorn, 'Moogst horrid shapes, and Bbrieks, and eights unholy Kind out some uneouth cell, Whore brooding IMrkncsa aproadi bis jealous wingn And the night ravon sings; There, under ebon «bade3, and low-browed rocks A* Jagged as tby looks, In dark Cimmerian Jcoert over dwell.' 'I don't understand much iibout it,' Phil caid, ' but I dnrcsny it'a all right. The only thing in my line is the low-browed rocks, Lor', what a head that 'ore Milton ruuft have bud, to bo sure I But I eay, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. 1 o'poee it wouldn't bo light to hldo tbo book, would it, now ?' ' I wouldn't undertake to do it for donblo leave with double p.iy,' Jim Dawling roplicd. ?' My misaua— and, bleaa her heart, uhe'n still my Bwctthcfttt— knowB something Qbout now Joe wsb jilted. You aeo, Phil, such a utory join handed dawn from ono to tha other, nnd givca the people something to talk about uvcr the Are on winter nighto. Why, bliws you, Jim, tho stories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haunted tbe ooast wbon ho won a young man, would tnako your bair ourl like— like thin ' rashes o' bacon in n frying-pan.' Phil Oiloy was about to request tho favor of tbo repetition of ono vl those blood curdling ynriw, when bis eyes grew round nnd his mouth opened to its utmost limits. 'Look I Look there I' ho ffaiipod. Jim Dawling'a face grew ashy palo as ho turned slowly. There waB Borne vague notion 1 - In bis mind at that moment— and Jim bad his full share of superstition, nnd porbnps a little over— that tbe ghost ot bis grandfather bad coma to polish up bis memory; but in stead ot a spectre ho saw Joo Bellou. His 1 eyes wero flxod and staring, bis arms hanging IooBely at bis Bido, and bis movements, as it , , bo wero measuring every step carefully, pro claimed that he waB walking in his sleep. Suddenly bo stopped, and, stooping down, felt about whero bo bad left tbe copy of Mil. ton's poonifl. Scarcely knowing what be did, Jim Dawling pushed tbe book noiselessly within the somnambulist's reach. , ; Joo Helton took up tho the volumo, and muttered : ' Itcnoo, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight bom ;' and than, with a dark expression of face and lurlous gesture, hurled tho book from blm : Phil Oxley was conscious that his bair waa rising on bis bead, and tbat bo was as damp nil ovor with porapiration an if tho oabin had been suddenly connected with a Blow oven, \- Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, but simply Bat and stared. He teit tbst ho was bo routed to tho locker, ? tbat bad a gun proclaimed n vessel in danger, littlo Bhort ol steam power oould have lilted \- . him to bis feet. Joo Beiton crossed the floor, and stopping short against the wall, leaned bis arm heavily : upon it, and began to speak. ' Well, Nancy,' ho mid. 'you know bed, , , . : I have tried to win your heart, not to Bteal f it, liko a common thlet. You havrt allnwfd your curs to be poiaoncd against me by Caleb ttozo. He is my rival, end would nay any thing against me. I swear by Him that made me, and whoso hnmi rnlos tbo land and sen, tbat at the time Basto bbjb I waa in Fortamouth, I waa two daya on a journey to Malta.' ' . Ho oe&Bed; speaking, and raised his head as If waiting tor a reply to his avowul. 'You dnubt mo,' he continued, in tho voiao ot a strong man subduing hia passion. ' I see It written 03 your taae ; I read It in your eyca. And It isn't doubt, Nancy ; you want to find an excuse to get rid ot me. You faror Caleb B1Z0. What I you eay no? I my yes. 'Well I'll go; for I'd sooner plungo into the sea with a ahot at my heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me.' ? Joe Bslton walked away a tew pacos, nnd then turned bank again. ' Tell Caleb Boss to give me a wide berth,' ho said. ' I've always thought It waa my naturo to forget and forgive, but I'll never \- \ terget or forgive the man whose lying tongue Das blighted my lite and turned my heart to pall. Tell him so— tell him to keep beyond ; ?thern''11- -' ?'- ♦-- -jind good-bye, Nancy— Tnc immutmilmlipt oruaatd tbe oiibiu, and, nsflaiug out, went aaltuly back to bis ham mock, un if ho waa wcury, nnd bin watch bo low had just begun. For numo momenta Fhil Oxlcy and Jim D.iwlinu --jd net tpcak, but at lenuth Phil broko the allcnoo. '? What— what d'ye think 0' that?' ho naked, toueely aliovu bis breath. ' It's the awf ullest thing I ever saw, 1-iir', I've got tun plnn nnd needles nil over mo I' ' I think,' Jim Dawling replied, ' that tho best ibuigUrlm Jau can do is to go nshoro and poo a doctor ns quluk n« possible.' 'But the relict boat won't lin here lor mor'n n work, nnd you linow the penalties tor any nun quitting tbo ship without laavn. Shall wo tell Joe bow he's bcou carry ing on!' Jim Dawling turned tbe question over in hl« mind for uorao moments, nnd replied in tho nagnttve, ? 'What good would It do?' he argued, ' It would only frighten him iind inako him the moro miiernblo to think tbat bo had bten walking and talking in bin sleep, We'd btltor keep a olose watch aver him, and meution tbe matter to tho ouloor. Ho kuowa Grim Joe's ways, and will (lad somu excuse to got him aBhore.' It tcab a dark, wild Miroh night. The wind wao blowing hard, and tho sea ran high, Evory now and then the lightning glared upon tbe storni-to-snd oconn and the distant deaolato ooast, end tba thunder roared aa it teatiun tho mighty piles ot clouds asunder, .. Whllo Oilny nnd Duwling wore yet dl(cu«. 'aing Grim Joe's bout of Bleep-walking, and promising to divulge it to no other limn on board, tile hnnrio roar ot tlio foghorn rent tbo air. Aa fast ns their feet oould carry tham, Oxley nndDiwIlngruabed nn deck, and they wero quickly followed by Joo Helton, who, having slipped I-U lcgi into hla blacks, com pleted the real of bia toilet, tailor-like, as ha went to where duty callod him. 'There was n lUra shown nut aauth'ard,' said tho man who had founded tha alarm ; 'nnd onco 1 thought I naw a vo«hhI, but nt first I thought tho lightning had deceived me. Look 1 look I There she is.' 'Sho'a tunning on to the annosi' Joo Beiton cried, snatching up a epeaking trumpet, ' and Heaven help her and nil on board it she doons't aheer off. Keep tbe horn going, JUn out tbe gun, mid gUn her a louder warning. WiiuS docs tbe captain racnn by tunning into the jiws ot death Ilka this? lie nni3il)o either arunk or mad.' Oiaah 1 went tho repoit ot tha (Un. It was annwered by another, nnd a red llxre, which told its own story only two well. 'Sbo'Hloituer holm,' Jim Diwllng said. ' Sju haw ahe roll* and ttoundera. tliy tho Lord rend tha wind about I Ab, sbe milieu I sho strikes 1 I'oor bouIu, they are lost, every Tuo guns were now being answered by an other lightship, come IWo miles distant, nnd nt tha nearcit lifebont station men were making haste to help tlio obipwrecktd mari ner?, A Lights IlishoJ, guns boomciiT tbo fog horn eorecobed, nnd men shouted— alas, all in vain 1 The hapless vesaol, driven on thebnnds, was doomed to destruction. Aa its keel atruck upan tho troaoberous sandrf it groaned and ehuiidercd liko somo huge living thing 'Anui'na II in montary, the wind li-jwkd louder, and 11a furious gusts drove Ibo w.»vea mountain-hiith. Huuein ol fonta iind nurf fisw over the ligMsbip, blinding the mo', who clung, scarcely hreatuicK, ta the rigging. ' The lifebuatwill never reach her,' dome body ahouicd. 'Iilnten.' Amid the uproar came the ornahing of timber, and then such a cry ut despair as tnndn tbo stoutest heart rink anil quake. ?? S io'« Bttiling down,' Jim Diwlini! BaiJ, during a momentary lull in tbo storm. 'But sen I uu« poor fallow lins Iruated himaclf tn a ►par, and is diifting away ircm tho ehip. lie might na well place faith in n straw, lluaven help us, wo can do nothing. Our boats would crack like nutshells in BUch a At that moment the aky became ablaze witb a tonluo 11. an of lightning, or rather a succession of Oushea, and tboy allowed the despairing figure dinging with tbo strength ol agony to tho spar. His featurcB woro as plainly seen as it a ray ot limoligbt bad been turned on them, and oven the convulsive action of his hands, a« ho tried to pull him sell higher and higher into the tangled oord ngo, was vliible. ' Lid?,' said Joo Baltsn, pulling hla aouth wester tightly ovor bis head, ? I am going alter tbat man, but I don't aak any one else hero to run tho riak, It'a my ifliir, for yonder floats tho man who did mo the greatest wrong I over endured, I want him to ace mo before ho go^a under. 1 want him to know that I havo had my rovenge at lnst.' ' You are mad,' Phil Oslay oricd. ?' Joo I Jon I you aro not- youreelf ; yon ara dream ing. Can't you eeo that you will bo com mitting Buieide I All tbat any man here can do is to atnod by, and iling a life-buoy ta the poor wretch it ho happens to pass tbtB way.' 'Stand hack, yos, Pnll Oxley, and you all,' Joe B.-lton yelled, inatohiDK upon nxe, as tha man admmied towards him. ?' Mauo or mad, 1 will have my way, nnd 1 am going. Stand book, I say ; the man who thirma ot trying to atop me bad better say bis F' Oood-byo, then, Joe,' saiil Jim Dawling. ' We're not afraid to do our duty, but wu aro afraid of doing fooliah.useloia acts. Lock at tbe Ben, liBton to tho wind, and toll ma it anything but a well-maimed liloboat can lite five minutes.' ' I don't expect to como back,' Jus Beiton retorted. 'I only want him to oatoh sight ot me, nnd 1 aball boeatii-fieo.' Aa bo apoko he cut away tho davits, and leaped into the boat aa it plunged into tbe boiling surge. The iliatrttolcd men thought that tha trail craft and Joo llslton and been drawn under tbe light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous about aa they saw tbo deterniiuined man pulling with all his might. And then they lost sight of him in tho trough at tho mighty wavea ohnBing each other In mad haste. ?? tie's a dead man,' l'ail Oitey walled ' But what could wo do I Ila'd havo kept bis word, nnl killed tho first man who nt tempted to stop him. And now he's gone lor ever I Poor Joel' But no ; tbo man bent on bo strange an errand appeared to bnvo a charmed life. Tno boat redo tbo waves liko a swan, and nearer and nearer it drew to the (par with its wretched burden ot humanity, hoping against hope, aad oryine. In heartrending no ceats for help when it Bscmod nc earthly help could come. When within n low yards ol tug drowning man, Joo Bolton tttrneb tbo blades ot the ots flat to tbo water and leaned over the gunwale. ' Oilob lira,' he, shouted, in a voloo that rose aoove the wind und tbe turbulent ocean, 'You know mo. Ljok at me. I am Joe Helton, tha man whose heart you killed — .the man whose bstler nature you slew with your lying tongue. I have oomo hero to aoe you die. Do your hear? I havo como to eco ynu dio.' Kjzo was a ponerful, muscular man, but his Btrength was nearly spent, He beard Joa Button's terrible word*, and a cry at anguish burst from his lips; yet in that agony of despair he made ono more (Burl, deserted the spar, and olutcbed frantically at tbe boat. ? 'Take ynur hands away, or X will bent thorn oft 1' Joo Beiton yelled, ' Do yiju re member tho lie you uttered 1 You toldlfenoy tbat I wan only fooling with her, ami that yon had Been mi in tho company ot in) 'xcal ?weotheart at fortamouth. Away wltb you I Down, down, nnd drown like a ring I' -1 'Jnol Joel' Bhrieked the lr«ntio man, ' If you beat me nfl it will bo murder. ,i If yon have no pity on me, think of my wile a-ni children.. -IMnk how they will Jain me, tbe brindulnner. Think how they lo\\- me, nnd how 1 lovo them, On, it Is hard I dio like this, almost in tight ot borne, 1 God takes my lifo, Ha flavo (tj hut you an only a mnn, and not my Judge. Hate me «► you will, Joo, but 'give me a ohnnae, uno earn tbo thanks and prayers ol Innocent children who have done you no harm— little children who aro ignorant that their lather ever wronged you In thought or deed,' Tho very storm acomed to hush Its voloo that tha words ot this appeal might bo heard, nnd tho man who had risked hia lifd to sou hia enemy dio. btforo his eyes became as a liulo child hlmiclt. Witb the Btrength ol a giant he pulled Caleb IIjko into tho boat.Just as a Bhcut from tho man crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that tha Utebaat waa coding. He Bwooneil, and tile boat floated away at tho meroy ot tha wavoe, and thu last flash ol lightning— for tbo slorm olnuda were now rolling away— showed It indistinctly plung ing ahorewarda, oceupied apparently by ono mnn, rawing na for dear lite; but hidden from view waa another man, who lay in animate, helplcai, and amcromasaolbuddled ololulug, There wna a rush to tbo Sailors' Home nt Shellacs, tor the lltebontmon had done their duty nobly, nnd out ot all Iho crew, ot the voaecl, now a wrcok on tho Mtddlestrnnd Bands, only ono man wan missing- Oaltb Tho story about Joe Beiton toon Rot afloat. It was told nnd retold, witb many alterations nnd additions, rnd everybody waa making up hla and her mind that Joo had fic«t had hia revenue, und thrown himself into tho ocean afterward*, when, cool na a ououmbnr, Joe Hilton himself marched iuto the S:iilora' Unmo, '? 1 want to sea the chaplain,' ho said. ' I have something pnrtloulur to say 10 him, It nny ot you w.int 11 ] -b, you 0,111 take n trolly and bring nlung n bunt that belongj to the lightship from Hove,' The chaplain lost mi time in interviewing hia umxpeclf-d vi.itor.nr.d learned from him that Caleb 11 :zj wns mil only safe, but by ibut time linug attended to by hia o.vn wile ' I couldn't face her,' J.10 Helton mid. ' tn I sent him au by Horna lltlicrmen. Wbon 1 think, Bit, how narrowly I ctrmped having tho blood ot n man on my hands, I ltie\ taint nnd fiitldy. I will sit dona a moment, if you plume, sir.' ' Balton,' replied the chaplain, ' you plajod two |nrt3, but the better nno pre vailed. Bjry tho pa«t. nnd ruiurmbcr thai we nioiliHuic ;vnr wealt. To err id human ] to forgive divine.' There are people down Hove way irho will point you out nn old mnti woiiuarluy on tlio beaah, with littlu otnldrc:! hovering round him, and toll you thhtt Jib fattier of tlio yonngBiera it 1 1 am, nud that be who watebca thu Di with so much t^uilet'noifl lives tn n day for a walk whh the little oner. And his namo is Joo U«ho», who taoka up'^n hin not ot revenge as tbe beat ono bo ever poiformud in bis lite. 