Little Mr. Quimbo. By E. Vixton Blake (in ..SI. Xichola*). It u;is ou a pleasant June morning that I rode out ??it the inn gates iu Sauta Carnova, a little, dirty Mfxienn town away down iu South-western Texas. V'-iu needn't look on y^ur maps for it ; I never could find it on oue yet, and you cannot. But of all the ill - 1 -on Jitioned towes I ever saw, this ranks among the worst. Well, as I said, I rode out of the gateway of the inn on a June mormng. JNot at all such an inn as y.iu would imagine, butaplaiu, uutidy, square, flat knifed structure built of adobes — a kind of sun-dried bricks. There was an archway leading to an ill— ]i;ived court, aud as I rode out I gave Rangoon t!n- rein. A proud head, two alert ear-!, a silky-bright bay iM.it, four swift restless feet, n. frame of iron aud unifies of steel — such was Rangoon. Xo oue ever ruled him but me, and he scorned all law.s but the law nf love. If you own horses, boys, make them love you. ami y-m have stanch friends— truer, some iiiiii'c. than human ones— who will not fail you in time of need. Rangoon loved me : he obeyed my wiii-e or signal : I could guide him byword, if neees s:uy. He 'saved my life_ many times, and at last !-:ive Ins own for mine. Hut of that 1 will not tell IHIW. 1 rode at full gallop down the dirty, narrow street I was glad to see the last of the dingy houses, to li-;ive the road, and to strike off on the trail that led hi irth- nast across the prarie. I Many Eastern boys know nothing uf the prairies, the wide, grand, far-reaching, undulating huds that lie all through the south-west and west. Ah, that niurning the world seemed as fresh and sweet as ou tin' morning of the creation '. The prairie was a mass of flowers ; the air, indescribably pure aud eshilarar lutr. The sun rose to meet me, slanting goldenly mi-r the tops of the long swells. Rangoon had buckled down to his day's work, going forward with tin- long, easy, loping gallop natural to him. 1 rode .ill the morning. The sun crept up and up the sky, :md at noon I camped down in the timber by a swift irirrow creek, for dinner. I was in a hurry that day. I wanted to. be in Mendios by noon on the in mow : I had many a weary mile to get over, and expected the prairie to be my bedroom for the night. 1 liked company too well, generally, to travel alone, imt I was taking a cross- cut to meet the doctor, whom I cxp2eted to find at the inn in Mendios. Well, when the suu began to decline iu the west, I was still in the saddle and galloping on to the north - -ist as I had been all day. I was tired; so was ]{:mgoon. He slackened suddenly to a slow trot, tlirew up his head, and sniffed the air. Just then i-ometliing singular happened. A child's cry, faint l)iir clear, came to my ears. I declare to you. a (?old chill crept over me. Just consider. I was at lenut fifty miles from any human habitation, and I did not know what to make of it. Rangoon stopped short. That cry again ! A long- drawn, pitiful cry : it nude my h:rr s-tand on eud. I don't know whether 1 1; ought it was a ghost, or what : but nothing ever moved me before or since as I was moved at that inoireut. It was sunset, too. and the dusk of evening was beginning to envelop all things. The wide, far reaching prairie lay on all sides : no human being was near : no emigrant- waggon -would pass this way, it seemed to me. The tall grass aud flowers waved silently in the fresh wind. I tried to start Rangoon along. I said to myself, ' It is a coyote, or a prairie-dog ; ' but common sense told ' me better. .Suddenly Rangoon turned short round and dashed off to the left. He took the bit in his teeth, put down his head, and bolted. What under the sun possessed him, I could not tell. For about three minutes he galloped like mad through the tall grass, aud then, brought uj- with a jerk. What did I see - ' A little fellow about three years old, standing in the tall grass which was as high as his head. He had beaten it down all round him. A wee little man alone on the lonely, darkening prairie, with none but God and the angels to watch over and defend him. He looked up into my face with a pair of the brightest eyes I ever saw, aud said, 'Well, I's dot most tired out I I t'ought nobody wouldn't never j turn. You's been a most awful long time, Mr. Man !' I uever said a word. I couldn't ; something choked me. I reached down, pulled fhe little fellow up, and set him in front of me. Theu I reined Ban- ; goou back to the trail I had left. i ?' I dess I'm some t'irsty, Mr. Man.' said ihe wee mite : and, still without a word, I gave him my can- ', teen. ? ; i_**I dess I'm some hungry, too.'' he added : and THE LATE MR. E. S. CHAPMAN (' AUGUR '). (From photo, by Foster and Martin, Melbourne.) [See Sporting Columns.] then, looking up in my face, he ob.scaved, ' Has you lost your tongue, Mr. Mau r' ;'Xo,' said I; but I could hardly smile. Do airy of you realise, as I realised theu, the probable fate of this innocent child left alone on the wide prairie at nightfall '? '? How did you come here, child?' said I. '? I's little Mr. Quimbo,' he explained with dignity. 'I did turn in a big waggon wiz a white top, an' I tooked a walk, an' I went all ascepy, and zis inornin' de waggon was all gone ! ' ' Who was in the waggon ? ' ' My papa 'n' mamma, course,' he answered with complacency: 'an' Sam; he's a black man. An' my Kitty, an' ' Bo Peep.' He's a lamb, Bo Peep is.' ' What is your papa's name ': ' ' Papa ' honey ' — zat what mamma says.' ' Nothing else? ' asked I. '' Xuffin' 't all. S'pose I don't know ?' said the midget. '? Where were you going in the big waggon.-; '' Here little Mr. Quimbo was at fault. He said his papa was going to a big river ; but he knew no more of the matter. Plainly, there was nothing for it but tn convey little Mr. Quimbo to Mendios, where I might possibly obtain information of the waggon. I camped down soon, for it was too late to search further for timber, picketed Raugoon near by. aud rolled the child and myself in the blanket. I didn't sleep much : hut the little fellow hardly stirred all night. Toward morning Rangoon slipped his halter, and came and lay down close to me, treading circumspectly, for fear of hurting me. After he laid himself* down, he stretched his long neck over and sniffed at the child with an air of astonishment. ?' It's all right, old fellow.' said I sleepily. '* We'll take care of him, won't we, Rangoon':' I dozed and waked till the western sky turned darker blue, the east a lighter grey. The stars paled and went out. The east turned pink, theu rosy, and golden streaks shot up. It was sunrise. A fresh wind' blew across the flower-prairie. I rose ; so did Rangoon. The child still slept. I was investigating the contents of nay knapsack, and wondering whether it would pay to stop to shoot aud cook game — for I was in haste — when a shout of laughter made me turn. The young scamp was hanging for dear life to Rangoon's tail ' Raugoon was amazed. He gave a jump and whirl which swung the child about like a feather ; but the boy stiil laughed and would not let go. 'Bless my soul, child! The horse might kick the life out of j'ou !' I cried, and sprang to the rescue. But Rangoon knew better. He stopped, laid hack his ears, aud shook his head. I got the midget away, and gave him a fatherly caution. Then breakfast, aud. a fresli' start: Little .Mr. Quimbo chattered like a magpie. But toward noon .he grew sleepy, and by the time I Struck the broad, quiet street of Meudios, he was asleep in iiiy arms. . ? ' ' This inn was quite imposing. Some of the win dows had balconies. It was built iu a hollow square I with a large paved court in the middle. There was I a fountain in the court. You entered under a part j of the house, through an arched passage ; and the j clang of Rangoon's hoofs on the nags opened wide little Mr. Quimbo's eyes. ' ?- ' Has you dot dere, Mr. Man ? ' was his saluta i tion. ' Where 's my papa 'n' mama?' I felt uneasy. What if I couldn't find them ? ?? Out came the host with many low bows and ? Spanish compliments. Out also came a ragged old woman, who said she would take my horse. ' Is Senor the Doctor here ?' I asked in Spanish. Before he could answer the Doctor's portly form, perspiring face, and jovial voice made answer for themselves. ' Ransom, my dear fellow, you've been forever and a day. Here I've spent two nights in this wretched old place. But, my dear fellow, whose child is that '*' ' I's mv papa 'n1 mama's child,' said dignified little Mr. Quimbo. ?' I picked him up on the prairie, Doctor. Do you kuow auything of any emigrant waggon that has. parsed hereabout? ' '? They're all over creation ; you might as wdl search for a needle in a haystack,' said the Doctor philosophically. %-Hold on, though. Seems as if there was one that went out of here early this mom iug.' He inquired in Spanish of the attentive inn keeper. ' Si, senores — and in it was the Senor Hayes, his wife, who seemed like one distraught, and a rascally negro. They go to Broad's rauch ; it is not far froiii i here, live miles down the San Saba.' | ' I must go on down there at once, old fellow,' I said I to the Doctor. 'I'll be back this afternoon.'' And down the narrow trail by the San Saba I galloped at the top of Rangoon's' speed, with little Mr. Quimbo on the pommel of the saddle. By- aud-bye we saw the ranch, on a knoll over looking a bend of the stream. ' Dere's zat waggon now,' remarked little Mr. Quimbo. '' I dess I t'ink it's pretty mean— goin' an' leaviu' me. 'Mos'dot'a mm' not to speak- to 'em ! ' A negro sat. idly on the shafts : a lamb was tied to one of the waggon wheels by a long rope. The negro looked up as we j'ode through the gates, jumped several fee;, and gave a shriek. '* Oh. hi — yar ! dar he is ! Dar he is now, d is yer minute ! 0 lcrs-a-massy, Mars' Hayes ! whar is you, anyway ! Hi '. ? Mars' Hayes '. come out'hyar, quick, dis minute! '? . And he performed around Rangoon a. war-dance startling to behold. Two men rushed to the door as I ascended tin steps, the child in my arms. ' Stranger — God bless you ! — where* J you come by that boy r . Tell me quick ! ' He seized me and the child together. ' Is he yours r' asked I. ' He's my brother Abner's. Aimer! come here!' the man called through the house. Then to me, ' Stranger, you never see such a time as we've had ? here since Abner aud his wife come this mornin' She's nigh about crazy 'cause they lost the boy on the perarie, an' she goes ou like a cre'tur' possessed. There now!' There was a rush from an inner room— a cry— a sob— and little Mr. Quimbo was snatched out of my arms. When Mr. Hayes had set his wife and boy on the ssttle,— for she nearly fainted awayj — he made a charge at me. Everybody else made 'a charge at the same time ; two or three got hold of my hands at once, and they were nearly shaken off in the ex citement aud gratitude of these good people. 'Hold on — Hold on!' said I when I got my breath. ' It's all right, friends, but I am a bashful fellow, you see, aud this is all quite too much, you understand ! ' Iu the hearty laugh that followed, the tears were wiped away, and the men became composed. 1 can assure you, 1 didn't get away from Broad's ranch that afternoon, and I left next day under , sfrict promise to see them again, whenever I eatue that way. 