LETTERS TO THE EBITOP. STK JAMES LEE STEERE AND HI S CRITICS. v ? Sir,— In your isstte of the 3rd instant appears a letter over '? Blackwood Elector.' It is neither manly nor fair to make a personal attack under cover of a nomile plume. No c rrespondent ought to be ashamed to give his name, if his motives are what they ought to be. The burden of your correspondent's soag is, that the mem ber for the Nelson did not ' try ' to loot flio Tronsiirv fnr t.lm xnpeinl bpnollt. of his electorate. Looting the Treasury has be come an integral part of current politics, and is now the chitf function of Eastern legislator?. It is a prof easion to which very many owe tbeir seats as well as thtir living ; w and those curiotfcf to see the results of their i patriotic services have only to visit the ? Melbourne Exhibition, turned into a mon ster' soup kitchen. Considering our limited popu'ation and means, and the fact that as a colony we are by no means doing a paying trade,— otir imports are always so far in ex cess of our exports — I incline to the opin ion that too Hiflch loan money has bem already fritted away ftpon bogus venturee ^ in notoriously favored districts, which is a flagrant wrong to, and robbery of others, more needing and deserving. In rommon with your correspondent (whom I tak»? to be gander of the ' Blackwood geese') I should1 have been very much surprised indeed if a far-seeing and experienced politician like Sir James Lee -Steere approved of Sir John's latest land craze. This colony has had quite enough and to spare of such bubbles, that collapse at tbe first test 'ouch, and want no more. I have not seen any details of the latest, and care not what they are ; it suffices me that the principle is radical! j bad, and, if ever attempted to be carried out, cannot fail to inflict a great injustice upon the existing agricultural interests, in asmuch as it will, in common with other in dustrie?, be called upon to support ono assisted by the State, and hard to compete with. It is a correct maxim that no one class ought to benefit at the expense of an other, unless the public good demands it. Here there cafl be no countervailing benefit to the public, because in practice tbe scheme can never possibly be trade self- supporting'. Suppose Sir John imported one ship-lead as a trial, where is he going to plant them, out ? Of first-class land there never was much in this colony, and what was is sot the ten millions gasping for the plough not withstanding. Second class is being absorb ed by selection, and will soon be gone;. Third may be represented by numerous sour and barren sand plains, soil and sub soil alike worthless, and the residue rocky* and gravel ridges, garnished with the pret ty heart-leaf. Should he attempt to plant the new arrival side by side with present Rerttars on spnnnd olass thpn a. hue and r.rv will be got up, and ' no rent ' made the. order of the day all round. Third and fourth may be available, but how are they to be supported ? Over the greater part of their heritage, a billy-goat would starve upon 20 acres. It is positirely childish to talk of the wonders labor will effect upon such land. What wonders have been achiev ed by a lavish and well-directed expenditure of money upon Mr. Powell's estate near Albany? Four-fifths' of? the land in the South-west has neither body nor consistency and ho capital which employs labor, aided by all the blatant ' blow ' of itinerant demagogues/will ever give it one. Possibly. Sir John expects his raw recruits to be fed bytheiavens, as the Prophet was of old, or will they simply go to the State store for supplies ? This scheme will, moreover, require an experienced kind cf machinery. In practice it must have a staff of land showers, classifiers, surveyors, improve ment valuers and bailiffs. Thirty thousand will hardly make a decent start, and then arises, like Hamlet's ghost, the vital ques tion — where is the cash to come from ? Thorn mnv Via crnaen ati +)ia Ria/ilrixTArui ami possibly not a few even in the Assembly, but rone will be found in financial circles at home. On the arrival of a batch of emi grants their expense is over, and they at once become self-supporting; but it is after the arrival of Sir Jobn's 'awkward squad ' the drain begins. They are, I understand, to have the land for nothing, and be after wards assisted to live upon it, at the ex pense of everybody else ! I have known many wild schemes profeEsedly for the amelioration of the toiling masses, during the last threescore years and ten, from poor Fergus O'Connor's ' seven points in the charter ' down, but this one is the most extraordinary and bangs and overtops the let. Your correspondent complains that the Nelson member did not also ' try' for a railway 'to penetrate the Upper Black wood,' a mere ' epur,' which will not look at axle grease, and has he any conception of the approximate cott of ' connecting Boyanup with the G.S.R ? The distance, from 120 to 150 miles, at say £1,200 per mile, totals something like £150,000 and whatever route it can take would not serve three dozen settlers ; acd again starts up the ever-n earring quedti tn, who is to fork out the needful ? The day will come when such a line must be built, but that day has not arrived ; and if the settlors interested are wise, they will not insist upon the im possible, but request what is both prssible and urgent, viz , the construction of good main mads, which population will follow, and thus) pave the way and lay the founda tion, sure and certain, of the future railway. It is all very well for your correspondent to b-j persuade;! thut ' Nothing hinders the Blackwood but the want of a lailway.' His opinion, I am afraid, wont go far to persuado others, and if confident that 4 or 5,000 would be settled along ' tbe line within 5 years ' he surely emp oys me rerm as a noun, not as an adveib. What great Sittlement, may I a, k, has taken place within the last five years along the fringe of the G S., which is the pink of the land in the South-West ? Nor was it necessary to build railways in the Eastern Colonies to induce settlement. This was an accomplished fact years before branch railways were ever thought of ; but their construction was proceeded by a net work of excellent roads, that paved the way and acted as thtir precunor. It was the soil that attracted population there. It is the soil that repels population here *! It is the opinion of some that Sir James moves behind the times and ' hastens slow ly,' but commend mo to caution, which means safety. There is too much heedless ' go 'and tco lttle of the salutary brake in all the colonies,and they are just beginning to find it out. It was thought at the timo tliL.the made a nrstake— in fact selfish motives were attributed to him— in vigor ously oppoting tl.e Hordein proposals and railway concessions; but the intel ligent and thoughtful public of the dny think otherwise. A greater blunder, fraught with more lasting injury to this co'ony, was nevsr made than the contract the Gov ernment fixed up with the Land Company. The latter have made a catspaw ot the former throughout, now hold the frnmn. card, and can afford to play a 'wailing game ' until their grand property is furth er improved, while Government raBp on second fiddle for their amusement. Why selection upon the remaining thiee-fourths of the belt, still owned by the Government, has been all but a failure, it that strangers got hold of the impression— and a correct one— that th-$ Company held all the land within the entire belt worth having. The same may be said of the land Corporation poison leasts, covering over one million acrtP. This fine territory the patriotic Government of the day, simp'y handed over to the Company. If there ever was a quid pro quo, the former never reached the cof fers of the State. The conditions are all bunku-n, they commaud the country through which their lease* run, and can barter and traffic with them ad libitum. Sir James consistently and intelligently op posed tk's mal-admini»tration in dealing with the public es»a'e. No one can blame the G.S.R. Co for making a good bargain, and, be it recorded to their honour, they have faithfully and well leieemed their obligations ; but this does Dot exonerate the Government. For aifht it cared, or took precautions to pre vent, that Company might have turned out a counterpart of the ' Midland,' and thus in addition to evils inherent in, and in separable from the vicious lan^-grant sys tem might like that huge millstone, have hung round the neck of Ihe colony for half a century to come. For these and other pub ic services rendered to the colony Sir James Lee-Steere, in his capacity as num. bcr tor the Nelson, has wellearned ihe thanks of the present generation ai.d grati tu ie of pest.-rity —Yours, etc , JAMES SCOTT The Mullidup, Oct. 28, 1892. 