SPORT AND PLAT. By " Olympus." At the March meeting of the English Rugby Union the Honorary Secretary, Mr. George Howland Hill, stated that the International Board were at present engaged revising the code of laws governing that body, and which have been in operation for the past 20 years. Springing, as our Australian game did, from Rugby football, the same laws that define a Professional Footballer or a Honorary Secretary for them should hold good with us. And in this connection 1 would beg to direct your attention that the Rugby Union conditions nominate as follows:— 1\. Professionalism is illegal. 2\. A professional is (a) Any player who shall receive from his club, or any member of it, any money consideration whatever, actual or prospective, for services rendered to the club of which he is a member. [Note.—This subsection is to include any money consideration paid or given to any member, whether as Sec retary,'Treasurer, or other Officer of the Club, or for work or labour of any sort done on or about the ground, or in connection with the club's affairs.] (c) Any player who receives any compensation for loss of time from his club, or from any member of it. [Note.—This clause shall not debar a club from insuring its playing members against accidents in a recognised Accident Insurance Company.] (rt) Any player trained ai ike club's expense or the expense of any member of the club. (c) Any player who transfers his services from one club to another on the consideration of any contract, engagement or promise on the part of a club, or of any member of that club to find lnni employment. (/) Any player who receives from his club, or any member of it, any sum in excess of the amount actually disbursed by him on account of hotel and travelling expenses incurred in connection with the club's alfairs. Now, if the Victorian Football Association are really so desirous as they advertise themselves as being to eradicate Professionalism from Football in this colony, why don't they formulate some law as drastic as subsection (d) in Clause 2 of the above—the subsection which I have italicised ? In the Melbourne Sportsnnn of 31st May there appears a very excellent portrait of Mr. Theophilus S. Marshall, the Secretary of the V.F.A., together with some highly eulogistic letterpress, which that gentleman has fully and deservedly earned. At the same time the inditer thereof has fallen into error when he states that Mr. Marshall captained the Carlton Football Club until Jack Conway- assumed command. Mr. Marshall may have been appointed captain in some odd match, when the regular captain was away ; but prior to Jack Conway assuming command the recognised captains of the Carlton Football Club were:—Ben. James, Henry Chadwick, Robert Richardson, James Byrne, James lioran, Frank Goodall, Dave Adamsou, Robert M'Farland, Frank Hillsden,J. C. Duncan, Thomas P. Power, Lant.v" O'Brien and Barry Guy. [Mem.—Iu those days the captain was elected before each match—not for the season.] Similarly the statement that Mr. Marshall was the prime mover in deciding the premiership by points is totally incorrect, as the 'system was advocated in these columns nearly twelve months before M r. Marshall took up the idea, with the difference of substituting Possible Proportional Points for Actual Points Obtained. TnEUE were three groat tussles on Saturday, each of which threatened to have an important hearingon the question of the Football Premiership for the season 1 S<!2. Proviottsto theirdecisinn Geelong, Carlton and Esseudon had achieved their possible quantum of jmints, whilst Melbourne w ere a fraction behind tho trio. Therefore the greatest excitement prevailed as to the result of the day's play ; those individuals who love football without having any special predilection for OIK; particular club (a very small minority. 1 must admit) earnestly hoping that the three topsawvers might experience a fall, so that honours might still be easy amongst the first half-dozen chilis on the list. Well, these folk certainly didn't get their full wish i but things panned out pretty well, alter all: the victory of the Saiuts over Geelong, and the gallant struggle which eventuated in a drawbetween Melbourne and Essendon, causing matters to be in an extremely mixed state up to tin; present Of course the Dark Bines at present rule the roost, and as they have an oil-day next Snturday tiieir legions ol supporters will have the pleasure of seeing them huld the pride of place until the lKth of June, when they will have to account for the Geelong lads on tin- Melbourne Cricket Ground. Granting that they get well over that trystthen will have another "oil-day" on tlie2.)th, which has been set apart for tile Intercolonial Malch — Victoria v. South Australia : but on the first Saturday in July the real t.ug-of-war will event nate. when they meet Essendou on tho East Melbourne Cricket Ground, the return match between them being fixed for the (ith of August. Carlton and St. Kilda only meet once during the season.on the 16th July, whilst the old original combatants— Carlton and Melbourne—are also held down to a solitary battle on the 20th of August. To refer to .Saturday's matches, I had fully made up mind to see the first half of the Melbourne and Essendon match, and then stroll over 1o the Melbourne Cricket Ground, where the meeting of two such "Friendly" Powers as Carlton and Fitzroy was sure to be productive of some stalwart piny. But Lord love you, when the first half had expired <.n the Hast ground 1 couldn't possibly iind it in my heart to leave such an interesting struggle : all the more so as that Blackboard so thoughtfully placed on the outside wall of the pavilion by Secretary Manning conveyed (amongst a mass of other interesting sporting information) the fact that Carlton had at that time an advantage of goals to 1. And so I stopped where 1 was, and felt jolly well pleased afterwards that 1 had doue so. For it was a magnificent struggle, on the, part of the Reds, who had most, decidedly all the worst of the luck. Mind you, the Essendon boys didn't play up to premiership form by a long way, and another thing, they seemed to be most wofully out of their places ou occasions; but for all that they cut out the running at a tremendous bat; whilst tin.* goal-kicking powers displayed by Thurgood was something incredible. Essendon dashed nil' with the lead, Christian negotiating the first goal, whilst Wilmott added the second; Harry Graham scoring for Melbourne, and Hallett hitting t lie post. That was during the first quarter. In the second Harry Graham brought one <5ut of the hox and equalised matters; the tally standing when the teams adjourned at half-time at 2 goals 4 behiuds each. Kicking towards the railway at the start, oft' of the second half, the Premiers quickly had the Reds ill trouble, which was augmented when Thurgood hooted a terrible " roost." which sailed airily between the posts amidst deafening applause, which was repeated a few minutes afterwards as he caused the two flags to be waved again. Nothing daunted, the Melbourne men rallied, and after some good give-and-take work Wiseman secured their tliird goal for them. This was only a flash in the pan, though, as Essendou bore down again, and both Hall and Christian carried the Melbourne citadel; the scores as the fourth quarter was started being—Essendon, C goals 7 behiuds ; Melbourne, 3 goals •"> bebinils. No sooner was the ball bouueed,' however, than the latter made play, and to such effect that J. Graham had a chance of distinguishing himself, of which he duly availed. Bounced again, and tho same tactics were resorted to, with the resul t that Harry G rahain had a shot, which unfortunately struck the post. Then a peculiar decision of Trait's made all the difference, as through it the ball was brought into Melbourne territory, where Hall secured it and negotiated a goal. Seven goals to four, and only about a quarter of an hour left to play in,certninly looked any odds on Essendon ; but the reverse proved to be the ease, as their opponents never let thein get the ghost of a show afterwards; but kept pegging away in such a stylo at their stronghold that when Wilson had potted another and Harry Graham two more for them, it was simply a question of time as to the contest resulting in a defeat for Ussendon. Once, indeed. Wilson had a possible chance, but only a behind resulted; and then the bell tinkled forth, and amidst a scene of intense enthusiasm a draw was announced, with tho board showing 7 goals 8 behiuds for Melbourne and 1 goals 7 behinds for Essendou. Vautin played a wonderfully good game for Essendon, whilst Forbes (though handicapped with a " gammy " leg). Parsons, Watson, Odicer, Lauiont, Mouritz, Hall. Ball, Fin lay, Julien, hurgood, Wilmott and Christian caught my eye ost prominently of the others. It would be nvidious to select any of the Melbourne team for pecial distinction, their all-round play towards he finish being of such a determined character hat one hadn't possibly time to note one excellent it of play until it was paralleled, if not eclipsed. by some other red-legged covey; Howes, t.he'two Grahams, Wiseman, Fry, Wilson, Lewis, Christie, Fox, Aitken, Healey and Hallett proving as lithe and active as cats. The goal-kickers were —For Melbourne: 13, Graham (3), Wiseman, Wilson, Howes and J. Graham, For Essendon: Christian (2), Thurgood (2), Hall (2) and Wilmott. J..T. Trait officiated as central umpire; but he was not at his best by any manner of means. In fact. I never remember to have witnessed the " Prince " so much off before. Both sides suffered in consequence, albeit the balance was decidedly against Melbourne. Strange to say, the attendance on the East Melbourne Ground was viyy lhea^ie •, but at Melbourne it was quite! tliC j "Carlton versus Fitzroy. on the ^M"elbourue Crii3/et\ Ground, usually eventu^t^s iy, a^ixifltpiLand^lij^ contest; in fact, last season ^ i ififS 4ml}', occasion ou which the Maroon's worsted the DarlfTWues (by 3 goals to 1), albeit they jnet'tlite'e^imes altogether. So that-those people," who preferred the special contest, under notice had good grounds for so doing, and were not disappointed. Carlton were the fiist to get to work,the services of W. and Con Buckley being quickly called into requisition to stave off an attack on the part of Tumor and G. Williams. Then Currie, Ryan and Banks became conspicuous, the ball eventually falling into Moorehouse's possession, who " jiggered" it over to Roberts. A kick-up in front found Aitken ready to receive the former and transfer it to Spudding, who scored No. 1 for Carlton. Elated with their success, the bulldogs worried in again, but found Con. Buckley and Clift ready to receive the spheroid and whang it back again, which gave Alexander the Gieat (what 'h in n name ?) a chalice to dash down the wing, assisted by Peter Williams. At this stage Banks, Moiling, Patterson and Cleary put in some rattling good work on behalf of Fitzroy; but unavailingly, as some splendidly executed concerted play between Alexander, Moorhouse, Turner, Huberts, Aitken and Spedding resulted in the last-named netting another goal. When the quarter bell rang Carlton had added two behiuds to their score, whilst Fitzroy had failed to gain even a minor point. Fitzroy quite held their own during the second quarter; but although they succeeded in gaining ."> behiuds they were only rewarded with 1 goal, achieved by Grace Carlton were no more fortunate ill the matter of goals, Geordie Williams being their operating artist: halt-time arriving with tho scores as follows:—Carlton, H goals I- behiuds; Fitzroy, 1 goal o behiuds, On rc- comniencing hostilities the Maroons assumed the aggressive; and then it was that the immense strength of the Carlton bucks was displayed. Time af'tertimedid Melling, Clift, M'Galliu, M'lnernev, Musgrove, Con. Buckley, Kerrigan, M'Michael, Banks and Cleary strive to turu the adverse fortunes of the day. and with a dash that threatened to prove irresistible would swoop onwards to the Carlton goal. But when success was almost within their grasp—that is to say, after they had withstood the efforts of Simpson, Strickland, Currie, Roberts, Peter Williams aud Spedding—they would find such veritable Trojans as MO wan, Sutton, Coulson, Alexander and Walton ready to receive thein, and with such effect as to totally change the whole aspect of affairs. At three-quarter time Fitzroy bad 2 goals 0 behinds to Carlton's H goals N behinds, aud immediately afterwards Geddes brought down the Stand by kicking another goal for Carlton. With this the Dark- Blues appeared to rest content, simply allowing their backs to bear the burden of the rest of the fray. In consequence, Melling and M'lnerney eaoh added a behind, and Grace had an opportunity of putting up his second goal. But the Maroons failed to get any " turrarder"; victory ultimately remaining with Carlton by 4 goals '.I behiuds to goals N behiuds. St. Kilda have been disporting themselves in such an exceedingly creditable manner of late that theiv supporters were not without hope that the Pivotonians might " catch a korfdrop " (as the saymg goes) even although the pippins had to journey to Corio-li. Aud. as the sequel proved, their hopes were destined to culminate, as the Saints administered the first lambasting of the season to the Geelong boys ; by only one goal, certainly, but by an array of behinds that conclusively prove the Geelong defenders must have had a very healthy time of it. The two teams scored a goal each in every one of the first three quarters; but in the concluding one M'Donald succeeded in doing the trick, and sent the Saints home as jolly as sandboys. They tell me Alt' Smith (who had both legs bandaged up) played a clinking good game tor St. Kilda ; but there 4 goals 17 behiuds to 3 goals 7 behinds against such a team as Geelong (even although the latter had three or four real good men away) speaks volumes for the general play of the victors all round. The goal-kickers were:—For St. Kilda: Harper, Alf Smith, J. Robertson and M'Donald. Geelong : Mitchell, Houston and Joe M'Slane. The Footecray ground was well patronised, the locals sttongly favouring their team's prospects agaiust Williamstown. Not without good reason, either, as, thauks to Kendall (2), O'Halloran and Pender, the representatives of Stoneapolis routed the lads from tho fishing village by <1- goals 0 behinds to 1 goal (M'Cubbin) 5 behinds. It is with the more satisfaction I chronicle the successes of the Footscray twenty this year because 1 have been informed on unimpeachable authority that, taking them all round, they are as manly and decent a set of young fellows as ever put toe to ball. North Mel«oui£NK managed to put a couple of points to their credit by making a draw against South Melbourne; and the very fact that they did make a draw against the Southerners emphasises the idea that the Northerners should be higher up on the list than they stand at present. There's one thing to be urged oil their behalf, and that is—they have certainly flown at the very highest game this season, Essendon, Melbourne, Geelong, Carlton and South Melbourne having been tackled iu turu. So that things may not prove exactly what they seem (at present) with North Melbourne. Saturday's result was as follows;—South Melbourne, 2 goals 15 behinds|; North Melbourne, 2 goals 5 behinds. Gibson and Pui dy secured the goals on behalf of the South, and Smith and Carroll for the North. Meeting them on their own vantage ground Richmond succeeded in putting Collingwood through by 4 goals 14 behinds to 3 goals 3 behinds; M'ljaverty, Crowley, Elder and Dickens notching for the yellow and black, whilst Anderson (2) and Smith responded on behalf of the black aud white. Geelono's defeat on Saturday brings them down third, whilst Carlton's victory places them indisputably top, the following being the Name of Club. ^nrlton Fssendon Geplootr -Melbourne fouth ilelLolirne St, Kilila Foot-scmy ... ] Port Melbourne To llngwood ... I Richmond North Melbourne Witlianisrown... 121 I : 4(1 l(i 1 h lio <>n i i ]H• •cm :i a o o | -i i ai a i i« ! is! :i-c(0 2-2 1 ( su ! k , IK :is I 'Jt I 4 ' l i 12 : 20 41 ! 21 PoitT Melbourne and South Ballarat. met on the Eastern Oval, Ballarat, Port Melbourne proving victorious by ."> goals IS behinds to the locals' 3 goals 4 behinds. Eraser (3), Maddocks aud Johnson shot straight for Port Melbourne: Cleary (2) and Hart returning tit-for-tat on behalf of South Ballarat. In South Australia South Adelaide beat Adelaide by 7 goals 13 behinds to three behinds. Pert Adelaide amassed lfi goals ti behinds to Menindie's 5 goals. Tub friends of Pat. Harper (of the St. Kilda Football Club), and their name is Legion, will regret to learn that, during the progress of the football match, St. Kilda t'. Geelong, on Saturday afternoon he sustained a very severe accident which precluded his taking further part in the game, the Saints playing with 1!) men the last quarter. When he was about to pick up the ball Reid, of the Geelong team, made a kick at it, but missing the leather struck Harper's left hand with his boot. The blow was of a violent character, Harper's hand being split open from the fingers to the fleshy part of the thumb. The injury necessitated the immediate retirement of the player from the arena, and the very painful wound was afterwards dressed by Dr. Marwood, of Kyriestreet, who was a spectator at the match. Tue following are the results of the Victorian Junior Football Association matches played last Saturday:— A BectiOD.—South St. Eilda v. M&rylebonp;, MarbleboDe. 4 goale to 2 gpals. Camberwell v. Napier Impeiisl, Camberwel), 3 goals to Q goale. Brunswick v. South Melbourne Junior?, Brunswick, walk-over. Fitzroy Juniors v. Edlington, Fiizroy Juniors, 5 goals to 1 goa 1 . Cobnrg v. Ulifton, Coburg. 4 goals tol goal. 31 Secticn.~Carlton Juniors v. North-park,North-park 4 goals to 2 goals. Kssendnn District v. Austral, Essen, non District, 4 coals to 3 goals. Brighton v. Albion United, Albion United, 0 goals to 4 goals. Nor lb \V 11 - liamstowD v. Paikside, North Williamstown, walk-over. UDiOD Jack V. Rainbow, ltainbow, 2 goals to 1 goal. POSITIONS OP CLUBS UP TO AND INCLUSIVE OF 4TH JUNE. Name of Club A Suction. Fitzroy Jumois Maryleboco ... Camberwell... Napier Imperial Brunswick ... Coburg Rdlington ... Clifton South St. Kilda B Section. N. Willi" mstown Albion UDited Nortb-park ... Union jack ... AuBtrai EsBendon District Kainbow Carltoa .Juniors . 33riphton ... -.'Kit >1111 i.™ n 1 0(1 At last and at long run the Ormond have become the possessors of that much-coveted trophy, Boyle and Scotfs Cup, they having succeeded in routing the Hawkshurn boys by four wickets. The scores were:—Ornioud,' lili aud six for 1)7 ; Hawkshurn, 144 and 113. The Cup, therefore, goes to Ormond, the Mailer trophy to Hawksburn, theTilley trophy to Capulet, and the fourth trophy to Brunswick. Vale the Boyle and Scott's Cup, that has done so much service for cricket. 