Round the Camp Fire AT a neighboring town a day's racing had taken place, and the boys, of course, had a day's spell and a "cut in," all returning to camp at night but not non compomentis — if we except "the doctor," who fortunately hav- ing backed the "Flying Doe" for the Fare- well had pulled off a fiver. The hawker, who bad gone on before and had pitchcd his tent in the village joined tbe party, and as he did not come empty-handed he was voted a jolly good fellow, although perhaps the " Mountain Dew" did not taste so sweetly as it did a week before, when it was imbibed in tbe Tiddlywink scrub. Tbe day's racing formed the topic of conversation, and tbe bawker, who seemed filled to the brim with stories of every imaginable description and upon every imaginable subject, said be got properly sold once over a "dream," and he would tell them about it. He would call it "THE SAINT'S" DREAM. Many years ago now, when I was a gay young subaltern in a marching regiment, we were stationed at tbe town of Kilballysmasb, in tbe province of Ulster. The place was not the liveliest in tbe world, and amusements, properly so-called, there were none, particu larly in the summer. In tbe winter there was plenty of banting of a rough sort to be done, but once that was over the only re sources left to us were the eating of heavy dinners and the playing of half- crown whist. Under these circumstances it may be imag ined what lively interest we took in the Lionstown Races, which were held about twenty-five miles from Kilballysmasb. They were fixed for the end of April, and, for a month or so beforehand little else was spoken of in the meBS-room and other apartments set apart for officers in the miserable den which did duty for barracks. Every man amongst us bad a moral certainty for tbe big race, and the ensigns, to a man, became gloomy and morose by reason of the possession of Etable secrets. There was, however, one exception. This was a youngster named M ait land, who had joined just before we were despatched to Kilballysmash, and who not only refused to hunt, and would not look at a card, but com mitted the unpardonable sin of shirking his liquor. It need scarcely be said that he bad a rough time of ii, all soTts of tricks being played on him ; but, after showing an unex pected developments of biceps in ejecting through a door-panel an intruder who had made his way into bis bedroom, he was left to roam about by himself, which he did day after day with much apparent satisfaction. It would be difficult to say now how it came about, but after a time be and I became on pretty good terms, and used to sit for hours together talking about current litera ture, for which he had a ladylike kind of taste that was amusing. About Lionstown or rasing " The Paint," as we had dubbed him, never uttered a word, and I was some what taken aback when one morning, about a week before tbe races, he came to my room, and, with much apparent confusion, inquired whose colours yellow and black were. "Why, Moriarty's you young duffer," I replied ; " but why do you ask such a ques tion ?" " Well, you see," he answered, "the fact is, there's been so much talk about this racing that I can't get it out of my head. As I've never seen a race do you think the chief would let me go to Lionstown if I asked bim?" "You can easily satisfy yourself on that bead," was my rejoinder, "though if you take my advice yon'll let the whole tbing alone. What do you waut to go racing for you've got no tastes in that direction ?" However, be had his own way, and formed one of a party of six who Btarted out for Iiionstown the day before the races. We bad secured beds and ordered dinner at tbe Enniekillen Arms, and after a very cheerful meal were proceeding downstairs to the coffee room-which bad been converted for the occasion into a kind of local Tattersall's when " The Saint" inquired in a low voice whether I eould spare him five minutes. Being anxious to get at the reason for his sudden liking of the Turf I readily assented, and as soon as our comrades had left the room he began abruptly "Do yon believe in dreams, old fellow? Because such a queer thing happened to me a week ago. I dreamt I was standing in tbe middle of a crowd, half-way donn a flight of wooden steps, and in front of me stretched a great open plain. All at once there came a rush of horses, some half-dozen or so, and two of them came away from the others. I could see tbe jackets of their riders, their whips and spurs, just as plainly as I see you now, and the crowd roared the name of some horse as winner which I caught at the time^ but can't for the life of me remember, couldn't distinguish tbe colors of the rider of the second borse, but tbe winner wore a yellow jacket and black cap, and I'm sure it was the great race, the Lionstown Handicap, t that I saw. Now, what do you think?" Well, it was no easy matter to say what I ,hink. In these days of scientific re 1, nobody bplieves in dreams or ghosts i of that sort; but, having reason to ; Maitland bad spoken tbe truth Said he'd never been on a racecourse . I couldn't help being struck with |it ion of tbe wooden stairs which at [ duty as Grand Stand at Lions< kinly very curious, Saint," I re fer a pause; " and, at any Tate, you an interest in the race; but ' and let's see what they're doing And linking my arm within rhim towards tbe coffee-room, not » prolong the conversation. ; from the odour of the apartment stronger than coffee was the pre ild, and when one's eyes became aed to tbe smoke-laden atmosphere it be seen that half tbe leading Turf of the country were in tbe room. Speculation on tbe Lionstown Handicap was tife, and hearing a gentleman with stentorian lungs and no perceptible linen offer to lay six to one bar one, and take four " ponies" be named tbe winner, I inquired of my next door neighbor, a well-known gentleman rider, which was the animal they were barring. << Tbe Powler, a west-country horse," was the civil reply. " He's won a good stake out there, and as he's got no penalty they fancy he'll pull through here. By Birdcatcber, out of a Harkaway mare, he's bred to stay on both sides, and he's good-looking enougn for anything." Gazelle, a well-known performer, and an exceptionally smart mare, was next in re quest, and there was also some money for Drum Major, the property of a sporting soldier, and a seasoned old chaser called Dis turbance, tbe property of tbe veteran Mori arty. Against tbe last-named, however, tbe faces of the knowing divisions were very much Bet. " Don't tell me," remarked a dapper little man near me-evidently considered an authority ; " Disturbance can't go faBt enough to keep himself warm. He can jump, but that's about all he can do. I wouldn't take a thousand to two about bim 1" I noticed "The Saint's" jaw drop as he heard this remark, and observed that a smart little, leather-bound book which he held in his hand, was shoved violently into bis pocket, after which he turned on his beel, and made bis way to tbe door. I lit another cigaT, and, having obtained a tumbler of some compound in which spirits of wine played a prominent part, surrendered myself to tbe pleasures of my surroundings, eventually retiring to rest with a flushed face and somewhat uneven gait, having accepted, in tbe meantime, a bet of 100 to 25 about Tbe Fowler. Next morning I came down to an indiffer ent breakfast in anything but a pleasant state of mind, which will account for my con duct to poor Maitland, who bad evidently something to communicate, but upon whom I " jumped" with a promptitude which shut bim up as if he had been shot. Tbe drive to the course, and a brandy-and soda or two en route, improved me a little, and by tbe time I had taken up a position on tbe Stand I had quite recovered my equani mity. Tbe bpcning event was of pnrely local interest, and with the second item on the card a certainty for the favorite, tbe way was soon cleared for the Lionstown Handicap. Tbe Fowler, I found, was still favorite, but, heariDg a bystander offer 50 to 10 against Moriarty's pair, I ran my eye down the list and noticed-what had previously escaped me-that in addition to Disturbance, tbe owner of tbe yellow and black bat, another animal engaged, a fonr-year-old called Cove nater. There was not much trouble in finding Tbe Fowler in the saddling enclosure. He was surrounded by a considerable crowd, and, after taking stock of bis good looks and the perfection of bis condition, I withdrew the vote of censure I had mentally passed on myself for having backed him so hastily. As I was looking at tbe horse I felt myself touched on the shoulder, and " Tbe Saint," in rather a plaintive voice, asked me to accompany bim a moment. " I want you to have a look at Covenanter -Moriarty's other horse, you know," be said ; " he's just over there." And walking to tbe back of the stand we found tbe object of his solicitation, surronnded by a small group which included two or three well known Turfites. I was astonished when I set eyes on the horse, for I bad never seen such a four-year-old, and I fancy my looks must have told something to Maitland, who was watching my face eagerly. "Well, what do you think of bim?" he inquired. " He's a tremendous horse for a four-year old. I never saw one like it," was tbe reply; " bat he hardly gives one the idea of being a galloper." " Gallop is it}" put in a bystander. " Why, he can beat old Distabance easy at even weights. You'll see whether he can gallop when he's extended. He'll leave that West country horse they talk so much about fields behind." " Wbo rides him " I inquired. " Can't yer see ?" was the reply. And, true enough, within a couple of yards of us stood tbe eldest of tbe brothers Fox, a famiiy known throughout England and Ireland as without superiors over a country. " But I thought he was to ride Disturb ance?" I remarked somewhat testily. "So did a lot of others," replied my new acquaintance, drily. " Come along, Saint, let's see liow they bet," I said, moving away from tbe group, and not feeling on tbe best of terms with myself. " Do you think I've done right ?" inquired my companion, as we walked back to the Stand. "I couldn't back Disturbance after what they said in the coffee- room last night, so I've put twenty-five pounds on Cove nanter, 12 to 1. Do you think he'll win ?" I am afraid I did not receive this com munication very cheerfully. I was thinking how little it would suit me to lose my money over The Fowler, and my good temper was not increased by tbe information imparted by a friend whom we passed to the effect that they were baoking Moriarty's second string like mad, and tbat The Fowler had gone out 6 to 1. After some trouble " The Saint" and my self managed to squeeze ourselves into the middle of tbe Stand, just in time to see tbe thirteen runners despatched on their jour ney. Over the first fence they all went with out a mistake, and, beyond a fall and a refusal, which relieved the field of a couple of rank outsiders, who might just as well have stopped at home for any chance they possessed, no casuality occurred until they came to the brook. Into thin Drum Major fell with a splash, which must have delighted the country people, who thronged round the obstacle, and Disturbance, evidently with forcing orders, was sent to the front. The Fowler and Covenanter lay side by side, the latter fighting for his head, and being evi dently a bit of a handful for his rider. A mile from home the leader's bolt was shot, and Tbe Fowler, rushing through his bones, assumed the command, a mare called Flighty lying second, Gazelle third, and Covenanter, the only other in the race with any prospect of success. At the last fence but one Flighty blundered, and The Fowler was quickly three lengths in front, and, to all appearances, winning in a canter. But tbe Covenanter was a bit too good for him, and won on tbe post by a bare nose. " The SBint" went quite "off his onion," while I felt ready to smash bim, bnt what was (he use of tbat ? Black and Bed Inks, pencils, pens and holders at tbe Champion. Office. 