Jteffmt. Why Did Ho Love Her? CHAPTER XXX (Continued). " I am not informed of his opinion," re' plied Mrs. Bcrkely, " but we can hope on my child. Can you not return with mo t( the Vale. All the members of my family are anxious to welcome you among us. You can come or send every day to learn how Claude progresses, and we will do all in our power to render you contented." " You are too good to mc; but I will prove to you how Ecnsiblc I ara of the kindness extended to me at this time, when I need it. But I cannot return with you tonight. It grows late, and I shall have much packing to do." " Cousin Carrie will come for you herself, for she is anxious to hear you from those she is convinced are uufriendly to you. She bade me to say that henceforth you are to look to her, as to an elder sister, for every* thing you need. Iler fortune ample, and tho friendship she has long cherished for Claude gives her the right to assume Iho place ho has so long filled toward you." Isola had suspcctcd tho interest with which Miss Carlclon regarded Fontaine, and sho comprehended that to extend kind* ness to the orphan he had loved as his child would be a solace to her heart. Sho replied to this offer with so much feeling that Mrs. Eerkcly felt more tenderly toward her than she had done before. After a long conversation their plan* were settled, and the elder lady arose to leavo. Dr: Sinclair had forbidden all access to his patient, who was coniincd to tho two rooms he had occupied. So Mrs. B«rkely was compelled to leave the house without seeing Fontaine. Ca?sar nud Ag gy watch ed over their aster, who was never violent with them. Isola had the grief of learning from them that her name was never mentioned by him; that no wish to see her again passed his lijjs. When the carriage containing her old friend drove away, Isola ascended to her own room, with a feeling o£ desolation in her heart at the thought of leaving the house which find so long, been a happy home to her. When l9ola rode into the avenue on which most of the cabins vera built, and informed them that she liad come to bid them farewell before leaving La Fontaine for another home, their expri ssions of regret and attachment affected her. Escaping from the blessings that were showered on her Bhe rode back to the blouse, to fiud the Senora awaiting her leturn on tbe piazza with an expressioa of anger on her, face. As Isola asccui'cd the steps, she addressed her; "You have taken a strange liberty in ordering that horse to be sadd.led for yourself, Miss—I baldly know will it to call you, since you have no light to t)be namo you have so long borne. Selim is now the property of my niece, and I have ordered that it shall bo kept for her exclltrsa ve use." By this time iBola had bo come accustomed to the insolent spei»ben which were addressed to her by this ijnperiouB woman, and sho replied: "I no longer claim sjjything here, ma* dam; but Savella woul d not object to my riding, for the last time, the horse which has been so long considered as my owp. Cease your insults, for to-morrow. I Ioave the home which hag eo long sheltered me, 3riven from it'by your uncivil treatment/' • " Leave La Fo-fltaine 1 Where will yon g 0 ?" " I have promised Mrs. Berkely to take apmy abode nt the Yale. Since I am banished from «die presence of my father, and treated as a menial in his house, now he is unable to protect me, I shall go to tho friond whe ,se heart and home are open to me." " To df ipend on her, I suppose," she replied; " with such a lady as you are, anything w ill be better than working for- your living, though I'll wager anything those yon lawfully belong to have to work hard ; eno' igh tor theirs." ' £q this vulgar rudeness Isola deigned no r.«ply. She went up to her apartment,, to uidulge her repressed emotions in a hearty • >cry. The Senora bad left Savella under the surveillance of Summerton, while she awaited Isola's return, for the purpose of giving her what she called a pieoe of ber mind, for the impudence in ordering Selim without her permission. During all these weeks the strictncss oi her watch ovor her niece had not relaxed, for she dreaded Philip Vane more than ever. She sought Savella's room, in which .Bhe and Summerton were sitting, and wbjs* pered in his ear. The two went out leaving Savella alone, but taking the precauti on to lock the door on the outside, nnsus* pi* oious of the pantomime that was perforin* ing within. When they disappeared, the girl jumpcti up and sprang toward tbe window« handkerchief was waved from it, a thread lowered to a which a letter was fastened, and an answering signal oame from the woodland, to assure her that on tlie watch. When tbe handkerchief Phillip'waa : w&B; wared, Philip waited till nightfall, came to thero8ebUBh belowtho winijowj disengaged. the mis6ire, and placed one tot Savella on the thread, whioh escaped even the sl&noe; of tbe Cerberus who watobed ovor her. While this was passing, the Senora drew Summerton into her apartment, olosed the door, and said: " I have warned you more than once that your potion had failed in its effect. In place of hurting her, it seems to agree with her, and now she is escaping from us alto* gether." After deliberating & moment, Summerton said: " If it were not for the will I would let her go. But Fontaine will not last many months, and we cannot afford to give her ten thousand dollars that lawfully belong to us. Are you suro that she haB drunk tho water? I have made tho infusion stronger than tho first, and it seems strange it no longer affects her." " I have found means to look into her chamber every morning, and the pitcher is always partly emptied. That proves that she uses it; you must have given me something that is harmless." •• As if I should do such a thing l" he retorted. " I believe now that sho pours ou> A portion of the water to mafce you believe •he has drunk it. If such is the case, you must risk everything sooner than permit her to leave this house alive. How can we manage to give ber what will effectually put an end to her claims on any portion of the estate we have fairly earned for our telves f The Senora rapidly said; "Of late 6be often has her tea sent to her own room. To-night she will do so, for she is now crying because she is going away. I can put the powder in tho sugar. She must die before another day dawns safely. Yonr skill can produce the symptoms of some sudden ani fatal disease " Oh, yes. The house has been recently pointed, and she shall die of what painter* call lead colic. I shall say the dclicate state of her health predisposed her to it, and she went to join tbe angels. Nobody can contradict us, for my nostrums leave no trace behind them." : There was something diabolical in the coolness with which this waB ottered. Bemorse was unknown to the speaker, and she who listened was equally hard of heart. She rapidly said: M That will do ; bring me the death warraut, for I am impatient to make all safe bygetting into the dining-room unobserved." Summerton went into his own room, and took a portion of glittering white powder, the deadly qualities of which had been condensed by bis own nefarious skill. A few moments after Senora Boselli descended the staircase, and, after a passing glance into the dining-room to ascertain if it was empty, she glided in. The supper-table was set, and a cup and saucer of tine blue china, which Isola always drank her tea from. To drop the ponder into it was the work of an instant, and the agent of crime glided out as noiselessly as she had entered. She went up to Savella, who was revolving in her brain the means of effecting licr eccnpe from the house, for in his Inst letter Philip liad as&urcd; her everything prepared for a speedy flight, if she could mannge to evade her aunt and join him at their old try sling-place. Supper was announced, and the three gathered around the table. As the Senorn had anticipated, Celia came down with an excusc from her young lady; 6ho had a headache, and wished a cup of tea to be sent up to her. Willi unblushing check the Nemesis prepared the liquid, and placed it on tho waiter. She insisted on sending up cold chicken and biscuit, bb Isola might need them after her headache went off. The plotters talked more than usual, and Savella seemed in better spirits than she had been in of late. Through the servants she had heard of Isola's intendeddepsrture, and when supper was over Bhe 6aid: " I must go up and see Isola *, it seemq hard to be turned out of the home she has so long been taught to look upon as her own,* hut the evil spirits that have gained an entrance in the house determined not to leave it till she goes, so we must let her do so." 41 You can bid her adieu," said Summerton, " but the warning voice which hss spoken to you has forbidden you to claim her as your friend." She shuddeted and changed colour. " She can never be my friend, for I shrink from ber with fear since that dreadful night in Uncle Claude's room. But I'll bid her good-bye. I cannot let her go without that. You need not come with me, Aunt Bianca, fori shall go to Isola's room." Night had fallen; the Senora knew it would he impossible for Savella to escape from the upper storey, and she was per- mitted to ascend alone. Instead ot going to Isola, she noiselessly flitted into her room, threw up tbe window, and drew up a letter from Philip. She pressed it to her lips in ecstasy, and then read it by the firebrands, with the light of love shining from her eyeG. One paragraph she dwelt on, reading it over and over again. " To-night will be very dark. If you can escape from the house, you will find me till midnight at the lower gate which opens on the dell in which we have so often met. I have everything prepared for an immediate flight, and once on horseback beside me you could never be torn from me again. Come to me Savella, for I can no longer live without your presence." " I will, corn," she said; and & f«W burrisd lines were dftthed off. sealsd, and lowered from the window. She then waved the tight in front of the-window &s; a signal to him who she knew was watching for it, closed it, and flitted toward the door of com« munic&tion; between her own obamber and that ot Isola. Her knock received no reply and she went Jn« Isola was sitting beside the fire in her dressing-robe, with her hair falling around her. She seemed to have been brushing it, but her hands had fallen powerless beside her, aud her head was resting against tho high back of the ohair. She was colourless, and seamed to labour for breath in a painful manner. Savella sprang toward Her, exclaiming: " Good heavens 1 Isola, what £an be the matter with you ? You look as if you are dying." " I believe I &m;," she said. "I sent Celia down to her supper, and soon afterward I was seized with so violent a pain in my breast that I could neither call out nor ring thn bell. I must go to bed as quickly as possible, Summon Celia to me." Savella pulled the bell-cord, and in a few moments Celia came in, looking frightened. When she saw tbe condition of her lady she uttered & cry of dismay. " Oh, Miss Savella, what oan have come over her since I went down stairs? She said she felt better after drinking ber tea. What is it, Missy? "I don't know—I feel HI all over. Put me in bed, Celia, and send some one for Dr. Sinclair. The two girls lifted her in their arms and placed her on the bed. On her appearance SaveUs hurried from tbe room, to inform her aunt that Isola was ill; that something must be done for her at once, hoping that this attack might make a diversion in her own favour. Senora Boselli went to see Igola'6 condition herself. She looked npon Jhe face so changed within the last hour. Already the livid.hue of death seemed setting over it, and her senses had' so failed her that she was unconscious of what WBS passing end eround exclaiming: her. Celia was wringing her hands, . "6h,shall I do ? ' Sbe"io1e' nte .io sen1' for de doctor, an* I must 'do 'it now *,! 1 Jor ef he's nothere soon my de&r; Missy will die." " Husb that opro&r;," efttt the Seqore. «It ia useless to send for Dr. Sinclair now or she will be past help before he could get here. Mr. Summerton is as .good a physioian as lie is—ask him to come up and set what can be done for her." Celia left tiie room to seek Summerton, and the Nemesis bent over her victim to ascertain how long life might linger in the frame she.had doomed to destruction. The Senora's breath came in quick gasps, and she became paler than the half-lifeless eing on the couch beside her. Unable to sustain herself she sank on a chair, and sat trembling before the conviction that arose within her mind. Suninieiton obeyed her summons; but when lie entered the chamber and saw tho changed face of his accomplice, he started back in dismay. He asked: " What haB happened to unnerve you so ? Put off (hat look before the girl returns, or it may betray all." "Look there," she said in a whisper. ••What of that?" he asked. "It seems that she is marked with red wine. Come— this wili never do;you look aB if you had se.tii a gliost." 44 So I have," was the reply; " the ghost of the past. The girl must not dio—save her." " Have you lost your senses ?" he asked. " Why should I save her when you doomed her?" She placed her Hps close to his ear, and breathed a few words into it. His fact changed as he listened, but he answered: "Even if this be true, it should but oon* firm you in your purpose." "No—I tell you no! I am a hard woman, I know ; but this crime I dare not perpetrate. I tell you she shall not die. We can otherwiso dispose of her. "But how?" "Leave that to after consideration. Aot now; 1 insist upon it. There is an antidote; UBeall your skill to save her, or—I know what I may do." "Is that a threat?" " Understand it as you please; but my will shall be yours. Refuse, and I will send for Dr. Sinclair. He will comprehed all, and who will be held answerable? I will save myself by criminating you. There— —you know me—to work, for no time is to be lost." Her imperious tones were savngo in their earnestness, and Summerton said: " I will do your bidding ; but if your suspicions are true, she will giTe us much trouble hereafter." I do not act on suspicion, but on a certainty. Hasten for your antidote, for sho is in a dying state now: and if she dies, it will not be well for you." Summerton ordered Celia to bring warm water, and in a few moment's he returned, bringing the antidote to the deadly agent he had used in preparing his subtle messenger of death. The lips of Isola were forced open, and the liquid poured down her throat; her chilling limbs were rubbed with flannels wrung from warm water. Tho Senora seemed nevei to weary in her efforts to restoro her, and Summerton used all his skill to undo what they had done. At length the purple hue left Isola's lips and hands ; her eyes opened, but with a shudder she closcd them as they fell upon the Senora. "What has happened to mo?" she asked. "I feci like one just rescued from death." Aggy rushed to ber side, and said: " An' so you is, my darlin'. Ef it hadn't been for the Snory an' Mr. Summ'rton, you'd a been wid de angels by dis time." " I have been so ill, and they h&ve; aided me?" she murmured. "It seems impossible." " Why 60, Isola?" asked Suuimerton« " Savella found you here nearly insensible, and on examining your condition, I found you were made ill by the poisonoUB effluvia arising from the paint which hss been used on the house. Fortunately I knew what remedies to apply; you have been in danger, and under Providence you owe the preservation of your life to the efforts of Senora Boselli and myself." " Then I must thank you," she feebly said; " but I am too weak to talk much." " Nor is it desirable you should do so. You rauBt now rest," replied Summerton, and after giving some directions to Aggy, who was to remain with her till morning, the two confederates left tho room together. Isola was too much exhausted to think, though she was in a state of bewilderment as to their conduct towards her. When she first felt the paralysis creeping over her, she had mentally accused them of having effected their ends by destroying her, yet to their efforts she ws& assured she owed her life. But she soon fell asleep, and at a late hour of the following morning she was aroused by a commotion in the house in which the name of Savella was repeated. CHAPTER XXXI. THE ELOPEMENT. Savella remained in tbe chamber of Isola till her aunt assured her that the patient would recover. She watched Senora Bo> selli and Summerton with a puzzled expression as they moved around the oouch of the sick girl, and Bhowed earnest solioi* tude for her recovery. Ignorant as she was of their diabolical intention to rid themselves of her, Savella was aware that they cherished a feeling of hostility towards the adopted ehild of Fontaine ; and 6he was at a loss to comprehend the source of the anxiety her aunt mani> fested in her restoration. *When assured that IBola would recover, Savella's thoughts reverted to her own affairs, and she resolved to avail herself of the opportunity her aunt's preoccupation afforded her to make her escape to her lover. She said to her: "lam sleepy. I shall retire, and Celia can stay in my room if you are .unwilling to leave me alone." The girl was nodding in a corner; and Savella.thought she would prove but an indifferent guard. The Senora answered : You can take Celia with you; the door is locked on the outside, and you can go through this room into your own." Savella smiled, for she had found means to slip out unobserved, and turn the key; in spite of her anxiety about Isola, the Senora had uot been oblivious of the safety of her niece. (To be continued.) 