ELECTION SKETCHES. Bv Qrrms IN THE MELBOURNE Argus. In one of a former serio of these sketches I alluded to the freehold in a right-of-way in North Carlton which entitled rae to a vote ia that district. If my memory is not faithless, I described thc tenement as a fruitful source of sorrow through the peculiarities of my tenants. Other people's tenants pay their rent, und do not depart surreptitiously, nor draw scandalous caricatures of their landlord on the walls, nor use thc fencing for fire- wood. Dut all these things minc did with a consistent monotony that was mad- dening. During the land boom I refused an offer of £500 for the place, and though I have repented iu sackcloth and ashes ever siuce, that doesn't mend matters much. It bas been without a tenant for over a year now, for when the last pane of glass was smashed and the last window-cord dragged out, I boarded up the empty spaces and abandoned it to ita fate, Fortunately, it bas acquired the reputation of being haunted, and this preserves it from further spoliation. Sometimes on Sundays, or when I have a half-holiday, I turn the key in thc rusty lock, and realise thc luxury of utter isolation by shutting myself up in the empty chambers for an hour or two. I have never during ray meditations in the ruin met auy other visitor, earthly or otherwise ; bul while I have medi- tated, not the house, but I myself have be- come haunted. " HauntedT Aye, In asocial way. By a body of g-nosts ia dread arny, Ghosts of ghosts that have gone their way, Which I wouldn't revive for a single day For all the wealth of Plutus." The vote which the luckless tenement confers has hitherto been os useless a possession as the house itself. I have never yet bean able to utilise it to secure thc return of a friend or to vindicate political principle that was precious to me. The men who have repre- sented North Carlton ure alien to me in feel- ings and hopes, and among tbe electors 1 feel as much a pariah as my house looks among the trim cottages that surround it. Some- times I have been buoyed up with the hope of a liberal of tlie Bright or Cobden type appear- ing at each successive election, but it invari- ably proved vain and delusive. If I could accept thc situation and avofd Carlton and its meetings during election tune it would be well, but I make myself miserable by haunt- ing the place and sampling the candidates to see if happily I may find a man ofter my own heart. It was in fulfilment of my mournful mission that I found myself the other night occupy- ing a front scat in the Carltou-liall. Tho candidate was described in his bills as a liberal, but I was told that his was the old liberalism-that which was Gladstone's before John Morley and the Home Rulers captured him. The hall was filled from thc door to the platform ; nay, mcu stood in the passage right out to the street, and boys clambered up the iron bars outside the windows, and glared at us with flushed faces and boo hooed to the bitter end. On the platform was much that Carlton boasts of, substance and respectability, and in the body of the hall there were scores of small shopkeepers, who cheered the candidate lustily and loyally. But the Trades- hall is in Lygon-street, sud it was not surprising therefore to note that the place was packed with working men, and that they were as a rule hostile to t he speaker from start to finish. The chairman is fluent and florid, and after he has addressed the meeting for nearly half au hour he concludes thus :-"As it has been well said hy an English authority, ' it matters after all very little what your form of Government is so long as you have honest, honourable, fair, juBt men to administer it.' [Sounds as of a form collapsing in the passage and of heavy bodies falling.] I say-('Oh, cut it short,' and 'Give the candidate a chance.'} Well, I will not detain you any longer -('Hear, hear,' and 'Sit down.')-but I hope you will now give thc oaudidate that fair hearing which can always bc expected in Carlton. (Cheers. J Ah ! I thought that would fetch you. (Laughter. )" The candidate very properly says of him- self, "lam nota speaker. It hos not been my forte,: I have been a worker all my life. (Cheers.) If I had the power of speech of the chairman I would electrify you all." Some bad speakers are amusing, for they lose their tempers when interrupted, and, as thc phrase is, "give themselves away "to their tormentors. Rut the candidate, though bad enough as a speaker, was too sensible and good-tempered to bc funny, and the meeting resented this as a personal wrong and injury. Doggedly and imperturbably ho ticked off tho heads of the speech noted down in the paper which he hold in his left hand, but his progress was that of a heavily-laden ship iu a cross sea. This may be taken ns a sample :-" I have been amongst you for nearly thirty-eight years [at Brunswick]. That is a recommendation, perhaps, because I'll be out of the way sooner to make room for a better man. (Hear, hear.) At present we aro suffering from a very great depression. ('Oh, no;' and laughter.) .... I wish to impress upon you the necessity of every individual doing his level best to do somothing to give employment to tho people al tho present time, and, therefore, I think thc Corporation of Melbourne-(' What about the bollera?) What boilers? If that young man will como up herc, or after I am done, I'll gire him qpite enough about boilers, (?You voted in the connell to send homo for them,' and howls.) I tay the City Council tn providing work for the unemployed is doing remarkably well, (' This isn't politics ; como to Parliament,' and confusion.) Thc Chairman.-He doesn't speak iu the eloquent way that some of you young men could do, but let him speak tn his ow» way. (Boo-hoo, and confusion.) The candidate has ticked off the depression and its causes, has given his views on the fresh taxation that would bc necessary, and has through interruptions numberless und a din that hardly ceased for a moment come at last within sight of port, As the end of bis deliverance and the manner in which it was received were characteristic of thc pro- ceedings as a whole, the following notes may lie of interest:-"The question of the dual vote has been placed by the Premier in the background, and quite right, ('No, no,' and boo- hoo.) At the present time we cannot have any party politics. The House will have to work together, and put this colony hi a proper position. (' You won't be there.') I say that a man that has lived ainougst us and reared up a family is worth a little more consideration than a mere bird of passage. (Boo-hoo, and ' Nothing of thc kind. ) The mau that has a family, I say, and brings it up respectable, is surely worth a little more consideration than thc man with a carpet-bag. (Confusion.)" The Chairman-I was a boy myself, and I can make allowance for you young men. But this is going too far. It is very easy to stand in a crowd and interrupt a candidate with im- punity. But I never saw thc lad who would do that willing to strip in thc ring in a manly way. (Cheers and laughter. ) The Candidate -At the present time every- body has a vote, and I say I am opposed to a man Toting in twenty places. I would confine it to two votes. Give a man a vote for thc place he lives in, and a vote for bis property in auy other constituency. (Cheers, and "One man one vote, or nothing.") I would ask you not to go in for any man because bc says yes to everything you say, and not reject a man because perhaps you don't agree with him in everything. (Ironical laughter.) I do not promise you that. I've a mind of my own. I cannot go as a delegate. I tell you what I think should be done. (Confusion, lasting for a minute or two.) I regret the hail is not large enough. I can see that is partly the cause of the disturbance, for some of the young men at the back can't hear, and they won't let those nearer hear. ("Boo-hoo.") I am not in the best of form myself to-night, as I am suffering from a very bad cold. From what I know of the young men of the colony they can always be reached if you talk common sense to them. You have only to go to a great race meeting in the old country, and then go to Flemington on Cup Day, to see how superior the young men of this colony are. ('* You can't soft-soap us old mau," and laughter.) I am speaking to the young men, and I am the father of some young men, and I think I have a right to speak to them. (" Boo-hoo.") I am pre- pared to answer anything. I must thank you kindly for tho kiud and courteous hearingyou have given me. I am glad to see such an orde rly meeting. (Cheers and laughter.) I am perfectly satisfied, and feel very thankful indeed. (Confusion.) The questions put to tho candidate were those that will be asked with "damnable iteration " at every meeting till the campaign is closed, besides some others which were the happy inspiration of the moment Among the latter class was this, propounded by a small man near a window, " Will the candi- date take some steps to protect the citizens from the nuisance caused by church bella, steam whistles, and gongs ? But the church bells is the worst. ("Hear, hear," and "Shut up.") One gentleman wished to get up a discussion on the following theorem : " What is your opinion on the financial policy of thc present Government, and upon what grounds do you hold it ?" A hoarse clecter yearned for a statement concerning " the unurned écrément," and there was an anxious inquirer for information about "a public Government labour buroo." The fiend who put the usual question concerning cutting down the Governor's salary was put down by this sally from the chairman:-"Ahl the Governor's Balary ! Pm afraid that yoong man has never dined with the Governor. I never met him there," ("Boo-hoo," and laughter.) Even a Carlton meeting gets tired of asking questions, however, and the process was brought to a climax and au end by the incoherent man, who mounted a form, and, waving his arms wildly, mumbled out such disjointed and mystic phrases as " Sal- vation Army ... I tell you . . . nothing of the kind .... imposing on the workiug man." After being pulled down and set up again, and bobbing on the sea of red faces like a cork on the water for a space, he at last condensed his meaning into articulate words, and formulated this moderate request-" What I mean to say is, can you give me a job when I ask you?" (Yells of laughter.) The candidate had called the meeting " orderly," and the gentlemen who moved and seconded thc motion affirming that he was "a fit and proper person " vied with him in bearing testimony to the same effect. But the " orderly " meeting received the compli- ments with sarcastic boo-hoos, and broke up with the proud consciousness that it had maintained thc prestige of the Trades-ball by being as " cussed " and contumacious aud dis- orderly as it was possible for a meeting to be. The principal offenders had been the young men-the rising generation, in which the hopes of every cotnmuuity are supposed to be centred. The poet credits youth with being a spring-time -of wonder and hope, Present promise and wealth of the future Beyond the eyes' aoope." And I go borne feeling that if these young men are representatives of the newer radi- calism, its future is indeed assured and its fitness to rule proclaimed. This reflection comforts me, but the aching void remains the sense that I have still to find the mon after my own heart-thc liberal of the school of Cobden and Bright, and of the Gladstone of the pro-Home Rule era. 