HI.W OUR SUBALTERNS kiRAGGED "THE BABBY." (BY HAROLD VALLINGS, ix Lkod' o W(eeklf NespeiSper ) Týhomas Soult Bibby, of 'Ours,' was a very lengthy," irrationally good-natured, and painfully foolish young man ; over six feet in height, with a fine, well-propor tioned figure, crowned by the dimpled countenance of a veritable baby. His nickname was a natural appendage-a matter of course thing, a sort of inevitable postecrip or corollary to his simple per sonality. Hardly had he set foot in the ante-room on the day he joined when O'Grady, who was good enough to con etitute himself guardian in chief of all the ': ast joined,' and to lick them into shape for us with a self-sacrificing spirit that did him great credit, exclaimed, candidly, ' Bibbyl Great Scott, sir, your name should be Bobby ! ' and ' Babby' it was from that time forth. The name spread through barracks like the roll of a drumn : the chief joked about it with his daugh. tera before the ' Babby' had so much as unpacked a collar; the sentry on the barrack gate took it over from the cor poral of the guard with his orders, and chuckled over it on his boat. By the time the first mess-buglo sounded that evening Thomas Bibby was the established butt of our distinguished 'regiment. So far so good; for next to serving one's fellow man's interest or feeding his vanity, it is beat to make him laugh. Bibby, in fact, managed to do all three, He served our interest by filling up our principal need-that of amuse ment ; titivated our vanity by his supreme inferiority in everything under the sun; and" made us laugh night and day by his infantile simplicity. It seemed that Bibby had a career before him. For two months or so this popularity continued, soaring at length to a danger oue altitude. For at a certain fancy. ball we gave on leaving a hospitable country station, it was the fate of Bibby to become the centropleco of the occasion -to shed an extraordinary lustre upon his corps. It came about thus: We had him dres sed as a veritable infant and carried down the ball-room just as the fun was at its height. A stale device now, you'll say, but it was new then and quite brought down the house. As O'Grady strode through the crowd with the 'Babby,' who was far too big to be carried lengthwise, thrown like a sack over his shoulder The Babby ! in long white frock and pink sash ;his broad, red baby face and foolish grin half-buried in his innocent frilled cap-such a roar shook the room as you don't often hear in polite society. Then he was put down, and strutted about, vain as any peacock, drawing a laugh at every stride. It was the brightest hour of Bibby's existence. We put him to bed that night babbling of his conquests, his silly brain besotted as much by vanity \--as;by champagne. That was the end of it. Poor Babby ! The county pronounced our ball the success of the year, and Thomas Bibby the hero of it; yet by next evening he had dropped back from hero to butt, and thereafter went downwards by quick stages. And unfortunately for him our subalterns, with one O'Grady at their head, happened at this time to be as fast living, rowdy a set as you would find in a.month's search. Our next quarter, moreover, in some of the outlying forts of Plymport, was a dull one, and by con. sequence the ' Babby's' life becameL a burden to him. He was ' ragged' and harried from morning till night, and the "Ohief" being a weak man, our subalterns cared for nobody. But stay, there was one man they did fear-a youngish one low down in the list of captains, a man named Starke, a censor who in one night licked into shape the coarsest set of young rakeshells in the service, as you shall' hear. When Starke dined at mess there was peace far Bibby; on no other nights, I sh ould say, did the poor devil eat a meal at all, the appetite being. scared and badgered out of him. Well, on one oc casion, O'Grady and his set being in great form, and Starke being away on the Isle of Vectis with some relations, the Babby was taken with a fit of hysterical courage. Not only did he turn upon his tormentor O'Grady, but struck him over the head with a billiard cue, so that the blood poured down his shirt front. O'Grady was like an inflamed devil, but some of his friends collared him, while others hung round the neck of Bibby,asd so-.the row was over, at least so it seemed-in reality it was only half begun. Next morning Starke came over from Vectia, and heard all about it. I shan't forgot his face in a hurry. He was a middle-sized man ; square, grim, stern-a strong man every inch of him, with a fierce eye and hard, unrelenting mouth, and a shabby moustacheo cut short as if to display the hardness. I defy anyone not to be afraid of that man: we were as lambs before him. 'The regiment's going to the devil, I see,' he remarked in the ante.room after breakfast that morning, as we all stood about waiting to go on parade; 'and if the. chief doesn't straighten up some of you soon, by glad, I'll give you a dressing myself !' Starke, I must tell you, osmsanded the company that held Tidal Fort, and after this billiard-cue episode had Billy told off as his subaltern, carrying him away under his wings every night from 'Fort Orowner,' whore our headquarters and mess were established. But this didn't suit our views at all ; and we were the more determined upon getting round Starke, because our proposed victim had at last made up his rhifd to cut the service and go home to his 'ma.' Indeed, why he had .stiyed wilth us so long is a mystery I neverhope to solve. There must hay - been some subtle charm about us to :which our critics in general were blind. Anyway be was going now, and if O'Grady Smeant vengeance there was no time to be lost. 'Yea how to 'draw' Biddy, senti. nelled as he was by Starke I' Our one chance was to select a time when Btarke was away spending the night with his relations on the Isle of Vectis, a4dtt was jist what we did. Yet, before relating how we fared, I manst.tell you of a peculiarityof Starke's : he dabbled in science, especially in those chemanl.matters which we irreverently salled 'stinks.' His quarters often smelt like a doctor's shllop, his shelves were full of strange books and hideous bottles. In some men we might have considered this scientiflo crazo a dangerous symptom-a species of lunacy that needed serious cor rection; but not so with Starke. He might do what ho pleased-yea, even to wheeling a perambulator about the barrack equaro. People don't interfere with a man who has a tongue like a whip lash, an eye of chilled steel. Als me, the occasion when we did cross him, the Monday night on which we did brave grim Starke, was a black and bitter one for asix bold youths I ' Tidal Fort,' the scene of that notable alTsir, needs a word of description. I, was an old-fashioned work, facing the seashore and surrounded by a .' wet ditch,' that is, a most full of water..'This water was brackish, thick" with slimy weeds, always smal-odorous, often freckled with the corpses of drowned. cats and dogs, and fully eight foot deep in tlhe middle. The escarp and c notersecarp-that is, the enclosing walls of the ditch-rose steeply out of it for some fire or six :feot. The drawbridge woa closed by a heavy iron door, of which O'Grady had carefully secured the key. On the Monday in December decided upon for the venture Starke woent .ff as usual just after lunch, and was seen safely aboard the steamboat at Bay pier. As the paddles began to revolve the spirits of tIl subaltern told cu to watch Starko's departure rose high. He roturned hot foot to his five comrades, and made their hearts leap to the tune of his own. Un til Starke was safe out of the way there had been a sense of oppression on them all; now the glow of coming triumph pervaded their heroshipo. With tele. scopes and binoculars they repaired to the solitary ramparte, and were ravished to behold the wavering streak of black smoke grow dim as the little packet bustle-o across the blue straits to Vectia. They felt as safe now as though Stark:e were at Hongkong, for his people lived away in the heart of Veets, a ton-mile drive fron the landing pier. During dinner they res'rained their excitement with difliculty, but Bibby seemed to be free from the ghost of a suspicion. Ife, too, was excited and mirthful-perhaps at the thought of a speedy escape from the joys of a military career. About ten o'elrok, when tile sub. alterne were playing a noisy game of pool, he slipped quietly away. Not a wink did the plotters permit themselves : the danger of losing the long-looked for sport made self- restraint possible. By midnight the moess promises were deserted; every one except O'Grady and his following had gone quietly fil to bed. In fact our oldsters were rather a tame lot, having little in common with the sporting six or eight who embellished the tail of the list. The conspirators were sitting round the fire in O'Orady's ql'ir ters talking in low tones, and trying to keep the cold out with hot whisky and water-for a bitter cold December night it was, with an icy wind searching out every cranny of the fort. Whesn the clock struck twelve there was a shoving back of chairs, a final draining of ghasses -every man rose and made for his great coat. Their way lay through the dirk casemated gallery behind t-e oflicers' quarters. Along this they crept stealtlhily towards the deserted messroom, entered it in dead silence, stole cautiously down its whole length, guiding themselves through the pitchy darkness by holding on to the sides of the long table, and dropped from the window into the dry ditch of Growner. The wind howled round the big salient on their right, a hissing shower of hail lashed their faces as they stuggled up the steep turfy slope of the countersearp. 'I say,' growled little Miles, as they cowered on the glacis beyond, ' I move that we give that blessed Babby ten strokes extra for the labour he has given us.' ' Yea,by gad,' struck in O'Grady with some heavy curses, ' but the wopping of him's my job; I won't stand inter' forence,' 'Of course you want all the sport to yourself,' grunted little Miles ; ' but I claim to sit president of the court mar tial, anyway. Ucre goes for a ' double' across titl iinfernal piece of opec.' It was jtust eight hundred yards , to the 'Tidal.' They raced over thie wind-swept level at pultig spoeed. Oine or two wore glad toi sit down, panting on the draw bridge when th:ey reached, it; lheo hile O'Grady fumbled at the lock of the s icket with' his well oiled key. Then, in a me. mett, tlhey were instide, creeping canutiously towards Bibby's quarters. Miles opened the dloor with a stdden wrench, rushled in--nd found the room empty. They drew back with sudrden panic. Every matn if them would have run back helter-skehltor fromn the fort had Ihe dared, but not one bad the pluck to play the coward. Tlhey listened nervously at Strirko's door. Not a sound ! Finding it u, Ih cked, they peeped in. Ah--how intense the relief I- n a signt of the dreaded! Starko! His gladstone and ulster were absent-evidently hlie was , really away. The rows of bottles gleamed iii the light of their lantern; the usual drag-shop smell pervandd the room. And look aba ! there were two unopened letters on the table, placed there by his servant, of course, when tile eight o'clock post camns in. Here was a clincher to their growing security-a final thrust to tieoii departing fears. With a genial shout they rushed back into Bibby's quarters. He must have smelt danger during drinner, and was doubtless slinking awray in hiding somewhere. So much the worse fer him ! "Tis d-d impertinence,' shouted O'Grady. 'I never meant to wreck his things much; but as itis-out goes every stick into the ditch!' Out they did go-coats and trowsers, shirts and neckties, boots, socks, slippers, whips, ink-pots, books (fluttering yellow. hacks, mostly; for we never allowed Bibby to read anything else) went stream ing from the window into thedirty moat; for the only window of the room opened directly over the water-the outer wall of hie oflicers' quarters being, in fact, simply the escarp produced upwards. That Window vomited clothes and nac - contrements as an opened Shrapnel sholl veomits bullets. In a few minutes every t stick of the ' Babhy'a' kit was either r sinking to the bottom of the ditch or f afloat on its weedy surface. And last of all went his tin uniform-case, emptied of its contents, and floating along before the northleaster with a hail shower rattling down upon the 'Thomas Soult Bibby,' painted on its cover. But for his im. pertinence in absenting himself without leave there never would have been this wholesale destruction of his property. After this spell of work they all sat down to breathe and allow the dust of the room to settle. The atmosphere .-wes laden with dust and was atrangelyobppreai s:ve. 2hey, eat on the table,mopping their foreheads, for the lifting and throwitig had protVed ,lot Work. They seemed curionely depressed, somehow ; hardly a man opened his lips. There was some thine, in the air of the room, in spite of tihe wide-open window, that stuck. in tilhe throat-a choky thickneas :that 'made everyon ecough, also t satrangb;' heavy rtmell, he of acme noisome .drug. It was proposed to open thlie door, Miles made his way to it, conghin'g and gasping. Hlo foulnd it hard and rant - locked apparently from the outside. Then a ghastly dread fell upon them--a coldl sweat of fear broke out upon those doomed subatterns. The hand of Starke was recognised in a moment ; they had fallen into some diabolical trap of his, and the hearts of themn went sick at the discovery. The stench grew fearful. Already one. or two of them were faint with anphiix istion. O'Grady lushed to the door';' dr wvo his foot against the lock; then asainst . a patnli, which cracked aross, exposing t(he end of a lheavy trunkl jim.n med againil:st it from the outside. They were completely barricded'idn. OGrady ansd two others raged' round the room seorching in vain for tihe burning drug whose intolerable fames were killing them. Miles was in a dead faint ;they had to raise himn on their shoulders, and thrust his hand through the open window. But for this one opening they would all have been gasping on the it eor by now ; as it was not one of them could hold out much longer. Not a man had a shont left in him--not one could call aloud for help They pressed, pallid, and fainting, against tihe window-sill, dragging off greatcoats and collars ; the sound of their lahourirg breath went forth like one heavy groan. 'Out into the ditch,' gasped O'Grady, faintly. '"ia our only chance: That cursed Starkoa would let us die here like rats i 'Ah i let me die here,' moaned yousng Miles, whom the keen outside air was re viving. I I couldn't face tho cold of that water in this state.' '.Out you go- every mother's son of you,' reiterated O'GrOdy, shoving them. this way and that, as he made for. the il:detw. 'Anything's better than this cursed reek !' Cowed, scared, miserable as they were; choked with smoke, a crawling aickneas about their hearts, they had. to face that ice.cold water. O'Grady was the firet to lower himself down ; the slimy water took hIim up.to the arm-pits yeot a great sigh of relief escaped as he drew tihe fresh air into his luegs. Then they all folloied, 'ono'nfter one, and looked miserably around for help. They knew well enough that Stasks. would be waiting about somewhere on. the couuterscarp-that their sentence was not yet worked out. Starke, sure enough, was standing above them, stiff and grim, with an exe. cutioner'e smile .n the cast iron mouth of him, and near by was their would-be vic-. tim, the hapless Babby. Those two will never look down upon a stranger scene, I promise you. There was the gruesome moat, with its green- weed patches sup. portiang here and thler fragianenia of Bibby's scattered kit; and under the wall opposite six pallid faces, and five pairs of shoulders clad in red ant gold-: only five p?airs, for little Mlilos wias, tdo short to raise evnyt the shoulder cords of his mess jacket above water. Starke had a short rope ladder on the grass at his feet; a heavy huntingcrop in his hand. They were like rats iii a big oertheon, ware basin.; the escarp and countorscarp walls rose out of the water smoolth, steep, slippery, witlhout a flaw or projection to hlelp a por devil out of the trap. Stirko's rcpe ladder, or deathl from cold--siech were tie aeeel-poinlod hIores of their dih mma ! ' s 'Swim aerers hIere, and I'll haInul you out'-Starkeu's voice was icy as the north wind lthat lashed the water-'if not, drown, and be d-d to you !' Every one of them was a ewimmor, na Stanrke well know. After a brief esliveri ing conasultatiol theoy breasted thle water in an irrogular' liro. HIalfa.dzren strokes took them across the deep water; they touched bottom again under the counter scarp. S'1've a tmitd to leave you isereaft?ier all;' said Starko, dangling a foot or two ofhis rope ladder down :the cotint6racearp wall. ' Y,,u la?ien't got your db'rts yet, nor anything like it, you rowdy yoneig blackguards ! Youer condtct 'to 'Bilby lhas been sickening. -ill had donb all he could--had sent in his papers. He 'sill be off in a fortnight. He provided you with asnusement as loeg as he cohld, sand decided to retire whent your worships :got sick sf him. You hlad no excuse; It has been just downright ceursed bullying -six to esne, all favour and no fair field. Every puppy of you who shins up this ladder shall apologias on his knees to Bibby, or back he goes into the ditlch i' : Then he lowered his ladder, he and Bibby holding on above and taking turns round a crowbar wahich they had planted for the purpose. O Grady climbed up first, draggle'd and weed-trissmed, the water pouring from hlim as he slowly mounted. 'Down on your knees!' thlundereod Starlke. .' ' N'ever,' grunted O'Grady, sullenljy. 'I've never yet knelt to mortal man, and hang me if I do to him.' 'Hit him back into the ditch, Bibby.' The Babby was as one possessed. Tihe spirit of Starko hlad entered into hlim, put a surging wave of courage into his heart, galvanieed into fighting form every nerve, muscle, and fibre of him. He swung : round his long armi and fetched his enemy susl a blow on the face that O'Grady staggered back head over heels into the ditch again. ' That's the second time I've struck you,' he cried out like a uadman ; ' come up again and fight me fair-come up all the lot of youand make a ring. I don't want your apologies, I want a fair fight with that hulking bully. lie has mad3 my life a'burden to me. I'll fight with swords if you like-just let mou have one good stab at him, and then-' 'Next mann,' said Starke coolly,' herd ing.the fIabby no mors thiin he did the wind ; 'up you come.' Jackson was next, He wont up with a blar:ched face, shivering with fear and cold so that-hie-oould, soiroely climb. ' Db n on your .nees, kir 1' He sprawled down anyhow" on the grass, half fainting, with: apprehension, and mumbled isomething. Then, a. "j! '.vo and am now a field officer with a .bald head, Starke thrice lashed :hin' over the: back with his hunt. Anid' alwit the o6taers.' N oine ac tually knelt. Everyone muttered some words of apology-everyone was unmer. cifully thrashed, especially O'Grady, who came up more dead than alive from his. second immersion. . , 'You're chilled to the bone, I see,' said Sinke ; 'iwell, I'll warm you to the marrow of it !' And he did. Milesi too, came in for an extra hiding ; 'for I-know,' said the grisly executioner, '.there's good in, you. You're worth leathering.'. . I tell you that man hnld them all- all all seven of them---in the hollow of his hand. He made a'lion of poor fluttering Bibby, a cur even of dashing little Miles. Ahl! Starko was a man- the sort of one 'men follow.on fdrlornest' hopes, when nothing's left.but blood and death. HA stood them all in a row .before him. 'Now, .Bibby ; you've shown pluck and learnt the value of it;at laet-you pack off to my quarters; there's my camp bed waiting for you. ' Now for you other young cuba: hae. I knocked the devil out of you for a spell ? I think so. I think you'll obey myn next ardor-'to pay !for ,'y esaballern's kit thait; yois'?o do stroyed. I shall estimate the value by to.morrow, so you'll club together and fork out by noon. If not, I report the whole busiieees, and come of us'll get cashiered-I myself perhaps, or Bibby, likely enough, for it's a crooked world. Thlt's a matter for a court martial to decide. :Now be off 6nu of niy sight, and next time you're bout obh drawing' a subaltern I judge you won't try mine !' Do you call Starke's treatment of us brutal 1Well; that's just what we needed. Rosewater wouldn't have cured us : it was a case of bludgeon or nothing. :The brute in 'tian' calls for' brutal remedies. We got tihe bludgeon, and 'ragging' went out in conscquence. No more peacable 'lot ihaii our subalterns for a long time 'after that expensive and terrible night. We kept it all very dark--being neither fools nor sneaks, we never breathed a syllable of the affair; yet after five days every soul in the regiment was talking of it.' Not that any oflicial notiQe was taken of thoe .fracas ; the chief ,was much too grateful to Starko to indulge in foolish c1il .isil 'trying. " Ioitbhs afterwards Starke was good enough tdo explaii his trap to ;us. It had colle to his ears-how. I don't know, for he nover let that" out-t-that wewere plot 'tinagainst Bibby; jand had settled to "'draw 'him upon the first' Monday in Decoiber.' He' of course, went over to Veotis to blind us, retui'ied by an evening boat, and proceeded to finish his prepara tions. lie had compounded the gruesome stuff during the day, and had placed it in a crucible far up Bibby's chimney, care fully blocking the chimney at the top. Then as soon as Bibby," 'watching the drawbridge from his window, gave notice of our approach, Starke lighted the fuse timed to burn ten minutes) that led us into that infernal crucible. During the hubbub 'we made it was easy to Irck us in without our discovering it, and with the assistance of their two soldier- servants to barricade the door. All the rest was plain sailing--- we wanted no further dscription of that. Well, though it all happened a long time ago, 1 feel as if it might have taken place yesterday; for verily some thinge burn themselvrs, on. ,thp mnemory in lotters of.fir'e.. WWhen.IL tell youl that the present colonel of the regiment is reckon'ed the best a'id taustest in the service, ?led :I ald that his name is Starkel And, I say: againl, he was the making of soaurof thooe rowdy youngsters. Why, he admits himself now that the best officer under his command in one O'Grady, the junior maajor; fpr, to speak the simple truth, 'tie O'Grady who tells you this story3l " : 