Oii0l Smoke Coh/oi/. Tutu local Owl Clbh, which has been in a torpid sp?ao during the summer months, gave sogns of an unmistakable awakening on Thursday &eaning; last. It was a double-barrelled, heavy-footed awakoening and came upontoneoouly from the throats of somo 40 hoearty young birds. Weo hlvo often heard of the joyful song of the lork with which hl heralds the adovent of the morn, but it falls to our humble lot to rooord thie terriic hurricaneulike screechl of the Goulburo owl as he knoouk the saolos from his eyes and swoops down from his porch to greet the lautumnal shabodows. We have experidncei te distraction and passed through the ordeal at the risk of having our ear-drums burst and undergoing completo prostration through owallowing sundry junhs of thick tobacco emolo. We catored the den with some hesitation and fear, hut the welcome was genial and hearty and solliiolutly pleasant to bring back our confidence and banish our doubts. The room was neither gloomy nor dicmlo. The leading owl, who presided, had much it common with any ordinary habirman, and thio blooming countenance of the oo vie' " on his right eaurod us at any rate that no serious harm tvosld befall us there. The principal owl, Ir. Wost, led oiff with an nnouncement that a few of the birds had shown signs of activity two or throee days previously. They had put their heada together and 'elovated oertala birds to high nod honourable pocitio:ins iu the flcicl and had decided to haove ll the other birds fully awako for the ficat grand soreech then about to commence. He h.d t announce hbis own elevation to the presidentiol chair and Meers. J. 8. Clifford aond C. i-oldorf to the vio-chairs. During the coming seanon Mr. TV. Bradford, anosisted by Mr. A. B. Bryson, would attend to the duties of secretary, Mr. J. 8. Clifford would not as creoasuror, Mesors. l'oldorf, W. Choesemano, aud E. ierobher as trustees, and Mes1sre. A. Cady, ,E. G. KIerchelr, '. Donnellan, E. Jeffroy, and 'W. Davidson ao committll;men. 'Tbi president's remarks were received with nporoving hoots from the assembled birds. Thoe frst note of the awakening screcch came from icssrs. C. Robinson and W. Jones, who played on overturo on the piano and violin in moeterly style. iMr. C. Holdorf supplied the next ohord by tolling in u nice modest way the beauty of the "Queen of the E mrth," and Mur. King followed with " Ora Pro Nobis." tMr. Stead was excruciatincly fuuonny us hoe told of " Good Old Moay Ann " and how lie got" Hi-tiddle-hi-ti-ti," and Ir. Davidson tendered a very acceptable item in " The Gallants of England." But no doubt the culminating point of the awakening.was reached when Jack Pell gave tihe Chinaman and laughing songs. Hie modestly asked for a chorus in the last song and he got it in a prodigious style. It might be termed a Mississippi amongst choruses, and as it floated out of the window to the regions beyond it was coetainly sufficisot to dispel any doubt that might have existed as to whether the owls still slumbered. tlr. Boyd tried his hand at " Bright and Free, Oh, ounlit Sea," and Mr. Thomas streok a grand heroio chord by rendering "As Trusty As Steel," and followed it up with " Old Miadrid." Mr. Fenton gave a pianofoierto solection, and after Mr. Robinson had sung "Father O'Flynn" and " The Minstrel Boy " a short breathing time was allowed so as to prepare for the second volley. Tho pace had becu fast anod furious and the applauso deafoning at the end cf each item. On resuming Messrs. Robinson and Jones again obliged the com pany. Mr. C. Holdorf told them bow he become " Anohorod" and eveutually landed safely at his father's home; IMr. Stoad neassured the birds thaot "They oan't Do It, You know;" Mr. Thomas warbled (that is if it is possible for an owl to no oomplish such a feat) "'l'ho Sleeping Camp" and "The Garonno;" and iMr. Davidson touched a .melaneholy chord as he wandered "Down by the Deeop Sad Sea." Mr. Jim Clifford then rose with some diflioulty and proposed a vote of thanks to the visitorso, which was recoived enthusiastically. Mr. E. Thomas, once a member of the Petereham owls, roeponded, and flattered Gculburn by saying that they "topped" tho £'eterhame. This remtark was receivod with moro than the usocl amount of ap. plauso and approving hoots. Other visitors alno responded, and Mer. Robinson, in replying to a vote of thanks moved to Mr. Jones and himself, wont on in a calm, gentle way to dilate on the beaunty of musio. Mr. Robinson told them in touching tones that when he gave up the ghost and laid his bones to rest he would do ro with a clear consoience of having done his best ta spread its principles. Several of the birds seemed visibly affected at this stage, but wo doubt whether ito was not due to the donseo clouds of emoklo that floated promisonously through the room. Four new members were pro posed and accepted. The preeident was thanked, and the first awakening of the season died away in the lsot oadenees of " Auld Lang Syne." 