PrtlNOE-'OHAKMING ; - OR i "' My Sister litisncrcro.v I3x TCML'LE. . . Yuii sayyou are'surpriard my'siat'er 'Giiino-. v« ro never married ; that, . beautiful ns she is even now in thu faded tailor of hor forty, years,- she niuib bavu buoti aupromo in hoi' ourly youth; ncri thai hor grand manner alnno would cocm to navo marKcu nor out a grand nllmiico — ono chosen from among tho many of tho hluhcsfa in the land offuccd to her. Aud you arc too well hred to add what I sco you fed that you aro just ns much surprised to find me, who am a inero nobody compared to my sistor— small and dark and shy oven yot. for all my four big boys, whilo bhoia tail and fair ami regal— lioro at tlio head of this priucoly establishment, and tho wtfo of a man Iiko my husband, for whom Guinovcro beams to bo til ovory way fitted nioro than mysolf, ' , Well, it is strange, I ndrait. Butslmll 1-tell you my sister's story V It is not quite ono if every day lifo, though there lit nothing o'ut> rngctiusly sensational in it. Still, if may in terest yoti 'as a study , of circumstance and character ; and, at all ovonts, it is trim. > ,\Vc woro always what you sco ns now— tho qurau atid her subject, the adored and her adorer, a miatr<:os and her slave. Guinovoro, tivo years older than I, was, as long as f can remember, Iiko soiuo kind of a superior being whom it was my duty as woll as my joy- to worship and obey. Her beauty was uiuays phenomenal tome, mow especially as I lmd.nonu. No, do not say "Oh I" in that do- precaiiug way. it is very unkind of you to wish to apnro tuvsolf-lovo, and put mo on good terms with myself; but I'haio heard tho truth too (dlcti. As a child I distressed my mothor many times to tears, whim aho was low-spirited, bc- cauio sho arid I was so liho a little Aztec or horror of that kind ; and as a girl oho often do- dined to tako mo into society, becauso I was such a cootrast to Guinovoro that, sho said, sho was ashamed of mo. But my husband and my beys aro satisfied with mo, and that is ovorything. And, indood, only yesterday my husband said to ino laugh- ing : " 1 declare, Rachel, you aro gelling quito pretty in your old ago 1 So perhaps I ntn growing leas plain. Women Bomutiincn do as they got older. You do not mind my telling you this nonsciibo V It is only for fun, not vanity. But if I was Hio Aztec of tho family, Guine vere was tho (lower— our crown imperial, our stately lily, our royal quoin, our hope, our love, our enchantment. There wcro no brothers, nud sho was tho lioir. \Vo were not inado joint heiresses ; hut Guinevere, as was only fitting, was made solo heiress, and 1 had a younger child'n portion. When my father explained this to me, I told him how glad I was, ns Guinovcro was born for wealth and position, dud I was not ; and it was only right that she should kooptho family duiiio whonsho married, and bo tho representative of tho houso as if sho had been a son. Sho was tho superior and my queen. 11 Then you aro not jealous— not disappointed llttlo Hachol You do not think I havo dona wrong by you?" my dear father said, drawing mo nearer to hiin. I thought ho looked a littlo anxiously into my faco, as if lib were troubled and wanted to- assuring. Boar, dear father !: I haro often thought einco that ho was not quito sure of the Tightness of his decision. But it. woo right, quito right. -Jqalbus of Guinovoro?, sorry that you havo inado her tho head of tho. family ?. No, father, darlirig,"I sald ; u how ohould I. be? You havo done only what is right and wise, nnd I atn glad, and grateful— vory glad that Cuuiuvore is to bo . always thu suporior, and very grateful that you havo thought it worth while to spank -to- mo about it at all. , ; And hero I-kiesed him,- and stroked down his door bushy beard as I usod-whon « littlo ono; but ho hold mo to him vory; very close, and" biased irfo back again with something ao 'aweot and almost sdrrowf ul in iiis manner- and some thing almost liko toars in his oyes. I hope 1 havo doue right," ho said,, aoffcly ; 44 but if scorns cruol and unjust," ho addod, as if speaking to himself. Mother, howovor, saw tho things as I did, and spoko to him rathor sharply. \- Nonaouao, Joromo I" sho said in-hor quick way. " How could -such a girl as Rachol carry off tho dignity of her position or bear tho weight of heirship? It would bo ridiculous to mnko hor equal with Guinovoro. Sho has neither manner nor beauty, noithor dignity nor stylo, aim no cnanco or evor goeemg eicnor. uuino- vera is of courso tho head of tho house, and must represent tho family whon wo havo gono. How could it bo otherwiso? Rachel is out of tho question. 4- Ah, well, T eupposo it must bo so; .and littlo RachoV does not mind," said my fathor. ' "Of courss not; sho knows better returned my mothor, alwAyo a littlo sharply and as if, sho woro displeased. I fanoy tliovhad had along discuscton on tho . matter, and that sho had at last persuaded my fathor Dgainob his original intontion of lonving ns joint heiresses. "I trust sho has too much good fooling, and too much sense of duty and propriety to ob ject to an arrangement so manifestly propor, so evidently marked out by Providonce," sho added impressively ; and I said: "I hope bo. too, mothor," to 'donfirni hor and choor up my father., 1 I was almost sixteen whon this was told mo. Guinovoro was just twonty-ono. At sixteon a girl is rarely very solieitoun about money or tha futuro ; and 1 did not care for oithur ono or tho other. But if I hatlT should havo boon re joiced all tho samo' that my sister should rcccivo by my fathoms will what sho aeaorved by\ight of natural inheritance, and tljafc she should bo mado the head of the liouso by law as oho was our queen by lovo. Bonutiful as bIio'wob, tho hoiross of such a fino ostato as tho Knoll, and with what my mothor prized quito as much as hor beauty — which I hud onco hoard oallcd tho " main factor In tho sum of hor charms " — her perfect stylo — you may bo euro that lovers wove not wanting to Guinovoro. . Sho had as many as Portia, and she was as difficult to please as her prototype. Sim took oxcoption to ovcry ono, nnd tnaao insuperable . obstacles out of tho most trivial matters. A man's narao, tho colour of lus hair nnd- tho way xtr which ho woro it, his voice, his hnnds, hia favorito flowers, lua manners, oven his sistors Ins vory scarf pio and rings— anything was ma son onough why aho should rojcdt him ; till roally itscomod as if sho had yowod horsolf to . «n1iWno rtltonrnHini rtnrl rl trl nnfcintnnd to nmrru any one. My mothor usod to get quito. vexed with her ; for Bomo of tho oflors woro of a kind which did honor oven to euoh a queen amongst women as Guinovoro ; nnd, aa mother enid, theso. good ohanoos do not como too ofton in any girl's life. But Guinovoro stood hor ground iiko somo slatoly flowor- which shuts, itself ' up if it has boon oo much as . looked at ; always with tho same cold regal bearing that aho has still ; turn ing all mou's heads and winning all men's : lioarta, but novor lo3ing her own, and making the disnppomtod world moro dosporato as hor coldncBSgrmv moro confirmed,'. For whom or what was sho waiting ? My mother used to ask iior that queation twonty -tunes a wcok, but Guinovoro always answered tho samo thing : 1 : 41 For Princo Charming." ' Which was ull very woll, as mothor' saldi but pbotnighb havo found him boforo <\- tropin tho Crowd of ouitoro who had mado hor tho offer pf tfioir hands and hoartO|.anc\ rent rolls and pSt&tQBt; Ono day ho scorned to luivo como. At least we all .thought so. and it ecomcdiinpoasihiobui that. Gitmevcro should not think so too: Our neighbour, Mono Harbor came horns. Ho had been a long tiino abroad— ever -smco his fathers death— but .at listhocahiobncknud prepared . to live nt bis beautiful. pbico. Ever/' nub wnB yqry glad, fur nil empty house lileo WilmiugtrtU Jlall makes a . greatydiUoreiico in -ja small koc'oty - Iiko- -'ours ;'. andv tlion Mr.;' Herbert hintsolf was ' popular, nud , people .wer.j plea»»M to sco : him- again, to is hondsoiuu now, '-but in thqso days twenty years ago, lie was simply, mdgiii- ficent. liu was as handsome for a man as Guincvcro was fur a; wo,uau. -And that was saying everything. >t Whon tlioy. stood eido by sido togethor , it . was really; grand to soo them. . Tlioy . looked like soinotlung .ono had' soon in - a' droam or n picture — somsthing idcnl . and bsyond ono's ordinary oxporionco. It ' was ovidontly tho match for Guinovoro. Ho was rich, of right ago, handaomo, in ovory" way dcsirablo ; and although his father belonged to tho nowly rich, Morso himself was, as yott know liirn, something nioro than an ovory-day gentleman. Ho was a Bayard. Soon tho . neighbourhood cottlod it nil to its own satisfaction and gave thcao two to each other, according to tho law of manifest fitness and destiny as thoy said. And soon, of courso, ho folk in lovo with hor. Who cuuld help it ? - Tiioy nil did. Besides, these two were littod to oaoh other. - No; do not tdiako yonr.hcnd. Tiioy wero in tlioso days ; if only sho could have soon it, and inado herself soft aud plnstio! ' It Doomed as if naturo had botrothod thorn, and bomo malign influence interfered to prevent tho thing from going right. For in spito of all Morso Herbert's handsomo looks and. fino estate, in fipito of all his noble nature and fer vent love, Guinovoro would havo noshing to say to him. When ho made tho inevitable olTor auu iLuuBuuutuitjuik u» euu nun iviuicu union, and all that' could bo got out of her, when my fathor and mothor roinonstratod with hor was,— 44 Ho is all Very woll, but ho is not Princo Charming." I remember my fathor turning away in a rago when she art id this in hor quiet, sarcastic way. llo was so seldom angry, dear, good, father, that it mado a great impression on mo. 4Tho girl is crazed with vanity," I heard him ay in a low voice. 4,Si»o docs not know what oho wants, and somo day oho will mako a tro- tnondous mistake, and then sho will como to hor sonscs whon it is too laio. That will bo hor punishment. 1 was standing near him at tho tiino when ho said this— so near that ho kuow that I must' havo heard him. It went to my heart to hear him blamo Guinevere. To mo sho was so grand and beautiful— so froo from fault— nnd so wan ho. 1 could not boar to oco tho smallest misunder standing between thorn, so 1 took his hand and kissed it, and said to him lovingly,— \- 4 You would not havo. her marry him if she does not lovo him, dearest father, would you ? That would not bo right." , 4<N», my Rachel," ho answered kindly. l4.Bnt it argues somo kind of moral porvorsity that sli-i does not lovo him. No ono olse in tho field and sho ought to lovo him. If sho woro a good girl aho would." 14 No, no, thoro is nothing morally wrong about Guinovoro 1" I said. "SShois fastidious, if you Iiko, and scorns unablo to be won by any man, but sho is good and truo and nobto, and oho is not to bo blamed bocsusa sho will not marry oven such a man as Morso Herbert if sho doois not really lovehim." Irdnforabor now how my dear fathor looked at mo whon I said this ; and how ho drow me near to . him, and aiid with his sweet smile,— ... v 44I ought to bo a proud fathor! Ilmvoa queou for ono daughter, nnd au angol for ahothor! If that docs not'eontont a man, what sliould?" But really, though it mqdo mo divinely happy, to bo- praised by him, I did not soo' why ho shontd call mo an ahgol - becauso I dofehdod my bolorcd sistor, . who had- always - boon Iiko somo' 'kind of gnodness or superior boiug to mol . , This matter of Morso .Herbert's, howovor. did trot rest hero, for that ovoning my father and mother had a long talk with Guinovoro, to which I was not admittod, but which ondod by Guinovoro consonting to somothiug unpleasant. For sho said to mo at night, when I weiit to read her to sleep, as I always did,— 4 You are vsry happy, littlo Rachol, not to bo tlio.oldost of , tho family, and tlio grand matri monial investment. Heirship and queonship, though all vory woll, havo at times thoir dis advantages; aud it may bo bettor to bo a humble littlo daisy than a crown imperial lily, as you somotimos oall mol" Sho did not speak with feeling or with temper, or ns if. sho woro sorry or annoyed ; uo. unit iuub .iut.io umuaiumi ciin oi nor oa itiful lips which was habitual with her whon things went cross; and of courso I did not daro to ask hcr< moro than sho ohoaO to toll. \Vo woro always so much moro.likb queen and sub ject than ltko daughters of tho samo fathor and mothor, that I novor prosumod to tako libortios wilh hor — nor willi my mothor. My father 'and I woro tho friends j. but with iny mothor and Guinovcro, though- l 'adorod thora both— especially Guinovoro, I was always on the lowor plane, and of both— I oonfess it candidly — I was a littlo afraid. - Tho next day— I do not know why, but I be- liovo that my mother wroto to him— Morso Herbert camo over to tho Knoll, about half an hour boforo lunoheon. Ho was with Guinovcro alono in tho drawing room for somo timo, and brought lior into luncheon on hia arm. I-ru- lhembor how deadly palo sho was, and how flushed 'and triumphant, yet ill at cane, ho looked. And I .romembcr ho troinblod lileo a girl when ho shook hands with mo and said in a voico that was scarcely Iiko hio own,— 44 You must congratulate ine, Ruohol, I am going. to bo yuur brother, and marry Guino voro." So then, ho and my sistor woro engaged ! Tho proud and stntoly swan was at last tamod ; tho tlowor had nt last opened to . tho euu 1 But for what means? Not ordinary ones, for tho en gagement wris nob . Iiko thoso one roads of or fancies for ono's solf when ono is young ; and for tho first and only timo iu my lito I was in clined to bo hard oil Guinovoro. Sho. was so cold to liitn, so disdainful. At hor best sho was only placidly indiilorent, at hor worst alio was actively sarcastio, and seemed to tako a cruol ploasuro in wounding him. Aud I thought that as sliohad accoptcd him, cho ought to havo bo- havedwith moro consideration, 1 used to wonder how ho boro it, such a high-spirited man in all othor things as ho was But ho wab bo deoporatoly in lovo witli hor in thoaodoya, ho would inwo borno any thing, only for tho delight of sitting by hor and looking at hor and caliinghorhis. And hor very coldness made him moro dospcrnto, as ib had inado so many others. It was something to battlo against— something' to strugglo with and ovor-- como; 'a kiutl of challougo flung down to tho' nion who carod for her,' which thoy accepted as. Atulauta's lovors accepted hers. Atalantadofied thoso who loved and would win her to surpass her iu swiftness, and Guinovoro dulled tlioso who lovod and would win hor to break down hor stntuQsquo coldnons nnd mako her a warm nnd living woman; Evidently Morso Herbert had not as yot been hor vonl conqueror, her truo Pygmalion. Ho had won horproroiso, bub bo had not carriod her heart, and sho was still untouched. I was sorry for him and ho know it. With out being a traitress to my darling, myqucon, I could not help pitying this handsomo, manly follow whom she treated so badly; no that at tho last ho got into tho habit of coming to mo for comfort; as- lie said; for. if I woro not tho roso, J livod near .it; if; I woro nob Guiuovcro. I .was., hor sistor. And whon sho would nob lob hlni talk to her of his love for hor, ho coulil como and talk to ino j.and he know that 1 was u patient listener, for that I loved hor- too well mysolf nobtoliko to bear tmotboc praUo hor. I wiflllQd tb«t oho could havo loved hnn mora than sho oviduntly oid ; or oven if sho did not- lovo htm, that sho would havo treated him bottor. l, .hko Morso himself, trusted to time, hU 'own lovo, and tho indissolubility of mar riago when onco thoy woro united,, to bring it' all right. ( Hor ooratnou bciho' then would , como into play, and hor dignity too, and sho would surely accept 'with a good graco a condition of things of which a bad ' ono would not rid hor. So ;wo-- talked .to' oacli othor, always skirting rouud, but novor coming ' to; tho full admission of Guihovoro's waut of lovo for him, I doing ray best to give him hono and courago, till ho gob .at last to really lovo mo Iiko hia sister, and to . mean it whon ho. called tho , his comfortor and -his good'angol. . .. . This was now tho early , summer, and. tho marriago was ' to tako place in tho autumn. Moanwhilo wo all went to Scotland ; and Morso Horbort, as Guine- voro'e Jiancc , wont too. Sho would ratlior ho had not boon with us; Sho had .nono of that girlish, silly prido, which likes to parado a 44 conquest "—moro especially ono - in which her own heart was not engagod. And, so far from making thin joint stay, a ploasuro to poor Morso, sho turned it into a torture, and- really mudo him .very, very uuhappy. Sho was too woll brod to bo rude or to flout hiin oponly. Sho was always noblo, like horsolf ; but sho was colder than ico ; harder' than stono; more nnd more statuesque arid indifferent as tho (lays went on; as. if aho wanted to dinchnrgo tier conscience of all suspicion of dccoptiou, no. thai Morse should know, if ho married hor, ho was marrying only half of hor— and that tho half wanting was that of hor heart. But ho- boro it with tho wondorf til hopo and patienco of a strong man's love. Sho showed him no angry aversion, remember; only cold ness, without warmth for nny ono else ; and ho mmijo uBiio«ouuia, kuis-niu vuuBiivutiuuui iu- sorvo, and that somo day ho should warm hor into tho lifo and kaowlodgo of love. . Tho Glenbatrons, at whoso houso wo woro staying, woro nico peoplo. Mr. and Mrs. Glenharron, and their daughter Adolino, wuro charming, but I did not Iiko Dun- aid, tho eldest son. Tho &r;>cond, Mackenzie, was much better ; in fact, ho was as nice as his parents and Adolino. But Donald was one of those fast dissipated mon; who aro only cads with a correct nccunt aud perfect taste in drcus. Ho was a man who always looked as if ho had faocu ,up ell night— very pale, as thin as a grasshopper, aud with thoso red oyclids and odd smeared kind of mouth which makes you think of drinking, as if they had boon reddened by tho lees of wino. Ho mado mo feel that ho was living on tho brink of a precipice— ns if from day today his character aud honor wore unsafo, and might at any moment bo destroyed by some terrible dis closure. I know ho mado his fathor and mothor. very anxious, and Adetino, who was gontloiiosj; in person, was sometimes severe upon him. In fact, ho was a horror; hut, poor wretch I ho -had somo good point3 in him, as- you will soe. ' Ho had brought down to tho. costlo with him a Hungarian Prlnco with an uuproiiouncoablo' name. I never could pronounco It, and I'do not know how it was spolt; bub as ho was always called Prlnco, it does not much algiiify. what his nqmo roally was. Ho was a groat friond of Donald', and, per haps partly uu that ncouunt, I took a vlolont hatred to him froth tho beginning,' Do nob laugh and look as if 1 am unablo' to, tako a vio lent hatred to any ono. Wo quiet littlo women aro qftoh. volcanoes.. Iiko tho roat; only our - Urea lay a littlo deeper than with somo, and our explosions are' not ao frequent.. ./ 7/ Bub if I hated him,' I wa the- only person .who did— except, perhaps, Adolino.. Aud she did nobso outiiuly dctc3b him as I did.' Shu did nob Iiko him ; and .Mackenzie, too, was in- diflbrohb to hiin, so was Morse Herbert. Bub oyoryouo olso praised him' to tho 'skies and applauded him to the cchio. ". \- llo was very, vory . handsome, that I must confess, noithor so tall or so finoly built a6 Morso; of- a slighter, lighter kind altogether, and as dark, na Morso waa fair. Bub ho had really an almost perfect 'face of its kind, nnd he had the mosb graceful manners you can ima gine. Thoy woro as perfect as Ills face. Though I did nob Iiko him, I could rob bo blind to the things which fascinated othora, his grace, his beauty, his readiness , to obligo, hie protty way of asking you by his manner to forgot that ho was a prince, while ho himself always remembered it ; and then his cleverness. Ho spoko all tlio prlnoipal languages, ono ' as woll as anothor, aud all woll. He danced mosb' boautifully, and sang well, played/ tho piano woll, and rodo and fenced and played billiards, and nil that ; was a first rato shot, and was IIIUSI,. UUOIUU4. Ho. could do pU sorts of conjuring tricks as woll \ns any profossod prestidigitator. Ono day Mr. Glenbarron said to lunii laugh-, ing,— ; Woll; Prince, if ovor you aro brought down; to tho baro boards, you can gob your living as a conjuror; cr -worse. By George, U1030 trumps 1" . . ' 44 Think so ?" tho prlnco said with a sinllb ; but I was surprised to' sco how ho flushed up, Iiko a girl; mure than a man ; nnd . though ho smiled, he did not look plo&sod.; ' Never nftor did ho do any moro conjuring tricks for ua. Mr. Glonbnrron had evidently' piqued him oomohow. 4 .Whon tho Princo first camo he devoted hira-. self to Adeline. This was perhaps natural! fee ing that sho was tho daughter of tho lionso aud. so swoot and protty in horsolf ; bub sho was so decidedly cool to him that he scorned to' get tirod ot paying lior. uemplimonts and looking into hor oyes. BesidoB, Donald' ovidontly did nob Iiko it ; nor did Mackenzie. Indeed, ! ' overheard Donald aay to tho princo, in stioiv a 'ntrango voico, ono day. whon thoy woro on tho torraco bolow and I on that above,— 11 You protnisod mo Karl, by. all you hold' sacred— if there is anything you hold scored iu heaven or earth—' that you . would leave my sistor alono, and I hold you to your pro mise. " \\. Thoy passed out of honring, whon Donald had said this, so I did not hoar the Prince's au- swor. .At all ovonts, aftor this ho left Adolino alono. But ho turned to Guinovcro, nnd paid her as much attention as ho had paid Adolino in tho boginning. I cuuld nub understand my shtor in thoso days.. She, bo proud mid cold to all tho world, so indifferent to hor own nfiinnccd lovor, Morso Herbert, beoamo aumuhuiv a transformed being with tho princo. Ho could mako hor &ad; or morry, onthusiasbio or aiigry, by his nnacdotcs , of things . or persons, ns no ono olso had over boon able to do. I havosocn tho tears in hor eyes whon ho sang his' '-plaintive Hungarian songs, and aho novor Boomed to tiro of his music. ' Hithorto oho had cortainly not boon .moro enthusiastic about music than about anything .olso; now she would nit in a kind of hushed, rapt way when lio piayod, and- it was pathotio to boo tho way in which olio cairio back to her- Bolf, and, as if it woro reality, when ho had finished. Sho grow, too, oo much gentler to ovory ono. Gontlo is not nuito tlio right word, for/eho was never anything nut gontlo— sympathetic, aff'ic- tionato rather— and to mo especially oo ; to ovory ono indeed/ novo poor Morso Herbert, and to him her former chilling indiffcronco olmnged Into something that looked Iiko hate and fear. , Flo saw it too. I know that ho didy 'although ho said. nothing to.mo ;. but I saw it in hia aad, grave, wondering cyos, in his compfessod lips, in his forced 'calmness, and in tlio flashes of uro that somotimos shot from his oyes whon ho looked at'tho princo. . <7i Donald, too, was droadfully disturbed. Ito had gono down beforo GuhioVoro, as; all tho world did, nnd<hQ was madly in lovo with hor, Ho knQW that sho was engaged, and ho know "rJicro was no hopo for htm. Tuat did not pro- vont him loving her, or wishing that thcro Had bcon hopo. . \- Poor wretch 1 nis luvo did lum thia good- it oponcd hts eyes to his own vitcness, and. made - him ashamed of, the infamous life he led iu. secret., Fjroveu had sho bcon froo,. ho knew that lie was unworthy of lior, and that.it wuuhl havo boon sacrilogo to havo matched such a - spoutless- lily, such a stately strati, with a thing ' steepod to tho Hps in vico, a mere well-dressed, correctly- upeakuig, rufihui ! What" a' droadfiil tin?o thia was I Under the! smooth exterior, of n plcasatn country party, heiv \rcro wa nil in such turmoil and tumult u( duubt and ( oar nnd love and sorrow ao mado tho wholo thing a tragedy. I think 1 had as hard a part to play as any 1 one. Guitievero ilindo ovor Morse Herbert . to; rao as if- ho had boon a fan or a bouquet to hold, AVhenovorho wapted to bo with her she - usod to call me on some pcrtext, and then glide quietly away and loavo us tog-ithor. For tho most part:' sho went off with tho prince, and naturally Morso could nob ho 8? tudo as to loave mo alono. 1 was so sorry for him ! I used, to feol (hat I would havo thankfully laid down ray lifo to have mado him happy! . I wondorod at Gujno- j roro. as much as if oho had suddenly changed by somo supernatural influenco, and I hated the princo tparo dhd mure, bsoiaso of tho pain lhat ho had caused my poor friend! ' And Morso was. so grateful -to me'!- It almost broko ray heart to neo how. this tisio,- noblo -fellow clung to mo because I was Guinovoro'/ sister, and how touched ho wsa by my synipatliy; Ono day ho shid!— "Ah, Rachi'l! if Guinavero had your sweet naturo and lovely ch&vacfcr; ; and if sho only eared for mo as much ao' you do, dear little sister I" 4Sho is far. better thati I am, Morse," I an- aworcd ; 4< and somo day aho will lovo you as you aesorvo to bo loved." lfolt my faco grow crimson whon I said this, and, in spito of mysolf, tho tears would como iv to ray eyes— I don«t know why— only, perhaps, it pained, and shocked mo to think' that my sietor— my quoon, my star, my beloved- should, havo fallen so far below her beet solf as not to lovo this noblo fellow, and to givo bim pain be cauao of such n man as tho prlnco. Wo wcro all out on tho torraco that e7erfng, and, as usual, tho thrco men liad cluadorcd around Guinovoru — Donald, tho princo, and Morso Herbert. It was a kind of trianyuinr duol atnoug thom— a trial of skill which suemld claim hor attention, and make himself tbo gaost favored. Morao, with an outburst of passion nnd p'de strangoly unliko himself, seemed as if ho utood on his rights aud intended to tnako Guinevere respect and acknowledge them. Tho prince, quiot, nubtlo, fascinating, offering homago Iiko incense, asked mutely for favor. Donald, fovorish, eager, and in soma cases insolent, at loaat to tho princo, flung himself, oh it wcro, on tho spoara of hor acorn, but with a wild, strange air, na if ho wished to protect hor— from whom or what? And nil thia whilo sho stood as a queen, among thorn, suprrino in graco nnd beauty nnd tinconquornblo prido, at least to Morso nnd Donald,' bub nil aweotness and almost tendornoss to tho Princo. . Adolino and I, with .Mackonzio and ono. or two others, woro at a littlo distance from them, —just a few stops ; but I stood whero I could hear and see all. . 4-4' How beautifully tho monnshinos on tho fountain!" said Guincvcro, suddenly, looking down tho long, dark nvenoo to whero . tho fountain, . at tlio ond,'shono in the moonlight r Iiko ootno palb softly shrouded ghost. . . - M Yes, ; lob mo tnko-you to :ir,". said Morse ' Horbort. cagorljvoffering.hisarra..' -"Yes; let us go," skid Donald, ranging himself on the other aide. \- Tito princo oaid-nothing, but he looked at lioV. with pleading oyos, nnd sho- looked back at liim with Answering ones. " Very woll, . we will go." said Guinovare.' .Tlion iu, hor quiot, quoeniy way, turning to ' Morso said; 44 Morse, .bring Racliel. The Prince will-take caro of mo." ... Sho ignorod Donald altogether. Such a strangoly rapt, such a wonderful look of Jove and triumph and delight came on: thd faco of tho princo a's.ho took hor hand- and d?ew it on his arm 1 He wae playing iu part hero I Uo did truly and roally lovo lior. Who, indeed, could holp it? ' But I saw Donald Glenbarron soizo hts arm | and hold it for a minute,- as if in u vico, and X ; diotiuotly heard him say: ( , 44 Scoundrel, you shall smart for thli I!'- a® ho pushed past htm rudbly and loft the -terrace in a rago. Morso, too, was painfully, agitated and : I could fool his arm. tremblo with. suppress ed -passion. -1 ."'t , But what1 could ho do ? Ho was not the kinf3 w. ...... muuu u vuigur untwi, tor rno xavcw of any woman. If sho preferred another to him ? self, though it broko his bonny ho would ro ' spoct her. choice. Ho might, being a roan, find ' soino .occasion torevengo himsolf on his rival, but ho would not mako a bcoqo in tbo pres'onco of his lady, aud .ho would not found his quarrol on hor namo. y I did iny , best to" console him. but my bost 1 was very, very -little. , How. could I. cqiisojo ' him in his terriblo position, with nil thongony ' and humiliation that besot it ? What .were my fullest love and sympathy . to him, comparod with the yant of Guinovoro '« / Ho RBomcd pleased, howovor, by my tondornrsa, sand ho mado 'ray heart light for all its sorrowful lieav- > ings for lum .by, tho woy .in which ho said,— ... ' ' My . darling little sister,, witliout jou I should be wrotoh'od iiidoed ! You aro tho only point of light in .'my 'present life. " You aro worth, vory much to mo— you aro very, vory dear.".,. '.. "I wish I could mako you happy," £ . an&worcd;, 44I % would if I'-could, ' ileavrn. knows," ; '.f' , .J'i; v . " I know you would. " ho said' 41 and ifo fnr as you can, you do. For 'my ' b wn« ho) f roa p c ci . , I must not otiduro thia position, any longcr. Ik is imundurablo, aud Ishould dbspiso. iii'yaelf.ifi.X did not pub dn ond to it. 1 must , itiako Guine- ' voro oxplain horsolf. olearly ; and if alio coiuiut lo;o,mo— " v ' ' ' V ' " ' ' Ho stopped, fur his voico /suddenly broko, and I saw him raise his hand to liis throat and looaou tho knot of his necktio, '. "Tncu wo shall loao you again," I said ; and toars eauiQ into my oyes,. whether X would or no. . , . ' ; "Ynu will nover lose mo," ho answered, prcBiug my hand kindly. 44 To the eud of ni'y lifo I Shall nevor forgot your sweet -kindness to ' mo in my troublo ; and nevor cease to love you as my dear littlo sister, .-my sweet child friond." . . > 44Thankyou,"Ieaid. ' But I wns not quito a child:- I was nearly oightcon now, . Guinevere wns juat tweuty- throo. That night, thoro was an awful row down- ' stairs nmongat tho men. I was standing by tho opon window, for I was too uuhappy and ba- wildorod toolocp, aud i heard first Donuld find Mnroo talking together, thon Donald and tho princo/ I did not bear tho wholo coiivorsailou, of courso, Ididnot lis ton, and I conkl not. havo hoard it all oven if I hod lintoncd. I did not wisli to hoar it. But 1 dill hear Donald aay to Motaoi-A 44djoavo him to mo,' Horbort; X' will scttk him hotter than yon can," and . I. heard bim aftorward aay to tho princo : r 44 You'ro a scoundrel— a biggor ecoundrol than I thought you,' Karl. If .you do not drop it, I will oxposo you,, cost whut itv J lUfty." X will hot add tho oaths and bad language with which ho olenchod this oxolumation, I did uqt hoar what tho princo said in reply. He hada eoft, low, 1 voico, nnd always 1 spoke in ru rathor subdued tone '; but Donald's voico wq® harsh and- loud aud .rough, una ho novor moderated '"it, so tliac it . was easy to hear his answer w roturn,: though I- could nob catelvaa eound of tho other,— To v& GoKTmuBu,' PC i 