THE FALL OF GRIFFITH. Sir Samuel Griffith has fallen. His price was the Chief Justiceship of Queens land and £3,500 a year. He might, one day, have been the brain of a great move ment that would stir humanity to its base —the thinking-machine, controlling and regulating and directing the forces of whole armies of strong limbs and beating hearts. In this sense he might have looked to be a leader of men. That was his dream. He looked into the future, and saw a federated Australia grappling in the might of its lusty youth with the monsters before which the old, grey nations cower appalled, reading the riddles of the Sphinx, and shouting the good tidings of a new hope to the weary, toilworn masses in the lands across the sea ; and high above it all, in the seat of honor and of pride, he saw—it doesn't matter now what he saw. Samuel Walker Griffith, the apostate, has tumbled down to the bench of a pro vincial law court. And we pity him. This man's unhappy career is a warn ing to those who know not how to wait. Griffith saw the evils of land monopoly and chartered privilege, and years ago he fought strenuously to defeat, and did de feat, the land-grab railway swindle promo ted by M'll wraith & Co. It was a voice crying in the wilderness against the alienation of Crown lands before the single-tax league had cut its lirst teeth. With a clear fore sight of all that the Kanaka slave trade meant—that it was putting in the hands of the nigger-driver of to-day a new lash for the back of the white slave of to morrow—he led a victorious crusade with the watchword, " Australia for the white man !" It was decreed that the Kanaka slave trade must stop. Then he turned his eyes to the white slave trade. " Free dom of contract!" he cried scornfully. "There is no such thing between em ployer and employed. The weaker party is driven to accept the terms which the stronger party chooses to give. Why should the laborer not Bhare in the profits that the capitalist now seizes ? Why, rather, should he not have them all?" That was the Samuel Walker Griffith of 1888\. And he looked to see the laboring masses honor him as a god. But they turned away and worshipped at other shrines. If he had waited, some day he would have got his reward for the things he did. But he could not wait; his heart turned to gall and bitterness, and he wheeled round savagely and undid it all. Freedom of contract! he drove it in at the point of the bayonet. The Kanaka slave trade ! he opened wide the flood gates and let the black tide in. Land alienation! he handed Queensland over to the tender mercies of the dummyist. Land-grab railways 2 he forced them on a protesting country with a brigade of dumb, servile votes in parliament and the inexorable gag. Then, with all the work of his life in ruins, he turned his back on the smouldering wreck, and slunk, away with his thirty pieces of silver in his renegade apostate hand. His Honor Sir Samuel Griffith has £3,500 a year; but his Honor Sir Samuel Griffith has also a ghost that will never leave him asleep or awake—the phantom of what he was, of what he might have been. So let us pity him. Life has many things in store for the man of Griffith's talents. They are quali ties that bring a big price in the market where their owner goes a-huckstering. Sir Samuel may yet change his knight hood for a peerage. Hands like his will find it not impossible to shape the judicial bench into a ladder to the Privy Council and the House of Lords. He need not -want for gauds to blazon his dishonor. But the Dead Sea fruit is duBt and ashes, gild it how you will. Even if he carry the dregs of his spoilt life to the woolsack, he can never hope again to share even the leper's untroubled content, unless, indeed, the future holds for him the leper's boon of dulled sensibility and poppied forgetful ness. We have no tribute for him now but pity—a pity that the tragic squalor of his fallen fortunes makes too mournful for contempt. \- Bulletin. 