BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. An attempt was made recently to kill King Charles of Portugal and his wife by means of an infernal machine. Nobody was hur\ The Ounard and White Star line have ordered in Scotland steamers 700 feet long and 70 feet broad, with 30,000 horse power. The shipbuilding statistics of the world for 1891 show a strong tendency towards smaller vessels and towards a revival of Bailing craft. The Saltan has given orders for the immediate construction of fortification of the Dardanelles which, with 250 heavy cannons, will cost 50 million francs. According to the Rissian official statistics, the United Kingdom last year took nearly 28 per cent, of all tbe Russian exports, and sent more than 22 per cent, of the total imports. The yellow fever causes great devastation in Mexico, especially at Cordova, a town at the foot of the volcanic Oriziba. Thousands flee to the mountains to escape from the scourge. In competition for a prize offered by a French paper for the best examples of microscopic writing, a constant reader sent in I he whole history of Christopher Columbus written on an egg. A gentleman of leisure in England has jast built a dairy of Carrara marble, fitted through- out with electric light, and all the motive power for separators and churns and washing purposes is supplied by electricity. A manifesto from the Pope to tbe French Cabinet is being published, according to which the Vatican is determined fiimly. to support tbe Republic, and not to encourage any pretender, be he kingly or Imperial. The number of deaths from cholera in Russia, up to September 1, was officially placed st about 160,003. Adding to this upwards of 40,000 deaths in other parts of the Continent, gives a total of 200000 victims in Europe alone. A feature of the Chicago World's Fair is to be a statue of solid ellver 8ft. high, costing 60,000 iol, and standing upon 250,000dol. worth oi gold modelled into a pedestal. The figure is to represent Miss Ada Rshan in the character of Justice. A baronet and an ex-member of Parliament lu London have had a strange reverse of for tune. They are at tbe present time getting their living by driving cabs in London. Tbe only reverse of fortune which disturbs our legislators is getting iato gaol. In Brussels, the mayor recently united in marriage the local aeronaut, ThieL Wishes suitable to the profession of the bridegroom were expressed, and everything being ready the happy couple soon afterwards went up iu a balloon on their honeymoon trip. The Ioman steamer City of Paris has made the shortest western Transatlantic voyage— gamely, 5 days 14 hours 24 minutes, being 1 hour and 34 minutes shorter than her previous shortest voyage. The best day's run was €30 miles. For the whole voyage tbe hourly average was 20 7 knots. By a recent will in Great Britain, the magni ficent sum of over £162,000 was left for public purposes, chiefly connected with hygiene. Of this, £50,000 is to ba used for the express purpose of teaching cookery and providing appliances in voluntary elementary echools throughout the country for that purpose. It appears that during last year nearly B"IX millions of Bkins were imported into England. Of Australian opossum there were 2 254,000, and tbe musk rat came next with 1,396,000 ; then the shunk, 554 000; and the racoon, 549,100. OF fur seals there weie 125.700; bear, 12,700; heaver, 11,600 ; chinchilla, 7700; and otter, 7300. From the last report of the National Asso" elation for Supplying Medical Aid to the Women of India it appears that there are 48 hospitals or dispensaries for women in operation nine being in the Native States. Also that' last year there were treated 412 591 temOes, including 51,973 in the hospitals of tbe Native States. An Irishman and MB wife named Finnigan were recently found by the Paris police in an uooccupied piece of ground. Finnigan fought in the Crimea. According to hiB account, he etartedwith hie wife from Gibraltar on foot Cor Chelsea to look after his pension. It took •them three months to tramp to Paris, and tnoBt of the time they lived on bread and water. Even in Boston, the home of Amerioan culture, the "degradation of manners" iB deplored. Heavy charges are made agaiDst Booiety belles. " Frivolous and brusque damsels show little of tbe tact and charm of their mothers. Carelessness oi form, selfish pleasure seeking, w y terms with men, cigarette smoking, and slang 'characterise the young women of the smart set." Rather more than 30 years ago the total number of hospitals and dispensaries in British India was only 181. and the total list of r patients j iBt 111,118. Now there are io India lflil institutions, treating 265,000 indoor patients and 11,978,000 outdoor snaking a total of considerably over 12,000,000 of persons receiving medical aid and advice. BssideB these there ate 25 lunatic asylums and S3 leper hospitals. At Dunmow, in Eaex, two brothers, hearing the name of Matthews, married two sisters «amed Barnard, and, shortly atter the double cnatriaae had been gone through, tbe father of " , who wag ft widower, married the widowed mother of the bridegrooms. Dinmow is one of the parishes in which the custom of presenting a flitch of bacon to each married couple who come forward and state that thev have not quarrelled during the preceding 12 months still exists. The Lebel r fl i which was used by the French in the recent cor A ct with the Dahomeyans must be a terrible weapon. It is reported that "the bullets of the rib itflict wounds like those made by explosive bullets. For thoBe who have not actually teen it, it Is difficult to form any idea of their rendlrg action on the human body. TheBe < ffjets of the Lnbei weapon are a revelation for *very one. Even the largest trees afforded no shelter for the enemy, for they were pierced right through." According to the last report "f Mr. Michel!, the British Consul at St. Petersburg, the frhole foreign trade of Russia last year ammintpd to £112 348,276 as compared with £136 027,925 in 1890, showing a decrease of over 17 per cent. Tbe imports amounted to £38,276,549, or £11,468.284 less than the previous year. Apart from the general distress caused by the famine, this was due to the Russian customs tariff, with its higher rates of duty on manufactured goods, machinery, and raw and half-worked products. Opposite Rsnan's dwelling a barber one day opened his shop. Renan went there to get shaved, and found the owner of the establishment quite a modest and inoffensive parson. The barber, recognising in his customer a gentleman of literary distil.c'.ion, asked him to devise for him a motto which he could place on his trade sign. M. Renan thought for a momentand then, taking a card fromhis pocket, wrote a line in Greek, of which the following is a translation :—" I shave quickly, and hold my tongue." To this dav the eign and inscription may be seen at the Hue de Tournon. The United States Geological Survey has been for ten years engaged in making a map of the United StateB. The piece, 6 feet in length and 4 feet in width, now ready, includes tbe State of Connecticut and a bit of Long Island and Eistern New York. This map will take at leaBt 25 more years to compete. Upon it will be indicated every stream, brook, hillock, mountain, valley, farm, village and city. It will show every public and private road as completely as a surveyor's map of a small township. In addition, the Geological Survey is preparing an outline map of the country. Few of the Royal personages of Europe are without a fad for collecting (observes an English newspaper) Tin Princa of Wales is re puted to pcsu84 the finest collection of tobacco' pipes in the world, while the Princes* is justly proud of her unique and extensive collection of silver at Marlborough House. Tbe Czirina of Russia has an unsurpassed collection of tur quoises, while tbe Cztr is a diligent collector of postage stamps and birds' eggs. The Qieen of Italy hunts for the slipper? and gloves of sovereigns of aU ages. The Emperor of Ger- many and the King of Romania are famous autograph collectors. " Waste products" will soon be a meaning* less phrase, lor nothing is useless. A French inventor has discovered a means of transforming the refuse of sugarworks into a building material. The calcareous deposit left after crushing the cane is introduced into a mill, where it is incorporated witn fcorffi, or with coal ashes, in the proportion of two parts of the calcareous paBte to one of the mineral; tbe substance is then triturated between cylinders, moulded into briquettes under pressure, and dried in the open air, when the material soon acquires sufficient bardness to render it available for building purposes. News recently reached Liverpool of the arrival at Sierra Leone of a remarkable specimen of the ostrich'tribe, which the people of that colony had seen for the first time. The ostrich, which is 10ft. bigb, bad come from Central Africa, and walked a distance rf at least 600 miles to the British colony. It is a most unusual circumstance for an ostrich to be found in Central Afrioa, and when it reached 3'erra L°one the whole population turned out to see it. The traffic of the streets was stopped, and the Governor had to send a special company of native police to escort it to the Sierra Leone Coaling Company's premises. From the $nal districts of Northern Bohemia a wonderful rescue of entombed miners is recorded. In a coal-pit at Bilin five miners were overwhelmed by an irruption of wa'er and sand. The accident erouced no special attention, as in tbe previous month more than 300 men had lost their lives by the fire in the B'lver mine of Pirbram. Two of the miners were saved after 42 hours, and the other three were brought up alive after 18 days' imprisonment underground. During the whole time the unhappy men remained without food and without hope of deliverance. They kept themselves alive by drinking the water which trickled through the sand. A very valuable train-load was recently conveyed over tbe American continent by speoieil train from San Francieco to New York, which contained 20,000,000dol. in gold. The gold was pecked in boxes, and these were packed in cars of wrought steel that were bomb-proof. The car<?o wes being transferred from the San Francisco Mint to tbe New York Sub- Treafurv, Fiftv armed men in the employ of the United States mail service eccnmpanied the train. When tbe train arrived in NVw York the contents were transferred to mail waggon*, all guarded by armed jnen, the operation taking five bonrp, and tbe counting occupying four days. The whole amount ct gold coin weighed about 40 torn, It appear;) that.Bsrlin bad, in tbe year 1890, 291 inns, 253 wine-shops, 6243 beer-shops, 35 coffee, tea, and chocolate shops, 719 place* where beer, coffee, and tea were sold, 823 licensed for the sale of spirits, and 142 confectioners' shops. Thus the wine and beer could be obtained'in 85C6 duces, the number of which is raised "to 10,913 reckoning tbe 103 soda-water booths and the 2304 retail traders in spirits. Compared with the year 1881, the loot- named number shows an inceaap of 2806, the inns of 84, the wine-shops of 127, the beerabops of 1060, the beer, coffee, and tea bouses oi 226, the ginshops of 232, and tbe retail traders of 1004. An extraordinary land arbitration case is to be heard in.America. In San Diego, six persons named Felix have preferred a claim, as inheritors of the fifth generation of the descendants of Don Miguel Peralta, to a tract of country situated in the Salt River Valley, ia Ariz ma. D >n Miguel Peralta lived in the reign of King Ferdinand VI. of Spain, and be was dubbed Baron of Colorado. The territory consists of a ranch of 4,780,090 acres. The case will come before the Court in D inver. Should the claim be established, the Government will have to surrender the land, which yields from the settlers there the eum of 1 iol. 25c. an acre. The tract of land includes tbe State of Phoenix and the famous Ca'sa Grande. No scientific body in the United States has as mmy millionaires as the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. At the top of tbe list is Alexander Graham Ball, whose profits on the telephone are represented by eight figures. Next comes Elisnn with a seven figure fortune. B ush, of electric light fame, Elibu Thomson, and Edward Weston are more rhau millionaires. Frank J. Sprapue was s j ir.ior officer in the United States Navy. He i<3 now living in the mansion which was built for the Grants. His company sold out to the 'E lison Company for £250,000, and half of it went to the inventor. Messrs. Bell, Thomson, and Weston are all of British birth. Most of these men were telegraph operators, and most of them began their experimenting and study without a dollar, Colonel Dodds, the hero of Dahomey, the French commander who has crushed the bloodthirsty king of that country and his Amszms, is a comparatively unknown man. He is an officer in what is known as tbe " Infantrie de Marine," which has nothing to do, n" m<ght be inferred, with the body known in Eigland as marines. The troops of the " Io tan trie de Marine" are mainly used for the French colonies, such as Senegal, New Caledonia, &i.; The difference between them and the regular and territorial armies is that, while the latter ie raised by conscription, the former is more of a voluntary character. Colonel Dodds is said to be about 45 years of age, and much more is likely to be heard of bim in the future after his recant successes, As his countryman would say, " On ira loin." An association baB been formed In Paris, and is new in full working order, which will probably be the precursor of many similar organisations in other great cities all over the world. It hs<< adopted for its emblem and title "The White Cross." It opens workhouses in the best sen Be of the word. Desti tute men and women are received and pro' vided with employment such ss enables them to earn at least 2a. a day. They are also furnished with board and lodging, for which they are charged Is. a day ; the overplus is carried to a eavincs fund, and when £2 have been accumulated the association finds an en gagement for the man or woman in some suit' able occupation outeide, and bis or her savings are handed over to the owner. A gratuitous dispensary, founded by Dr. Arthaud, ia one of the features of the institution. There are still many people who read tbe writings of Thomas Cooper, and these will be interested in knowing the circumstances in which he recently received a grant of £200 from the G v-rnraent (observes an English contemporary) Mr. Mundella, who in days gone by stood on the same platform as Cooper, was talking to Mr. Balfour, and remarked that he wished he was First Lord of the Treaenrv for 10 minutes. " What," inquired Mr. Balfour, " would you do t' Mr. Mundella took from his pocket a letter he bad received from his old friend, and said, * would send Cooper £200." "Is be still rebel," asked Mr. Balfour, lightly. "He never was a rebel, but merely a Conservative in advance of his time," retaliated Mr. Mun della. Eventually, on the ground of Cnoper'i contribution to literature, Mr. Balfour relented and tbe £200 were sent. A med'aml custom still prevails in Feel berg, in Breifgau. This is observed on tbe birthday of the reigning Grand Duke Baden, and consists of a foolhardv trip to tbe topmast part of the tower of the Mineter. is a dangerous enterprise, for the tower often a yard apart, and one false step on the narrow ledges would be death. At the top most pinnacle pistol- shots announce that the climbers have succeeded. Then an immense gilded «*ar revolves, and the descent has be cun. Eich man receives as a reward a sum five markn from the State and a fumptuouB dinner. The other day, on (h* occasion of the 66 h 1 irthday of tbe Grand Duke of Baden three men undertook the ascent. Oje tbun, on arriving at a pnjecting bar of iron half-way up. went thrown an acrohatic performarce. This wes before s* itnmense crowd of astonished spectators, twisted atd twirled about as if he were but within a few feet of tbe earth. ' The American newspapers are troubled by the diecovery that the number of men in that country is largely in excess of women, and chat tbe disproportion between the bix u b is increasing with each decennial period. Tbe sexes have compared an follow in the three la*t census years :—In 1870 there weie 97 801 females to every 100,000 males, so that out of every million m°n 27,993 were doomed to celibacy. In 1880 there were 96, 544 females every 100,000 males, so that out of every million men 34,560 could not find wives. I.i 1890 there were 95,280 females to every 100,000 males, so that out of every million men there were 47 200 who had no female counterparts. At this rate, in a few Tears the number of bachelors who ate bachelors from necessity will become bo large as to be a serious social inconvenience. If women become so scarce that specimens command a premium, society would be confronted with a problem that will be as novel as it may be grave. An enterprising aid mccessful caner of swindling has come to light at Montpellier (writes a Pari* correspondent) The cbief personage has fled j ast in time to eec»pe arres f . According to bis own statement, he wbb a native of Boston. He set np in Montpellier as money-lender, employing touts to bring customers to his shop. His fa\'<"im'e victims were merchants in temporary diffi :aUies and young men impatieut of coming into their estate. He made them sign bills for five and six times the Bum actually lent. This was not all in cash, tbe borrower being obliged to accept part of tbe advance in billa drawn hy the lender on London, Brussels, and other foreign towns. Hd discounted his clients' bills through local merchants, to whom he ^ave enormous commission?. F ir instance, he would lend £50 on a bill for £200. which he wonld immediately negotiate for £120. Of late he no longer advanced money immediately, but took his clients' billa and negotiated them, and put off paying them on the plea that he wanted time to make erqnirier. He thus gained something like £5000 in a few months. This swindler is supposed to have been living under an assumed name. He spoke French and English fluently, bad lived in Paris, had no American accent, and evidently was a cosmopolitan, but, it would Bppear, was technically Dutch. A correspondent of a Shanghai journal, writing from Kiukiang, on tbe Yargtre, mentions that he has ocen a eieht which is not often Been even in Chins. Tois ia a man who has taken a vow to watch thTee years at his mother's grave. Tbe lady died at tbe end of last year, and was buried, as usual, on the side of a neighboring bill in the family buryingplace. When the remains bad been consigned to the earth the son declared that he would not leave the grave for three years, and so far has been true to bis word. The writer saw him when he had already been at bis selfappointed task nearly seven months, and says he will not soon forget the sight and smell. Around the hut there were three well-kept graves, those of his father, brother, and wiie, and Inside, that of his mother. During the three years of his vigil he does not wai-h himself, tbe straw upon which he lies is not removed, he does not charge his clothes until the time expires, he doeB not come out of the little place for any cause whatever, he speaks to none, except, perhaps, cccasiorally, and then only briefly, to his nearest relatives. One faintly imagine the foulness of such den and tbe condition of an unshorn human being after such an rxisterce. If he survives the three years he will be highly honored, the officials will go in state and receive him, and report the mattrr to the throne, and he will receive from tbe Emperor's hand a board containing four characters lauding b : s virtue. He may also receive some small official preferment and will thus be well provided !or. Tbe Datives say that, although be is alone on the hillside among tbe graves, no ghosts or devils will interfere with him, and poisonous Bnakes will not come near him. On a recent Sunday, in Sr. Michael's Church, Eiinburgh, the Rev. George Wilson gave a lec'ure in connection with tbe Young Men's Guild, takiDg as his enVj-ct "Bad Books." He would rot, he said, give them a list of good books and a list of bad books, be* cause it would take too much time to do bo, and, it he did so, he knew as much cf human nature as to know that tbev would all go and read the bad books. But he would give tbem certain rules by which they would know which books were bad :—1. That book wbb irretrievably brd which made wrongdoing heroic— which made heroes of men who bad broken any one of the Ten Commandments— and he counselled the young men to avoid such books, and there were many of tbem. 2. Tbe book was bad which made tbe issue of life depend on a turn of the wheel of fortune, instead of an honest, sturdy, and honest manly effort. 3. The book was bad which was more destructive than corstiuctive. In connection with this, he compared Renan and Tennyson, who bad much in common ; but the one's energies were devoted to pulling down, the other's to building up. Renan bad left behind bim a ruin ; he had broken the faith of the people; his books would b<« buried with him. Tennyson's dust would be laid in the Poets' Corner ; but they wculd never bury " In Memorism." Again, the bookwas bad that was more exhaustive than Miggestivr—that did all the thinking for them. And, lastlv, that waB for the young men a bad hor>k that had for tbem a better taste than the Bible, which w~B the best of a'4 books. 