LOG A L AND GENE KA L . Thoso who wish to havo tlioir names placed on tho olectoral roll for tbo ensuing year mUBt send in their claims not later than November 24. Thisapplios to all claiming under tho wages or salary qualification. and to others whose qualification has been in any way changed during tho current year. Tho 'migration returns for tho quarter ondod September are gazetted. During the quarter 3434 persons arrived at the Colony, as against 613G for tho corresponding quarter of 1891. The departures totalled 3888, as against 4042 for the corresponding poriod of lost year. Tho valuation roil for tho district of Litrobe for 1893 appears in the " Gnxotto." Appeals will bo heard at tho Courthoifo, Latrobo, on Friday, October 28, but five clear days' notico of appeal must bo for warded to the Dopttly-Clcrk of tho Fence at Latrobo. The resignation by Mr S. Sternberg of his appointmont as a district justice hns been ncoeptcd. .Wednesday, October 26, is gnxottcd n bank holiday in tho towns of Latrobo, theffiold, and Devonport. At the Court of Requests, East Devon port, yestordny, : boforo tho Commissioner, P. C. Mnxwollj Esq, tho caso, W. H. Wright v. 0, Johnson, claim, £2 Is Dd, goods sold and dolivorcd, was called on, hut as neithor jwirty appeared, the caso was struck out. In Nickols v. J. Broad, ordor for coiiimi til, tho judgment dobtor was cxaminod at length as to his means, sinco jiidgmoiit hid booiibntcrod up.' IHs Honor mado an order fur (ho committal of tho 1 judgment dobtor, but stipulated that Iho warrant should lio in Iho Court for a week to admit of tho amount owing boing pnid- An order for. review of taxation of costs in Campboll v. Flint was inndo by Mr Muoro, solicitor for the defendant, in Uio action. Mr Hall appeared for J. Campboll. After n lengthy nrgumont between counsol, all tho items previously disnllowcd by tho Registrar wero i.l.owcd by Iho Court, with the ex option of part of iho witness' ox-, ponscs. . : .. V- The wliolosalo .larconios in tho diBtrio', ropor od in our InBt issu'o, wore boforo tho East Dovonport Folico. Court, yestorday, boforo P. 0. Maxwell, Eq,: P.M., and G. B. Moon, Esq, J.P., when Walter Templar, 19 yoars of ago, was charged with s'cab'ng a cart, saddlo and broccliing, horse's collar, two pairs of liamcs, one piir of winkers nud ploiigh linoof llio total vnluu of £4, from Horbrrt Vortignn's farm at tho Forth Tho accused, who o'cetdd to bo summarily dealt wi h, pleaded guilty. A.-'Socond oliargo of stealing a riding saddlo, horso collar, ono pair of hames, and oho pair of clnin, traces, valuod at £5, from W. Scott's farm at East Dovonport, on Soptonibor 20, was prorcrrad against tho accused,'- who pleaded gui'ty. A third charge of stalling luirness, Ac, ro'ucd at £1, from W. Hnrk- ness, at Latrobo, was road, and tho accused also ploaded guilty. Tho accused wasabo chnr.'ed with stealing somo sundries from .Mr Boatwi ight's premises, at Latrobo, . on September 28. Ho pleaded guilty. Supor- intohdent D lscoll said tho wholo iof .tho stolen property lm<l been recovered by tho poli o, and Uio accused was arrested at his father's houso, at Stott's PI <ins, on Monday ovoning, by Fub-Inspootor Collott and two constables"-- Tlio rkting "-'flitld'0w«B .ro-. covorcd.at Fulphur Creek, in tlio possession of tho accused's undo. Tho : police had' experienced considerable -.difficulty, in tracing tlio property, and lie requested tho Bonch to inflict suoh punishment as would net as ft-wa-ning to Uio nociised, and Bimilnr wrongdoers. After a short considerationj tho Bench said thoy would treat Teach charge ns a i first offenco, nnd would son- tonoo him to Rix months' imprisoumont on each charge, tho.rontbncos to bo cumulative, Tho Bto'oa property was ordered to bo restored, to tho owners. Acbuscd'was also charged with stealing a bay mare, valued nt £12, from Sarah McKay, rot East Devon- port, .'on September v 23.:; Superintondent Dnscoll applied for a romand -until tlio following day. Tlio animal had only bcon recovered on tho previous day. Tito Bench romandod tiiq accused until'to-day. v; At- tlio East Dovonport' 'Folico Courtj ; yosterdity; boforo F. C. Maxwoll/EsqfP.M.',' and G. B. Moou, Esq, J.F., Jolin . Templar WHO MiUIjUU- mm BIWIllllg U JJIIMIfe oai.u.w from William Scott'sfarin, nt East Dovon port, on Soptombor 20. Mr C. J. Hall ap- penrod for thb accused nnd applied ! or a romaud. - The accused had boon summoned ns a witness in tho pravious'cnso, but on appearing outside tlio Court he was arrested. Superintendent Driscoll said it was prr- feotly truo that tho accused had been sum moned ns a witness. Ho would not givo any explanation as to his possession of tlio saddle, and was accordingly arrested. Tho Bench remanded tho accusod for one week, and altowed bail in ono surety of £5, and accused's own recognisance in a like sum. At tlio Latrobo Folico Court on Tuesday, beforoP.C Maxwell, Esq, P.M., .and M. Nathan, Esq, J. P., Margarot Connolly (who appeared in a state of inebriety, and tho caso was heard ox parto) was charged witli supplying liquor to James Cairns, a prohibited person. After hearing evidence tlio accusod was fined £1, with tho altor- nativo of oub month's imprisonment- William Cairns (tho fatherof tlio prohibit) pleaded guilty to a similar offence, and a similar pcnnlty was iniposod. Tho pro hibit, James Cairns, pleaded guilty to using tho liquors, but tho polico not pressing tho charge ho was let off with a month's im prisonment nnd a caution as to what would bo Iris sentence if ho again offondod. Timothy and Maria Martin, of Sassafras, were chargod with tlio larc ny of a ring from a hawker. After hearing evidence for tlio prosecution, Mr J. Stcor addressed tho Bonch for tho accused, and the decision was reserved for fourteen days, for tho opinion of tho Attornoy-Gonerai, bail boing allowed, in accused's personal recognisance of £5 each, and two suretio3 of a liko amount — Yesterday, boforo G. Atkinson, Esq, J.P., Margarot Connolly, for drunken ness, was fine! 5s, or in default twenty- four hours' imprisonment. William Cairns, for a similar offenco, was fined 10s, with a similar alternativo. QWo (understand that on .Tuesday some members of tho Torloton Road .Trust met die occupier of tho Appledoro Estalo, with reference to a direct road to Sproyton. A routs waa pointed out by Mr Thomas, but this was not agreed to by tlio members, who, wo boliovo, contend that the route advocated by tho Dovonport Town Board is the most practicable. Our Stott's Plains correspondent writes, under Tuesday's date A lad named William Linton had a narrow oicapo yes terday. Ho was split ing rails, and in using tho nxo it slippod, cutting his boot about 4in in length, nnd just marking two of iris toes.— Things nro g nornlly dull, ami news not over plentiful —Tho Scriptures say, ,k Six days slialt thou labor," but I notice this is not the rulo with somo of tlio leading gcntlomon. Last funday I saw ono driving cattlo through Wcsloy Vnlo, township, nnd young people sooin to thick thoy can footrace and so on. If spoken to, thoy say, " Look nt Mr So nnd So.'» What can wo expoct if such things nro allowed. Ono tiuio when Sunday trains wero run the people rose up and stopped fllCIIl. Satisfactory progress is being mado wi'I: tlio construction of tho Dovonport water works. At tlio reservoir on Parker's Hill tlio conorote work has .been connnonccd, In this conticotion wo may mention that tlio mixture boing use I is not in accordance) with tlio Bpooificalions, although it is thought by Mr T. Hodgson, tbo board's engineer, to bo equally as durable, and will not be so expensive to tho contractor. Tlio shinglo for thoconcroto wasyostorday boing obtained from tho banks of tho Morsoyi .noar_ tlio _ forry.. . A bout -dozon' nion aro omployed on tlio rosorvoir, tlio majority bbing local laborcrs. A fault .has been found , with tho sito so'octod for tlio reser voir on Kolcoy's .U ill. Tlio dork of woiks maintains tlint it is a landslip, but to Uio inoxporionccd it Booms to bo a rogular bog Mr Hodgson has, (is wo dated in a provious issue, booh cominunicatod with, but bwiiig to indisposition lio has becirunnblo to leave Melbourne -Ho - has informed tho board, liowovor, that lie will be over ns soon ns his -health pormits. > 'At the hoidworks Iho enrotako-'d cottngo is Hearing complotion,. and satisfactory arrangomontH nro boing mado with' owners of land with regard to tho pipo track. t\ During tho examination of tho judgment dobtor in iho o«flti Niukola v. Broa l, at tlio Court of Requests, Bust Dovonport, yes terday, , n olmrgo approaching nmkihg a' fnlso declination was inoalinnod. Tbo jndgniont dobtor, iu reply to MrO. J.ilnll, who npprorod for tho judgmont creditor, said , he had not been flervod pdrsonnlly wirii the Biunmons to appear at tho Court tint day. Tho doonmont was, given lo'hls wifu's sislor, and ho did not kaow n word about it. until ho enmo homo in tho oven- ing. Mr Hiril said < thoro .wus something rndicnlly wrong, nud on refcrenne to the service of suuunons it wan ssou that tlio -ussislnnt bailiff nt' Rniltan hid doclarcd ihut lio had sorved the summons r.ersonally on September 16. In reply to His Honor, Sopiirinlonilont Driscoll suit! ho -would in- stituto nn onquiry into tho matlor. Broad persisted in ; Iris stntcment that the sum mons bad not baou doliverod to liiin by tlio assistant bailiff, but- by bis wife's isler. .f . : is-.TIio porpetrator'of tlio outrage at East Dovonpo t by which a horse was stolon from Mr Scott's farm, .nnd . a dead animal put in its placo, lo lcavo tho -imprCBsion that it was Mr-Scott's horso that had diod, hns so far escaped arrest, . but a cluo to tho doed hns been obtained.1' Tho dead animal bears a most striking rosemblahco to ono which hns bcon reported; ns misring from tho Penguin, and it is broadly. hinted thai tho young fellow at present confined in tho East Dovonport look-up, awaiting his trial f->r horso-stoaling, knows something about tho matter. A sooinl gathering was hold at tho Con; gregationnl Church, Latrobo. on Monday evening, when a pleasant ovoning was spent, a good programme hoing placod boforo tho audionco. " Both Houbcs o( Parliament met on Tues day afternoon, ..Tho.Gqimcil, nftor a briuf. sitting, nt wiiiob formal business was transacted, adjourned until Wednesday next. In tho Assembly, a long list of questions wero answered, and a large amount of business was disposed of. Mr Miilcuby'is motion affirming that » larger amount of repairs should bo undirtakon by tho railway workshops at Hobart was carried, and Golonul St Hill's condemnation of tlio action of tho ProiuLr in failing to submit himself to his constituents fur rc-electiou upon acospting office was rojoclo l. The first item of the Ministerial taxing proposals — tho impositioa of an incroasod excise duty upon beer— was carried by a substantial majority, and tho House adjouruod. On Monday (writes our corrcspondunt) I had tho prLilego of boing shown over tho Ulverstono Proprietary S.roool, of which MrG A. Gitrnoy is tho principal. I was agreeably suroriiod at souing tho nnnv arrangements made to secure tho comfort nnd luppinets of tho pupils, both. in tho hotido und outside. Tho neat dormitories) tho comfortable dining and sitting rooms, in fact, the suhool throughout is fitted with ail tho appointments suitable to a first- class collogiato establishment. The systoin of education carried out by Mr Gnrnoy and bis afsrotint (nn Oxford graduato) em braces the elements of all tho branches that are included in what is gonorally termed a "liberal" education, ami in ad dition tho boys are taught practical .car pentry and muric. I inspcctsd some of the juveniio work in tho carpenter's shop and saw some articles stichas plain and orna mental boxes, pairs of stops, folding ch rirs, Ac, which woro turned out most credit ably. A special instructor is engaged to teach carpentry. Tho garden also cxhibi. ted tho handiwork of tho boys. What was wasto ground has now been turned into a neat vegotoblo and flower garden by the boys theinsrives, under tho supervision pf their tutor. They appeared to take groat prido in their respective allotments, wlrioh gave evidence of careful attention. Mr Gurney informed mo that lie is about to erect a blacksmith's forge, when some of the boys will bo taught to make a horse- shoo, to weld iron, Ac, by a practical blacksmith. As I turned away, I glanced at the boys, with their ruddy faces, playing orickut in the spacious ground at the back of the house, and that concluded my io- ipsction of what is undoubioily one of the best conducted proprietary schools in Tasmania. In another column Mr W, H. Garrett of the Quadrant, Launooston, draws atten tion to tho many branches of his business. In tlio first placo Mr Garrett is tho branch manager of tho Starr-Bowkott Building Socioty, nnd tlio advortisor compares tho method of doing business of his socioty with that of tho building societies con ducted on tho usual principles. Mr Garrett is also a financial agont, and has money to lond on all classes of scourity ; ho iBaUo a hotol broker and houso and land agent, and affords assistance to tradosmon and othors who may find tliomaolves in difficulties owing to tbo depressed, times. \- It is gratifying to hear of the en thusiasm with which the proposal to os- Inbllsh tlio -West Devon llnttcr Factory hits hi'cn received on all Rides. Tho thoroughly co operative) principle on which the compmy is to be worked naturally at tracts tho much-burdened farmer, who will, by supporting the undertaking, not only put rca«<y caeh into Iris own pockots. but tend to promote tho welfare of tho whole district. It is a woll-known fact that tho Launcoston and othor Morckoopors are frequently much pushed in tho winter for. supplies of htiUor, and if it woro not for tlio importations from Victoria, thoy would be quito incapable of supplying tho riomaad. Applications nro often mado to tbo dairy-farmers on tliiH Const for a con- tiiiubtis all-year-round supply of bultor, which in many oases cannot ho met. If, by -the establishment of the propoied butter factories In Tasniaiiiu, tho local do- immd can bu mot; a good deal of monoy will bo . kept in the country,' by ro hieing tlio'imporlatioiH from Victor! » und olso- whuro. The fanners iu tlio Lovcn district nro - invited ' to . meet in tho . Ulvers'ono Town IIuM ut 2 o'clock on Saturday . after . ribnh", to rocoivo ilho . 'report from tho com- uiitto'o .appointed; &t; Monday's mooting,- and discuss, tlio proposals therein recom intmdori. -It is lo bu hoped that thera will .bu u large attendance, and that tho com pany will bo forinud on a sound uas's, to commence business ns oariy as possible. Tlio spocial train yestorday morning was poorly patronised. Altogether thoro woro only about 15 passengers biokcd to Long ford by iho ordinary and spooial. . Proparitious nro boing inudo in Latrobo for Uio coming shows, nnd somo fnrmors nro also busy preparing their exhibits (writoB a ; correspondent), though far too many display a lamontablo apathy, as usual. It is to bo honed that thoso wish- ing. tobocomo successful in dairying will not fail to attond nnd loam nil thoy-can from tho travelling dairy during its visit'. \- Thoro was a good attondanco at tlio Library ro"m, Wost Dovonport, on Tuesday ovoning, whon a papor was road by Mr R. 0\. Oldham on " Ghosts," in connection with tho Dovonport Literary Association. Tho Rov S. H. Hughes occupiod tho chair. Tho essayist said, in drawing attention to tho . fact that, although almost nil tho grosser superstitions to which persons of intclUgonco subscribed in tho early and middlo ages had passod away, as tlio result of a Bpccial onquiry, and tho Bpread of education, thcosophy nnd-spiritualism pro- scntod relatively tho same features to thou sands of persons of tho present day, and if in effect thoy wore not identical, tho fact was duo rather to tho altered conditions of lifo and environment than to any elimina tion of tho spirit of superstition. While these so-callod occult scioncce would doubt less ultimately disappear, it would seem that tho inherent love of tho marvollous, thb unquonchablo desire to rniso tho voil that hides this from the noxt world, and poor into tho future, to verify, as it wero, the universal bo'jef that n living principle snrvivoa death, to bo enabled to oxclaiiq with tho phantom prophet in tho Odyssy— " Unorringtruths oh I man, my lips rolato, this is thy lifo to coine ; this thy fate," evor urgo misguided men forward to vain nttompts to onquire into tho unknown and humanly speaking unknowable. Refer- enco was mado at longth to various causos of hallucinations, and it was pointed out that a cultivated will was tho most potont agent in controlling tlio imagination, whilo illustrations .wofo givon of tho moBt mar- voIIoub effects of bodily health on tho mental facultios. Tho fact was doplorod that mon universally wore disposed to ac credit and investigate statements relating to so-callod supernatural phenomena. Ro. forenco was mado to the clriof features in connection with spiritualism nnd theosophy, togothor with somo exposures. Tho essayist gave somo stories concerning tho so-callod thought body, tho objectivity of which was scouted. Ho strongly cautioned his Hearers to havo nothing to do with tho so-called occult sciences. The question of hypnotism was touchod upon, and ho ad- vLod thorn not to allow themselves to bo experimented on by hypnotists, in view of tlio possibility of post-hypnotio suggestions. A discussion followed, tho chairman, tho Rov J. T. Delliag, and Messrs A. L. Brockett, H. A. Pratt, and D. A. Nichols, taking part. A vote of thanks to tho elmirmnji terminated tho proceedings. Wo have been asked to intiinato'tbat tlio public will be admittod to tho gallery of tho U hers tope Town Ilall, on tho occa sion of tho plain and fancy ball which is to bo held to-morrow, on payment of Is each person. " 