The Dootors JSliook Their Heads. "1 would give minion dollars for a otomaob, " said a wealthy Amoric&n; recently. . Now, a million dollars (SWjQPp) 1® deal of . money, but ho was notable to buy tho article even at that prico. ' — . _ ... Mr. Thomas Gsskin. or No. <i, repux »ow, Barley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, boing a gardener, bat he was ready '-enough to give all ho had for ono thing be ' ' hadn't got. Horo is his story, and ho shall tell it in h(s own way. Mr. Gaakin goes on to ' say : " Up to eight yoars ago I bad nover lost an hour's work. through eicknoss. In Deo- \- ember, 1682, whilst living at Booston, near Nottingham, . my appotito foil away, X bad " draadful psin altor eating, a bad taste in my month, which would fill with water and slime, the latter so thick and stlokv that I often had ' to removo it with my fingers. My ohesfe I used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell so 'I couldn't button my shirt at tho nock. X vomited a groat doal, chiefly a yellowish- /green pbdogm. I bad a racking cough, and wssold oongb and strain till I bled at tho nose, tinfithe blood rushed out of my ears. I be- Ksam&edianstod; and short of broatb and bad to call the doctor, and was in bod five or six qreeks. . "J then went as outpationt to the NotUng ham Hospital, and afor attending tbero for Mx months was very littlo better. I got so thin that Iwas like a ghost walking about, and ay. friend said it was alt up with roo. For ' eighteen mouths I k?pt getting lattor, then Vorw, and at last tho doctor's roeacjmonded me totryachaogsofair. So lesmo to Barley Abbey and my former master gave mean in door recommendation to tbo Derbyshire Infirmary. Derby. X found, however, that all the bods & the hospital wore full, and I saw my olub Joe tor and also two dootors at Dorby. The first cue said, ' You aro in a galloping consumption, and mutt die; tho othor doctors, 1 after sonndlng- my luogs and- ohsst, said uo- ihing, but shook their heads. "Getting a trtfo better my old nostor allowed me to do what littlo I could in M , gardens and grounds «d some days I worked 1 5 little; and thon wotfM bo away for a few days, things went on lJks this until Dooom- ber, 1683, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broko down completely. I was . always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes sa ouch as a teacopfol at once, ana s oat afraid to ao to sUrp for fear thepmegm mould choke me. At thfs time tho whites or any eyes turned yellow, and my eyee W0r® vbloodshot. My lipa and mouth wens flryand oorekod, and I often broke out Into a cold .clammy sweat. Mytongaowa8likeaj8SQ?<9< lbrown leather, and I couldkeep nothing down 4ost over a atone weight in throe weekp, " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of tho furnituro to movo a few yards. X was always tired and woary, and sitting or lying, was never at caio and got no real rest. Too weak to read X often sat for hoars looking at my hands— nothing but skin and bono, and was so norvous I couldn't boar tho lontl noito, and tho obildron at play qulto upset mo. ' The dootor kopt on attonding mo, but bo Ra/d, '2 can do you no good I can only patch you up, lecuuno your lungs are diseased. I ibrn gnva over taxing his medicine, nnd tried everything 1 could hear of. Ono thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottlo. Bat nothing did any good, and my frionds who cams to soo mo snid, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely toprcparo for another tcorld.'- " Aboat tho middlo of March, 1689, a ooigh boar named Joseph Tathaui. irbo works in the pspor mills at Darloy Abpo.r, said to mo. 'Tom, did yon ever try Hither Seigel's Syrup''' and told mo how ho lad been cared after being in Iho hospital. Ho spoko so mooh in praisn of thiamedicin I sont my wifo to -Derby and got b bottlf at Mr. 8mlth'a stores in Victoria-street. Alter the first doss I had an ovaouatiou blsck a kk, and vomited. Then I fell asleop. and felt reetod when I awoke. After taking tho medicioo for throe daya my breathing got easier, my food kopt down, and In a fow days moro X was able to go oat for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to seo my master, who esked what had wrought tho improvement, and I told him, as I toll ovory one, that Mother Beigot'e Syrup bad saved my lifo. I com monoed work at onoo, and havo novorlosta day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at onco, but aftor taking Soigol's Syrap for six months 1 was strong as ovor In my lifo and have continued so ovor einoe." In giving his consent to tho publication of this remarkable statomout, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to rofor all doubters to him or to Mr. ICootloy, hoad gardener, Darloy Abbey, who Is acquainted with nil tho foots alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years, and boars an oxcellont reputation. Now. what was tho oomplaiot from whioh ho suffered? Not galloping co»M»y>/fo», certainly (as ono of the doctors thought ), or he would have galloped into his grave iii less than three months, instead of growing worno for seven years. His oomplaiot was ofaronic in fiammatory dyspepsia (or ebrooie gastric catarrh), whioh has lung symptoms liko con sumption, for which it 1r so oftou fgnorantly mistokou and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Soigel's Syrup, was UBod tho diseaso yleldod, as all diseases of the digostivo tract do 'ylold to that luagnifloont preparation. Wo koarttly oongratulato Mr. Gaskin on his rooovory, aud command tho facts of his oaso to all thinkiog peoplo. 