THE BARBER'S GHOST. Night ^asicoming on apace ; a piercing "east vfind Svildly- scattered-before it tiie thick : flakes of.snowj-which were desCending-so as completely to obUttu-ateiall .traces of the path through a lonely moor, over which a traveller was journeying, with the hope of reaching a village, where ho intended to remain for the night, lie was ail entire stranger in those, parts, and such was the uatureoftbe country that, uuder tiie most favourable cimunstaiiee.s, he would have experienced some difficulty in threading the mazes of the wild district he hail to traverse. In this dilemma, ,<s hif i::!r \ax> urce, lie committed himself to .the ^'liiianoe' of his horse, conckuhnii.thiit the. instinct of. the uobleaiiinial^vas itincU- bi'tter uii)>pted'' to .tlle eniergeUGy.;-tViaV)AlVis;;0w:n':r..^0!V^,b Y 'lie 'pui-suecl-lii's • course steadily, but cautiously, and iu a few hours the traveller, to his indescribable j".y, discerned a faint glimmering light in the horizon. By this time, he was almost an icicle, and was frozen so fast to the saddle that horse and rider, like the faliled centaur, formed one body. The noble brute to whose superior sagacity, i>. "lord of tho creation," on this occasiou, was indebted for his safety, continued to pursue his course, until at length the traveller, more dead thau alive, arrived at a venerable aud f,pacious lool;ing mansion, which appeared to have been iu former days a castle, as some of the battldineuts, the' moat and the gotliic gateway were still remaining. However, as lights appeared in the windows, ami sounds of revelry were heard from within, the stranger did not hesitate to avail himself of the knocker to announce his arrival ; and after a short interval, the door was opened. Judge his surprise aud satisfaction at finding himself ushered iuto a spacious area, the scene, probably, in ancient days, of tilts aud tournaments, but which had by modern improvement been converted into a stable yard, for the accommodation of horses. Some parts of the castle itself —for such it was—were transformed into comfortable accommodations for travellers. many of whom were now safely housed, secure from the pelting of the pitiless storm. Our traveller was with difficulty defcichcd from his horse, and was shown into the spacious kitchen, m the injjlenook of which ne was tluuveil down to his natural shape and dimensions, tint not before his grotesque appearance had afforded ample merriment to the guests who were calousing there. As our guest was a wag and a humorist, he avowed to himself that he would be even with them for their mistimeil jokes ; and he was as good as his word, as you will see. After paving a visit to his trusty steed, aud seeing hhn well fed and foddered, ho imjmred.of the landlady if he could be accommodated with a bed for himself ; but what wasiijs .vexation on hearing that the rooms v, r ere:.-all .engaged, except one a,partment-into.-which no traveller ever chose to enter, as it..was.reputed ,to be_,haunted 1 j -tVicWiyn i. or n.^ u. Co t.iv>u.t V, ill '^Cft&SS;&'Cff^is^Kt'girt-ttiifce some three "weeks-'before ; : siuce which catastrophe the l-poni was regarded with so much dread that not a servant in the house could be persuaded to enter it. Our ^traveller was not a man to be terrified by the idle fears of ghosts ; and as it was out of 'the -question to budge that iugji,t]. he expressed his determination to :5leep"in tlie'.h.iinuted.chamber, and a :thp,ught which crossed his mind confirmed his .resolution. The.difficulty was-to prevail upon the: ..servants to enter tha room to make a fire and -prepare a bed ; but sby dint of a certain argument the traveller persuaded them to enter iu a '•bbily;.heading and encouraging them himself. At length,"everything was arrauged foi-the accomuiodatioii - of- the rash and 'presumptuous straiig.-r, as lie was considered by everyone in the house, from the landlord to the boots. Qui"- tvavellci-, after partaking of a hearty supper, ordered Ins hottle and pipe to be carried upstairs, observing that it was •lns.iutehtio'n.' to sit up awhile'to await the coming .6f,'the spirit, ,aud to question him about the dreadful .secret tlmt preyed upon' his mind aiid"prevented liii'n fr.qm resting.quietly, in his grave. rl- lie landlady, who.aduiired,the courage of liei--guest, while she regretted/liis rashnessj- liade him "Good . iiigljt," with " ilijaven bless you;sir,"-whicli..^guttered in a tone of inisgiving^rather ; it1l'an - hope, ;is if she doubted svhether'she woiild ever see iiini again. Oiir traveller lighted his pipe and awaited the.issue v.e,ry.composedly. The clock.- struck- twelve, the highchange hnur of gliosts. but no spirit ap- ;-pe;ir«.l. The.storm..bad-no\v.increased to -la-iierfect hijrri cane, 1 and the giiests see in ed 1 resolved to-sitit out,-as tliSy had formed theriiselves' into a party. at; hazard, ©nr. ;±i'ifv-eller hiid, duriilg-the'iii'ght, heard frer .q'ueiit alhisioiis ma.d'eto himself,. some, of Ntrie"c6ni^^jy9ud^P£-. what would -become should • \viis^th'e':sigtiaVfoi-; the ghost jjjir, tra- • -v.eller wliieh he;(lid.npt;fail to t-urn to.iniof ^iT^g® kT9 is^iiBcCTe ttm&rei; 'gi J,eij to lepliesent thej^oubd flioted 'bj thel al eceased'-barber-ont'liis rfjmioats';a-pie'ceofc to^i^i Tall la. aught a Jaige* 4T:TSSL5U.WJTLISOEATH?SDIEAD~^DR:CROSS-BOUES.;S epesentel JU^fPilt by me ins pf tl e';j dfo gfai J b'uiut coi-k It was n<5w on theW Iti ol i, ot one aifd a 1 ? if. to second cO"flipai()js\jie]ustthen ibteutV? 'qn M^n^amt "^tJJeiSAvas not a minute tojV /tire spi It of't'Kl'ai'l^ei couldiiotTieinore vppl limtelj^ equipped *thauJ^fclua*Ia/o| V ? •branSisiied in .a m&aSmgattit;^^ but the idea of being shaved by a ghost, and |ii-usiie :^ lather, is too muclrfoi- human : '"nerves. 'The company and,- as there was fOTtttmteiy door in- the room.; leadiiig-to.the kitchen stairs, through that they precipitated themselves nocks and lie'el^neyer'-S'topping : until tbey- reached the hb'ttom; whei-e they lay sprawling in speechless terror. Meanwhile the ghost was not' idle ; his rplie seized as an. apren, into "which he collected all the mpney on the table. He then extinguished the caudles aud reth-ed to his l-oorn, chuckling at the ccmplete Buocess of his scheme. How tho routed guests recovered from, their fright-would be superfluous to relate y-suffice it, to say, that at last they retired in fear and trembling to their beds, without once thinking of the monay they had left behind them, in the apartment where the ghost so unexpectedly interrupted their revelry. The next morning our traveller in vain raug his bell for the waiter ; not a soul in the house dared answer thesuuimous; aud when he at length made his appearance below, all seemed to shrink from his presence as if it were a second supernatural visitation. He called for his breakfast, but no breakfast was forthcoming, aud lie was surveyed at a distance witn glances of suspicion and dread. At length, however, he succeeded iu persuading the landlady, who was a woman of good understanding, that ho waS;theidentical stranger who had slept in^tbe;Jiauui'ed.^ was rc:illy flesh.-a.n<l. blood; smd not. .a 4»hoat. -.j.y:iur;mce Vie contii-iiii.d .r- ^oidi.LV isb'aSe'ioEftho'Hi^ 1 hatui-ed laugh at the fears which his appearance had occasioned. The good lady at length summoned courage to enter into conversation with liiin, and inquired how he had passed the night. " Never better," was the reply. "Did you hear nothing?" " Nothing," he replied. " Nor see anything ?" " Why, yes," said he, with an air of indifference ; "an impudent scoundrel of a barber popped his head into my room at one o'clock in the morning, and asked if I wanted to be shaved. I supposed the fellow was drank, and so I kicked him dowu stairs, and fell asleep again." As the weather continued tempestuous, the guests remained iu their quarters to dinner : and our traveller joined them at the table. The conversation naturally turned to the occurrence of the preceding evening; and the hero of the tale was much amused at the different accounts given of the ghost. One insisted that it was that of the barber most unquestionably, as he was very well acquainted with him. A second observed that although he had never seen the barber while living, he had seen a capital likeness of liiin, and that it was as like the ghost as two peas. Another protested that the fire came from his mouth and nostrils, and that his voiee resembled that of the unfortunate man who had committed suicide in the chamber which his troubled spirit nightly revisited. At length our friend, requesting permission to be heard, thus addressed the company— . " Uentlemen, I love a joke as well as any man but a joke may be carried toofar ; and as the belief in ghosts is as absurd as it is mischievous, I should bo sorry that we should part without an explanation. Behold here before you, gentlemen, the identical ghost that spread such consternation amongst you When I entered this inn last night you were pleased to be very merry at my expense ; and as I. always give a ltoland for an (Jlirer, I vowed I would be revenged, 'l'he idle report of the ghost in tin; baunU'd chamber suggested to uie the scheme t practised with so much success. If you doubt ioy word, gentlemen, behold the money you left behind in your hurry, aud which [ ,bore off witk tho iutentiou of restoring to- JO A usT- T o lo As lie said this, be unfolded a handkerchief and deposited the gold upon the table. The explanation, accompanied as it was by the unexpected recovery of the cash, produced a universal roar of laughter. The guests shook the traveller by the hand, heartily thanking hiiu for a lessun tlisy should never forget to the last hour of their lives. 