OANIA. I [POOM OUIi OWN OORHHSrONDKNT.] Mav 26. I lUve ilnce my luat p&M; a vinlt to what appean to be the 'matting of' a mine of wealth. It hat beoo opened by a man well known hero n« tho lucklott digger who ever lived in Cania, Mr. Peter Owen. Peter many yeare a&o; opened the famous Mnnkland line on Ovmpie, and in all has had aomo35 or more Jrean of experience on eome of the chief min- nc fields of Viatorta* New .South Wales And Queensland— from (Jymple to the old Palmer rash and thence to Charters Towers and Cania. The wonderfully lucky putohes Peter has opeoed here and his experience generally, in* olnding his ups and downs of fortune — always as a miner— would provide material for a series of fire*aHc yarne of a moet interesting oharaotor, and as examples to hundreds of new chum colonists now aimlessly noeking a means of living in the hush would he well worth tho reading, l'eter has alu-Ayj shown much cleverness in his work *s a miner, pro* epeotor, or fossiker. His generous disposition and straightforward conduct have cuined for him the ' good word' of all. But alas ! those very virtues have, more cspeoUlly the first named, left Peter now in the 'ftere and yellow leaf' to face difficulty, for he is now in want of help to assist him io the development of his latest, and as he fully believes his richest, disoovery. To use his own words, he says : 41 With all my past experience in frin- ing, Incloding all I ever saw in the old Monk | land, I have never met with euch a splendid | lode ehow as I have now eeonred in Cania, M 1 1 went to see it, and certainly think t.hat Peter has not overestimated the value nf Mb | mine. To about 60 feet down the lode I is exposed in a vertical shaft. On I the hanging wall for 18 inches to I two feet is soft crushing stuff, which pro&- pects well for I oz. all through, and a good return, mixed with much oxide of iron and eulphlde of lead for about 5 feet thick, is on the footwall, the whole lode or formation is from 15 feet to 20 feet thick ; all containing eome gold. I would consider that if £100 was spent to further open up this show, the chanceB are great that a sensationally rich mine would 1-e the result. Peter is open to deal on most .liberal terms with anyone who will come In and enable him to get a battery — if only five to ten head. My own impression is that it is a first rate chance for any mining speculator. From screenings of the lode stuff, Peter has washed over 20 ozs. of gold, and sold it for £3 l'ta. fid. per ozu. If any * pecu lator will communicate with me through the Chronicle, or Mr. Owen himself, for more detailed information, he will £et it. I look upon it as injury to the district to eee a mine like this ' hard up.' Kews of the death of Mr. Walter Adams, M.L.A. for Bundaberg, was received by his friends here with deep regret. He was to say the least of hiin a manly, good colonist, and, however fortunate Bundaberg may be in choosing for itself another represent* tive in Parliament, I think it will be hard to find one more leyal to it interests, and at the tame time holding proper views as & member should as to the requirements uf Queensland gener* ally. At the present time the death of Mr. Adams, aa an exemplary, good colonist, is a distinct lose to t e district he had lived in so many years. Requietcmt in put. I would like to draw the attention of Mr. Cadeli, M.L. A. for Burnett, to the fact that □either here Q'»r at Monal can anyone get even a ghost of an idea where land for any purpose can be selected, or where the Cania gol-'field commences or ends. If he would kindly get the Lands Department to send a map of this part of the Burnett to our postmaster, or the police station, for inspection by the public it troald be much appreciated. Last year three magistrates for this part were gazetted ; ofie of these resigned, and the otber two remain unsworn. Others, I hear, have eince been recommeoded by tbe Progress Association, and that's the last heard of the matter. Public convenience seems to be completely ignored. It is really no wonder that a revolutionary spirit is rapidly consoli* datiog itself all through the inland districts, for they are beyond question shamefully treated. On the eve of a general election, too, it is not good policy to tieat those who are doing their level beet to prove useful to themselves and the colony with too much red tape. Those who are tn hononr elevated by the people should hold higher views than some of them seem to do, and attend more clearly to the wants of the public who put trust in them. The public have oftimes to submit to cavalier treatment from petty Jacks in offioe who live on the public pay, but they don't like it from those whom they have trusted, and are in a ephere far above those referred to. 