"FAUST." TO THE EDITOE. Sir—I've been to see "Faust." My imressions are many, various, and deep. In act 1 am bewildered by the extent of them. he ocular impressions can of course be most asily analysed. The scenio accessories of the lay were all that could be desired, and reflect he greatest credit upon all conoerned in its epresentation. But* the impression of the impersonation of MephistopheleB by Mr. Rignold is one that I cannot soon efface. He acted-with that consummate ease which distinguishes bim above all that ever I have seen upon the stage, and with that concentration of passion which reaches the fibres of one's eoul. He has demonstrated to a nicety his splendid histrionic versatility. He _ shines with pecu 1J ar lustre even as the Prince of Darkness. I am bound to say, although comparisons are odious, that M'ss Rignold's delineation of Maijguerite was also intensely artistic. But it is the subject of the play which has left an indelible impression on my mind, and I regret to say an exceedingly unpleasant one. _ Goethe, Carlyle's deity, seems to have based his conception of the supernatural upon Milton's and Dante's, and is essentially an elaboration of a conception as old as Egypt. He showedi the want there of creative genius. He would not have written such a play had he lived in the age of Darwin and Huxley and Tyndall, who on the ground of science alone would have laughed it and would have laughed him out of Court. Satan seems to have been drawn in the blackest colours. This is really a disguise. The cloven foot never appears. The Alexandrian limp is never seen. Like Hamlet's Father's' Ghost, I could a tale unfold, although I have never personally made his acquaintance or courted his friendship, and then the play with the religious elements inBO material a manner is really distressing to a refined religious sense. The legitimate sphere of the stage is this world and the things of it, but the other ought to be let alone. On the whole Goethe's " Faust" must be written down as an impure creation where created, and if not lacking in organic unity palpably deficient in breadth of conception. Goethe's personal life is a significant commentary upon his own genius, which, like Byron's, was of a malignant character and influence. In " Faust" he seems desirous of making the amende homrable to God a la Louis XV, by exhibiting with a touching pathos the effi cacy of the Cross. Kensington. I am, Sir, , W. BOLLEN. 