oL~~~ f Tr~varro~k By Msrs. OLIPHANT. CHAPTER I. THIE MYSTERIOUS SThxarS. A tafl, siiflzt g1rL stood bcforc tlicit A sultry noon in August. The hot at-. mosphere seemed to quiver against the distant, low, dark hills; the small bro6k rmn ]anguidly through the dry, parched meadow--reduced to a mere thread., Not a soul was to be seen in the one narrow street, which is the whole of the sleepy lIttle Cornish illage of Trevarroclk. 'Yes -one old woman was hanging out a l hermnans red shirt to dry on the gray stone wall before her cottage; a tabby cat sat at the gate, purring luxuriously in the sun. The stranger, who had just crossed the" rough bridge, looked round him curious ly. He was a tall, stalwart mau: lean, loose limbed, with a powerful rather than landsome face, clean shaven, show ing a firn, somewhat stern mouth, and having a pair of deep set, blue gray eyes, which seemed to take in everything at a glance. He2niglht have been almost any age between thirty and 'forty, and his .crisply curling black hair was streaked - with silver at the temples. "Is this a city of the- dead?'- he said, addressing the old woman, who looked at him with curiosity-strangers were very rarely seen in Trev arock. "You seem td be all asleep down here," he con tinued, with a- lnugli, "or to be taking things very easily." "You're not from hereabouts. I reck on," said the woman, sailing in return, "or you'd lkmow that all the men are at thepilchard fishing, and the women and childrenl be mostly all down to the bay, to see the boats come in. Look 'es yon der." She-lifted her brown hand and and pointed towards the sea. and Harold Carrington, fbllowing its direction, sawv on the broad, blue waters that lay under the horizon's rim a cluster of boats drifting land ward. "This is only a fishing village, theni There is ncinn where I could get a lodg ing'"..?Heflgoked. somewhat, dismayed. down the tiny lane of houses. "No, tlisitthere bain't. Old Ben Tre bilco down yont"-designating.acottage, more dirty and klilapidate'd than its netghbors-"sells a drap of beer and sour cider, but he don't take in .no lodgers," answered the old woman.'in her soft. slow Cornish drawl. "Is there no general shop, or postoffice here Greateaheavens! whataplace!" the stranger muttered, with ill concealed im patience. "Oh, iss-1 be the postmistress, and ] keeps a morsel o' tea and sugar, and the like inside." -glass bottle of red and white striped sugar sticks, and two moldy oranges in the cottage window bore out old Judith Penale s words. "Well, then, I must trudge back to Penzance to-night-there's no help for it. And yet I should have been well content to stay here; it is just the sort of place that would have suited me. One could be perfectly hidden from the eyes of the world in such an out of the way spot." A light" step liehind hin made him suddenly look round. Judith, who was standing odi the threshold of her door, dropped-a courtesy, and her withered face lighited up. A tall, slight girl stood before them, a rush basket on her arm. The color came into.M-r. Carrington's face. He lhad seen many beautiful women in the course of his strange, eventful life, but none so beautiful as this one, who wore her shabby blue serge gown, withits patched elbows, and sui burned straw sailor hat as ,n empress might have worn ler royal robes and crown. She was no village Dulcinea or rustic red cheeked Queen of the 3May. No bloom graced the rounded outline of her face; but a rich, creamy pallor, pure as the heart of awhite rose, contrasted viv idly with a pair of glorious brown eyes, and the thick, dark hair lying in great lusterless waves above a brow low as that of Clytie. The mouth was perhaps a trifle sad and cynical in expression for one so young, the lips somewhat thin -: and compressed: But Harold Carring tonsaw 'no flaw in her -almost perfect loveliness. Involuntarily he raised his sott, gray s-ideawake, opening the gate for this apparition of beauty to pass through. - But Judith Penale stopped the girl, saying, as though struck by a brilliant idea: "Why, dearie, maybe your'n the -'ery one cit help us." She poured out Harold Carrington's di~lculties, in spite of his gestures of dis approval, while the strange young lady gravely listened. "it is quite. true, what Judith says, taat ao lodging is to be had in the vil Iago. But if you like to wait here for :i short time, I- will go and, speak to my auit,,Mirs. Trevylian. Perhaps she may be,ablo to think of some plan." The girl raised her large, da.rk eyes. and looked ?harold full in the face a: she spoke- They-:were strange eyes; deep. l!uid and unfathomable, but there was nm-trace of shyness in their 'steady gaze.. Er mmanner was calm and self possessesd. alm6st'tco much en for oiie so- young. he thought. "I am infinitely obliged to you; but I 'c am more than as.hamedto give such trouble,'" he said; bowing courteously. 1 "Can I not come with yon. and so save I you the return hither?' he added, apol ogetically. "Oh, no: please wait here, if you don't I mind," she respond:ld. quickly. "No let ters for us. Judith? Well, then I will be 1 off." With light and springy steps she cross ed the bridge and was soon lost to sight. , Harold's eager questioninig was antici pated by old Judith. who dearly loved n gossip. "That's Miss Olive St. Maur, as hand- 1 some a young leddy as ever stepped, to my thinking. Her aunt, Mrs. Trevelyian, lives yont," poiinting to a small white house, lying close" to . fir'plantation in the distance. "Miss Olive lives along o' she anid M"iss Madge, tl:t's Mrs. Tre-: elyian's daughter. I've heer'd tell Miss Olive's pa got rilled out to' the Injies, and her ma, pore young thing, died of grief or'summat, anyway. Miss Olive- 1 she warn't but a chiel then--came home to live with her aunt, who took to her and didfor hir the same as her otnn.a Sc she ,iad Miss Madge ird lilke sisters ,,ind share and share alike, though, poor souls,' there- nin't much for any on "n I'm m afeard. But Mrs. Trevelyian's a good. kind lady as ever -i:ais." "Is she a widow?" -Harold felt strange ly interested in old. Judith's garrulous chatter. -.... "YIes, chiel," using the quaint Cornish ] mode of address to man;?womnnor clild. "She's been a widow this long:while. Mr. Trevelyila, her lmsbhand, was passon ,downto St. Osyth's. He was a poor, sickly sort o' chap, mostly awandering I about with his book larning and the like; 1 he died -hen Mies Madge_ was i' baby, I afore Miss Olive came to 'en.. .Mrs. Trevelyiai's father wor a kind o'.gentle man fanner, and lived here at 'revar- I rock; but what wi' the land beihg poor. and his fooling away a lot o' money, thinking there was tin on it, he died 1 wi'out a brass farden, except the cottage i yont. That he left to Mrs. Trevelyian. Miss Olive's ma being dead. So when Passon Trevelyian died she was glad enoi to comenic and live in it; for folks say she ain't got more than'll keep body and soul together. Lor' bless you, chiel! Ive known them, root -and branch, these years and years. They were among the head folks about here once, but noa they'm decayed gentry. There be plenty such in Cornwall-ruined by the mines anul the badness o' the land" "Hush!" Harold lifted a warning. finger, but as Olive St. Maur came up the narrow garden path the ghost of a smile flickering i:t the corners of her miiouth told him that she guessed the- subject of. Judith's conversation. "My aunt, Mrs. Trevylian, says that if you do not mindhlinited accommniodation and very plain fare," with a rathelr p:hin ful blush, "sel will be glad to take you in herself. We do not usually let lodg ings, as- Judith can tell you, but--but why, after all. mince the truth? We are poor, and glad of the chance of earning .money. 1 Think what you will of my can dor, noiw you- have the facts, pure and simple." - There was a passionaten reckleissnes i about the last words which gave, Harold s a sensation almost of pain: •. r Old Judith had gone into her little " shop to serve two bronzed .urchins with yellow saffron cakes. "Believe me or not, as you please, I e honor you from my heart for your frank e ness," he replied earnestly. "I, too, am a poor man; and though I have never been glad of it before, I shall be now, if I it gives me a greater chance of becoming e your friend." The two were walking up the heather d covered hill, side by side. Harold Cart. n rington felt a slight twinge of conscience h as he spoke; but, after all, was lie not poor-unspeakably, wretchedly so in 0 life's best gifts? . What was money tc I. one alone in the world--popularity, even It fame-if there was no heart to beat in e unison with his, no eye to brighten at d his joys or shed a tear for his sorrows. e Yes; hlie was poorer in these thiri;s than the miner who passed him and Olive just n then on his way home from his work, Ls and whose chubby children were scram r, bling up the hillside to meet him with e shouts of welcome. "Are you poor, too? -1 am glad of it, a though you may think me selfish. Ihate e the rich--hate them because I envy them n more than words can say. Why are if life's fairest things so unequally di a vided?" she went on, with sudden anger. ;r "It is a bitter, cruel shame." d Olive St. Maur's dark eyes flashed fire, it and a red spot burnt on each of her pale I7 cheeks. "I dare say you think I am a strange a girl to tall: to you, whom I have barely ro known an hour, about such subjects. SWell, I cannot help it. In the wilds of is Cornwall one has not much chance of v- learning manners oracquiring the placid s, sang froid of the upper ten thousand," it she added, with a laugh which had no c mirth in it. S? Harold felt by turns attracted and re r polled bly his companion. Astrange girl! n Olive St. IMaur had spoken truly. He had never seen anyone so beautiful; her Sironical, rather bitter words, had.es piquant fascination.' thougli they sad-. v dened him. s "Strange? Not at ali,"v was his riady rejoinder, made with the ease of a thor , ough man of the world, used to its light at fence as well as its more earnest com hi:ts. "WVhy should I think it, Miss St. raur? . - "How did you know my name?" She : tiiuned qnicly,, darting . a. searchitir i' glance at hiinm, theii added rather petpi: ly lantly--"Ah! I see, I thought as much. JudithliPenale has been entertaining ynn s, -with our famnily listory. It does not il- matter, though. -You know all about us . niow and there is no need of formal in y troduction or wear_ repetitiois." "' Your words remind me tliat I'tdo: have a duty to perform. :.Yol do not , evel know my name, thougi you ha've he so genierouly taken mine upon tirust. Let p.me introduce myself .s -Harol i Carrinm ton, of London. That soeun~i:. fear. ; onsly a little less vagueno than Mr. Smi,, Sof:the last namned .locality. But it i; uievervthalczs'tne. :e Tshi" raising his to gray sonmirero. "is the Irishman said, hii :covers myself, and family. '-Iu cother d( words I aun that mueh-to- Lc-pitied Y being-a lone. loren o 11. Lachelor. So a though I rarely. go- out of toi . lhave n? no fixed habitation there and c:..: ge my quarters as 1 grow tired of them:' Pro- 't fessiou n ' He paused slighlt" and ,bit his musn i tache, as it.hodli finding himself face to ei face witli inoe 'uulooked fo' dile imiia. z: But unwittingly Olive helped liu. out; of it. c, , , 'Oh, I guessed that directly ; s~ i the letter case under your arm I have seen a few of the same, kind.' she answered C readily, laughing.. "Nobody could havl e t any motive for coming to Trevarrock but an arti.t: we are so far out of. the beaten - track And even of these, 1 think only three have ever found .their: i .way over from Penzance in .,all these years we have lived here.': b Ah.nartist!:: Yes, perhaps he might with ' some -truth- call -himself that.-Mr. Car- -t i rington reflected, relieved. But he was Siot thlinkinýg of the 'small portfolio of n sketches :inder his arm; though they a r .were certainly superior to the produc tions of most amateurs. YI e'Ys,. I lm, an artist," he answered slowily, i"if I dare:lay claim' to the title. But it was hardly; to:.sketch I came to: Trevarrock. :'- A " college: chumi passed a through it years'ago.! LHe really was: an artist; ih a fai: trtier) sehse of the ivrd;' and may have been 6ri? of 'the gallant d three' ;yoi'-?ciitioiied ;Miss Olie; tliouigh ' had he Imown how fair a presiding deity t ruled over thesewilds lie would have re-` quirel no 'ourage: to eienetrate theni;" he added with la.couitly smile. Olive- blushed iind looked down.-, She . had never been spoken to in this ivaybe fore.nimld ;a thrill of ?.plesure -gpasHs~idl through her.; Then .the revulsion.came, . spoiling all "IHe has not yet seen MaIdge. When he does. things will. perhaps, be differ- a cut." For. the first time Olive nearly hated the thought of her cousin's delicate, wild. rose face, with its large, innocent, hazel , eyes and pretty d1iimples. Harold Carrington, little dreaming of the effect his idle words were destinied to' produce, continued:. "As I 'nid, I did not come here to sketch. 1. bind been feeling unwell- ?-overdone in town--and one day, look lug over my friend's portfolio, I came ;across a study of those low, ilue hills, with the wild sea dashing up to them, and a few scattered cottages lying close down by the beach. Somehow it stayed Sin my .memory 'and' fascinated me strangely. So, me voila. But I own when I first taclded old Jundith-before you s'o kindly c:ane to lmy rescue--1 Shealrtily w;ished I had asked my chum a little mnore ahont the place." :' " This is where my aunt lives," said Olive: They had reached the cottage, which a was built of gray.stone, arnd.wa only a little larger than those in the village be t low. But it. was covered with the glorious. crimsoni', irnia creelper; and its diamond latticed windows stood openu to the pure breelze of heaveni, showbhig I glimpses of spotless, snoivwvhite curtains. Thesmna:ll garden was neatly` tended, as a though.l y'liovinghands, asid old ?fash d ioned flowers bloomed in it, a.blaze of color-hollyhocks, white, red and golden; a tall blue larkspurs and large. deep i- :cupped lilies. '"The realization of a poet's dream,'" S..said Harold' Carrington: "a veritable o- paradise. Miss Olive.' I envy you for a having such a home." a "You need not." she returned, with a if sharpness in her voice that jarred upon g him. "'Wait until you see how small and pokey and poverty strickeni it is." a A tall, thin lady. dressed in black and r. wearing a widow's cap, came down the :e narrow path to meet tlhem. She was re it fined looking and rather hanidsome in is a somber, somewha't austere style, but her :c face wore an expression of sternnmess and a her hair was white as snow. a "You are welcome, i?ir."-- "Car it rington," put in Olive, quickly. "Alh! si Mr. Carrington, we shdll be glad to let s you a room and to do our best for you. st if, as I charged. my niece to say, our ac k, commodation is. not too humble to. suit a- your tastes." b Mrs. Trevylian's tone :was cold, but there was a straightforwardness and lack t, of affectation in herl speeh which at te once told Harold Carring<on;he was in in the presence of a lady: -. " ? re No mincing allusion to "better days,' i- or "merely to oblige:" whlicl i less supe r. rior woman wa uld not have rfailed to make. e, "It is very good of you to tkilieAie inl Il I feel surel shall -be comfortable 'here; the very .look of the place: is enough to Ie tell nme that--nud my tastes are plain !y ones. I will, themn, .send over. for my s. thinigs to- Penzance; .they ,are ati an inn of there,.where " I put up for it few days." of said Harold.' id He saw that it would please Mrs. Tre Svylian better if he took apurely business ti view of the situation. . "I will manage that for you. .Dan a Penale, old Judith's'lihsband, has a hoise I and cart, and: will Le glad of' the job. eI Now, :prhalps. yon would lidke to 'see' it yourroo0m?," , A At tlhat moment a slight girlish-figure, -. clad in wvhitsefldttered :to tlhe cottage ,i :"Mother everything isready," a clear.' r- iniusical .voice.called out.. . -?i b - - That is my-:daughter Madge;" said Mrs. Treiylihn turningtogoin. '"Iadge; t. thiss H r. Carringtonour--our new in me And as Olive St. Maur looked anxious-. ic ly at Harold she saw in his glance what. u made her s.ile bitterly.: Her forebod Ii ings were.realized:-He had admired her' n own wonderfull'eeuty but froman dr ot tist's poind of '?iei'onla - . . us Non ihe had seen Medge and she knew, n- 'is truly as thou'ht gihe could renilhisin most heart, that he would never have io oyes o heri i dark southeen lovelinis s .c again. e '"I is so with ll of them," she said to air ne.slf, 'feelinigs'of env '-:uind jealdo??-y ir- thrilling -through" her. "Even that im- r becile curate from St. Osyth's, whoe Sthinw s it a e?. t tol call iereo nce or in twice a year. and Willie Tago. the doe 'to aassistant-tno only to ie-- w hake evemr echang$d aiy vwords with le deserted me as soon as t 'y had seen he Yet. if I had; money for ..roper clt lh-" :mnd such things; as rich girls 1:::I . cc Iwold bAick myself Against her any i.: i h , But Olive St. SMaur did. not: real e one II thing ithat aii pure and ilovely nats?e ?e a will iiilke even the plaiest' face"attnrct- u ive, and will prove a ina'gine miore pow0- t erfl in the long run than the most.da z zling beauty . A ' 'RED LEAcEl DAY I. A niont?ith flew q"uickly by.' Hirold'" Carriniton had .al?ost become one of PI Sthe family at Hillcote;, as Mrs. Trevy 1o 0 ian's pretty cottage was callec \- The widow liked him, for he .wasquiet,. I gentlemanly and unassuming. and gave , little trouble. ;Nothing' would I have induced her to e break'iii' on the priv iy of her homiie' ly 1 'taling a lodger'-or rai:tlidr; boarder hbil' that she W' A. at the time of Harold's tip o pearance in ,Tre-arrocib?. in sore need of money. Shelhad but i tlinudred a y-ear, ' and -though,. with ,rigid; economy, she always put'by bi tiny:stun each )year. her; small' hoard had been lately quite con I sumed, and. worse. she was in debt :, , Madg'; her darling, thelippi? of hter eye-had iben severely ill with"ai lunig' 1 attack the yeai ibeforei. ad Mrs. Trevy1 ' ii's slefdle: piarse ii :drailied: She had in overwhelmiig horror;o f debti nd- d iay and night. had worn .her self to aishadow.,th-iking hoi the doc tor was to be paid--ind the winei mer . 'chants bill, for t:iegenerons port he had i prescribed! .AtLnd now, its a solution to the dilii eculty, Harold Carrington liad come. It n seemed almost' like 'i ui'hnswer to her Sprayer. H? Li id insisfed in th tiiiio st delicate manner, in paiying his month's' h board in; advance, and. had .doubled the very moderate terms Mrs. :Trevl lien had asked. "Indeed you must let me," lie said ear nestly, in answer to lier remonstrances. "Remember. I too can be; proud. The ' change and-rest ii this -lovely.place. a hrc worth any money to me; and I am not , content to enjoy them' at less than their; ° value." . But ?'is' there no other 'reason? Ah,i Harold Carrington hbeware!' "Life is short; but art is long,' says the proverb. Sketch 'book and colors hlid been' laid ae side... He spent most of his time stroll ing on the sands with the girls; helping .Madge garden, or Olive attend to her. 1 numerous flock of poultry.' An idyllic, halcyon existence. But Was it the best, the most wholesome for him?u His heart told hini-no. . - C He, Harold C.arriungton wlho 'Iiad been courted, caressedby fortune, who might have chosen: his wife front among the jioblest and most beautiful women ini . Englaiid,'was for the: first time in his life-in love. IMadge Trevy3lian's soft, innocent love litiess, her flower like young, faie: with its timid, questioinig `expression and clear truthful eyes. had won Upon himi s the wiles of many a , society Circe hali Sutterly failed to do. And not this alone. Her gentle. goodness adid unselfishness, and, above all, perfectnatural freshness, had.for ldim a charm and fascination un spe esi blie., :.' .,: ':; , With her cousin Olive i v? s liffer t.ent. True, he admired, her still: but ' with growing intimancy he felt that the somber depths of her great dark eyes. black and soft as velvet, and the some= what set lines of her: chiseled lips, con-1 r cealed things little dreamed- of by those about her. "She reminded lhii of 'somue beauitifulf Sfierce wvild aima- ili painither or tigress -rthat had been ; from. birth tamed,'and might remain so, unless auny occasion should arise to call forth its natural in io stincts. ". "That girl liut latent powers, of which she is herself ignorant: and' intense r capacity f6or love or liatred::' I should be sorry to make ain eneliy of her." Harold thought one b ?i .'ias he watched helr.: un robserved. Mrs. Trevyliiim ihlia spokenl shiarply to t her about something. -':Olive did not re ply, bit. turned 'hastily,, away. her face pale and lips set: . - i "What a splend!id actress she would matke, .estpeciidl for.tri iciarts." Thien an odd smile, played round. his mouth. "I mean an artist's. miodel:, ,iA Jael or a t udith. I must ask her to sit to me." But could he but ha;ve looked for a moment into Olive St. Maur's'heart, bold maun-is he ias,. he would have hesitated before li he told Mrs. Trevylian, as he did ;o the day. following, that lihe had ,deter . mined -'to stay for- anothermonth at "Trevarrock " n. to CHAPTER III ; .Mrs. Tiev lian" neer'. dieeamed' that there might be danger jfo? ; M??dg or 01l ive in their constanitcompanionshipiwith a- Harold Carrington.? hi her eyes he wvas ss grve,? middle aged man, with a rea Sserve -? di ait"?sn l-s o allf actrthaltwas. s I safeguiard in itself.r Besides, hliad) he e not said often that he was a confirmed hold bahli lor, mnd jested lightly iboant Slo?ve and isn"irrae. as things beyond his ken? Shb sa~ii in his lidniess to' both grl sindefely the. proof of i' good heart and. generous nature: he lmew Ithiat it t was out of helrppw'er;to.giL'ethei many. r lasur'.esmud thereforehe he did his best to make up to them for the extra trouble, i his visit imunst neeods give. ::a.: : : One day Iparold ilahned ai picnic ex a pedieion i to the ba.3." He wish~l to b'see the apiot from whenhtlie th sketch had \- been taken that ha'd t~em apted lim' to a come to Trevarroclk..; ?;.g, ';n -?; .?t d- He ihad hired : smallpoieyn cart be r longing to a farmer in the.noighbeorliod. \- and hi-d even pirsuadhidl DMrs::Trevylianu to accon:iip y ii', daii:htitr'e?d lniece. • "We ctn ride a-id riv- ?? li lhiid ssaid. n- Iaughing. 'At leasit I will iialk, and I 'oulladies cman tzake care oftthe i~rovision "Veri- vell: britti?e will take; care also to to keep ini liht of ion - I io "Oh, you wna t jhli-Vt much difficulty rtin persuading the pony to do that. I \- willT follow. on. l;just went: to.runu into . S7udith ....... it; " 'i thai're are tiny L letters for me." repui; Llairold ' The' small basket car moved oi slo6wlly np the Billy street, with its gray, hoar' h cottages. their roofs overgrown with pink v house leol: and yellow stonie 'crop, f Madge. in I:vr .pretty holland gown and 'ailor's hat i.ith redribb?ns, acting Jeh. 'lnt. Trevylian ha'i uplut a littleunde t the inflience ,of s ' : .rt?nt a' day. and le:rit back eiij t o iuwonted tins ai.1 ,f a d ,r,"'" "ier 'ladlad';face w.i,'n ah ,ns ti. aid the tines of c re ws'eft:s. ter jone er bruw.:'2i , :i 'i Olive, lthink.yon might, have smart-, e~nid vyourit.'tup a 1};( i t t s-aqit. . um";o e :pliuent to ,Mr.r anun to oave come Sout in that old blue serg u. Not butwhait Madge is sma:n t enough .for thepi of you, and I dn't kiow but that you were wisest after all'"she?eifteiiwa?ds added:t :'The 'dress'you'? have on is' quite good` enough for climbing ab6ut'the rocks."; SOlive turned her: head away, with a shrug of the shoulder and a sullen -look on her handsome face.., . . .! " Anything is ,good enough for, me, J knoI?w that ,ell, sheniu?iered,, No body cares how I' l6ok'6 or ?o' i dress." She felt a savage deliglit'i' noticing` the faded streaks where the keen sea air had taken the color out ofther gown, and in knowing that her hat was old and shabby \- i'A panp&er.;:hvingon ch atyt,.axC tlt, i what I am. And Aunt Trevylianidoes not !scrnple to make me fel'it'-lt is well to be iMadge: all. the pretty garments and ,other good thiiils of"lifeW fall' to her share.'; she reflected moodily, not pans ing to think" how ttnireisonable she wts. ? Mrs. Trevylian. thoughshe had a?sharp tongue, was initapsble of the petty mean ness 'of "ihich, Olive: accused her:' i;ida iwhen once ler niece 'suggested going out: in the :world to earn ther own living she had tiegatived the: suggestion with such agitation and vehemence as had almost frightened the girl. And as for Madge's clean, fresh dress. hald she iiot. is: Olive well kneiw, visen thlit mtorming ilmost before it was light toiron and ;do 'it-' with Imots of"scarlet ribbdon " iit h er e own diri?ty fingers': Her: cousin: had heard: her inginng bIlithely ~is as a lark at her ;work, and 'had smiled with contempt at "the little it ,took to, make Madge's simpleheart happy.", ., Then a terrible light all at once broke in on her. Hw'changed Made as of late! She was llys saltisin gmg, laighiig,'. or flitting abhoit the house witl'so light and'buoyant-a step thit 'she' seemed'the gspirit of joy personified. 'The languor of' 'her late ,illness lind quite passed away, the rose bloom on her cheeks wais bright t er, deeper than eSer., deepest, when she was engaged in lively chat or joking ar gunment with Harold C.'rington, who treated her' like a willful. attractive i child. SHe faiicied his secret';wasknoown to n none-bint"' Oliv a ied f itiomned'it'a''od moie.,'hdd read: ii' Mdge s face what the girl did not herself dream of--that her l heart had'passed into the keeping of the d handsome stranger. And so on this glorious day, sunshine S 1:all around,: and a. sky blue:as molten turquoise overhead, when" all were 'gay' and happy..Olive alone wore a mask. g' Outw?rdly serene and smiling, the demon of jealousy was ever gnawing deeper and deeper into her soul ( Harold Caritngt6n caoe itp the hill in. long, swinging 'strides after the basket' itcacriage. His white linen suit, with e the ruby silk scarf tied carelessly under the open collar, set off his dark hand some face and big stalwvartfigure to per fection. l' He wore - solar topee, 'with' a ,e soft India muslin pnggaree' knotted loosely round it. and as he came toward the, carriage hel took off his hata and fanned his tanned faicewith it. "The_ heat is. quite ,tropicaL ., It ire in miiids me almost of the Brazils,", he said. smiling. ,,Were 'yon 'ever iii: America? " Olive l queried, flashing a kehn look at him.' e It suddeinly stfck her how little,'after e all, they knew of this mian;who liad' be l come. with only a month's acquaintance, o- so thoroughlyr one of themselves; that it now seemed odd to think,of a time when ho he had not been with them. What they k"new' they lid only. his e bare:?vord foi-:nmd Olive had freq?ieitly noticed that he avoided s'peaking of hiiam Id self or his past: life; ,.and if any subject n was, mooted likely to, bear, on theseI he I ,wdould alwias insensibly direct' it back a into other, channels. .It: was the case now, as she perceived.. d .t'Oh, yes; 'Americaj, as well as every Id other.place of any note, and sick enough d I gotof them all. Miss Madge, I really' believe that is a root of .hart's tongue r giowi ng up,there.' :Idid liot know\ yon, at had it about here . It's a fine clump: let meii dig 'ittout for' your rockery." His face slightly reddened, as he went to get the fern. Oliveii noticed 'this; also that he had evaded her question in hi'cus at tomary manner. r. :'.t. )1- A creeping, strange suspicioi, begotteni th of her own. evil - thoughts, kept coming as; into Olie's hiead. ""What if there should a be' somnie guilty reason for' Harold Car as rington's unwillingness to speak 'of the ie. past? And why was he content :to stay ed in hiding, as it were. in such a place as It Trevarrock?' is Oliie busily pietced things together,' as thi she sat silently iri the back seat of the rt. pony cart. The more she thought over it it, the more she felt convinced that Har iy old'Carriigton had a secret. And this at secret, she vowed to herself, it should hi te. her business to unravel-let 'the results be what they might. .r At last the party irrived at the bay, ee mind the ladies alighted. Harold soon id found a pleasant nook under the shadowr to of the gray rocks, where he spread a: soft , bearskin rug of his osn for irs. Trevy e- lian, who lhad brought her knitting. d. Olive alsotthrew herself down beside her an eit, with a volume of "Daniel Deronda." , "I must go and find some place to put d. up the carriage. Perhaps some cottager id has a shed, of which'we can secure the in use. Miss Mladgo, will you come with ' me, and explore?" he said. so -Would she come? Yes. only too will * ingly, ats she would have followed Har E old-Carrington to the world's end had ha j bidden her do so. ty Yet, tlidugh Harold loved her, he had I no intention that she should guess his o secret, at least then. There were many ,, · i ,7 reasons why he did not wish to marry wh'y he deemed it almodst impossible that he should do so. And Harold Carrington c was an bonorable man, who held old fashioned ideas. e No man, lhe told' i-'usclf, had a right to speak of love to a girl unless he in tended to ask her to be his wife. Yet for today at least he would be happy. Heaven knew that life had not as yet 1 held much brightness for him'. He and Madge walked along over the shining, yellow sands almost in silence. OJUe or two sea-gulls dipped and circled "over and around the pale blue-gray waste of waters. The rugged crags, sea t weed'grown. loomed purple and red be hind them. Here and there a ruined shanty. standing near enough to the sea to be bespattered by spray on a stormy night. gave token of human habitation, as did a long line of brown orange nets stretc?ed drying on the shingle. One or two black old hulls of fishing boats lay high up beyond the sea line. Harold paused suddenly. "Yes. this is the place from whence my friend, Norman, took his sketch. A weird, wild spot indeed," he said. r "You would say that if you knew all the legends of, the place. It was here thait, in the old smuggling days, many a cargo was rn ashore, and many a dark deed done. ,Tradition says that there are caves.out round the headland which run miles under the cliff. I have oftenlongeda to explore them, but dare not without a guide: and the people about here are, so irough and wild, one is almost afraid of them." answered Madge. S'Well, we'll have a look at them, one of these days, eh? What do you say t Miss Madge? You would not be afraid to venture with me?" "i With you? Oh, no.". * Madge looked shyly np at Harold. Her ;t eyes had a strange soft light in them. Her companion had unconsciously laid a tender emphasis on his lastwords, which had thrilled her to the very soul S"I do riot think I'should be, afraid to go anyHliere with yodu Oh! Mr. 'Car k rington, if you only knew how different our life has seemedsince you came! How le much we shallUmiss you when you go away,", she added,,sadly. c Strange words for a girl, and.. terribly uncoinventional,,nodoubt.i But Maidge was innocent as a child, and accustomed h to spi~ak all that 'hwas in her mind'witli out fear or reserv-e.' This was' her chief charm in Harold's eyes:: - S:'Shall you? Well, Madge; do not think t hardly of me if 1 am selfish enough to be ie glad that youw ill miss me-just alittle." For the first time r her name. without its formal prefix,. slipped from his lips, and his voice tienmbled a little. ,But he sooin iecollected himself, and he was not to ahi'enough to place undue value on Mi Hedge's word?s? I "I am not gone yet, Madge," he': said, er cheerily. :'Let us enj "y the present s ithout dismal forecasts.' See! herelooks Ia:a likely place :for; our object. Let us e beard the lineal descendants of wreckers an and smugglers in their lair." They had come to a thatched cottage, I- weather beaten and: discolored by the n salt spray of many= storms, yellow with d the lichefis:of'age:' biiilt, it seenied, in the very face of the cliff.' A rough kind of 'shed stood by its'side r -.. a Miidge recoiled, ladying her hand onher th 'companion's arm: ' =s>-rn. t- r ; ;rif ,; l; er "Not there-anywhere but therql' she d- cried, her face paling, to his great sur r- prise. ; "Why on eartlih not? My'dear Miss ed Madge,-you don't suppose there are really ad niiy despeiate characters now among these simple fisherfolk? ;The profits are too 'small and the dangers too great. 'nowadays, I aissure you.?.,. ': "Do not knock," she persisted, looking lquite scared. "Mad Dinah Retallack ve lives here. - She is a dreadful old woman; every?one fears her. She has the evil er eye, anid is a witch.' Oh, Mr. Carringtoii o- please come away '' a, ,lHarold drew back a few steps; then; it oblivious of-everything,' even the terror en in Madge's voice, he burst into a peal of laughterr. .:: s Many will be inclined to laugh with bl him; butwe would bid such remember m_ that superstition dies hard in out of the 'ct way nooks, even in these days of rail he ways and the penny post. The Cornish ck aire especially tinged with it;, 's any one S whov'has lived among the mining and coast folk knows. 'Madge Trevylian was Cornish to'the core; and :liad passed all her life among the simple people of Tre ly' varrock; ,, "A real,.live witch in this Nineteenth dn, ?try! TThe?v ery; thing I lhavo' been s back, now I ha% it last got the chince? ,et Never! Come'along;"Miss"Madge; she shall tell our fortunes, if, true ,witch she t be and io'imiiostor.'"i ?-i(?. I , , is- He raised his stick and -knocked at the n door. CHAPTER IV. lid THE wITCH OFsTREivAOCIC BAY. The olcl wodnwnprcscn teci a atrangc, wrd aIppearan~ce. HIrold Carrington had to own, when he entered old Dinah's tumble down hut, that M1:ulg's fears of her were somewhat justifiable. Its one room was browned and blacc ened by the smoke of ages, which found 