BO1B MARTIN'S LITTLE GIRL. By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Coat,' 'Aunt Kachel/ 'Rainbow Gold,' &c; &c;, &o.; Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chatter XX.YL— {Continued, i In his encounter with Dom, or during the latter half of it at least, Hetheridge had con ducted himself with a surpassing coolness, but when once the necessity for the continued strain was over he began to know how much in nervous force his defensive instinct had cost him. He had stood and watched Dom from the room and had waved his hand after him with a gesture of insolent triumph and ditdain ; but before the retreating enemy's footsteps had traversed half the atairwav. he fell back in a state of extreme collapse into the chair he had just quitted. His head spun like a teetotum, and there was a sound in his ears like that made by the rush of a train though a tunneL The beating of his hearb and the free play of his lungs seemed restricted by an iron pressure. Little by Uttle these alarming symptoms relaxed in force, and after a papse of perhaps 10 minutes he crawled giddily to the bellpull, rang the bell, and stumbled back again. The waiter appearing, he demanded another glass of brandy, and after drinking it felt somewhat better, though still alarmingly weak and shaken, and as dizzy as a man standing on the edge of a precipice. He was ashamed to ask for a further stimulant, and so feebly fumbling for his purse, paid his score and crept away to dive into the first house of public reeort he came to, and to take a third glass of brandy and water there. His shadowy enemy was at his shoulder again, and in a form far more real than he ever assumed before. He saw him in his habit as he lived at the time when he had first really begun to hate him. The figure was always be hind him, and yet was present to his mental -gaze clear to the least detail. He saw the , candid brown eyes, the plain manly features, .the fresh color, the little bit of side whisker Jon the cheek, the homespun dress. He saw the very pattern of the gaiters, the stain of country 'soil upon his boots. He did not recall' any special moment at which he had seen his victim precisely thus, and yet he knew that at some special moment his mind had seized the image and now reproduced it with an absolute fidelity. Had anyone been interested in watching him he would have seen the furtive fearful glance across the shoulder which had become habitual with him repeated half a dozen times a minute. With the fourth glass of brandy he screwed his courage to the sticking point, and ventured anewinto the streets. They were almostdeserted at that hour, and he walked swiftly but shakily to Broad-street station, and there paced the platform whilst he waited a train for Richmond due in some ten minutes. The silent invincible avenger haunted him, though it never moved a foot or made the faintest change in posture or expression. It was so real to him that when ever in his pacing to and fro he turned sharply round upon his own* track a foolish relief and amazementpossessed his mind when he failed to see it. He walked briskly, he lagged, zig zagged purposely here and there, paused alto gether. The immovable, unescapable, dread ful thing was always at his shoulder, ready to lay a hand upon him. This living nightmare had been his companion more or less for years, but had never been sonear, so real, or so threaten ing as now. It would have been a blessed re lief to Bcteam aloud beneath the intolerable anguish of its presence, but that way madness lay, and there was no guessing into what mad ness of Eelf -denunciation he might v-e hurried if once he allowed the presence to break down his nerve. He must endure the unendurable — must carry the torment of the damned about with him and make no sign. When the train backed into the railway-station he took bis place in a. lonely carriage and by mere physical instinct sciewed himself tight in a corner seat, but the physical obstacle he interposed made no difference to the position of the un relenting phantom. Apart from the awful clearness of his appre hension of its presence, it carried a terror with it he had never known before. All these years he had seemed to be free even of suspicion, and at last one man had formulated against him a charge which his own soul had never failed to bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed was done. He had foiled his accuser for the time, but that meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of . chance might carry new evidence to the man who knew so much and guessed so much already. He drank deep that night and drugged his fears at last, but when he awoke, sick with excess, he found his ghost still in? its place, implacably serene and and cheerful, the George Eedwood of a quarter of a century ago. He felt that business was impossible for the day, and he sent a telegram to that effect to town. 'If necessary to consult me, come down. Too ill to leave house. Eefuse all enquirers address.'' An hour or two later his confidential man appeared with a bundle of important papers and left them for his employer's consideration. 'Come down again, Jessamer/' tie said. 'Come in the afternoon, or better still, come in the evening. There are a score of things about which I may give you instructions. I'm not altogether well and I may be forced to take a holiday.' The mockery of the phrase hit him hard, and some of its bitterness found its way into his tone. There was small hope of a holiday for him while that placid bugbear stood changeless at his shoulder. ' Bring your handbag with you and stay the night. I may detain you late.' This invitation was equal to a command and Jessamer accepted it, bowing low. Hetheridge was his man ot men, a king in finance, and with every sign of growth in his importance in financial circles ; Jessamer took higher rank among his compeers. He had never had such an honor placed upon him as Hetheridge now offered. To be invited as a guest at Hethe ridge's bouse, if only for a night, was in itself a high distinction. If he had known the com pelling dread of loneliness which dictated the invitation he might, perhaps, have felt Ies3 flattered by ib.' 'Can you be here to dinner?' Hetheridge asked. 'At what hour, sir?' 'Say seven o'clock.' ' I fear, sir,' returned Mr. Jessamer with a smooth obsequiousness, ' that that will be im possible. The American mail leaves to-night. I shall be scarcely able to quit the office before seven.' 'Ah, yes,' said Hetheridge: 'of course, of course, I had forgotten. Get down as soon as you can. I can give you a bottle oE good wine, Jessamer/' he added with a clumsy pretence at geniality, which flattered the confidential man anew. 'We will talk things over. It is nob im probable that I may leave affairs in your care for a little while. I have not had even a pre tence of rest for years,' ' You will forgive my presuming to notice it, sir,' said Jessamer, ' but I have thought you worked too hard. The opinion i» not mine .alone, sir, it's quite general, I assure you.' ' I dare say, Jessamer, I dare say,' his em ployer answered with the same clumsy show of geniality as before. ' We'll see about things to-night.' Mr. Jessamer, accepting this aa his dismissal, went his way with mJifted heart, feeling him self indeed *« be the chosen of Pharaoh, fiotkeridge stayed behind to. endure his own torments as he might. He dived deep into the papers which had been laid before him, and for the first time in his life felt business wholly without value as an antidote to thought. The sultry heat of the day oppressed him though he sat with open windows, and even in the lawn which sloped from his walls to the waters of the slow gliding Thames, the air seemed confined and dose. The clouds had built up every where an underroot of doleful grey. There were occasional uneasy rumblings of thunder, and now and again a flash of harmless summer lightning pulsated swiftly across the clouded landscape. Whether he strove in vain to grasp the meaning of the business papers, or read the 'money column of the Times, or wandered idly oh the lawn, or sat a* meals, it was all one'. The changeless, placid phantom oluug close to his shoulder, and every passing hour seemed to make its presence more and more intolerable. He drank heavily at dinner, trusting to obscure his thoughts. ' I must keep sober till I have once seen ' Jessamer,' he thought, 'and then I mast drown everything.' The night was prematurely dark, and swift gusts of wind were rising. They lashed the trees which stood upon the lawn into moans of torment, which were succeeded by long pauses \- of brooding silence, and they laid unseen hands on door and casement, and moanel about the house as if resentful of extrusion. 'If anybody ehould call,' he said as he rose from the dinner table, ' I shall be in my own room. Put out the brandy and soda there, light the lamp, and leave out some cigara.' The man obeyed him and left him alone. A great blast surged up against the house and set bis torn nerves quivering with a superstitious terror at its voices. He walked to his own room through the shadows of the hall, and as he did so, for the first time, his phantom seemed to undergo a change. Eye and hand both menaced him, and in a sudden access of terror he fairly sprang into the apartment and slammed the door behind him. At that in stant the bell rang and he heard voices in the halL ' Here at last,' he thought, ' thank God, is Jessamer.' Another gust of wind, fiercer than any of its percursors, burst open the French windows, and the light in the lamp flickered and went out. A vivid flash of lightning illumined lawn and river and' sky for a single instant, and then the jaws of darkness did devour is up. A tremendous crash of thunder followed, and s deluge of sudden rain came swishing into the room. He struggled with the windows in the darkness, forced them back and secured them. He groped bis way to the table and felt for a box of wax vestas which he remembered to have seen there. Having found it he struck a lighb and removed the shade and the heated lamp glass, saving his fingers from contact with it by using his handkercMef/relit the lamp, replaced the glass and shade, and slowly turned up the light. For a mere instant he had forgotten his phantom terror, bnt when he raised his head he saw it standing there in flesh and blood before him, feature for feature, hue for hue, from head to foot the same. He stared with haggard eyes; and the apparition came forward. It* lips moved and it spoke. 'My name is George Eedwood.' One unimaginable shock of horror struck him and he fell upon his face. Chapter XXVIL Potter was the first to recover himself from, the amazement excited by this strange and terrible incident. He had lingered a little out- ' side the doorway, but though unseen had wit nessed Hetheridge's falL He dashed into the room, and lifting Hetheridge from the floor, set him in a chair, and with one vigorous effort burst the insensible man's collar. The head rolled round and fell upon the breast in a ghastly semblance of deatb. George stood as if rooted to the floor. la the one -nstant for which Hetheridge's glance of horrified recognition had endured he read the confirmation of Dom's suspicions. The truth sprang upon him like a flash of light ning. Hetheridge, who had not seen him since he was the merest stripling, had been led by that remarkable likeness whish existed between himself and his father into the delusion that his victim had_ returned from the grave to reproach him with his crime. The belief shot through his soul in a mere instant of time, but from that moment doubt was impossible. Sus picion ended there. He knew. 'For God's sake, matey!' cried Potter, lend a hand here. Don't let the man die before your eyes. Ring the belL' George awoke from his stupor and obeyed. The man servant came briskly in and stood appalled at the spectacle which greeted him. In his headlong fall Hetheridge had received a cut upon the forehead, and the blood from this slight wound trickled down a face awfully dis torted and of a bluish pallor. 'Your master has had a paralytic stroke/' said George. ' Send at once for a doctor. Is there one near at hand ?' ' There are two or three close by,' the man responded, staring and trembling. 'Run, man, run,' commanded George. ' Don't lose a second.' The man with a backward glance sped away and rushed hatless into the storm. The howl ing of the wind, the lashing of the rain against the uncurtained windows, the repeated thunder, and the vivid flashes of the lightning seemed a portion of bis own emotions to Redwood. Otherwise he was scarcely conscious of them and yet they added to the tumult of his mind. Potter held his helpless head in both hands, and George having first sprinkled Hetheridge'a face, wiped away the thin trickling stream of blood which disfigured it, and strove to force a little brandy through the clenched teeth. Many a time afterwards in recalling the scene to memory he was conscious of a crawling re pugnance to himself for having so much as touched his father's murderer, but iu the ex citement of the time he felt nothing of this. ' Lucky we came in time to see him drop,' said Potter. 'He might have laid here for hours if we hadn't chanced to come in at the minute. He's breathing,' be added byand bye, ' and his heart's beating, but thafs aboub ' all you can say for him.' The slow minutes crept along, but nob many had passed by when the man servant came tearing back, soaked to the skin, his wet hair matted on his forehead. The doctor he had summoned followed close upon his heels, and after a brief examination ordered the uncon scious figure to be borne upstairs. The man servant standing to watch the doctor's prelimi nary observation had left a pool of water on the floor, and when Hetheridge was carried away the wet patch on the carpet deepening: and brightening its red color looked sugges tive of a tragedy. Potter lent a hand in removing the patient, and on his return found Redwood alone, seated with his face hidden in his hand and trembling like a man in an ague fit. 'Come, Master George, pull yourself to gether a bit,' said Sam, shaking him gently by the shoulder. ' It was a shockin' thing to see, and that there's no contradictin' ; but there's no need to take on^like this.' 'You don't understood, Sam,' moaned Red wood, ' you don't understand.' ' What don't I understand '? Sam asked. Redwood returned no answer, and he re peated his question solicitously. ' Take no notice of me, Sam,' George said, 'I am not myself/' He had had full time to decide that Elliee'& hie should never be darkened by the knowledge of her father's crime. The one man in the world who could have enlightened him as to tlie girl's real parentage stood at his elbow, and a word to to him would have dispelled for ever the cloud which then, and for so long afterwards, rested upon his spirit. But that word was not fated to be spoken. Potter, seeing how distressed he was, kept a sympathetic silence, and George occupied him self with his own thoughts. There was no fight between duty and inclination in his inind. His mother must, if possible, be spared the knowledge of the loathsome fate to which he had been invited by the stricken villain under whose roof hesat,anditwasobviously impossible to denounce the father of the girl he loved. That was as impossible as any hope of union between them. Dom's speech, which. had sounded so crazy to his ears at the time of his utterance, was no more now than the sober ex pression of a fact. Loving her as he did, he would rather have put his hand into the fire than have asked her again to marry him. He would rather have seen her with her own hand in the fire than again have taken her in his arms. The father's sin had set up an insur mountable barrier. He knew it beyond ques tion, and the knowledge broke his hearb. Hetheridge had been carried into the room overhead, and they could hear the footsteps of the doctor and the servant, who had placed herself at bis command, and could sometimes catch a murmur of their voices. In the space of half an hour the doctor descended and en tered the room in which they awaited the * verdict. George asked his news at once. 'The ease is_ grave/' the doctor answered. 'Very grave.' ' Will he recover T 'That,' returned the medical man, 'is impossible to say. I believe Mr. Hetheridge is quite alone in the world. There is no one to appeal to?' 'Yes,'' said George; 'he has a daughter who lives at Wellsted, in Essex.' 'She should be communicated with at once.' ' I will see to that,' George answered. 'I will wire to-night to my mother, who is her near neighbor, and ask her to break the news.' 'I gather,' said the doctor drawing on his gloves, 'I gather from the man who came to call me that you were present at the seizure. Was that so^' Can you tell me anything of it3 naturf George was on his guard. . 'A gust of wind had blown open the windows as I entered the room. The lamp was extinguished. Mr. Hetheridge closed the windows and re-lit the lamp. . He was at that time apparently well and self-possessed, bat a% the moment at which he turned up the light he fell forward on his face.' 'And nothing occurred to shock or startle him?' 'That,' said Greorge, 'I cannot tell you.' ' It was like this, matey,' Sam interposed. / 'He turned the lamp up, he stared at Master / George here for half a second, and then ha / dropped like a poleaxed bullock.' / '\Excuse me,' said the doctor, ' bub is it / possible that your appearance here could it? any way have startled or excited him ?' / '.'That I cannot tell,' George responded./ George, in spite of his field attire, looked like a gentleman from head to heel, a»* tlla doctor cross-examined '\nm soniewkao _ reluo- - tantly, but he felt it bis duty to hia patient to know what he could about the ease. ' You can tell us at least if the nature of the business which brought yoa here could in any way have been exciting1 to him ?' ' Why, bless yonrsoul, cried Potter, he a no time to know what the business was. Ha dropped as if he'd been shot.' 'A very slight predisposing cause will sometimes act in these cases,' said the doctor. 'You can tell me, I suppose, if your relations with Mr. Hetheridge were amicable?' 'I was engaged,' George returned speak ing with an evident effort, though nobody but himself could guess how much that effort cosb him, ' I was engaged, with his consent, to be married to his daughter.' 'I understand your distress, sir,' said the doctor, little knowing how far his understand ing was from the fact. 'There had been no disagreement, no withdrawal of conaenb, for instance?' 'None,' George answered. ' We had nob even met since I was a mere boy.' He was bound to hide the truth. He felb ha could be guilty of no blacker crime than to re veal it, , . 'The case,' the doctor mused half to nun self, 'is very curious, very curious indeed. You will undertake to communicate, he asked aloud, 'with Miss Hetheridge, Mr. ? r 'My name is Redwood,' George responded, filling up the doctor's pause. ' I wafcommunicate with Miss Hetheridga by wire to-night. I'll do so through my mother, who will break the news to her eentty. ' It won't want much gentle .breaking, Sam declared. 'He's never took the least bit of interest in the child. He's found her money m plenty, to be sure, but nothing else. She d hava had a, million times the love wish me atid - 'X'lda.' Neither of his hearers was within measurable distance of tfee trae reading of this speech. George, theiigk he though* hfinnderstooo, was as Jar away as the strangec 'Weft 'W* the ^9°^2S '^ ^aD make ib tDT traP^^BB-fa*^ mSir 'WilHnm TEappgn. Mb . Heiberidg*is*!BM»ofar«rtwe«tth,aBdrBBp. pose ifcis my duty t» do my afoaomtB beet for ^llostt certainly,'9 George answered, fending himself appealed to. 'Moat MBjusedly. ' TbcnT wffl wire at once,' said the doctor. 'Tie storm is over, may I show yoa to the telegraph effiee, «« perhaps yoa know the W*rNcg' George reeponded, 'I am a stranger Atthispbintaservant entered andannounoed the arrival of Mr. Jessanser. 'And who is Mr. JesBamei?9 asked the Thegenfleman in question presented himself at the door. . ' . '?I am Mr. Hethendgefe managing clerk,' be announced, advancing, into the zoom and looking with some surprise at its occupants. ' I am here by appointment.99 'I aarsosry to tell you,' said the doctor, 'that Mr. Betheridge is eerioaely and even dangerously 3t' 'Bat not, I trust, unable to attend to busi nesB,' cried Me Jessamer. 'Absolutely unable,' returned the doctor. 'He is suffering from what is commonly called a paralytic stroke.39 'Great heavens !' ejaculated Mr. Jessamer. 'Bew sudden! How appalling! I left him this- afternoon in full possession of bis health and- faculties. How long will it be before he is in a position to be consulted f 'It ib impossible to say at present,' the doctor answered, 'whether he w31 ever be in a position to be consulted again. Pray don't understand me as saying that he will not recover. I say only that the case is one in which it is impossible to make any forecast.99 ' Jermyn,' said Mr. Jessamer, taming to the servant, who lingered at the door, 'I shall take up my quarters here for the present. I must be near Mr. Hetheridge in case of even a partial recovery. Take my portmanteau up stairs.' - 'Yes, Mr. Jessamer,99 the servant answered. ' Mr. Hetheridge gave orders to have a room preparedfor you this afternoon.' *Tt would be well to have somebody near at hand,' said the doctor. 'I was catted in to attend the case,9' he explained, 'and I was just about to take on myself the responsibility of wiring to Sir William KeppelL' 'Ob, Sir William, by all means,99 cried Mr. Jeseamec 'Mr. Hetheridge must have the best possible advice. And a skilled nurse, doctor. * Have you thought of the skilled nurse?' ' I will wire for one at once. I am going to the telegraph office now. May I offer you my eervices as pilot, Mr. Redwood ?' 'Thank you,' answered George languidly. His heart lay in his bosom like ice and lead — heavy, and as cold as death. There were tattered rags of clouds still banging in the sky, but as Kedwood, Sam, and the doctor emerged upon the drive the stars were shining brightly, the air was mild and balmy, and bad a «nngnla.r refreshment in it.. The eool odors of the wet earth rose like an incense of gratitude. In the streets the .^ammota were still flooded and roaring towards the sewers. The doctor talked of indifferent matters as they went, rising with trae profes sional elasticity from the memory of the gloomy horror he had left behind. If it were a doctor's business to keep in memory the sentiment of every chamber of suffering and despair- he visits the profession of healing would welcome few aspirants and nurture still fewer practitioners. George's message was blunt and to the point. 'Hetheridge dangerously iO, perhaps dying. Break news to Ellice. He is staying at Nevada Villa, Richmond.59 (To be continued. J 