the: humourist, Coleridge was a remarkably awkward horseman — so much so as generally to attract notice. He was once riding along the turnpike-road, in the county of Durham, when a wag, approaching him, noticed his peculiarity, and (quite mistaking his man) thought the rider a fine subject for a little sport, when, as he drew near, he thus accosted Mr.C. : 'I say, young man, did you meet a tailor on the road ? ' ' Yes,' replied Mr.C. (who was never at a loss for a rejoinder), 'I did ; and he told me, if I went a little further I should meet a goose I' The assailant was struck dumb, while the traveller jogged on. ' Madam,' said the tramp, a flush of outraged pride dyeing his variegated cheek, 'I am aware that my appearance is against me. I look like a vagabond in whose boeom there does not linger a vestige of the dignity and self-respect that are in separable from nature and well-balanced manhood. I have stooped to ask for charity. I have humbly craved the boon of a plate of cold victuals to satisfy the gnawings of a stomach that has been a ' ' stranger to food for six or eight hours ? ' He stopped a moment, passed his hand across his eyes, ana proceeded again : 'I have crushed back and trampled upon my pride in order to still the crav ings of a terrible hunger that I hope you may never experience ; but if you think you can work off a hall-section of if factory-made rhubarb pie on me, madam, you have made the mistake of your life. I have the honour, madam, to bid you good morning.' A Dutch widower, out West, whose better-half departed on a long journey to the spirit land some months ago, determined the other day to consult the ' rappers ' and endeavour to obtain a spiritual communication, feeling anxious respecting the future state of his wife. These rappers were not the genuine ' mediums,', but a bogus kind — adventurers endeavouring to reap a harvest out of the late mysterious developments. After the usual ceremonies the spirit of ''Mrs. Hauntz ' manifested by raps its willingness to converse with her disconsolate spouse. 'Yes, dearest, it is your own wife whe ? ' ' ' One tam lie ! you tevil of a ghost ! ' interrupted Hauntz, starting from his seat ; 'mine frau speak notting but Deutcb, and she never said tearest in her life. It was always ' Hauntz, you tief ! ' or ' Hauntz, you tirty schkamp ! ' ' and the Dutchman hobbled from the room, well satisfied that the 'rapping spirits ' were all humbugs, and that he was safe from any further communication with his shrewish frau on this earth. When Sherman (says the New York Merajd) reached Atlanta, he had much trouble in keeping back camp followers, sutlers, women, curiosity seekers, and so on. He gave stringent orders thai: no one was to be allowed to go to the front with out a specific order. Just about that time a sur geon came back from a furlough. He had passed ? through to Atlanta, but at Chattanooga they refused to allow his wife to accompany him further. They had only been married afew weeks, andhe had resolved that she should go with him, orders or no orders. Accordingly he dressed her as a soldier, and managed to smuggle her on a train. At Besaca she was stopped, her sex being discovered. The officer of the post absolutely refused to let her go on. The surgeon pleaded. Finally, after appealing to the officer's sense of mercy, he fell back on Scripture. ' My pass allows one to go to the front,' he said, ' and Scripture says a man and his wife are one.' ' Thunder ! ' retorted the officer; ' Sherman outranks Scripture all to perdition in these times.' At a demonstration in Athens during the late elections, the new chief constable, ColonelLieuten ant Bairaktaris, surnamed ' The Man of Iron,' on account of his severity, took prompt and rigor ous measures to induce the crowd to disperse. A local editor was delivering an incendiary Bpeech from the balcony of his premises, and continued to harangue the people after 9 p.m., the limit pre scribed by the police regulations. Bairaktaris, who had appeared on the scene with a large - muster of gendarmes and cavalry, asked him to desist, but both the orator and his hearers stood their ground. Then the chief-constable deter mined to make an example ; he ordered the military .to the front, and commanded, ' lire !' Thecry of terror which was raised by the gaping crowd - instantly changed to shouts of derisive laughter when the ranks opened and, instead of a volley , of grape-Bbot, four powerful jets of water played upon th'e mob and the speaker. Bairaktaris had, unobserved, brought four fire-engines into requi sition, which cleared the square in a twinkling. Thus the unruly people, whom sabres and bullets . might have goaded to desperation, were tamed into submission by a sense of the ridiculous. There have been no nocturnal demonstrations since that evening. It was in the gloaming, and the happy couple sat very close beside each other on the garden seat. There was a long silence, and then Jane said, with a little sigh — 'James, dear, we shall be married this day next week.' ' Yes, sweet, I know.' 'Don't you feel so happy!' she whispered, as she fondly rested her head on his shoulder. ' Yes, Jane, very happy.' ' Dearie me, I wish it were to-morrow.' 'Whyr' he asked sympathetically. ' Because, dear, I won't require to rise so early on these cold, cold morn ings, to take in the mi]k, and to put on the fire,' she replied with a little shiver, as if the recollec tion brought with it some of the actual discom forts. 'Certainly not, my pet,' he answered promptly. 'And I shall have no nasty windows to clean. Will I, dear?'' 'Not very likely, my little Jane.' , ' And no nasty boots to brush. Isn't it so jolly, James ?' she enthusiastically exclaimed. 'Yes — yes — of course, dear.'- ' You're a ' perfect gem of a fellow. It is so awfully good of you, my own darling,' and she edged a little closer to the 'perfect gem.' 'How is it so good of me, Jane, dear f' he tenderly asked. ' To say that. It was. such a relief to me, you know.' 'Of — course — why — certainly ! Some one must do them, my sweet girl. Who were you thinking of, Jane i' ' Why, you, of course. You'll do them for your little wife. It's so good of you !' } ' Jane, don't you feel it rather cold out here ? I I think we had better move inside before you catch | cold. It is rather chilly to-night.' They went inside, and Jane cannot understand why her ' dear James' felt the cold so suddenly. She did not feel it at all ! They are not married yet. 