A EOMi.ESS' NATION.` (Farx L. OSWALD.). It has booeen doubted if a Shanghai calie can possibly get "homesick." Gipies and Hebrows have been called natons without a country, and many nomad tibes remove their tent tabernacles every few weeks, but the only homeless lice, in the literal senee, is found in the east forests of Eastern Ceylon. They aretho Veddahs, or " wood tramps," supposoai to be the original inhabitants of the islaud,and seem ertainly more different from the hoise building nations than our Yuma Indian are from the citizens of a New England manu facturing town. Traviellers who leave the seaport of Colombo in a north-westerly direction have to cross a jungle forest dotted with numerous lagoons, where they are apt to come upon a camp of the strange areatures that prefer the wilderness to the cultivated uplands a low dozen miles further cast. Walkingleisurely along the sandy roads, the traveller may get a chance to watch the occupation of the half-naked savages before they have noticed his approach. At the foot of a shade tree the patriarch of the family may be seen crouched in the midst of tangled bundles of grapo.vines -wild swamp grapes, that overhang the lagoons all around and break easy enouguh to be gathered by armfuls without the help of a knife. His wife is sorting palm nuts-. Four or five different species of nut bearing palms are found..in the primeval forests of Ceylon, but, like our hickory nuts, they are infested with worms and their wind falls need picking. A couple of half-grown lads are searching the underbrush for berries, and as they go along may evennow and then be seen making a grab at somen fluttoring insect-a grasshopper, perhaps, or a tree locust, both included among the delicacies of the Veddah bill of fare. Two smaller children are playing at hide-and seek behind a buh-l. They have just finished their play with a friendly sotfile, when a warning cry from the foot of the shade tree miakes them loosen their hold and orouch down flat in the rank grass. Their mother has caught eight of the stranger. Starting to her feet she hurriedly picks up a little bagful of cracked nuts, then snatches up the largest of the two youngsters, one of her sons takes hold of the other, iand in the next moment the whole family has vanished in the tangle of the swamp fdrest. As the traveller inspects the deserted camp. he mtay possibly reproach himself with the untimeliness of his visit, but the Veidahs have already got the,better of their fright. They are probably gathering palm nuts again, and care little if they are going to pass the night tinder a wattle bridge of the waggen road or in a hollow tree in the hbeart of the jungle. In dry weather they would just asosn sleep at the edge of a lagoon where they have passed the evening in huntinig a mess of crayfish; but even a thunder-stormin'will not interfere with the soundness of their slumber if they can enjoy. the shelter of a well-tangled liana thicket. Sir Emerson Tennent, who'studied theirb habits during a ten years' residence in Ceylop, convinced himself that, withont compulsion, a family of Veddabs would not work half sn hour a year. to shelter them solvesa.fromt he inolemeucies of the weather. If one of their kinsmen should' meet with a desperate accident, his friends 'may. camp around his lair for a couple of weeks, to save himnt the trouble of orawling-out in questof food;, but the moment they get him on his legs again, they resume their wander-life, and rarely bivouso more than two nights at the same place. In the rainy season, when berries are scarce, they often live for weeks on roots and oraylish, or visit the seashore in search of crabs. A speoies of large tree lizard, similar to the Mexican iguana, they prize as a titbit and kill it by means of stones or clubs. Bows, arrows, knives, and traps they con lsider as superfluous as shoes and hats, and generally manage to d'spense even with the use of fire. Sun-drying lizards or fish is their nearest approach to the art of cookery. "I do not believe they are any more particular about such things than a wan deroo [a brush monkey] or a wild pig would be," said a Cingalese peasant when Tennent asked him how the Veddahe could endure the insect plagues of the jungle. "They would not use our kind of clothing if they could get it for nothing," he added, "and some of them wonld die if you should try to make them stay in a house." An English missionary found, indeed, that even the cripples of the Veddah pro. for the freedom of the wilderness to the. comforts of civilisation. Having heard of an old woodman who had broken his right leg, just above the ankle, he got his, native servants to hunt him up and bring him along by the promise of a-good dinner. By means of an interpreter he then offered. him the use of a vacant cottage and two free meals a day if ihe would renounce his savage mode of life. As a sample of their hos pitality, the missionary people fitted him up a comfortable bed and induced himn to par lake of a good supper, but the next morninic they found that the old fellow had decamped under cover of darkness. A canvas tent which they sent him soon after was picked up inea wayside ditch thenext' week. It had been punched full of small holes, and had probably been thrown away as too unwieldy for a fishing riet. Inquiries into the religious status of the Veddahes have led to a rather unexpected. result, and seem to prove that practical morality can long precede the dawn of theo logical specnlations. " Do vyou know where you will go after you are dead?" the traveller Selzer asked an old Veddah squaw who had encouraged dis cuession of that sort by certain curious in quiries of her own. Her answer surprisedhim. "Some years ago"s said she, "w buwrled a asi whose son, bad been bldsappad by the Nellerah bill folks, and who was almost crazy about having to die before be had a chance to help his boy. For a week or so I almoet thought he would come back from the grave, but he never came. It must be because he couldn't. No one can. The logs are too heavy," referring to the custom of burying tlheir dead under the stump of a falling tree. "l)o you know who made this worlds" asked Professor Selzor, finding the old lady's vocabulary of Cingalese terms rather corn. prehensive. "Do you?" was her innocent counter query. " The monsoon rains make the grass grow, but we do not know who made the stones or the mountaine." "Have you never thought about such questions? My aunt used to ask, 'Who drives the moon?' But what could one answer? It's no use askiog such ques tions." Those absolute agnostics can, however, be trusted to rospect the boundaries of cultivated fields with or without a thorn hedge, and are not apt to break a promise, even to a stranger. Commenting on the oivil marriage laws of the Italian Govern. mont, the Oeserctrlore Romano a month ago remarked that "such outrageous innovations would shock the most uncultivated people on earth, since the marriage form of the veriest savages is always accompanied with some degree of religious ceremonial.'' In the case of the Veddah, that rule woiuld be confirmed by an exceptioni. Like the Mendocino Indians, they content them selves with removing the bride's hammook from her father's camp to that of her success ful suitor, but a custom observed all along the east coast seem to disoourage onean gninoous marriages. " Why do you not marry girls from your own camps?" P'rofessor Selzer asked a Ved dah youth who had imported his inamorata from the other side of a broad coast river. "' It is never done," was the evasive reply. "W Vhy not ?'' The Veddah refleooted. "It wouln't do, ohow'." said be at last: "Young folks of the same gang have been kicked about togethebor too; much you know," meaning that betwCeo.'tear relatives familiarity breeds a soft 'of oblitiemnt inoormpatible with the. development of the tender pae. sion. The "dread of a esold" can hardly prevent the naptials of neighbours, as the dietionary of the bush Veddahs is said to contain less than 100 words. Their would be educators have to begin their attempt at reform, with linguistic instruction, since convereatiosia in the vernacular are con staatly hampered by the luck of te ms for abstract conceptions. Thus the Veddabs have one word for ripe grape and another for sour, but no equivalent for the adjectives sweet, ripe, blue, or green. A repeated extension of their uplifted arms is their nearest approach to a synonym of great or grand. Anger they express by striking their knees, and shame on the sense of absurdity by hiding their eyes.. They hardly ever lugh. The idea of the comio, as apart from the morally preposterous, is apparently be yond their mental horizon. After sunset they occansionally evince a vague uneasiness that has been supposed to indicato a trace of " animism," as modern philosophers call the primitive belief in ghosts, but that dread of darkness would hardly furnish a basis.for spiritualistic enter-; prise, and its germ may more likely be found in mid ight panics impressed for countless generations on the souls of, our Darwinian anoestora. The prowling giant oats of the tropics are the probable proto types of lemures, lamins, night-hags, and ghouls, if not of " Old Scratch " himself. In the youngsters of the Veddahs a penchant for vagrancy would seem to get developed as early as the instinct of pre varication in a Dupont street Mongolian. The wife of the same missionary who failed to reclaim the crippled fisherman once tried her luck with a gang of Veddah children, who passed her bungalow on their way to a grape-jungle once or twice a week. By dint of little presents she induced them to linger on her porch now and then, and thought she had engaged their interest in a description of the New Jerusalem and its inducements to permanent settlers, enumerated with the eloquence of a Kern valley land agent- but all her attempts to organise a regular Bible class were defeated by the truancy of her young friends. ! Where have you been these last two weeks?" she oneoo sked the biggest boy of the gang. " Don't you remember what I told you about the Golden City and the Castle of Zion ? " ".Why. yes," stammered the youngster; "it was heap pretty," raising both hands at arns' length, "but we thought we-liked :outdoor play better.'' .-Ier. little visitors, in fact, had renounced the very hope of a permanent home too com. pletely for missionary purposes. 