BAPTISM OF F!Kli. Bv JkancAi: Vak A).btikx. •ffvENVON tti.AKll sal '» bis luxurious office, cbewirri' the end of his cigar and mentally anatheinntWiiRtht stnteofthe Money Maikct, and lite unreasonable and very inconvenient (Minion that hod lately characterised even the most reckless of speculators. As a professional blower of bubbles, ho had no patience with this timidity and caution—J in others} and ft wns an unlooked-for exhibition of theso undesirable qualities In I a big fish, upon whom lie had of late' expended much eloquence and more chain-; pague at several expensive luncheons, and i whom he had believed to be fairly hooked, that had dirt ut bed his usually placid l»-»"j.»r. U was one of the rules of his sclf-inrin.^, nl life to dwell as lit tle as possible upon any thing diergreeable, and to compensate him self for any unpleasantness by the Bret pleasure that came to hand. Acting upon this habit, he opened the handsomely-titled liqueur-case which is always so important a feature of the promoter's snnetuiu ; and, having pulled himself together villi an, expensive brand of whiskey, lit his cigar— also an expensive brand—and sauntered out, i By lite time he had reached LvaiknUuU strect lie had completely banished his dis-I appointment from his thoughts, imd in its steed had summoned before Ins mental vision en apparition that was eminently a pleasant one. To tell the truth, Bessie Langley's face and voice, and soft distinctive charm, had liaunlcdBlukopretly persistently for a coupie of months; and it needed no great effort on liis part to conjure up her mmge. Indeed, on more than ono occasion lately, in the. very heatand stress of a lirely board-meeting, when he needed all Ms con centration and adroitness — for Konyon Blake's buard-meetings were never tame, but frequently very stormy—lie had been startled by some delightful yet troublous memory of that gracious presence thai had set his pulses dancing. To think of her, to wish to ue with her, and to gratify (bat wish ura the natural sequence to inuii of Blake's disposition, and in another minute be was inside n lianeom bowling rapidly westwuid, notwithstanding the fact that he had two appointments, and one board - meeting that imperatively demanded his attention that afternoon. Bessie was standing by the great north window when lie came in, looking out upon the trim garden where tho sun shone brightly on the rows of daffodils. With the swift gratitude of flowers, they had plucked up heart of grace under his genial smile, and, turning their backs upon the east wind, had resolved to bloom their sweetest. "And what have you been doing lately* May X seeasked Kcnyon, after she had poured him out a cup of tea which he "wallowed with a shudder, but accepted because he liked to watch the play of her white, deliberate hands. "Nothing; absolutely nothing. I have been horribly idle; a very blight of laziness seems to have settled on me. But let us talk of something else ; X am not in a work ing mood, as X told you. My brushes and I ure 'out,'as Will Carlcton would say." Poor Bessie 1 The restlessness and disin clination for steady work, that she called laziness, was the first effect of the disturbing element that was creeping into her life, and to which she had not become accustomed. Art had for so long been to her the end and aim of life, that she could not as yet com prehend that any other feeling might claim more than a superficial interest from her. Site was, moreover, a reserved and tender woman ; and the circumstances of her life had served to intensity this natural charac teristic. Motherless at 15, she had been left to the care of her great-uncle, a simple- minded, large-hearted old man of the Colonel New come type, who lived in a tiny home embowered in a big garden in St. John's Wood. He idolised Bessie, and his pride in her talent knew no bouuds. He took her to Home for two years, and from thence to Paris, where she worked for five yours in Julian's atelier, and attracted the notice of some of the best men in the profession by the earnestness of her work. It was upon their return to Izmdou that. Uncle Colin had built her the big bright studio that was the real heart-home of the enthusiastic young artist. The gentle old man lived to tee liis darling win her place upon the line; end then faded gradually and painlessly out of life. Bessie had no one left but Ninette -Ninette, the sharp - tongued, cynical daughter of Paris, whose capable hands had held the reins of their little roinage there, and who hud begged to he allowed to accompany them to England, rather than be parted from Bessie, who had all uncon sciously wound herself tightly round her hard heart. When Uncle Colin died, his pension died wjtli hini; hut Bessie's work brought in sufficient to satisfy their simple wauls, for Ninette was a wonderful manager. Aud so the years sped softly on, and Bessie lived like a nun, seeing only a few fellow-craftsmen, and neither knowing not caring aught of the outside world. Her work absorbed her completely, and fully satisfied all the requirements of her nature, so that she remained ignorant and unsus picious of its deeper needs. " She would be charming if she were a woman," a clever Frenchman had said of ber to Julian; "but, unfortunately, she is only an artist." When Bessie bad first met Kenyon Blake, she bad. shrunk from him. With a curious instinctive feeling thatyvas Ivardly strong enough tobe.dislike but was/perhaps the am^Btfquspetaj} ftorn the y-nwompioodnquer rthnt fitsk baif. jwjywfeffifaNirowh wtdtboWinheroon fidenee as well as her liking. ..Gradually, however, eke grew to look foiivfltu niTlK TlriU, -.^ . irk irwwi Ifiny It cametopaaa that mamj summer mornings found him swinging idly, in : the' hammock that was slung across one corner of the studio, while she tried to work, and drank in his words, all unconscious of whither she was drifting. Slake unfolded his schemes and plans to her, and told her amusing stories of his adventures and perils, for he was a good talker and had travelled much, and seen life undor many aspects. And in all he recounted there was a cleverly.managed glorification of himself, that somehow left Bessie with the impression that someone else.lmd told her what a princely fellow was this' generous, bravo, open-hearted man, whom men trusted and women loved. Sometimes his voice would be low, and hie eyes grow sad, as he roused her sympathy with the well-told tale of an uncongenial mate; of high aspirations thwarted, great opportunities lost, brilliant successes diverted, his own hopes, interests, and tastes sacrificed, and himself disheartened and made reckless by the tactless folly of the woman he bad married. All this was delicately conveyed of course; more by implication, at first, than by Actual detraction, and with many a skilfully- drawn contrast that was subtly flattering to Bessie, who listened and pitied —and loved? Ah! yes. Love foiced.its way at last into tho closed chambers other heart, thrilling all its fibres to tenderest hu-mony under his tormenting touch, and filling her eyes with the divine uureit which is the first ef the many penaltus that we women nay for his admission. But the sweetness was tliort-Ii* »d, and, she realised the hopeluweat 'if the futuie Loyally she wrestled w th the devil of rebel lion, as of old Jacob wrestled with the mes senger of God; and after a time victory, seemed to come. True, she could not cast out her love, but she could curb it, tw turn it into the channel of friendship tHl ] should be the joy of her life, ana fuat would ptioh¬ be « comfort to bimSf9i I S Her lieavt ached for tils loneliness, ant! for Uie hideous mockery of bis wari iago to i\ won run lie did not lore ; nnd she longed Willi all iier generous, unselfish soul (o i bring some brightness inlo bis blighted lifo. It Ioi Lured her to see that longing, hungry ■ look in fits eyre, and the sad icint of hie voice awakened in her all tire I protecting, , semi-maternal tenderness Unit slumbers at I the heart of every true woman. I Alas, that so few women realise, until it la : loo late, how terrible is the itowcr of a man [ who ha* studied our *e*, and who docs not scruple to torn his knowledge (oneconni! From the iirst, the odds are against us; i'..r, we me so oasily swayed by personal: i influences. Remorselessly he jpdhcrs thu thousand little dainty filaments of out-weak-, nesses and foibles into bis hand, and twists' tiiom into a cable that binds us. In vain we struggle! we cannot break it; and those tvbo mtislor siifticient courage to cut it asunder, find that they bare dug the knife intollieir own hearts, and purchased their freedom by wounds that peilmps may never heal. It is only a very strong man who can resist Using this power when he has once experienced the fascination of its exercise ; 11)0 cravings of hi' own passion hid him strive for victory at any price. And most assuredly Kenyon Make had never been :sl long with such noble strength. Even as a young man, when the chivalvie instincts ! a re keenest, he could rarely summon resolu tion to diaw the Join upon his inclinations; and et forty he had an incurable flabbiness of moral litre that was the natural result of a life of grossest selfishness. Ho watched poor Bessie's loyal struggles With a buif cynical, half compassionate amusement. Poor little darling, how miserable and how wicked she felt I Wall, lime and he between thear would cure that; and then—nh, then he would teach her to to live! And the mere thought of hie, coming triumph sent the blood surging, hotly through pis veins. Bessie had crown vety dear to biu), and be loved her: with the truest fove of which his (elfish, shallow nature was capable. That j it was a poor, weak, fleshy parody of thej great i(meter-passion was Bessie's misfortune ; rather than Kenyons fault; for, suc'n as it was, it was the best he bad to give. Inevitably, the climax came; andone July evening, in the quiet garden, the ghostly twhite lilies trembled on their tall stems as they listened unwillingly to e story that should never have been told; and the dim moonlight ehoue pityingly down upon a woman who wns palpitating with joy, fear, triumph, humiliation, and a dozen other Com plex emotions that tug at the heart-sitings out defy analysis. At 27, a woman, however sheltered and uneventful her girlhood may have been, knows when she should cease to listen ; and Bessie knew. But the ihand of the conqueror was heavy upon her; ai'id her soul, which had never yet stined to any passion but the love of her art, was struggling to life at the call of the man whose ardent words were dropping like gouts of fire into her heart. j To all strong-hearted women the birth of passion is a bewilderment; a torture of sweetness that leaves the will oil limp and helpless, and blotB everything from out the world, but the Prospero who has evoked the storm. " No, we shall not part," be broke in upon her murmured protest. "It is useless to tell ine not to come. As well might you forbid vour flowers here to turn towards the light. Mature is stronger than you are, Bessie; stronger than I am. Do yon think/have not struggled and fought my way through the same scruples and doubts that hare assailed you 1 And with the same result. You have tried to cast out this dream from your bcort; but, dear, yon cannot. Night and day the sweet, insistent torment, has clung to you, lias pursued you with whispers of a joy too great to be renounced—not meant to be renounced. No, you shall not speak—"as she tried to stop the avoids that tortured her-—"I know what you would say, and I will r.ot listen. All those illogical, timid considerations would find no place in your heart if it were on fire like mine. What is the world to you or to me, with its puerile social laws, and ineffectual barriers ? Follow the voice of love in your heart, and leave the rest to ine. Do not speak ; look up iDto my face, and let me read those true eyes ! Come, Bessie; cone to me, sweet Come to me for life—for ever!" Bis voice was husky with passion, and the arms lieheld out to ber trembled with one of the truest emotions he bad ever known. " I cannot, I cannot," she faltered, with;* sob in her voice. " Yetyou love me! I feel you do; while. I—my God ! child, I worship you I Yon drive tne mad with your quiet," cool ways and tender oyes! Tell are, dear," he wept on more quietly, " had I been free would yiu 1 have answered differently 1 IVonld you baye been my wife 5" . ! " Ah ! Kecyon." " Soy, would yon ?" j " Yes," very softly. "Mysweet!" And in a second she rfas in his arms, and he was kissing her greedily on lips and ohcek— kisses that burned deep into her soul, and seat the bloori of a tiw life shivering aud tingliug through fjer reins. 'i For a momentfbe wonder of this new bliss that verged so riosely upon pain blot yd everything from her consciousness, ><nd she forgot the struggle that was still unfinished, with all its doubts and fears and tbe dim, prophetic instinct of sohow in the future, j "No, sweetheart, let me hold yon soj' as she drew back breathless and tremofng from his passionate embrace, " whilq we reason a little together. If you would have married' tne, why should you hesitate to j some torn? Bow.whyelondyonr life/and l Mtxn Miilli 11» f all i t In ■ I « 'nf ^iia III11nil f, minewSib tbUchimeraof iiie woijdj •jpap J ib d^tog.^ny Jscwiw Bessia l .>» It sot enougk'toryob .4b nuderetend mid reverence you t Cab not trust met Is not your iovestrong eno for this?' \---■ wpoktliat. icouldtrustyou,. Jti i » i 0 <»re wliot ottJws w think, elieanswered, brokenly: "but both owe something to another taw. to brinff "'W on -yh " Hush, child 1 Vou are sneaking of wll yS? d® «ot understand 1 yor years wife Md I have been the merest^, ti^f^ y4Jl!Bods BV8n' and tht iiv tune we spend together is almost nt«M» EP»t. How should j-du miA stand a wild, coarse, jtmlous nature like®.. you, who ore so tedder And so Snef ;Aht}~ yet roe is a good woman in her impassive way; but we are like oil and witter. . tint ere my true mate, the wife of lay soul, ;lici' one woman whose evay thoughtand impulae' is responsive to my pwn. An! I eoulddo great things with yiu always beside tnetp ,i •D)^r inspiration—my Egerio ! See 5"~ taking her pissive /hand in his—''in the hollow of tins dear hand lies my life 1 Voir can make it Heaven or hell for me, Bessie l My love, my live"—his voice broke—" use*' your power iiuA'clfully i not he ..hard-j upon us both j.'for you know yon cannot ■ ooiideinn me so misery without sufferingj yourself!" I[ ' ■! It was piteoM to «» her vacillation end; Vncertaiutyyhc-is who bad always been so] strong and » prompt. Bat a volcano had j suddenly haken forth amid the cool greein pastures of her life, burying ail her land marks u/Jer its lava Sow, and driving hor to a fay that she was powerless to resist. .^tips sense of cairn, and peace, and r . ess succeeded to the stormy doubts' „ foars of the iftst few weeks. Everything .'mnrod to Bessie under a new aspect, and ■ . 5 sang blithely as she painted. For ebo iad entered Iter hand of lleulah, the Canaan ■ jf our foolish, love-craving hearts. Ah ine, that its boundaries am so narrow, and that its exits yawn so pitilossly wide upon the dark waste of disenchantment I At first »bf had Mimed herself bitterly for hating ( » striven «jc«.lnet Keuyou *o Since she ■ loved him, why had she tried to creel H barriers against him, and to shut Ittiu out I i into the loveless cold of the vvoild whence I lie had mm» to seek her? Those I J barriers, too, had been built ot selfoh ; hess, of contemptible fears for herself, of ait' unwomanly lack of generosity in her. But all that was past now ; alio had tasted the | joy of self-abnegation, of self-effacement that is the heart of love; mid she knew that the ] work she had to do hi thia world was the | delightful task of maklnghcrJfenyoiihappy. That was the Iruo morality of love, and all (lie rest was empty nonsense invented by a ■ mulish world that did not know how to be j thankful for its owu blessings. She looked hack, with wondering pity for herself, upon the quiet days before she had j known Kcnyon $ and with the grand i triumphant tones of her life- music peahng ; in her em's, those far-ofl days seemed like dumb notes in tho song. It. was not until ! lung afterwards that she tealised tbutthey ( were rests j rests which, though they are | net music, "have the making of music in ; them." j " Do yon really love me, Bessie?—love me ' well enough to lie <|iiitc happy, just because j ljovcyou nnd we belong to each other!" , Kciiyon said to her one day. j She nestled yet more closely to him, and I silently laid her line soft lingers on liis i cheek ; for she was shy of words at times with the only man she had ever loved, this woman of sevcu-aud-twonly. Apparently j the pretty action satisfied him—for a time j at least.. | I "And I'm no good, ricsr,'' he went on, a! little sadly; " a queer, ecceittrio sort of I fellow ; never doing anything I dislike, and j never denying myself a thing I want—a Ff'iish brute. But I never yet went back 011 a friend or gave up a schemo I had promised to carry through. The world would tell j you, and tell you truly, that I am not fit to I ask for any good woman's love"—it was one of Kcnyon Blake's most dangerous and alluring trfeks to affect at times what most men would look ujkjii as quite a receless candour and frankness; lie, the most fluent [ and convincing liar who ever wore the livery of Ananias " but X worship you, Bessie And though I have loved scores of oth ! women, j«id have been loved by them, no er one has had the power to move me as you ver VQU sweet-, sweet srirl do. The months sped by almost unnoticed by Bessie, M ho, once the great plunge had been made, had forgotten all her struggles and been madly, almost defiantly, happy. That I she had deteriorated goes without saying; ■ for, with the sad humilityofa loving woaian, she bad tried to descend to Kcnyon's level, having found it impossible to raise him to hers. And things had not prospered Willi Keyon. A financial blight had fallen on the City,"and he could find no scope for his persuasive talents and no market for his speculative schemes. Notwithstanding hie aristocratic pretensions, he was not- sufficiently a y'Ule man to wear a shabby coat with ease; and having expensive habits, it was not long before he exhausted not only his own resources but also those of hie friends who were confiding enough to trust him. Bessie being in the secret of all his ventures soon knew of bis embarrassments, and tried to stem the tide with her little store. Kenyon j demurred at first, bat soon allowed himself ] to be silenced witb her loving sophistries. ] And so, by forties and fifties, the sleudcr j bank account grew less. And Ninette i banged her pans about mote viciously than i aver, and drove the dustmen, whom she j held in especial abhorrence, to the verge of suicide. And as the spriug ripened into summer the first cloud gathered on Beesic'B horizon. Mrs. Blake, wiio had been on the Continent for a year, signified her intcnLion of spend ing the season in London, and desired' Kenyon to look out some suitable house for I her. The request with its consequent expenditure, staggered him, but as his 'wife was always the last person to whom lie wished his difficulties to be known, be trusted, with the true gambler's spirit, to some lucky coup to Get him straight, and prepared to receive her. Bessie looked on, and for the first time grew jealous. Be had been so wholly hers, that she bad at times almost forgotten that other claim—and now I In vain Kenyon assured her of his undivided allegiance, and grumbled lustily at the annoyance his wile's caprice caused him; in spite of his increased tenderness and caresses, the sting remained. Really pained by her distress, lie devised a whim sical cure, aud contrived a plan whereby j Bessie should see his wife and judge for herself how little she was to be feared as a rival. And the cure was complete! v success ful. Bessie bad been prepaved to hato the wamnn whom she had -wronged, and j whose very existence had wrecked all the sacred hopes of wifehood and motherhood that nestle at the heart of every woman who is worthy of the name ; but at the sight of her all resentment and jealousy faded for ever from her heart. Mis. Blake was a weary-looking woman whose eiglit-and-tbirty years sat heavily on her, aud, without being stout, she gave the impression of weight and thickness by reason of her uuelastic tread and the clumsy contour of ankles aud wrists. As a girl she must have been rather pretty, and uncon sciously one expected to see her in the costume of the early seventies—a costume one felt that bad been becoming to her. But by some strange freak of form or feature, no skill of modern dressmaker Could bring her uj» to date, or hide that fatal inborn dovdincss before which even f'eiix end Worth would have confessed them selves powerless. To Bessie, with her quite, distinctive chic, there was something jitho tie in this; nnd as ebe noticed how the supplementary twist of bright gold empha "toa the fndedtiess of the once pretty hair, in?waa,filtod with a-half- conteiiiptnpiis '" ," ^K/ii,d^-bhlodtitss^^tsaii;,TVho' -i» ichorous blood \^d tuttitd to water en bar veins, stia wlm'vpfj ttrWj,ole tragedy of broken hopes *n° »wi6tful etrfilnii>g after 'he leva ■ the ffi« lost—~»ni?»eiL^ she hod ever hadi her aim, wmee lashed eyes, could never again awaken Bessie's envy. Had Kenyon Blake, with {■is restless energy and full pulsing vitality, bis quickness ana activity of thought ana body, sought the world over for a more uncongenial mate than this dull, lymphatic woman, who dragged like a millstone upon .bis career, ft is doubtful whether he could have found cue. As Bessie turned away, she realised as never before that it was sue wbs was indeed bis true wife—the wife of his sou), as he had said} but somehow there was a tinge of bitterness in her joy that site did not under-1 stand. r It was just after this that Keuyon went guddenlyvtn Paris to try end tilt tho scales of Fortune in favour of one of his schemes that was trembling in tho balance. Ho was almost penniless; but with the sublimo audacity that was one of the factors of his success with women, he posed there as a veritable 1'aladin of finance; and it was from the Hotel Continental that Bessie received the daily loving letters, full of hopes, and promises, nnd passionate vowb, that so amply satisfied her unexacting tandornces. With the fatal capacity for devotion and self-sacrifice that distinguished her, she fretted over her lover's impocuniosity, and finally gathering together the remnants of her saleable sketches and jewellery, sent liim five crisp, clean £5 notes ; and then, with a light heart,walked blithely through themud and rain to save the threepence that an omnibus would have cost iter. .fc When he returned he had tbegraco to feel ashamed when he missed a hoop of fine diamonds that be had always seen on Bcssio's -finger. Hitherto she bad, with delicate tact, seleoted things which she wore but seldom ; but those had all gone. -. " Will you love me the less that my hands are hare f" sho asked, laughing; " you silly boy, to fuss about such a trifle I" . Aud then he talked in bis large way ol the magnificent things be was going to do in (tie near future, unlit Bes.de began to Shmu herselffor not linving sufficiently appreciated tlie privilege of denying herself r.lic neces saries of life, unci to fool llial Jior poor little hundreds must seem very paltry to this princely hero of hoi's 1 But worse was to come; and a few months afterwords Bessie stood for the Inst time by tho great north window of her studio, ana looked sadly out at the dripping gardens. Some of Kenyan Blake's kites were flying home to roost, and the furnished house that lie had taken had to be paid for •, writs had been issued ; and altogether matters looked ugly for him. i Bessie's course had been prompt, and tho prctly cottage had been transferred to an ; artist who had long coveted it. j Everything wns packed ; everything rcrnly 1 for her departure; and poor tv'ineUe was ; shivering patiently out in the gusty hall, ! cud wishing Hint Madame would remember t hat the marketing had yet to bo done before i.i *y could think of settling down to rest in the" dingy Thayer-street lodgings whither they were bound. And already it was nearly four, and the gloomy December afternoon wa« drawing to a close. Yet Bessie lingered. Sbo was filled with a fierce exultation of: sacrifice, and the keen, sweet pleasure of being of nee to tbe man sbo loved. Was it J not lo tide liirn over a disastrous moment, and to keeps roof over his wife's head, that she had converted everything available into ready cash I Ah, and the delight of doing it! | And it was with a smiling face and happy . heart that Bessie Langley passed out of her home. Just before she reached the gate a j few unnoticed twigs of " common j honesty," which had survived thus late in a sheltered corner, attracted her attention, ! and with an impulse of pleasure, she e tootled to gather these white ghosts of the vanished summer. But, as her hand touched them, the thin, silvery disks fluttered down among , their dead companions, leaving the uakea stalks to shiver in the chill, damp air ! Nearly eighteen months later, all London ; crowded to see a picture that hong in one of the galleries of Burlington House, and had been purchased by the trustees of the Cbantrey Bequest. It was a large canvas, aud bore in one corner the initials " E. L." A woman clothed in sad-coloured garments stood erect in the centre of a woodland path and gar-ed straight out at the spectator. The dead leaves rustled at her feet, aud the bare trees were coldly outlined against the heavy grey sky of early winter. The very spirit of desolation was pictured there, and | tue hey to the story lay in the only gleam of i colour in the canvas—a scavlet letter that glowed and burned upon tho woman's breast1 —the A of the Puritan adultress. \ But it tvns not Hester Prynne the sinner, silent, scornful, impenitent, as her judges saw tier ; but Hester, the despairing woman, alone among the ruius of her love, cr ushed and dazed by the cowardly defection of tire ruan who had been ber god, her conscience, her ideal of all that was manly and trust worthy and true. The pillars of her world had given way, and everything was tottering under her; for ho had failed her. And since he was false, what was there left for her to cling to ! "It is quite heart-breaking, isn't it, Mr, Lester V' n pretty girl had said to Dudley at the private view; *' but Mr- Gurnett was mistaken when he said that Miss Lauglcy bad been her own model. It isn't her face at all." And the man had murmured, uuder his breath, " No; it is only her soul!" Soon after Bessie bad left Canal Gardens Keuyon Blake secured an appointment in Melbourne as manager of some concern in which he was interested. His expenses were to be paid, the salary was good, and he was to receive a considerable sum before bis departure. ** So you see, little girt, we are coming out all right; and in a few months I shall buy out that follow who has got your little place, and you shall have a studio of youv own again," he said, with a fine burst of lordly generosity. A few days before he sailed, Bessie whose uncalculating passion was as ready to ask in good faith as to give, told him that she was literally penniless, and that there was heavy interest coming due upon money that she had raised for him at various times. It was the first time she lmd erer reminded him of the privations she was suffering; and probably she would not have done no bad he not previously assured her that some hundreds of pounds bad been paid in to him within the week. But she had not reckoned the new clothes there were to buy, the dinners there were to give, and the cigars and perfumery and whisky to be laid in for the voyage, and the] dozen other far more important claims Co exhaust his uioney than the daily needs of ] the woman who bad beggared herself fori him. | " Of course, I had thought of that, and , will see to it before I leave. Don't worry or j fret, for everything is coming straight at, last." And his answer had been sufficient: to satisfy Bessie's trustful heart. j Towuids evening of the day before his departure, after she had waited for him all day, a telegram came : 1 Terribly busy. Meet me at Docks, r.e. Alexa. Sail at eleven. So sorry." Sick at heart at losing him, BcsBie set out at the appointed time, and Kenyon was tender, and apologetic and talkative ; and more prodigal of wonderful promises than ever. " I've arranged everything with Towers, so write to him the moment you get home, and he will see you are all right. I shall send you more the iniuute I land, so don't worry, my dear, dear girl. I'm half crazy at leaving you, but it will only be for a few months, and then I'll show you how much I lore you 1" And foolish Bessie became hopeful -once more) end her sad face grew leas white and j drawn as she clung truatiuHy to fee coward ] . 'oweie jenlina to Beasie's guarded] letter in terms.«? strictest politeness, and] regretted that Mr. Blake had not given him ] instructions to act for him io any way; hot he inclosed that gentleman's address, and •aaitfiSStdJbhis opinion that any communica tion aadfissed direct to him would receive ! his atteifton. I Time r her woijt ivhoit she hawked it round herself than when receiving the dealers iu her own studio, I since even dealers are not above' being influenced by the surroundings of their customers. Then she grasped at that forlorn (hope of the gently-reared poor— teaching; and trudged bravely through the wiutry streets to give her lessons. At tip end of three months she received, through Mr. Towers, a cheque for £10. It was the last communication Bessie ever ret .ivei Irom the man for whom she had : sacrificed and suffered so much i although she learned from various sources that ho was faultlessly clothed as ever, and spending his money with all tlio old open-liandsd princely generosity—upon hfniseif. Soma women babble of their eorrows to wbosoel'cr lends an car, and so find comfort; but Bessie ivas not one of 'these, and oven to Kinetic she had never spoken Kenyon's nauio. Into her picture, she breathed the chaos of her soul. It was her one dumb pretest and appeal—the one silent expression of heranguiBb. Seine years bavo passed since Elizabeth laiigley exhibited the picture which made her famous ; and she is now one of the most eagerly-sought-after women in London ; lor it la only in novels that hearts are never healed. The Miss Havishams do nut live outside the pages of the romancer. But Bessie is "Bessie" no longer; tlio soft diminutive does not fit the queenly woman who hears her statelier name in full. Sho is gentle in manner as of yore, with tlio added grace of the finished worldling. But the true softness and trustfulness of her nature has for ever vanished, for she has passed through her Baptism ef Eire, and learned her lesson of life ; and it has left her impssive, and scornful, and coldly cynical at heart,—Abridged from Kanify Fair, THIS MISEfTS HAND. One evening in tlie year 1520 a woman enveloped in n long black mantle was wall; ins toward the bridge of the Riullo in Venice. She paused on tlie centre of the bridge and looked down witb h shudder on the clear blue waters of tbo Adriatin ; then closing ber eyes and murmuring faintly. "Antonio, my Antonio 1 Adieu!" ebe pre pared to throw herself over tlie parapet. Just as she was falling n man rushed for ward, seised Iter with a powerful grasp, and, drawing her back, said—" Girl, destroy not thy life which Providence lias given thee." "The girl impatiently tried to shake off tlie strong, kind hand that held her, and said—"Let mego. Imust die!" In another moment she tottered and felt to the ground, where she lay without sense or motion. Her preserver raised her head, and, in order to give her air, drew hack tlie veil which concealed iter features. They were very lovel.v, and the man gazed on her with wonder hud admiration as she was gradually icslored. By degrees she told him who she was and where she lived. ller history might b< summed up in a few words: An avaricious father, a poor lover, a mutual but unhappy love. Vainly did Maria plead with her father, a rich innkeeper of Venice, tlio cause of her lover, Antonio Baibarigo, the handeoms gondolier, beneath the Bridge of Sighs. At length, this evening, her father, Gianettini, fcrgot himself sofarastostrifcehisdaughtet with some violence, and she, with far mote culpable neglect of her duty, ran wildly from home, and, as we have seen, was arrested just on tlie verge of committing suicide. The pei son who had saved her led her gently to her home, and, having given lier up to her father, seated himself in an obscure corner of the hostelry. Gianettini received his child with rude reproaches, and, bidding her retire to her own department, and betake herself to her spinning, lie call a suspicious glance at the person win brought her home, whose stout, man!; figure and firm countenance, however, deterred the innkeeper from addressing him in a hostile manner. As Maria turned to depart, a young gon dolier appeared at tlie door, and fur tively approaching her, said, " Dearest I dearest!" nearest: Ginnetiini rushed forward, shouting: " Out of this ! Out of my house, fellow 1" The young man did not stir. " Have you finished?" lie said, in a good humoured" tone. " Wherefore these liaro" words'? Have you never loved, Signot Gianettini? Have you totally forgotten tin feelings of your youth? Know you not thai since I was ten years old and Maria five we have loved each other foudly? Will you not, then, allow us to hallow your old age with our leare?" " I don't want to have a parcel of beggars for my children," said Giancttini, roughly. " Heggars !" replied the young man. "You surely forget yourself." Not I, indeed," returned the father. " I refuse my consent. Therefore, get you gone." "Certainly, you are rich," replied the vouug man, "but what hinders that 1 should become so too. A stout arm, a brave heart, an honest soul will, with the help of Heaven, do much." "Afool'e dream 1" " Nay," said Antonio, " it is sober sense. Prince Lorenzo do Mcnic was a merchant; Dulce Giacomo Sioi-za a cowherd." The man in the corner had listened attentively to this dialogue. He rose, and touching Bnrbarigo's shoulder, said, "Wei. spoken, gondolier. Courage brings success, nud struggles bring conquests. Maria shall be thy wife." " Never," cried Gianettini, " Master Jew," said the unknown, turning disdainfully toward him, " if this youth would lay down 600 pistoles would you object to the marriage? " " Be that as it may, you must remember that he is now little bettor than a pauper." " Pshaw," said the unknown, " babblers are more tiresome than thieves. Before to-morrow you shall handle that sum." So saying be drew from his pocket a piece , of parchment and a crayon, and turning [ toward a (able began rapidly to sketch a man's hand. It was represented open, ■ impatient, with hollow palm, as if expecting I a shower of gold pieces. It had, so to speak, a sensuous, avaricious expression, and one \- of the fingers was encircled with a massive ' 'Tis my band !" cried Gianettini. " And your history," said the artist. Giving the sketch to Antonio, its author desired him to cany it to Piclro Etnvois. librarian at the Palace of lot. Mark, and demand in exchange for it COO pistoles. "Six hundred fools' heads," cried the innkeeper. "I would not give a zecchin for it." Without speaking the artist turned haughtily away. The Gondolier took (lie parchment and looked at it with ustouislnuent. lie then turned doubtfully towards Maria, but • glance from her dark softeyes reassured hin and he set out on his mission. With folded arms and a moody brow till artist commenced pacing up and down thi large room in the hostelry, casting at inter vals a scrutinising glance at the young girl, who, now penitent for her intcuded crime, was silently praying in a corner. As foi GiaueUini, he seemed unable to shake off the. strauge ascendancy gained over liirn by bh unknown visitor, his habitual effrontery failed him, and for tho fust time in his lift he dared not break silence. An hour passed. Then hasty, joyousstepi wore heard, and Antonio appeared, bearing in his band a hag and a letter. The hog contained <100 pistoles, and the letter war addressed to the artist, and prayed him te honour the senator with a visit "Take these coins and weigh them," said the unknown, as he threw the bag towards Giiuiettini. Antonio Barbarigo stood before bis beue factor pale and trembling with joy. " One favour more," he said. "Who are you V I "What dots it mailer 1" ( J "What does it matter, say you 5" cried iWrt?uw(!!Le.t... "M-uoli—■much tome. ( Tell it to the last moinentrSfffiy4iBi#»'lWUifour Men call me Michael Angelo. It is mj ,tnrn now," he said, " to ask yon a favour. It is to allow me to perpetuate oncanvas the beautiful features of Maria." The girl approached. She could not speak, but she clasped the painter's hand and raised it to her lips. A tear fell on it, and Michael Angela, as he drew her back, turned away to conceal his own emotions. Twenty years passed on and found Antonio, the once humble gondolier, the happy husband of Maria, mid general of the Venetian Republic. Vet bis brilliant posi tion never rendered him unmindful of liis early life, mid his heartfelt gratitude, as well as that of his wife accompanied .Michael Angela Buonarroltita the end of his days. As to tho crayon sketch of the miserV hand, it was taken from Italy by a soldier in Napoleon's Army, and placed in the Louvre. During the invasion of 1814 it was unfortun ately lost, and so far as can. be ascertained has never since been recovered. The story of its production, however, still lingers among the traditions of Venice. 