... ,. ? Scraps . ??:??..?,' '': Warned by a Dream Mr Stead, in _, hia' recent book of ghost narratives, quotes a story from which ' is full of the tragic .fascination whioh attaches tp'ithe'struggle of a brave man; repeatedly warned of his coming death, struggling in :vain to avert the event which, was to prove fatal, and ultimately perish ing within the sight of those to whom he had revealed the vision.'. . Tha; story in brief is as follows : — ' Mr JPleet was: thisd mate on the sailing ship Persian [Empire, whioh left Adelaide, for London in 1803. One of the crew, Cleary by name, dreamed before starting on Christmas morning, as the) Persian, Empire was passing Cape Horn in a heavy gale, he was ordered with the rest of his watth to secure a boat hanging in the davits. ov.er the side. Be an another got into the boat when- a fear ful sea broke over the ship, washing; them beth out; of the boat, into * tho sea, where they were both drowned, The dream made such an impression upon him that - he was naoBt reluctant .to join the ship, but he overcame hia icruplea ? and .sailed. - On Christmas eve, : when they were nearing Cape Horn, Cleary had a repetition of 'his dream, exact in all its particulars. He uttered a terrible cry, and. kept muttering, ' I know'it will.come true.' : On Christmas Day,- exactly aa-he had foreseen, Cleary and the rest of the watch- ware ordered to secure a boat hanging in the davits. Cleary flatly. refused.. He.caid he refused because he knew he would, be- drowned; that all the, circumstances of his dream ; had come; true i up' to .that ; moment, and if he . went. into that boat he w.puld die. He was taken below to the captain, and. his refusal, to' disckarge duty, waa entered in the log. Then ' the chief ? officer, ; Douglas, took tne. pen' to sign- his .name. ; deary . suddenly' looked at him and exclaimed,', 'I will go. to, my; duty, for now I know the; other mania, my:: dream.' He told Douglas, as they. ! went on-deck^of.his dream. They got into the 'boat; and when: they .were making .all tight »; heavy oea struck-} the .vessel witjhii such force that the crew would have been; washed;: overboard had -Jhey-.not. clung .to;, the mast. , The, boat was turned over, andl; ! Douglas and: Cleary were flung, into tlxa, eea. They swam for a little time, and then, went down. It was. iusfc three mon'th^ after he had dreamed or it before, led, vjoojt, Adelaide^ :'-;- ; '? : : u,-;,,.., \u:n ?(-. r'o'.f.Mo 