Gossipy Talk. Q. Any news this morning? A. You remind me of the Athenians of ancietjtdays, who always craved for fresh information. Isn't something new crop pitig itp every day ? There was even a new addition to the town the other day. 6\. Was that; the reason one of our painters was so happy last week? I thought he had some sort of a fortune left him. He has reason to forget life s small troubles now in that one great joy. Any other news ? . A. I suppose you saw that piece in the Scrutineer about the clever school-boy up there? ; Q. Up where? A. Why, in Moss Vale. Q. Is that where the Scrutineer s printed ? A. Of course it is-been there this last eighteen years. And you a resident>of Bowral and didn't know that! Verily sortie people'live in'great ignorance of their neighbours. . , i " 1 O. Is there a paper in Bowral f ; A." If you go on asking questions like that, . I will be compelled to hand you over to the: tender mercies of the Kentnore Luna tic Asylum, near Goulburn, which ? the Government are going to build soon. Yes, there is a paper in Bowral. It is called, the Bowral Free ;Press. Been established -nine years. It is printed twice a week,- and the subscrip tion is only two-and-six per quarter in advance, or one penny a copy over the counter. -If you got the paper, you would not live iu such lamentable ignorance of fhercomnionest facts. . , . V " Q. Never mind; tell us about the clever schoolboy. .A. O yes. The teacher asked the school-" Can you tell me the population of Moss Vale ?" " 626," said the first scholar. " Very good," said the teacher, " still not quite correct. Then the second scholar answered " .625." And the teacher said "That's right!" But the first scholar replied-"Why,. I knew that; but as we got a little sister yesterday, I thought-if would make one more." \- Q. Very: .good-hal ha I ha! Any more news ? . A. Mr. McCourt has been appointed assistant whip to Mr. Alfred Allen in the interests of the Freetrade party in the House. Q. Will it take two whips to keep Sir Henry in oidet i . . . .. T A. Sir Henry is waiting his time, I think. By and bye the Freetrade party ?will sweep all before it-win the House, carry the country, make Freetrade law again, give us cheaper food Q. Will they do that ? A. Of course, that's what Freetrade does. Q.. Then I hope the whips will do their duty, and give their party no rest until we get cheaper food. How does- Freetrade make food cheaper ? . A. By taking off the duties, and. letting things come in,fiee. : Q. Any more news ? A'. Yes, the Burrawang V2gilance.C0m mittee cannot be found. " _ . Q. All dead, poor fellows! . What will their wives do? : A. The paper simply says they cannot be found-therefore they must be lost. Whether they went inspecting the streets arid got swallowed up by the bogs, or whether the fogs consumed them, or whether the long-promised Local Gov ernment Bill has disheartened them, or Q. Isn't there better news than that ? A. The Rev. Father. Walsh has left Moss Vale for Milton, and the Rev. Father Grace has left Richmond for Moss Vale. Q. Who is the Bowral Catholic priest ? A. The Rev. D. A, Harnett. Q, How many churches are there in Bowral ? A. Seven. .Q. Seven churches in Bowral 1 The people ought to be good,, oughtn't they ? ;..~A. perhaps, they are good-some of them: You might-like to know wliat these churches are. There's the Church of England, the Wesleyans, the Primitives, the°Catholics, the Presbyterians, the Sal vationists, and the Combinations. Q. Whatever are you talking about ? A. I know what I am.saying. There may be more than £jiat according to the censu s, but that's ail the buildings where people congregate to hear preaching. Q; Who are the Combinations, and where do they hold forth ?. . A. They* are a body of earnest men and women who attract people every Sunday afternoon to Centennial Park, and there they preach. They belong to different religious bodies, but they sink tljeir dif ference s once a week. If you want to see our Park and wish to observe human nature, be at the park at 4 next Sunday afternoon. An ignorant 7 man like you TOight learn some good there. ? ' "Q."Thank you for the compliment ; but any- other news ? A. Mr. J. W. Mealing has sold his tfakery business at Mittagong to Mr, George Horton at Picton. Q. What of that? A. Simply that Mr. J. W. Mealing's father was aboiit the first baker In . Bow-., ral. His little shop was built just about on the site where the Free Press Office is now situated, and I remember nearly 30 years ago buying bread from him at yd. the 2lb. loaf-just double what it is now. At that time Mr. John Mealing used to supply Mittagong with bread; but things have changed- since then, for now Mr.-Mealing has a large cordial factory in Mittagong, and. supplies Bowral with cordials, and they are not bad either. . PHYSIOLOGY AND PHRENOWWY. ' ~.Q> ;Wetfe . . you at 'Mosea'a lecture- - on Monday night? "*A. Certainly, and took my family. We sftw.Moses'H ekc-leton. - Q. You dou't mean to say so 1 ;i, A. But I do. It was only his skeleton not himself. You needn't look so fright ened; they didn't kill him. It was .tbe skeleton of a'wo man, BO Moses said. They had travelled thousands of mile's, arid he had formed a great- attachment for her. Tbe akoletou was all joints,"" and ribs, and fingers, and toos. He likes her be cause she never scolds him. He opened her month pretty wide, but she had no tongue. Q. What rot I A. Ignorant people always talk like that. I believe Moses would show you the skele ton if yon asked him, although I don't be lieve you would be game to see it. Your hair is rising already. Then he showed ns some clever pictures relating to the brain, the ear, the eye, the nerves, the stomaoh, and the other organs situated between the ribs. He showed us the pioture of n healthy stomaoh, and then showed us how it be came diseased through drink. He also showed us how the different organs beoame affected through the different kinds of drink. I believe it almost made a man near me resolve not to touch drink any more. Q. What harm is thero in a glass ? A. No harm in a glass of water, I sup pose ; but Moses could tell you all about the harm of what you drink very often. He told us how it puts peach- blossoms on the noae, and causes cancors to grow in the stomach, and how poor fellows at last goto a pauper's grave. Ho spoke fov two hours, and told us lots of tilings, and then we didn't want to leave. Q. What did he say about Tom Goode, and Bert Hopson, and Alick Wylie, and that man at the quarry ? A. Well, ho measured their heads throe different ways, and then he toll them all he knew about them by feeling their bumps. He showed up some of tlieir little failings, but he uiade up for that.by telling them what good fellows they were, and pow miich bettor they might become. A3 to their heads he gave us the following figures St dart Thomas Albort Alexander Bell. Gaodo. Hopson Wylie. InchcB round tho hoad .. 21 21.} 21 22J Inohes across main sutures 14J 14$ 14 15J Inches from oar to cur .. 12J 12J Hi 14 The Eev. Moses said theso figures were important, but I dou't kuow why. Q. Dou't you know everything ? A. Not as mnoh as Moses. He says he can give 27 different leoturos. He. is a clever man, and he's not grey yet. I will tell you briefly what he said about each man: STUABT BELL.-Was brave and foarlees, and would make a good soldior; not afraid of ghosts. Was fond of a good meal. Had a quick temper, but it was Boon over; would go up liko a rocket, and come down like the stick. Was foud of the opponito Hex. Would make a good mcohanio. Likod to know the' why and" wherefore of everthing. Gould uot plan very well, but would stick at it till be made eomo thir.g of it. Toouas GOODE.-Had a diflloult hoad. Hair noither black nor white, and his hoad was neither round nor square. Ho was not always good. Was a better hand at telling other* what, to do than do it himself. Very hard to deoeive him. Could keep his tongue. Would make a iiuil.fui and contractor. He-would quite easily put a bad briuk in tho middle of the wall. He could buy tho other three. He would \- make plenty of money. ALiiEaT" HOPSON.-Something tO' be made of his head. Ho had a combination of bumps enough to make him conceited, and then he would- in time go to politioal moetings and ask questions that no one would be able to understand. Not very plucky.; liko Moses (the phrenologint) ho would sooner, run away. Would make a faithful husband ; would get up'in the morning and make his wife a oup of coffee. Possible to make him roligious. . Should be made a useful Christian, having large veneration; - Would make a successful* farmer and become a g >od hand at judging stock. A&EXANKEH; Wyijb.-Had a big hoad and a fine nose; but his body, was proportionate. His fair early hair indicated that he would nev.jr be hung with a rope. Was slaw, phlegmatic-like a draught horse. Whon I10 dia move, ho Would make- things go; bat be generally preferred taking things quietly. His predominating feature was hin great kindnens. Would not hurt anything, nor ouuld he nee others Buffer. His great big heart would go. out in sym pathy. Would make an awfully kiud husband, and if the baby cried at midnight he would jump oat of bed and nurse it, and would probably drop it in his solioitudo. Was a man of great courage. Difficult to make him angry, yet when made augry others had hotter get out of the way. Had large ideality loved poetry. Would make a business farming man, and in buying or selling would mako a good bar gain. Knew how to keep his money whon ho got it-except whon his heart was appealed to in a tender spot. AJman whom everybody; loved and had a kind word for. Will have a large funeral, and a white headstone will be erected to his memory. 