AMEBIOAN HUMMABY. I Hostility exists between the Poles and Hungarians in Cleveland so bitterly that the wells in the quarter of the city wheie they reside were found to poisoned lately. Imm'nso pressure is brought to bear on Congress for a revocation of the mining dfbrix law. This enactment has had tbe effect of stopping hydraulic mining for gold everywhere iu the State of California except in ti.e northern part of the counties, and has decrease in tho output of gold. It was passed in the interest of agriculture. The mistake of this is now so apparent that there is but little donbt the law will be repealed. The American Indians are now beginning to assert themselves. The other day one of the leading ohiefs of tbe Sioux sent a letter to Washington, arraigning the Government 1 for its treatment of his people, and demand- ; Ing justice. The chief's name is White Ghost, and the dooument rather startled tbe i Commissioner of Indian Affairs by tbe vigorous, logical, and even elegant language in which it was couched. White Ghost had discovered his Indians were being swindled by the local agent at the Beservation, and^hc made such a trenchant exposure of the whole affair that investigation must follow. | The Chicago World's Fair grounds were I visited on April 7 by a series of tornadoes, | which ripped and tore the fancy buildisgs 1 In course of ereotion, and scattered them on all sides. Several men were injured by the wrecks. There is great deprepsion in business in California and throughout the Pacific Ooast. Tbe Senate Oommittee oi Military Affairs have reported favorably upon the proposi tion to establish two additional military posts on the Canadian frontier as a precau tion in tho oase of war with Great Britain —one opposite Rouse's Point (Lake Oham plais), aud the other somewhere in Pnget S0Ui;0. A meeting of delegates from 203 labor organisations in New York was convened on April 29 to settle all past differences, and to the future. Tney have organised capital, and created the same condition of affairs that prevailed several years ago, when tbe labor movement was compact and at its best. The largest enterprise yet begun is the Arizona Canal reservoirs, in tbe Santa Orua Valley. The canal will be 70 miles long, aud , the width 30ft at the bottom. The work will reclaim 300,000 acres for agriculture, at a cost estimited at l,200,000doL, which is suppUed by English capital. Tbe police department of New York, from superiutendent to patrol, are now being arraigned before the grand jury of the county for levying from keepers of conoert halls, gambling salons, and houses of ill repute, blaokmall tbat annually amounts to 10,000,000dol. European Immigrants are arriving in New York on an average of 7000 per day. An end has been put to the murder of Jewish settlers in the Argentine by the lynching cf one of the assailants. An earthquake of ennsual violence oc curred in California about April 19. The -vibration wt-s from north to south, and lasted about 30eec. Tbe peninsula on whioh San Franclfco is located experienced a smart shake, but no damage resulted. Several towns in the interior were shattered, but no lives were lost C nsequcnt on tbe earth shock* oa the Pacific Coast, many volcanoes neir Lake fullelce and the Quit of Cali fornia became active. The country 20 miles around wasuiuminated. Aftei a sever . fight in tbe Senate, tho I Chinese Exclusion Bill was defeated by a big I majority. During the debate the Pacific I Coast, for special benefit of which the bill W&S; lmeaauu, was morciieSBiy lanu i-cu u/ some of the speakers. This action probably coat the Btpublican party the vote ol the Btatca. Meantime the present laws govern ing Ohinese immigration remain in force. The Panama Canal enterprise, according to lsthmain advices up to April 27, is threat ened with total oollapse, the Government having removed, as previously threatened, the chain across the channel entering the canal which tbe canal oompany had placed there to prevent traffio. The compauy have now chained the canal Itself. The oanal people having sold a portion of the maohinery in violation of the concessions made to them, the Government will probably annul the c jntraot. 