" Hamlet. " Air; Walter Bexitley's Success. \- The Opera House Last Night. The -first appearance of JUr. Walter Jiontley In Brisbane may fitly ho desoribed as having takonplacein ablaze of triumph. Boforo the per- ' formanoe the lively pieromg strains of the shrill bagpipes heralded the coming of one of Scotia's \- eons. When Mr. Bentley stepped upon the Btage he was greeted with the cordial plaudits of a brilliant and critical audionoo, wliioh literally crowded the Opera -House from floor to ceiling. At tbe aloso of the first aot ho met with a great ovation, later he had showered upon him beautiful bouquets of flowers, and throughout \- tho evening the applause was renewed again and again until the final fall of. the curtain, when ho was onco moro sum moned to tho front - to receive another round of genuine applause. Several- causes tended to bring this about. The famb of Mr. Bentley's suooess in Melbourne, Sydney, Now \- Zetdnnd, and Newcastle had preceded him ; tho opinions of numerous competent critics in the south had been in his favour ; a cry had gone forth from tho Scottish Association that a countryman was to he greeted; and the faot . that " Hamlet " had not been played in Bris bane for some time ; and, moreover, the exceedingly diplomatic and judicious advance work which had been dono by Mr. Charles Bradley. All theso wore faotors in the bringing together of tho immense audience — certainly the most numerous at any performance of " Hamlet " in this city, and one qf tho largest yet seen inside the Opera House ; an audience which inoluded, besides very many of Mr. Bentley's countrymen, not a few of the men of light- and leading in the colony . Of tho production itself, it may bo said at tho outsot it was without exception the most interesting representation of Shakespeare'b greatest of plays it has been the lot of the writer to witness in Australia. Tho pruning knife has been freely used — many beauties have been ruthlessly excluded — but Mr. Bentloy has aucooeded in so piecing together five acts elected from the original play, that whilst the continuity of the story is not destroyed, tho interest is intensified. There is nothing prosy or dull about the version presented at the Opera 'House — savo only where tho aotora or actresses failed to realise the ideal. Far away above all . other- characters towered tho impersonation of the Prince of Denmark. Mr. Bentley is no "mplanoholy Dane" of the orthodox order ; he . is on intelligent being who has sot before him a . task, and who spares none, not even himself, to accomplish it. From , the initial entranoo the gracefulness of the aotor is recognised, and throughout his movements are free from the time-honoured stalking of the old sehool tragedian or the jerky strutting of the modem imitators of a vory great aotor.' Then, tbo, his faoial expression is remarkablo. Mr. Bentley's mobile countenance lends itself to this. Hamlet's inmost thoughts and his varying emotions are ropiotured as in a mirror. This may destroy much of tho mystery ' with which some tragedians delight to invest the part, but Mr. Bentley secures the advan tage, and it was in that way he, throughout, retained the 'attention of the audionoo. In a mcasuro they had been taken into Hamlet's confidence, and thus, for example, had been able to.olcarly recognise the simmafion of mad ness. Tho " outs" which Mr. Bentley has made xnthe.play, have— as already stated — robbed it of some of its beauties — but then tbo play of Hamlet is full of familiar and beautiful pas sages, and if continuity is to be preserved, if interest in the central figure is to be retained, if dramatic requirements are to be satisfied, and, and'' above all, if the performance is to be bronghtwithin reasonable limits, many"cutis" must bo made. Those in the audience who had only seen "Hamlet" in Brisbane and whose -experience was limited to Mr. - W. J. HoUoway, Mr. G. O. Miln, and Mr. -Charles Werner heard muoh that was ' new in . emphasis , and reading. Mr. Miln's "Hamlet" claimed- to he a scholarly. personation', and "whilst he followed the loud voiced, robu&tious; style in. much, Ro made some wild. departures into paths where, many deolined to follow. Mr. Warner played' the part onco only in Brisbane. - He repre sented ' the prince as a very melauolioly being, . Jfull of mystery, and in some respeots very monotonous. Mr.' Bentley, as' already shown, rejects both theso -sets of short comings. Many of hie new readings— whioh bear a likonoss to, though they are not a slavish copy of Irying— commend themselves. In his advice to the players he did not "tear a passion to tetters, to very rags," but regard ing the players as his friends, spoke to them in a familiar way. True,' he may liaye loBt some thing in dignity, but. he gained in effect and intelligibility. The famous spoeoh boginning "To-be, or not to be"," was delivered very finely, and with rare intelligence, but singular to relate it was not followed by even the faintest applause. The manner in wbioh this spoeoh was introduced was new, but it .was ingenious. . The second not closes with the words I'll have grounds . More relative tlian this: tne play's the thing Wherein I'll catch tlio conscience of the Idng. Mr. Bentley having uttered these Words crossed to a table as if to write the speeoh whioh he had promised the.player he would " set down and insert" for him. With the aot of writing tho curtain fell on a most effootive pioture. The noxt aot opens on Hamlet patting the finishing touches to the new speech, and then rising from' the table he thinks rathor than spoalcs ' the suioide soliloquy "To be or not to . be.", Mr. Bentley's scones with tho ghost in Aot I. were impressive, but it wa3 hero that his accent — for ho lies . tho faintest \- . Scottish accent — was rather more pronounced. Later it was lost or unobservable in the . ' rash of words aud tho marvellous interest aroused; In tbe play scene he rose to a' great height of excellence. As the playor poured .poison- in tho player-king's ear, and uttered the lines" beginning Thoughts blaok, .hands >pt, drugs fit, aud time . agreeing; Hainlot, eyes intent on- tho king, reached for- , ward repeating word for word after the player with' terrible earnestness, und as ' the. king rushed out calling \- Lights, Slights, lights, the ourtain fell amidst great exoitomenfc, .and a storm of applause. By this ending the conver sation about playing oh the pipe 'and tho. old . ;familiai; soliloquy begining "'Ms now the very wltohtng time of night." were emitted, but the denouement was. better attained.' The olosot scenewitb the Queen was 'another, point of special excellence, and Mr. Bentloy's face on the entrance of the ghost was a sight to see— not to de scribe. "The fenoing bout with Laertes at the oloso of the play wus something more than a mere rattlo of steel. In this Mr. Bentley has wisely followed the example of Mr. Irving, who insisted upon swordsmanship of the host. The interest was thus maintained, aud lust night the aotor hold his audionoo by his dramatic finale to tho very fall of the curtain. Mr. Bentley's was essentially an intelligent, a ; graceful, a forceful, aud un undeniably popular impersonation. Of tho company — so much overshadowed by Mr. Bentley — littlo need bo said. Miss Laura Hansen as Ophelia did not impress tho audionoo in her opening scones. She lacked' natural ness and her voico tones seemed to bo dofieiont in sympathy. In tbo mad seono she compen sated for all disappointment. Here her noting was .of the highest class, and as sho uttered tlio ' babbling nonsense of tlio domontcd girl and distributed lira- flowers, tho audience sat as in a spell, only to bo broken when slio foil across the supposod gravo of her fathor. Then the applause was prolonged und vory pronounced. Tliatoxcellentcomedian,Mr.W. F. Clitliorow, ;. was moro than ordinarily successful as tho Gravediggcr, and Mr. Laohlan M'Gowan was . . ' a satisfactory Folonius. Mr. H. Roberts as , LaerteB, and Mr. H. Hill, as Horatio, were above the commonplace. The lines for the. GhoBt wcro spoken in sopulchrnl, \- mono tones by an uotor of the i . 'old -'school, Mr. William South. Tho > ; lines of Osrio were woll spoken by Miss , Graco Hamilton, but her costumodid not roalise the fop. Mr. Holman's King waB faulty : throughout. Miss Fitzsimon, ue tho Queen, was evidently a novico, but sho gave soino promiso. ."Hamlet"" will bo . repeated to night only. 