FOUND GUILTY, oh Ralph Chandos' Fate. A Stirring Tale of the Early Days of Botany Bay. Founded on Fact. CHAPTER II. a witness. The night fell in strange, pale gloom upon Strathmore Park. The snow fell silently and steadily in a white sheet, driving into corners and against palings, and covering the earth with a ghostly shroud. Directly after dinner Ralph Chandos mounted his horse and rode over to Pelham World to see his betrothed and to exchange with her vows of eternal fidelity. The interview between the lovers had been cut short by Mr Pelham, who, well as he liked the young man, considered him, wit& his -present prospects, not altogether an- "eligible snitor for the beautiful young heiress! >:The banker proposed an abso lute dissolution, of the engagement exist ing "between , the young pair, on the ground, that Lord Strathmore might liveG years' yet, and that he, Mr Pelham, would not give his daughter to any man jivhio must live upon her money. Milss Pelha.u retired to her room, pro mising to wait for her lover a lifetime, if need be, and he, setting his lips together in a stern self-repression, departed, galloping his horse back to the Park. Those who saw him enter the great hall of his ancestral home on his return, his coat white with snow, his young face pallid, despairing, desperate, his steel- blue eyes burning like coals, shook their heads gravely, and wondered what had happened to their beloved young master He dashed np the stairs like a whirl wind, passing Norman Brabazon on one of the broad landings without speaking, and rushed into his own chamber, slam ming the door behind him. Brabazon smiled evilly, and continued his descent. A few paces below he came upon Morse, one of the footmen, who was staring in the direction in which young Chandos had vanished, surprise depicted upon his every feature. Brabazon shrugged his shoulders. " There's some trouble afloat," he re marked, smoothly. " Mr Ralph is in a perfect gale of temper. He looked as if he were bent on some desperate deed." " He do indeed, sir," replied Morse. " I never saw the young master look like that before. He is in some trouble sure." Brabazon passed on, and Morse gossiped with his fellows, all of whom by this time were well aware that " Mr Ralph " was to leave Strathmore in the morning, that he had fallen into some disgrace with his uncle, and that his marriage with Miss Pelham had been broken off. A word or two from Brabazon at an earlier hour of the evening had caused a dissemination of a knowledge of the true state of affairs between Lord Strathmore and his heir. As Balph Chandos, who was as brave as a lion and generous as the sun, was a great favorite in the household, a general sympathy prevailed on his behalf. Brabazon spent the evening with the baron in the library. At 10 o'clock he gave his arm to his lordship and helped him upstairs to his own apartment, ex- hibitingMv soliatfcade -that kuposed upon tire servants and ppott? its object, i He helped his unde -into his bedroom, a great lofty room furnished with , the utmost luxury, and ensgonced him1 in an armchair before the bright? hearth. Lord -Strathmore's'yalet was in wait ing, and Brabazon did not linger. He made, however, a brief allusion to Chandos, and the baron replied to it by enrsing his younger nephew, and swear ing a great oath, that Chandos should be cast forth in the morning, and if his allowance did not content him he should earn his own living. The valet pricked np his ears at this, and Brabazon muttered something about the young man being in a desperate mood, and then withdrew. Lord Strathmore was undressed and put to bed. During the process he ventilated his grief to his attendant, and indulged in invectives against " that murderous young dog," declaring that he should not feel safe till he was out of the house. At eleven o'clock, the baron was asleep, and the valet, his duties for the night ever, departed to his own quarters in a distant portion of the mansion. The great stable clock had struck the hour of one. The snow was still falling softly, ceaselessly, and in a white pall. The pale gloom outside was full of chill and -desolation. Within the splendid mansion, the lights were nearly all ex tinguished. The hush and gloom were oppressive. Soon-after the sullen clanging of the clock, with its single booming stroke, Norman Brabazon crept from his room. A;light burned dimly in the lower hall, and in its feeble emanation one might have seen how ghastly pale he was. His small- black eyes gleamed with a mur derous light. His lips were set together in a tense, hard line. He was nerved to an appalling deed, and looked like in- carnate murder. He crept through the dimness and stillness of the long hall with the stealthiness of a cat. He had removed his shoes, and his feet were muffled in thick stockings. His garments were black. He paused at the door of Lord Chandos's room and listened. The sound of regular breathing came to hie eara. He opened the door softly and looked in. The young man was dn bed and asleep. His portmanteau.; stood near the door, packed for his departure in the morning, as could be seen by the pale glow of the firelight. Brabazon's features quivered with demoniac exultation and hatred. He crept nearer the bed and glowered upon his young rival. How noble and Jiand- some was Chandos even in --Seep ! Brabazon shook his fist at him in a de&dly;, silent fury, and crept away as he come, with a cat-like stealth. Again in the great, dim upper hall, he;mbv£d onward liken shadbjy.$S\Lord Stwfchteore'fi room., He its dol|Sjiii£ peeredy one m. He j opened the door, of his uncle's chamber and crept within. The sea-coal fire was still burning, and its glow made visible the various articles of furniture, including the bed. Brabazon's keen eye swept the chamber. Keen as it was, it failed to note the quiver of the plate-glass window forming the door of an armoire or wardrobe in a recess near at hand. The valet was gone. All was safe. He stole to the bedside. The old lord was sleeping. A ray of firelight rendered plainly visible his shape, high features, grey hair, his bared and 6kinuy throat. It was a noble face that of the Baron of Strathmore, but even in his sleep one could trace upon his visage signs of the ruling passions of Ins life — parsimony, selfishness, and cruelty. The Lord of Strathmore had always disliked Chandos, principally because Chandos must inherit the title and estates of Strathmore after him. The young man was generous, and he esteemed generosity a heinous fault. The young man was loved by household and tenantry, and he knew himself dis liked, and this embittered him. There was a dozen reasons equally unreason able why he hated his younger nephew ; _bnt Brabazon was a man after his own heart, and as mnch as his warped and selfish soul could love any . one, he loved Norman Brabazon. It had always been a matter of regret to him that Brabazon could not have come next in succession. His elder nephew had many of his faults, and these he esteemed virtues. He had always been kind to Brabazon, had given him au annual allowance of "money double that assigned his heir- apparent, had pushed his fortunes with zeal, and had assisted him to become what he now" was, & brilliant if un scrupulous politician, and a candidate for a most important foreign appoint ment. One would have thought that Brabazon could not in cold blood destroy a life which had so benefitted him — that he could not have stilled for ever a heart that had cherished for him an actual, even if narrow, affection. But the tiger creeping on its prey from the shelter of the jangle might have had more compunction of conscience than Norman Brabazon. The deadly cobra, with its glittering eye fixed upon a coveted morsel, might sooner have felt itself relenting in its purpose than this human serpent ! He bent over his sleeping relative, and every plausible feature of his swarthy face stiffened and hardened into the semblance of a mast. The baron moved uneasily in his sleep nnder that hasilisk gaze. The intruder waited in the shelter of the bed- drapery, patient as a red Indian, nntil his load breathing was resumed. Then Brabazon drew from within his coat a dirk knife, a possession of Ralph Chandos, which had been given the latter by a chum at Oxford, and which he had preserved in his writing desk as a memorial. The knife flashed in the firelight as he upraised it. Again the plate-glass mirror forming the door of the armoir quivered, and a pair of eyes stared oat upon the strange seene. There was a moment's pause on the part of Brabazon, a last look at the hard features of his kinsman, a brief study of the baron's figure, and then the deadly knife flashed in the air, and was driven swiftly home to the very hilt into Lord Strathmore's heart. Not a sigh, not a quiver disturbed the baron's frame. As Brabazon drew forth the knife, the life-blood welled np in a great jet, staining his guilty hand and the sleeve of his shirt — a garment he had taken from the wardrobe of Chandos at an earlier period of the evening. - Lord Strathmore was dead, yet his murderer stabbed him again and again to make assurance donbly snre. And the eyes of the nnseen witness lost not one movement of the murderer. " He's dead," muttered Brabazon at last, with a long breath, upraising bis head and listening. " Not an outcry ! Not a sound ! Everyone is asleep !" Hiding the blood-reeking weapon in the folds of his shirt, he crept across the floor, opened the door, listened, and stole into the hall. He paused at the very threshold of Lord Strathmore's room, bis blood seeming to turn into ice in his veins. For, coming up the stair without a light, but plainly recognisable in the dimness by reason of his ample pr ipor- tions, was Miller, the butler. He paused on the topmost stair, see ing Bratazon at Lord Strathmore's door. The villain remained for an instant, stupefied ; then his ready wit came to his aid. He glided along the hall with out a word, opened the door of Chandos's ; apartment, passed within, and shot the bolt into the lock. The ruse served its purpose. " So it was Mr Ralph !"' muttered the butler. " What was he doing at this hoar in my lord's chamber 7 He acted strange, too, as if something was wrong !" He hesitated, not knowing whether it might not be his duty to look into the baron's room, but a remembrance of his lordship's temper, and a reflection that Mr Ralph might have visited his uncle with a view to reconciliation and re mained late, decided him to mind his own business, which he did, going to his own quarters. Meanwhile Brabazon pioceeded to weave still closer the deadly net of evi dence about his younger cousin — the net of which he intended should drag him to his doom 3 The fire was low in the grate. Chandos was fast asleep, his sorrows forgotten in the profound slumber that comes to the young and healthy. The intruder's movements were noiseless. Taking the reeking dagger from its concealment on his person, he thrnst it up the warm chimney into a crevice between two bricks, its handle alone protruding, and that quite out of reach of even keen search. Then he removed his blood-stained shirt and laid it on the fire. It flamed up in a quick blaze. Watching it closely, with a dexterous movement he extracted from the flames one blood-stained cuff, dropping it into the ashes under the grate. Then he glided into the dressing - room and washed his hands in a basin of water upon the toilet-table, smiling with a demoniac triumph as he did so. He had been so noiseless that the sleeper had not stirred. His evil work was done. All that remained was to get to his own room unseen. He unlocked the deor and peered into the hall. The butler had vanished. Brabazon stole along the hall, gained his own door, and entered his apartment. His first care was to light the candle he had extinguished and to examine his remaining garment and his person. Not a drop of blood was visible upon him. Not a sign or token of his awful crime was anywhere to be seeu. His lips writhed into a wicked and exultant smile, and he dropped into an easy- chair before his bright hearth, and rubbed his guilty hands together in the warm blaze. He had achieved his guilty success. All that he had longed for and striven to attain was almost in his grasp. He suddenly remembered that he had forgotten to lock his door and to ex tinguish his lights. He arose, blew out the candles and advanced towards the door. At the same moment it opened, softly and noiselessly, and a man crept into his presence. Brabazon stared at him as if he had been a gorgon, and looked as if turned to stone. The vidian's sickly pallor, his starting eyes, his wild visage, attested his horror and terror. The man was no servant of the honse. Brabazon reeled back against a table as he recognised him. He was Thoma3 Growl, the son of the former pedagogue of the village, a man naturally shrewd and keen-witted, who had received an ordinary education, bnt who had in his boyhood thrown off the shackles of parental control, and indulged in dissi pation and idleness. For the last year or two Crawl had been in London living by his wits, bat had recently returned home npan a visit to his aged father. He had a bold, bad, reckless face, but no one had ever snspected him of readi ness to commit a crime. What had brought him here within the walls of Strathmore mansion at this hoar ? Brabazon tried to ask the question, bnt his stiff lips refused to articulate. Thomas Growl sidled up to him, and laid one hand npon his arm. " I saw it all !" he hissed. Brabazon pnt his hand to his heart and dropped into the nearest chair. " I was hid in the old man's ward robe," said Crowl. " I was a witness of the murder !" Brabazon sprang np as if electrified, and made for the bell-rope, with a wild idea of denouncing his visitor as the murderer, thus sacrificing his nefarious schemes, bnt protecting himself. Again Crowl laid a fierce grip upon him, reading his purpose. " Hold !" he whispered, hotly. " Two can play at that game. Don't be too fast. I can be bonght !" Brabazon faced abont, beginning to recover from his awful terror. " What were yon doing in the ward robe ?" he asked, huskily. " I don't mind telling yon, since yon won't be likely to betray me," returned Crowl. " I was hard np, and I'm thinking of marrying. I know, what everybody knows. Lord Strathmore is miserly and keeps money in the house. I crept in at dusk and found my way to his room and hid there for hours , think ing I'd creep ont in the dead of night and rob his safe, that everybody knows he keeps in his bedroom. I was hid there all the evening. After my lord went to sleep he seemed restless for a j while and I kept mum. When he had j fallen into a sound sleep I crept ont and began an examination of his room i and effectB. I was at that when I thought I heard a sonnd in the hall. I had only time to slip into the wardrobe when you came in." " So you were there for purposes of robbery ?" said Brabazon, with a sneer. " And yon were there for murder !" replied CrowL, coolly. " I left my pur pose unaccomplished, fearing any plun der I might get would hang me. You most make up my loss. I can't Bee all yonr little game, Mr Brabazon, bnt you expect to make money ont of this night's work, and yon shall share it with me !" " I will— I will !" " That's enough. Ton won't break your promise, I'll go bail. I'll remind yon of it later. As yon are to be my banker hereafter, yon may give me twenty pounds to- night " Brabazon procured his pocket-book and counted out the amonntrhamed, his hands shaking as he did so. " Give me the pocketebook and all. We won't stick at trifles. I'll get out the same way as I came in," said Crowl, pocketing the money, " and not leave a trace of my presence, you may be snre. You'd better get to bed, my friend, if von intend to show up natural in the morning !" He did not linger for further con versation, having a proper regard for his own safety. He slipped from the room, traversed the great hall like a ghost, and entered a guest-chamber which opened npon a balcony. He let himself out npon this balcony, closed his way of egress, and clambered to the ground by means of the great ivy that nearly covered that side of the "build ing. He stood in the midst of the thickly- falling' snow, breathless, when a hand was laid snddenly upon his arm, and a figure was outlined close beside hinrin the pale gloom. A woman's low, mocking laugh re stored him to his senses. " Is it yon, Meg 7" he asked, agrily. " It is I, Thomas Crowl," was the answer. " I saw you enter this house like a thief hours ago, and I've been watching for you ever since You look scared, Tom. just as if you had been committing murder 3 You ve been up to some mischief, that I know ! " 'St !" whispered Crowl. " Come away, Meg." He seized her arm and hurried her away into the whirling 'mist of snow that blotted out their tracks even as they went. In his lonely, luxurious chamber of the grand old mansion, the master of Strathmore Park lay stark and ghastly, his pinched face upturned to the pale firelight, his heart stilled forever 1 Out into the wild, white night his soul had / flown at the wicked will of a murderer, but bis body lay here, a silent horror, rigid and white as the falling snow. In his own bed, asleep in the pro found slumber of youth and health, was Ralph Chandos, in blest unconscious ness of the awful fate lowering darkly above him. And in his apartment, in his bed also, Norman Brabazon lay broad awake, meditating upon the peculiar contretemps that had marred the full perfection of his plans, yet exulting in the net he had bo skilfully woven. " It is all right," he muttered. " Crowl would never dare betray his presence in thi3 house to-night, and so disgrace his father and stamp himself as a common burglar and robber. He would not dare, for I would fix the crime on him. But money has bought him, body and soul ! Sleep, Ralph Chandos ! For this is your last night of peace and hope on earth ! To-morrow will see you in a felon's cell, abandoned by all whom you have called friends, stripped of position, honor, love ! And I — I shall be Baron Strathmore !" CHAPTER III. the arrest, When morning dawned upon Strath more Park, the pale grey beams of light fell upon a strange white world. The terraces and gardens, the parks, and the wide avenues were covered with a shrond of glittering purity, from the midst of which rose the stately palace of Strathmore, with all its grandeur and magnificence, covering the horror of that upper chamber. The snow had ceased falling. The sun shone with sickly yellow beams. The park laborers and gardeners fell to work at clearing away the parks and porches, an unwonted labor, for so heavy a tall of snow had not been known in Sussex in twenty years. The servants were astir at an early honr, for the Lord of Strathmore, like most elderly people, had been an early riser, and he was a martinet in house hold discipline. The kitchens were alive with bustle, when Dean, Lord Strath more's valet made his appearance. He was an honest fellow, of middle; age, who had been reared upon the" estate, and who was devoted to the family inte rests. It was his earliest morning duty to procure a can of hot water to temper his master's invariable bath, and he pro ceeded to fulfil that duty now. He stopped to joke a moment with one of the maids, and then with the can of hot water hastened apstairs. He opened his master's door. No qaeraloas voice greeted him as usual from the curtained bed. He set down his can by the hearth, drew the drapery aside at the windows, and stirred the still lingering embers of the fire, put ting on fresh fuel. Then he approached the bedside and gazed in through the ! parted enrtains. The sight that met his gaze held him for a moment spellbonnd. The ghastly face on the pillow, with the eyes still closed as they had been in sleep, the pinched features rigid in death, and the sunken breast with its gaping wound and awful stain of life- blood, presented a vision that seemed to sear the eyeballs of the gazer. The next minute he pulled the bell frantically, and sprang to the door, fill ing the hall with his cries. The servants came trooping to the scene. Ralph Chandos, springing from his bed, and throwing on hastily only the most . necessary garments, ran into the hall, and almost at the same instant Norman Brabazon, dishevelled and scantily arrayed, made his appearance. " What is ' the matter. Dean ?" cried Chandos, all alarm. " Has my uncle a fit 7" Dean wrung his hands wildly. " He's dead ! My lord is dead !" he 3hrieked. " He's been murdered !" The butler, who had reached the very ; threshold of the baron's chamber, re coiled swiftly, and fixed a horrified gaze npon Chandos. " Murdered ! ' repeated our hero, not noticing that strange regard, " Impos sible 3 Let me pass, Dean 3 My uncle may be dead — but murdered 7 IS otnat is incredible 3" Dean retreated into his master's room. Chandos, Brabazon, and the servants followed. A wild scene of confusion and terror ensned. It was found that the body of the murdered man . was quite cold ; he had been dead for hours. And after that first glance at the blood upon the bed, and at the hideous wound in the baron's breast, it was noticed that young Chandos was silent, as if stunned, looking dazed by the shock he had- received. It> was noticed, too, by the inquisitive servants that Brabazon : looked at his cousin askance and as in horror of him, and they, too, drew away, and interpreted his shocked silence to his hurt. " Ralph," cried his treacherous cousin, sharply. " are you going to do nothing 7 Oh, my poor uncle ! Who could have been so wicked as to murder you 7" and he put, bis handkefchieTTcThis eyes. " What should I do 7" asked Chandos, still bewildered by the horror that had come upon him. " Send for the physician, for the police, for the coroner 3" cried Brabazon. " The murderer must be discovered 3 Let no one but the messengers leave the house, Millis," and he turned to the butler ; " send messengers at once, and do not let my uncle's body be touched by anyone. It must not be disturbed until the coroner comes 3" Millis bowed assent and directed three of the grooms to mount the best horses in the stable and proceed to Lewes, and summon to the scene of the tragedy the family physician, the coroner and the police. The men hurried away upon their errand. "And now," said Brabazon; taking direction of affaire,'- " le& all leave ;the room, and let a watch be set at the door to prevent ' intrusion. Let the windows and ddora throughout the house remain as they are, so that the manner of the murderer's escape may easily be dis covered. His air of authority compelled ready obedience. Millis seconded his orders, driving his subordinates froqj the room. Ralph Chandos stood at;tbe; bedside and looked long and earnestly7' upon! the' facc of the murdered man. His uncle . . i v.; " 1 : t|bp had never shown him affection, but he had been kind to him, had brought him up, his parents having died years before, had given him every , advantage of culture and education, and Chandos had felt for him a grateful regard, even if he had not actually loved him. It was impossible to look upon him lying thus, without being shocked, and without a sense of profound pity and sorrow, bat Millis noticed that be shed no tears and betrayed no strong emotion, except that his features grew stern and white. Brabazon, with a glance at his consin, moved towards the door. The butler approached Chandos. " If you please, Mr Ralph," he said — " I beg pardon, my lord — but if your lordship has any orders to give — " Chandos started at the title by which he was addressed. It scarcely yet dawned npon him that he was now Lord Strathmore. "I have no orders to give, Millis," he said hoarsely. " Do as Mr Brabazon has directed. I suppose some effort ought to be made to discover the mur derer, but we can wait for that until the police arrive." He followed Brabazon from the room. Millis closed the door and set a guard before it. Shocked and almost stnnned at the suddeness of the awful calamity that had overtaken his uncle, Chandos retired . to his own chamber, and Bra bazon also secluded himself. The servants gossiped together, whis pering darkly their suspicion in regard to the commission of the crime. Ralph Chandos had been dearly loved by them all, and none knew better than they, his nobility of soul, his fine sense of honor, his generosity and unselfishness, yet, had he not quarrelled with his uncle upon the, .previous day 7 Had he not been ordered to leave Strathmore Park upon this irery morning 7 Had not his uncle defeated his dearest hopes for the future 7 And had he not, in a single night, and hyLiiliW<very<. death, leaped- frqm the position of dependent upon a churlish old man to.'the rpoasesBioh of one of 'the noblest titles and richest estates of England 7 Had he-aot powerful-motives - for his ancle's murder 7 The men. in spite of their love vfar Ralph Chandos, shook their heads sorrowfully and went (To be Continued.) 