A Sister's Dream. The following thrilling sailor's yarn is taken from "Real Ghost Stories," by W. T. Stead. The narrator is a young apprentice. He says : A great gust of wind seized the half-slackened maintop sail, and sent it fluttering into fragments, At the sanie moment the ship reeled nearly on her beam ends, and, above the howling of the gale, we - heard a sudden cry of despair. I was horrified to see an apprentice, J-P--, sent whirling head long from the masthead into the sea. Even yet I can see the look of agony stamped on his upturned face, and I can hear the very tones of his heart- rending cry, " Oh I Lucy, Lucy," as he disappeared for ever in the darkness below. After the storm abated, the captain made a care- ful note of the exact time of the occurrence, the position of the ship, and the other particulars. He seemed struck at my mention of the exclamation I had overhead falling from the poor fellow's lips as he clutched in vain at the yielding air. " Ah," he said, " that must have been his sister, Lucy V-, to whom he was greatly attached." . The rest of the voyage passed without incident, , and as soon as the ship arrived at Liverpool I made "* my way to the train which was to take me to Manchester. I was walking idly along the platform when I saw the face of an old gentleman, who, with a young lady on* his arm, was elbowing his way through, the crowd. His resemblance to our* lost mate was so striking that I stood and looked at him. The young lady's eyes happened suddenly to meet mine. Instantly -'Bhe gave a violent start, uttered a lew scream, and exclaiming, "Oh, look, there's the face of my dream !" stared at me as if fascinated. Her companion gently rallied her, and half led, half carried her, to the nearest waiting- room. As he passed he begged me to come with them and handed me his card. When we were alone the old gentleman explained that the sight of my face had reminded his daughter of a very peculiar and unpleasant drea«n, to which she still persisted in attaching importance. He said, " At the present moment, indeed, we ate on our way to discover if the owners of my son's ship have received any news of its arrival." I said, " I am on apprentice of the C--, and have but lately left her lying in the harbour." "Then," the young lady cried, "I must be right. It must be true. 'Twas that man's face I saw gazing at him as he fell. I saw Joe's ship i« the midst of a fearful storm, and him clinging to the slippery shrouds. A bright flash seemed to \ pass before my eyes, and I saw him falling back- * wards into the sea. I saw your face in the momentary gleam, and I woke perfectly terrified to hear the sound of my own name-' O Lucy ! Luoy 1' -whispered in my ears. The expression of my face must have conveyed but too well the meaning of my silence. "My God," cried Mr.-, "is it true then? fe he dead ?" I stammered-"Too true, sir. Yes ! every word of it ! I was beside him at the moment, and even tried to save him," On comparing notes, we found that the dream took place the very day, and allowing for the difference in longitude, even the very hour when the accident occurred. 