THIS HUJVfOTJEIST, Fledgely : 'As it is all over with us, I wish you would return me the ring and watch I gave you.' Alice ; ' I cannot give them to you until after Lent.' Fledgely : ' But I insist upon them now.' Alice: ' You know, Mr. Fledgely, that I cannot indulge in any pleasure during tliis season.' A minister was recently visiting on old woman in his parish. On the centre of the table in the room in which they sat was a large, thick family Bible. The minister happened to say, ' That's a very big Bible you've got, Mrs. Brown.' ' An' nae wonner it's big, sir,' was the reply ; 'it's got an apothecary in the inside o't.' Visitor (to mine host) : ' You seem to have the blues.' Host: 'Yes, and I've got good reason for it. You know the oldruin on the hill back of the hotel is haunted, and lots of tourists put up here at this hotel just to see the ghost. Now, what does the blankety blank spectre do but strike me for an increase of wages — the low-lived whelp — and I'm already giving more than he could earn anywhere else.' An old American Army officer had a fouryear old boy who never tired of war stories. 'The following story is a little rough on me,' said the officer to a friend ; 'but, if you know a child, you know that he wants a plentiful sprinkling of * I's,' and nothing told in the third person. So I kept on as he demanded, till one day he looked up into my face and said, ' Father, couldn't you get any one to help you to put down the rebellion ?' ' ' Mither,' whined little Sandy Wilson, the other day, as he ran into the house in Largs, crying vociferously, 'oor Jack hit me on the leg wi' a muckle stone.' ' I'll gie him a guid lickin' when I get mo haun's on him,' replied his mother, ab stractedly, as she looked up from the washing-tub at which she was working. ' No, mither, dinna lick him,' exclaimed the urchin, earnestly. ' Jist cry him into the hoose the noo, an' dinna let him oot again to play. I gied him a guid lichin' afore I . he threw the stone at me.' [ An Englishman visiting Lake Tahoe asked a native if there was good fishing in the lake. 'Oh ! yes, stranger.' ' What kind of fish do you catch here?' 'Oh! all kinds, stranger.' 'What did the largest fish you ever caught weigh ?' ' Waal, stranger, we don't take weighing machines when we goes fishing, and I am an honest man and wouldn't like to say how much that last trout I caught would weigh. But I tell you, stranger, that when I pulled that fish out of the water the lake went down a foot.' An Illinoisan, while travelling through Florida, came upon a very sickly looking patch of corn, which a boy of 16 years was lazily hoeing. ' Boy,' he called, 'it seems to me your cornis rather small, isn't it?' The boy looked at him for a moment'' and then replied, 'Yes, mister; pop planted the email kind.' 'Oh, is that so? But it's rather yellow, isn't it?' 'It is, mister,' said the boy; ' pop planted the yellow kind.' 'Well,' said the Northerner, rather testily, as someone tittered, ' it's evident that you won't get more than half a crop.' ' You're right, mister,' drawled the boy, ' just half a crop. Pop planted it on shares.' Every right- minded woman resents any reflec tions on her bonnet. Here is an illustration in a story from open-car time: A director of ahorse railroad line was riding on the car when a woman near him was robbed of her bonnet by a gust of wind. Off jumped the woman after her bonnet without waiting for the car to stop, while the director ^ sat helpless and angry with visions of a suit for injuries from the relatives of the bareheaded woman dancing through his own head. But back she came unhurt with the rescued bonnet on her head, and got upon the car, which had now stopped .for her. ' That's right,' said the director. ' That's right ; risk your life, for a two-dollar bonnet ! ' The woman's eyes flashed fire, and the retorted sharply, ''Tain't a two-dollar bonnet ; it's a seven-dollar bonnet ! ' A sleepy-looking individual walked into the Lafayette bar recently and requested a group of young men, who were imbibing, to purchase him a drink. One of the group said he would buy him six if the tramp would allow himself to be hypno tised. As the young.man uttered the last word the tramp uttered a cry of despair and started for the door. He ran down Sansom-street until he had to stop to regain his breath. One of the group fol lowed, and, catching up to the vagrant, asked, ' ' What is the matter ? It wouldn't hurt you to be hypnotised.' 'Hypnotised, is it? No, sir! I read in yesterday's paper about a hard drinker out west whose wife got him hypnotised to cure him of getting drunk. The hypnotiser actually made it impossible for a drop of liquor to be swallowed ; the palate wonldn't allow it to pass, and ejected it. Young man,' he continued solemnly, ' before I'd consent to be hypnotised I'd go to work for my living.' A thrifty, bustling dame, who manages a very thriving grocery concern — her husband slipping about doing nothing, although he thinks the busi ness could not go on without him— received one of I the census schedules to fill up. It was not thought worth while to give it to the gudeman, as he poor, easy soul ! — took no charge of anything in particular. The wife, seeing ' Head of Family,' said, ' That's me, nae doot. I wad like to ken wha's the head o' the family if it's no' me?' So down goes 'Janet — head of the family.' The gudeman, of course, came next in rotation, but his loving wife felt greatly puzzled whaj£ to say he ' was. After much cogitation the spou|||ihus wtilo - ' quised : ' I see I'm to tell nae lees ; mi l do i^fim in for £5, besides fash ; the truth?s aye'^est.' ' So 'John ' was put down, and afte-Aw' name this very complimentary additioii^-yj*fiiev|vife- of his bosom : ' Doits aboot and naething ; leaves _ a' to me.' The following occurred tlie other Sunday in a church in West Renfrewshire. The day was warm, and a number of those seated in the pews were lost either in deep thought or sound repose. The preacher had for his subject the story of Hagar and Ishmael ; and referring to that portion of it where Hagar saw the well, he uttered the phrase, ' And her eyes were opened ; ' and then, after a long pause, said (parenthetically) : ' It strikes mo that it would need something to open a number of your eyes ; I don't know whether it is the state of the atmosphere, or whether it is anything in my preaching to-day, but there is something ? ' Uncomfortable movements ! Opening of eyes! Two old women leaving the church on the con clusion of the service. First Old Woman: 'I wunner what has pit the minister in sic a way the day.' Second Old Woman : 'I dinna ken ; he micbt revive the auld custom of rapping sleepers' croons wi' a lang powl in the hauns of the beadle.' ' What's the matter, old man ?' he said, as they met the morning after ; ' you look blue.' ' I feel blue.' ' But last night you were the jolliest member of the party.' ' I felt jolly.' ' You aotedlike a boy just let out of school.' ' I felt like one.' 'You said your wife had gone away for the first time in three years, and there wasn't anyone to say a word if you went home and kicked over the mantel clock.' ' I remember it.' 'You said that if you stayed out until 4 o'clock there wag no one to look at you reproach fully, and sigh, and make you feel mean.' ' Yes, and I stayed out until 4 o'clock, didn't I ?' ' You certainly did.' 'And I gave an Indian war whoop on thft4oorstep.' ' Yes ; and you sang a verse from a comic opera song and you tried to dance a clog.' 'And my wife had missed the train. Now go away and leave me. I want to kick myself a little more for not taking the pre caution to get an affidavit from the conductor that she went with the train.' The Professor of Natural Science at Ann Har bour was discussing the process of fertilising plants by means of insects carrying the pollen of one plant to another, and to amuse the students told how the oldmaids were the ultimate cause of if all . The bumble bees carry the pollen ; the field mice eat the bumble bees ; therefore the more field mice the fewer bumble bees and the lees pollen and variation of plants. But cats devour the field mice, and old maids pro tect cats. Therefore the more old maids the more cats, the fewer field mice, and more bees. Hence old maids are the cause of variety in plants. There upon, a sophomore with a single eyeglass, an English umbrella, a box coat, with his trousers rolled up at the bottom, arose and asked : ' I sa-a-y, professah, what is the cause — ah — of old maids, don't you know ?' ' Perhaps Miss Jones can tell you,' suggested the professor. ' Dudes !' said Miss Jones sharply, and without a moment's hesitation. There was silence in the room for the space of 30 seconds, after which the lecture was resumed. ' Now, ladies, if I have left anything untold, or there is anything not quite understood, I am ready to answer questions.' She was the president of A woman's club and had just returned from a visit to the famous ' Sorosis.' She had been telling them what questions were discussed and what was the * programme of the evening. There were a number of women present, and they had all been very much interested. The president sat down in her chair and waited for questions. There was a silence for an instant, and finally a timid voice from the back ground said: 'I would like to ask a question. Was it — was it a dressy crowd?' The president jumped up and said : 'I just want to tell you! Those ladies all had on the most beautiful bonnets. One was a heliotrope velvet trimmed with gold lace. And another was made of bands of jet and pink roses ' (the ladies commenced to gather around her with enraptured impressions). 'The handsomest of all was worn by Mrs. — — Just then the pre sident of this woman's club caught a smile on the face of a newspaper correspondent who was pre sent. She drew herself up with great dignity and said: ' * Ladies, I think we are wandering from the subject.' The ladies settled back, conscious of the superior advantages of this popular club, but with a fleeting expression of disappointment, that gave indication of a willingness to ' wander ' still farther. A novel method of getting rid of troublesome chickens is given by Max Adeler. He describes it as follows: — 'We had a good deal of trouble last summer with Pitman's chickens ; as fast as we planted anything in our little garden, those chick ens of Pitman's would, creep through the fence, - scratch up the seed, fill up, and go home. When - the radish-bed had been ravaged iu this manner for the fifth time, we complained to Pitman. He was not disposed to. interfere. 'Adeler,' he said, ' I tell you it does 'em good ; and it does them beds goodto berakedoverbychickens. If I have radishes, : give me chickens to scratch around them and eat up the worms . Radishes that haven't heen scratched ain't worth a cent.' Then we climbed over the fence, with a determination to take the law in our ownhands. We procured half apeck of cornandtwo : dozen small fish-hooks. Fastening the hooks each to a grain of corn, we tied wire to each hook. Then we scattered the whole of the corn on the ' radish-bed, and fixed the end of the wire to the biggest shy rocket we could get. The rocket stood in a frame about ten yards away from the hooks. That very morning Pitman's chickens came over, and instantly began to devour the corn. We were ready, and as soon as it was evident that the hooks were all swallowed, we applied a match to that recket. It is regarded as probable that'no barn yard fowls that have existed since the days of Noah . ever proceeded towards the azure vault of heaven with such rapidity as those did. A fizz, a few ejaculatory cackles, a puff of smoke, and Pitman's robsters and chickens were swishing around among the celestial constellations without their feathers, and in some doubt respecting the stability of earthly things. Pitman never knew what became of his fowls ; but when we read in the paper next day that twenty four underdone chickens, with fish hooks in their craws, had been rained down by a hurricane in New Jersey, we felt certain that the - sky-rocket had done its duty I ' 