JfESLEYAN METHODIST CH URCII. MEIU.:. =T. Financial Meeting.--The following ad litional business was transacted:--In re Methodist Union, the following resolution was passed:--" 'his meeting, having con- 1 sidered the respective votes for and against the Methodist Union as formulated in the pamphlet submitted to the quarterly meet inge, endorse the scheme as outlined, pro. vided there is practical unanimity on the part of the minor bodies of Methodism, but protests against the proposed organic union if such unanimity is not shown by the votes of the quarterly meetings of the smaller sections of the Methodist Church." A uuauimo..us vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. II. C. Olilmeadow, Tasmanian secretary for foreign missions, and the meeting recomnends to Conferouce that he he re-appointed. The report of the Sunday School Union was received and adopted, and a vote of thanks war passed to the Ryv. T. G. WI it.o as secretary for Tasmania, and the meeting recommends his ro apl:oiutsaent as such. A discussion took place on the matter of the difference in thei taxation between Victorian and Tas manian circuit,, and the following resolu tion was passed :-" This meeting respect fully protests against the imposition of Laxation for the children's fund upon special efforts in Tasmania, whilst similar efforts in Victoria are left un taxed, as inequitable and a departure from our connexional principles. We would also point out the fact that three fourths of the grant is taxed in Tasmania, placing our circuits at a great disadvantage as compared with Victorian circuits." In reference to Mount Bischoff circuit, wshich is under obligation to take a married minister next year, a resolution was passed recommending that the circuit be relieved of its obligation for the year. A. resolu tion was passed, requesting the home miseion committee to consider the cases of dependent circuits before voting money for hcoue miesion stations, and it was also re solved that where grants have been made to circuits the quarterly meeting shall not be at liberty to engage any preacher as a I home missionary without the concurrence of the chairman of the district. Hearty vteas of thanks were accorded to the chair man, Rev. W. Burridge; secretary, Rev. WV. Wykes; assistant secretary, Rev. T. G. White, for their courtesy and attention to business. Reference was made to the kind way in which the members had born enter tained during the sessions of the district meoting, and a unanimous vote of thanks 1 passed to such friends, naom,.l, liev. i Wykes, Mrs Lamb, Mr A. Hart, and Mr C. I Best. mieTnD DAY. Ministerial Session.-Ono candidate for the ministry, Mr A.R.C. Bunton, was ex amined by the chairman. The examina tion and the trial sermon having been considered satisfactory it was unanimously resolved that he be recommended to Con ferenco to be received on trial. The Rovse. I Gifford and Grove, B.A., were recommended to he advanced a year in their probation. S" The Liverpool minutes" and the "Twelve rules of a helper" were read by the secre tary, and proved a means of spiritual blessing. An earnest discussion took place on the work in the respective circuits in the district, and an earnest desire was ex I pressed for more of the powers of the Holy Ghost. The next district meeting was fixed for the third week in November of next year. 1 The whole sessions of the district meeting were characerised by the utmost goodwill which prevailed, and which was owing to the courtesy and geniality of the chairman. Before the meeting terminated a resolu tion was passed, viz., " That we, as minis Sters, consecrate ourselves afresh to God 0 and to his work, earnestly praying that the 0 coming year may be one of spiritual power and gracious revival. We would also affectionately request the sympathetic co operation of our people, both in regard to a the public means of grace and the cultiva tion of Christian home life and influence. e This resolution to be made known by us to our people." 