I THE AMERICAN I CLAIMANT. ma ? ?- ? M (BY MAEK TWAIN.) jjgl [All Eights Eeseeved.] ^ommenTOd in tlie Evemxc Sews, Saturday, March 12. Ill CHAPTER XXIII. WM Tracy -wrote Ms father before He sougnt ^fts bed. He wrote a letter which he be i^lgbved would get better treatment than Hs cablegram received, for it contained kJiihat oui?lit to be welcome news, namely, eJIsL* i,~ Uori +rW fioualitv and working for ^ivin'-, tad made a fight which he could %pd no' reason to be ashamed of, and in tho Sitter of earning a living had proved that £fe was able to do it; but that on the tolo he had arrived at the conclusion t be could not reform the world single handed, r.nd was willing to retire from the Ailict' with tho fair degree of honor -which, lie bad gained, and was also Trillins to return home and resume his fflOeition, and be content with it and S»nkful for the future, leaving further 'experiment of a missionary sort to other ?wjnug people needing the chastening and felling persuabions of experience, the ©jSy lo^ic sure to convince a diseased im .agpatiou and restore it to rugged health. 1Mieu lie approached the subject of mar j||gc Avith tho daughter of the Ame j$§an claimant with, a good deal of /CKution an-i much painstaking art. lie ri»&d; praiset'ul and appreciative things ,'^out the girl, but didn't dwell upon JSat detail or make it. prominent. The Jajing which he made prominent was the araportunitv now so happily afforded, to Bconcilo York and Lancaster, graft tho |||krring roses upon one stem, and end for j»er a crying injustice which had already Sjfeted far too long. One could infer that III had thought this thing all out and Inosen this way of making all things fair Kd right, because it was sufficiently fair Snd cojieiderably wiser than the renuncia HH)n schtmo which he had brought with mini from England. One could infer that, S it he didn't say it. In fact, the more he Sad his letter over, the more lie got to £nf erring it himself. Ill When the old earl received that letter, file first part of it filled him with a grim Kid snarly satisfaction ; but the rest of it ?^p.jught a snort or two out of him that \ Cpuld be translated differently- He wasted no ink in 1 his emergency, either in. cable grams or letters ; he promptly took ship d&r; America to look into the matter him ? irelf. lie had staunchly held his grip all r^Biis long time, and given no sign, of the (MJTunfrer at his iieart to 6ee His son, nopmg fsbr tlie cure of his insane dream, and reso Kite that the process should go through all jSie nec9f=Fary stages without assuaging HBelegrams or other nonsense from home, iSnd here was victory at last. Victory, but iftupidly marred by this idiotic marriage Hproject. Yes, he would step over and take |p hand iji this n:atter himself. pf/ During the first 10 days following the Sphailing of the letter Tracey's spirits had r,; iio idle times. They were always climbing |qap irito the clouds or sliding down into the |»arth as deep as the law of gravitation jgge;iched. He was intensely happy and in-. gSlgiioely miserable by turns, according to HHitis Sally's moods. lie never could tell Mfhen the mood, was going to change, and Iwlien it changed he couldn't toll what it iBras that had changed it. Sometimes she. Spas so in love with him that her love was Kmropical, torrid, and she could find, no JUgmguage fervent enough for its expres Hgion ; then suddenly, and without warning Kr any apparent reason, the weather would jffiliange, and the victim would find himself H,drift among the icebergs and feeling aB Honesome and friendless as the north pole. ijfit sometimes seemed to him. that a man Btiiirht better be dead than exposed to these devastating varieties of climate. H The case was simple. Sally wanted to Relieve that Tracy's preference was dis Knterested ; so she was always applying Kittle tests of one sort or another, hoping Rnd expecting that they would bring out ttviiience which would confirm and fortify ? cr belief- Poor Tracy did not know that Mjliese experiments wore being made upon ™im, consequently he walked promptly Brito all the traps the girl set for him. fflTheso traps consisted in apparently casual References tc social distinction, aristocratic ?|ptle and privilege, and such things. Often '.sTracey responded to these references lieed .jEeHfdy, and not much caring what lie said Uprovidtd it kept the talk going and pro ?pnged the seance. He didn't suspect that She girl was watching Ids face, and listening for his words, as one who watches Kiit judge's face and listens for the words Rhat will restore him to home and friends H^nd freedom, or shut him away from the jpun and human companionship for ever. Hie didn't suspect that his careless words jprere being weighed, and so he often KLeliv6xed sentence of death when it would pbave been just ao bandy and all the same |||p him to pronounce acquittal. Daily he i!lgroke the girl's heart ; nightly he sent her |po the rack for sleep. He couldn't under stand it. M Some people would have put this and Khat together, and perceived that the Breather never changed until one par Hicular subject was introduced, and that Bhen it always changed. And they would Kiavo looked further, and perceived that ?Jiat subject was always introduced by the ?me party, never the other. They would ftave argued, then, that thiB was done for A purpose. If they could not find out Hrhat the purpose Was in any simpler or Basier way, they would ask. H But Tracy was not deep enough or sus Rncious enough to think of these things, ?Ie noticed only one particular — that the Breather ^vas alwayB sunny -when a visit ?began. No matter how much it might Rloud up later, it always began with a ?blear sky. He couldn't explain this curious ?iact to himself ; he merely knew it to be a ?fact. The xruth of the matter was that by ?the time Tracy had been out of Sally's Right six hours she was bo famishing for a ?sight of him that her doubts and suspicions ?were all consumed away in the fire of that ?longing, and so always she came into his ?presence as surprisingly radiant and joyous ?as she wasn't when she went out of it. I In circumstances like these a growing ?portrait rune a good many risks. The por Rtrait of Sellers, by Tracy, was fighting ?along day by day through this mixed weather, and daily adding to itself in eradicable signs of the chequered life it ?was leading. It -was the happiest portrait, in spots, tliat was ever seen ; but in other spots a lost soul looked out from, it ; a soul that -was suffering all the dif ferent kinds of distress there are, from stomach-ache to rabies. But Sellers liked it. He said it was just himself all over — a portrait that sweated moods from every pore, and no two moods alike. He said he had as many different kinds of emotions in him as a jug. It was a kind of a deadly work of art, maybe, but it was a starchy picture for show, for it was life size, full length, and represented the American earl in a peer's scarlet robe, with the three ermine bars indicative of an earl's rank, and on the grey head an earl's coronet, tilted just a wee bit to one side in a most gallus and winsome way. 'When Sally's weather wai sunny, the portrait made Tracy chuckle, but when her weather was overcast, it dis ordered his mind and stopped the circula tion of his blood. Late one night when the sweethearts had been having- a flawless visit together, Sally's interior devil began to work his specialty, and soon the conversation was drifting toward the customary rock. Pre sently, in the midst of Tracy's serene flow of talk, he felt a shudder which he knew was not his shudder, but exterior to his breast although immediately against it. After the shudder came sobs ; Sally was crying. ' Oh, my darling, wkat have I done — what have I said ? It has happened again ! What have I done to wound you ?' She disengaged herself from his arms and gave him a look of deep reproach. ' What have you done ? I will tell you what you have done. You have, unwit tingly revealed — oh, for the twentieth time, though I could not believe it, would not believe it ! — that it is not me you love, but that foolish sham, my father's imita tion earldom ; and you have broken my heart !' ' Oh, my child, what are you saying? I never dreamed of such a thing!' ' Oh, Howard, Howard, the things you have uttered when you were forgetting to guard your tonguo have betrayed you.' ' Things I have uttered when I was for getting to guard my tongue ? These are hard vrorda. When have I remembered to guard it ? Never ia one instance. It has no office but to speak the truth. It needs no guarding for that.' ' Howard, I have noted your words and weighed them when you were not (think ing of their significance, and they have told me more than you meant they should.' ' Do you mean to say you have answered the trust I had in you by using it as an ambuscade from which you could set snares for my unsuspecting tongue, and be safe from detection while you did it ? You have not done this — surely you have not done this thing ? Oh, one's enemy could not do it.' This was an aspect of the girl's conduct which she had not clearly perceived before. Was it treachery ? Had she abused a trust ? The thought crimsoned her cheeks with shame and remorse. ' Oh, forgive me,' she said ; '? I did not know what I was doing. I have been so tortured — you will forgive me, you must ; I have suffered so much, and I am so sorry and eo humble ; you do forgive me, don't you P — don't turn away, don't refuse me ; it is only my love that is at fault, and you know I love you, love you with all my heart j I couldn't bear to — oh, dear, dear, I am so miserable, and I never meant any harm, and I didn't see where this, insanity was carrying me, and how it was wrong ing and abusing the dearest heart in all the world to me — arid — and — oh, take me in your arms again, I have no other refuge, no other home and hope!' mere was reconciliation again — imme- diate, perfect, ail-embracing — and with it utter happiness. This would have been a good time to adjourn. But no, now that the cloud-breeder was revealed at last, now that it was manifest that all the sour weather had come fro'm this girl's dread that Tracy was lured by her rank and not herself, he resolved to lay that ghost im mediately and permanently by furnishing the best possible proof that he couldn't have had back of him at any time the sus pected motive. So he said — ?c Let me whisper a little secret in your ear — a secret -which I have kept shut up in my breast all this time. Your rank couldn't ever have been an enticement. . I am son and heir to an English earl!' The girl stared at him — one, two, three moments, maybe a dozen — then her lips parted — I ?' You ?' she said, and moved away from 1 him, still gazing at him in a kind of tifenk amazement. *' Whj — why, certainly I am. Why do vou act like this? What have I done now?' (to be continued.) 