EGYPTIAN SKETCHES.— No. VIII. TBy Wji. Roby Fletcher, M. A.1 The Story of the Exodus. In my last sketch I drew the outlines of Egyptian history at the time immediately be fore the exodus. I stated that the Pharaoh then reigning was named Menepthah or Merempthah, and that he had a son named Seti Menepthah, and that they were both hold ing their court in Upper Egypt. Times were turbulenb, and the old monarch, after waiting bis opportunity, had, with the aid of his son, established some measure of tranquillity in the Delta. All this time Moses was in retirement in the eastern desert, where he had been living for 40 years. He too was resting and getting ready for the time, when the inspired call would come to him. He was in the land of Midian among the granite cliffs of Sinai keeping sheep, nurturing- his ereat thinkings and commnniner with his divine friend. Doubtless he knew all about the politics of Egypt— he knew that BameEes the Great was dead ; he knew the character of Menepthah ; he knew of the re bellions among the Asiatic subjects of Pharaoh. If his own 'people had been mixed up in the affairs of the Delta he would learn that it was no use trying to fight against Egypt. When the time came they ought to leave Egypt voluntarily, and there ought to be an exodus, not an armed rebellion. A peaceful revolution is always better and more permanent than one which comes about amid the smoke and din of battles and bloodshed. The appeal to arms should be the last, not the first resort, in any case of national difficulty. Peace has her victories as well as war, and the laurels of such victories never, never fade. THE SCPXBNATUBAL. lam not now attempting to enlarge upon the mystic and supernatural side of .the story. I am trying to give the human, the historic back ground of the Bible drama. I believe most emphatically in the constant presence of the mysterious spiritual forces of God in mundane affairs. The Gospel of God rests on the supernatural at every turn. I do not seek to diminish faith therein, but to ' augment it, by showing how the divine plans have been interwoven with the intricate and seemingly natural course of events. Because Moses was skilled in Egyptian learning ; because be was well acquainted, with the politics of the double crown ; because he understood the.degradation of the slavery of his people ; because he had been pondering these things for forty years; because of all this he was able to understand the sign of the burning bush, and to receive the call of God to be the champion of his people. . But had not he waited too long? Had not the message been neglected ? Would it not have been better to have sprung his plan when Pharaoh was resting in inactivity, and before this fiery genius of a son had appeared on the scene ? So one might think'; but remember the old saying, ' The wheels of God grind slowly but they grind surely.' The call did not come, and Moses was still waiting. And now another cloud arises on the horizon of Pharaoh. Away behind the pyramids to the north-east there is a fresh: rebellion,, or rather an in vasion. The young warrior Seti has to turn his attention thither. The army is drawn away eastward. The poor Hebrews are in some measure left to take .care of 'themselves. They are a mean-spirited lot in the eyes of the court, and cannot light ; and so even the garri sons are withdrawn, . and the. : fortresses of Goshen are left quite undermanned. Now is the time. The. message comes at last and Aaron and Moses stand before Pharaoh and demand from him the liberation of the Hebrew slavers. 'Thus, saith Jehovah, the God of Israel, let my people goi' .,' . THE DEATH OF TBE PRINCE. It is not my intention to narrate over again the long story of the duel between Moses and Menepthah, which lasted nearly twelve months. I wish to hasten on to the close where the interest reaches its climax. Every body will remember the awful tragedy of the last plague.' Painters and poets have vied with each other in depicting what Egypt must have been like when there went up the wild wail of lamentation from so many homes, for the firstborn had been stricken in the hovels of the people, and the firstborn of Pharaoh as well, 'even he that sat upon the throne with his father.' After what I have said of that brilliant youth who had championed the royal cause so well, we can easily understand the grief of that last stroke in the conflict between Moses and Menepthah. No words can depict it. No wonder that the command went forth, 'Up, get you gone!' No wonder that the Egyptians should almost bribe the Hebrews to be oft No wonder that all opposition was hushed. The Crown Prince was .dead — the hope of the nation was cut off. The old man and his wife Isinefert were left to mourn ; the darkness of a dark sunset was to be his inevi table fate. In the agony of his despair he would be rid of his troublesome slaves at any cost, and then consider what was to be done. The story of the exodus is one of undying renown, but it is only of late years that it has been understood. Even yet all the points con nected with it are not cleared up,, and we await with anxiety the discoveries of every year. It is a marvellous thing that all know ledge of Egyptian history and customs tends to set forth more vividly the grand old story. It has not been proved false in a single par ticular. It (has been completely taken out of the. region of romance and ranged among the veritable facts of history. In spite of all that the so-called 'higher critics' assert on the basis of language, I am more and more convinced that we have in the book of Exodus a contemporary document which, in the main, is the same to day as it was in the time when it was written. I will not attempt a graphic description of the entire history, but will content myself with two or three facts which will help my readers, as they have helped me, to understand it. FBESH FACTS. *'L Weknownowthestartingplaceofthehost. The city called Barneses, built as a treasure city by the great Pharaoh, has been unearthed, and by innumerable inscriptions has been proved to be a great and strong stone fortress, one of a line of defences erected against the awkward and troublesome Asiatics. It was not far from the modern cotton town of Zagazig, where the train stops for refreshments on the way to Caiio from Ismailia. 2\. This discovery has been immensely strengthened by finding not far off the twin city of Pithom, with Rameses'e name stamped upon the bricks and numerous statues. This city was the first camping place of the fugitive host. Every schoolboy blows that if you get two points in a straight line you have no diffi culty in laying down that line. 3\. In Psalm ixxviiL, 12, we read of 'the marvellous thiegs that were done in Zoan,' and we are led to infer thence that the court of Pharaoh was then held in that city, and not in Memphis or Thebes. That city, which now lies hidden among vast and desolate marshes, has been partially explored by Mr. Petrie, and from his description it must have been not , only a very very old city but a very great city . as well, and an inexhaustible mine of anti- ; quarian wealth. So we must fill up the Bible ' story by picturing the two old men, Moses and ' Aaron, going continually backwards and for wards between the tents and houses of Israel which^lay all along the modern line of railway, and Zoan, which was about 30 miles to the north. ^ 4. A few years ago a geological expedition was sent out under Professor Hull to examine all those parts. He has discovered and proved that the land at Suez is rising. The rate is not great, not so great as that which threatens great Melbourne, and will make it an in land town in the course of a thousand years. It is barely a foot in a century, but when we come to talk of what took place 30 centuries ago, that 'slow upheaval must count for something. The district through which 'ft*, canal paeses is low, sandy, and marshy, and if we conceive of the land as being 26 or 30 ft. lower down than it now' is, wa must take into' account that the. sea ran in - shallow swamps far inland, tbapthe isthmus was very much narrower than it now is, and that it was a much more difficult task to slip out of Egypt into the desert than it is to-day. ; 5\. We - must also remember the terrible t disaster of the death of the firstborn. I have : already said a great deal about the prolonged -: ceremonies and superstitious care_ connected j with the dead. The days of mourning were by j no means confined to the royal limit of ; fashionable European Courts. Mummies | could not be made in a day. It took about 70 days at least to get through the funeral rites. With so many notable victims on hand the embalmere must have had their bands full. This helps us to understand how the Israelites were able to marshal their host, how they were enabled to complete their enormous pre parations, and corrects the impression which we so easily form, that all the events of the Exodus took place in one night. THE PASSAGE OK TKE SEA. Everything now falls into its place. Pharaoh was 30 miles away grieving over his only son. Along the valley of Goshen the Israelites were busy. Their meeting place was Barneses, where most of the host would assemble. Their march for the first two days was to Sucooth, not 'ax from Pithom. Thus far they had got when Pharaoh, takingalarmattheirdeparture, comes down from the north. He has his chosen chariot force of 600 with him, his bodyguard, his ornamental lifeguard, but his proper army was mostly away at the extreme north-east. He comes hurrying down, but the Israelites bad been moving on to Etham. If Pharaoh had not been on their heels they would have gone on east, and been in the desert in a few hours, but they would have left their rear open. So the pillar of cloud moves south, and they come to Pihahiroth. They are now, however, in a worse fix than ever. * The low sand dunes rise high on their right. The swamp of reeds is on their left ? curving round in such a way as to shut them in. They seem hopelessly at the mercy of the enraged monarch and his furious chariotteers. But ' man's extremity is God's opportunity.' The winds and the storms obey His behests. A strong east wind sweeps the sea of weeds dry, driving the waters upward aud downward. The ground though called 'dry' was oozy, and the pillar of fire leaas the host forward into tne won drous ford. The Egyptains are upon them. In the soft sandy mud 'the chariot wheels drave heavily.' The footmen have the advantage over the mounted veterans. The storm beats in the faces of the pursuers. The morning dawns upon Israel safe upon the eastern shore, and the changed wind brings the waters back [.upon the nuzzled soldiery, and they are lost in the sea. 'The eastern shore rings to the anthem of liberty,'sung for the first time in the history of the world; the western shore is plunged into a new disgrace, and a deeper gloom than even that of the death of the first born. WHAT BECAME OF PHABAOH? And what became of Pharaoh? The Israelites do not seem to have known. All that they saw was that the army was engulfed, and not a single Egyptian had landed on the desert shore. Whether any escaped by retreat they could not learn, and perhaps did not oare to enquire. We know that this Pharaoh was an old man; that he was not a brave man; that he preferred to do his deeds of valor by proxy ; that on a previous occasion he had run away from battle because the gods forbad him to go into danger. My readers will not be sur prised, therefore, to learn that we know a good deal of his subsequent life, and that he was buried in his own tomb in the Valley of the Kings after the lapse of a few sad years over clouded with the shadow of so many disasters. But I must not dismiss Menepthah with suca a short and scant notice as this. His subse quent history has for us a most romantic in terest. Till! was enabled to trace it I felt that the poetic climax of the Exodus had been spoilt, when I learned the Pharaoh had not been drowned but had ran away. But now the climax, though very different, is marvellously touching. This Pharaoh was not a great builder. He has left not a single notable edifice, but he had a curious habit of making use of the temples and statues of other Pharaohs for his own purpose. We have a great number of inscrip tions which carry us back to his reign. They are to be found at Zoan, at Thebes, at Silsilis, and many other places. They are not well done, and often have been so hurriedly exe cuted that one can read the inscriptions of other Pharaohs beneath his. They are of in tense interest, however. They show us the broken-hearted old man recording here, there, and everywhere his mourning for his only son. After the Exodus life was empty for him. What was a double crown to an old man too ' feeble to bear its burden, and with no son to succeed him ? At first we see him and his queen thus grieving, but after a while the queen appears no more, and we must picture this haughty Pharaoh a lonely desolate old man with no one at hand to comforb him, and tor mented with a grief which is indeed pitiable. I select two of these inscriptions for more detailed description, and am glad that I am able to have -them reproduced in a visible form. They -will probably be new to most of my readers, and to those who are students of the Bible are of wondrous interest. I take these illustrations from an article by Mr. Pain in the Century Magazine for September, 18S9, to which I am largely indebted. They are selected out of several which mutually corroborate each other. THE MODBNnrC PHABAOH. ' Far up the valley the Nile flows through a narrow gorge. Here the rooks close in upon the stream as though they would dam it up, as indeed they once did. The famous sand stone of which the temples of Thebes were built was obtained here. The quarries whence the blocks were cut were of immense extent, and the visitor may wander bewildered among their remains. It became a habit of the Pharaohs to make use of the smooth rock faces left by the quarrymen for pictures and inscrip tions. Some of these are nearly as old as the pyramids, but those of the Nineteenth Dynasty are the most numerous, and, to us, the most instructive. Our first illustration repre sents Menepthah making offerings to the gods. It is in two registers, or stories. In the lower one you will eee Meneptbah, crowned with the mitre crown, offering a sphinx, or the symbol of hope in death, to Horus the god of life, and Ma the goddess of truth. His name is over his head. He is accompanied by a young man bearing a fan, and if we read the list of -. titles over his head we find it to be ' heir to the throne, royal secretary, chief of the soldiers, the royal son of his body begotten, beloved of his father.' There is no name given, but this youth is followed by his 'ka,' or his ' double,' or his ' astral self,' or his 'ghost,' indicating that he was dead. Behind him is an old prime minister, a great friend of Menepthah's, called Nehesi, also dead. Now this shows us that the prince was dead before his father, and also that he was an only eon, no living brother being found to take his place. Now look at the upper half of the picture. Again you have the same Pharaoh presenting an image to two of the gods. Be hind him this time is his queen, and you may read her name, Isinefert, and behind her is once more the same firstborn son, with all his titles, only this time the name is added-^t ' Seti Merempthah, gone among the justified.' From which we learn that when that rock was. inscribed the old man was alive, his queen was alive, buu his son was dead, and his old friend Nehesi too, but he seems to hope that Nehesi, the friend of the great Barneses, will befriend the lad in the next world at the judgment of Osiris. Those who have themselves wept tears of sorrow over the death of a promising son, or over some brilliant youth suddenly called away, may imagine the depths of tenderness, the agony of grief, which that quaint old picture gives us in : illustration of the story of our Bibles. AN INTERESTING TABLET. The next illustration is still more curious, and gives us a deeper insight into the hidden background of history which we are trying to penetrate. It is called 'The tablet of four hundred years.' The original of this tablet is safe somewhere, so safe that no one can find it. It was found at Zoan, where Menepthah was living at the time of the plagues. Mons. Marriette found it when excavating there. He read it and copied it, and then was so afraid lest it should be injured, or broken up, or stolen, that he buried it again. It was originally in the inmost shrine of the great temple there; where it is now no one can say, for Mons. Marriette died shortly afterwards and carried the) secret with him to the world of Amenti. To «s who are uninitiated it does not seem very attractive, but its interpretation is like a new continent on several totally distinct and eepai?ate passages in the Bible. It represents the great Rameses, the father of Menepthah, offering wine to his deceased ancestor — Aa-pet, peh oar Aphophia. Our temperance friends may objeck.to this part [of the inscription, for it reade) that Barneses is 'giving wine to his beloved god that he make him a giver of life,' but Jfit.,$hem . consider who this beloved; god is, ari^E&ey; will iforjgeSi the dangeronS color of th&kjwne; when it is red. Thisgodjs his great 'huffiahforefataf^ej*h-ophis,'-i^^ was no other than Joseph'^Pharaoh, and wTtsnJS whom Rameee^.iblaimskintoigjjand wbpiaaBSBjK? among the justified in Osiris. .. : '- *?''-* j That is the first point'; but more interesting is the seventh line, which sass that this table!) was put-up in the 400th year on the 4th day of ; the month Mesori, after this Pharaoh had | gone among the gods. Now, we all know how j much dispute there has been among Bible ! readers as to whether the Israelites were 430 ; years, or 215 years, in Egypt. Some passages eeem to count the 400 years from Abraham, and some from Jacob's going down into Egypt. Here it is settled for us. From the end of the j reign of Joseph's patron to some year in I Rameses's reign is 400 years, which gives us, within narrow limits of error, the same period that the Bible does for the sojourn of the children of Jacob in the land of bondage. The Egyptians were bad chronologers, and this priceless tablet is a great help in settling dates. After this my readers will be anxious to examine this 'stone which cries out' so curiously, but before looking at it I must note another feature of this marvellous tablet. TWO PICTUKES IN ONE. We see 12 lines of writing and two pictures on the tablet. The lines 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 seem to have nothing to do with what goes before. The two pictures also are quite distinct. To make a long story short, the small picture and the last five lines are the work of Menepthah, while the others are the work of his father Barneses. He either found space ready for him, or he mani pulated . the monument to serve his pur pose, and saved the expense and trouble of getting such a large stone for himself. This, as I have already said, was a very common practice with him, and in this particular in stance we are glad he has been so economical. Now when we look at the second picture, unj luckily we see a portrait without a head, which has been broken off. We can, however, easily imagine the head to be there. It is no other than that of ''* the heir to the throne, the fan bearer at the king's right hand, the commander of the archers, royal scribe general of the cavalry, &c;, &c;' And then it goes on to give his name, 'the. Prince Seti, deceased, born of the lady of the house, the j-rmcess deceased.' I Bay it is a portrait of this interesting prince that is here broken, or rather of his double, his ghost, his ' ka,' who is already in O3iris, and has already joined the god Set, after whom he was named, and to whom this ghost of royalty prays ' Grant thou me a long time in thy ser vice to follow thy person.' Now as we look at this monument let us note what it suggests. It was erected in the very town where the young man died. His mother is by this time also dead. His father (now an old man) records, on this tablet of his own father, how his son has gone to join the grand father in his mystic reception among the gods'. THE GROWTH OP FBEEDOM. This is the last record of this king. He him self died not long afterwards, leaving a sad heritage of confusion and anarchy to his suc cessors. The glory of Egypt waned into obscurity under that unhappy man, who defied the living God and contended so obstinately against the cry of his subjects for freedom. That battle between him and Moses is typical of a grander conflict which has been going on ever since, and will go on, till every band of slaves shall have followed the cloud banner of Moses -into that spiritual liberty which is mau's inspired birthright. That battle once begun cannot cease till oppression kisses the dust, for God is on the side of the weak. The war fare may seem to us to progress slowly, but the eye of divine wisdom looks out from the pillar of cloud and directs the hosts as HewilL In the fulness of time, and not before, came He who is a greater champion even than Moses — our divine master. Again, in the fulness of time, Europe burst asunder the chains of superstition, and in spite of inquisitorial torments, and prisons, and bulls said she would be free. Again, in the fulness of time, a small band of exiles left old England for a new England over the waves, seeking nought save freedom to worship God, and from that small exodus has arisen the mighty popular empire of the States of America. Yet again, in the right time, in our own time, a new group of loyal and obedient and liberty- loving peoples has been formed in these southern seas, and we have to take our part in conserving and developing the germs of national freedom which have been planted here. And as we thank our God for all onr blessings, let us never forget that under Him we, and all the world, owe to that grand in spired Bian, Moses the Hebrew, all the liberty we possess and all the hopes of a more perfect freedom which are involved in our developed Christian faith. Christianity is the worlds charter of a holy liberty, signed and sealed by the mediatorial King of Heaven, just as the legislation of Moses was the Magna Charfca of ihe children of Israel. 