After Easter. (BY THE EEV. EDWABD W. GILMAN.) " To whom also he showed himself alive after his pas- sion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them 40 days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God."-ACT i, 8. The period of time during which our Lord abode on earth is the most marvellous in human history. No other period is like it. To no other have so much thought and study been given. No other is so well known in its incidents and its actors, or for ita instructions and its power over the hearts of men. In its relation to the history of the race it has been compared to the bloom of the century plant, which, after years of ungainly growth, suddenly unfolds with flowers of rarest beauty and color. But if thero is any one part of Christ's life which is conspicuous aboTO the rest, thrilling our hearts with deeper joy, and standing out as tho consummation of a divine purpose, it is THAT PERIOD OF 40 DATS which intervened between his resurrection and his ascension-the period beginning with the morning when tho women went to the sepulchre at the rising of the sun and found it empty, and closing with tho day that he was taken up and a cloud received him out of their sight. It is well to group together, for the quickening of our memories, the incidents and instructions of those 40 days. The text itself suggests an order of thought, and sets bofore us the course of the Lord Jesus as showing hiinsolf alive after he had suffered, with unmistakable signs, and talking with his disciples of his kingdom. I. We notice, then, urdt, OUE LOED'S DELIBERATE COTJESE IN SHOWING HIMSELF ALIVE again and again through all this period of 40 days. This is a conspicuous thing, that it is so oiten said that he showed himself. Ile was not sought for and found by much searching ; he was not encountered in the thoroughfares ; he was not to be seen at any man's bidding; but, as if there was a certain kingly dignity about him, he gave audience when he would. Now, first we begin to have a class of expressions which we associate with the appari- tion of angels and with heavenly visions. He appeared to the eleven ; he was seen of Peter ; ho showed himself to to the boatmen of the lake forms of speech which have greater variety in Greek than in English, and which aro not used in reference to him before his resurrection ; the very words implying some great change in his own history, and especially in his relation to his disciples. Next, wonotico what emphasis was laid upon his having been seon. This word greeted the two brethren on their return from Emmaus: "The Lord is risen indeed, and bath appearoa to Simon." This I was the promise of the angel : " He goeth before you into Galilee-, there shall ve soe him." This was the fact reiterated by Paul to tho Corinthians : " He was seen of Cephas ; ho was seen of James; he wa3 seen of all." The ten told Thomas, "Wo have seen the Lord." Our Saviour upbraided those who would not believe those who had seen him after he was risen, and said to Thomas : " Because thou hast seen me thou hast believed ; blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed." It is interesting to note, also, THE NUMBER OF TIMES SPECIALLY MENTIONED in connection with our Saviour's appearing. Mark enumerates three occasions on the same day ; first to Mary Magdalene ; afterwards to two that walked into the country; and last to the eleven at their evening meal. Matthew, moro briefly, tells only cf his appearing to the women at the sepulchre, and then to the eleven on a mountain in Galilee. Luke describes the walk to Emmaus, the upper room at Jerusalem, and the last walk from Jerusalem to Bethany. John, with his peculiar habit of noting timo, tolls of three days ; of the appearance to Mary in the view with Thomas a week later ; and the talk at morning and to the ten in the evening ; the inter early dawn cn tho banks of the Lake Tiberias; while Paul, long afterward, enumerates hve occa- sions on which Christ was seon, besides the memorable revelation to himself on his way to Damascus. So that wo have 11 to 12 distinct in- terviews which find record as having occurred in 40 dayB, six of them being on the day of the re- surrection. Sometimes he appeared to individuals alone, as to Mary and Peter ; sometimes to the familiar group' ct his disciples ; and then to 600 brethren at once. Sometimos he was seen by day, sometimes by night. Usually it would seem, to have been an unexpected meeting; but in Galilee it was doubtless at a time and place which our Lord himself definitely appointed. There is a great variety indicated in THE EFFECT PRODUCED' upon those who were favored with a sight of Christ. Mary Magdalene, with downcast face and weeping eyes, shrinking from all intercourse with strangers, recognised the familiar voice of Jesus, and to his well-known salutation answered, " Eabboni, Master." The eyes of the two that walked toward Emmaus were holden ; they did not distinguish his voice ; and only by some familiar act or word were they led to discern Jesus in the breaking of bread. When he sud- denly appeared to the eleven they were terrified and affrighted, and supposed that they had Been a spirit. Thomas, the doubting dis ciple was convincod by the word which challenged him, in the very terms he had himself used, to test the reality of the Saviour's body. When the seven fishermen in the dim twilight of morn- ing were toiling on Lako Tiberias, the instinct of the diesiple whom Jesus loved led him first to recognise Jesus in the stranger who was calling to them from the shore, but all felt a sense of awe, and dared not ask him who he was. And when the 500 met, they saw and worshipped him, but even then some doubted. So in the Lord's good pleasure he showed himself alive to his disciples in various ways, and they became witnesses of the resurrection. IL We notice THE MANY INFALLIBLE PEOOPS. We are impressed with the largeness of the de- monstration. These many interviews, extending over 40 days, convinced men who were not looking for any such result, whose doubts and despon- dency and disappointments made them slow to believe and hard to bo convinced. Not one of the disciples seems to have enter-1 tained any hope of Christ's return to life. Not one of them could utter a word of consolation as thoy wept over his death and burial. Not one of them wont to the sepulchre on tho third day to aid his reviving life and roll away the stone from the door. Thoy wore all in hopeless despair. The women prepared spices and ointment for his burial. Mary was weoping becauso thoy had taken away her Lord. Peter and John, summoned to the tomb, and finding it vacant, thon first believed, for till thon thoy know not the Scripture that he must rise again from the dead. The two walking towards Emmaus were heavy of heart and sad, and put no faith in the rumor that angel voices had reported him to be alive : " Him they Baw not," waB their dirge. None of thom soemed willing to believe on testimony, and Thomas bluntly declared that ho would not believe unless he could Bee the print of the nails, and put his finger into the print of the nails, and thrust his hand into his side. Now, thiB prevalent state of disbelief needed to be overcome by evidence j and it was so over- come that all DOUBT WAS FOE EVEE DISPELLED, and amid persecution and peril the apostles were over aftor roady to affirm the resurrection. The best evidence of the resurrection in their day came through their personal contact with Jesus. What he did, what he Baid, what thoy saw and heard, convinced them. They hoard him afhrm, " It is I, myself." Ho bado them ioel and handle. He showed them his hands and sido. They saw that ho had roally flesh and bones. They saw I him eat of a broiled fish and of honoycomb. As he walked with them and talked with thom thoir hearts wero all aglow. The tones of his voice, his i manner of blessing the bread at thoir evening moal, his way of unfolding scripture, the love which had not been changed by his agony or their frailty and unbelief, the experiences of so many persons running through so many weeks, were infallible proofs that he who was crucified lived by tho powor of God; that he who had died was alive again for evormore. III. We note the themes on which our Lord discoursed. They are in marked contrast with the discourses which precoded his crucifixion. He chose A NEW STYLE OF INSTEUCTION. We look through the pages devoted to this period and find nothing like the sermon on the Mount or the conversations recorded in the latter part of St. John's Gospel. Ho discoursed about the kingdom, but we have none of the parablos by which ho had formerly explained its nature, or the precise predictions concerning its grand re- sults at tho judgmont day. Nor did he, coming back from the world of tho departed, bring any revelation concerning the mansions of which ho had spoken, or concerning the condition of generations who had gone boforo There was not a word about " spirits in prison," if ho had been preaching to any such ; not a word of Judas or of tho penitent malofactor, who had been with him in Paradise, or of the saints whoso bodies carno out of tho graves and wore seen of many after his resurrection. And yet he discoursed of grand themes, past and future, going back to the timoB of Moses and forward to the end of the world. Wo note FOUE SPECIAL POINTS OF DISCOUESE. First, after giving assurance of his personal identity, he taught them the meaning and fulfil- ment of the scriptures, showing from them how the Mossiah must need suffer, and through suffer- ing ontor into ¡, lory, and how repentance and re- mission of sins must be proached in his name among all nations. It waa a comprehensive and detailed exposition of all things writton concerning hiiasolf in the old testament scriptures. Next he gave them tho promise of the new dispensa- tion, tho gift of tho Holy Ghost, for which, they wero to tarry in Jerusalem. Thiidly, thore was the great commission to one and all to "go into all the world and preach tho gospel to every creature." And, lastly, thoio was the promise of his presence and tho assurance cf his power " Lo, I am with you always, oven unto the end of the world." The presonco and powor of himself was to bo the demonstration for that age and thus was THE EESUEEECTION LIFTED UP to a place of prominence in human thought as the grandest fact in history. After the election of Matthias, to bo with the apostles a witness of the resurrection, their whole testimony before the people was, " That God had raised up Jesus from the dead." So also Paul, on " Mar's Hill, dis- coursed to Athenian philosophers " Of Jesus and the Eesurrection," and at Corinth, too, he told them first of all, how that Christ rose from the dead the third day, according to the Scriptures. He, himself, wa3 not a whit behind the chiuf est of the Apostles, because " He had Eoen tho Lord," which was a basis of confidence and a source of consolation which time could never weaken. Take away that great fact, said Paul, and our hope is vain, our preaching is vaux f wo are of all men mostmisorable; but "new is Christ risen," no axiom is more true, no fact ia more indisputable. I To Paul and all the first church the resurrection was the crowning achievement in the work of re- demption, the introduction of a new motivo pc-wci into the world, as marked an event as the original appointment of the sun to rule th« day; as potent a force as any of the powers of nature-heat, co- hesion, light, electricity, or gravitation. s It ia worthy of remark how often in Scrit.ture THE EESUEEECTION IS ASSOCIATED WITH POWEE. Christ was "declared to be the Son of God with power by the resurrection from tho dead." Ha waa crucified through weakness, yet ho liveth by the power of God. The body is sown in weak- ness, it is raised in power. Paul's earnest desire was to know Christ, and by that he meant th<i power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings; and Peter, alluding to the experience of the eleven when they wore in des- pair, says : " Ho hath begotten us again unto a lively hopo by tho resurrection of Jesus Christ from tho dead." All this indicates the impression on the minds of that gonoration that the resur- rection was a now factor in human history. It was not, indeed, such an evGnt as mon called great, like rearing an obleisk, or building a pyra- mid, or cutting a canal, or boring an arte- sian well, or circumnavigating the world, or conquering an empire. It was only an historic fact; a singlo incident ia the life of a Jewish peasant who had baon condemned and executed for blasphemy ; but that fact has had more to do with the world's development, has more mfluenco to-day over tho thoughts and lives of mankind than any other fact of history. The kingdom of God is LIKE THE GEEAT PROCESSES OF NATUEE in that it cometh not with observation, nor with pomp and pageant and display. Take aa illustration from the external world. From tho time of the winter solstice the sun has been slowly ascending toward the zenith-higher every day at noon, every day exerting greater power. Tho mountains of ico and snow give way before it. Its rays of heat and light coming a hundred millions of miles have been felt in the twigs and branches of the trees and on shrubs and plants and herbs bloom and foliage and beauty and fragrance aro revealed to-day. Not one tree alone, but every living plant, has been begotten to a new life all around the world. There has been no violence, no catastrophe, no sudden shock, yetf the magnolia buds have opened, the maplos haro bloomed, and spring has suddenly burst upon usr making glorious response to tho power which all along has been preparing the way. Now, in some such way the power of Christ's resurrection has been felt throughout these cen^j turies ; is exhibited to-day in Christendom ausT beyond its bounds. Take a single illustration : In April, 187G, the Empire of Japan established a rest day ; not a day of worship, but of cessa- tion from toil; and it took, not one day in 10, or six, or fivo, but one in seven; audit selected for that day, not the Mohammedan Friday or the Jewish Saturday, but the Christian Sabbath. Why ? Simply because 1800 years ago on tho first day of the week, Jesus Christ rose from the dead- In those remoto islands, whore Chiistianity has been hated and the cross trampled under foot, where non-intercourso with foreigners has been the law, where until 1873 the prohibition of Christianity was proclaimed at the corners of the streets on public signposts, this signal ' illustration of the power of Christ's resurrectiatíg' is soen. So potent the inlluonce of that hibtor|p fact! so widespread, so far-roaching its power! I sometimes fear lhat this groat cardmal fac1; does not have the place on our thoughts which it doservos. Wo cannot oscapo the power any mora than we can oscape tho power of the sun ; but the brilliancy may bo clouded, dark shutters may excludo its rays, tho stained glass of prejudice or tho cobwebs of carelessness may dim its bright and lifo-giving lustre. »*? THE OBSEEVANCE OF EASTEE as the anniversary of Christ's resurrection has greatly increasod of late years ; but the day may bo observed while the event takes but little hold upon our lives. Christ rose from the dead, but that waa not the end of things ; it was rathor tho inauguration of a new series of events and of an endless life. Jesus Christ is alive to-day. Ha showed himself for 40 days to his disciple«, that their doubt3 might be for over dispelled, and then ascended up into the heavens toabidein glory. He rose from the dead ; that was not so wonderful. So did the widow's son ; so did Lazarus ; but he roso and ia alive. The resurrection day was wonderful; but BO was everyone of those that followed, until he was taken up and a cloud re- ceived hira outof their bight. And I amnotcontont to think of Easter Day, and then drop the risen Christ out of mind ; but more and more I dosiro to chorish tho memory of all those experiences which followed, whil o this Divine Teacher an d riHon Lord unfolded the Scripturos of the Old Testament in their relations to him, and taught his disciples how his advent and life and death and resurrec- tion were parts of God's eternal plan for the re- demption of a lost world. Those 40 days of heavenly intercourse were a forotasto of the pre- cious communion which is to come when the ran- somed of tho Lord return home with songs and everlasting joy ; and blessed aro they who, study- ing the record of that wonderful period from the resurrection to the ascension, drawn instruc- tion and refreshment and comfort and tho etory. and come into closor fellowship with their risen . Lord. Tho total increase o£ Wesleyan Church mem- bers in New South Wales and Queensland during the year, 1891, was 609, with 633 in addition, on trial. The establishment of a communicants'unioá'on '? tho plan of Canon Taylor, of St. Stephen's, New- town (C.E.), in each parish, would probably bo a source of strength and success to the Church... Its main object is to foster church life by the) mutual co-operation of communicants. "A special feature of it is to make all communicants office- bearers in the church, and all the olEco-hQiuvra' communicants." The official organ of the church thinks that "it should be more coni£r«¿hcnsÍ7« | aad inclusive" 