WAFTED, i BU^fiLiR. CHAPTEK XII. J T h ^ e ^ n e s ^ ^ j ^ y ^ ^ J -mannér, the tone of -his e^8, =iSeem^ irresistibly to have oveî ovetjtowerêd Mis Duncan, and rising,, she Said quickly; * Mr Leighton, if yon will help : me, i will feowith you. I fe&l; tîk.at Ï must, and can take you as my guide in this business.' John Leigliton, with a low, earnest * Thank you,' gave her his anu to which she clnng to trnstlnglv. and led her outinto the7ittle garden, and to the work shed. Having lit the gas, he seated her on a low Lenclf'; and having drawn 1iis small^model from its rrsting-place he put it on the table before her. Placing his han-i lovingly on it, he said, thonglitfully. '1 think this little machine will help u?.* * But how ? in what way ? what do yon mean to 1o ? I scarcely understand you,' replied his companion. 'I will try to erplain,' he said. .'The safe which Mr Capesthorne built -into, i»is libiary wall is not what is modcrnlyunderstood as a safe ; it is simplyr-a metal lining in the shape of à linge box» dfiîigued ftir the purpose of being briM; into a wslL Tiie doôr is n >t above h&K-;^ an inch thick, and it is not fitted with any of those intricate bolts and wards common to ordinary safes. All this Ir learned from the tuason from whom I obtained the solitaires : nevertheless, the lock being broken, the only way to open it will be by force. The wedge and lever process would require more strength than one man could apply ; besides, thé operation is necessarily a noisy one, aud noise must be avoided. Now here comes in my invention. By its means. I can drive, by treadle power, from .15 to 20 small drills at the fame moment, and at any distance from each other. To be able by manual, or rather foot power, to bore four holes in a metal plate at the same time is an achievement in itself, but t-.» bore 15 or 20 holes, is something unheard of. Now, with a strong working model, -ï.could drill holes either in a circle or on four sides of a square, so close together 'as to p»ctically cut out a portion of any plifte thus acted upon. Now, if I cut out the metal covering the bjroken loc& in the safe atNant Gwern/I can remove the bolt with ease. It only remains for me to .make and take down a • working machine like this, and the thing is dene. 4 But Mr Leighton,* broke in Mrs Duncan, ' I am still at a loss How 4o yon mean to get at the safe ?' ' Why, throngh the window, of course,' was the quiet reply. . * No, Mr Leighton, I cannot, and will nut enconrago or allow thl-. For me to rnn the risk is a different matter ; but for you to jeopardise your liberty, for perhaps years, is absurd. ' You have no reason for such an action, Mr Leighton, and I say again that ' the thing is ab3urd.' * No reason, 1 Mrs Duncan, answered John Leighton, almost sternly, folding his arms, and leaning with his back 9gainst the tablé. 'I Kill ghow ^you that I have a reason. Until tl^Iast week or two, I did not "know wWtiier you were wife, widow, or maid; Isthfcre any sin in a man loving under such circumstances? It might be presumptuous, but not sinful. Now, for tbe sake of the unspoken love I had for you before I knew your storv, I claioi to be allowed to help you. Tour husband, if living, and a man of honor, could not blame me for the determination I have come to, which is tli9t I will never rest nntil I have proved to yon.that you are either wife Or widow. ' As Mre* Duncan listened ..to this* abrupt and forcible speech her . cheeks paled and her fingers clasped and unclasped nervously. . After a few mtv: ments' painful silence, site said, speaking with an effort, 4 Mr Leighton, I am to blame ; the fault is 'with me. I hâve have laid myself open i;o yoar judgment. If you are determiined on carrjing" out this scheme I . will not» cannot oppose' you ; put one compact I -will insist on, and that is that if you go. to Gwern.ï accompany y tu. You agree, to that ? . Thank yon ; acd-fiow ple&sfetake; me back to the hoise, for I ' very weary.' ,, It was a wild, windy nig1it,; late in.. March. The young, moon, seen at intervals through rifts in t'se heavy -cloud drifts, seemed only to ràak^ darkness. m*»re palpable l»y her intermittent ap- {•earances. Nant Gwern Hall, amongst its sombre surroundings, was hardly distinguishable against thé dark belt of firs which swayed and moaned in the winds on three sides of it. Hardly,distinguishable . save for one small light which burned in the old library, and this could only be seen Irom the side of the ; Alwyn, whose troubled torrent conld; be heard from the'blackness of the-rtvine below. Scarcely a night, or the time of night—for it was almost twelve o'clock. —-for a young !a ly .to ^e moving abjat, alone.iu such an eerie place, ml yet t™ closely-clcaked woman was çiutiouslys approaching:one of the ,JOw? windows' fromwhiclithe light. sh'>ne, Reaching t, she clambered quietly ïnp the rocks & beneath it: and peered in. The. light' was small, and but dimly lit up tiie gloomy apartment, but by its light she could make out the figure of a mat), minus coat and waistcoat," standing, amongst a pile of loose bricks, working a strange-looking machine with his foot.: After wa'ching him a few moments she lapped sharply againét the . window. "The light was extinguished instantly; but she tapped again, at the. same time crying entreatingly, * Mr Leighton, let me in.* , She repeated the call twice befors- the window was cautiously opened, and a man's vOice,-rather sternly, * Mrs Dancan, this is madness. You have -BO right to he here. You must go back.' ' I cannot, I cannot ; oh,~ ptèààé let me in, uni I will tell you all about it.* Seeing that , she . was trembling ; with., escitemens, J-•tin Leighton leaned- over, and, by sheer- strength . lifted Jter iito the room;- Supporting her with arm, he 'grouped about ùntil lië fotiiïS .'a chair, i«n which he plaeed her. "Now then,' hè said, more gently, * What is all the trouble, and what has brought' yod here?' . . ' I could hot sleep,' sohbied Mrs Duncan, 'and I slipped ont withont waking Mabel or Mary" Mosscrop, ' who are in the same r«»om with the, and started for a walk. I kept, wondering if yon had got in all right, and bow yon are going on, and I conld nrt rest until I saw the windows, and ^hen when I got into the grounds of this awfifl place I fancied "alfsorts of things. I thought 1 saw figures moving the trees. ahd heard f«»otsteps behind me, ahd whisperings, and { B e t ^ ^ Ôh. itisaltorriWe ihisT an ^nhallowed olace a Ç^® an^hallowed placera vaunted pla&>. Do not leave me, please, .do not, Mr Leighton^ Would to God it wëré daylight/ ^ : * Come, come,' this will never do,' said John Leighton, -' your imagination has run riot with you. Now that you «Te here. you must .stay, and help me. I am getting on first rate ; but, first of ah, #. a „„ ^ „„ „. ^t «ne turn on my lantern, so that we can ?ee, and then yon must give me some brandy and water, for XVe l>eeu working hard sinde ten o'clock, when thé old Williams' went to bed. J've some brandy and sandwiches in my bag,' So saying, he pot his arm round lier, and half carried her to where he had been at work, and made her sit down on a .dusty couch, whilst he brought <>nt some cognac,- of which he gave her « stiff" drink, asking' her afterwards ' to help him to some, and after thé sbock she had given him he felt in need of it. The stimulant, and above all, his easy manner, had a beneficial at hià.pàent'treadle drill. . I'd - a bit of b »ther getting the machine in,' he sai<^ * but it is working beautifully now that it is set np, and 1 think I shall be throngh in about an hour, and then for Mr Capesthorne's secret, whether it is ours or not. The bricks were a .bit ôf a nuisance at first,but »nce I. got one out it was easy work.' Chatting as though quite at his ease, John Leighton tried to distract his companion's thoughts from their gloomy surroundings. . To Mrs Duncan when she let ber eyes stray, thèy.were worse than gloomy, they were horrible. The strange sounds which seemed to «cho throcgh the house, the black depths of shadow from which peered out indistinct and ghost like the pale faces of the dead and gone Capest homes, in their tarnished frames, that all-pervading damp and»death-like smell, and the creaking and rastling sf the branches against the uncurtained , windows, through which Unseen.«yes might be watching, were enough to upset- stronger- nerves than hers. . ' Hurrah !' exclaimed John Leighton, ' I'm through ât last, and a good blew from the hammer should drive the piece right out. Moving the drive he hit the piece of perforated plate a resounding bloWj and-to his delight it gave way and fell with a dull clang inside. After, a moment's work he withdrew the bolt, and f&king; the lamp from Mrs Duncan, lie wrenched the door open. From hei position she could, not see in ; well indfed, fur hei she could not. What John Lighten saw seemed to freeze his blood with horror. There on the floor of; that - mysterious safe was a human skeleton. As ihe horrible trath flashed upon him he dashed the door to ; he conld not let her see what he had seen. As lie did soi a shrill scream from Mrs Duncan.made him turn hurriedly, his first thought being.that she had seen all ; bât this was hot the cause of her outcry. Standing, oyer Jier* one hand on her throat, the. other grasping a revolver, was a pale- faced man, with eyes ablaze, bis jet black hair making his face the more ghastly m the lamp light. * So you have found him at lest, have you,' he shouted shrilly, - 'and I've founi you just in time ; you shall join him.' - His look was demoniacal. There could be no donbt of his intention. John .Leighton did not hesitate aninstant, but flung the heavy hammer which he. held in itis hand . full at ' the - madman, it struck him a terrific blow on tiie side of the Lead, and he fell headlong over his intended victim. At this' moment there .was à rush of heavy feet, and the next instant two burly gamekeepers appeared on the scene. " , * You've, killed him, governor,' said one excitedly, as he turned over the body of the prôstrâtie tnân ; 'and, by jfnd, its Mr Capeslhorne !' ': He was not deadï however, but only •badly sîonned. ~ Mrs;, Duncan had fainted, and John Leighton, aftsr a hurried e£pla nation to the two keepers, in proof of the truth of which he showed them the ghastly contents of the Bafe, had the Williams's roused, and the unconscious lady : placed ' in the old woman's . care. It appeared that the keepers had seen Mortimer Capesthorne laddering about, _ and.lakiug 4iiov-for-a burglar;-had followed him. Of course . there-was a tremendous sensation when the story, became known. The bones in the safe Were proved to be those of Paul DunCanj butIKTW he had. béen enticed into th»t fatal house was; never known. 4k verdict of 'wilful murder" was -returned by, the coroner's jury against Mortimer Capesthorne, but he died Saying mad within, à week of the dis- 'coreiyi/ • • ^. 3, ... xkt ILSL,- * -j . . . . Two years after .the eyents. as , Above $eseribecjfj a fair-hnred grrl of-'abont s$fP§|^$ivicdLage : was leaning over a jn-ihe balcony 'of a pleasan t house 4B snjMiy S:»rrent<ii in which a pale-facèd bat ^handsome lady was 'seated, gazi ng dreamily out upon the bine waters of the Bay of Nàples.- ' 4 0r ly 'think, mamma,' said the girl, softly, 'does it not seem strange, all this? Just becansé I was what Mr Mosscrop called a. distinguished visitor, I was taken (o that horrid Nant Gwern where the jackdaw found poor papa's solitaire, and so many things sprang front ivhat seems such an incident. You are going to be Mrs Leighton; and I am going to hâve a new papa. 5 ; . 'Yes, dear,' said Mrs Duncan, kissing her, ' and I hope jou will love him as I do.' £THB END.J 