CHAPTER X. " One returned, iaot lost." It was the seventh, anniversary of the marriage pf George Redwood and Ellice Greenaway. The day fell upon a Sunday. The yeoman sat in an old fashioned high bached chair, after breakfast, over hie morning pipe and a copy of the WEEKLY COUNTY JOUBNAL. He was already attired for church, except for coat and hat, and these, brushed to their last nicety, lay on the table beside him ready to his hand. He sat in the Sunday morning luxury of shirt sleeves enjoying his pipe with the consciousness of rest and leisure, not so deeply interested in the story of the pre- liminary meeting of the Hunt Club but that he could find an occasional eye for the sunlit garden and an ear for the voices of the house. He strayed restfully over the local intelligence, until on a sudden the heading of a brief paragraph started him into a profound interest. He read the paragraph twice over, and then rising I walked to the foot of the stairs, which led' direct from the chamber to the upper regions of the house. " Ellice, my dear,'' he called, " just come down here a minute, will you ? I've some- thing to show you.." His wife's pleasant treble answered from above, bidding him wait a minute. He walked back to his ohair, and sat smoking rather solemnly, until his wife descended with a rustle of Sunday silk. " Why, George," she said, " you're look- ing, as serious as a crow. What's the matter?" "Was I, my dear?" said George. " Here's an odd bit of news, now. Listen to this : * It will be within the memory of our readers that somewhat less than two years ago we published the news of the melancholy disappearance of Mr. John Hetheridge, a native of Upnor, of this county. "We now learn from the Australian journals that the provisions of the unfortu- nate gentleman's will have been com- pletely carried into effect. The whole of his estate has been realised, and the pro- ceeds, amounting to more than a quarter of a million sterling, are funded in the English three per cents. for the benefit of his infant daughter. A stated sum had been set apart for alimony, but the bulk of this great fortune will be allowed to accumulate until the young lady reaches the age of 18. We learn that the heiress is in the charge of the Reverend Jordan Farrell, M.A., the in- cumbent of St. John's Church, Wellstead, EBSOX.' " ** Why, George," said Mrs. Redwood, " that'll be an enormous fortune by the time the child comes in for it." " Yes," George assented, " it's a lot of money. Poor old Jack Hetheridge ! Ile muBt have had a rare eye for the main chance, though great fortunes do seem to grow out there like mushroom". You might have done better than you did my dear." "Oh," said Mrs. Redwood. "AB how, George ?" " You might have had that quarter "bf a million," George . answered,, smiling seriously up at her. " My dear lad," his wife responded, shaking her pretty head with a smile as serious as his own, " you've got your faults and I've found'em out by this time, but there isn't another man in the world could have made me as happy as I. have been. I have never wanted more money than we have had, thank God. I can think kindly of poor Hetheridge now, but I never could abide to think of the man when he was alive. I've never been sorry for my. bar- gain, George." ^ "Nor I for mine," said Redwood. " You're a lot smarter than I am, for you've found out my faults and I've never set an eye on yours. That's your cunning in-, hiding 'em doubtless^ for being a woman you're bound to be chock full of failings, big and little." At that the wife laughed merrily and stooped to kiss him, and just then the church bells began to.ring. " There," said Mrs. Redwood, smoothing the locks her husband's caress had dis- ordered, " I shall have to do my hair again, and we shall he late for church. That's one.of your faults, George. ;You can never let a body kiss you without/hogging like a bear. I wonder how often: you, brought my back hair down before we got married, and made me ashamed to look my own mother in the face. Go on with your pipe and paper j I'll,be back in five minutes." She -ran merrily upstairs, and her hus- band shouldered his way into his coat, left his newspaper cn the table, and took his pipe into the garden, where he wandered up and down with an eye for the ripening fruit upon the ; trees. His thoughts were still with his old rival, and more than once he murmured to himself of popr.^ old Jack" Hetheridge, " Poer Jack !" In due time Mrs. Redwood, appearing with his hat and gloves, took his pipe from him, skimmed into the house with it, and returning gave à series pf final touches to his tie and whiskers, turned him round for inspection, pronounced him. fit to be seen for once in his life, and marshalled him off to church, quite as proud as she had been on that eventful day seven years ago, and a great deal happier. lu a quiet place like TJpnor any stranger is noticeable, but the married pair had not gone 100 yards upon their way when they encountered a stranger, who would have been noticeable almost anywhere. He was a tall, broad-shouldered man, but gaunt as a, greyhound and tanned almost to black- ness by the sun. ' He wore a great beard and moustache, so sun scorched that it had grown to be of no particular color. He was dressed in respectable pilot cloth, and wore his double-breasted pèacoat close buttoned. A. broad brimmed soft felt hat was stuck carelessly at the back of his head, and he smoked a short black pipe,an alrnoßt incred- ible thing for a man of respectable exterior to do in the streets of Upnor on a Sunday. In those days, when almost all men shaved scrupulously, the beard alone would have given the stranger a wild and outlandish aspect. But apart from this there was at first sight something outre in the man's appearance, a something in the large, paler grey-blue eyes, which, in their contrast with the tanned skin, looked almost color less, an expression as of one lost, a look altogether weird and uncanny. The stranger nodded as he passed, and said " Good day " in oivil fashion, and Redwood returned his salute. " That's an odd looking fellow, now," said Redwood, turning 100 yards further on to look after him. " Bub what a troubled face, George dear," replied his wife. " The man looks as if he had gone through a world of misery." " You women folk," retorted George, " are always fancying things. I'd lay a wager for my own part that the fellow was one of those rollicking chaps that never know what trouble is from year to year." " You'd lose your wager, George," his wife responded, tranquilly, "but, I don't suppose that either of us'll be able to find out anything about him, so where's the use of quarrelling ?" " Ah," said George, comfortably pressing the arm which lay within his own. " Where's the use of quarrelling P." They entered the churchyard, filled with scattered groups of churchgoers, exchang- ing harvest notes, news of the market, and all the little gossip of the place. The old church clock, by which all clocks and watches in and about Upnor were regu- lated, showed yet seven minutes to the hour, and George and his wife lingered at the churchyard gate and changed " good mornings" with their neighbors. Whilst they stood thus the bearded man came in sight again, looking uncertainly about him, as if in search of someone to appeal to. *' George," said Mrs. Redwood, " there is that man again,, He wants to speak to someone, I can tell it by his manner." Redwood had already set a foot forward with intent to cross over to the stranger, when tho man turned and accosted the individual nearest to him-an old fellow who, though a thousand times odder than himself in aspect, excited neither curiosity nor regard. He, too, went bearded in de flanee - of the general law, and was the more remarkable in that respect because the beard was of a most strange and un- usual red. Elf looks of the same color fell below his ears. A much battered, un brushed, old silk hat, a good deal too big for him, obscured his brows, and he wore blue glasses with a sort of blinker on either side. He was bent double at the hams, and his hands quivered paralytically on the pair of sticks whioh supported him. He was dressed in very shabby and dirty, black broadcloth, and what with his gen- eral slovenliness, his shuffling step, and hang-dog carriage of the head, looked to be a very disreputable old man indeed. The stranger stretched out a hand and laid it oh the old man's shoulder as he shuffled past. " I say matey," he began. The old man gave a nervous start, as if the grip and the sudden accost had fairly frightened him. " I'm not a goin' to hurt you," said the stranger. " You've got nothing to jump like that for. Tell me the way to Reynolds's farm." " I-know-not," the old man answered, with a strong foreign accent, and as if he found his words with difficulty., " I am 'ere sree monee. No more." He waved one of his sticks in the direc- tion of the churchyard gate, as if to indi- cate that there were people there who would be able to give the information asked for, and so shuffled paralytically on again. The stranger turned in obedience to the gesture, and Redwood made another step forward. "I beg your pardon if I'm wrong," be said, "but my wife here thought you wanted information. Can I give you any ?" " Why,yes," the stranger answered. "If you know the country side you can." " Well," said Redwood, with a little laugh, "X ought to know that if I know nothing else." " I want to find the way to Reynolds's farm," said the stranger, knocking the ashes from MB pipe on the palm of his great brown hand. ;~ " That's easily done," said Redwood. " There's the farm house over yonder j that red brick building with the three polars behind it. But you'll find nobody there. The place has been going to rack and ruin for the past two years." " Nobody there ?" said the stranger, falling back a step and staring at him. " Nobody there ? Not Mrs. Potter. ?" " No," said George ; " nobody." " Look here, matey," said the stranger, hooking him by the coat and speaking with a look and manner curiously and almost pathetically composed. " I've had a deal of trouble lately, an' I make mistakes. This is Upnor in the country of "Worcester- shire, ain't it ?" " Of course," Redwood affirmed. " Well, look here," said the man, " if you belong about here, you can't have helped hearing talk o' me. My name is Sam Potter. My uncle was old Jack Reynolds, and when he died he left me everything." " I am very glad to meet you, Mr, Potter," Redmond answered cordially, putting out his hand. Sam Potter took it half mechanically. "And my missis isn't here?" he said. "We hadn't been married a month when we lost sight of each other. I. know she got to England, for I've talked with the man aboard the ship she sailed in. I've been trying for this two years to get here, and why she isn't here before'me I don't know." " George, dear," Mrs. Redwood inter- posed, "don't you trouble about church this morning." " You are right, my dear," said George, " I won't. Come down to my house, Mr. Potter ; if you don't mind we'll have a talk and maybe I can be of service to you. You've been away a long time, haven't you?" " A goodish time," returned Potter, pass- ing his hand over his forehead as if to smooth a disordered thought. " Well, shall we go ?" " Yes, we'll go, matey, and thank you kindly." i ' The bell began to tingle spitefully as if in miuutary warning to late worshippers, and then stopped suddenly. Mrs. Redmond passed into church, and the two men walked down the street together. The bent old foreigner quivered on his sticks a few score yards away, but save for that quaint figure the road was deserted. " That's a queer old chap," said Red- wood, more for the sake of making talk than any other reason. "An old French fellow. I don't suppose he speaks a hun- dred words of English, and as it hap- pens there's nobody in Upnor that can change a word with him except myself. I'm no great shakes of a Frenchman, but I've got a sentence or two, you know, and I think the old boy likes to hear his native language now and then." They1 were level with the old man a minute later. " Bong jour, Andre," cried Redwood. " Commong voo porey voo, oe mating?" " Bien, monsieur, très bien," the old man answered. " That's right," said Redwood. " If fait, botong, eh ?" The old man gave an inarticulate grunt of assent, and Redwood and Sam Potter pursued their way together. " It pleases him," remarked the yeoman complacently, " to come across a bit of his own tongue now and then. That's about all I can give him, but, you see, it brisks him.up a bit." Sam answered that he dared to say it did, and walked on thoughtfully until Red- wood ushered him into the house. Potter sat down and set his hat upon the table. He drew out his pipe, a huge plug of to- bacco, and a clasp knife. " You don't, matey," he asked. " Not a bit," George answered. " I'll have a smoke myself." "I suppose," said Sam, shredding his tobacco coarsely and rubbing it between his palms. "I suppose you knew my uncle ?" "I knew him," Redwood answered, " as well as I knew anybody." " I suppose," Potter began again, "asj nobody could be likely to come down here and make inquiries without your hearing j of it ?" Redwood shook his head. " And you never heard about my little missis ?" "Never. I heard of you, of course j but I never even knew that you were mar- ried." "I got married in Melbourne in Austra- lia," said Potter. He had packed his pipe by this time, and now, striking a lucifer match on the leg of his trousers, he pulled away for half a minute in silence, and then, turning in his chair, asked suddenly, " Did you ever hear of aiMr. John Hethe ridge of these parts ?" , " " We were boys together," ^Redwood answered him. " Schoolmates. It's Beven years to-day since I saw the last of him. Poor old Jack. He was lost in the bush and died there.". «« I'm-if he did," Potter said, slowly »and weightily. " Look here, that man. was no more lost in the bush than I was, or you was, or the babe unborn was." " Why, look at this," cried Redwood, snatching the paper from the table and searching hastily for the paragraph he had read to his wife that morning. " Read that." Potter read it, tracing the lines with a clumsy forefinger. " Oh, I know all about that," said Potter. " I met him in Melbourne when the news was stale. He'd been dead six weeks when I came across him. I met him in his own house. He give me a smack at the back of the head, matey, as laid me there for dead. I was in the hos- pital 12 months along of it. Off and on my mind's withered with it now, and I suppose it always will be." " But why should Jack Hetheridge haye wanted to do you an injury?" asked Red- wood. " That's more than I can tell you, matey," Potter replied. " The only thing I know is, he done-it." " How did you know him?" Redwood asked. " What brought you in his house ?" " I don't remember," was the unexpected answer. " There's heaps of things I can't remember." rle passed his hand across his brow again, rubbing it heavily as if hythe mere physical pressure he hoped to straighten the inward tangle. " No," he said, hopelessly, " I can't remember." He looked at Redwood with an eye altogether vacant, and the yeoman feared ' that he had made acquaintance with a madman. He had had no experience of that genus, and he thought it reasonable to try and argue Potter out of what seemed an obvious hallucination. " You say," he began, " that you saw Hetheridge six weeks after he was reported dead?" " Yes," said Potter, " that's the truth." " Did you think it was his ghost ?" " No ; it was him right enough. Ghosts can't hit a chap and put him into hospital for 12 months. The back of my head was all bashed in like, Matey." " "What motive could he have ?" " Oh, he had motive enough. You make your mind easy about that, Matey." " Well, what was it ?" " My head goes wrong," said Potter. " I get it sometimes all as clear as daylight, and then it goes away again. There's only one thing as I don't forget. I never forget as it was Mr. John Hetheridge that done it. I shall lind him some day, and when I find him I shall haye his life." All this was, of course, to Redwood's mind, the merest madness. Tjhere was no reason for giving' the poor man's story so much as a moment's, credence. It was doubtful if he were even the man he sup- posed himself to be. To fancy he was Reynolds's heir and nephew might easily be as dreamy and unreal as the rest. He sat thinking thus, puning his pipe in silence, and had begun to consider how it would be easiest politely to dismiss his curious guest when Potter struck the table with a heavy hand.. " I've got it," he said almost passion- ately. " It was all about Bob Martin's little pell. Bob was my pal, and it was my right to take charge.of his little gell when he got murdered. Now I put that to any honest man, if it wasn't a pal's right more than a stranger's to take charge of a matey's kid when he got murdered ?" j Had Redwood known the story he would have followed Potter easily, but as it was the man's speech Bounded like the merest gibberish. . " I said to him, * look hore,' I says, * it's this way, matey, I've come in for my pro- perty, and me and my misBis is goin' to England by the ship as sails to-night. I shall lind my matey's child,' I told him, ' if it costs me every penny in the world,' You mind that, I says, ' I shall find her whithersoever she may be.' With that I turns my back on him and he knocks my brains out. I remember it now»" he con- cluded, " as well as if it were yesterday." Redwood was unaffectedly sorry for the poor fellow, but little disposed to give cre- dence to any of his fancies. . " I suppose," he said, after thinking for a while, " that you came through Lon- don?" " Yes," replied Potter. " Well, did you call on your late uncle's lawyer ?" Potter shook his head. " I sup- pose you know who he is ?" " It's slipped my mind, somehow. I don't remember." "Well, as it happens," Redwood said, " I do. I'll write hiB address down for you. There's a telegraph offi.ce only three miles away at the railway station. You walk over there in the morning and send a mes- sage to the lawyer. You ask him if he knows where your wife is. That's the best thing for you to do, you know." " Yes," said Potter, " that's the thing to . do." 