It ia bIwiwb nnpWsabt Ha Wre ta criticise of qtiestion the decisions of a Omirt ; bat there are occasions when it iB the duty of the independent journalist to enter a pnbliv protest against what appears to lie a mis carriage of justice. The absolute im partiality In tVc administration of th« law is the safeguard of the liberties, as it is tbe prerogative, of tbe British sub ject ; and, like Oaisar'n wifoj the deci sions in aU our Ooults should be above suspicion. Any attempt to draw a dividing line between defendants, what ever social position they may occupy, 'cannot be too promptly suppressed, the humblest unit of the community stands on precisely the same footing in our Law Courts as the Justice of the Peace, orthe^ most prominent citizen— all ar» eqtinl in the eves of the law, and no dis tinction tan Us permitted to enter tba Law Courts and taint tho sacrcduees of justice, la tbe words of the coble Gordon, ' By the help of God to hold the balance evenly between &U; men,' should be the axiom of our Jaw dispensers. Considerable surprise haa been expressed at the decision arrived aton Monday at tbe Police Court in the case brought by the police against Mr Charles H. Smith, of ? High-street, under the Larmceston Water Bnpply Act. It appears that water was supplied to the garden of tbe defendant through the usual meter, and charged for accordingly! bat a hose was atUohcd by defendant to the domestic supply tap, for the pnrposo of watering the lawni the water used for that pur pose not passing through the meter, tbe Council consequently being defrauded of the legitimate charge for the water so used. The whole proceedings in con nection with the case in the Police Court were most irregular. The de fendant, instead of pleading guilty or not gnilty, ^jas permitted to make a statement in which, however, he acknow ledged to the offence; but the Bench dis covered that although the defendant was guilty there was a difficulty in construing the Act, and the case was dismissed — despite the fact of the defendant having admitted tfitqfcnce I — on a tech nical objection raised by the Bench. Important as such procedure is to the pubh'c and to the status of the Court, the decision is also of great importance to tne (JounciL bechons 57 and 08 of the Water Supply Act pro vide that ' Every person who, without due authority, takes any water from any reservoir, watercourse, or conduit be longing to the Corporation, or any pipe leading to any such reservoir, watercourse, or conduit, or from any cis tern or other like place containing water belonging to the Corporation, other than such as may have to be pro vided For the gratuitous nse of the pubh'c, shall for every such ? rfienco incur a penalty not exceeding izU. Any person who makes any pipe to communicate with any waterwork or pipe of tbe Cor poration, without the authority of the Council in that behalf, shall incur a penalty not exceeding £20.' Now, we really cannot see any nsusual ambiguity about these sections. Thoy ar« shout as intelligible as the majority of laws framed by lawyers : but the decision of the Bench on Monday demonstrates plainly that the Mnncipal Council must take immediate action, by the passing of a hy-law, to protect the Corporation funds. According to the decision re ferred to, residents need not pay for water for gardening or irrigation pur poses. They have merely to attach a hoEe to the domestic supply pipe, and the ' difficulty of construing the Act' will enable them to set the Corporation at defiance with impunity ! We recently dealt with the terrible racial war which exists in some of the Southern States of America, and the last files to hand dhow that a bratality sanctioned, because not punished, by lniv ia rampant throughout tbe Black Belt, which tlireateus to develop into a war of extermination in the immediate future. The following instance token from the last files may be cited as a sample of tbe murderous conduct of whvte men belonging to a nation which chums to be in the van of civilisation : — A negro, arrested for tho murder of a woman, was taken from the sheriff, at Oxford, on January J5, and bnng to a telegraph post by o nwb, who a'ter wards fired four hundred revolver shots into the body of the unfortunate nun. The crowd then dispersed leaving the body hanging, and, of course, the mnr derers being whitcB and the murdered a rjecxo, no attempt at arrest was made. Our cablegrams have recently an nounced that during one of the nume rous fights, in Kentucky, between whites and blacks ihree negroes were killed, and four were wounded. The wounded men were then tied to piles aad burned to death. A lev years ago Mr Gladstone made England ring with the Bulgarian atrocities, and fllmnst plunged Orreat £ntam into war to secure an amelioration of the con dition of Ilia wro-ched Bulgarian Tic tims of TurkUh cruelty ; but a pnrus&l; ef the dsily Press of th« United States reveals atrocities— not committed by Turke or Mohammedans, but by white men, professed Christians, snd clsiuinnt; for tbe front rank of civiusation — wuicn ior coia-oiooaea brutality, for dine! connivance of law, liiive iiercr been exceeded by any Bal gnrian atrocity. Admirers of United States polities would learn a valuahla lesson if they substituted fur the vain glorious inisstaVeHtf'nts of historians o[ the JJryce stamp a peruFal of thr- dnily Press of the country, vflrch reveals the actual condition of the political and social life of the country. CiTr Police Court.— At tho City P.-J'oe Court yesterday, before M5Bi:s B. Whiife!d and F Kisu5eld J 'sP two orphans, named Florence Maty Buth and Emily Maria Bueh, *-ra ordered to be Bent to the Gins' In dustrial ^chool at Laineeston nnler fiction 5 tub ?ectv.m 8 of the Induttrial School* Art, leGf, for {our years and six years re sp.-cti-My. BrjACONRFIELD — Onr corrttpondent wrote on MoBday : — At the Wesleyan Obnrch to night, Misri Ackermanu lectured to & large niioienu? on &HB; oujeciA ana a u-v vi vjjr Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Mr J Danrs was i-i the oliair. Mm Black also oc^ny-iEd a ten*, on tbe p'atform, and made (ii^ announcements concerning tbQ future work of Mica Ackc- rmam in ReaconsScld, An crBcicnt cboir render'd suitable mu6ic dorinij tbe evening. Miss Bwi.inntcm pre. itfcd lit tbe orpan. EouTHKEwooD'e ooaijh for Ijefroy leaves PoEt Office daily ct 11 a.m.; leaves Lafroy idly at 8 a.m.— [ABVT.] HAatiBTi^-O|it^Donwp6ndeat writes J — Ch. hiOTMtthan^fclrjng MtjilSo was W.d ** ot, iHuy's ^3hW}ou 0n Su&a;&y; last The Bflifjoe was «a«trfiiUj»f#M»ted by tbe ladies ot tie congregation -Kith com, dowers, iniss, eta Appropriate (Wnttone were frSaohed niorrJng Ana evening to large congregations by the incumbent, the BeT. Oaaon Adame, and epec'id harrert hymoi Were ^rendered by the choir under -the able louicieMp oitbo ehjir-mutar, Mi a.- *raadett, ^ Mrs Lick presided at the oxgaa. — XbedaUeotlon which amounted to £8 9« sa.'twSTh aid -otllie re pairs fund. I tun Ittrrv to Wr Mere is pres!ta* need tof.contabBUb'nsttr ihlfi fund, as jtoce the last earth '^mori settlement baitaken place intbectiaiibelciid,and .thceatt wall reveals several serious cracks Of tonne this needs immediate attention or the safety ol the building will be Imperilled. Tbe churchwardens are hoping that those of . the congregation who have been blessed with ah abundant harvest willeibucrlbelibaraUy tor this object. The Jdbilbi BrHOBBi.— Thi Jnblle: Singers, who are now working the Inter mediate townships between here and Eobart, open at the Academy of Music on Monday next ior a short reason of. fix. nights only. Tier are meeting with great eucoeii and it it a theme of general comment that their stt'gjig is superior to when latt here some Toais ago. Theti rendering of ' Steal anay to Jesus' and the 'Lord's Prayer,' ' Ibe winter will aoan be over' is of the mobt soul-stirring deicrlptlon. One portion of the programme is devoted to secular muBiCi which gives etch of tb« soloists an opportunity to b% judged on ttieir merit?. The mile quartet in spoken of as the best that luu lisan heard is the colonies. Bobs. — Our correspondent reporis : — A oouosrt was hrld here on Friday, the 11th ln.t , at tbe Town Hall, In aid ol the Town HaU Fund. The attendance wri mednately good; An e&ce;'ilent programmowas rendered. The msnagemett was In the hands of Xr -3. Stuart HutchiEon, and was an entire success. The following took part : — Mosdamcs Big gall, B. ' O. -Kfirmode, .faxraniore ; AlUsH Hi gall, F. Foster, Bill, Power (2), Hart; Messrs. J. and G. S. Hutchison, Fie ding, O. W. Berliner, jnn , J. Blchards.— I nnderstand it is intended that the Statu rchoo! cblidron, will viilt the Exhibition next SatnrdaM Mi Price, onr Council clerk, has takeu the matter in hand) and started a subPGription hit to defrat t*Denses. Hit Wo.'Ehiu the Warden «.nd iTOnclUora bave liberally sub scribed towards it, and I havo ro doubt their example will be fo'Jowed by tbe residents of the district. — The Jubilee Singers appear here to-morrow evening, and 1 have no doubt bat tbat they will be greeted with a large audience. — Our temperance friends have secured the rervices of. Miss Jesue Acktar m-nn, who will deliver lectures ia the Town Hall, on Wednesday an i Thursday evenings next. TBBV1I.I.TN Towu BOAED.— The secre tary reports that u meeting of the brard was held on Monday, when tbere were present — Messrs. Arthur Evans (chairman), Hart, Higgs, and Dudley. The secretary read a statement of accounts for the Trevallyn No. 2 aacount, weges, eta. Partita ol the Town Boards Act were then discussed, and it w&a; revived that immediate steps b? tal»n to obtain the title to South Bsk Park, an« that Mr Higgs be authorised to prepare a diagram and transfer for signa'ure by TfirBsrncs. The secretary was authorised to procuiea common seal for the u-a ol tbe board, it was decided that the meeting fr r 1ho annual election of xaembcis t&ks; ri'ce next month, when Messrs. Hart, Dudley, and M'Koy retire by eflluxion of rime The secretary was in f.tmcted to prenaie the npual notices it quired by the Act. fievcal accounts were then parsed for payment, and the hoard UK6ASITAHV HousrS.— At tbe last, rceit ing of tie Locil B.mrdof Health tbre; h us ?? in Bathurst-st-cct acd oae in VJmbeUi street were coudemned lit unfit for hunian habitation or oscupatii;,, and ih? Town C'eik was directed t? cnnie the req?''sita uotic^s to quit the p-e^ifccs. 'ffc« penalty ior ioh comjlicno- with tli» order may reach £5 a day, and cannot he less thai His TttVONPOET — Ou* correspondent wrote yotterday :— Tbe fi jaaci»l result of the recent D.F.9. demonstration on the 10th has proved as successful as the gathering diJ frcm a S'wial or pportiig point of view, nearly £30 beicg talc«n at the gates, whil-t thr. concctt realiteJ £10. but a complete account of tbe receipts and expenditure will b? available after tl:e ciumttM meeting on Prid»y «ven ing, and the surplus will be equally divided between the threa s-cieliee represented. Four newspaper rep' rt* that 1 have read nnito in according the inilial gatbsrinc; to hava been a sucsesJ a -d Itia tb(»rcfora matter for reg-et tba*. owing to tbe breach of f.itb over tbe ings has bean greatly jpopardiecd, and although in interc£'edqu*r£cr?tbeB'.!chabi'e- havo been blamed f ir their a:tion, yet those ii fnll pofBcstor; of the facts relating to *bc bo-th acquit them ot anj -dishonorable action. LoNOFOfiD.— Our correspondent reports: — A committee meeting of the United Friendly Societies UemjCB'Jation w-.s held on Satur d&y; evcDiog, wbea there was a good at'.end anos. The tender of the Longford band W3B acoepted to play on Kas'er ifonday, aud tbe dinner was left to the ohiirman to arrange, after which tbe programme of sports wa9 ar ranged among which I notice a £i handicap, llOyda, a liicjcl', and several other mioor event*. A full programme: will he published shortly, and it was decided to winj up with a late dance fn tbe As-enably-room. — On Sun day spec'.al missionary services wer4 held in ObriBt's Church. The Bev. J. S. Gribble, a miBsionary, who ? has labored &moig; tbe natives of Norficrn Q leenshmd for s-.vtrol yeftw, delivftred an addreEB ra?ruing aod even t inc*, and in bh earnest and impressive man ner explained (he condition of the people In the afterniou he addressed the children, and Pomoo. the native bov. sa^e a hvmn. On Monday evaniog the rev. gentli»rpan gave a lezlare in tin school-room, which was largely attended ; eome lime-lfcht views were nemof the Vacta. Ppeclalcollesions were ira^e towaTds th:s particu'ar mission — Tbe quarterly meeting of the *O?. was h Id on Monday aight, when there ra^ a good ni tendanoe. The receip's were *4S Is, b*ing tbe largest biking for sometime. An otto from Arch--r and Ckmois, on b: half ot Mr I. Ncaki-, to sell t»e A*85mb!y.r.iom=, was authorises to offer a In r mm^Vi^J.^tl Ftoivart iv« ns-eliated aad'for, ani Bro. W. Sturges elected B C.B., vfa Bro. C. Mohr, re signed. Nobthkbs Agbicditt/jijil pooiet-t — Our correspondnnt reports : — Th- smuftl meetioi? of the above was held on Monday, H'.b March, at th* Blenheim liol.ol. There was « fair attendance nt raf.oibirs, and Mr J. Archer presided. The minutcB of the last jheet, showing rscefpifl for the rfiflt Te»r £487 11« H ; expenditure, imcludln? drfiit ba'ajiee *l«o V» 6 d from 1««* y»w,*B4 1 6i 9-! ; l««»iag a delit habni«e of *fBR Ui M. The esairmaa, ia moviag tb« ad^pMoa M the rsport and ^2l&Tii;*^ine*t, vai-1 ae vu sorry thf.ttbe 9 e'etrirtg nitlAa litc'cr p-»((ioD, and thoie who tnik the le»i' iuterect in i-. wem the fint to crj out «(ra!n«t it. Mr H. R Damarerq rersndei the motisi. and it waft carried. The foil '-wins' officers were elected ? — PruFident. Mr J. Archer (re-oJcet-ai ; vi»e pi^aioeiun. J3e*J?JT»- a. n. uamarcsq, M.rt.A.., and H. Gateuby; secretary, JfrT. K .4r!bui' trtasnrer, Mr A. VThl'Ud. Tho ni'-jn'.-rs of the council were r,-elniie3 »t:tli Mespri ii. firubb and B O. Fi.'ld added. A lujrerj tion was made to reduce tbe mrimb^r«' fee from £2 to fil, but th's ww u^t enteit-..iiad, aud au appl'o^tion from the c-ci'nfr club to fate. A oir'ular fr.--m Wr H K. Pcrr.v hon Bocre'aty of the Tumauian Exliihilion Tr:- due? 6how was re.id. A committee, con^ifit^ ing of MFE»rs. Dumj.roiq. Gatenbr. Bmmnr trchcr. Tbirkeil, O'Oonmr, Fakinc-, o-id the BPCT£t*ry, was appointed to inspect -bc cattle ya'dp, aad rfp^rt r.i tbe ne*t mpetiyp,' and a BuVj^cription list wa« pained round in th* room to defray the eof-t of ere=tinn of new vsrdf, «36 be'ng ButRTilicd. A vot^ -£ tbanWs to the eaurman concluded th^ meeting ^BT!»TI0 ? It will l-j. Fren 1 y onr sdver tfaing columns lo-day tbat Fimethirp entirely new in Launeeston in the production nf staretweopie photography in announced. Mr S. Bpvriinp. photographer, JrVflbane-street. ha^ pQCO'eded in printing a series of 1 c\l views on glau tratipparencies. The e ie?:al ?nvanttgc ot this procem » that all the details and delicacy of tbe nigative ore shown to ranch Ereat*r p°.tfecti.^n thai obtairs in the ordinary lmnrints on paper, eltlioogb the artist give* 1h'« Eamc vfei» by Iwtli frocosaea The views include Uio Catar&at; Gorge in flood, 'etc., city scene*, Com Linn, end others, and the whole scries are perfect g*mfl ol art, A t^ijDiN- WEflnraa.^^At^fiJ«ravlllo, golden weddlDg;anil3-t ine hearty oongratri' latfons of a wide lireleot friends who were present at nn at home and banquet, 4jven'-o ion« oi tbe BnEblolonB oteaelfc: X)n-Wrt health of Me and Mrs DoderybotDg proposed, tbe company iohsrea 'the toast wilh -W- enthueiaitic nsponse. In {replying, Mr noderv mentioned that the whole of their lone married liffi had been wient at liongford, that alKHiir large iamily are ail«, andwith one eipaptlon, that of all infant, all the grand^uldrerrwefe ajlve and f^elL ffiati? handsome jireients -srere received by the venerable pair, ai well as numerous eongratn ? latory letters and telegrams. To-night the feirtivities wiU eonclcdo with a Cinderella dance to thi grandchildren of. ifc aud Mrs Dodery and their friends. THfl OUffltBUt OP NOBTHSBH QOKENB tiKD—Thfa was the sabiectofM address daUverolinthe2emorial-Iliiiroh list right [-y the Bev. J. B. Gribb'e, F.B.G.8. There was a laree attendance, and tbe rev, gentle* man's remarks, which were Illustrated with msgic lantern views, were frequently loudly applauded. Daring the evening tile native bay Pomposaog 'Jesus loves me,' and re paatod the Lord's prayer. Habvest Festival — As a supplement to the harvest thanksgiving which took place in the Launceaton Tabernac'e on Sunday last, a harvest festival took p'ace laab night, at which there was a la'ffc congregation. M?lor A. J. Olnrke occupied tho obⅈ, and delivered a short address, in which be ex pressed his pleasure at Beeing so many present at tbe first seivlce of its kind held in the church. Mr O. Adams also spoke to the same effect. Groat pains have be?n tuteti by the ladies of the fionfirpcatiori in the decora tion of the building with Dowers, fruits, and vegetables, and the l'.elor in his remarks mnde sp2cial r-sferen.ee to their eucceBjfnl efforts. Under tbe condnctorship of Mr A. Parno the choir, assisted by the string band, rendered several selectors, and a very pleas ing as! appropriate recitntim was given by MJss E. Broomby. being well received. A. small charge for admission was made, and tbe prooeeds, together with the amount realised bj the sale of the vegetables, fruit, etc., will hi devoted towards the funds of the T«hs, nucle Seanfil, a paper of which, we are jof.rnnd, 1600 copies n weak are dUtribsted free. Ths Portal Oontebbncb. — The follow isg colonial representatives to the Postal Conference, which commences at Hobart to dav arrived here yesterday by the SB. . Boo mahana:— Victoria— HonJ.O. Duffy, Post master-General, and Mr James Spibeit,' Deputy Postmaster-General. South Australia — Hon. W. Oopely, Minister of JMat/Omce, and MrO. Torid, 0.M.G, Pormaaent Hcadi Qaeensland — Hon. T. Tjamaek, Postmistfr Gcncral, and Mr J. M'DonncU, Secretary. The party were met on arrival by Mr T. 0. Ju&t;, secretary to tbe conference, and Mr B. Heary, sup .rintendent ol telegraphs, and all proceeded to Hobart by the express train. Primitive Methodist Houe Missions. — Fo'.lowinp the special a.rvice in connection W1LU iuc irnmii'ivc ulc^uuwh auuic uluoiuub of Sunday last, a eiroait tea (™k piece last evening in tbe sohoolroom, n public meeting being alterwards held. Abont 120 Bit down to te \, ai d at the mee'ing ^hieh followed a short lecture on '? The Life of George VTbit fls'd' was de'ivorcd by tb» Bev C. Anthony. tuuelc wae contributed by the choir. 'T-xBiBiTroH Skit Book'— From the publiEhsr, Mr T. Sharp', we have rescived a Jipy of tie 'Exhibition Slit' Book '-* number of Ek.otch'6 nf pro:nincat men in connection wiih tbclCxhibitiim1. Tne sketches are ffom the pencil of Mr A. Vi'i'cnr, who undoab'eily p?S3-85i? on-i-'dsrabli ta'e^it in this ,1irect!m Seveml of the iketchfs a^e really g^d, acrl tho boot w'll prove whit it in rtwignated to be — ' e. memento from the T«=nwniau Kxhibition. There is a commend aVil-' abjeuce of tbat I; gall or s*t!re wbich Vtes iu^ breast,' g iod nature and baTmles? oaric ? ture n«rvAdimr tbe Hketch»s. The book ha» b^en lith-rrsphod a-.d printed at the Daily Tvltnraph nfEce, nnd is a most crcdit a'jlc s :mple ct I'ics.1 «rers Tuo ' Stit Biofc ' ivt'l prove a very E™its.blc ouvenir of the Exhibition, and doa'jtloss will meat with ready rale. Fba?;kfoed — Our correspondent rep-rts : — * concert took p'ace at the Farmer's Olub i-oron pn Thuri-day i*M. Tbem was a good attend tncs, aud a gord programme wan Ten dered. Mies lSjrton wa6 in ap'oodld, vo:ci, O. Eeed g^ve three aonKf. and hie rich voi:e wa3 b;ard to great, adrautage in hia lait fiong. «'lii^h was m'St d.escrvt'dly eacored Mi?s Mog -y Ban r with jjreat effect, as did Mr Royle- Tee comic e-ment was in t'e hands ol Messrs. ilprgm and J. J. Dura d, bM.h of whom acquitted thetnEelvef ia t':eir usual maDncr. Mr Humphry a'd Miss Mosey ft^tcd an accosapiniat*.— On Batur^ay the Tiio.A trout h'ild their mee ine at the clu1! room. Prment — Messrs. J. Leilo (in tbe chwr), lUttbewR, A. C. Becd, W. Livell, and M. Tra 1, Mi Pinaingtou'e lender for keep ing tbe road clear was accepted, flnd ssvirA1 acoiunt? w-.-re parsed for varment. Mi Jobn LelloeTid Mr&lnnhawB; retired, and neither seek re-e!eatton Mr J. LeLlo ia leaving for SaglAnd on a visit. Wbbt TiMAB. — Our correspondent re ports: — The inquest on the bixiy of tbe child Theresa Wing, who vr&i; accideataUy shot by her brother, was held to day (Mon day) at th= residence ot the father, whjn tte iurv returned n verdict of RKidea^al death. The ftmrrai took plf\ce the same afternoon, tho body being baried in the 'cemetery nt-a~hed in Win derm tire Ohurdi, the Bev. S. Hcrt officiating Much sympathy in felt for Mr and Mxa Wing and family.— I hear that EM.S, Kitoomba is going to pay us another vurft, bnt tneir BUy wiU only be for a few days, which all will be very eorry to h-ir.— The crors in this dfetriot have on tbe averaw turned ont very wel]t one paddock of whsat go?n,? 27$ bafJie'B to (he acre ; the average for oats ie about 35 bushel*. BnOTAi, A691TJLT— Lss'. night, abort y before II oVI-refc. crieg of 'Murder' were heard in 0 -nrge -street, and, attracted b.7 t'ie j ^notion ot Geirge and Tort etree-B One of t.\c firft to arrive etates that he flaw a man 1 viug on hi« bick near tbe *-loilonUn Hotel, a^d Riothcr ^vas o*i tho ground high t nD toward* tbe La-k-mii:. Upon the arriv.il of the po'ice i.hc two njeti, wli^-a; panics nT0 Joba Growl^.y »\nd Mexv^dei Davip, w?re fonnd with their fft^es c veroa wjih blood, one of them, being bvily woun Ird in the bead The former states th it a nain named Charlfa Stewart illtreatci him, nided by hie a^nciatc?. Davfn dfi not neem to remember anything «bnnt the a-sault. Tasmanian «late.— To iUy (says tbe Mrrrvrynl Tata^O t^ere wiU bo shipped for Melbourne a Bpl^mdid BpeMtnen of t^e ?Ute recently diF«o*erel at H'Bobie'n Gully, on tho Oofcide Br wary Conapanv*s pro p-rtv. A Plab of PoMd filat« meas-irW 8ft by aft, nind 8itt thick, will bi configa^d to AlcCHjk and Company, tha celebrated m«aii fietursMof bJUiftrd tab'ca wh*- wjll split, it dnwa end conrrrl i^ in^o Ml!i»rd table beds. A ranch Urger eUb, in fact anj 4n.9nt.ty of fUbn, could W o-itaioed fre-n *he solid ?irata, bat the rlfflcnlty of traiHit at pre pcnt preventi this. The quarry, liowever, is in a petition wherce at trifling cost a trara*ay may be laid onn^M-g with tbe Tramway Company's line, which in n, rfiTt tim* w^i be laid a^oni? tbe OA«oftde-road and exierdinR down Marqiarie-Btrcet, and thea th- inpriip oc thU new find will be fairly Hov-'lr-p'^. Kxpflrtfl Hsy (here ia an almost u 1 limited quantify nf god e-Jid ^ate, easily tunV-p, maiiteloicie*, pi'.aatcra, and Iho mftay o her potp-wca for wmcu thie valuaV-c ami, at tii3C3, expensive material cao. be ntilised. Mr John Rprf ni !)3r u ?h nntifia by nd va icave 1 wnceBtov at U;e end of March for a for+.night'a holiday. O,viog to «. roTisidiriibie norenps or haein'ss id eacn cepan,tieat ne bsB been cunjtellcd through overwork to sppV T'Bt. Comoinn^ciMonB may be left ftt 51 ptLterfiou-fifreet, ts usnil Heesn Wn'c'i Brothers a*:d Biroball eend as a c.'pv of ' H«ra Ghat1-- Stores,' bring tba Now Year's ex^ni number of The Rsvi&v;} af ftrripu)* In the Christmas numbar tbe editor— Mr W. T. Stead— fltatc) that the i*6ue did not cibauet lite euppTy of ' Eeal Ghost fitoriea.' hence tbe appearanoa of the prcpent series of tbriUlng incidents the Wesleyan Oh u rob, Patteraon -fitreet, this A eeneT%\ meeting of the Hallway Gn plo- 1* Aswcmtion will be held at tbe Work men'fi O!ub to-morrow evening Harvcfl!' Ibantsgivtnjj eervircH will be held et St Andrew's, Weitbury, on Sunday next. A.bsBanr snd fancy fair in aid of tbe Campbell Town Racing- Olub will be beld »t Lawaon'fl Hotel thi* nftomoon, and will be continued to-morrow evening. 