WEST AUSTRALIA AS A FIELD FOR LABOR. Labor telegrams from the East continue to reveal information of a distressing character. Meetings of unemployed are being held all over Melbourne and the suburbs. The Mayor of Richmond is disbursing charitable relief, and the names of prominent and representative workmen, who have hitherto kept aloof from such agitations, are fignsingon deputations and committees of the unemployed at the present time. In New South Wales matters are little better. Property is being slaughtered under the hammer; streets of empty houses discourage speculation and stand between the buildiug trade aud the baker; meetings of unemployed there, too, assemble round the Queen's statue hard-by the Government Mint and the Public Treasury. From Queensland come wailings of want that sound like meanings of misery wafted from the Old World—famishing people scrambling, sweating, swearing, elbowing each other out of opportunity in a multitudinous rush for bread ; the " weaker ves.se]s" broken in the strife: women fainting in the street waiting their orders for relief. & # * These appalling facts read in conjunction with the Disabilities of Labor in England.as,indeed,also in America, are not without significance for ourselves. So universal is the apparition of poverty that there remain few exempt from its presence: the ghost walks all civilised countries, and has turned, to haunting this new world with more ominous frequency. The land of the golden ileeee has become a valley of dry bones, and in Australia, as elsewhere, the desire is for the iniipired and prophetic thinker who shall make them live. It is not our province in this connection to inquire into the causes of the congestion in the labor market; it is sufficient for our purpose to affirm that the causes are not local—i hey are planetary and inseparable from existing conditions of civilisation ; and also to affirm that as we become more civilised on existing lines, the congestion in labor will extend. The clay is hardening, and will never be more plastic than it is to-day. <* * # The far West of Australia offers an asylum to the oppressed of the great cities of this day as the western slopes of America afforded a retreat half a half a century ago, and if those who have settled here, and those who come to settle are wise, they will joyfully surrender the pageantry and poverty of great cities for the rustic home and rugged, healthful life of Western pioneers. The idea of cultivating great, areas on commercial principles, and growing wheat for Mark-lane, London, may not be impracticable, since some are already doing so; but to the majority of new comers, glad to escape from precarious employment in populous countries, the possibility of living without a taskmaster other than natural physical wants, should nerve them to energies which will make an oasis of the wilderness to give seed to the sower and bread to the eater. * * * It is to the credit of the new comers here that they are not so given to croaking as the old identities and members of Parliament, who are afraid of a large infusion of new blood and the active hope and creative energy which a new country inspires iu the breast of a trne immigrant. But we have heard even newcomers complain, and have seen them look back with pathetic tenderness on the land of their industrial captivity, where they were compelled to make bricks without straw, and we have thought their discontent with the West the more vigorous and more robust, because it issued from a full stomach. At the present time there is no part of Australia more iuvitiug than the Western province; and those who have the good fortune to be here had better bear the ills they have than fly to others that they know not of. # * # Of the camp followers of progress we shall soon have great numbers, attracted by our public works iu Fremantle aud iu the country. Of these a few only will become useful settlers, but those who are attracted by the vast area of our public estate, and who intend to be factors of our progress, will, by contented serf lament., secure to themselves and posterity the advantages which only new countries can bestow. # * * Nothing should more resolutely nerve the workers of West Australia to make the best of the opportunities around them, than the disclosures referred to above. Iu nine cases out of ten, those who express themselves as dissatisfied with what they fiud here could not better their condition, at the present time, in any part of the world. The odds are the other way—they would step out of the pan into the fire. The tendency of telegraphy and rapid means of transit is to equalise the labor markets of the world; and only those places which are difficult of access, or which possess a small population in proportion to laud areas, are relieved, for a time, from the infiuence of this law. Those who have been eye witnesses of the rise aud decline of opportunities in other provinces know that for a few years to come West Australia will furnish a repetition of the good chances which elsewhere are for ever gone. That they will vanish here, too, is equally certain. The tide is just beginning to flow : it will rise to the full, soon or later—its ebb is as certain as the setting of the rising sun. If those who art heie, or may yet come, fail to read the signs of thw times, or fail to cross the bar on the full tide, the receding waters will sweep them into the open sea, or lej^ye them stranded. " There is a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune"; and, to all but pessimistic parliamentarians and fretful adventurers, such a tide is making in the West. 