LONG DISTANGE TELEPHONY, THE inventor of the telephone has much to answer for, as he is indirectly re sponesible for vast quantities of cursory remarks which would have been unuttered if he had not given up his time to the study of electric science. The weird sounds that are often heard proceeding from that instrument, accompanied by the ghosts of a dozen voices speaking all at once, often puzzle the person who is endeavouring to place himself iu communication with another whose chief characteristic is his efficienoy in ringing the signal bell. When the aatempt to hear is given up in despair, the signl again begins, and it is evident that the small boy of the establishment has been ordered to take charge of the machine. But science never halls in its career, and the ordinary troubles in connection with the instrument are to be increased with khe establishment of long. distance tslephony. 'everthelces, we have to pay for living in the midst of civilization, and the troublee sonnected with speaking between Newcastle and Melbourne may not be greater than those connected with signal ling from Honeysuckle Point to the Ex change. Already communication by tele phone is carried on between Sydney and -elbourne, a .distance of 600 miles, and persons can talk freely with each other in the two cities. Nay, a person in Tamworth was able, by the mysterious process of electric induction, to hear, on a telephone connected with a separate wire, the voices of persons speaking in Sydney and Melbourne Conversation was also carried ont between Sydney, Armidale, and Albury. When these results are achieved over such a long distince, the time cannot be very far dis tant i which Newcastle will be connected with the metropolis in a similar manner. Citizens will soon be able to come to the ex change, plank down heir shillings, and listen for half an hour to the splendid orations delivered on some burning question by the city and county representatives in the Mac quaris-street talking-shop; or, better still, to the warbling of some queen of song in one of the places of publio amusement in the capital. 