THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a Bfomach," said a wealthy American recently. Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but be was not able to buy the article even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, IB not bo rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all be bad for one thing be hadn't got Here is bis story, and he shall tell it in bis own way, Mr. Gaskin goes on to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In Deoember, 1882. whilst living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter bo thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ' fill up' and my throat would Bwell so I couldn't button my Bbirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowisb-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted aud short of breath and had to call the dootor, and was in bed five or six weeks, " I then went as out-patient to the Not tingham HoBpitnl, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends Baid it was all Up With me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me a recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, how ever, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two dootors at Derby. The first one paid, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and must die; the other doctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads, " (Jetting a trifle better my old master' allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down com pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm. 8ometimtB"a8 much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear . (hi phlegm would choke me, At this time the whiteB of my eyts turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and paicbed aud I often broko out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep notbing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I bad to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands-nothing but Bkin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending mo, but he said, ' I can-do you no grod; I can only patch you up, because your lungs arc diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s. a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said,1 Well, you won't ctvgh much lonuer, you hive merely to prepare for another world.' "About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named JoBeph Taiham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you. ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup?' and told me bow he had been cured after being in the hospital. He Bpoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my I wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria Street. After the first dose I had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep aud felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing-got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improve ment, and I told' him. as I tell every one, that M-.ther Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. 1 commenced work. at once, and have never lost a u ay'B work since. I " Of coarse, my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup fr six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever 6ince." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? N<t galloping cm*umption, ertainly(as one of the docto>s thought), or he would have gal oped tnt; his grave in less thin three months, instead of growing worse for seven yeaTB. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic catarrh), which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel'a Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestim fract 'o yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. (gaskla on his reeovory, and corotnend the facta of his cobs te all thinking people. 