NOVEL. A Fair Blockade Breaker. BY T. C DE LEON. ? CHAPTER XII.— OoNnumD. ' Bat — should any one ehanoe 10 oome ? ' * In that impossible oase, one woman might perhaps be safer than, two,' she ane. wered, with one of W rare smiles. ' Tour deteotion would be ruin.' * Bat I cannot leave yon unprotected.' ' I am not.' The smile lingered ; and she pointed to the revolver lying on the dresser. ' Bat no oue will ooaie : 'tis absurd to think of it. - Yon must go : I gave my soletm* pledge — —to Bess. She will be so anzioat about- ? me !' ; The man still argued, protested, wavered. The woman was gentle, bat firm, unyield ing. So, finally, end with reluotant feet, be moved towards the bidden horse, hitohicp up in baste and with assistance, at strap and huokle, from little hands as deft as they were taper. For them on waB low in the west, throwirg deep, long shadows from the trees,, as MoKee mounted tho seat and held out his hand. . . 'I must obey yon,' he said, half sheep ishly, ? aa you insist so strennously. Go down coon to the creek. God waioh ana speed you, Miss Clay ! Ton are the bravest woman I ever met.* \- May He keep (and protept you, Willie MoKeu !' she answered, warmly. ' I owe you a debt, that .words cannot express Good- by I and may .Bessie reward yon alwayp, for loyalty to her friend !' \ Shes.iood wrapped in deep thonght, as he turned into the roadway, trotting rapidly northward.^ Then she turned slowly to ttie cabin, end snnk into a chair, again ques tioning the ooalB as to the future- and ? tht put. ??..-?.-? : As HoE-e turned into the road, two dimly-outlined figures, In shadow of the frees, moved ' noiselessly farther into' the woods. Both peered out intently at ihr psBsiDR-tnp and its strange oreupanl, but both remained silent as ghosts until they tattled out of sight. ! ?A; »omani =Wbat oan it mean P one queried. '??-.. 0 'It is all right,' the other answered. 'That is Carroll Meredith's trap, and, 1 thinV, hi s old servant. She must he there I' He pointed to the, duUVglowing window of the cabin ; and both men, still keeping oloee in the skirt of the woods, crept noieele-sl-p np*napeered'inio'tt eagerly. ' . ?Bbeis Were ! IW's-^— * the first upeikW began ; 'one'firm haul over his mouth, the other fcnllinglim down' beneath the sill, a* Mies Olay quiokly turned her eyes from fin to winuowv . 'Am I growing nervous f' she said to herself; with a half-smile. ? I really fancied I hem a a whisper there. Carolyn Clay, 1 am ashamed of yonr powardioe I' The two ebBdowy;fijtun-s had withdrawn to*Someuiatanoe,-the first speaker again to break silence. - ?' ' ?Why-notl' ha Whispered, eBgerly '.Tbe coast is dear. Let me go in and speak— ? ' ' First, let me remind you to remember yonr' pledge,' the' other broke in. 'I mum b«*inHthe oiry. bj.dawn' Ton an- to go ? lone; but I hold you to yonr oath, jn spirit as.in letter 1 Bemiinberl 'Absolute silenoe ? '-' ?Wbteven'to— -' ? ? ? ?To none, sav« to him 1, 0n» » hi-per, onoiint, might ruin all. More lives than' yours and mine depend upon it ' 'I wilT ehey,'_ was the answer. ? God knows I oan never cancel my debt to you ! Without toy oath, your wish would -be my, law' I will be silent end obfyl' ' ?Booriirb ! Irrust-you ! vft held ont hi b»nd .HIaoomrmuion;/irnii.Maiit, landing quite still, a» ft win wfcharawnijrfth «,me thing like a groan— and the1 man. passed rapidly away into th* shadows. I v . . . - Jl moment later, Hi»s CUy again' stairrrd, . — this time to her feet. There was so mia takej a. -ett-p founded without, approaibing the oabin. Quiokly the girl grasped the revolver, levelling it, aa a soft tap sounded o* the -door. .?-???? A sharp oliok sounded warning simultane ously wit* her calm call,— ?Oomolnl1 :^ - ? '?'? ??? ;-,. ?3Sui a«or swung -'slowly, open ; and tfce finlight showed Kor a 'stalwart 'isgan,: dressed in toe very height of 'loudest f union. . .' : j''1,'' _ Then a ory hrnke: from her lip« ; and next instant i4- w»b folded in the *rn»i tt EvaB Panntlerayl /?' : CHAFCpinctU. :- of amp HOBTOIf. .^aeicea in with oompanionB in misery, on '.*i: ? '??'? '??'? '? ? -'?? :': i thoprfMn.tratn, that frosty Baltimore Bun day, Evan Faun tloroy had wrapped himself in his newfonnd ulster and closed hi- eyes Bat wide-awake thoughts peopled his brain; and frequently his band crept to f-e iodloa tid pocket, feeling for the euspinious paper barely detected nndert e heavy 'loth. But, through warp and- wnof, the little paper actually bnrned the anxione by Was it a hint to esospe P he thonght. If no, prrLapJ he was luring the previous moment. N.1'; it mu^t be news of Carolv n Clay,— how she had managed to elude her careful oaptors. Or perhaps that paper was a trap, only to lure him to deteotion and . rougher treatment. No, indeed ! Tho eyes of the girl bad told him he oonld truBt tue writer. And what eyes they were I He oonld fee them now, through his closed lids ; and he rambled in thought after that ro mance, as tbe sun sank lower in tbBt west .towards whioh tbe train was whirling him to fast. With the fading light, asxlely oame baok, and he felt onoe more for the .paper, eagerly, bat cautiously, slipping his hand in the pooket and breaking the threads where they felt weakest. Then, with eyes fastened upon the sleepy eased, he opened a cheap Bible, tossed In to him by a gpini-tir with oorksorew oarls at a stopping-place. His eye, aimlessly dropped upon the page, oaught I Kings xvni 21,—' How long halt ye between two opinions f — and the thought flashed into his brain, ' An omen 1 I will acoept it !' But the guard looked io bis direction ; and, hesitating, he again giauoeH jit the turned pige, and [read, — FroverbB xxviii, 1, — : ' The wicked flee when no n»u pursuoth : bnt tbe righteous are bold as a lion.' Hesitant no longer, he cautiously slipped the pencilled sorap from pocket to Bible, pressing it smooth between the leaves. Then, in tbe dying sunset, he read : ? Keep brave heart. We will meet sonn. Tou will recognize me by the words ' We tavo met before, bov !' Ton urn crniiKv tn Cump Morton. I plan your release, if God wills' A load seemed to press on the boy's brain, making him dizzy, as he read the hut words. Among the many dreadful prison-pens, Oump Morton was acoounted the very wont, rtno hideous tales— perhaps fxsggerated in transit even beyond the hideous reality ? had impt aoroES I he border as to its privations and horrors. He was going to Camp Morton I Memory recalled those wretohed'wreoka of what bad mee been men, exchanged after months if linKi*in-: torment there. And the olaok uiaok of the wheels beneath him seemed to form into words of those tales (old. To Camp Morton ! to misery, cold, starvation, —to Hvingdiatb,— forhowlong'P And again bis tye fell upon the paper, the pencilling blank iu the dimmed ligh., bat just above thn edge tbe words of John viii. 32 standing olear : ? The truth shall make you free.' The natural elastioity of youth, aided muoh in bis ease by temperament, changed the color of the boy's thoughts : ' One pen is bad as another, perhaps ; and it may not be for long. He may have power to perform as well as promise. Well, to make either effeative. h«r« tmoo t' And Kerding over the book, le oaught the light paper on his tongue, oruehiog out of it, be twren strong teuth, ujl semblance of a message. ? N.xtnipbt saw him entered on the roll of prisoners at Camp Morton, a flat square of «ome twenty oores, formerly need as oaltle fair grounds. It was then surrounded by a siookade twenty feet high, pwtoed by one irreat gate at the north, near which lay head-quarters and the guard-house. Out xide this stookade ran a platform, lower than i-s top; and abont this paced an utbroken hue uf sentinels, whose heads and Bhonlders only showed above the fence. WitWn, a huge moat, twraty feet wide and half as deep, adding ?SBcurity against attempted escape ; white refleotor lamps, at interval*, nave (entries, themselves in shadow, dear view of tbe snow-dad enclosure. Old oattle-peoB, long, loir, and dismsl, were the banraoka for prisoners, their up right plank sides 60 shrunken by sge and weather as to give far more ventilation than whs safe for life, witb temperature varjing about aero. Four'.tiers of rough shelyes, ncarcethrei- feel between, firmed the bunks, in whioh wretcbed men crouched by night,— and most of the day as' well,— for waVmth, wedged is 'spoon-fashion' and shivering under suoh blankets as eaoh ' mess ' could j»piape together. ' : Two cold, dreary, endlese-seeining days wore away. The rights and sounds about Evan, sided by the long-drawled tales of hopeleFBtnen crouohed over scanty embers, began to wear upon the boy's brave spirit. Already his eye had lost its bright boldness, »nd a heavy weight pressed npon his heart, that tbe longest watch opon lonely pioket, ? be moht wearing lying Btill nnaer fire, hod m-vcr fainted to it When he looked upon the things about him,— famwhpd, bloodless, hopeless remnauts of what had once been men like himself,— then upon that high stockade, witi eager eyed tentineli, pacing shortietBrvaUed posts around it, Even's spirit foil, and he grew njok with helplessness. He felt that the' motto of the Italian might well bereahd above that rt-ong and guarded gate : ' liuH ait ogni iperama, voi eh' mtrate p : Tneu, on the third mori.injj,' all was stir and bu-tle betimes. . Hen were ordered into ranks at reveille, siok or well, many scarce able to stand, from illness and starvation, some of them but half dad and wholly shoe-' lew, and well-nigh frozen, as - hey shivered for hours in that pieroing air, in half a*ioot of mow. . . i . Grim, .unshaven, with matted hair and filihyebreda nf dothing, a ftrnesome'Wdeoue jjaradn »f misary they riw|9:;,*or the, rare njioeption was he wbo had one deoent gar raent, »nd did not share that withnaneeoue vermin, bred of nnclcanliness and want of oharjge. ? ' But now the prison-inspeoting officer had come ; for the better manhood and.' inde- pendence of the press, learning the hidden fantswfromeof the worst prisons, had not fnilcd toturn the stronge.t light upon their sbuf e«. And so grave and oiroumsrantial 'had grown the r»neti-ion of press demand f r reform, that Mr. Lincoln himself tipk1 note of It. i ' ? , ?' Thsu, as was ever the case when that 'fcronsr, quaint humanity in the .Prewnent wasronsBd by wrong, .tbeWartoppartment c(rd«red inspeotlnn, olose investigation and report: And General Baldwin-w, nutt totMs epwMdvity when the prisoners had halted m. B-Wmore itree-n . the previous Sunday-now. entered the Damp Morton ; stockade, f ollowod by a small «tafl , The ohsequious major, in command, gorge ons In new uniform, moved bv bis 'side with »n rxiggerated deference all the more nora blp from his UFnal ? edf-^mportanbe, ' -, jta*': very grave arid srnrn -werH nie veteran's set lips.anhp turhi-d nftenro 'the aide befide birn.instruoting enWes in the book he bore Put but of lie grave, firm ifaoe the e-eB ikampd pitying and surprised along lhat lirg at'! biitoons line ; and more than, once . trier lingered Ions' and painfully upon some object m're plejiding than its neighbor, in the snfferinir ?tamped upon bent frau.e and jworn face. Onne tbe veteran turned abrupt ly to the aide, cutting in mid flow some unheard oommentof the prison 'oommandanr with the quioh, impulsive epeeob,— ? '.My God 1 osptain, we have both been' somewhat in the front; I have heard of the .* horrors of war,' bnt never : hara I seen them, -until now I' : t.- ^ ? \- Behind the general Erodes tall, soldierly' ?ran, wrapp A in a Ions; oloak.but wearinif neither plurpo nor rank-mnrkson .hia hat AaiJwimpontion tialr-d in front of Bran's squad, this man moved nearer, and, Fainting, said loud and clearly, — , : -TlieHoHenry prisoners we saw in Ba' timore on Sunday, rir* - (TO VM ? UOHUfl USUi^ . ? 