A MATRIMONIAL MISHAP. 1 j A LITTLE CIRCUS PERFORMANCE I WITH A CALF. TiyfjELL, Anna, I have made up my V»V*v mind to turn over a new leaf," said Henry Wilson, as he moved his chair back from the dinner-table. " I think there s too mnch arguing and fault-finding in this family, and I am ready to put an end to it if you are." ' With all my heart, Henry. If there is anything I thoroughly despise, it is quarrel ling with one's husband. I always try to avoid it, but you are so unreasonable at times I can hardly keep quiet," and "That's right, Mrs. Wilson, lay it to me. I do the quarrelling! I . am the black sheep ! I am the one note out of tune! And you—all you need are a couple of feathers glued behind your ears, and you would pass for a standard-bred angel," he snorted. 1 It you would keep quiet until I get through talking, you might be able to handle your snbject with as much volubility as a green parrot. I was about to say that at times I was at fault." \- " Ob, then, you .do not claim to be perfec tion Mn oilier words, you get a little * off' at times. Mr. Wilson, I am here to tell you that you are to blame for the whole business. From beginning to end—from top to bottom —from centre to circumference—from the day you were born until the present hour, you have been a little '-off," and the longer you live the more you get' off.'" " How did you coxne to marry a woman so terribly 'oil" as yon say I am, my dew?" she smilingly inquired.' ""Marry you?" he howled. "I didn't marry you—you married me? You hung around me .until 1 married yen for appear ance sake." . "I guess you must have forgotten when you came for my answer, how you got on your knees at my feet, and with tears in your eyes begged me to say 'Yes,' or take your life, as it wouid be utterly worthless without my love." .'•"Whew! what a whopper? I never said such a thing—never did any such thing. I was* not quite a blamed fool, if I -was a little spooney." . "Oh, yes, you did ; and-I can prove it, for pa saw you," she replied. " Was tliat old rooster watching me? I would like to have that old party men tion it to me." At that moment Bridget put her head into bherooui, saying: ' '.'Mrs. Wilson, that foiue Jersey calf of your pa's is loose, and is at the kitchen door this, minute; and it's going ofifenloirley he'll be if he's not taken care of." "His calf over in my lot, eh ? I will attend to the calf, Bridget. Now, Mrs. Wilson, we will have some veal;" and Wil son was on his feet in an instant. . " Henry, do not make a show of yourself, but catch the calf and take it home." '" Anna," said Wilson, " you and Bridget slip out this way and'go roaud the liouse, so that we .can keep him in the corner, and 1 Will, go out of the kitchen door and take him in before he knows how it was done." "Sure mid Oi think we had better stha> in the house, or the calf will be killin' the two av us," .suggested the discreet Bridget. " Ho, let us help. Pa would not lose the calf fod anything," said Mrs. Wilson. " All ready !" said Wilson, as he slipped out of the door. The calf looked at him and began to back away. "Come, bossy,"coaxed Wilson, holding out his hand- " Come, my nice little bossy, I won't hurt you." - The calf turned, kicked up his heels, and started to run. He was promptly scared back by the ges ticulations of Bridget and Mrs. Wilson. When the calf again faced Wilson, he made a dash for his ears, but in the scufiie the calf-changed ends, and in a moment more 'Wilson badbbtt by the tail with both hands. "'Hang till, him ! It's a good hould ye have now, if ye only stick to it," cried Bridget. - The calf /was leading Wilson around in a email circle, and he was holding a one-sided argument with the calf, like this: " Go it, old chappie! I have got hold of you, my-little friend! Dig in your toe-nails, my little dandy ! I have handled larger cattle than you are ! That's right—try it again ; but you haven't got away yet, have you?" " Why don't you stop him, Henry 2 What do you let him run that way lor 2 " cried Mrs. Wilson. " Maybe you want some of this, madam? If you do, step right in here ; there is plenty of room for another hold. If you think you can manage this veal better than 1, you can have my place. lam not running around here for my health. Whoop there! no, you don't." But the calf did just the same. He made a square turn, and striking Bridget, knocked her down, and the calf and Wilson passed over her like a gust of wind over the brow of a bill. " I knew it was a tempting of Providence to come into the yard with the crazy baste!" Bridget growled, as elie limped into the house. " Bring him back to the gate ! What are you leading him off that way for 2" called Mrs. Wilson. " Who is doing this leading ?" he gasped, as he came whirling down the other side of the garden, measuring twelve good feet at every stride. As they approached Mrs. - Wilson, she sprang" out, and flourishing her apron wildly about and screaming with all her strength, she scared the calf so that he stopped as suddenly as though he had been turned to stone. Wilson's momentum was so great that he went over him him with great velocity, and drove his head into the yielding soil of the garden with a dismal thud. In a. few moments iie staggered to his feet and began to claw the 'dirt from his inouth and eyes. His nose was bleeding, and a scratch from his cheek to the Corner of his inouth uiatked the course a root had traversed while he was making bis tour towards the centre of.the earth. As soou as he had removed enough of the garden from his eyes to enable him to recover his power of vision, he began shaking his fist at his wife. It was some time before he got breath enough to articu late a sound ; but at length he gasped : "Mrs. Wilson, if you ever again jump out in front of a calf I am leading, and go through another lunatic performance like that, I will not be accountable for the conse quences. There's a limit to everything, and this is the twenty- sixth time you have got me mixed up in some of your foolish per formances, and then tried to murder me at the finish. Try it again at your peril!" he roared. " Did it hurt you,Henry ?" she asked. " Hurt me? Oh no '. It doesn't hurt to drive a man's head into the ground up to his hips, and stand there inverted and eat dirt for thirty-six or forty hours ? It doesn't hurt—it's only a pastime. Try it!" "I thought the calf was running away with you. 1 was only trying to stop him," she said, as she brushed the dirt out of his moustache. " Well, you stopped him all light enough; but never stop another calf that I ain lead ing, that's all." " Shall I drive him around so you can catch him again, Henry ?" she inquired. "Mrs. Wilson, do you take me for a ten mile-and-repeat racehorse? Or do you want to run that infernal calf around so that you can perform another heavy tragedy ? Not to-day, Mrs. Wilson. And if that dun coloured calf is not got off my lot in less than fifteen minutes, I will see how far I can shoot duck- shot into it," he growled. "I declare, Henry, 1 never thought a man could step so far. And, goodness gracious ! look at your tracks ! It looks as though a mule had rolled at every place you put your foot down. But your foot always did make a mark in soft ground." " Mrs. Wilson, I made these tracks. They are my tracks, and they are on my grcnnd. ■ If you. could work your hands half as well as you do your mouth, you would be indispen sable—an invaluable helpmate to any man," he snorted. " I say, Henry, if you would buy a largo white hat and a pair of spurs, you would be indispensable at a calf roundup." He kicked up a tin pail across the yard, threw the axe at the pump, and went to the barn. THE BURGLAR BAFFLED. R. CALLAGHAN was busily engaged in an inspection of silver-irare that seemed to interest him exceedingly. He examined each article carefully, often stopping long enough to test the particular object with his teeth, or. even to bend it. At the same time, his actions were quiet and, one might say, reserved. He did not appear to care to be noticed. He was a rather tall young fellow, "care lessly dressed/' as they say in novels, and had a pale face, like a student's. One might, indeed, have thought him a poor student, were it net for his eyes, which, instead of looking tired and dreamy, like a j student's, were exceedingly active and rest less. On. the whole, his face and his general appearance were not prepossessing. Indeed, the policeman on the beat most frequented by Mr. Callaghan in social life reported him at the precinct-ho use as "* general tough—suspicious." " i Mr. Callaghan, though very young, had, already learned the value of exceeding cau tion. Hence he . was almost noiseless, and he inspected the silver-ware in the very ; mild light of a half-opened dark lantern. A i happy smile played, around the corners of his face the while, for the silver-ware he was examining proved to be of the finest and newest, and bore the monogram of a famous New York family, For that matter, the j entire surroundings of Mr. Callaghan at the I time were of the richest. The very side- j board at which he laboured was worth a small fortune, and the cut glass upon it looked very beautiful in the mellow light, j There were rich tints in some of the glass- ; wave, occasioned by their contents ; but Mr. , Callaghan did not stop to examine them. He did not believe in drinking during busi ness hours. The time was something after midnight. Mr. Callaghan was aroused from his pre occupation by a faint click. It souuded very much like the click of a trigger as a revolver is cocked. It was a trifle startling, but he did not lose his presence of mind, lie faced around like a hash, and turned off the rays of his dark lantern. He knew it was almost useless.to take the latter precaution, however, for he was well informed, and he knew that in the house of the rich of to-day it required but the pressing of a button to turn on a full stream of electric lights throughout an entire floor. '"The sudden burst of the light came, just as lie expected it would, and as it did so be beard a voice say : " Don't dare to more." He was more startled by the voice than he was by the sadden glare of the electric lights, for it was the voice of a young girl. Mr. Callagljau blinked a few times, took a good look, and then his thin face broadened a trifle into a smile. ' At the other end of the room stood a vety pale but resolute girl in a pink wrapper. She held a little gold mounted revolver of a calibre so small that Mr.. Callaghan, but for his natural politeness, would have laughed at it outright, and she was biting her lip, for she was apparently very nervous. The revolver was pointed, in Mr. Callagban's direction, but, alas! the hand that held it was shaking perceptibly., Gallagbaii grinned. " Isn't it rather late for you to be out ?" he asked her. " Don't dare to move," she replied. " I know precisely what to do. l'apa told me before he went away. I am going to sound the burglar-alarm, and have "you arrested. Then you will be sent to State prison." " Well," almost laughed Mr. Callaghan, " why don't you do it? I'm waiting." "Because," she answered;hesitatingly— " because you'restandiDg in front of it." "Oh, am I?" . answered Callaghan. " Then I'll move away. I always like to be polite to ladies." He moved away a few steps. She frowned a little bit. Then she said:: " Excuse me, will you please move a little further away ?" "Certainly," he answered. "Anything to oblige a real lady." She stepped towards the alarm, which Callaghan had not until then perceived, and stretched forth her hand. She was | about to turn the little handle, when Callaghan said, hastily : " Hold on a miniate. Do you think that would be a nice thing to do ?" " Of course it would," she answered. "Just think about it a moment," Calla ghan continued. " If you do that, I'll be arrested, and sent jup for fifteen or twenty j years. Fifteen or twenty years in a little cell all by myself, with no one to talk to and nothing to do—except break stone for my health. Now, I don't care anything about, myself. Of course I haven't done you any wrong. I haven't got away with the silver, and therefore there isn't any wrong done you—is there ? ; I tried to, but you have got the faisst of me, and you're j an awfully brave little girl to do it, too. But just think of yourself during the next fifteen or twenty years, if you have me sent up. Every day you'll be thinkiug about thepoor fellGw who's doing time because you made him,and every night you'll be lying awake crying because you made him suffer so much for such a little thing, and every time the minister in your church says auything about forgiving your enemies you'll be thinking he means you, and " She broke in : I " I think I'll let you go "—she said it very earnestly. Callaghan laughed aloud. "That's right," he said. "I knew you would, for I knew you were a lady the minute I saw you. I didn't mean what I said. Probably in a month you'd forget, all about me. No one remembers a fellow who's doing time but the police and the detectives. I was just trying an experiment. Do you think I was afraid you'd call the police ? Nonsense! Do you think I was afraid of your little revolver 1 Nonsense'J I've been shot twice by real revolvers. D j you had tried to send the burglar-alarm do i you know what I'd have done ? I'd have made a quick jump for you, and I'd have had my hands about your throat before you could have winked. If you bad tired tbe revolver, you would have missed me. Girls can't shoot." He said this last almost contemptuously; but he was sorry a moment afterwards, for he noticed that she was growing very white, and very frightened, too. Nevertheless, he continued: I " And after I'd got my hands about your neck, and you couldn't scream or struggle or shoot, what do you suppose I'd have done ?" She did not reply. She could not speak. She was trembling violently. "I'd have—I'd have"—he was embarrass and he actually blushed—Callaghan blushed —" I'd have kissed you," lie said, with an effort, " and then I'd have gone away. But you needn't look frightened any longer. I ain't going to hurt you, and 1 ain't going to kiss you ; for some day you'd be ashamed of*[ it, and you'd be ashamed to tell your sweet- i heart that Rocky Callaghan kissed you. ! And I ain't a-going to take anything that j belongs to this house, although I could right | before your eyes. I'm just a-going peaceably | home." I He started to walk towards the window I by which he had entered. As he did so, how- j ever, he looked at her critically,stopped, and said.: j " You're going to hold out just about i until I'm gone ; then yon are going to faint. | I can't leave you here alone iu a faint. I'll j fix it" He waived deliberately to the gldeboai J aud poured out a glass of wine. *'Here," said he, "drink this, and then go upstairs to bed as quick as you can. OT lock the window after I go out" She took the wine with a frightened j Thank yon," and drank it. Mr. Gillaghan turned to leave. "That brings the red back in your cheeks," lie said. " It's a good thing when uot taken during business hours. Now I am going, buhl want you to remember that I'm uot afraid of the burglar-alarm or the little revolver. I'm not going to rob you because—because you are so brave, and because you are so pretty. I sort of hate to make a failure of a job, and I guess the boys will guy me a bit for it; but you are too pretty-." Saying which, Mr. Cailaghan climbed nimbly through the window and disanueaieti. -■Harper's WetHy. MANAGING A BAB Y. As the Michigan Central train was com ing to Detroit one day last week there was a baby on board that cried for two straight hours. It was not a cry of teething or colic, but just the whining squall of an. infant vixen that wasn't going to be suited any bow. ] The passengers on that car could neither sleep nor read, and at last a red- faced old gentleman turned to the mother and said : Madam, if you would stop trotting the life out of that young 'n it would let up screaming.'' " 1 guess I know more about babies than you do," snapped the mother. " Well, all I've got to say is, I've raised eight, and the whole caboodle of them never made as much nniseus that one," he retorted. " Perhaps you would like to try' your hand on this one. If you can stop him it's more than T can do." " Give him to me, madam, and in ten minutes he'il be as quiet as a lamb.' I've seeu worse children many a time." He winked at the other passengers as he reached out his bands for "the baby. " Tootsey-wootsey turn," he urged, and the infant opened one eye to look at him, while it stiffened like a poker, and roared louder than ever. " If you will step into the next car so that it won't see you," said the obliging traveller, " I can hush him sooner. He'll be all right, ma'am, don't you worry." " I won't,"said the woman thankfully, as she resigned the squaller and disappeared into the next car. " K-u-s-h-h, stop now, little fellow ; ride a cock horse to Banbury cross, there was an old woman sh-sh-sh—let go of my hair, you little wretch !" The baby- had tangled its lingers in the chin whiskers of its new friend, and was pulling them out by the roots. " Stop that noise," howled the passengers in chorus, "or give that kid back to its mother." He would have been very glad to have acceded to either of these requests, but the mother was gone, and the baby was increasing its music every minute. " Walky-walkv, pet!" be asked in a voice like a calliope; " hush, my dear, lie still and —murder! Won't somebody go after its mother ?" But nobody would stir. They all wanted to see him manage that baby. When the conductor called "Detroit" and the train slowed into the depot, a wild eyed man, coatlcss and dishevelled, was tearing from one end of the train to the otber, while the baby screamed over hie shoulder. "I'll take him now," said a mild voice, and as its mother appeared, that child stopped howling; a cherubic smile dimpled itsvface, and it looked as if it bad never shed a tear in its life. But its volunteer nurse was a complete wreck. HILLING THE BARBER. Detroit has a barber who if talking had Dever existed would have invented it, and still he is an excellent barber with a good : patronage. Since last Tuesday evening, however, he has been wearing a countenance of gloom and'disappointment, and some of his frieuds think he is contemplating suicide. | At seven o'clock of the evening mentioned a man evidently from Chicago came in, and removing his external integuments took a chair. " Shave, sir ¥' inquired the barber, get ting his implements ready. " Certainly," responded the customer, fixing himself comfortably. " 1 haven't been shaved for three days owing to. the fact that several days ago, in response to an invitation from a man whom I know only slightly, having met him bub once or twice during his trips to Chicago od business in which we were both interested, I went over here into a back county of Canada about fifty miles from any railroad station, in a section of country where there weren't any razors except those the hogs wore on their backs, and I haven't been able to slide my chin against anything sharper than a Can adian zephyr twenty degrees below the ice notch, and the consequence has been that I hare had a growth of bristles that I think if my wife- should run her face against ou my return to my native village would give her such a shock that she wouldn't let me come near her again for the next six months, or at least until I had promised her faithfully that I never would let myself get into euch a condition agaiu, even if I went into the wilds of Africa, where I suppose a man's whiskers in the luxuriant climate of that latitude would grow to such a thicket of hirsute stubbincss that there wouldn't be any way of cutting them, unless he imported a double strength reaper and mower with reinforced knives in order that there might nob be any mistakes in the accom plishment of the job for which it had never been designed but for which, thanks to the excellence of American manufacturers, it would readily adapt itself in an emergency of this kind, provided it were in the hands of a competent and efficient person wbo knew exactly its capabilities and was conversant with the proper methods of its application to—You ain't though, are you ? I don't want any shampoo, haircut, or anything else. How much ? Fifteen cents ! Here's your money," and slapping ou his coat and hat he bounced out without giving the barber a chance to say a single word. ONCE WAS ENOUGH. A yodko gentleman who lately left hi» home in England, having. exhausted bis credit, telegraphed to his parents : " Your son was killed this morning by a falling chimney. What shall we do with the remains ?" In reply a cheque was sent for £20, with the request, " bury them." The young gentleman pocketed the money and had an elaborate spree. When in a condition for writing he sent his father the following note: " I have just learned that an infamous scoundrel named Barker sent, you a fictitious account of my death, and swindled you out of £20. He also bor rowed £10 of me and left the country. I write to inform you that I am still alive, and long to see the parental roof atrain. I am in somewhat, reduced circum stances, the accumulations of the last five years having been lost—a disastrous stock operation—and if you would only spare me £20 I would be ever thankful for your favour. Give my love to all." A few days later the young man received the following dignified letter from his out raged parent: " My Dear Son,—t have buried you once and that is the end of it. I decline to have any transaction with a ghost. Yours in the flesh, Fat;iek.j: Too Expensive.—Jack : "Edith, will yow have ine? The heiress : "Thanks, Jack—I can't afio.d you." The Japanese have astonished the Yankee by applying for no less than 124,000 square feet of space at the Chicago Exhibition. 