FOLK-LOllE IN A MOO I! LAND I'A ll IS II. Tho following interesting pinces of folk-lore nrc extracted from " Forty Yours in a Moor- land Parish : Reminiscences and Researches in Danby, in Cleveland," hy thc Rev. J. C. Atkinson, D.C.L., incumbent of the parish : - Hart Hall Hob was a dwarf who had been espied hy night threshing in Hart Hull barn. Thc little mun, "umaistus nula as w hen he wurboorn," worked so prodigiously that, in pity for his condition, il was decided lo pró- vido him with sonic decent clothing. 'The sequel of thu Btory is interesting for Hie light it casts holli upon tho supposed temper of thc mysterious visitant and upon the probable antiquity of thc legend cu which it is bused : \- ' The wiulvy nights were' cold, und tho Hart Hull folks thought Hoi) must get strange mid warm, working 'sikana batas yan, un it wad be nair un' cau'd for him, gannan put iv lathe H iv iiobhut time uu'd rims. Su ear, they'd muk him pnmcthiug to hap hisscl wiv'. And so they «lid. ' '/'/icy made it as near like what the boy had described him as wearing-u sort, .of coarse suck or shirt, willi a belt tu* .girdle lo confine ll round his middle. And when il lin« doiic it mn t,tl.cn h.Torc nightfall and laid in the lam, ' guy mid handy for t' lalulc chup.ln nolish ' when next he came to resume his nocturnal labours, lu due course he came, espied thc gumnut, -turned il round and round, and - contrary to the usual termination of such legends, which represents thc uncanny, ulheit cflicicut, worker as dis- pleased al (lie espionage practised upon him T-Hart Hali Hoi), more mercenary than punctilious as to considerations of privacy, moko out with thc following couplet :« 'Gin Hob must hae nought hui n hanlin' hamp. He'll coom nae moir, mnvtlu'r tu berry nor iiliiiup.' " 1 pause a uiomcnl in my narrative here to remark thar this old jingle or rhyme is.ouc of na tirdinary pr trifling interest, ll seems almost superfluous to suggest that up to half a century ugo, or even later, there .was hardly a place in hil Her Majesty's English dominions better qualified tobe conservative of thc old words of the ordinary folk-speech, us well as of thc obi notions, legends, usages, belief, such as constitute its folk-lore; than this particular part of the district of,Clcvelalid. The simple fact ita glossary comprises near upon four thousand words, mid that still thc" supply is not fully exhausted, speaks volumes on that head. nd yet this couplet preserves three words all of which had become obsolete forty years ago, . and two of which had no actual meaning to <hc old danie who repeated the rhyme to mc. These two aro ' berry ' and 'hamp.' ' Stamp' was the verb used to express the action of knocking off tho awns of the barley previously* to threshing it, accord- ing to thc old practice. Hut ' berry,' meaning to thresh, I hod been looking und inquiring j for. for years, and looking und inquiring in vain ; and as lo ' hamp " I npvor had reason to suppose that it had once been a constituent Ïiart of tho earliest Cícvclaud-folk speech. 1 lut this is not ull. Thu meaning of thc word, and ho less thc description given of (he vestment in question, in thu legend itself, throws bick th« origin, at least the form- : taking, of thc story, und its accompaniment, to an indefinita!, and yet dimly definable period. ' There was a timo when the hamp was the English peasant's only garment, at nil events mainly or generally so. Vor it might sometimes he worn over some underclothing. Hut that was not the rule. Thc hainn WMH n smock-frock-like article of raiment, gathered iu somewhat ubuut thc middle, and coining some little way below the knee. The muitiou . in * Piers the Plowman ' of thc [ haterc ' worn ' by thc laboiirhlir man in bis, day serves to give , a fairly vivid idea of .thc attire of thc working mun of that time, and that attire was .thc I * hamp ' of our northern parts. For'the word seems to bc clearly Old Dullish in form and origin " (pp. .r>5-57). ' ' There is mic other topic of folk-lore which Dr. Atkinson traces to a .Scandinavian source, < and which he connects very skilfully with I certain ben customs which uol long since were ' very widely observed. On thu death of the Í muster il was usual to put thc bees in mourn- ing by winding a strip of black around the hives, and on the day of the funeral a "bile und sup " from the funorul feast was carried to thom, and with three taps they were solemnly informed of the decease of their Isle owner and of thc name of his successor. It might not seem at first sight easy to establish any relation between sb singular a practica and thc " coming again " of those who had not been satisfactorily buried-a conviction which prevailed in ante-Christian days-but tho author combines thc ghost notions and thc bec notions us follows :-" Thc departed bee owner, in his new condition of being, would require his appropriate arrows, axe, hammer, sword, what not. He would require his appropriate ' victuals und drink.' liut much of his drink h:id depended on tho produce of his bees. All the mead I hal washed down the boar meat must depend still f.n the honey they produced. What wonder, then, thut he should bc idealised ns wantiug thc busy makers, and should be likely to prefer his claim, and make it good moreover by act ually ' coming again ' and taking possession, if not formally and effec- tually prevented ? The suicide, thc executed malefactor, down lo not so very fur back, 'even in enlightened England, was 'staked I down in his grave, sometimes had his legs or ( arms strongly hampered willi cord or hy I twisting, simply to prevent his 'outing 1 again,' while in parts of Sweden thc precau- 1 tious taken were oven of a stranger and (to I modern ideas) far more revolting character. Nay, when tho corpse was just OOH ly taken from thcdwclling-housc.scarcelyaccntury ugo, o the usc was lo scatter live embers just beyond 1 the threshold, avowedly to bar the road back thither against the. ¿en¡/üinjarr (uoming-agaiii II being) ; and for thc sallie reason, and with equally little reticence as to the object, tho bee skeps were visited and a formal intima- .. lion conveyed to'thc occupants that thu old I owner was departed, ami that no summons to ' wait on and serve him for-the futuro was lo bc heeded. lu fact, thc more one really enters into the story of thc folk-lore still surviving on these dales of ours, until lately so little accessible and so little intruded upon by thu people and thc opinions of thc outside world, tho moro one linds to suggest how - hard lias been the struggle between thc old paganism and the new Christianity. Sur- vivals of this form or that of thc old-nat ure worship of the old cull* of hero, demigod, ' traditional divine ancestor, of this or that i quaint, blurred, Mini, obscure conception uf man himself mid his mysterious constitutiou \ and attributes, meet ono at every turn." : In thc published portraits of tho influenza f microbe it is easy to detect thc main features of a criminal und degraded nature. The j microbe is as ugly IIB he teds. ( Stout Indy passenger ju a tramcar (wincing I -ho had trodden on her favourite corn) ( " I'licw 1 clumsy !" Volite Old (icm : " Very 3 sorry, my dear madmn ¡ but if you lind a foot largo enough to bc seen such an accident couldn't occur." And then tho stout lady smiled. Watts: "Isn't that ridiculous? I mean | thal girl across thc way. I'll bel my hat she u isn't a day under nineteen vears of u<ie, though J cl.n i» ,l,,.".,.,l ;" f.,,,,.,,.,'.,, ,."",.."1,1 .l"l/> Volta : " Well, 1 don't supponc'Sl is her fault. J She cither lias a hîg sister or elie ia the daughter of ft widow." Did you ever hour of thc good priest who i employed ti« general rouseaboiil a blackboy ¡ caught tret-h when a myall in tho * Never Xever,' mid who with eomuicuduble /.eal haviiiir cleansed the body determined to ( elcanse the mud of lhi» nure ebony upeciinen of huiuanily ii:id bring tho liny up in thc way . he ul i ou Id go. Une ï'riduy the Palfc found 1 "dingle" tjuielly putting himself outside of ii huge steak ami being remonstrated with, saya "Jingle* : " foin! that fellow been tí Ce il;, flint one lish." " What?" indignantly retorted hid reverenec. dingle: "yowi yul. been take'em pieaiiiiuiy pnt water longa head cull that fellow I'eler. Mo been take* it water put longa ¿teak call that fellow fifth, my word, budgeree fellow harramuudi this one/' 