Currency (totes. In sonic parts of tlic country the weather is keeping drier than the condition of the soil requires. Indeed there arc not Inching signs of a not unlikely drought. "We do not look for much rain at this period of the year. Often, indeed, we get a rather long spell of dry weather, and crave for the only hope of relief —an early thunderstorm. It is with regret that we noto complaints from some districts of a too prolonged drought already. We are emerging from a mild winter to an early spring. It would be a real calamity were a hot dry summer to follow. The Exhibition week passed off well. The weather was fine tliroughout. The attractions were kept up till Saturday, although the ex hibits had either disappeared or lost their fascinating freshness. The gross attendance fell far behind lost year, and the receipts were about £600 less. This is a serious item for the association, for a show of such magnitude cannot be run without a big outlay; and the association is burdened with a heavy mortgage. He who expected a popular interest equal to last year would have been u man of extraordi narily sanguine temperament. The Exhibition had no special feature. In some sections it was inferior in the number of exhibits to last year. The slate of business and tlie scarcity of money were sure to affect the attendance. Thousands of people are forced back on economy by the pressure of hard times. Those who did nttend showed no evidences of pinch and hardship ; the crowds were well dressed, and very well behaved. There was not much outward and visible evidence of alcoholic indulgence. It was plain to be seen that the general public appreciated the cheap, wholesome, and good supplies at the booth erected by the Women's Christian Temperanco TTniou. The Union Committee reluctantly undertook tho task of catering for the public, but they were entreated to do it; and when they had made up their minds they worked with a will, and accomplished by their accustomed energy and business method a decided success. "What ever benefit may 'accrue to their funds was earned by hard voluntary work; every woman worked for love of tho cause. It may be objected that the union ladies were uufuirly competing with private enter prise ; hut it is only fair tlmt their position and motives should be correctly [apprehended. We learn from inquiries that- the committee paid a high sum to the association for the privilcgo of being there. The booth was not run on charity principles. Tlie ladies bought tho best quality of supplies, gave their own time and service, in the hope of augmenting the funds for carrying on the various kinds of philanthropic work in which they arc engaged. Every penny of their profit goes into the luiion exchequer for aggressive mission purposes. In two sections the Exhibit ion was well filled, those wore dogs and poultry. In tlic luttcr •".specially great, interest was taken, and many of tlie exhibits were very fine. It is jnauifest that much attention is being paid to breeding poultry; the danger is that the general exhibx $ tion is likely to become n display of purely pro fessional fanciers'stock. Poultry rearing is a hobby that any person with a little leisure might indulge. Most "well-to-do people have a hobby of some sort. This is a harmless and interesting one, just as collecting old coins, or bric-a- brac, or pictures, is harmless and in teresting. There is no need for the breeding of fancy poultry to be left to mere money making fanciers, who grow poultry for a living. It might encourage the breeders of good poultry and dogs if the National Association Council were to arrange for more frequent exhibitions in those sections. For nearly a whole year the grounds and sheds arc idle. The appVanceaarc all there and always there. The association does not justify it? existence nor its State assistance by allowing a part of its func tions to be performed, and a part of its objects to bo accomplished, by speciul societies who pick up what it drops by default. Wo arc aware that former attempts a fc intermediate shows were not encouraging; but past failures should not preclude now efforts to popularise this associa tion. Besides, subscribers want something for their money. It does not, as a mere invest ment, pay anybody to put down a guinea for privileges that could be obtained for about a fourth of the money. The good but angry people at Kockhnmpton, 1 a paroxysm of exasperation, liave been keep ing holiday, forming processions, uttering de nunciations, discharging rhetorical fireworks, kindling bonfires, burning effigies, and gene rally getting excited because the'Legislative Assembly, by a very large majority, has intimated its disinclination to put the central district to the terrible expense of governing itself; or misgoverning itself, for it is not by any means certain that the active promoters of Reparation would predominate in the legislative chamber of the province if the original purpose of the Premier's bill were carried ont. But the furore of protest and resentment is more amus ing than awing. In the United States they arc realising some of thesweetsandsolaces of democracy. Lately there have been^three biggish strikes in that country. In each the strikers wanned up to their strike task. There, striking docs not mean ceasing to operate, it means a change of operation. If the men arc as rigorous and enthusiastic when at wbrk as when on strike they should he in valuable employees. The only danger would be that they would smash things up by the fierceness of their energy ; they would work so furiously that tools would break, machinery go smash, and their own wind play out. But eager strikers are not always the most zealous workers. Between working for wages and working for revenge the motive is so different that you cannot safely measure one by the other, or accept one as a standard for the other. The population of the United States is cosmopolitan. It contains sundry and diverse cloinents. Men who are maniacal with the intensity of their socialistic principles and theories have migrated thither. They are just now giving the 6ober and law-abiding sections of Yankecdom people what they call an 'object lesson M in the adorable and fascinat ing nature of that lovely Elysium with anticipa tions of which the rhapsodies of Bellamy have been inspiring them. Oh! it willbedelightful when the agents of the new order generally commence to burn the pits, the railway rolling slock, the warehouses and wharves where invested capital has provided them with work. Charming to seize trains and force engine drivers to truok free men back to thcirpoverty Btrickeu homes; to shoot down those who may refuse to be entrained; to tear up rails, capsize trains, and rob the passengers who may be maimed or killed. This is inarching on to the millennium of new unionism, a la Bellamy and Co. Glorious socialistic democracy, when King Mob will reign, and anareliists revel in the luxury of riot! The Americans boast of their freedom. The stars and stripes, stained with the blood of defeated slaveowners, waves over a free people. Millions of treasure mid scores of thousands of white ineifs lives were sacrificed a while ago to i set negro slaves free. Now, no man may enslave his fellow-man of any colour in that great country. It is a free country, and its citizens are said to be proud of its freedom. No employer can there force any man to work against his will. But a power exists there wlrieh won't let an employer employ whom he will; and the same power refuses to let the free men of that free country work on their own terms with and for whom they may think fit. All this is done in the name of democratic liberty. If men don't choose to submit to this sort of freedom they ure shot down. Take your choice, sit down to the tyranny which calls itself liberty, or stand up to lx> fired at. If results justify methods the exhibition of pretty and prettily-clud nurses carrying charity boxes on Bowcn Park Inst week was n prudent proceeding, because it turned out a profitable one. They collected a really large aggregate ; suiu. The funds of the General Hospital gained directly £70, and indirectly by means of a Statosubsidyoutbfltftmi, £M0 additional; a good week's work at any time; notably nud conspicuously good in these hard times. The monetary success seems to cany the inference that the colony contains a Iargcnumber of people willing and able to subscribo to the hospital who do not subscribe, because not solicited. 8uoli people .should act • on their benevolent instincts without solicitation. Spontaneous charity is the worthiest. Men who desire to help such a useful and necessary institution should forward their aid by post if they live ■ off a collector's track. City peoplo have abundant opportunities of contributing. By cheques to the collectors; by coins in the streets on Hospital Saturday ; by coins in the churches on Hospital Sunday. It is a hard test on patience for>fiucli people to be pressed at many points with further solicitations when they go out for a holiday, and some of them have protested warmly. But clearly the op portunity of giving has been availed of by many, or such a large total sum could not have been collected. * * % * Tho labour orators have got hold of a new item of stock-in-trade. Some inadvertent or unwise body has spoken of labour as a " com modity." This is quite as had as calling the people who work at manual labour "servants," or "lower orders." Many a telling climax will be worked up in indignant comment on the blasphemous boldness of tho man who spoke in that 'contemptuous way of labour. On the top of each climax the finial will be COMMODITY in great capitals. As for tho real working man, you may call him a commodity, or a combatant, or a Jehosha pbat, he won't care if only you give him work and fair wage. It would bo a great mistake to suppose that i majority of the people of England are in favour of either Mr. Gladstone or bis project of home rule for Ireland. Take from Ins following the Irish and Scotch members and he would he in a helpless minority. Because he has secured by lavish promises the adherence to his policy of thehulk of the representatives of Scotlandand Ire land, England is to be governed by a man whom a majority of Englishmen do not want. It is almost impossible to convoy to Australian minds the degree of the rancour with which the great Liberal leader is regarded by the Con servatives of Eugland. Their aversion to him is voir bitter. His name, as well as his policy, is held in detestation. «* * * • There arc some men, like Lord Tennyson, who love the man while they detest his policy. He 1ms many lovable qualities. He is a man of whose brilliant qualities of mind every Briton may be justly proud,—a man whose loug career has been above suspicion of corrupt selfishness. But he has always been capricious; turning suddenly on the nation with somo surprising pro ject of change. But if he is hated by his opponents, he is adored by his supporters. A large section of the British middle-class idolise him. Every journey ho takes is a triumphal progress. Perhaps no other man in the British Empire is so passionately loved by one part and so intensely detested by the other. To one sort lie is little short of an angel, to the other he is a demon of destruction. The newspaper reports of the high jumping contest at Bowen Park 011 Saturday :ire creepy sort of reading. There is nothing in them to compose the reader's nerves, or to elevate his opinions of the prudence of average humanity. They read like a series of inducements to Nemesis to punish hardihood. Again and again the horses "baulked at the stupendous heights they were urged to leap; the equine instinct rebelled against conscious risk to life ; but the silent, breathless, awed crowd awaited scusations, and the calm, self-possessed, daring riders' urged their magnificent steeds to saper? equine performances for the amazement of the eagerly curious spectators. Mostly when the horses did not baulk they touched the top mil of the hurdle. It was at the second or third try that they got over. Pluck is admirable both in horse and man, but darc-devilisin is not; and no man is justified in risking his life for the disport of a crowd who hold their breath in the suspense of awe and fear lest each leap should be fatal to the rider or horse. Of what value to the fate of the colony is the question of whether Mingoola or Spondnlix tan clear the loftiest rail; or what compensation would the best leap be if the rider got his neck broken 'r This suggestion is uot a bit silly, after the numerous falls that aid take place. It is grand to be talked about as the ! successful rider of a horse that can by three inches clear the head of a man 0 feet 3 inches high, but tlio tall man would not care to have his cranium " touched?? once or twice with tho horse's heels before^ the noble animal got clear over his head; nor wottld it bo any benefit to the rider in case of hul accident for every body to say pathetically, ''Poor fellow! he was very plucky, but too daring." The mysterious appearances of the planet Mais, last week, arc believed to have been seen only in Sydney. The parties who saw these phenomena were returning from a late supper at which they had takeu nothing in the way of drinks save what was soft or liquid. They thought, as only they could tliink, that the inhabitants of Maw were throwing a. wet blanket over their shining planet, and then suddenly withdrawing it. The suggestion may have occurred to theiu because when they were returning heavy rain was falling. Evcry'now and again, in the open, they saw Mars, and the vain drenched them. Directly they were under cover their saturated garments fitted them as a "baby's raiment fits. They seriously attempted to reply viva voce to the fellows signalling:, but were suddenly stopped by a rude policeman. 9 • % ' « .Some choice things were said in the Assembly ' last week during the constitution debate. * Sir Thomas M'llwraith called Mr. Archer a rehel to the colony for pressing the claims of the central district for liberty on the Imperial Government. Mr. Murray talked of the ex clusion of the central district from the pro vincial scheme as a detestable job, and of Mr." Dickson as growing sleek and fat on tha industries of the central district which he had never seen. The member for Normanby urged the Premier not to follow the road mapped out by Mr. Morehead, by which he might descend from his high nnd dignified position in regard to the bill to that of a mere trickster. But Mr. O'SulUvan was for presenting Sir Samuel with half a million of money and a free passage to Fiji. To which the Premier's reply was that the member for Stanley might leave the House before lie did. « * s * The Bundabcrg district at the present time affords a capital reply to all the Glasscyite ob jections to black labour a3 a wiper-ont of white labour. The sugar season is on. The demand for white labour has fully equalled tha local supply. There has been an attempt to hood wink public perception by some knavish tricks characteristic of those who used them. Men • whose aims are exclusively and absolutely sel fish will never be exquisitely nice nor sensitively scrupulous about the means they use to reach their ends. But facts won't fit into the arti fices of tricksters. It is a fact that owing to the cane crushing season commencing and the revival of enterprise caused by the recent pro-kanaka legislation a large number of white men have been provided with work. This was predicted by the advo cates for extending the fcimo for using coloured labour on sugar plantations. It was ignored by opponents of coloured labour. Or, they con tended, that it was better that white men should be out of work than that work should be provided for them by tbe use of black labour. The latter objection was the insane protest of conceit and prejudice;—the infatuated preju dice against coloured humanity of conceited men who have never done anything to justify their importation to a land of which its black aboriginal owners have been dispossessed. « ' 6- « Here is an idea for an impecunious Treasurer. The subject of local option is beginning to bite in England. As it is doing so the ghosts of all the dead Chancellors of the Exchequer are invoked against it. This is the argument. More than one-third of the whole national revenue—that is, nearly thirty millions of money—are derived from the sale of intoxi cants. Should local option prevail throughout the country, the Exchequer would lose very much, if not tbe whole, of this revenue. Under prohibition it would all bo lost. Some person* affect to he horrified at the loss of a sum equal to the amount necessary to maintain the Army and Navy, though not in the least shocked at the idea of having to obtain revenue from the consumption of intoxicants to maintain the Army and Navy. And they argue that in all districts where local option prevails the people are being spared the payment of one-third of their share of taxation. But this is a mistake. It is not the community as a whole, hut only the winebibbers in it who have been supplying this.money; and why should ab stainers from intoxicants be taxed to make up the deficiency caused by stopping the sale of alcohol ? That would bo a toothsome revenge for tipplers. At present, revenue derived from the sale of intoxicants docs not go to maintain the Army and Navy; it is absorbed in main taining the police and the judiciary rendered necessary by the sale and use of strong drinks. The money would not Lo needed if the had sido of the traffic were abolished. 