THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF NEW SOUTH WALES. THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY. Tho twoiity-sovonth on'nuol session of tho Gonornl i ance. Owing to tho illness of tho Moiloralor, tho Rov. Ii. Colho, F.L.S., tho cx-Modorator, tho liov. T. E. Clous ten, B.A., occupied tho pulpit. Attora rtovotiounl service, tho fiov. T. E. Clouston, preached a seimon, toking us his subject " Tho Adaptation of Method in Christian Work," his text hoing Luke ix, 3, 22, and 30. After speaking of tho unexampled progress of human effort during tho present century, especially as regards Christian mission work, he went on to say that religion was no longer a topic confined to tho pulpit and tho Church periodical ; but had found a place in all high-toned news- papers and reviews, and in novels and tales that had found popular acceptance. Tho posi- tion of tho Church in Australia was discussed, tho conclusion arrived at being that tho work had not been so nearly successful as it might have been. Much of tho religious indifference was due to tho worldly self-indulgent spirit which arose from tho haste to be rich which seemed to have laid hold of all classes of society. Then again tho state of edu cation had to be considered. While tho course of instruction pursued in tho public schools called forth most admirably tho activities of tho mind, tho spiritual side of tho nature was comparatively neglected. Tho result was that we had a population well developed on the intellectual side, but dwarfed and stunted on tho moral and spiritual. Under these circumstances the great aim of tho Christian workers should be to persuade men to accept tho salvation of Christ, rather than to secure their adherence to any particu- lar form of ecclesiastical discipline. CONSTITUTION' Ol» TUE ASSEirjILY. Tho Ecv. T. E. Clonston thon left tho. pulpit, and coming down to tho* phitfonu constituted tho assembly with prayer. Tho minutos of tho Inst mooting of tho assembly, as engrossed in tho pormnnont records wcro lnid on tho tablo. Thoy wore taken ns road, und wore confirmed. Tho report on miuisterial changes was also takon as road. Tho commissions of elders which had .not been passed by tho presbytery worosustoinod. Tho roll of tho lissom bly was thon cnllod, 77 ministers nud 53 elders answering to Uioir uainos. Tho clerk of assouibly annomicod that for tho election of moderator ono presbyterial vote had boon niven in favour of tho Rov. A. Armstrong, ono in tavour of tho Rov. James Lamont, and 22 in favour of tho Rev. .Tamos Smith White, LL.D., of Single- ton. Tho Rov. T, E. Cloustou theroupou declared tho Rov. Jamos Smith Whito, LL.D., duly olocted moderator ; and this gontlomau was thereupon conducted to his choir by several ox-modcrators of tho assembly. . MOPERATOn'S AHDKESS. Tho Rov. Dr. WHITE, tho uowly-olocted Moderator, delivered tho following address :-Reverend Fathers and Brethren,-On taking tho choir of this voncrablo nssombly tho Moderator is ? expected to givo nu address on quostions affoctiug tho well-being of tho Church in general and of this church in particular, and on such social questions ns may, ot tho timo, possess special publia interest. At tho prosont doy thoso questions uro numerous and of surprising im- portance more numerous, moro important, and moro pressing tliau thoy hovo boon for ganoratious ; so numerous, BO important omi so pressing that thoy moy not bo passed ovor. Our Church is most oxuctly. most critically placed in tho thermopylae of tho conflicting viows, passions, interests, nnd action of man. Sho may not bo silent. Respecting tho Ïerson of noithcr rich nor poor, sho must speak. 1er txumpot must givo no uncertain sound. As her Elias said, " Sho is in tho position in which truth Bhould bo spoken, therefore she must spoak tho truth, Impugn it whosoever listoth." Like him, sho must not fear tho faco of man. She must speak without passion and without prejudice. She must know no soots, no partios. Sho must know neither masses nor classes. Sho must know no porsons. Sho must know only principles. Hor utterances must bo frarnod on tho linos of right reason corres- ponding with tho fixed and invariable laws bv which every department of the universe is governed. lu a word, Bho mii6t speak tho truth in tho love of it. More than ono of tho public quostions hovo already lioon dealt with in an nhlo and a noble "Encyclical." But being dogmatic rather than argumentative, and abstract rather than ¡Ilustrativo, it may bo questioned whether it will hnvo duo inllueiico upon the awaken- ing, iuquiriug, and practical public mind. Much has beon left for our Church to say. If sho succeed in saying it well, and in a manner worthy of hor traditions, she will hovo rondorod a great service to tho Church and to tho world. It is alleged that Christianity has failed in its mission, and that, thoroforo, tho Church, which professes to represent it, has forfeited her right to dictate, or oven to advise. It is alleged that Christianity has waxed old, that it has docayed, that it is ready to vanish away, and that all that romains for it is gracefully to retire from tho world's «togo. Even if this wore truo of organised Christianity, it is not necessarily true of Christianity itself. Christianity is charity in tho scriptural senso of that term, and charity has not failed. Chanty cannot fail. Christianity as a practical, dominating, and essential moral forco, was formally introduced and illustrated to tho world bj- a solitary reformer less than 2000 years ago; It has beon porpotiiutod hy an agency always limited in extent, circumscribed in action, and imperfect in character. It hos hod mind to appeal to, and rewards, abstract aud future, to present to mon grossly practical and but littlo dis- posed to forecast. It has hud passions and preju- dice to contend with, aud tho most strenuous opposi- tion, physical, intellectual, and moral to overcome. Its means and appliances were such that tho sages of j tho day predicted for it only failure and ruin. Nevertheless, Christianity has accomplished incom Sarnbly moro in tho intolloctunl nnd moral world ming tho 2000 yum of ita action than nil tho forces J of natura hovo accomplished in tho physical world during a period of yoors which, according to safentists, a seraph's computation would fail to num- ber. Whilst tho forcos of nature havo been at work for an incalculable spneo of timo to tranform thopro toplastic coll into a uiulliisc, Christiauity, within 50 i Í'oars of its institution, and that in a moment, trons orraod Snul of Tarsus, a blasphemer, a persecutor nnd a murderer of tho saints of God into a Christian, tho highest typo of man. Even tho most bitter opponents of Christianity regard liberty, equality and fraternity os tho solo remedy for tho ills of humanity. True, not knowing what thoy say, thoy transposo those terms, which, in tho order of their genesis, should bo fraternity, equality, liberty. Wist s fraternity, but Christianity illustrated in tho rela lations of men ? What is equality, but tho result of fraternity ; and liberty but tho result of equality ? It is admitted on nil hands that tho Church has, in nil neos, te a greater or lesser extent; illustrated charity-. In.tho cases in which it seems to ho other- wise, tho omc-obcarore of tho Church, and not tho Church horsolf, have been blamcablo : therefore sho retains her right to spoak in respect of nil quostions affecting either her on-|i interests or thoso of tho world nt largo, and that as ono having authority. So far ns this undress coucerns them lt can bo but only feebly suggestive Tho Church was instituted for tho purposo of ' conserving and extending tho knowledgo nnd iniluuuco of tho truth. In order to lulfil hor'function she,.must love .tho truth. Sho is in danger of mistaking tho lovo of other things for tho love of truth. Shebas mistaken tho lovo of form and corcmony of ecclesiastical organisation, of ecclesiastical dogma and of ecclesias- tical powor, pre-einiiionco, nud prestigo, and of many other things for the lovo of tho truth. What is truth ? domandod Piloto of tho Groot Toucher sent from God. "Ah!" oxelaim some, "would that: this all-important quostiou lind been onswored." 1 Fools and blind ! It bod beon onswerod. Jesus Christ hud declared Himself to bo tho truth. Ho was lovo incarnate ; therefore tho truth is love. Porfoct lovo is perfect troth. Tho Church, in order to lovo truth, thon, must regard charity as tho most j precious object of her affections, and it must bo the Bolo object of ¿or desire, (md pursuit. This ono thiug sho must desire of tho Lord and seek to obtain. Tho groat obstaclo to tlio attainment of truth is prejudice. Perfect lovo is incompatible with prejudice ns it is J with fear, its twin sister. Lovo is at once tho most effective ngont for discovering, conserving, and j extending truth. While tho Church, in all agos, j has admitted this in theory, sho lins not always recog- nised lt in practico. In limos of adversity sho has, for hor supposed safety, and in times of prosperity sho hos, for her supposed greater odvantago, had recourse to carnal woopons. She hos sometimos acted as though sho could truBt to lovo up to a certain point, but no furthor. lier whole history SIIOWB, that so long as sho trusted in lovo sho was delivered and re- I stored, whilst, when sho trusted in carnal weapons BIIO was overtaken of yet greater evils aud brought yot lowor and lower. As truth is ono and indivisible, | tho Church must reBpoct all truth, not only as it af- fects horsojf individually, but also OB it affects tho interest of mankind generally. In accordance with this viow, tho prosont address will respect the truth under both hoads. TJndortho second hood there aro many quostions of vost importonco, such as tho ques- tion of government, of Jabour, of land tenure, of mar- riage, &c.; To only two of tho subjects under tho | second head, viz., government and labour, oin refer- ence bo made. In respect of both hoads, it is ovidout that tho first thing nocossory is to remove misconcop tion and correct error. The Church is not perfect, either as to her constituent olemonfa, hor organisa- tion, heruims, or hor action ; for human naturals corrupt, nud whore thora is corruption thora must bo imperfection. There was imporfoction in.tlio Apos- tolic Omrah. Ono of tho apostles was a traitor. All that may reasonably bo expocted is, that she shall illustrate charity in spirit and in prac- tice. If she do BO, oven aftor the manner of smoking flux and of a bruised reed, she vindicates hor title to bo regarded as a Christian institution. At tho samo timo sho must show flint, forgetting the tilings that aro behind, and roaching forward to thoso that aro before, she is etriving nftor perfection. The moBt regular and rigid observance of ordinances does not constitute all the whole of religion, or, necessarily, any part of it. Common phraseology, sometimes unwittingly sanctioned, or omployed by masters in Israel, tends to induce and foster the idea. Love is the only bond that does bind, or that can bind, man to man and man te God, and God to marti It alone binds men to the due portormance of their duties to thomselves, thoir follow- mon, and to God. It alone is the perfect bond. Tho duties which wo owe to oursolvet, our follow-mon, and to God, are not separate, distinct, and independent. They ore ranged and taught undor throe heads for our more easy apprehension ; but our duties to our- selves smd our fellow-men are, in reality, but our duty to God under'different aspects.. To God we eUnd or fail ia wsj*^ -i'sU. Bcolestostícal pet sonsge«, whatever may be thoir designation, rank function, do not constitute the church. ' Church Visible consista of "all such as, all agos and places of tho world, do pro tho tine religion, and their children/ i ecclesiastics may not proteas this. If thoy do, t constitute but a small portion of tho Chun numbors, so that tho Church is not rosponsiblo thoir un-Cliristiau doods dono in hor name Sol lion does not necessarily dopond upon outward i visiblo connection with nny form of organi Christianity, but upon union with Christ. Tho bi of evory Christian isa templo for tho Holy Ghost dwoll in. Thia templo is adequately and thoroug furnished to all true worship ; thora is tho »liri tho altar, tho sacrifico, tho worshipper. Cliristiat is ussontially a choorful »ml joyous religion. " Ti no thought for tho morrow, for tlio morrow si tnko thought for tho thiugs of itself, gufítciont u tho day ia tho ovil thereof." Ono of it« essential ti fundamental gracos ia Hopo, tlio spring of clicorfi ness and joy, tho attribute of conquerors, wh Christians uro, of tho inner-tho truo man. Subj races only aro dollciont in Hopo ¡ heneo all tí music is plaintive Certain it is that tho gloo worship ol Odin will novor find votaries among Ai trillians any moro than it found thom among i ancieut O rooks. Tho differences axisting muong i sovoinl soots of tho Church-whoso namo is logioi aro not necessarily an evil. It is wrong to porsoci or dospiso thom bocauso of thoso dilTcronc Diversity of sect is moinly duo to difforoncu of men organisation. While Truth is ono, it has many aid and it prcscuts itself undor many aspects. Mon. cc toinploting it through tho medium of divo organisation, porootvo it undor somo ono or. oüior its aspects moro clearly than under othors. Tl aspect of it which appears most clearly, hulks in largely, and seems most important ; and, nature and necessarily, ia assigned the mostpromiuont ph in tho oxtchiisatiou of thoir viows and fcolings. illustrate vory briofly. . In some tlio poroopt organs predominate. To thom tlio BOIISUOUS appa tho most important, and Uioir worship will bo moil sensuous mid realistic. In othors. tho animal pi pensitios predominate. To thom the sensual will « pear tho most important, nnd their worship will mainly tho ministration of passion moro or less coo and gross. In othors tho intellectual faculties pr dominating. To them causation and BOnuonco v uppeor most important, und thoir worship will mainly original and logical-porhaps mystic-1 never passionate or sensational. In otln tho moral sentiments predominate. To thom t ideal, tlio Fcstbotio, will appear most importai and their worship will bo mainly devotion sensational, and artistic On tlio principia natural selection, and fer tho purposo of mtiti countenance nud aid, thoso holding the saino vio associate and form societies, whoso members-hoi liko- mindcd - worship moro satisfactorily, mi comfortably, nnd may it not bo added, mora prof ably than they could do otherwise Supposo t minds of mon divested of all peculiarities ot roligio belief, and retaining thoir present diversified men organisation, and supposo teachers of nil tin peculiarities of belief were to appear among thi und appeal to thom, thoy would attach thomsoh respectfully te tho teachers to whoso doctrina tin organisation responded most fully. Sects would reconstructed on tho some linos, lind in much t soma proportions as at present There is a gradati of sects, according to tlio phases under windi tru is chiefly apprehended by them. Tho «oct appi bonding it only in its sensuous nspcot* is tlio lowi typo ; that apprehending it most fully, in all aspects, tho highest. No ono sect apprehends , truth, or any ono truth perfoctly, in all its phasi relations, combinations, and results. If nil t truth known to all tho sects wore aggr grated, tho aggregate would not constitute i truth. Tho Church may bo regarded aa a gre j school for tho education, instruction, and training men in tho knowledge, lovo, and practico of t truth, and tho several sects ru occupying : graduated forms. Each sect occupies tho form bc suited te its capacity and attainments. It may n quit it until it hos boon fitted for a " removo " to higher. Thoso occupying tho lower forms shou thank God that thora is milk for bobos. Tho ocoupying the higher should thank God that thora strong meat for thoso of mature ago. Itcalisii tho responsibility involved in their privilogos, tl latter' should regard themselves as thoir brothel kcepor, and speak the encouraging word and extol tho helping hand to their weaker brethren. V ought not to seek rashly to disturb the prese: arrangement by precipitating union«. The momo: tho' occupants ot a lower form are fit for " romcvo," they will become intolerant of thoir pr sent position ; when those above them say, "con up higher," they wOl respond spontaneously ai heartily, and the union will be homogeneous, cordi« lasting, and beneficial ; otherwise it can be on imperfect, half-hearted, temporary, and injuriou No ono sect, or combination of sect«, can perform tl special function« of another, or meet its nccessitie Enoh has its own special function and its own speer fitness for the performance of it. On the princip of tlio division of labour, each does its own Bpcci part best, and moat beneficially. Evory attempt i combine tho functions of sects has proved a lumen: ablo failure More than ono of tho sects hav during tho history of tho Church, arrogated tl attribute of universality and tho titlo-the Churcl Ono of thom, from the first, with unwavering pei Bisteucy, hos claimed this attribute and this title and, with an agency the most marvellous and tl: most potent that tho world has over seen, hr laboured to illustrate, in itself, both as realities. J appeals to human nature in all its comprohonsioi and in all ita extension. It grasps tho whole man— body, soul, and spirit-as a mortal and an immortal There is no point of humanity that it does not touch and no point that it touches that it does not influence Does tho perceptive predominate ?-its ministers all that can gratify the senses. Does tho animal pre dominate ?-it tempers restraint with license. Does tho intellectual predominate ?-it ministers to a intellectual tastes and cravings. Does the emotional predominate ?-it ministers the means an appliances whereby tho most passionate, enthusiastic and fanatical devotee may externise his feeling! There is music to' gratify tho ear; architecture sculpture, and painting to gratify tho eye ; incense to gratify tho sense of smelling ; bread specially pro pored to gratify tho palate, and surfaces of exquisit polish to gratify tho sense of touch. Her history illustrates tho highest excellence in every walk of art, science, and literature for nearly 1800 years There are carnivals and fasts, indulgences and penances, seclusions and pilgrimages ; there are scenic representations of tho joys of Heaven and of tho woes of hell ; there is the beauty, grace, and love of woman, tho purity of saints, and tho heroism of martyrs. Even this sect, with all means and appliances that either Nature, or art, could supply failed to conciliate and retain tho people within its pale. Its experience has proved that, if universal spiritual empire is possible, it has not discovered the secret of securing it. From time to time members seceded from its communion. About 300 years ago there was a serious secession. Although, within 50 years, it succeeded in recovering nearly one-half of its lost numbers, yet at tho present day Protestants are nearly half no numerous as its adherents. Strangely enough, as if to emphasise tho frustration of its attempt at universal rule, tho leader of the secession not only did not protest against tho assumption on which its claim to it is founded, but ho continued most pertinaciously to affirm it. It would scorn to be a decree of the Great Disposer of all things that there shall not be universal ecclesiastical, any more than universal poli tical, rule. No doubt tho time will come when Christians seeing eye to eye, there shall be unity of spirit in tho bond of Truth. But that time is not yet, Meanwhile, there must and shall be sects Christ did not suffer His apostles to forbid to preach to those who did. not belong to their college. St Paul rejoiced that tho gospel was preached, even although preached of envy, contention, and strife, Only an essential peculiarity can justify tho con- tinuance of sect. Where there is no such peculiarity, to continue a separate and independent existence is to be guilty of schism. If a sect which is intellec- tual, for example, should seek to attract adherents by affecting tho aesthetical, it would surrender its ration d'être. What is the sphere as- signed to us as a Church ? If wo supposo that it is tho intellectual, our supposition will not bc altogether erroneous. The Scottish people, among whom our venerable National Church, taking her as tho type, had her formal and national birth, are intellectual. They severed themselves from theil former ecclesiastical connection partly and mainly bocauso their intellectual cravings and necessities were not adequately ministered to. Thoy set up a Church in which provision was modo for adequately ministering thereto. Her ministers have over been mon of rospoctablo literary attainments. Ministers of tho Church of Sootlaud, ns a rulo, hovo been gen tloinon, and scholnrs vouched for by a university degree. Except, porhaps, in come of tho refinements and elogencies of classical literature, and in the more abstruse branches of the higher mathematics, they are not a whit behind tho cultured clergy of the sister establishment. In the pastoral department they aro often their superiors. Abroad, her minister» have ever occupiod a prominent place and oxercisod a poworfiil influonco among the intellectual portion of the population.- If anywhen and anywhere it is necessary to maintain n high standard of ministerial culture, it is at tho present day and in thia colony, in which education is universal and of a high order, and whose standard of efficienoy is rising.' Moreover, our Church has no gradation of ministerial rank. If she desires te affect tho principalities and powers she must have men who, in virtue of theoir literary or scientific degree—which, duly , earned in any university under the British Crown, is a patent of nobility-aro entitled to take precedence with tho highest in the land. The intellectual is compatible with the most intonso zeal according to knowledge. Paul, tho most highly cultured of the Apostles, waa in labours and in sufferings more abundant than they all. As to the question of government and labour, including pauperism, which are at the present day so violently agitating and convulsing tho whole civilised world and threatening ito upheaval, suffer a few words. Aa to government-popular govornment, as tho phrase is gonernlly understood, is not necessarily freo, responsible and beneficial. Neither is despotic government necessarily tyrannical, irresponsible, and njurious. All history provea that popular government may he tyrannical, irresponaible, and injurious, and that dsspon'o government may ne comparatively free, responsible. Sod beneficial. In ancient Borne the condition of tho people generally, and of the slave« in particular, Wa« much woree under the Republic than it waa under the Empire. Augustus and Nero, both despots, did mora for the amelioration of the condition of the slaves-who constituted considerably ' moro than th» half of the population of the city than all the popular leaders who bad proceded them. In fact, popular government may be more of a name than a reality, as in the case of our own governrnont, which, although regarded a« securing liberty almost to license, ie yet-by reason of. the " Dispensing Pcmw,"tho''Jwot Aot," tba-'SxoM Uwf,'' .>» tho command of tho military forces by soo and vested in tho SovoroignT-in theory, strongly i lute. Whothor or not, popular government ha its foiindation and illustration in Nature, brings into tho world with him nothing but tho gatton to obey-without question mid without talion-opiating laws in respect of his naturo ii its comprehension. Thcso laws, whothor respect his physical, iiitollcctnnl, ormond nature ilxed and invariable If ho sufTor from oporution, his only possible remedy is to chang own ntlittido willi respect to thom. Thu! nr.imols and mall in a state of nature uro undo most absoluto autocracy. Neither has po] government it« fouudatioii in what may bo si contributory right. Tho foot Hint a man contril townnls tho support of ii Siato gives him no rig' a voico in tho management of its affairs, maxim, "no representation no taxation," lin warrant cither m nature or in common action man by founding and endowiug a university not acquire n right either to occupy a proies chair or to say who shall occupy it. Ama raising and maintaining a regiment does not ncr a right to command it or oven to interfere wit movemonts. As to tho form of government I ndoptod revelation is silent. ltovclotion 1 «nth tho inner man. Having improved that, it le oxtcrnisations and, milong tho rest, tho fora government, to bo fashioned and adapted tc improvement, ns tho cocoon is fashionod by chrysalis and adapted to its incrcaso of sizu chango of form. A theocracy was divinely instit in Israel. This is tho ultimate perfection of fi bocauso oxtcrniscd by mtnds acknowledging tho of God as tho only rulo of life, mid adapted to t acknowledging this rulo. .Tilst ns men upproxit to perfect obedience to God's law, they approxii to a theocracy. Perfect obodience, defacto, iinj a theocracy; Towards a theocracy 'all form government should tend. Tho Christian is comp tivoly littlo coucorncd about tho form of governn undor which ho lives, bocaiiBO, undor nny form may failli tho great cud of his hoing, enlightened Christian expediency is tho only tc: tho claims of nny form of government. Asie labour question, involving tho question ol' pauper no doubt thoro is in tlio world nn amount of pun ¡Bm aufnehmt, both ns tb extent mid tlcgreej mnko an ungot weop. Nevertheless, there is tn misconception and misrepresentation on tho subj Man for man there is not, ns is alleged, piiupei wider in oxtont and moro intenso in degreo in Cli j tlan than in unchristian countries, lt Ibero is, partly duo to tho fact that in tho for tho standard of living is much higher t in tho hitter. Tho peoplo of tho la would feast on that on which tho pei of tho fonnor Etarvo. Tho pauperism of Chrisl countries may bo traced almost entirely to wilful nornnco, voluntary idleness, mid vicious habits, whatever mhy bo tho cítiso of pauperism, il uocossnry in n state of trial mid preparation, thcreloro of imperfection. Undor tho legal disp satiou lt was declnred that tho poor should nt coaso out of tho laud. Under tho dispensation graco and truth it is declared that tho poor wo si always huvo with us. Who oro tho poor ? liich poor oro relativo terms. No'satisfactory defiuil of either lins over boon given. This hnznrdod: "Tho rich aro thoso who li enough to supply thoir necessities ns Ch tiaua nnd to spare. Tho poor oro tl; who havo not enough to supply them." Only latter aro poor. Only tho latter ore outitled to cc misoration and nid. If this definition is corn tho wholo n5poct of society is chane Tho rich mid tho poor, ns to numbors, cha: places. Tho rich, beconio ' tlio ovenvliohn; majority of socioty, tho poor, the iiislguitlco tho almost infinitesimal minority. Au mici heathon sago Bays that, uuless wo form an oxag, roted idoo of nu evil, wo shall never attempt remedy it. Such exaggeration is neither neccssi for, nor proper lo; the Christian. Ho has io do w truth, with things not as thoy scorn, hut ns they a It is his special prerogative to know tho truth and act upon it. Ho docs not contemplate pauperi and sufforiiig, whatever their oxtont or degreo. w a sickly sentimentality, much loss does ho denlo or even lamont, thoir existence. Ho is a soldier Christ, mid therefore ho lins moral nerve. Ho : gards thora as a field wherein to ovorciso and devci and perfect his gifts nnd graces. Ho sets himself consider tlio poor ninn's caso wisely. Whilst feeds tho hungry, clothes tlio naked, and relieves I distressed, he seeks chiefly to inspiro tho poor wit! spirit of independence and n sonso of responsibili end to induco thom to attempt to holp themselves tho only truo and permanent aid that con bo re doted them. Virttio and suffering aro not pee liar to tho masses; vico anil onjoyniont i not peculiar to tho classes. They oro comm to both, and iii nearly equal ratio in ' cai Tho classes sympothiso moro generally and mc deeply with tho mosses than tho masses do with t classes, for while as a rulo tlio masses sock tho hi of tlio classes, tho classes seek tho good of t masses. Tho privato persoual ministrations of t classes are numberless, and their public clinriti universal aud magoilicent. All tho charities of t world aro duo to Uio rich, and to them only. Lobo is tho lot of mau." Hc-'htis only n choice,-to sot extent, as to tho kind of labour in which ho sin engage It is a blessing and not nn ovil. Sor hovo largo and strong limbs mid smnll weak bron Thcso aro plainly designed to bo howers of wood ai drowors of wator. lu hewing wood and drowii water thoy ¿ire to find thoir chief satisfaction ai onjoyniont. 'Tho sloop of tlio labouring mnn swoot, whether ho eat littlo or much. Others ha brains, Iorgo nnd of Ano toxtnre. Tboso ¿re bc ond most satisfactorily omployod, both for thon selves und society, m thiitking, planning, coi triving, governing! and in investigating, contiollin nnd directing in all its departments tho forces nature. God cursed tho ground for man's sako, th is, not only in judgment, but in mercy. " TJ primal curso was softened into mercy, modo tl plodgo of'cheorful days and nights without u groan. WeiTth is not so unequally distributed us is gunoral Biipposod. As has beon shown, tho rich constitu tho overwhelming majority of tho population civilised countries. Tho distribution of tho oxcess thoir wealth depends upon tho only just and bend cent principio ou which it could bo distributed. Tl richest possess, in reality, to tho exclusion of tl enjoyment of it by tlio poorest, only so much ns thi employ in tho supply of their personal necessities i in ministering to their lusts. Whatever they oinplc for tho latter purpose thoy employ necessarily thoir own hurt, and no mun can regard it os a advantage to do so. Even tho indulgence of thc excesses secures tho distribution of Uioir weall! Tho balance of thoir riches is invested in banks nr. kindred institutions. Thoso loud it out to thoso wi employ labour, that is, to thoso who distribuía among tho masses. The balance of tho wealth of Ul wealthiest, thon, that is, neurly all of it, is constant! in possession of wago-enrnors. Never was wealt less accumulated than it is nt present. Novi was it moro distributed. Never nero tho massi possessed of so Iorgo o proportion of it at at presen Wealth could not bo distributed moro equitably. 1 is distributed on tho principio of giving to every ma according to his deserts as a wage-earner, subjoct t tlio iuexoroblo low of supply mid doninud, wit which neither omployor, wnge-carnor, nor consume moy interioro with impunity, a principio ninjostio i its simplicity and justice. Tho luxuriös of tho rici their purple and fino linen, und their sumptuoii daily faro ought not to be oither covotcd or onvio by tho poor. All that is needful, till that isdesir oblo, is food and rainiont- in quantity und in qualit Biiificient to maintain a sound mind in a sound bodv Anything beyond thia is not a blessing, but a curse God fed tho Israelites in tho wilderness on broad an flesh. Ho supplied tho samo faro to Elijah. Danie and his companions, fed on pulse, were fatter uni fairer than pampered courtiers. John tho Baptist sub sisted on locusts and wild houoy, and hts raiment wa camel's hair. Christ fed tho multitudes on brood am fish. AU conqucringnations become courtuerers while thoir stylo of living was tho simplest and tho plainest It is a "grievous sin to stimulate the mosses to desiri luxury. Both masses and classes should bo tough to bo contout with food convenient for them : tin masses, because such things only oro couducivi to thoir interests ; and the classes, because anythiuf in excess of them is not only injurious to themßelves but involves iujustico and cruelty to others. Thi roto of wages does uot dopend on tho will of thc capitalists, but on tho relation of supnly to demand which capitalists cannot influence. But, if it wert othcrwiso, tho roto of wages does not represent abso- lutely tho ratio of thoir purchasing power. A ln'gl; roto of wages necessarily implies a high priep of pro- duction, nud a high price of production, a high price of. commodities. Tho 2d a doy of skilled work- men, in tho days of Henry VIII., had a higher pur- chasing power, and represented moro of tho noces of lifo, thou os a doy now. It must also bo horno in mind that increased remuneration to a comparatively small number of producers involves hardship, it may bo total deprivation, to tho groot body of con- sumera. Tho benefit of tho fow is purchased ot tho cxponse of tho many. Neither tho price of com- modores nor tho roto of wages, nor tho duration of tho hours of labour, con bo beneficially inlorferod with by tho State.. Tho prico of commodities depends largoly, if not entirely, on tho roto of wages, and vico verso ; and both, upon tho relotion of supply to demand-which oven tho roost absoluto government cannot permanently, or to any great oxtont, affect. Shortening or lengthening tho hours of labour is equivalent to raising or depressing tho roto of wages. Noither can capitalists, howevor philanthropic, pormanontly raise wages ; for, if wages bo raised, iricos are raised ; and, if prices bn raised, demand is restricted. If demand bo restricted, tho number of producers is diminished-somo uro dispensed with. Those retained get moro, but thoso dispensed with got nothing. But might not tho capitalist, out of is profits, increase tho wages of lu's workers ? Tho profits of capitalists are oftan only Bitch as to enable lim to live-it moy bc-IOBS expensively than his workers. Nay, capitalists moy got Ies3 of tho proceeds of their investments than their workers clo. Tho workers moy got not only nil tho profits, but till tho capital also ; ns ia tho case of capitalists who become insolvent. Even if it were otherwise, every addition to tho wages of lu's own workors would imply so much withdrawn from tho general wago fund, nnd would involvo a disadvantage to workers generally. Whatever tho rato of wages, whotovor thoir pur- chasing power, wage-earners uro novor Batisfled. Their dosiro of incroaso grows with tho increase., The fact ia most fully endmost emphatically illus- trated In the case of tho wogo-oarnors of this and other colonios. There is pervading tho universo,, and nowhere moro plainly than in social economy, «principio of mutual dependency and interest-so thai nothing can either Buffer or rejoice alone. The capitalist cannot finally benefit at the oxponso of the laboitror, nor the labourer at tho expenso of tho capitalist; and finality in this, os in all other matters, should, when possible, be contemplated. What, then, ls the remedy? Tho only remedy for the evils of the church in particular, and of tho world at large, »o far as . it ho« boon possible within th» scope ot this »ddres» to cursorily «md imperfectly refer to them P Aa has been. shawn nil our interests depend on tho oporation of laws llxcd and invariable. What aro those law?, P So far ns our interests as a church and our social interests aro concerned, tho}- ale tho Tau Commandments. Thoso express tlio will of God, propounded for our guidance, in order that wo may secure happiness. To them, thoroforo, necessarily, nil arrangements, whothor in thoChurchorinsocioty, nndallaotions must bo adjusted, in order to this end. These Ton Couir mundmouts nro condonsod into two, "-Thou shalt lovo thu lyord thy God," &c;, and " thy uoighbour ns thyself." This is tho law of charity, tixod and invariable, Uko all tho other laws of Goa. In order thou to tho harmony, poaco, and prosperity of tho Church and of socioty, this law must bo oboyod. If tlio Church and society fail of thoso blessings, what is toi» dono to securo f hem P Wa cannot alter or modify this law to tho oxtont of ono jot or ono tittle If wo could, alteration or modification would bo fatal to tho omi sought. Wo must of uccossity chango our relations to it. Charity and not selfishness must 1«> our moving principle Wo cannot bring tho law into harmony wilh our spirit and action. Wo must bring thcso into harmony with tho law. Mon, slow of heart and unbohoving, hnvo boori nearly six thousand years in learning tho fnct of tho exist- ence omi tho functions of tho" natural IA'WS, and in admitting that thoy aro fixed and invariable. Tlioy hovo boon Kooking to adapt thoso lows to their will, and not thoir will to theso laws. They hnvo thuB been fighting against God; and who can contend with tho Almighty and prosper P They have been suffering in al! their physical interests. With respect to tho natural InwB, thoy are slowly nnd reluctantly learning tho lesson and neting upon it to thoir physical benefit, tho prolongation of lifo, and tho greater onjoyniont of it.' Tho tamo losson tlioy must lenrii witli respect to tho social laws. Having leornod it, they must net up to thoir knowledge ia the one enso ns in tho other. Ouly by doing so cnn they secura racial blessings. To tho extent to which thoy do so, thoy will . certainly secure thom. According to thoir obedience will it bo unto thom. This lesson both classes and musses- tho classes ns woll aB the massos-must loam nud net upon. This lesson it is tho function and tho duty of tho Church to tench and illustrate. Only in being instant in season and out of season in teaching mid illustrating it is sho fulfilling her mission to tho world und justifying hor existence. Tho report of tho business committee having boen I read, it was adopted, with a slight alteration. Tho session was then adjourned till 10 o'clock this morning. 