A TRIP TO COBAR AND THE RABBIT COUNTRY. [From our own Reporter.] Impressed with the desirableness of educating the members of the Assembly respecting the conditions of pastoral settlement in the rabbit-infested dis- tricts of New South Wales, Mr. Waddell, one of the members for Bourke, organised a parliamentary party of inspection. An invitation was sent to a representative of this journal, which was eagerly accepted. It was looked upon as affording an excel- lent opportunity of seeing for one's self what hitherto had only been read about, and of extending acquaintance with the inland country. The weather seemed to be settled, and the prospects of the trip in that respect were decidedly promising. The rendezvous was Redfern Railway Station, on Tuesday evening, June 28. And at five minutes to eight o'clock a division of the Bourke mail train started ahead of the main train. It consisted of two sleeping cars, and the members of the Assembly who had responded to Mr. Waddell's invitation numbered twenty- two. The Hon. John Kidd, Postmaster General, was among them, with the Hon. J. Gavan Duffy, M.P., of Victoria, as his companion. The visitors not members were about the same in num- ber as the parliamentary party, and included representatives of metropolitan and other journals. There is no incident to record before the dawn of Wednesday morning. The party slept peaceably in the bunks until daylight came, and then the sleep- ing cars were by assiduous attendants transformed into day carriages of the ordinary American pattern. The morning was clear and frosty, and the wind which blew strongly made the cheeks ruddy and the ears to tingle. The visitor from the Hunter naturally looked with interest at the character of the country. That entirely differs from that with which he is familiar. The soil is for the most part of a red colour, deepening in places into a rich chocolate brown, and the bush is composed of box-trees, whose bluish green leaves give a somewhat monotonous appearance to the landscape. The aspects of nature seen from the train are not however uninviting, except where ringbarking has killed the trees. Then the country seems here, as elsewhere, to be peopled with ghosts. We learn that we are approaching Wellington, where we are to breakfast. There is plenty of cultivation visible from the carriage-window : fleldB in which the young blade is just peeping above the soil, and fields to which the harrow has. lately given the final touch. The country is undulating without being mountainous, and the chief stock seen are the flocks of goats. Grass is everywhere plentiful, although the season is winter. ' As we near Wellington, signs of our proximity are visible in an increase in the number of farm houses and in the extent of cultivation. The train is speeding along one edge of a broad valley beyond which rise hills of a moderate size and heavily wooded. Wellington is situate in this pretty environment of fields hemmed in by mountains, and seems to be a cheerful and a thriving town. It is scattered as most Australian towns are, and the material most favoured for building is brick. Breakfast in the commodious refreshment-room at Wellington is a meal which every member of the party appears to enjoy. It may conveniently be mentioned here that both in the matter of re- freshment provision and station accommodation this Western line is better furnished than the Northern line. Except at Werris Creek junction, there is no station in the north so generally com- modious as that at Orange for instance. The north has been badly treated in this respect. When we start again from Wellington on the way to Dubbo we presently observe a certain change in the charac- ter of the bush vegetation, though the red soil is pretty constant throughout. Among the box trees appear specimens of the pine and kurrajong, Where the other timber has been destroyed the latter is spared, for its leaves are valuable food for stock, and its safety has become the special care of the State. Maitlanders are not unfamiliar with this tree, but the specimens grown about this district give no notion of the grace and beauty of the best trees in their natural home. We shall have a word to say about the pine later. The cultivation is not solely agricultural, for many newly-planted orchards and vineyards can also be seen as the train passes on. Dubbo ia at last reached. This is the principal town in the West, and is compact and presents every appearance of prosperity. The streets are lighted with gas - so much we can see while the train waits ,- and hansom cabs are drawn up in rank at the station - evidence that the folk enjoy one of the comforts of civilisation. Here, as we saw at Wellington, and as we find afterwards, at Nyngan and Cobar, brick is the usual building material, and the ruddy colour of the houses gives a tone'of cheerfulness to the town whioh is very noticeable. A large number of respectable shops and other considerable buildings can be noted as we go on our way, and the fields environing the town are extensively cultivated for cereals. We gain an impression from our brief survey that the repute of Dubbo for being a thriving place is in no respect exaggerated. Passing from Dubbo to Nyngan, we note that the contour of the country becomes gradually more level. The bush through which we are passing is that with which we are to become abundantly familiar before our trip is over. What we see of it is not calculated to give an exalted idea of its value for settlement. Nyngan, which we reached about one o'clock on Wednesday, is a straggling town, which will, it is to be presumed, acquire some new importance from the circumstance that it is the point of junction for the Nyngan-Cobar with the Nyngan-Bourke rail- way. Here the Bourke mail train leaves us to go on its accustomed way, and our carriages form part of a new train destined to make the initial journey over a railway not yet officially opened. That ceremony of official opening is to take place on Saturday. With it we have small concern, but shall mention it in its place in this narrative. Respecting the Nyngan-Cobar railway, it is in- teresting to note that it is the only unfenced line in the colony. There seems indeed no need for the expense of fencing, for there is no evidence of settlement, and no stock to be seen. The soil is almost devoid of grass or herbage, and the bush is dense. Nevertheless, the tedium of the journey - when we have entered upon it after having dined at Nyngan - is relieved by the news that we have run over and killed two sheep. The country is level, but about half-way to Cobar there rise from above the expanse of bush three somewhat strange-looking mountain peaks. A little farther on the train delays to take in water. Three-quarters of an hour are lost here. For the temporary watering tank - a proper tank is building \- is just a few inches too low to allow the water to flow into the tank of the engine. Consequently, the water has to be coaxed with a shovel to flow uphill, and this effort to conquer nature, though eventually successful, consumes time. We get to Cobar as the sun is declining to the western horizon. Our first glimpse of the town shows it to us occupying the bottom as it were of a vast basin, the rim of which is formed by low elevations en- closing the Cobar valley. Actually, Cobar is built on a flat, and the rising ground about it scarcely deserves the name of hills. How level the site is may be judged when we say that one of the streets, which lies in the line of a run of water on the occa- sion of rainfall, is so formed that instead of being guttered, it slopes from the side to the middle and so takes the shape of a broad and shallow ditch. On Saturday morning this ditch was the bed of a fierce torrent, in which a half-drunken shearer was nearly drowned. This was water running to waste, but Cobar is supplied by a tank excavated some dis- tance away in one of the hills. Conspicuous in the landscape is the chimney-shaft of the now almost idle copper mine, and the wheels and lofty timber structures which are familiar sights in mining localities. About the mine are the cottages where the workmen were formerly housed - many of them clay structures ; that is to say, built of unbaked bricks, much like those which are used for building about the Newcastle mining townships. Cobar proper straggles over the flat. It contains; like all country towns, many public-houses; and we notice that, while these are prospering, two so-called temperance hotels have been closed. The streets are wide; tree-planting has just been begun in them, the chosen trees being the Moreton Bay fig, the pepper tree, and the cedar. When these have grown, their greenness will be grateful to the eye, which can now rest upon nothing but the eternal red of the streets. The boon of coal not being available at Cobar, except at great cost, kerosene lamps are used to light the streets. They certainly are better than no light at all. Cobar has a rather handsome brick courthouse, and the telegraph and post office are under one roof in a commodious and ornamental brick building. The arrival of the train was of course the begin- ning of a series of festivities which ended on Satur- day night. The station was ornamented with flags, and flags and arches were passed under as the vehicles containing the party progressed towards the town. Mr. Hogan, the Mayor of Cobar, at the station welcomed the Hon. John Kidd and his par- liamentary companions, and in a very short time each party of visitors was comfortably housed at the several places in which Mr. Waddell and the local committee had billetted them. Cobar was lively, it was said. We do not know what is its usual condition, but the shops and stores were well apparently stocked, and there was no sign of poverty or decadence. Yet the stranger wonders not unnaturally what keeps a town alive where the principal industry is stopped, about which there is no farming popula- tion, which is no longer in the way of a constant stream of cattle traffic between Queensland and Victoria, and the approaches to which by railway indicate no settlement in the immediate vicinity. Cobar, however, keeps alive, and the people hope for better times. It is the centre through which the wool traffic of the district passes, and the stations on every side are dependent upon it for many of their stores. Two or three gold reefs are worked close by the town, and the copper mine is not absolutely idle, though ore is no longer mined in any quantity, and the extensive smelting works are desolate. Cobar people speak with regret of the period when the furnaces were in full blast, and when many thousands of pounds in wages were paid every fortnight. There is now a little reason to hope for a return, or a partial return, of that happy time. During our visit men were employed getting ore to be sent as a sample to New Caledonia. If it suit, a large export trade in copper will be opened with the French dependency. And should the price of smelted copper rise above £60 per ton, the mine will once more pay to work. One difficulty about smelting at Cobar will, we were told, present itself if work should be resumed, Namely, the supply of wood will be scant, all that available in the vicinity of Cobar having been used up in pre- vious operations. But as farther out practically inexhaustible supplies are available, we presume the difficulty alluded to is not insuperable. We may conclude this reference to Cobar by saying that on the night of our arrival a bazaar was opened for some local purpose, and that we had demonstration that the Salvation Army had an out- post even in the rabbit country. The band came along, with the inevitable drum, and played in front of the Commercial Hotel. This was a convenient rendezvous, and the gather- ing of visitors under its capacious verandah was considerable. A novelty in the band waa that the cornet player was a not uncomely girl, tall, and with a pleasant voice. After some music had been discoursed, this cornet- player made the usual appeal for money. The collection got up with fair rapidity to 10s 1id, and then more gradually mounted to 15s, bnt did not get beyond that. And the solicitations which had the least effect were apparently those of the good-looking lassie. Another woman in the band, who in a rich Doric accent besought the throng to add "another broonie" or " another saxpence," was decidedly the favourite pleader. But the smallness of the sum gathered will probably induce the Salvation Army at Cobar to think that members of Parliament on their travels are not out-of-the-way liberal. Every night during our stay the Army paraded, and made a collection. Thursday morning broke fine and clear, with a keen edge upon the air promising a most enjoyable atmosphere for travellers. The programme was that batches of the visitors should be taken over the rabbit-infested country in different directions, and make their observations. Nine stations were chosen, all so far out that the return of every party to Cobar was extended into Friday. Our destination was the Priory, about 43 miles from Cobar, and our hospit- able host, Mr. J. C. Wallace, was also our charioteer and proved himself to be a most admirable whip as he was a most jolly companion. The party in- cluded Mr. Stevenson, member for the Wollombi, and Mr. Hart, member for Gloucester, and thus composed of congenial elements, got along admir- ably. We were driven over a splendid road, indeed all the roads were then fairly good, but ours was the best, we were told, and we have no reason to doubt the statement. The country is practically a level. Sometimes, in the course of the forty- three miles journey, we came up a little rise, got a view more extensive than the ordinary, and saw over the wide-spreading forest distant ranges of blue hills. But, as a rule, mile after mile the tourist passes over a level country through a forest which has no variety of constituent trees. It is all pine and box, wilga trees and mulga shrubs, the yarran and the wild orange, growing upon the red soil which never alters in colour except in a few places to a yellowish tinge, and which where it is dry enough rises in dust to plenti- fully bepowder clothes and skin. The bush fortunately presents variety of colour, or it would be monotonous indeed. The pine-tree is not ungraceful in shape : in fact, where specimens have chance to develop properly, they are highly ornamental. And the bluish green foliage con- trast« with that of the wilga, a tree resembling the pepper-tree in appearance, but denser in foliage and of a brighter green. Much of the shrubbery is also of a cheerful green, and the mulga-tree, with its grey leaves and fine shape, makes a handsome and conspicuous object. The box-tree and the gum-tree have no special beauty, but they serve to give variety. And there are patches of mallee, - a variety of the eucalyptus, which grows in the shape of a number of slender stems from a common root, but proves its family relationship by its leaves, its flowers, and its smooth white bark. Yet when we say that the forest varies in colour of itsa foliage and that the trees are not in themselves ugly, we say all that can be said in its favour. It is dreary because from mile to mile and from hour to hour you pass through an apparently changeless scene. This world is reputed to be a world of mutation, but here the environment is endlessly the same. You find yourself looking into the vista, and expecting alteration when you arrive at the furthest point to which the sight can reach. And when you get there, you see the same panorama passing you on either side. Some times, where a wire-fence enclosure and a little clearing can be observed, the country, with the pine trees left standing, looks strangely like a neglected park or recreation ground. This is a very occasional variation however. ¡There is no grass or herbage. In some of the moister places a green tinge appears on the red soil, which is not grass but moss, but generally the ground at this time is as bare as a road. Tussocks of last year's grass, eaten down to the roots, appear in parts, but the absence of vegetation upon which stock can live is so notable, that we ask in wonder how sheep can be kept in such country, and what maintains them. A few sheep are noticed, but their condition is such as to give a poor impression of the country. We are also favoured with the sight of a number of emus, and may admire if we choose the ungraceful waggle of their tails as they clear away into the scrub. And two wild turkeys are passed too, close' to the road, whioh they leisurely leave. They are unmolested, for none of us has a gun. It will be noted that we have yet made no mention of having seen a'rabbit. On the railway journey, we were told at a certain point that now we were in the rabbit country. We looked vainly thenceforward, however, for any rabbits. Some of the travellers were fortunate enough to sight a kangaroo, but from the line we had no evidence of the presence of the rabbit pest, except the wire netted fence of which more hereafter. The utter absence of all life was very noticeable. As a matter of fact we saw on the whole journey no live rabbits but five, and they were at the Priory Station, within an enclosed paddock, where their brethren were being pursued to their destruction by Mr Wallace's method of fumigation. As far as live rabbits were concerned, our party was we believe as fortunate as any in seeing them. The fact that so few were visible made faith dif- ficult in their almost incredible numbers no very long time ago. It was said, to assure us, that before the dry weather rabbits got about horse- men's feet even in the Cobar thoroughfares. One of our party came in on Wednesday night with a story of having seen one in the street, but the hour was late, and the story was not swallowed But all the travelling parties had ample evidence of both the existence in numbers and the destructive work of rabbits. Their sign was all over the country. Burrows were pointed out within it may be said almost every acre. All along the road were to be seen the edible shrubs which the destructive rodent had barked or killed. And of course what had been done there was a sample of what had been done all over the region. The absence of grass was admitted to he partly due to the scant ness of the rainfall and the season of the year, and we were assured that with a little more rain, in about six weeks or so herbage would grow every- where knee-high. It was hard to believe it. But the fear was expressed that if such a supply of pasture became available the rabbits would return. Another evidence of their former presence was found in the heaps of decaying bodies of those which had been done to death in ten of thousands by poisoned water at the tanks. At one tank we heard that no fewer than ten thousand dead bodies had been counted. So that, though live rabbits were so few, the party as a whole had ample proof of the asserted extent and destructiveness of the pest. In addition to the heaps of dead bodies at every tank we came to, single dead bodies could be seen throughout the journey lying under trees or on the roadside. The drought has had a beneficial effect; and, if the rabbit were less prolific a breeder, the chances are that nature thus giving a helping hand to man's offensive operations against his enemy, the pest could hereafter be kept under control. People about Cobar cannot now realise the absence of rab- bits, or understand whither they have disappeared to. For the hundreds of thousands 'poisoned do not account for the apparent myriads in which the pest existed only a few months ago. . Yet no one believes anything bnt that with the return of spring the rabbits will come back too in their millions. The incidents of the journey to the Priory were unexciting. We should have mentioned that at starting our near poles - we were drawn by four horses - resorted the labour to be imposed by the trip by throwing himself down, and this trick he repeated on the ontward jonrney whenever after a brief halt he was required to go on again. We had confidence in our Jehu, however, after the journey began, and felt no great alarm. At the Brura Government tank, a little more than half- way between the Priory and Cobar, we stopped for luuch. We had previously turned a little aside to see a tank where rabbits had been poisoned. But as the water in the main tank had evidently over- flowed into the small vessel which had contained poisoned water, and as bodies of rabbits were seen in the margin of the tank, no one ventured to drink that water, even if tempered with whisky. But the water at Brura tank was clean and pure. We were shown how a receiving tank, of smaller dimensions than the main excavation, catches the silt and can readily be cleaned out when full, while the water passes comparatively without sediment into the large reservoir. Then it is pumped for use into an elevated iron tank which delivers it through a tap into a long trough where travelling stock may drink. This Brura tank is in charge of a lessee, Matthews, who pays £30 a year, but is practically being starved out by reason of the falling off in the stock traffic. We have to thank him for a weloome cup of tea and some cake, recognised by our companions as "brownie," and which is the delicacy it would appear of the back-blocks table. Mr. Mathews has fenced off a flower garden, and was enclosing a bit for a cultivation-paddock. His flower garden showed that the absence of grass and herbage in the country was not due to any poverty in the soil. He had rose trees, strawberries, geraniums, chrysanthemums, marigolds, tomatoes, flowering vines, jonquils, and arum lilies, in the most sturdy condition, simply because he had plenty of water available to irrigate the beds. A drain has been made from the tank to a cask in the garden, and thus the water was handy. The two special glories of the garden were however some pansies with blooms an inch and a half in diameter, and a desert pea plant growing luxuriantly in this its native clime, and now gorgeous with flower. There were also vegetables as healthy-looking as the flowers, and the garden as a whole was a pleasant spot of fertility in the surrounding barrenness. After leaving Brura tank, we drove on through the never-changing scene, passing two roadside hostelries, and reaching the Priory early in the afternoon, although we had to leave one of our leaders at Brura tank, because he was too sick for further travel, The only live rabbits seen by our party were noticed, as has already been said, in the Priory. The homestead we found a place well situated at the top of a long slope, and where a good deal of scrub had been cleared. In the mid- distance are some cultivation paddocks, with the crop in its young greenness, and over the miles of bush beyond rose a mountain range that agreeably diversified the scene. We are introduced to Mrs Wallace and receive a hearty welcome, and not the least pleasant experience of the trip was the time spent under the roof of the Priory Homestead. Whist, music, and song in which Captain Wallace \- our host's brother - shone, alternated with con- versation to make the evening hours seem short, and after a comfortable night's rest, we all rose refreshed for our return drive. Before the sun set on Thursday, we had been taken by Mr. Wallace to see the tank which conserves a great supply of water for station use, and for the purposes of woolscouring, a plant of very complete character being available. Water from the tank is used to irrigate a garden, under the care of a Chinaman. Here were cabbages and cauliflowers, peas and celery, equalling the finest the Hunter can produce. Lucerne was also growing well, and in favourable seasons it reaches a height equal to any in this district. Vines and fruit trees also thrive with water to help the natural richness of the soil, and melons and oranges do fairly well. Another party saw wheaten and oaten straw, of amazing length and strength ; and, given the com- mand of water, there seem to be few products of the earth which cannot be grown to advantage in this apparently desert country. The first condition of settlement in this part of the West is manifestly the provision of water by artificial means. There are no natural streams. The region is waterless. Then rainfall is capricious ; and, if what comes is allowed to waste, stock can- not live. Hence the settler must begin by making a tank. These reservoirs are excavated in favourable positions, and water falling on the surface is directed into them by drains and embankments. . In a country so level, the fall of the land cannot always be easily noted, and tanks have not in every case been made in the best situations. But experience helps, and now there is an ample supply of artificial water ia most places. For the rainfall is sufficient if pro- vision be duly made against its waste for watering purposes. Where it falls short is in the regularity of its recurrence, and pasturage is profuse or the reverse according as the rain is bounteous or the contrary. This being the case, it can easily be understood that there ís no food to spare with so greedy a feeder as the rabbit. There is none too much for sheep, if they had it all. But the rabbit takes their share, and thus profitable stock suffer. The conditions of pastoral occupation in the Cobar district are sufficiently adverse, were the rabbit unknown. His existence threatens to make them unendurable ¡ and, if he cannot be got rid of, or kept in check, the country must be given over to him. Mention has been made of the use of poisoned water in coping with the pest. Arsenic and strych- nine are used, and this device has been of great value in getting rid of the thousands who come to drink to their destruction. Poison in another form has also been found effective. Wheat or the twigs of edible shrubs saturated with arsenic or phosphorus, are distributed over the run by means of a cart to which is attached a sort of plough which digs a continuous groove in the soil. The pipe of a hopper filled with the poisoned food opens above the groove, and leaves a train of wheat or sticks which the rabbits greedily devour. On the Priory run we were shown the operation of fumi- gating the burrows with charcoal fumes. This is both a cheap and a certain method of destruction. If the men applying it are honest and faithful, they can slaughter rabbits by the thousand. Burrows are a series of underground galleries con- nected with each other, - excavated by a bush quadruped and taken possession of and enlarged by rabbits. The fumigator is a simple contrivance. On a wheelbarrow frame is mounted an iron drum with a closely- fitting cover, into which any wood is put. Behind it is a cylinder in which a large piston is worked with a handle. The wood is ignited in the drum and the fire kept alive by air driven by the strokes of the piston. The machine being brought to a burrow, a pipe proceeding from the front of the drum is put into one of the holes. Continued working of the piston sends the smoke into the hole, and when the smoke ís seen issuing from any of the numerous other holes of the burrow, a man with a shovel closes them, so that all the smoke that is pumped in, remains in the burrow, extends to its utmost ramifications and suffocates all the rabbits. They rarely attempt to make their way out. Should they endeavour to do so, the man with the shovel inflicts a speedy death, but their commoner lot is painless extinction by the action of the fumes. One drawback to the employment of charcoal fumes is that it also destroys iguanas, natural enemies of the rabbit, should they also have taken refuge in the burrow. Ferrets have been found useful agents of destruc- tion, but they are apt to get lost, and to contract diseases. Hence, according to Mr. Wallace, char- coal fumigating is the preferable agent, and its economy is all in its favour. Among the trees of this bush, the pine alone is useful for timber purposes. It grows to no great size, unfortunately - that is a decent tree which yields 36 feet of sawn timber. But the wood is durable, it is almost absolutely white- ant proof; it has a pleasantly pungent odour ; and when green, it is easily worked. Fencing stuff, building material, and gates would require to be imported but for the pine. Planed and varnished, it makes very pretty inside decorations for rooms. Its ground colour is bright yellow, but it is full of dark brown knots, which glow richly under the varnish. Yet the pastoralist would willingly sur- render the pine, though it is undoubtedly a valuable timber, if other timber were available. It can be manipulated easily when green, and nails are driven in it then without trouble. But if allowed to get dry a hole must be bored for every nail. And, once used, the timber cannot be removed, since it splits readily, but must be allowed to remain permanently in its original location. More- over, on the runs, pine trees produce pine scrubs, which are as destructive to vegetation as rabbits, since they take complete possession of the ground. _ It is one of the vexatious characteristics of the rabbit pest that it will eat no shrub which sheep will not eat. The wilga, the wild orange, the rose- wood shrub, the emubush, the hop bush, sandal- wood, etc., are valuable for sheep food when there is no grass. The rabbit also appreciates them. We were shown shrubs of these varieties all along our route which rabbits had barked, and had even mounted among the branches to get at the leaves. But the pine scrub, which the pastoral lessees would gladly dispense with, is shunned by the rabbit, and grows in an unchecked luxuriance which only the axe can arrest. If only in the order of nature rabbits had been attracted by pine scrub, they would have been regarded as somewhat of a blessing in disguise. As it is, their fancy for the edible shrubs which are of value constitutes them the unmitigated nuisance which the country has found them. All the inspecting parties noticed how extensivo was the use of wire netting. Many miles of the railway fence before reaching Nyngan are netted, and on the Nyngan-Cobar railway, where a wire netted fence crosses beneath the line at a viaduct a device has been adopted to prevent the rabbits from getting along the railway, and thus defeating the object of the netting. At the place where they might be expected to elude the wire-netting the rails have been filed down and bevelled, and at the side a wooden slide fixed, down which it is hoped the rabbit will slip into a trap, instead of being able to pass along the rail, as he will probably desire. In the Priory run and elsewhere, paddocks have been secured by wire netting affixed to the wire of the fences, and thus rabbits from outside are prevented from trespassing, while those still within are held at the mercy of the destroyer. It was in such an enclosure that we saw the five live rabbits above alluded to. And here too, as has been said, the fumigation was in constant employment. The grievance of the pastoral lessees in the Cobar district ia that in spite of the untoward conditions in which they must carry on their industry, the Government harasses and discourages instead of helping them. They conserve water, they destroy useless scrub, they cultivate, they fight the rabbits, \- in short, against old and new enemies, in circumstances which they expected to encounter and in the unforeseen circumstances attributable to the rabbit pest, they have improved the country in its stock-carrying capacity. And their experience has been that what they have done by labour, and at great expense in thus enhancing the value of the public estate, has been made the occasion at the recent assessment of the holdings for raising their rents fifty, a hundred, even two hundred per cent. We heard many sad stories of how men who had endured privation, who had taken bad seasons with, - good, who had invested their all in the enterprise, had lost their money and their holdings. And we were also told that, as if to make the injustice con- spicuous, of taking increase in carrying capacity due to a man's own outlay as a reason for rackrenting him, that where lessees took no steps effectually to put down the rabbit pest, they were asked only ' to pay the old rentals, or had their rents reduced, while their neighbours, more enterprising, were taxed because they had made improvements. The man who deserved least of the State, that is say, was most considered, and the man who deserved most has to suffer. It is just possible that those who have fought the fight languidly against rabbits have been languid not for want of spirit so muoh as for want of means. Yet the practice of punishing the men who maintain a strenu- ous warfare seems scarcely the way to keep up their spirit. We cannot imagine circumstances more trying to the bravest. The conditions are at no time out of the way cheerful. Men who go into such a country surrender many of the comforts of civilisation. The climate is trying. If they marry or are married when they go to work, they must share their enjoyment of the comforts of a home with the disquiet arising from a sense of the priva- tions which wife and children suffer. These are considerations which entitle them to such encour- agement as the State - the only entity which can certainly afford reasonable encouragement in their circumstances - can give. The Government should recognise the disabilities under which these men labour, and withhold no aid and no cheer which in justice to the community at large can be conceded. If something be not done to make the conditions of occupation more tolerable, and to enable the lessees to maintain the fight with the rabbit?,, whole provinces will be given up. The process of abandonment has already 'in fact gone pretty far. About 3,700,000 acres in the dis- trict have been thrown up. That means that even the operation against rabbits which lessees conduct will not be continued. For the Government does nothing directly in the way of destruction. And unoccupied Crown land means the maintenance of breeding grounds for the unchecked reproduction of the pest. The history of the gradual incursion of the rabbit, in New South Wales is no doubt familiar to our readers. This enemy to the country came from Victoria. When his numbers in New South Wales some few years ago induced the Government to take the alarm, the process of destruction by a paying a bonus for scalps was attempted. It was a process costing the State and the lessees enormous sums, but it had the effect of augmenting the destroying army rather than of lessening it. And another ill effect of the system, in the opinion of Mr. Wallace - and it does indeed seem a just opinion - is that the high wages men earned as rabbitters gave them such erroneous notions of the profitableness of bush work that they have never been contented since. The. rabbit bonus system waa thus a contributing cause to the great strike. Since the failure of the bonus system has discredited it, other methods such as those men- tioned above have been resorted to. And in this connection it may be observed that nature, if not the great destroyer, was nevertheless, a stout ally The effectiveness of poisoned water would not have been discovered but for the drought. Rabbits, it seems, can do almost without water when grass is plentiful. But when they were driven to subsist upon the scrub, and were by their ravages lessen- ing the supply of even that food, they came in to the tanks everywhere. And the time is just oppor- tune for following up with rigour the work of des- truction which nature and man together have achieved. As has been repeated more than once already, the rabbits have gone, and yet no one hopes their disappearance is per- manent. When it is considered that a pair of rabbits begins to breed when it is four months old, that the period of gestation is twenty-eight days, that the litter varies in number from six to eleven, that every pair produces at least eight litters a year, it will be allowed that a single pair allowed to survive embodies the possibility of the return and extension of the rabbit pest in all its most alarming features. Pastoralists express a doubt whether the bush vegetation will ever again be what it was before the rabbits came into the Cobar country. They fear that the grass and herbage have been rooted up. At any rate the general belief is that a season must elapse before sheep can be restored in anything like numbera to the areas which rabbits have invaded. The festivities in connection with the opening of the Nyngan-Cobar railway were somewhat damped by rain which on Saturday morning began to fall. The official opening at the station was succeeded by a meeting in the Commercial Hall, where speeches were delivered by Mr. Lyne and others, and where the people were regaled as well with whiskey and beer in generous quantities. In the evening a social was held in the same place, and toast-drinking and speaking protracted the proceedings well into Sunday morning. The oppor- tunity was, however, a favourable one both for the pastoral lessees of the district and other local residents to bring anew before their visitors their needs in the way of relieving legislation, and for the visitors to declare the impression produced by what they had heard and seen during their Cobar sojourn. The prospects held out of good to result from Mr. Waddell's enterprise are not, judging from the speeches, uncheering. Most of the par- liamentary party consisted of labour members, and the tone of their addresses was uniformly in favour of just and prompt legislation. They expressed themselves informed by what they had seen to the extent of revelation. One or two speakers, indeed, said that, as they had seen the district manifestly at its worst, and yet could not but be aware that sheep had been put upon the country, homesteads erected, and operations under- taken by men who thought occupation destined to be profitable, they would take an opportunity to see what it was when the grass had grown again and the conditions had improved. But every mem- ber without exception, and some most warmly, pro- mised a careful consideration of any well-devised plan for amelioration of the lot of the pastoral tenants, provided that the claims of the community at large were remembered. Strong indignation was expressed with the action of the Land Board in increasing rents, and the incompetency of the appraisers was insisted upon by many speakers. Mr. Stevenson especially was earnest on this theme, and his vigorous utterances "brought down the house," in theatrical language. Mr. Waddell, in a forcible speech, pointed out how essential to the absorption of unemployed labour was legislation enabling the pastoralists to hold profitably and improve the land, and Mr. Kidd, on behalf of Ministers, undertook that they would deal with the question at an early period of the ensuing session. He hinted that in his opinion the amending law should give local authorities pcwer to administer its provisions in the light of local knowledge as to the conditions of pastoral occupation. Other speakers pointed out how essential it was that the compulsory element should be introduced in any legislation. Otherwise, it was urged, by the negligence of any individual or of the Government, the most strenuous fight against rabbits maintained by enterprising pas- toralists would be neutralised. In brief, the speeches of the pastoralists and their advocates were to the effect that something must be devised Bpeedily and effectually to arrest the destructive wave of rabbits, which would otherwise ravage the whole of New South Wales. And the Government and the visitors who were members promised that that something should be promptly attempted and considered in the light of information gained during the visit. How, between dry weather and rabbits, the sheep of the Cobar district have dwindled may be gathered from the following figures. At one station of the nine visited on Thursday, from 50,000 the sheep had got down to 25,000 ; at another, in- stead of 42,000, 15,000 were last season depastured. Another in 1887 mustered 103,000 ; now the tale is 30,000. On a fourth, instead of 35,000 depasturing only 4000 can be counted ; and the number on a fifth is only 2000 instead of the 10,000 to 15,000 of old. It has been mentioned that we saw no live rabbits but five. We were supposed to be in a sheep country, and to get to the Priory we had to pass three stations. Sheep were as little visible as rabbits. On the return journey a few miserable skinny specimens were passed, picking up a scanty nourishment in the scrub, but no one could imagine from mere inspection of the country that he was in a district of which the wool- growing industry was the only industry. And yet men have settled here in hope, and have become by their outlay and their exertions bo wedded to their runs that they aro not able to divorce themselves. All they have in the world has been sunk in the enterprise now threatened by rabbits with utter extinction. The party left Cobar on the return journey at eight o'clock on Sunday morning and reached Sydney without adventure at about five o'clock on Monday. 