%\xz g t o t j j - ^ l k r , j • HOW WILL IT END ? A STORY FOUNDED ON FACT. BY L. A, MIDGLER. CHAPTER I. It had been a piping day, such a day as can only be felt in India, and the officers' mess-room of the 14th Native Regiment was the largest and generally the coolest in the station; yet even there the punkahs made very little differenee to the heat and oppression of theatmo- ! sphere, and the officers were most of them in various stages of collapse, equal only to imbibing iced drinks of all kinds, and now and hen breaking the stillness with forcible ex- „: • „ , r ... . . .. 1.j- . • 1 T ^ h Tesiger," h S ^drawled r " S Simpkins, w ^ L a pal6j freckled) sandy- haired youth, who 1 j f- j \- - - fled '^T^v?^" a ? j™/" 1 ** 0 ™. y° u ^ow.Jwfh the Colonel had chosen any ?tber time of the ye^-for his leave. Now that ' i 1 E0 hot thi homd 't Thompson will be having us out at all hours for ^ ^ drUI r to spite us. H 3 has nothing of the forbearing Christian about him, and really my complexion will be quite spoilt!" " Don't trouble yourself, dear boy," was the quiet reply l ; "you can hardly call it one of 0' seB> ond alit y tle 'J®^ 0 k-ss will not make much difference." There was a murmur of disapproval from the offended Simpkins ovai.rom me . .1 _ . „ you; come with me," and, linking his arm through the young subaltern's, they went out together. "So nice to be the Colonel's pet,"sneered Simpkins, whose usual careless good temper had been ruffled. " Trust tho young and unsophisticated for knowing which side their bread is buttered !" But no notice was taken of liis remark, for_ Thesiger was a great favourite, and the Colonel, though strict in thrdT^charge of'hfs duty,""was^beloved "bT aU under him. The two wended their way towards the Colonel's bungalow. They were firm friends, and on many an occasion Colonel Hilton had acted a father's part to the ycung man when he had first joined, and now another tie drew them together, for Alan Thesiger was engaged KlitlUl'di bo IAJ the LUO \\_rf Colonel's pretty daughter Jl Nellie, " who the year before had returned to Ireland with herbro! • brother. "And how did the court martial end?" asked Alan. "As I knew it would," was the reply, "as all attemjits at insubordination must end—in disgrace and dismissal from the regiment. Foor Bhola ! I felt sorry for bim, for he was a fine Epecimen of a native soldier ; but for the sake of discipline it was impossible to do otherwise. He has sworn to be revenged on me, and it is a well- known fact that these men at'r.ck, so that he may have the life-long miec-ry of knowing he has been the cause of his dear one's death.. It is a curious idea, and 1 am more than thankful my wife and Nellie are safe at home, or I should have been most y their account. And now I mu,t „..i.„ „„ c„„i a :„ lur.ke my final preparations, for the Serapis Is early to-morrow morning, and there is stlll much" to be done. I hope to be back again j e . hs> ti and keep me 1 w posted . •. up in - all ,, the ., news. ' Give A- me any letters ou may have ready to go, and I will writeout a < or/ ers f or youto give Thompson forme." j Things rri - were soon in ;„ marching „i,,,' trim, ,.„-„ and j Alan left to go to his quarters. The Colonel came to the door of his bungalow, as he said "Good- night" in his cheery way. " To morrow morning, Alan, sharp five, the vessel sails; I shall be on board before that, and I daresay I shall see you." "All right, Colonel, I shall be there," and Alan went off whistling. The other throwing away the end of bis cheroot, re-entered. Had he glanced back i. moment later he would have seen a dark form glide swiftly across the compound and gain the bushes beyond. The Colonel would hardly have rested ; so easily had he known tbat bis homeward ; steps would be cogged, by an enemy, waiting only for anjopportunity of revenge, and that enemy was Bhola, the disgraoed soldier, The next morning the Serapis steamed out of Bombay on ber homeward course with the usual freight of passengers—colonels.retiring in the prime of life, forced to inactivity by the new law which robs the army of some of its best men; officers invalided home; mothers taking their children b»ck to England, others off - ^ t—- for a r..... few months' i.™^ml leave, and flu the Rtoi 51st Pum. Regiment returning after fifteen yearsm India. All was noise anri excitement on beard, and the in evitable bustle which prevails until each one has shaken down into his or her place. Among the steerage passengers might have been seen a black man, who kept aloof from those around him, making friends with no one, but always quietly on the aiert. He came and vrent aB 1, 6 pleased. He was thought to be £ome one s servant, and he encouraged the idea. Sometimes in the evening, when all was quiet, and the first-class passengers were at dinner, he would steal stealthily on deck, and, biding behind one of the thick coils of rope, remain there, listening to all that went on far into the night, until the last straggler had retired to rest. Then he, too, would pass quietly to his quarters. He seemed harmless enough, but he was a powerfully built man, and few would have cared to interfere with him or rouEe the sleeping lion. CHAPTER II. Eiiningtrn Manor, from which the small vilhi^e near ti.ok its name of Barrington, was a lo\>]y old house which had belonged for tenturies to the Hiltons, one of the most ancient families in the County of Cork. It was situated on a hill surrounded on three sides by shrubberies, and approached on the fourth by a long drive, which wound down the hill for some distance through a lovely park, and terminated in an old ivy-covered archway and large iron gates, which always during the daytime stocd hospitably open. The house itself had been added to at various times, and looked what it was—not overpowerinelv magnificent or even imposing, but a thoroughly charming and comfortable home. The entrance hall was perhaps the mo?t beautiful part of it, having several very handsome old carved oak pillars, which supported an arched roof, and the broad shelving staircase was also of oak. It was a large house, with winding passages and long corridors with roomi on either side, but throughout it all there was a feeling of homely comfort aud cheei fulness which many a smaller house often lacks. The furniture was cosy and suited to the rooms, nor had tha occupants joined in the high art craze. Di-[>eries arranged .in every possible ot iiii],'"bible corner were as yet unknown is Bai i Lngton. Th<\- family party was a small one, consisting of Coh.iiti Hiitun, already introduced, and w ho h;:d a few days since arrived from India; his wife, Mrs. Tiilton; Nellie, their only (laiurhtci : :.iul dure I'Vitherntone, a young girl, and Nellie's greatest frimd, who had been spending a few weeks with her. These two were inseparable companions, though very different in character, for Clare was all energy and decision, and Nellie owned that sweet yielding disposition .preferred by so many. In the meanwhile, ho.v had it fared with Bhola ? When the Colonel landed at Queenstown, he, too, left the vessel, and by a few judicious enquiries learnt that the village of Harrington was about twelve miles distant. He was in no great hurry, and the next few days were spent m arranging his plan of action as far as waa possible without being actually on the spot. He made up his mind to walk the distance, as then his arrival would be less noticeable han if he went by train ; and his small store of fcavings was nearly exhausted, so it behoved him to be careful. It was a gloomy, dark evening when ha : eached the park gates, having passed through the village street without meeting any one. A more favourable time he could not have wished for, and as he reconnoitred the grounds, and noticed tbe many advantages and places of concealment, his hopes rose high as he saw before him the vision of vengeance satisfied. Oftberiskto himself he thought nothing. Bisk was natural to him, and he trusted to his native quickness to extricate himself . from UUJ anyawkward MnnnaLU ^njaiviuu. position. 1IU He iltlU had urOUKDV brought j with him prorisions enough to last a week and early morning and late evening saw him prowlj ing about and acquainting himself with tho I habits of the household. Nellie and Clara little knew that in their daily rambles their : steps were dogged, and eyes full of hatred gleamed at them >rom the surrounding bushes, It was All-HallowsEve. The household had retired to rest, but the two girls were still t a 'l"ng over the library fire, relating all tha most bloodcurdling ghost stories thevliad ever heard of or read; now and then looking fearfully over their shoulders into the shadowy corners of the room, as if they half expected to see some ghostly visitant emerge, until at last, when twelve o'clock struck and they rosa to light their candles, Nellie declared she was far too'nervouB to be left alone, and that Clare must sleep with her. Clare laughingly assented. Though protesting that she herself was not at all frightened, she felt a secret satisfaction in the thought that, after all, she would not be left alone in her large and somewhat eerie room, where the wind roared so loudly in tha chimney, and the old faded arras shook in the dim firelipht. As she entered her room to fetch a few things preparatory te rejoining Nellie. Clara glanced, as was her wont,' under the bed, for, she said, there is no knowing, one might discoVer a burglar there one night. However, she saw nothing, only towards the far side, near the wall, there seemed a brown bundle of something. She walked to the fire, and stood thinking, when it flashed across her that thenight before that brown bundle had not been there. It is curious, she thought, I will look again, and once more taking the candle in her hand, ehft lifted the valance nnd peered beneath the bed.' when two fiery gleaming eyes met hers. It w as the work of a moment to drop thevalanoe and run. She burst into Nellie's room with a breathless "Nellie, there is a man under my; bed. We must call some one !" Hand in hand the two girls cav?e into the passage, when to their horror a black woolly head_ was cautiously put round Clare's door, Nellie gave a shriek and ruebod into her room, Clare remained where she was, petrified with fright, till, seeing a dark form follow the head andmake towards her with silent, rapid strides down the corridor, she, too, turned and after her friend, whom she found fainting on on the the flnnr \- , , ^ *** .following, and she could only trust to^elhes shriek having oused the Colonel, whose room was not very far down the passage. She drew Nellie on one ^de, and prepared to face the enemy. In one moment he was in the doorway, and then commenced a terrible and almoet hand-to-hand ^fiJi He 1 - never noticed tbe unconscious figura lying there. All .his fury was dieted a S ain!t Clare, who defended herself as bc£t ghe b keeping him at bay with a 1 Tj - - - . 1 . . , and with a dexterous movement twisted it from her hold. &s; the danger increased, Clare grew steadier, and her courage rose. It remained for her to keep the tabic between them, for it was too wide for him to reach across. Backwards and forwards they dodged, now waiting to gain breath. Clare kept a keen eye on every movement of the form before her. One slip, and she knew if c would all be over. As much as pos- «ble the kept her adversaiy's back to the door, so that, should help arrive, he might be taken unawares. There was a sound outside, and heE eye brightened. An instant later, Colonel Hilton entered the room, and with one fell swoop the man dropped to the ground. " Bhola." exclaimed the astonished Colonel, "how. did he get , , here?" But there was no tlme t o waste, the household was soon roused, Restoratives brought to the two girls, and. Bhola was securely fastened to one of the oak pillars in the balL Reaction had set in, and poor Clare's feelings were difficult to describe. The fchock had been a very severe one, and ft - was months before she recovered her usual nerve and presence of mind, and Nellie, naturally timid, although she had been un« conscious during the worst part of tbe adventure, was in a teirible state of fright, and needed constant reassurance that Bhola - was firmly attached to tbe pillar. And Bhola, himself, when he recovered consciousness, and found he was a prisoner, made frantic efforts to escape, but they were of no avail, and he sullenly resigned himself to his fate, and tothe failure of his plan of vengeance. The next day he was lodged in the county gaol, and brought up at the following assizes, when it transpired that he had followed the Colonel to Ireland, hidden in the shrubberies near the house, and watched his opportunity of ntering unperceived. The mistake he made as taKing Clare for Nellie, and even when he learnt I»«mt that she bJib was uas not his bated hated enemy's a 'f was TJZ defeated, and he vowed that when his five years' imprisonment lmnrisnnment were over oe he wouiu would dog her footsteps until he had wreaked his vengeance. The trial was over, Bhola was removed, and the Hiltons breathed more freely to think they were safe from the presence of one whose creed and customs forbade the forgiveness of any injury whatsoever, and with whom the law of the vendetta was very strong. The five years' penal servitude are ended, and Clare is wondering how it will end. Ther» is no more fear for her friends the Hiltons, foe it is to her Bhola has transferred his undying d for herself, she feels there is every fear, - and ' - '•. that • unless something unforeseen * occurs, her days are numbered. Such a man as that never forgets or forgives, and lives only to keep his vow.— Weekly Scotsman. 