LIKE A FAIRY TALE OF SCIENCE. . Professor Garnier's Expedition. Professor Garnier, who' has made reBsarohes in tho domain of ths " simian tongue," is now about to si art for, the wilds of Africa to study the ape amid "his native surroundings, and'he supplies to' the North American Review an account of what he expects to accomplish.. He intends tn call to his aid " all the engines of human invention " whioh may conduce to his success, and it would seem none of Jules Verne's heroes will have the ghost of a chance beside him. * THE PROFESSOB'S^WONDBBFUL CAGE. Professor Gwrnier's outfit will, of course, embrace < a phonograph, a photo camèia, telephones, an eleotric battery, and so on ; but the most novel>ppölntment will be a cage, which he has specially designed for the trip, and bf which he gives the follow- ing description :- The cage is made of steel wire woven into a diamond-shaped lattice, with a two-inch mesh, and framed in strong steel frames. Each panel of the cage is 3ft 6in. square, and there are in all 24 panels, each one interchangeable with all the rest, so'that they can be united with ease into a cube of 7ft. square, and any side will serve for the top or bottom, and any panel can be used as a door. THE USES OF THE CAGE. The uses to which the cage m»y be put will of. course be numerous :-It can be erected as easily as a tent, and will be used at night to camp in. It will eerve me asa h¿uae while I may be detained in making terms with the natives or studying their speech; and.it will bea fortress in the junglo, where I must spend much Of my time in fryiug to find the secret which I seek. But the use of my cage will not be limited to a mere place of safety from the wild beasts that prowl through the forests at night ; it will serve also SB a depot for my supplies. It. will be locked securely to the adjacent trees by three strong chains attached to, a Y shaped iron bolted through the top uf the cage. It will contain ham-' mock and camp-chair. Beside« hese, it will be occupied by my photograph, photographic instruments, telephones. ¡md electric battery with which ^operate them _ A single charge of thi Selectric battery will last for about 300 consecutive hours. By the use of a small switch- board I shall be able to fire my flash light at night, or to snap my kodak in the daytime, and to operate my telephones if necessary. In case of danger or un- expected attack, by the use of my switch- board and by means of an induction coil, I can charge the entire cage nith elec- tricity, devoloping an alternating current of about 300 volts. "In leaving my cage with ita contents for any length of time, I shall simply charge it in this matter"with electricity, in order that in my absence my meddlesome neighbors may. - be induced to let it alone. £ UNIQUE AND KARTE «US. A unique and marvellous experiment among the many which the Professor .expects to be able to perform is that of phonographing the sounds of the apes at a distance from his cage, where his phono- graph will be located at times. I shall accomplish thia (he says) by means of the telephones which 1 am having constructed for the purpose with a waterproof cable wire connected at one end with the diaphragm of the phonograph, and at the other end (which may be carried any distance, even a mile or more through the forest) connected with a small telephone concealed in a tin horn ; all of which will be painted a dingy green in order that it may be concealed in the leaves, or hidden in the moss or undergrowth of the forest. In front cf this horn will be placed decoys, batts, effigies, mirrors, or such other means as may be found necessary to induce tho cbimpanzaes and gorillas to utter their sounds there, which sounds, of course, will be immediately transmitted to and recorded on the phonograph cylinders, which - will be operated by electricity., . ' > DEADLY'WEAPONS. Tho Professor's outfit will, of course, include some deadly weapons. : To fire a gun in the forest would alarm the animals and drive them, from the locality. But the Professor's resources are equal to all emergencies :-I have devised a gun and missile buited to my special use. The gun barrel is simply a straight reed about. 4ft. long, bored out smooth and uniform, and the missile is driven by the force imparted by two strong rubber:bands and two steel springs. The weapon is charged with an arrow or dart, having, a steel head of peculiar design, which is forced open on entering its quarry, the contents of the arrow head being thereby dis- charged. The arrow hoad will contain 15 drops of prussic icid. In case I shall see an animal or a group of animals which I mty desire to secure, by the use of this instrument I can secure either one or all of them without unnecessary injury or, alarm. ""-The effect of this acid discharged in the blood is almost instantaneous , and painless death. ^ : . . ' , TO KEEP THE FEROCIOUS BEAST AT BAT." ; For personal preservation Professor Gamier has a more wonderful weapon still : -Sly masked battery, consists of a rubber canteen of ' my own devioe, to which, is attached a hose about 2ft. fong, on the end of which is à metallic nozzle,' provided with a . ring to. fit thfa fourth finger1, and a valve opening and closing like a flute key. The canteen will be. worn buckled under the arm, while the ring on the nozzle will be worn on the fourth .finger of the right hand, so that it may -bo used ... on" the' instant in case of surprise.' This battery will. be... charged with concentrated ammonia, a douche; of . which inicióse quartern will sot the most - ferocious beast to thinking. :'. [???;.?_ ' -."v . "KO END BDI TRUTH." : Most readers will think the Professor's preparations fairly, adequate, but it is gratifying to learn that if the plans he has laid shall fail V new.' ones will be thought out and.put to the test." I feel adequate to the task of meeting these anio.als .on their v own grounds, believing ; that my intelligence will be equal to their brute strength. I am willing to forgo the com- forts of civilised life, the ' endearments of home, and the blessings of health and plenty, and . take upon myself the hard ships,; the ? privations,; and the toil of such a journey,^that I may. give to the world the secret with which to pass the gates of speech. : I a«k no reward but success ; I seek no end but truth. 