OUR SHORT STORY. A KNIGHT OF CHIVALRY. BY FLORENCE MARRYAT, Author of " Fighting the Air," "Her Father's Name," " Love's Conflict." " Veronique," &c;, &e.; Copyright, 1892, by Tillotson f Son.) PART li. " My Cynthia ! my dearest, sweetest Cynthia," murmured the voice of Lucius O'Neil in her ear, as his lips rested on her own "I have only lived for this happy moment." " Is it Lucius ?" cried the old lady, jumping up, and letting all her knitting fall upon the ground. " Aye ! isn't it Lucius ?" responded her husband, chuckling. " I thought we would surprise you, mother. I met him walking over from Melcombe Station. He says he was in too great a hurry to write." " Yes ! yes ! we only landed yesterday, and as soon as I could get leave I started for Dovecot," said Captain O'Neil, shak- ing hands with Mrs. Needham, and then he returned to Cynthia and whispered, " My dearest love ! how perfectly happy I am now." Cynthia was bewildered. She looked from her lover to her parents and burst into a fit of hysterical weeping. What did in all mean ? Why did he speak so \- kindly to her Was this the answer to the cruel letter she had sent him But Captain O'Neil continued to talk happily, and his eyes continued to bear whenever they turned in her direction, until she almost forgot the punishment in store for her, and ventured to look at her fiance in return. He was certainly a goodly man to look upon. He had left England a year before, a handsome youth, but travel and time and experience had transformed him to a stalwart and noble looking man. His face was bronzed by the eastern sun, and bearded like a pard, but his blue eyes were as kindly as ever, and his smile as sunny and open as that of a child. Cynthia compared him mentally with Granville Mostyn, and could not help acknowledging that he gained by it. She had deeply lamented her rashness in sending him her letter of dismissal before, and now she felt as if she would give her life to recall it. She believed that Lucius was restrain- ing his indignation in deference to the presence of her parents, and she was so nervous of what he would say to her when alone, that as soon as Mr. and Mrs. Needham left them together, she dashed through sheer fright, into the subject herself. "Lucius! you received my letter, of course ?" "What letter, my darling ?" ifThe one dated the eleventh of June "The eleventh of June ? Let me see; I am not sure. What was in it ?" " Oh, nothing particular that is, it was a very loo gone, and" " What a shame I should have missed it, and when all your letters were so precious to me. The eleventh of June, you say. By Jove ! It must have come by the Orion. She carried despatches of the eleventh." " And you had none from me ?" inquired Cynthia. "None from anybody, dearest. The poor Orion sunk on a hidden rock before she reached Alexandria, and all the mails went down with her." " The letters were lost !" cried Cynthia, joyfully. " Of course they were lost, love. They lie at the bottom of the sea, full fifty fathoms deep." " Oh, I am so glad," exclaimed the girl, involuntarily. " What makes you glad ? I am sorry to have missed one of your letters, even though I hold you in my arms. But what was in it Come ! tell me." " No ; don't ask. It was a silly letter. I was sorry I had written it. Let us talk of something else," replied Cynthia, and Captain O'Neil was not unwilling to obey her. The load that was lifted from her mind, by this information gave her such relief that she made no further objection to any of her parents' proposals. Lucius O'Neil had to go backwards and forwards to London several times on business, and to receive his well merited rewards, but he made Dovecot his headquarters; and the wedding was to take place before Christmas. And during that brief interval Cynthia seemed to read and appreciate the character of her future husband as she had never done before. She was amazed at her previous blindness. How could she have so totally forgotten all Lucius' goodness and bravery and self-control? Why, he was worth a thousand Granville Mostyn's. She blushed with shame to think how nearly she had lost him through her weakness, and thanked Providence who had interfered to prevent her reaping the fruits of her folly. By the time the wedding day arrived, her first affection for Lucius O'Neil had revived with ten fold intensity, and no bride ever pronounced her vows at the altar with a fuller intention of keeping them than did Cynthia Needham. After a few weeks spent at Nice and Mentone, Lucius O'Neil was obliged to rejoin his regiment then quartered at "W Woolwich, and brought his pretty wife home in triumph. At the very first ball she attended after her marriage, she encountered Mr. and Mrs. Granville Mostyn who had come down from London for the purpose. Cynthia felt nervous and somewhat ashamed, but Mr. Mostyn introduced his wife to her and asked her to dance with all the nonchalance in the world. He praised her husband and paid compliments to herself, and seemed to have forgotten there had ever been any episode of a tenderer nature between them. Cynthia felt that reticence was the wiser course to pursue, but she despised him for it. "Where did you become acquainted with that fellow Mostyn ?" asked Lucius of her as they were driving home together. Cynthia felt her cheeks grow hot. "Down at Dovecot," she answered. "He was staying at the Castle last, summer. He married a niece of Miss Paten.'-' " Well ! I hope he'll be good to her, but he doesn't bear the best of characters. He is what we men call ' a loose fish.' I dare say his people were glad enough to [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the WEST AUSTRALIAN. get him married. Don't be too intimate with him, my darling." " Oh ! no ! Lucius, I won't. I don't wish to, she faltered, and she laid her burning face upon his shoulder. Everything went well with the young couple after this, and Cynthia was ready to vote herself the very happiest and most fortunate of wives until one day her husband looked up from the perusal of his morning paper with a shout. V Hullo. Here's a lark, Oynthy. They've raised the wreck of the poor old Orion, and all the mails, though much damaged by sea water, will be sent on at once. I shall learn the contents of that luckless letter of yours at last." Cynthia turned as white as a ghost, but managed to keep her face well behind the seamen. "What did you say, Lucius ?" she stammered. " The Orion letters are coming on. I shall know all your foolishness now, young lady. ' You thought you were quite safe by this time, doubtless, but you see, your sin has found you out. I wonder how soon it will arrive ?" He laughed gaily as he rallied her, and quitted the room, leaving his unfortunate wife in a state bordering on despair. What should she do now ? How could she prevent his receiving the confession of her folly-a confession which even at this period might rupture all the sweet peace and confidence that existed between them. And Lucius had been so good to her since their marriage-so full of trust and love so unselfish and so indulgent. The unhappy girl felt as if she could not exist if such happiness were withdrawn from her. From the moment she heard the fatal news she was always listening for the postman's knock and running down to intercept the servant's movement to the door. Her eyes assumed an anxious, fearful expression. Her ears were strained to catch every sound. Lucius looked at her once or twice, inquisitively. He could not think what had come to his gay and girlish wife. And Cynthia meanwhile was pondering what she should say and what excuse she could make for herself when he had learned the terrible truth. Would he refuse to let her live with him Would he send her back to Dovecot, branded as an impostor, who had married him, pretending to love him, whilst all the while that wicked, heartless letter was lying at the bottom of the sea. These thoughts made her so feverish and absent, and unlike herself, that Lucius began to fear she was going to be ill and fondled and caressed her so much in consequence that her self-accusing conscience stung her a hundred times more than before. At last one day, as she was wondering when her wretched suspence would be over, her husband entered the room, laugh rug and holding a stained envelope high above his head. "I've got it," he cried, gaily, the ' Orion letters were all sent to the mess house and I brought more home, that I might have the pleasure of reading it aloud to you. Now, Mrs. O'Neil. Attention. The whole of your foolishness will be dished up for your own edifica- tion and I trust will be a warning to you, never to write letters that you will be ashamed to see again. He was proceeding in the same jesting strain, when Cynthia's appearance brought him to a sudden stop. She had risen from her chair and was standing before him with a white face and strained eyes, full of abject fear and misery. "My darling ! what is the matter ?" he tenderly exclaimed. " Don't read that letter !" she gasped, " Don't open it, for heaven's sake, till you have heard me speak." "I will not open it at all," he said, as he laid it on the table, " if it is to give you pain." " No ! Lucius ! that must not be, for if so, you will loose all confidence in me for the future. But let me break it to you and then, when you have heard my story, you must do as you think fit." She sank on her knees before him as she spoke, but her husband raised her and made her sit on his knee. " Tell me all my sweetheart," he whispered. " Do not be afraid nothing can separate us now but your own free will. We are one, remember." " But if I have done something you can never forgive, Lucius ?" " That is impossible !" he answered, gravely, " only tell me why I must not read this letter." I wrote it in a moment of madness," she answered, with a hidden face, you had been away so long, darling, I had almost forgotten you-and someone else came after me and persuaded me that he could make me happier than you would, if I would only break my engagement with you." " And this letter was to break it off ?" " In that letter I told you everything as I thought it was. My own feelings and wishes-the name of the man who had supplanted you-my desire to be free. It is a cruel, heartless letter. If you once read it you will never care for me again." "You almost tempt me to read it, dearest, that I may prove to you that you are wrong. Why should not I care for you again. Do you feel like that now ? Would you write this; letter to-day ?" " O ! Lucius ! how can you ask me ? You Tenow 1 love you." " I do know it-not from protestations, written or otherwise, but from every look of your eyes, my Cynthia-every action of your life-which are the only true tests of love. Nothing you can have thought or written a year ago would have any influence with me against the experience of the love you have shown me since our happy marriage. I only pity the man who had not the power to hold you." "No! no! He is not worthy of your pity, or my regard. I knew that long before you returned home. And if you love me, Lucius, and trust me as you say, read the letter, and I will be content to bear the consequences." She hid her face from him again as she spoke and Lucius O'Neil put out his hand and took the letter off the table. Cynthia shuddered as she observed the action. Lucius had been very heroic whilst speaking of it, but what would he say when he read the actual words which she had written? Might not this be the beginning of the end of all her married happiness? She glanced up fearfully. Her husband held the sea-stained envelope in his hand, and was examining the superscription. "Poor little letter," he said sweetly; " how many tears it cost my girl to write you, and how much she must have suffered on your account since. Why did you not lie for ever, full fifty fathoms deep ? It is like digging a child up from its grave again to bring you to the surface to cause all this distress. There, go and rest for ever. You shall never give my darling wife a moment's pain again." And so saying he threw the unopened letter on the fire in the grate, and watched it shrivel into ashes. " Lucius," cried Cynthia, starting from his knee, " you have not read it." " No, my wife, I have not read it. I have no wish: to do so. It cannot tell me more than you have told yourself, and it might come like a scandal monger from the past to raise unpleasant thoughts where none need exist." You love me; I trust you. Those words make the ultimatum of felicity for husband and wife. And when we have reached the ultimatum we can go no higher. Forgot this luck- less letter, darling, as I have forgotten it. Let the remembrance be buried in the happiness of our mutual love." Cynthia threw herself into his arms. "Oh, Lucius! you are too good-too noble ! There is no other man in the world like you." " Not for you I hope, sweetheart. But don't exaggerate my good qualities, or someday I may come a * cropper in your estimation. I think only this that as I am not perfection, I have no right to expect perfection in my wife, and that for every fault either of us commit, the best plan we can have here (as it will be the only plea hereafter) is, that we repent of it." ' And yet the world says sometimes, that it cannot see what there is in Lucius O'Neil, to make his wife so devoted to him, and that it really cannot admit that he is better looking or better behaved than any other man. And the world, of course, must be right. [THE END.] 