The Sydney Morning Herald. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1892. THE Czar's eldest daughter, the Grand Duchess Xénie-Alexandrovna, has been betrothed to her cousin, the Grand Duke Alexander Michaelovitch, one of the Czar's aides-de-camp. IT iproportodthat SenhorCarvalho, lately Minister for Finance for Portugal, is to be impeached on a ohargo of having ndvanood 3,000,000 francs to a railway company without tho cognizance of tho Cabinet. Tra. Berlin pre«« has published articles which ora depreciatory of tho late Sir Morell Mackenzie. ONE hundred thousand roubles have been sent by tho Ameor of Bokhara as a contribution to tho Russian famine Fond. MB. JITBIIS M'CABTUT has boen elected se__ional chairman of the anti- Farncllito section of the Irish party. AN Italian, who had in his posaossion dynamite bombs, has boon arrested at Birmingham. IT is now assorted that tho influenza epidemic in England has had a prejudicial effect upon colouial stocks. Tho mortality arising from tho. malady it is stated was so great that som« of tho insurance companies had to diBposo of tho colonial stocks held by them to obtain funds to meet tho claims sent in. TUB Bank of England has declined to grant the Austrian Government facilities to enable it to obtain 20,000,000 of gold to establish a gold currency. Sir. SATO SAJCOEL has replied to the criticism of tho Statist upon colonial borrowing. BBITISB shipowners indignantly deny tho evidence given by Mr. Samuel Plimsoll before the Labour Commission in regard to the deck-loading of vessels, tho food supplied to seamen, and the fraudulent insurance of ships known as ocean tramps. LOBD KiKToitE says there was no foundation for tho rumour that ho was likely to be appointed Governor of New Zealand. TUB Dora Dora blaoks oro now supposed to bo on the Bellinger. STEPS havo been taken in Adelaide with a view to repressing Sunday trading by storekeepers. Os tho voyage of the ship Andreto, from Port Elizabeth to Newcastle, an apprcntico named Albert Win. Todden was washed overboard and drowned. Otra London correspondent sends us a cable re- garding a schome for tho convorsion of New South Wales loans. Ho wires that an extensive schemo for tho conversion of New South Wales loans, attributed by report to Mr. G. It. Dibbs, is regarded in the oity as impracticable. ME. DIBBS, replying on Saturday to a deputa- tion from tho unemployed, soid thut the Govern- ment had determined not to issue railway passes whioh would ouablo mon to travel from Sydney to all parts of tho country and back again for the sake of passing time or self-amusement. THE Governor, the Admiral, the Minister for Lands, and party returned to Sydney on Saturday from their tour in the West. PEACHES from tho Cape of Good Hope have boon sold in London at 2s each. Tins sanction of tho Court of Chancery baa noon obtained to a redaction in the capital of the Bank of South Australia. Otra London commercial correspondent advises us that tho English and Australian Mortgage Bank has excellent credit in London, and thoro is suffi- cient money available to meet deposits falling due for some time to come. Two fatal lift accidents have occurred at an hotel in Chancery-lane, Holbourne. By one, on Friday morning, the licensee, William Wara, wau killed; and hy the other, at midnight on Friday, a lodger named George Francis, a mining surveyor, mot his death. THE It.M.S. Oroya, bringing English mails, arrived at Albany early on Saturday morning. A BOHooLHAOTEn at Howlopg, on a charge of having severely flogged a pupil, has been ordered to forfeit £2 12s. TUB police recently made a seizure of ale and «pirita at a camp on the Oorowa- Culcairn railway TBB new German Ice Cream freezer requires no turning; price 30s. Knight and Co., St, Jamesy». 1 6»a>T3iWf,)UBR4tmtlJ^»7.s^Asnj route On Friday the Howlong Police Court ordered that tho liquors bo confiscated Tin. atmosphère in the neighbourhood of tho metropoht was not fa\ourablc to observations being made of Venus »ud Jupiter m conjunction, but uno viows of the phononicnon w ero obtumed fiom Lismore, Grafton, und other places Hoi SA eather is reported by several of our country correspondents At Bi nidw ood, howe*, or, a heal y fall of ram w as experienced on Friday night Bum also fell at Clifton Tin military authorities' intend to construct a battery nt Smith's Hill, Wollongong A FINK block of sih er oro hiiB nrrivod in Sydney from Mount Stewart Tho block, wlu-h weighs 0 owt., is expected to yiold at tho rato of 9307 of silver to tho ton Mn HOWELL, manager of the Proprietary Mine, has telegraphed tlmt ho has no fear of the w ator giving out nt the mine and tho open quarrying upon the lode him provLd an immense success IT IS txpootcd th it the Northi rn districts geno rnllv will bo woitluly rcprcbentod at the Chicago ]'j\hibiHon, especially in regald to the coal and wmo industries A TonrauJoirr procession whioli was intended n« n protest against nllegod sweating in certain baker,; camblmhrnoiitf m Carlton nnd Titzroy, was held in Melbourne on b iturdny ov ming A rwsovin m tho Bendigo Gaol assaulted a warder on Fiiday by breaking a stool over his hoad EAMA on Saturday morning tho polioo dis- covered Aloxandei M Ciow, who had a wound in his throat, lying in tho neighbourhood of tho tragedy whioh resulted m tho death of his wife M Crow lias admitted that ho murdered his wife, and Bays that ho was influenced by jealousy Miaa Nrxuis SrrwAni has nohiovod a groat success at tho Priuco of Wales Theatre, London, m tho burlesque of " Blue-eyed Susan " A COVTEIÎEXCE took plnoo at tho Trades' nail on Saturday of gentlemen desirous of bringing about a reunion of tho labour part} THE imports of tho United Kingdom for January show au mcreaso of £1,7-14,000, and the exports a deoreuse of £6S8 000 AT a harbour picnic which was held on Satur- day under the auspices of the Wool-soiling Brokora' Association, Mr Mooro mado a specoh, in which ho touched upon tho growth of tho wool trado Ho pointed out that whereas in tho season 1886-7 only 131 00O huies wore sold, the sales for the last season would aggregate 200,000 bales If tliero is anything approximate to truth in tho statements mado in Parlia mont tho othor evening that "mornbors of Parliament woro simply postered with applications for employment under Govern- ment," and that ono Minister liad " ton Buoh nppliontions that morning," and anothor has about " fifty a dajr," then it is ovident that the facts roveal a stato of things in the lüghost degroo unsatisfactory. It is a deplorable rouoction on tho enterprise and solf-rolianco of our people to find that so many of them aro eager to givo up all the rich opportunities offered to independent labour in oxchango for the com- paratively small rewards availablo in the Government servico. And it is dis- quieting to learn that there is oil this hungry expectancy of Government patron- age bosetting all tho avenuos of our public life, and possibly calling into existence a system of privato solicitation, political in- fluence, and Ministerial patronage that is ignominious to all concernod, and corrupting to the political lifo of the country. The case, if oorroctly stated, forms a very grave symptom of our political condition, and it bohovos us to inquire seriously how far the Govornmoat, by its policy and attitude in somo highly important mattors, is responsible for . the acute stago which these statements from the Ministerial benches proved this malady to havo roached. Abovo al!, it is right that members of tho Government who complain of this state of things should consider whothor it is not, to a largo do groo, a direct outcome of their own declarations and their own action. Lot us look at some of the facts bearing on this question. At the outset we have the salient fact that titi.. Government puts in tho forefront of its policy tho recognition of its duty to provide employment for tho people. It is hardly surprising that tho people should bo found to tako it at its word. In making his financial state- ment the Treasurer professed liimsolf to be such an admirer of protective taxation that he would havo been equally ready to impose it had no addition to the rovonue been required. Is it wonder- ful that it should bo held that a Treasurer so passionately in love with taxation for its own sako could hardly be an onoiny to that generosity of expenditure which always tends to open a deficit which more taxation must bo brought in to fill? The inference hore sug- gested must have found strong support in the significant fact that the long finan- cial speech in wliich the Treasurer sought to demonstrate the existence» ol' a deficit did not contain a singlo uso of the words " retrenchment " or " economy." Not only this, but when the need of economy has boen pressed on tho Treasurer he has asked tho Houso "What the working classes would say to such a policy ?" as though that effectually concluded tho discussion. Tho whole drift of the financial policy of the Government has boen to scout the idea of economy and retrenchment, and to oxalt extravagaüce into a system. Again wo ask, what wonder that tho waiters on political providonco hearing thone glad tidings should rush to enjoy the good things thus offered to thom at the oxpenso of the taxpayer, that meetings of tho " un- employed and their sequent demands for work, or, at any rato, for wages at State cost, should bo mattors of daily occurrence, and that Ministers and members believed to possess political influence should be waylaid by sturdy beggars in a way by which thoy profess to bo astonished and almost overwhelmed ? In all this what has happoued but just what was to bo expected ? But there is moro to be said, in this direction. Although so 6hort a time in office, the Ministry has begun a Avholesalo creation of now offices, the necessity of which has not been shown, and tho mode of filling which is beginning to attract the attention of Parliament, and will probably do 60 moro closely. The first of those appointments whioh was publicly announced was of a character which caused a shock to the judgment of the public, and to match which we must go back a good way in New South Wales history. On tho face of it, it was the formation of an entirely new office, the only apparent effect of which was to próvido a billet for a political sup- porter of the ruling party. In view of so audooious a step, how can it form matter of surprise that ovory political supporter of tho party throughout the colony, every active electioneering agent, should flock to Sydney, and should haunt the corridors of the public offices and of Parliament Houses to urge the claims based on party Bornees, claims whioh in the case in question wore so ostentatiously rewarded-of course at the cost of the taxpayer ? In all this what do wo* see but the natural eagerness to enforce the claims thus publicly recognised and to join in the party harvest provided by the policy of taxation and extravagance which the Government evidently considers acceptable to the sections to which it looks for support ? But we ore told that all this is to be rectified as soon as the new party of economy, with its 85 members, gets fairly at irodc »t tho cause of Tetrenchment. This is a choorful exportation, but one, it is to bo fearod, which is only tenable to a highly sanguino mind. It is not by mero accident-it is a result of neoes sary political causo and effort-that a party of protection is at tho sarao time a party of oxtravognnco and of hostility to retrench- ment. Tho Treasurer put tho matter very fairly whon ho said that tho existence of a deficit made the Avork of imposing taxntion easier, but taxation was so good a thing that, deficit or no deficit, ho should still propose it. When tlipso aro tho viows held, what motivo is there to assume the thankless and painful work of rotronchmont ? The more expenditure tho bigger tho deficit ; the bigger tho deficit the moro tho new taxation requirod. The moro taxation talton from our pockets tho richer we shall all become, moro espocially thoso who look to live on the fall of Ministerial manna from the Troasury. Indood, wo havo already had an instructivo instanco of tho spirit in which tho " party of retrench- ment" enters on its work. Two members -or, porhaps, wo ought to say loaders of this party tho other evemng announced their intention of making a beginning by moving an amendment on a certain A'oto. However, whon the time carno to givo effect lo this intention it was found that thoy had bethought thomselvos that to stop tho voto would put pooplo out of employment, and thereforo thoy declnrod that they had abandoned tho intontion. This is tho roply to tho Troasuror's question, " What will tho working olasses say to retrenchment ? " And thoro is not only the working classes to consider. What will all the politi- cal expeotants, what will tho party hangers-on, "fifty in a day," say to a method whioh would defeat their patriotic desires to serve their country by a prudont conformity to the " Government stroko " ? Tho new party will novor work, can never Avork. If retrenchment is to bo deferred till it can bo efïoctod without dopriATng anyone of employment, it may as well bo deferred sine die. Gonuine retrenchment requires tho labour of mon of 6tornor stuff. Wo cannot gather figs from thistles, nor obtain tho results of economy and ro- tronchmont from a systom which thrives by oxtravagance, and consequent deficit, easing the Avny for moro and ever moro taxa- tion. The visit of the Governor, the Admiral, and tho Minister for Lands to the rabbit infested country in tho West is a practical indication of tho attention that is now being given to a question which has rightly been described by the head of. the party as ono of not only personal but of national intorost. The sceno of devastation, as described by our special reporter, must havo produced a profound impression upon those who viewed it. Tho runs they visitod aro said to bo of a fairly representativo chnraoter. It may be taken for granted that thoso who had the conduct of tho pro- ceedings took caro that at any rate some of the worst parts of the country were inspoctcd. From our reporter's account, published on Saturday, it is evidont that views of this kind have already found local expression. It is discouraging from the national point of viow to read of many milos of country utterly bare of herbage, with tho cdiblo bush, wliich under ordinary circumstances provides nourishment for stock when tho grass has gone, dying away because the rabbits have ringbarked it ; and what adds significance to tho caso is the fact that this spec- tacle is presented, not aftor .a drought, but after a favourable rainfall, which, but for the rabbits, would have caused a growth of grass sufficient to carry tho stock safely through the summer. Turning from the general aspect of tho country to the effoct it is producing on pastoral enterprise, we find in one case a recommendation that tho resumed area should bo abandoned. In anothor, where 16,000 sheep were shorn three years ago, this soason 5000 wore shorn, somo 10,000 or thoroabouts having boen starved to death. Another station, which in tho past had an average carrying capacity of 42,000 sheep, was only carrying 4000. Another, whioh used to carry from 26,000 to 30,000, is carrying 4000. Another, with a former average of 30,000, has 4000. Another, with a former average of 35,000, has 3000, and in a short timo all but about 300 of theso will be removed ulsowliero. In this last case there is an approach to abandonment. One of tho worst foaluros of the situation is that the rabbits, being in possession during the rainfall, havo eaten down tho tender shoots of tho springing grass from time to time, so that there is room for the fear that many of tho rools may be dead, and that even if the land were made absolutely clear of rabbits, it would take years to recover itself. In like manner, when the edible scrub has been ringbarked by the rabbits, it is likely to die out, and there willno longer bothat reservo to fail back upon in dry soasons. It is not surprising in such circumstances that wo should hear repeated warnings that the land will Do abandoned, and that theso are accompanied by the ¿tatemen, that in many cases abandonment is only prevented by tho fact that largo amounts of money have been sunk in improvements, and that the mortgagees have control in the matter. Up to this point wo have not hoard of tho actual abandonment of the larger holdings, but our special reporter draws a striking picture of a dosorted horaostead leaso, on which a plough lay rusting in a furrow, harrows wore thrown against the fence, the hut and outhouses wore in a stato of dilapidation ; and tho rubbits in possession, having cloarod oil everything that could nourish them, wore thomselves dying of starvation. In this instance about 500 acres had been cleared, and a largo amount of labour had boon oxpendod, and the results were ruin arid desolation. There is something humilia- ting in tlie reflection that human skill and enterprise should have been defeated by a cause so apparently insignificant. But is the defeat to bo accepted as final and irreversible ? Will men of enterprise give up tho field to the rabbits ? This western country is not naturally a desert, but is productive in fairly favourable seasons. A few years ago the Minister in charge offered a reward for the best method of destroying the rabbits, and the present Minister says that ho has received more than 1800 different specifics for their destruction. In this matter it is to be feared that in the multi- tude of counsellors there is confusion. At Cobar Lord JERSEY remarked that the matter might bo summed up in a sentence, that the policy of action, not inaction, should be pursuod. Undoubtedly we want a policy of action, but it should be systematic and general ; uniform as to main outlines, but olostic, and variable in its application to local conditions. It matters little in what precise way the rabbits aro killed ; actual experiment will determine which is the best method. But what is wanted is the enforcement of some general system under which they must be killed, and it is the business of those who are dissatisfied with the Rabbit Act now in exist- ence to suggest something better. Unfortunately, the pastoral tenants, while they often speak with confidence and an. air of «wthnrily upon ti» ftReatioDf,do not all say the same thing. Looking at the whole matter from a point of detach." mont, it would seem that tho true, principio of action is to fight the enemy iu detail after fencing boundaries with wire uottintr and by subdividing largo holdings _$ manageable areas by the samo means. The end to bo aimod at is not tho dispersion of tho rabbits, but their destruction, and tho drift of experience seems to bo in the direction of proving that this can only bo attained by confining them within manngeablo arcas by imper- meable not fencing. It is sRid that the rab- bits will pass through tho netting, or elim» over it. Of course the mesh must bo small enough for tho purpo&o; in view. The, objection as to the climbing is only partially omortained. But the efficacy of net l'oncing as a barrier is now a matter of observation rather than of theory, and we may commend to the attention of the seoptical the si<>_u.ca_t statement of our special reporter in his description of tho journoy from Nyngan to Cobar : " Till Yanda Creek was reached the country was fairly' green with vegeta tion and grass, but an Rstounding contrast was noticed immediately aftor passing ALISON'S rabbit-proof foncing, known as ALISON'S boundary. On tho sido within tho rabbit-proof fencing was vegetation. On the other side for miles and miles the country was totally devoid of tho least appearance of shrub and grass, not a bindo boing visible." It may also bo remarked that tho runs referred to above, tho carrying capacity of which has boen so seriously diminished, aro described ns open runB, although it is said that upon ono of thom thero has been an extensivo uso of wiro-netting. One of tho most noteworthy facts m con noction with this official visitation is to be found m Mr COPLAND'S oxpreision of opinion at the dinner at Cobar that " thô lands had boon rated higher than thoy wera capable of bealing " ThoMimstor'siomarb havo givon mitch satisfaction to the people of tho distnct. It A\ ill bo well if thoy have not raisod hopos that \\\ ill end m disappoint- ment It is one thing foi a Minister to speak under the influenco of strong per sonal impiossions, deepened by the con current roriresontations of his hosts and tie people gonorally with whom ho had cams in contact by tho Avay , it may bo another to decide after full reflection upon a policy that will bo not only considorato to the pastoral tenants, but also ]ust to the country It will easily bo understood that the raising of ronts in tho prosonco of the conditions now prevailing ni tho -worst parts of tho Western country would natnr ally tond to croato a f eoling of irritation amongst tho parties intoicstcd , hut those who fool aggrieved should oxercise their right of appeal. In a mattor hko this a Minister should not aiken himself to bo overborne by pressuro, or by personal feeling It is his duty rather to act upon the bioadest viow of the public interest It is not the tiuo policy of tho Stato to rack-ront its tenants, but if concessions are made on the ground of tho conflict into which the pastoral tenants havo been plunged for tho defenco 01 thou holdings, it would bo well to grant them m acknow- ledgement of good woik faitlifully done for tho preservation of tho carrying capacity ot tho public land thoy occupy The remarks made by the City Coroner i as to the impropriety of his having been called on to hold tho nocent inquost on s fire at Double Bay will probably meet with but scanty approval. On the circumstances and character of that fire it is not our pur- pose at prosent to cominer, t. Tho matter will perhaps not bo left to siond at the point at which it is, and further light may yet be thrown upon it. But whan the Coram statod that "the Fire Brigades Boar, should not havo asked him to hold nn in- quest on such meagro particulars," tho gonoral verdict of tile community will he that tho mengrenoss of the particulars in cases of this . kind furnishes tho principal reason why au inquest should be hold, Anyway, lind apart from the merits of this particular case, wo more than doubt tho correctness of tho doctrino that Üioro should bo no inquest ou a lire of an extra- ordinary or mysterious kind becauso the particulars ol' it that first como io hand aro meagre. ' That tho cause of a firo is not known should be prima fact« evidence sufficient to show that a. coroner's inquest is required to elucidate the particulars ; and until that principle is. accopted and acted upon, the public is not. adequately protected against tho machina- tions of evil-minded mon. That only five coronor's inquiries wore held during all last yoar, out of iifty-tliwo firos reported to tho Coroner as having tnkon place in Sydnoy, is a very uncom- fortable fact, on which we havo already commented when reviewing the work of tho Coronor's Court for tiio past year. Tho idea which seemed to bo in the mini of the Coroner, thal since no delinito result had boon reachod by tho inquest ho held tho inquiry only represented timo and trouble wasted, amounts to a total miscon- ception of the position. An inquest, as its Hame "implies, is only au investi- gation ; it is not au accusation or a criminal trial. Its purpose is twofold: to elicit if possible tho cause of the particular uro in question ; and to check if possible the occurrenco of similar fires ia future. It is quito apparent that the holding an inquest, even though it totally fails in tho first object, may still help towards tho second, wliich is aftor all the one of most importance to the community. Even should «n inquest, instead of ending in an open verdict, prove that a particular fire arose from a known and accidental cause, tho moro fact that such an' inquest was hold, and that othor inquests may be hold, may avail to prevent fires arising from uon-accidoutal causes. So far from thinking with the Coroncrthat tho holding of inquests leading to no result is to be doprecnted, many would wisli to seo the practico which is observed in somo of the colonies of holding inquests in all ensos where the cause is not known introduced with us, and would hold that tho system would amply pay for all the time and trouble it costs by the reduction it would effect of tho number of fires occurring which aro at once a peril to tho security of hfe and property, and a shock to tho moral feeling of the community. Wo trust that the Fire Brigades Board will not bo turned from what it considers its duty, of procuring a full investigation of the circumstances of any fire it beliovoB to demand inquiry, "J the remarks made by tho Coroner on Friday last. Of all the allegations of causes affecting colonial stooks in the London market, per- haps the most amusing is that www attributes the recent decline in prices w influenza. The insurance companies, w» aro told, have been forced to vealueOunr securities owing to the ravages of u» disease. In other words, we presumo tu« what is meant is that death has corneaos so many insured persons as » require the companies not oniy pay all tho available pr°m"iinsj!; oeived in the year, but also to dispose of their investments to meet claims, ana um» to throw stock upon tho markor. It wa. not be impossible, of course, for a senou» mortality, such as would beo«M« a plague, to oatwe $uoh A ima, «." aware that influenza has contributed to the death rate of insurance policyholdors, and consequently to tho claims mado on the companies ; but so far as wo can loara from the reports recently published, or tho infor- mation wo have received privately, there has been no mortality in those colonies even approaching the rate which would absorb anything like tho year's income from premiums. For instanco, our loading Australian company, Avhich does about half the Avholo life insurance businsss of tho colonies, is not only not obligod to realiso its securities, but it has such ample funds that it has lately boon in negotiation with ono of the disorganised land companies to lend it a largo sum of monoy to enablo it to tido over its difficulties. Wo may thorefore dis- miss with a smile tho allegation ns to tho effects of influenza on the coloniul stocks ; for if tho docline in our stocks is really duo to a bolief in anything of tho kind, it can soon bo dissipated by correction. In Great Britain, Avhoro tho amount of old insurances ia comparatively largo in proportion to tho new, a like amount o£ mortality would toll moro seriously on tho claims than in Australia, whore tho new businoss is proportionately larger, A fuller mcasuro of loss than usual by the English compnnios may thus havo suggested the thought which is given ns a roason for tho decline in the quotations for our stocks. At first sight tho suggoslion is so amusing that one is inclined to ask Avhat next. But after all, laughable as this is to us, it is quito as substantial a reason for the de- preciation of our stocks as almost any of those which havo really affected thom. Our financial ability and resources wore never bottor than thoy aro, and if tho " bears " on tho London market chooso to find in these a cause for their operations, they have really quite as good a case in tho influonza opidomic, though it will produco a good deal of merriment in tho colonies. MEMBEHS of tho Legislativo Assembly will meet this afternoon Two questions appear upon the business piper, and thoso uro followed by 38 orders of tho day, they being nmmly tho second and third readings of as many privato bills Many hnvo ap- peared in the list throughout the greater part of tho session Tho first doyen of tho nurahor oro the second readings-Segenhoe Estate Irrigation Bill, Divorco Amendment nnd Extension Bill, Vice Suppression Bill, "Willoughby and Gordon Tram wav Acts Amending Bill, Land Company of Aus- tralasia (Limited) Railwav Bill Simpson's Railway Bill, Lcueos Land Ptirchoso Bill, und tho Rutlund rhixTramwaj Bill Then follow a tho considera- tion in Committee of tho Wholo of the expediency of bring ng in a L qnor Licenses Amoudment Bill, Labour Protection Bill (No 2), and tho Tolling Day Liquor Piohibition Bill Tnoro aro 47 notices of motion on tho paper, but a« thoso aro placod last, none but thoso formally agreed to will recorvo at- tention CN Saturday morning tho Premier received a telegram from Sir Samuol Griffith announcing that tho Queensland Government had rcooivod tenders for tho construction of military barraoks at Thurs- day Island, according to tho recommendation is of tie militar) commandants of Australasia, who mot os a Boyal Commission como months ago The recommendations rccoiv ed tho conourroueo of tho oolomes eoncorned, and this is the first batch of tenders sent in for carrying tho same into effect Tho price of this offer is £600 in oxocss of the £5000 fixed by the Military Commission, but as the ottra expenditure will bo for tho construction of water tanks, tho provision of which has beon added to tiio original Bpcoiflcatiou, tho Premier of Queensland expresses tho opinion that as the work of défonce is urgent and must bo oxecutcd sooner or later it will bo best to proceed without delay Ho urged that tho tender bo acooptod By telegraph on Saturday Mr Dibbs forwarded to Sn Samuel Griffith his concurrence, and the tendor will therefore bo accepted, and Now South Wales will boar a fuir share of tho £5G00 whioh the work s estimated to cost . THE Minister for Mines and Agriculture has re ceived the reports of the judges appointed in con- nection with the national prize competition of 1891 to adjudicate on the merits of mixed farms and dairies m tho South Tableland district, and dairy farms in the North Coast and South Coast dis- tricts. Mr Thomas Coleman, of Gundaroo, was tho judgo of mixed farnu and dairies, and Mr J P Dowling {Sydney Matt) of dairy farms, and, m pursuance of the r recommendations, tho following awards linio beon mado -In class 1-mixed farms np to 200 iioros-no firjt pn/o w as awarded, and tho second pnzo vi as dil ided equally between Mr G K Green, of Tumut Thins, and Mr "William Bridle sen , of Tumut In class 1-farina over 200 lores-tho compotition was v erj keon Tho first prize was awarded to Mr Georgo Godfrov, sen , of Gocup near 1 umut, Mr Tilomas C "Worbovs, of Spring Hill gaining tho second pri/o In this rluss special prizes woro awarded to tho follow rug competitors whoso farms gain d a ki_h perconlugo of excellence -Mr Alexmder Davis, Gihnoio, Tumut Mr Citarles Loi tcrton, West Jindalee, Cootamundra, Mr George Rowlands Rockville, Mandurama and Mr Willum Coi bj, Cootamundra No pn/ea wero awarded for daines m this dutuct Dairy ? Inrms In class 2-over 100 aeres in oxtont in the North Coast district-Mi William J HT\\\ - thorne of Chillidos, South Giafton, was awarded tho first pnro tho socond prizo going to Mr William Goodger, of Ulmirra, Clarence River In clas3 1 thoro was no competition South Coast district In class 1 - dairy farms up to 100 acres Mr Edward Gibson, sen., of Fig Tree, gained first prize. In cWbS 2-farms over 100 acres -Mi W H Wilford, of Loch Levon, Milton, gamed first prize, whilo the second prize was divided equally botwoon Mr A T Walden, of Mdton, and Mr G J Hindmarsh, Gerringong Tho following com potitois % ore awarded "highly commondod" certificates for the excellent management of thoir properties -Mr Edward Gibson, son , Browns- ville Mr P H Wood, Boga, and Mr Ldv\ard Jamieson, Colombo THE Rail« ay Commissioners havo arranged to run a special cheap excursion tram from Sydney to Bourko on Wednesday next at 4 2ú p m , and anothor at 8 45 a m on tho following day from Bourke to Sydney, passongers to or from stations on branch lines joining at tho respectivo junctions CN Saturday morning Mr Dibbs was again in- terview od by representatives of the unemployed A body of about 150 men marched to the Colonial Secretary's omeo, and a deputation waited on the Premier, and requested that froo railway passes to the country districts should be grvntcd to men in search of work Mr Dibbs informed tho deputa- tion that tho Government could not depart from tho position taken up some days ago Eroo passes could not bo granted Without tho guarantee of tho bona fides of tho men using thom Experience had shownthatthe free pass system intimes gone by hod hecn greatly abused If men would como forward With ovidence proving they had work awaiting them m the country, passes would bo given Tho Government, however, had firmly determined not to issue panses which would enable men to truvol from Sydnoy to all parts of the countrv and back again foi the sake of passing timo or self-amuse- ment ALMOST simultaneously with the coming into power of tho new Government the " unemployed" question again assorted itself, and tho ory was raised that hundreds of willing workers were living ia enforced ldlonoss and want This ory bas reached the distant country districts, only to raise tho counter cry that it is " labour " not " wjrk " that l8 scarce, and that because of this hnndreds of acres of land aro lying idle That this is so is horne out by Mr A Tobin, of Messrs A Tobin and Sons, proprietors of a largo station on the Castlereagh "River, noar Coonamblo, and of the Lila Springs station, on tho Warrigal Elver, about SO milos from Bourke Mr Tobin states that, m common with a score or moro of squatters with whom ho has acquaintance, his station opera- tion- are hampored by tho difficulty of obtaining Sufficient labour Of such work as fencing, burr outting, grubbing, clearing, and station work generally thora is enough to próvido employment 'or hundreds of able-bodied men for an mdehmta number of years, but the labour is not to bo had, .nd, as a oonsoquenco, squatters aro put to both Wconvomenco and loss Iho burr, for instance, nuns tho wool, but, m tho absence of the requirod »oonr.tbobnn'haitoboallowed to remain Mr Tobin aays that on his stations alono thoro is continuous vvorkfor40 mon over and above his presontstaff Ho offers payment at the rate of £1 per week, together Witt food and shelter, with an increase of fron» 5s to 10s a week during the shearing season , but ho ia quite unablo to obtain the labour Inquiries mado nt the city labour bureaus seem to show that tho difficulty oxporioncod by Mr Tobin isono common to tho squatters, and that there îssuffî ciontvvork offering in tho country to absorb tho mholo of tho surplus labour of the metropolis The work undoubtedly is hard, and the bfo that has to bo lived is necessarily rough, but thoo aro con- ditions under which many who how rank as pros- perous squatters had to live when they first pitched thoir tents in tho bash Indeed, among the members of tho Pas- toralists'Union aro men who claim that in tho early days their lot was a far harder one than is tho lot of men now in thoir employ as gonoral Btntion hands Abundnnco of food and of a rough tort of comfort aro rarolj lacking on stations nowadays, but tho timo was when the want of both was sorely foltbymon -nhoxo previous training was hardly of a lund that fitted thom for tho rough times that tlie pioneers of the colony had to endure IUE Sydney "Woolsclhng Broken»' Association gave its annual harbour oxoursion to the wool buyors on Saturday The party loft Circular Quay in the Ivy, and proceeded to Clontarf, whero about 00 persons sit down to lunohcon " Tho Guests " and " Tho Wool Industry " wore the chiof among tho toasts AT a special meeting of tho Enfield Council, hold on IYitlnj, Aldcrm-in Herman Horny Groth was unftiimiousl} elected Mayor for tho enbuing year Alderman lohn Ilinchehrle has been eleotod Mayor of Strathfield Ov Triday ovomng tho Mayor of Enfield enter- tained a largo party of gontlomcn at Enfield Aftor tho lormil proceeding's the Mayor gave the toast of " Parliament," and in tho course of his remarks ti usted that tho present Parliament would soon sottlo down to do sumotnmg usoful for the country Mr James Ev o, M L A , rosponded So far as tho oloctorato of Canterbury was concerned, the repre- sentatives had uotod up to their pledges, and ho was pleased to sav Messrs Bavistcr and Dana hoy bud shown thoir oharaoter by re- senting any interference with thoir pledges to their party and their constituents Ho warmly condemned the Dibbs Government for foisting a protective tariff on the country without any constitutional warrant If the pro- tectionists had n desire to assist tho manufacturing industry, why had tho Govern- ment not introduced a tariff worthy of tho intention, instead of the bastard thing now in tho hands of Parliament ? Thoy had beon told that the colony would prosper under tho nu« policy, but ho did not boheve aftor all that the question of poltoy was tho real causo of past dull- ness , he thought tho country wanted local govern- ment and proper and offcotual gov ornracnt, under which tho expenditure would bo properly super- vised, notwithstanding bank suspensions, fall in the vnluo of hinds und other assets " Municipal In- stitutions " was proposed by the Mayor of Strath- field (Aldcrm m A Allen), and replied to by Alderman Hodson Tho Mayor proposed "Tho Council Clerk and Ofiioers," to whioh Messrs Pyman and Hewitt replied Mr James Evo, M L A , piOjioBcd " The Health of tho ox-Mayor, I Alderman Hodson " Ov Saturday afternoon Dr Manning, president of the Botird of Health, accompanied by Dr Traill (Burwood) and Mr A Brown (Mayor of Ashfield) visitod the sites proposed for tho western suburbs cottage hospital, with a view to a final solcction Tho two sites submitted aro at Enfiold, ono being at tho junction of Liverpool-road and Brighton street, and Bakcr-stroot and tho Liverpool-road With a viow to ascertaining which site was central to the suburbs concerned, Dr Manning was driven round tho districts, and will intimate his decision to tho committee A MEETJNO of the Parramatta Park trustees was held on Saturday afternoon, for tho purposo of considering iinOft'or from Captain Donald, of the Parramatta River Steamer Company, to leaso oer tam portions of the park with the idea of popu- larising tho plaeo as a picnic resort It was rocognised that tho trustees hud no power to leaso without the authority of tho Minister for Lands On tho motion of Mr H Taylor, M L A, it was deoidod to write to tho Minister, submitting tho offer of Captain Donald, and asking for power to give building leases of thut portion of tho park frontago faeing Pitt llow It was further decided to point out the large area to bo kept m order (with only a small sum of money gained from agistmont), and to ask for a grant of money to enable the trustees to make tho park what it should bo THIS Trades and Labour Council, taking advan- tage of the presence m Sydney of Mr Trenwith, M L A (Victoria), tailed a meoting of members of the Parliamentary labour members for Saturday afternoon, at the Trades Hall, for the purpose of conferring with the exccutiv o of tho council as to the possibility of a re-union in the ranks of the now disintcgiated labour party Mr J Wilson, presi- dent of the Trados and Labour Council, presided, but tlioro were only 10 of the labour members present After some disoussion, it w as decided to adjourn tho mooting until Wed- nesday, in order to allow a little further latitude to those who had not boen properly notified of Satur- day's meeting It was arranged informally, and subject to any alteration that the fidl meeting might wish to make, that the discussion should take plaeo with elosed doors, and that Mr Trenwith, in hit> capacity of mediator, should occupy the ohair A omrwwîCKED crow and Captain Dakin arrived on Saturlay last from Siugaporo on board tho British-India Company's steamer IWdLa The crew compose tho mou belonging to the brigantmo Parn"ll, owned by Mr Aloxandcr Burns, of this oity The Parnell went from hero Borne mouths ago to the port of Frederick Wilhelm's Hay on, German Now Guinea, and it was while the v essel v\ as working hci way out of thero that she vi ent ashoro and becamo a total wreck Tuero is muoh need for tho BTV ices of a tug at tho place, and, from what can be gathered here, tho German Now Guinea Company purposo supplying a vessel auitablo for tho work All tho Parnoll's hands were laid up with fever Cuptnin Dukin, who is still very ill, lost two of his mon, and tho health of the others has received a severe shook from tho deadly miasma It is state! in letters received hero that the fever has been par- ticularly bad on the Now Giunea coast since the now ground has como under tho process of clearing and cultivation Pwo performances wore given at the Polytcchnio, Imperial Arcade, on Saturday, when a change of programmo was presented Tho audiences were largo Sevornl pretty and popular songs were contributed by tho Misses Amy Davis, Amy Olive, Plome Ford, and Granville Irish specialities were rendorod by Mr Bertie Murphy, and Mr Vnssio Woods received considerable applause for his rendition of " Tho Village Blacksmith " The Misses Amy I Davis and Minnie Phillips wore very successful m song and danoo, und especially m tho ltom " Down where the Blue Bells Grow " Mr Albert BaUey appeared in sovoral oharaoter sketches and among others who were well received wero Messrs J S Porter, Fred Norris, and Miss Maggio Coghlan Tho fighting kangaroo was the causo of conBidor ablo laughter The entertainments wero brought to a closo by a production of " Les poses plastiques " TITUBE wero many new face« m Mr Dan Tracey'B Vaudeville Minstrel Company at the School of Arts, on Saturday evening, and thoy attracted an unusually crowded audience, many being turned away at the doors Two new end men-Messrs John Cowan and Tom Bosman appeared for the first time at the School of Arts, and contributed in no small degree to the amusement of the audience Miss Claire Delmar, burlesque actress, with a pleasing voice, made her first appearance, and Miss Bertha Paning made hor re-appearance Perhaps the moat attractive additions to the feminine por- tion of the company are the Blair Sisters, who won much applause by their beautiful character ohanges and dances The feature of the ovoning waa the mandoline playing of Senor Manuel Lopez The audience received him with marked favour, and he was warmly encored The old members of the company were also well to the fore, and helped to make np a capital new programme The beautiful burlesque "Lurline" eontinuos to enjoy popular favour Tho matinee performance on Saturday waa, as usual, well patronised, principally by ladies and ohildren With the arrangement that Mr Tracy has entered into as lessee of the Melbourne Gaiety Theatre he hopes to provide his patrons with more frequent change of artists than he has hitherto done This will be done by interchange with the Mel- bourne company TOE Bondi Aquarium afforded amusement to a large crowd of spectators on Saturday afternoon The new v arioty entertainment waa performed m the theatre, and was received with applause Miss Phoebe Levy, tho champion lady «kater, appeared for the first tune on the rink, and her graceful movements wore muoh admired Professor Sylvo was as popular as over in hu clevor juggling The Fakir of Oolu and Mdllc de In Boche, tho en- tranced lady, in their rcsçootive parti wen success ful The switchback railway and the performing seals attracted attention, as did also the cam« a obscura, sharks, aquarium, marino promenudo, swings, and pardens AT the Coogeo Palaco Aquarium on Saturday afternoon another of tho popular uquatio carnivals waa hold A number of well known natatorial experts took part, and some clover racing, diving, trick, and fancy swimming wero exhibited Mr Manfield Newton was applauded for las exhibition of fancy floating, and Mosssrs Walker, Gormley, and Cavill contributed to the amusement of the spectators by diving, floating, and funny swimming Considerable interest was taken in the riiocs Mr Molonoy efficiently nctod as handi capper and starter and Mr Stennett did duty as judge The following aro the results -Lasteru Suburbs Handioap, 100 yards-lirst heat II Lawson S cond heat J Taj lor Third heat J Toohor Tourth heat W Brown Einal heat J Toohci, 1 , W Brown, 2 , II Lawson, 3 All Comets Handicap, 100 yards-I ir.stlu.ut T Mcidhnm Second heat J M ison Third heat O Cavill Tinal heat T Mcadhoni, 1 , J Mosou, 2 , C Cavill, 3 A îtEETKfo of tho committee of tho Labour Homo was hold at 6S5 HurriB-atreot, Ultimo, on Friday afternoon. Thero vvoro present-Tho Rov. J. D. Langley (in tho chair), Rov. D. H. Dillion, Mr. J. S. E. Ullis, Mr. Dibloy, Mr. Elwyn, Mr. T. Sydney, and .tho lion, seorotary (Mr. C. K. Uhr). Tho. chairmau reported that during tho week ondod tho 30th January the number of meals served was GM ; number of bods ocoupiod, 228; em- ployment found for, 4 ; left during the week, 1 ; now remaining, 33. THE HONORABLE ALEXANDER DODDS, M.L.C. , a colonist of 58 years' standing, passed away at his residence, Willoughby, on Saturday. Mr Dodds was born near Kelso, County of Roxburghshire, Scotland, where his father carried on farming operations. He was educated at the High School, Jedburgh. Influenced by the fact that Sir Thomas Brisbane, who married a lady of a well-known Roxburghshire family, was Governor of New South Wales, in the year 1821 Mr Dodds' older brother, the late Mr James Dodds, immi- grated to this colony On arriving here the Governor made him a grant of land, near Singleton, which he called Maison Dieu, after a place near Kelso occupied by a section of the family. He also took up stations on the Namoi River, engaged in pastoral pursuits, and induced Mr Alexander Dodds to join him in the colony. The latter sailed from Leith, Scotland, on 1st January, 1834, in a small vessel called the North Britain, and in September following arrived in Sydney. After remaining for some time with his brother, Mr Dodds went to reside in Maitland, where he commenced a business which he carried on successfully for a period of 35 years. In 1857 Mr Dodds was appointed a justice of the peace. For about 15 years Mr Dodds regularly sat on the Bench to adjudicate. Mr Dodds was for several years returning officer for the East Maitland electoral district/ When muni- cipal institutions in New South Wales were estab- lished, East Maitland was one of the first places to take advantage of the Municipalities Act, and Mr Dodds was one of those elected to form the first municipal council in that town. After the first year he was elected Mayor of the borough, and continued in that capacity for 12 consecutive years, only relinquishing the office when he removed to Sydney in 1871. In 1862 Mr Dodds was elected to the Legislative Assembly for the electoral district of East Maitland, and retained his seat in the House for seven years, ultimately losing his seat by a minority of two votes. When the Duke of Edinburgh visited Maitland, Mr Dodds, on behalf of the inhabitants of the district, offered his congratulations to the Royal visitor. In 1871 Mr Dodds removed with his family to Sydney, where he resided up to the time of his death. Mr Dodds was nominated to a seat in the Legislative Council in 1885, which he accepted, since when he has given his attention to Parliamentary duties, having with one or two exceptions, attended at all sittings of the House, and been upon a great number of select committees and inquiries. He has been an active member of the Presbyterian Church, and has for a number of years been chosen as one of that body's representatives in Church courts. He was a councillor of St Andrew's College within the University of Sydney, and one of the council of the Coerwull Academy, Bowenfels. Mr Dodds married Miss Mary Dickson, who died in 1885\. He leaves three sons and one daughter. The funeral will take place this afternoon. RUEBPVCE to tho death of tho Rev C H Spur- geon was general throughout the churches in tho oity and suburbs yesterday In a number of ohurches special memorial sermons wore preached, tho pulpits in many cases being draped in black At tho Bathurst-strcct Baptist Church n special sermon i was preached in the evening hy the Rev Chas Bright, his toxt being, Acts xi ,24, " lor ho v\ as a good man, and full of tho Holy Ghost nud of faith and much peoplo was .added unto tho Lord " The Rov James Hill preached at the Bourko-Btrect CongregationalChurohin the evening, hi» toxt being St John, chap i , Gth verso, " Thoro was a man sent by God " Ho roforrod to tho good dono by Mr Spurgeon, and said that m his (loath the Christian causo had received a great blow A memorial ser- vice was h"ld at tho Pitt-street Congregational Church, with appropriate hymns and anthcniB Tho Rev W Scott preached At St Andrew's I Cathedral in tho morning touching refoienco was malo by tho Dean to the death of tho great preaoher At rho other services a'so tho matter was touched upon At St Stephen's, Philhp streot, tho Rov Dr Steel preached a special sermon in the morning his text bein_ St John v , 35, ' Ho w is a burning and a shining li_rlit " Ho referred to tho great work doue by Mr Bpurgcon touched upon his moral nud spirituul character, and said that for 40 years he had burned and shono with a lustre unsurpassed for brilliance and cfleot Many other appropriate sermons wero preached, especially in the B iptist and Congrega- tional ohurches, and a memorial scrvico vv as hold m tho Burton-street Tabernaclo At tho YMCA Hall Mr David Walker spoke at tho evening ser- vice upon Mr Spurgeon and his work A memorial service is to be hold by tho Baptist Union of Now South Wales m the Bathurst-stn et B iptist Church on Thursday ov omn_ next The Rov G North Ash, M A , preaching at St Augustine's, Neutral Bay, said that time alono could pass an impartial verdict upon Mr Spurgoon's lifo and labours, but, so far as whole hearted dev otion to the greutcat of all _roat works was concerned, all men of moderate and liberal views must confess that Mr Spurgeon, tho once-maligned minister of Chnst, would stand out as one of the best and most prominent religious loaders of tho nineteenth cen- tury Ho lived in acoordauco with tho deepobt convictions that over swayod a disoiplo of Jesus of Nazareth Who should blnmo him now that he had passed out of tho region of human censuro, if m earlier lifo his puhho utterances wero not always characterised by gentleness und moderation such as St Paul urgod upon his Phill ppian ooavorts ? His heart was in tho right placo, and hiB lifo was passed in doing good The death of tho Rov C H Spurgeon formed tho subject of a sermon preached m tho North Sydnoy Congregational Church, by tho Pastor tho Rov Joseph Parker Tho text was taken from II Samuel, i i , 38 Mr Spurgoon's own defini- tion of a princely character was appliod by tho proaoher lo Mr Spurgeon's own lifo and work, the definition being-"That man is a king amongst his follows who can show docp sympathy and givo substantial sucoour and teach thom truth." Tho congregation was a vory largo one, and much interest was manifested in tho address of the preacher. Tho Eov. 0. n. Spurgeon was tho theme of tho sermon preaohod by the Rev. T. G. Molyneux, in tho Manly Presbyterian Church. Tile words of tho preacher's text wero, " Know ye not that there is a princo and a great man fallen this day in Israol ?" Mr. Molyneux said that no Christian minister possessed BO wide an influence amongst his follow-mcn as Mr. Spurgeon. In tho Church of England, Manly, tho Rev. R. S. Willis addressed his congregation on tho life uf Spurgeon, whilo tho Rev. I\ C. Warner took up tho same subject in the Congregational Church. Mia. BUICK, of Manly, met with an accident on Saturday whilo out driving. Mrs. Black, accom- panied by two of her children, a littlo boy and girl, went out in a trap drawn by a young horse recently broken in by Mr. Blaok. While passing along Darley-road tho oross-bar of tho trap snapped, and the sudden jolt which followed threw the occupant« ont of the vehiolo. Mrs. Blaok, in her endeavour to protcot the girl, who isoapod unhurt, had her arm broken at the elbow. The boy received a shock and some bruises. A omi. named Ethel Jones, aged 2 years, was run over by a cart on Saturday afternoon, at Parramatta North. The wheel passed over the child's chest twice, going over the second time as the man driving pulled up, the horso backing as ho reined him in. Tho child is in a critical state, A MAN named Patrick Gilligan, described as tho head yardman at the stables of the City Catering Company, in Wattle-street, Glebe, was yesterday afternoon oonveyed to the Prince Alfred Hospital, and admitted in an unconsoions state Mr Gilli- gan hud boen herding a number of horses at tho yards, whon ono of thom kicked him on tho fore- head with euch force as to fracturo the Bknll Ho is piogressmg satisfactorily at the hospital, but his eondition is critical A~* alarm was reeoivod at tno Metropolitan Firo Bngadoycstorlav morning, and it waa discovered that a tobacconist's shop, occupied by J Noakes, m Georgc- streot, was on fire Throe steamers and a largo ladder wero turned out from the Metropoli- tan Firo Bngado Tho fire was easily extinguished The outbreak had occurred under tho counter, and the flames had consumed portion of thiB, togethor Anth a quantity of cigars and tobacco Thero was no one living lu tho shop, and as it had boon closed since about 11 o'clock on Saturday night, the origin of tho fire ia unl-nown THE number of visitors to the Australian Museum dilling tho month of Tannniy was on | w eok dava 900 ), being an av erage of 110 a day, and on Sunduys 32 ii, an avenge of 051 a day "A BAnciSTEn of Twelve Years' Standing" writes to the lunn of the iOth December -Thero would not bo such an outery nguinst us barristers if wo wero to leavo oft vv hining in pubho about the " honour of the Bar " The' honour of the Bar " allows us to reçoive and keep heavy feos for work wo havo not dono TI o same honour kindly also allow s us to recoivo fees for work which wo know that m all probability vv o «hull not bo able to do It allows na to support A W eak caso by making aocnaations against innocent people to shelter our own clients It allows us to niuke hornblo ln sumnt ona which w o know wo cannot provo, but which wo hope will havo weight with tho jury, and only to withdraw them when w o find that they will not pay Lot anyone attend tho Middlesex or Old Baile} Seisionü and hear tho language and subjects of convocation A "grand night " on circuit would also bo instructivo Tho artifices used by many barristers, without any strong pubho protest from others, to obtain bnofa on behalf of prisoners nro horriblo and contcmptiblo In short, it is a fuct that burristers, as a whole, aro not honourable till thoy aro successful, and whon successful anj thing disgraceful which they do is, of course, " noble " The judges ovidontly agroe, because, m spito of tho ' great assistance " which thoy say they hopo thov will have from tho Bar whon ¿rat appointed, and always say they havo obtained on tho i aro occasions w hen thoy retire m spite of this, tho moment thoy becamo judges, thoy at once censo to treat barristers as if thoy wero gentlemen, unloss pcrchanco thoy aro noblo, m other vv ords, leaders Tur extermination of the English sparrow has been dcerool m Chicago, and Ü10 sparrow (ob- serves au English < ontemponry) is being conso quent'y exterminated with much rapidity, for a new game, whioh is hkowiso a BOUTCO of profit, is opened lo tho littlo boys of that wonderful city As much as 2c per head is paid to any boy who produces & sparrow's scalp aa proof of ita death , and tho boj s aro busy All sorts of engines and instruments aro devised for tho destruction of these sparrows-air-guns, sticks, bows and arrows, cata- pults and ono littlo boy equipped himself w ith a sling, another took w ith him tho famdy cat, said to hav o a record as a bird-killer, and two or thrco had patent compounds of molasses and gluo, with other fortnB of birdhmo Traps of ull sorts wore hkowioo laid, and scorn to havo bcon moro successful than tho weapons, indeed, tho bows and arrows and the sling may possibly havo omnsed the Bparrows, but never carno near to doing them any harm Tho champion boy secured no fower than 1000 heads, which, of course, brought him a largo sura of money but then ho was an inventor^ Ho had laid a gunpowder mino, and having enticed a multitude of sparrows, had succeeded in firing it at tho right moment But thero remains plenty of omploj ment in tho sumo direction According to a ealeulution, either mudo or accepted by the city clerk, ' ' the deseendants of a singlo feinalo bird in 10 years numbor 270,000,000 ," and, thorofore, " if tho 15 buds that ono boy brought m to-day wore all females' their posterity in 10 j tara would havo amounted to 12 120,000,000,000*' All the tlothing stores in Clneago now givo a sparrow trap with every Bint of boy'B clothing Sin JUSTICE DFVMAN has justified his throat (saj s an English paper) to removo any mombor of tho Bar whom ho sees sketching "It is so vory likely to disturb a witness when giving evidonoo," ho explained Tho former observation socms to have caused some alarm among tho artists of tho press, and this commentary will not rohovo it much If tho operations of amateurs, who can do their work quietly und secretly, aro apt to disturb a witness in tho box, still moro, one would think, must tho obtrusive and pursistent sketching-of pro- fessionals disturb him or her Rather curious questions nnso from Mr Justieo Denman'» pro- ceeding Thero is a class of journals at this day whioh publish portraits and views when any matter of interest or scandal is being investigated in a Court of Justice-scandal, for choice It certainly appears to follow that publication of a sketch must bo lllognl if tho artest muy bo oxpelled for taking it but that argument nssumes that English law is logical, a grotesque premiss Many of tho likenesses which go forth ov or tho universo aro caricatures though not designed as such If English law took proper account of human dignity, it w ould forbid them on that ground alone, unless the sitter's permission wore obtained Tor obvious reasons wo must fool certain that such assent is not asked To begin with, nobody likes to bo represented as a " guy " But there is a moro serions matter Tho unfortunate) " colobrittca " who figure from day to day in theso shoots, aro mostly persons chnrgod with crimes or scandalous conduct, or olso w ltnesaes concerned in tho affair Nona of thom certainly would wibh to lio recog- nised henceforward, and potntoa at B) what right, then, aro theso ' portraits of tho noousod" of L idy This and Miss That, who attend on subpoena, distributed all over the world p THE Court of Appeal has reversed tho judgment of Mr Justice Stirling (savs the london Daily Neus) with regard to tho proposod salo of tho Savernake estate Tho present owner is tho Mar- quis of Ailesbury, who, before ho has reached tho n_o of 30, has run through a fortuno of £17'i 000, derived from tho salo of tho family estate in York- shire, and has borrowed somo £200,000 more on mortgago of his life interest in tho Savornoko estate His onlj chance of paying his debts and saving nny income at all for himself is to dispaso of tho latter cstato also E\on to do this roqiuros a pur- chaser at a fancy pnoo, but such a purohaBer has been found in Lord Iveagh, who is willing to give £750 000 for it, and tho investment of such a sum would produce a far largor income than at presont romains after tho enormous oxpenses of keeping up tho house and tho estate havo been met Since, however, there is a mansion houso in ques- tion, the ordinary power of salo now possessed by a tenant for lifo cannot bo exorcised without tho concurrence of the trustees or the sanction of tho Court In tho prosont instance tho trustees differed in opinion, and heneo tho petition presented by the Marquis to Mr Justice Stilling Strungely enough, that learned Judgo regaidod tho matter as solely ono botw eon tho tenant for life und his rela- tions, Lord IVedenok and Lord Charles Bruco and others, the persons entitled in romaindor, and in their interest refused to allow tho estate to bo sold away from tho family But in arriving at this result ho appears to hav o neglected the most impor- tant consider ition of all Besides tho magnificent Savornoko Forest, the estate includes some hundred farms and a thousand cottages, and it will moko all tho differonco to tho largo resident population vvhethor thoy aro to havo ovor them a bankrupt landlord and his mortgagees or a gentle- man ublo to fulfil his dutios as a landowner By tho Sottled Land Act, tho Legislatura has already told remamder-men that their expectations aro hablo to bo dofcated, and it is now happily the policy of tho law that, where tho owner for tho timo being cannot do justice to tho estate, it shall not bo debarred from passing into hands more com- petent to manago it In aooordanoa with tim policy therefore, the Court of Appeal huvo acted Tho Marquis of Ailesbury and his creditors will mako what they can out of his lifo interest m tho £750,000, and in duo courso tho principal of the sum will go to tho remainder-men But thoSavor nako estate will havo an owner flttod from his position and his wealth to do full justice to it, and Savernake Forest will not run tho risk of being out down to pay its owner's debts WE are requested to call attention to an advertise- ment in reference to the School of Arts Debating Club. A CONCERT in aid of the Manly Roman Catholic Church Building Fund will be given in the local Oddf ollowa' Hall on Wednesday evoning. Tun Sunday night opening of tho Sydnoy School of Arts hogan last evening under tho now rules passed last Tuesday. Nearly 90 monitors attended. Au advertisement announces that tho annual meet- ing in connection with the Y.W.C.A. will be held this evening. THE Prince Alfred Hospital report for tho wook ended 0th February is na followa :-Admitted, 48 ; discharge- -, 44 ; died, 7 ; remaining in hospital on 7 th February, 205. Number of ont-pationta treated during the week, 1G4 ; number of casualty eases treated but not admitted, 183; total, 347. 