DEATH AND THE SUPER NATURAL. The following is extracted from an article in TMerary Opinion entitled ' The Supernatural in Fiction,' by II. D. Lowry : — It is perfectly conceivable — you are at liberty to regard it as a matter of certainty — that all this may have been a mistake ; that ghosts, if only tiiey could be suniciently investigated, arc always (as in the Christmas stories) truant donkeys, or linen garments set to dry upon a hedgerow, and gleaming at night in the moonlight; or that where their apparition cannot be thus easily explained away, they are the sim ple creatures of disordered nerves. But, you are not to note, a ghost is still a ghost, and terrible, whether a man does actually behold it or merely believes as much ; and the fact is altogether beyond questioning, that reasonable men, in all ages of the world, have believed upon occasion that their sense (of sight, of hearing, of smell) perceived indubitably things which had no demonstrable existence — things whose existence was even demonstrably impossible. The novel ist, therefore, is very far from ' con descension' when lie allows himself to deal with matters not strictly described as natural : rather, it mush be held, that he shall arrive at com pleteness only in giving to terror due eminence among the emotions which mould our lives. Here, by way of example, is a little story, true in all particulars, and common enough also in varying de grees. It is told in vain if you do not realise that in the lives of these people the one thing bound to happen upon any emergency would always, to the end of their days, be what is still called the supernatural : — The family consisted of a father, a mother, and their three daughters, of whom the youngest was now beyond the age of childhood ; and, for just so long a time as they could remember, these girls had lived, as it were, under the very shadow of death. The father was a decent living mechanic, not in any way a man of strong character, but honest, hard-working, finding always a very real support in the comfortable doctrines of his religion. His wife, too, was a good woman in her way, and their children should have lived happily in their home, and carried pleasant memories of it there after into other places. Only they knew, and were unable to forget, that the seeds of consumption were em bodied in them from birth, and though none of the family had succumbed as yet, they were perpetually aware of this possibility of their lives. It was the mother that went first, struggling a long while to believe that she would yet cheat the allotted fate, clinging des perately to the household tasks that were her part in life, but forced at last to relinquish the struggle and sit all day long at the fireside in the one downstarirs room, helplessly awaiting the pleasure of the disease. The husband had a woman's tenderness, nor may you doubt the strong affec tion of tho children for their mother. Yet the fact remains that, from the first certainty of imminent death, all three stood away from her, regarding her fearfully, as if she had been the incarnation of all that was unbearably dreadful to them. Thereafter, when she lay upstairs, they entered some times the little room where the husband shared with the parish nurse the task fo attendance upon their mother. But they made 110 demonstration of affec tion or regret, being visibly held back by a fear that scarce refrained from shuddering; aud. if, at such times, a fit of coughing took the mother, they ran immediately from the room, having of her the sort of horror one might conceive of a brute beast writhing in the last extremity of pain. At night they slept together in another room, the door barred against their terror without, their hearts hardened altogether to the despairing loneliness of the father, to the pain of the dying woman. And when at last she was dead, the fear had still so great a mastery over tliein that no one among them looked upon her face before the coffin had been nailed down. They lived for these few days, so far as was possible, out of the house. The father sat alone in the room with the body ; he alone of the household followed the coffin to the graveyard ; and thereafter for many weeks, sometimes of the dreadfulness which had held back the children from their mother when she was dying seemed, if I understand them rightly, to have been transferred to liini who mourned for her. That is a mere, example ; a score of instances might be quoted to show that the fear, not of dying, but of death and of the things which are beyond it, is upon occasion an emotion over mastering all the commoner instincts of humanity. And such instances cannot go unregarded. 