CHAPTER VI. IIOVINA'S SURPRISE. A whole fortnight has paBaed over Barry Morne's head ; a fortnight of utter, unimagined delight. She has walked in the elysian fields every day, get- ting more and more utterly drunk with the bliss which comes but once to such as she ; and she has had a companion in these enchanting walks, with- out whom she vaguely knows life will never any more be life, to her. It was ten o'clock in the morning, and the rain was falling in torrents Not a ghost of a chance for a walk by the mine, unless one chose to go in over shoes under an umbrella, and get well laughed at by the dear object when he came to hear it (for of course he would be there), and be well scolded by the authorities. Lovina ina dainty wrapper of China-blue (Lovina is always trim aDd lady-like), is clattering her sewing machine ; and the chairs and yellow floor are liberally strewn with dry-goods. Mrs. Morne, attired in sturdy linsey-woolsey, with a fair white apron, and spectacles on her dominant nose, sits at the end of the kitchen table, knitting like mad on a stocking for Lovina. Barry, elad in a short white jacket, short, brown gingham skirt, vast enveloping white apron, and dainty little shoes, trims and pats huge golden balls of butter, which scent the room with memory of red clover, and is very prim and dextrous about it. The brick range has one carbuncle of coal glowing in the bottom of the grate, the tea-kettle is sending out puffs of steam, the tins on the walls are glit tering like an ornament, and Trip is winking his eyes under the table and trying to see Barry's face at an acute angle, as his head rests peacefully on his furry fore-paws. There is such a clatter, and click, and patting of butter, that nobody hears a sound at the door, until Trip utters alrelp, and excitedly tumbles out of hia den, and maÈe^for it. Mrs. Morne solemnly pulled off her spectacles, laid down her knitting, and hied her to the door. A big, dark man stood before it, with a string of rain-drops running off the brim of his hat onto his nose as he looked up, with a prepossessing company smile at the massive dame. " May I come in, for shelter, for a few minutes, madam ?" quoth a strong, bold voice. " Come in, come in, and welcome," said the lady of the house, opening the door wide. " You must bo drenched through and though. Run, Barry, no, you're in the butter, will you, Lovina, bring the clothes-horse and spread this gentleman's overcoat to dry near the fire-place ?" And, oh, if it wasn't Windsor Monck, that walked straight in. " It's up with me now !" thought Barry, despair- ingly. " Won't Lovina scold ! And, good gracious ! just look at me, up to my elbows in buttermilk ! Oh, if I could only sink through the floor into the cellar !" Nobody saw her blazing cheeks and trembling smile, except, perhaps the dripping Btanger, as he coolly looked about him, and at her, and it didn't maybe matter so much about him. Lovina was gracefully assisting him off with his overcoat, and Mrs. Morne was bustling into the parlor to draw up the blinds, and make it habitable. Barry was waiting quakingly for Mr. Monck to speak to her, and her emotions were pretty equally divided between apprehension that he would and apprehension that he wouldn't when he saw her dowdy dress and plebeian occupation; and, sure enough, although she turned round at last with a quivering face, and looked straight at him over a great globe of butter on a dish, he gazed eye to eye at her without the faintest gleam of recogni- tion, and then turned his eyes away to the pale blue siren, Lovina, who was sweetly telling him how wet his coat was. Barry carried the dish into the dairy with a fierce pang at her heart. She was frightened to feel how cold her face had grown, for she knew she must be as pale as a sheet to feel like that. She sat down a minute on a butter tub, and tightly clasped her wet hands together. " To think that he wouldn't own me," thought Barry, wildly. " Oh, I can never, never go back and face him." She sat there, trying not to cry, fora little while, and then she heard her mother coming along the passage, and sprang up. "Wipe your hands, child," said Mrs. Morne, in an important whisper, " and carry in a jug of cider (that in the third barrel, mind), and a plate of crullers to the parlor. I'm snre that young gentle- man must be famishing, for he says he has been walking about, looking at the valley, for three hours. He's a stranger here, of course." Away went Mrs. Morne, and silly Barry trem- blingly pulled down her sleeves, crested her lovely little head, and marched anon into the parlour, carrying the refreshments with the air of an empress " Such» a magnificent distribution of land and water," Mr. Monck was saying to Lovina when she entered. " I have not seen anything to equal it in all my travels." " Yes, it is a very nice plcae," said Lovina, with her superior air ; " but it has one great drawback. We have no society worth cultivating-none." Barry put down the jug and plate at Mr. Monck's elbow, and he glanced up with polite bow, evidently thinking of something else. " You have not been educated here, I am sure ?" he said,|with an insinuating interest, to Lovina, who sat, the very essence of languor and gentility, oppo- site him. "Oh, no," with a faint indifferent smile ; "lam London bred, I may say. It is long since I have been here for more than a flying visit." " I thought so," said the perfidious man, with a flattering air. " I could not be mistaken in that style and manner, which is so painfully wanting in those unformed country girls." And with the very nape of her white neck grow- ing crimson, poor Barry left the room, humiliated, shamed, and stabbed to the heart. Oh, cruel Windsor Monck ! False, shallow Windsor Monck, what is your heart made of? Ashamed to acknowledge ¡her before that smooth visaged Lovina ! " You can take one of these handkerchiefs of Lovina's to hem, Barry, and go into the parlour with her and the gentleman," said Mrs. Morne. "You look tired, anyway. Go j I'll finish the butter." And Barry was forced to go. She went into the dim, green-carpeted, green- curfcained, and green embowered parlour, and sat down at one of, the windows, apart, with her hot eyes glued to ber sewing. ( Still the deep voice of Windsor Monck, grand and tuneful as cathedral bells, wont on chit-chatting to Lovina, praising the scenery, praising the river, praising the cider and crullers j to eil of which Lovina, with milk-and-water civility, responded. To Barry it was getting to be intolerable. She felt as if she was forever degrading herself to sit there and be insulted by the man whom she had madly allowed to whisper love words, and read their response in her eyes, only yesterday, down by the water ! At IaBt she sat up straight and looked at the door. She would run up to her room and stay there. Perhaps Mr. Monck had eyes in the back of his head, for he certainly turned it very opportunely and caught her in the act of rising. " Is this a sister of yours, madam ?" he inquired> with polite interest. I " Yes, a half-sißter," said Lovina, with wonderful condescension. " My mother was twice married and twice widowed. I am her elder daughter, , Lovina Pall. This is her younger daughter, Barry Morne." Mr. Monck bowed profoundly to each, and said, laughing : " Since I have learned to whom I am indebted for this hospitality, permit me to give you my own name-Windsor Monck." Lovina, just making up her mouth for o conven- tional smile and bow, forgot to end the performance and sat staring at Windsor Monck as if she were turned to stone. Always pale, her paleness now was death-like ; her eyes grew hard and glassy in their sudden terror. " Surely-I have-not-understood !" gasped she in a strange voice, and a hunted look came into her eyes. " Yes you have," said Monck, with a change as sudden as hers ; a fierce, defiant, menacing change. " I am Windsor Monck." With a stifled shriek she sank off her chair upon the carpet, as limp as any rag, and senseless. Barry sprang to her assistance, and so did Monck ; their hands met as they instantaneously tried t» raise her. " What does it mean ?" murmured Barry, pallid and reproachful. "Ruin to me!" whispered Monck, hoarsely; '. and-and separation from you, my little girl !" " What ? You care ?" she gasped, even in the midst of her alarm, a bit of heaven sliding into her heart. "And I thought you so cruel !" /His dusk eyes were devouring her yearningly hungeringly ; he stooped over the pale Lovina whom they supported, and drawing Barry aside, whis- pered : " You must come down to the oak to-night ; I can't go away without seeing you !" And then Mrs. Morne came in, and in a trice had Lovina camphorated, and chafed back to life again ; while Monck strode about in the kitchen, gnawing his moustache, and looking greedily at Barry as she flitted about in attendance upon Lovina, with the rich, glad glow on her little face. " What was it ailed you ?" demanded Mrs. Morne» when Lovina sat up; smoothing her crumpled robes and looking about her palely. " I don't know, I am sure," she responded. " I never was more astonished in my life than when I found myself falling off the chair. Over-work, I suppose." " You seemed terrified when Mr. Monck-" Barry stopped as if she was shot ; the look which her half-sisfcer turned upon her was frightfully in earnest, and frightfully threatening, too. "What?" said Mrs. Morne, for though her temper was sharp, her wit was not. "It was when Mr. Monck was telling us his name, that the queer feeling came over me," said Lovina, burying her nose in her handkerchief to inhale the cologne with which it was sprinkled (for Lovina, you see, was a lady) ; " but my fainting had nothing to do with what was passing round me. Where is Mr. Monck ? I am quite ashamed to have frightened him away." She knew well enough where he was, for nobody could help hearing the clank of his heavy feet on the kitchen floor ; and he came in instantly. " Have you recovered, Miss Pall ?" said he, look- ing darkly at her. " Quite Mr. Monck," said she, with a feeble and deprecating smile. "You must not desert the house for this, you know," with shy double entendre " You must come back and see us, and test our hospitality as long as yon stay at Bonaccorde, and you shall see that we are not as bad as you might think." He listened attentively, and a grim smile crossed his face. " Thanks,.Miss Pall; I shall avail myself of your kind permission," said he, and with a profound bow returned to the kitchen, and put on his coat. Barry, with her heart in her mouth, ventured out to open the door for him, Mrs. Morne being still engaged looking over the casualties of her favourite daughter ; and so Windsor Monck and Barry had it all their own way, as far as making beautiful eyes at each other, until the coat was on. Then Barry having opened the door, Monck drew her out to the step, for the rain had ceased for the time. « You'll come ?" whispered he, bending low. She looked up, and she looked down, and with a low, quivering heart-laugh murmured ; " I'll try." And so he left her, with heaven in her heart, and her heart in her eyes. For There's nothing halt so sweet in life, As love's young dream. (To be continued.) 