? "4 Catholic.newspaper « d misnon fo every parish" . . - —-His HOLINESS POPE LEO XIII. VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. MONTH'S MIND FOB THE LATE VERY REV. DEAN DONAGHY, V.G. On Monday next, at 10 o'clock, a Solemn Office and Requiem Mass will be celebrated in St. Patrick's Cathedral in memory of the late Vicar-General of the archdiocese. We are confident that it will be largely attended by those whose business occupations will not keep them engaged during the forenoon. Ever since the death of Dean Donaghy the feeling has been spontaneous and widespread that it was due to the virtues of the gentle and holy priest who ministered so many years, and with such singular success, in Melbourne, that some memorial should be erected to perpetuate his memory. The Archbishop has been consuited, and, while cordially approving of the project, has suggested that, considering the large numbers who are certain to show their esteem of the late Dean, the contributions from each should be limited to a small amount. A preliminary meeting will be held in the Cathedral immediately after Vespers on Sunday evening next, 17th inst., for the purpose of inaugurating the movement. The Archbishop will preside. Where so many have a common interest in the success of the undertaking, no special invitations,to attend will be sent. The friends pf the late Dean, both lay and clerical, will erect th6 memorial as A labour of love. THE ANNUAL CLERICAL RETREAT. On Monday, about half the priests of the archdiocese entered upon the annual clerioal retreat of a week at St. Francis Xavier's College, Kew. On Monday next, after the Requiem at the Cathedral, the remaining half will enter upon the spiritual exercises. LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CONCERT. The fifteenth of the very successful series of concerts which the members of St. Francis branch of the League of the Cross have been giving in the Hibernian Hall came off on Monday night in the presence of a fairly large audience. The programme was a very good one, and included an almost endless variety of selections. In addition to the Usual songs and recitations, some very clever tumbling and clog-dancing tt&s; -introduced by Messrs. Bran Bros, sand Brown Bros, respectively. The entertainment concluded, with an interesting lecture by Mr. J. G. Jageqrs, entitled, " Chapters of a Tour Through the Old World" THE MATRICULATION EXAMINATIONS. The following were the successful candidates from the Catholic schools at the iecent matriculation examinations :— ST. PATRICK'S COLLEGE.—William Joseph Pius Fitzgerald, John Bennesey, John Martin Kiely , Charles Joseph Oliver , William George Rose, Timothy Francis Sullivan. ' ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S COLLEGE, KEW. - Thomas Joseph Coffey, Charles Bernard Considine, Thomas Napier Considine, William Desmond Considine, Maurice Thomas Doyle, Rudolph Friedlieb, Patrick John Holden, Francis Joseph Keenan, Francis Edward McGee, John Joseph Murphy, Daniel Aloysius Nolan, William Laurence O'Connor. Francis Edward Walsh. CHRISTIAN BROTHERS' COLLEGE, MELBOURNE.— Albert Salkeld, John O'Hagan, Daniel O'Connell, Patrick Kearns, James Kennedy, John Brennan, Rudolph Warming, Henry Bartley, William Whyte. BOLT GHOST COLLEGE, BALLABAT. —William Joseph M'Cartby. (CHRISTIAN BAOTHEBTF SCBTOOL, ST. KNII.— Edward Bury, Thomdfl < Crosby, Patrick Charles Toohey. OOHVENT OF MKBOT, GIELOSO,—MaJj Gaulfield, Frances A. Sullivan, Elizabeth Thompson, CONVENT OP, TIHBOI, KTNETON.—Annie Oeoilia WaUhe. PBEBBNTATION CONVENT, EMTBHNWICK.—- Mary Doyle, Mary Dolehunty. ' Sr. FATBIOK'S CATHBDBAL SCHOOL (Sisters of Charity).—Bess Hyland Kennedy. LOBBTTO CONVENT, MAM'S MOUNT, BAT,- UBAT.—Nellie C. Boehe. BMOZOM CONVENT, ABABAT. — UAIY Josophine Tobin. THE CATHOLIO YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETIES. A meeting of delegate* from several C.Y.M. Societies was held at tbe Archbishop's Palace on Saturday. Tbe delegates represented the following apoiatic*Melbourne, Richmond, Oarltoo, Brunswick, Collingwood, North Melbourne, North Fiteroy, South Melbourse, 8t Kilda, Port Melbourne, WHiamstOwn, Kawndon, Kyncton, Hawthorn, Fleabgton, Millbrodt, J«a Clifton Hill. Mr. Benjunlo Soarc VM fleeted ohiiwaw, The Archbishop said he was glad to see siich a large gathering. He understood that 'they had tome together, for a very important purpose—to effect a useful union between all the branches of the yqung men's societies throughout the colony. That was a very important work, for if those societies were to extend and the existing ones to prosper it was useful, if not necessary, that they should aid one another. Without having a bond of union between all it was impossible to expect that such aid would be continuous or efficient. He therefore regarded it as very important and satisfactory that delegates had assembled in such large numbers to endeavour to effect this needful union. That was a preliminary meeting, and he did not think it necessary to enter into details on the occasion. What he would venture to suggest, however, was this—that in laying down the lineB for union, they would bear in mind and endeavour to copy the bond which existed between the different parts of the Church itself. In the Church there was a central authority which exercised a mild and beneficial rule all over the Church, consistent with liberty of action all over the parts of the Churoh. Let them also form a solid and permanent centre of unity, whence advice, help, and encouragement would go forth, that would be received with respect as firm authority. But let them also try to leave to the individual Societies as much freedom of action as possible. The function of the central body should be to afford assistance, advice, encouragement, and personal presence occasionally at the individual branches" of the society. That could be done without restricting the liberty which each society naturally wished to be able to exercise in the control of its own affairs. If Buch a union as he foreshadowed were effected it would be a great and lasting benefit to the archdiocese. He need not tell them that ,he looked to the young men as a very great force, which would, now and in the future, be of great advantage and a material help to the Church in its operations through the archdiocese. This country was not like one of the oldest countries ; they had here none of the evil traditions of olderestablished lands. Here they were blessed with a constitution, entirely free. The people themselves were the law-makers, and it behoved every member of the community to labour for the common good, which truly meant their own individual happiness and comfort. Individual enterprise apd action could accomplish much, out United object and action produced great [effects. YOung lien fulfilled ft high destiny by thpir influence and fexample, which was capable 'of inducing others to enter upon that course of usefulness and happiness that was within the reach of every young man in thiB country. He (the Archbishop) took a Very lively interest in the proceedings of the con- vention that day, and hoped that every success wbuldcrown their'efforts. Whatever rules they prepared for the working of the union should be temperate in tone, but strong in principle, if j they were to effect the purpose in view, and they should see that in every branch of the federation the main purpose of these rules was faithfully observed. Local cifrruftstances must modify thie regulations in some places—and the rules should be sufficiently elastic to allow this to be done—but the main purpose should be universally kept in view and carried out. Hitherto the different societies had drawn up rules for them, selves, but he did not think that was a good principle, because in a short time such diversity in rules and practice would prevent the societies front being designated by a common name. He would therefore impress upon them the [importance of two things—the oreation of a central authority and the observance of common rules by all the societies throughout the archdiocese. Having common rules and a good disposition to observe them, he had no doubt that the societies would be a great benefit to the present generation of Oatbolio young men and to those who would succeed them in the distant future. Wishing them every success, he would now leave them to form them- work. He hoped it would not be the last time he would have the privilege and pleasure of addressing them, but that he would meet them again when they had accomplished their union and agreed to a code of rules to be observed by all. When this was done, thejr would have reached an important era in the history and progress of tbe Oatholicyoungmen • societies in this oolohy. His Oraoe, having other business of an important nature to attend to, then withdrew. following resolution ww tben proposed by Mr. Meagher, aeoonded by Mr. Htgarty, and carried«—" That thie parting of delegate*, representing eeren- .teen societies of tho Archdiocese of Melbourne, assembled to consider a fabi 1 ! ject for promoting a federal amtoih ' ' amongst the Catholic young men's' societies, is of opinion that the full : development of the several branches of ; these organisations must depend largely upon the establishment and maintenance t of such a union as shall conserve the ; complete autonomy of all the parts, while it provides machinery fOr «xtending, regulating, and fostering the local : branches in every part of its jurisdio* tion." • Mr. J. B. Coghlan moved, and Mr. Lannigan seconded—" That in order to . effect this object Messrs. B. Hoare, M, . M'Namara, J. B. Coghlan, and P. J. Doyle be appointed to bring in a draft constitution of the proposed federal union, and submit the same to this meeting." The remainder of the proceedings were not open to the Press, but we understand that a constitution was drawn up and agreed to. The constitution . , provides for a central council, consisting, of delegates from each branch of the C.Y.M.8. The constitution will now be submitted to the various branches for consideration, and the members will be asked to signify their approval of it or otherwise. NEW CHUBCH AT DANDENONG. It is always gratifying to find ;a fraternal feeling existing among the Protestants and Catholifes of any town or district, but particularly so when/as at Dandenong, our separated brethren are not only well disposed towards us, but. are also generous in contributing towards the cost of our places ,of worship. Had it not been for the cordial assistance of non- CathOlics, the Eev. J. Daly would, no doubt, have found it no easy matter to erect the elegant church which now crowns the most elevated site in Dandenong. No sooner fwaa the undertaking suggested, however* than the much-esteemed pastor found that it was one in which all classes of the community took much interest, and it was not long before' they gave . undeniable evidence of their desire' to assist their Catholic neighbours in erecting a place of worship. Now that < it is completed the church is one which every resident of Dandenong haB reason to be proud of. Its stately proportions and graceful lines are a becoming addition to the^local public buildings or the town. Briefly, both interiorly and exteriorly the building in Bize, shape, and general appearanoe approaches as r . near as possible to architectural perfection. We have referred above to the liberal assistance given by the non-Catholic portion of the community to the building committee, and it now remains to add a word about the Zeal and generosity 6f the Catholics : themselves. From the beginning all rightly regarded the church, i as a work in which they had a,special individual interest, and no trouble wps j spared in order to make the burden Fr. Daly and his committee had assumed-as light and easy as possible. For instance, one good lady, M*rs. Edward Sfctagei'oE ' " The Anchorage," Berwick, < tifid^ftotok : to provide the magnificent stainediglass window which occupies a place over the / high altar; another Berwick^ lady. Mis?; . O'Connor, presented the jaltar. itself.; JanjL t Mrs. Biardon, also of Berwick, gave a valuable carpet for the sanctuary; Wlucu has the additional merit Of harmonising' ; with the colour of the background of'the"' window. Other members of the 'congregation were also liberal in their gifts, so that the actual expenditure on the building and fittings, i2300, does, not nearly represent the cost of thp"church,. as it now stands. The' Ardhbishop ot Melbourne kindly consented to ^perform the opening ceremony, add for that purpose arrived in Dandenong! «n Saturday evening. Up to ,a late hour oa < .Saturday night a number of .ladies and gentlemen were oocupied decorating. the; interior of the building with flowers and evergreens, with the result that when jt was opened to the public for the firtfc time on Sunday morning it pre«ehted : a ; very pretty appearanoe. > A ' huge floral cross occupied the centre of tbe front of the organ gallery, and festoons of evergreens were tastefully arrowed along the panelling. Theali& Tr^lsand gas- stands were also decorated in "* similar manner. At 10.30 on Sunday morning the Archbishop, assisted by ffcfe Vary Bev. M. Carey (BUternwiok), the ® r" < Williinutown), and ^ Bev. J. Daly (pastor of the mission), biased the church exteriorly ad intenorly, after which Mass coram epucopo was celebrated by the Very Eev. ' A speoial musical service, rafting of selections^ from Farmer and Weber, Wa» rendered by a fi«l-cl»»s ohoir, ineludinc such artiste* as Miss Joiephine O^Brisna. Mrs. J. p. By an, Mr.MooreT«nd aw. Bona, together with a rerr •frong choru. of local siogm. St, John Kennedy ooo ducted local lady, Mrs. Moore, acquitted herself at the organ in splendid style. The sermon was preached by the Rev. G-. Byrne, who took for his test the 19th verse o! the 28th chapter of St. Matthew " Go ye forth, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." This command was addressed, said the preacher, by Our Lord to His Apostles, who gave with it the assurance of His own word that He would be with them all days, even to the consummation of the world. He called together His Apostles, and commanded them to teach all nations in order to provide the means of salvation for all men. He did not tell them to go and teach the gospel to one nation or to one people, but to each and all, that they all might have an equal chance of salvation, and that if they did not save their souls it would be their own fault. In Genesis it is written that when the world was fit for the habitation of man God created the first man and woman, and placed them in the Garden of Eden, where they lived in a state of innocence which we could only imagine. He promised them that if they were obedient to His one command, they should have life -everlasting. Easy as it seems to us it would have been for Adam and Eve to observe the command of God, they did not do so, and by their disobedience brought misery upon themselves and their posterity. They were cast out of the Garden of Eden to earn their bread by the sweat of their brow. Notwithstanding the sin they had committed, God inspired them with one great hope. He promised them that One would be born who would rend asunder the chain with which Satan held the human race. It was not until 4000 years after the fall of our first parents that that promise was fulfilled, and that the Son of God appeared upon earth to redeem man from his fallen state, and make it possible for him once more to save his soul. Man was redeemed, but not saved. It was through the medium of the Church that his salvation was to be accomplished That Church must be holy, it must be apostolic, and it must be universal, and Catholics claimed that their Church possessed these marks or signs. The Catholic Church was one in her teaching and in her governing power, holy in the means of salvation which she presented to heir children, and holy in aome at least of her members, and Catholic, or universal, because she existed in every country; and was not the church of one nation or one people but of all, and she was Apostolical in the unbroken line of her bishops back to the days of St. Peter. Again, in our holy Church we had the means of salvation. We had the Scriptures preserved in their original form, and the sacraments which Christ instituted. It might be said with truth that the Church took her children by the hand from their birth, and watched over them until death. At birth she washed out the stain, or original sin, with the waters of baptism, and when the dawn ofreaBon appeared strengthened the soul in the fear and love of Grod with the Sacrament of Confirmation. Later in life she called the sinner back from his wicked ways, she strengthened her children by the worthy reception of the sacrament of the Eucharist, in which they received the body and blood, sbul and divinity of Jesus Christ. So on up to the hour of death, when the ministers of the church well still to be found at the side of the departing soul administering the sacrament of Extreme Unction prepare the soulfor its appearance btefore God. Concluding, Pr. Byrne made an able appeal on behalf of the church funds, to which a very generous response was made, the collection reaching the very high sum of £260, including a few amounts given before the opening of the church. The subscriptions included £30 from the Arehbishop, £10 from the Rev. P. J. Aylward, West Melbourne, £5 from the Very Rev. M. Carey, and £30 from the architects, Messrs. Blackball and Dalton. Fr. Daly said it gave him great pleasure to findhimself within the newlyerected church. It was long needed, and now that it was erected he might say that it was a credit to all concerned. The erection of the church so far had cost £2200. This was a large debt for the •mall Catholic population of Dandenong to contend with, but they had the assurance of the assistance of residents of other denominations, and this of itself was very encouraging. The Arohbishop congratulated the Catholic* of Dandenong upon their new church. It was a substantial and convenient one, and would provide for the Catholic* of the district for many years to come. The population of Dandenong was sot very large, nevertheless the church was a beautiful and costly one. It Was right mod proper that people who all the week were taken up with earthly things should on the Sunday, when they went to Mass, find themselves in the midst of surroundings which would raise their minds to God and remind them of the beauty of heaven. S uch was the object of the stained glass window and the otherartistic fittings of the church. He. was glad to find that the Catholics had been aided by the people of other denominations. All had contributed liberally, and, in addition, individual sacrifices had been made. For instance, the stained-glass window was the gift of a good and pious lady, and so, too, were the altar and sanctuary carpet.' They had all striven to make the church beautiful before the eye of God and man, and he could only hope sincerely that it would be a source of perpetual blessing to them. The church is of red brick, with freestone dressings in the Gothic style of architecture. The nave is 57ft. 6in. by 34ft., the sanctuary 20ft. by 14ft., and the sacristy 16ft. by 14ft. The height of the nave is 52ft. There are two entrances, the one in the south end of the building having an interior clear pine porch. A fine organ gallery occupies the south end of the building, with a Gothic front of cedar and pine. The walls are built upon the approved hollow system, which ensure a cool interior in addition to dry atmosphere and perfect ventilation. The church is lined with picked kauri pine, with cedar panelling. The stained-glass window represents the Annunciation," and has been executed by Messrs. Hughes, Rogers and Co. It contains our lights, the two centre ones being aken up with the main subject. Inr je surroundings, as throughout the wine*. w, are symbols of the B.V.M. A golden screen runs at the back of the figures, breaking up the background and harmonising with the neutral blue and soft green foliage, which is studded with symbolical fruit. At the feet and in front of the figures are roses and lilies, which, rising as they do before tho draperies, enable the artist to add to so essential in a work like this. In the side lights are emblems of the " Seven Dolors" and the "Star of the East.'* The inscription at the base of the window reads, " In memory of deceased mother and brothers of Mrs. Edward Savage, Berwick." The effect produced is very fine, and on the whole the window must be classed'as one of the best which Mr. Hughes has turned out, and is a further evidence of the folly of sending to Europe for work of this class when we have artists in our midst who can produce windows of a quality in every way superior to those imported. The other windows in the church are also by the same firm, and though plain tinted glass only is used, they are very pretty indeed. The architects for the building were MessrB. Blackwall and Dalton, and the contractors Dingle and Kilgariff. ESBENDON. The Esiendon Catholic Young Men's Society held its half-yearly meeting on Monday, 4th January, there being a very large attendance of members. The re. port and balance-sheet, as read by the secretary, showed that the society was steadily increasing, both numerically and financially. The election of officebearers for the ensuing six months was held, and resulted as follows:— President, Mr. H. F. Briggs; vicepresidents, Messrs. J. Johnston and W. H. Murphy; treasurer, Mr. T. Quirke (re-elected); warden, Mr. F. Coop; editor of journal, Mr. J. Shanahan; librarians, Messrs. S. Morrison and J. J. Marmion (re-elected); assistant secretary, Mr. T. Brennan; hon. secretary, Mr. J. T. M'Kinnon, Darling-street, Moonee Ponds ; committee, Messrs. F. Calnan, M. Lillis, J. M. Kennedy, T. Brennan, and J. J. Bourke. The newlyelected officers thanked the members for the honour conferred upon them. A vote of thanks was passed to the retiring officers, and suitably responded to by the past president, Mr. M. Brennan. At the business being concluded, harmafiy was indulged in, to which a number of members contributed. 