Children's Special Service Mlission. .-:o:-- Be REV. H. BRADDOCK, INCUMIBEST OF ST. MATTHEW's, BUUDFORUD. THIS was how the parent society of the C.S.S.M. began. About twenty-seven years ago, one July day, a gentleman was strolling on the beach at Llandudno, North Wales. Dozens of youngsters were energetically piling up or digging in the sand, dozens more were wading about bare-legged with their shrimping nets and buckets amongst the rocky, weedy pools. The sun shone on the blue waves, and lazy big folk read or dozed. Presently he came across a disconsolate party of boys and girls tired of their spades and longing for something else to do. He dearly loved children, and so he paused beside them. Happy thought ! " Will you help me to make a big text here? " said he. " All right." " Well, get a lot of pebbles, some black and some white; you go for fine seaweed, and you lend me some string." The boys' pockets turnted out several pieces, which, tied and stretched between two pegs, made the base line. Pebbles were brought. Others came to see what was all tlhe matter. Soon, in large letters, fringed with pretty green treed, stood out the sweet statement, " God is Love." " What shall we do next ?-would you like a story?" " Oh, es!" So Mr. Josiah Spiers, in hisi own inimitable fashi n, preached the first of the thouands o! his seaside .ermons. The children were enchlanted. "Please come to-merrrovw. So he did. Helpers rallied. A hymnw sheet was struck off. Next year special picture leaflets were printed. A few years later the Children's Scripture Union began which now has 5oo,ooo members,reading in 30 different tongues. Now this last s.tmmer at home some hundreds of honorary members, mostly undergraduates or divinity students, are holding services at sixty different water ing places. In view of the coming mission to the young to be held by Mr. Green, of Lon don, it will be asked by many, "What permanent good does this Home Mission do ?" The writer has been connected with it for some years, and can speak with confidence. the blessing of God accompanies this work. True. all the blossom does not fructify, but enough does to far more than repay the toil. When we recollect that God the Holy Ghost is striving in the heart from ear liest childhood, we need not be surprised to find permanent rooting and grotwth to fruit even amidst uncongenial sur roundings. "I'll watch them," said a superintendent of Sabbath-school, scep tical as to the reality of some young lovers of the Lord. '" Watch over them was the just and reproving reply. And that is our business, as under shepherds: to "feed the lambs." Aerieultural and glazing areas avsilb'e -County of Anglesry, larish ,, Ililihan and Flowerdale, ULta, allotment 1:Is, Seymour Land office, forfeited'Jund tectiuts, huldi g A Martt. C'oonau. 