" HOW SWALL" WE IDEEiC ' -"THIS- QUESTIOTN T" Nora, which is the worse-to have no appetite for your. disner, or to have no dinner fur your ppetite .. 'Ibere are lots of people on the one sideor the other of this question. When "nood digestion waits on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a peracn towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; we either have too much food without an'appe tite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folks will annwerthis ques tion differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't feel like eating, stands in need of "alteration and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer says, "I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel. against the nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himeolf. He says. "In trhe year 1889I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been slgnal-nan twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My month tasted bad,so thatordinary nrticlesof diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow for round it. My breath was offentive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always rigiht before I had eaten any thing. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather rso it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wondelr thllt under these clreum stances our friend did not do his meals justice. He adds that there wan what he calls" a prick Inc enstration" Ps Mlir heart. as though-. iL__wro touched with romre sharp iustrumont. Then, again, at times ho was atta:cked with epasms. the asny of which was no severo that the sweat . lled off him. " I dreadeld," he says, "the thought of eating, and many a meal I made, for I cas afraid to eat." "After a time Igot into a low, weak,norvonu condition, and felt miserable, as if something was going to happen and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep.' f Whathe means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of conrse, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, orthe death of somebody dearto him. This was due, as he intimates,. to tihe im poverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts ind goblins, the' creatures of a restless and uugoverned imag nation. , "With ?roat dlfficulty." he says, I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I straggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of descrip tion. I an sure no one has asufered so much as I have done." ' In tihe latter statement he I undoubtedly wrong." One's' own pain is one's own, and is always harder .to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless mul titude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment hrd left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like his oton having been curedby Mother Meigol's Syrup: ," Iy wife",he says, "got mue a bottle a Mr Langstanlfs, in Woodlcfordl, and after using its contents the ailment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did for mel I have been employed by the'Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) t _1 GEORE UNr,, " Car Bottom Road, "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, ii order thaltpart of the world at least may know how thankit lihe is and for what reason. 