NOTES FROM PARLIAMENT. (BY A CARPER .) There has been an air of mystery bovering around many members during the week that can hardly be accounted for. The ghosts of many Jobs sit heavily upon their souls, and while they do not say much, yet they be»r about with them an air of reserve and self repression that is alarming to the unini tiated. The mystery, too, is in strange con trast with their speeches. 'An lion, member who says he knows something about the mallee country tells all and sundry, in the secrecy of the lobbies, what a story he could tell. “ Why, sir,” he says, “ this Mr Las oelles is just making a fortune. Just think who are in it,” and then he looks wise. “ If my mouth was not sealed I could make a sensation; and I am not sure that I won’t.” Then, when the listener is all alive to hear this member’s speech, he hoars nothing but a reiteration as to the value of the mallee country, the great need that exists for a line, “ but not this one, and not by a private individual." Really for a development that promised so much, the Hopotoun Railway Bill is very disappointing. It has none of the spice, that it was to' have; it has not even embarrassed the Ministers, and that was the least that was expected of it. Instead of giving the Minister of Railways a shaking, and utterly destroying the Minister of Lands, it has whitewashed both, and quite dissipated the idea that something dangerous was underlying it. Mrs Malaprop’s charge wept bitter tears because, after having carefully planned an elopement and lived on thoughts of the joy of it, she had to demurely and convention ally bo married in a ohuich; and onlookers, who were promised many things when the bill came on, saw it pass through all its stages on Thursday with tear-dimmed eyes. How full of promise it was! How like a roaring linn it came in! H->w like a lamb it went out! Most of those who were going to burst up everything, and move an amend ment upon every clause, did not stay to see it nut; and the Minister had the dullest of triumphs when he passed it through. Possibly, as Dr Bevan says “the army" is ? Parliament is getting altogether, too re spectable, Even a misunderstanding be tween the representatives of rival districts, such as Mr M’Coll and Mr Taverner, gats settled in ainatter of fact way that takes all the sting out of it. It was a little sugges tive though to see Mr Gillies stepping in and throwing his protection around his lately-returned prodig >1 in Mr U'CnII. Representing, as they do, antagonistic in terests, it is quite natural that Mr Taverner and Mr M’Coll should misunderstand each other upon a matter so vital to their dis tricts. Mr Taverner is one of the mallee members, and warmly supports the practice subdivision, Mr M’Coll, on the other hand, belongs to an irrigation district, and does not like or trust the mallee administration. Mr Taverner claims a special knowledge because he represents the district. Mr M'CoII also claims a special knowledge because he has ransacked the Lauds Depart ment, has interviewed allotment holders, and has devoted himself with an intense earnestness to the whole matter. The re search and the industry Mr M’Coll has dis played is worthy of all praise, even if bis deductions are not quite agreed with. It is quite in keeping with human nature that members so sure of their ground should make very positive statements. So far it has been a See- saw sort of assertion and con tradiction with these two; but when Mr Taverner sought to crush his rival with a letter from Mr Laaoelles, Mr Gillies rose in all his suavity. It was an education to new members. Ha threw his most fatherly tones into the gentle rebuke he gave Mr Taverner, and when he sat down it was evident that the wandering Ministerialists had been fully and completely adopted into the Ministerial fold. The change in the spirit of the mallee debate was in gr»at contrast with that of Inst week. Last week speakers followed in quick succession against the proposal, until it looked ns if the Minister had been foolhardy in introducing, it, but, acting without generalship, it seems ns if the opponents of the bill fired olf all their speeches at thn out set, This week the succession was the other way, and the approval came principally fmm city members. In both cases the Ministry seemed listless and indifferent.. “ It is n matter in which the Govern ment have no feeling either way,” said Mr Wheeler when introducing the measure. They throw the bill into the House, and let members wrangle over it. Whether the indifference on the part of the Government was assumed nr actual, it was a wise one. They stood to win either way. If, Parliament wanted to have money spent upon railways, here, they said, is an oppor tunity, If they do not, well, they need not. And Parliament, after calling'the measure all sorts of had names, said they did. Thn Minister and the bill were both quiescent, with the result that at a very early stage the passage was clear. The only question at issue was whether the Government should construct it or whether Mr Lasaelles should. If the House really had their way the Government would have to construct it for the very sufficient reason thst then the Committee on Railways would have to be appointed, Avery great matter in what the Premier terms “ these lean years.” It is Sir Henry Wrixon’s misfortune that the fairies who gave him his gifts at his birth were all good ooes. They were mild man nered, liberal minded, fair dealing sort of fairies, and there was not a crooked backed nor jaundiced looking one among them Prob ably they never intended that their protege should be a politician, otherwise they would have let a dash or two of prejudice enter into him. A politician without prejudices is a curious sort of being. In party matters he is very unreliable, and mostly because ho has no prejudices. Sir Henry is nevera>fe to be reckoned upon. No one but be would have thought of looking at the railway ex cept through the select committee’s report upon the mallee leases. Much leas would any one else have done so when so many Govern ment supporters were very hostile to the Min ister's proposal. But he added one more to the nnmber of times that he has disappointed those who reckoned on him when he.blessed Mr Lasoelles instead of cursing him. Yet for all that thn momber for Portland hae very pronounced views upon the settlement of the mallee. It was rather an unfortunate move on the pert of the lessees, that when the snleot committee went through the dis trict they-were carefully fed with one kind of witnesses. It left an Impression upon the minds of -the members' that some interest was at work- keeping b>efc the other side. The result was that, according to Sir B.enry, the committee reported, not according to the evidence, but according to the impression made upon their minds, that there was something kept back. . Aa far an the railway was concerned, everything was open and clear, and it was just like Sir Henry to rtrop all his impressions, and judge the proposal on its m°rits. It was one of those actions that mskes onr newest knight hard to understand, and accounts for the “ but” that sometimes ends a speech. They ware not all gentle, tractable fairies that presided over Mr Daw’s entrance to the world, though there were several spirits there of the “Puck” kind, who threw a very decided dash nf mischief into the now comer’s disposition. The ex-Minister of Lands is never so. happy as when he is running counter to the course he is expected to go, and treading upon his fellow member’s tenderest corns with all the vigor and en thusiasm of a mischievous boy. They say that Mr Dow wrote some very strong things about the mallee settlement once, and, there fore, he was naturally expreted tn say some strong things. So he did, but they pulled the wrong way. If the division list be taken in Itself it would be thought that those who had been fighting the railway all the week wonld be very unhappy; hut they were not, they were very hsppy. Those who were to move amendments were called away by urgent private business. The labor members were anxious to set themselves straight out with their constituents. To do this Mr Wyllie had to move an amendment. Hence the joy. The labor party is a small but a compact .party, and the Corner is anxious to break up thoir unanimity, Mr w, T. Carter has already been detached, but as ho was the most recklessly careless of consequences, bis case was an easier nne. ■Mr Treuwith keeps a very anxious eye upon his : friends, and so far they have consis tently followed the Government. The rail way was, welcomed as a. way to get them used to seeing the Ministry on the other side. It is quite a question whethtr their allegiance was at all weakened, but then it does not do a Government _ fol lower any good to place him in opposition now and again. Mr Trenwitli tried hard to look as if he did no care while Mr Wyllie was speaking in his full round- tones; but ho sesmed very uneasy, and Mr Shiels looked very sympathetically. Usually Mr Treuwith sits right behind the . Premier and whispers encouragement into hi* ear, but Thursday when occurred The little riit within the lute That by and by will make the music mute, he sat far up on the b*ck benches and over towards the corner. Such is life. 