THE WEE X. The year -whioh has 'just closed will long be remembered in the annals of; Viotorian trade and finance lie oneof the most trying yet experi enced dn its 'relatively - ahbrt history: Trado, ' it may; be -said; has not been marked by! any remarkable failures, but on the' other hand it has been seriously ana prejuuiaially influenced hy the collapse of numerous companies and associations with -which its interests indirectly, if. not directly, li'avo been mixed up.' : The col lapse' of the "land boom " during the latter half - of ; 1888 created, it may boiiaid, only a limited amount of inconvenience. The . ope rators were still sangniho that matters would mend,- and extraordinary efforts— more or less successful— were ; at the earlier date re ferred \ to - made ; to tido over- immedi ate difficulties by carrying the bulk , of their liabilities forward. Unfortunately theso sanguine expectations have not been realised. The tide has been steadily ebbing, and even now it" is impossible to assert with confidence that low water mark has been rcaohed. But ; one result: was possible, and this was that - tho day Of settlement so long postponed . would: bring! with it ruin to a large : number of tkoso institutions whose existence was duo to that period of undue expansion and unnatural inflation. Marvellous-Melbourne — for it is in the capital where tho effeot: of. tho collapse has been so largely felt— has shown another of its wondrous and rapid changes, with tlie result that a' few months, or rather weeks, was found to be all that was necessary to destroy that condition of things which during the boom. period had come' into existence.- It must not, however, be overlooked that whilst individual losses have been enormous, practically we are only returning to the position which existed prior to 1886. For a short timo under the in fluence of mnd speculation proporty values were inflated toan extent that was simply absurd, whilst now they are retaining again into their normal condition. The property is still there ; it may have ohanged owners dozens of times, sometimes at a large profit and again at a heavy loss ; still tho asset nt the back of the oporation remains, and in many instances has been improved in various ways. . To this extent the country as a wliolo is no poorer,) but the uufortunato part of the history of the immediate past is that wo were hot content J to keep our o|5ora-' tions within' the limitsiof the -local money, market, but havo borrowed largely abroad j.and- it is - the foot, of meeting these: loans has: tended to incroaso the pinch. - . . Tho;, interest, if not tho principal, had to ; -be paid, and :,it has boon the ..providing: . for .tho same : that . lias , materially " affected our resources.;- This : is ; the weak- spot, in tho future ; that :has . to .be dealt with. If we can mannge to. settle outside .liabilities .the local onw are of aeeondary. importance to tho oountry; for tho profit or loss' is- only nn individual matter between A and B, and its adjustment only affeots those-whose interests are involved- . : " Disastrous ! as ! may' appear 'the -record' of tho year from 'tho point of view of StookExqhnngo prices -a " truer as" well as a1 "more cheerful inference may he drawn from an examination of the, ' actual results of mining operations.; The Ballarot distr!ot;is able' to present a fairly satisfactory return. The wealth; of gold con cealed in the alluvial deposits of the Ores-, wick division is showing signs of exhaustion, but per contra tho quartz) roofs arc enabling Ballar'at to maintain its premier position 'ambiig Victorian gold fields. Tho diluvial dbolino is only what was to be expected. .Unlike the sources of agricultural wealth which' possess tho power of recuperation mineral riches must undergo the proooss of diminution. Tho enormous productiveness of tho Oreswick leads could not bo for ever maintained, and . unless now discoveries - are made ono of the most famous mining districts in tho colony will soon cpnso to'add any considerable quotum to the annual yield. For the first time in tho history of Bdllarat the reefs have surpassed the alluvial,' and the glamor of tho Madame Berry js paling beforo the rising brilliancy of the' Star of the East. Bendigo, according to tho figures supplied, has not done mora than maintain its position, but as a matter of faot the prospeota arc vastly . better than last year, inasmuch as the accumulation of dividends has been in the Inst quarter of tho year. New gold bearing reefs have been discovered, and local anticipa tions' concerning tho future aire of tho brightest. Thoro is evidence therefore that the fall of prices in the stook market docs not accurately represent the real condition of affairs. Public confidence lias been so soveroly shaken during tho past 12 months that legitimate enterprises have boon thrown into tho shadow by tho reaetion from speoulativo excess. This state of things, however, is only temporary, and the continuation of steady work will soon restore tho market to h sounder basis. A review of mining operations for tho yoar without reference to the Broken Hill mines would 'be like the . play of Hamlet ; with the Prince of Denmark left out Not since the days of the fifties has there been any more romantie episode -in tho history of Australian mining than the wondorful development , of nature's hidden treasures lyingeoncoaled beneath the barren ranges of the Barrior. As if under tho magie influonoe of an Aladdin's lamp has a thriving township been brought into existence, where before was the dreary desolation of an arid desert. And Broken Hill, as the Ameri cans would say, has oome to Btay. The faith of its: residents in the. permanence of tho settlement ib; proved, by tho stability and obaraoter of the buildings which havo replaced tho flimsy strnotures whioh served their purpose at. tho outset. Prosperity de- ponds upon the mines, and. in the opinion of experts, whoso views must command respect, tho vast resourcos of the distriot have hardly yet been touched. Tho Proprietary mine already produces more than a tenth part of tho world's annual yield of silvor. - For tho year just closing the: value of the output.of silver and lead has exocedcd £3,500, 000, and longo inlervnllo there are ; other mines which are beginning to add their treasures to tho total. Some olianges in tho;motliods of working.the Proprietary mine havo recently attracted moro notice and some unfavorable comment. -Yet- oxperionce, so far as.it goes, -tends to show that tho confidence of the mnnagoment in Mr. Howell is thoroughly justified. The ! eoheme ..of -open outs servea a double purposo, for ' hot. only does it r enable the ore existing hear the surface to be obtained, but the removal of the weight of. outbrop assists - tho more economic working of underground opera tions. Shareholders, howover, are not. to blame for keeping a sharp. look out. after tlioir own Interests. Even the vigildnoo of mistakon criti cism is preferable to "the apathy of riegleot ' The outward and visible signs of- tho commer cial and firianoral depression from whioli tho community is suffering have hot been specially manifest during tho ; holiday rejoicings 'of tho OhristmaB season. The various ways of outdoor " oh joy mont whioli mark tho methods of Austra lian celebration have- received a full share of patronage, r It -may i bo, 'indeed it must be, if railway records are true; that there -lias - been loss travelling to and fro", but it is by.no means certain ' that the -result !is; not doe to other causes than the restriction of the family purse. According to tho Boxing Day returns there was a -falliug off in the railway traifio, both in. the takings and in the number of passengers carried. Fewer people visited tho : oountry than last year, but - that may! bo duo to the . attraction of cheap trips whioh the steamship 'companies -have viod with one another in offering. .The suburban system has had. to meet' with the competition of tho trams, and in more cases than ono the deoreaso in the railway receipts may bo attributed to the re quirements of the publio being less onrcfully looked after by the rail than by tho road.' ;It -.is observable, for oxample, that the St' Kilda traffic shows a distlnot drop. Now this is not to bo wondered at whori we find that by- tram passengers are carried round the esplnnado whilst by train they are dropped a -quarter of a' ;mile from the baths and the pier. The railway management does not prove itself snfBoiently7 alert to the opportunities of holiday traffic.' With a' race meeting at' Coburg, no addi tional' train'' accommodation Vivas provided on that' line, and the trams reaped tho harvest. So, also, with the line running in tho immodiato' vicinity . of tho Melbourne- crioket' ground, it- should be possible' for the railway-by temporary arrangements to secure somo share in tho traffic- to that - favorite resort. If only tho Railway Commissioners wo'uld sonson their admiration of their own ability with a little share of tbc'pub- lie discontent, railway admimetratibn might bo found capable of -improvement' in many -ways.' - ; ' ' ' -:! : Tho flourishing condition of the friendly- so cieties of Viotorla! islsatisfaotory- ovidence'thst - ,th'u internal .condition of the ; people, is not quite: so bad. as somo of the. eruptive sighs "would seem . to - indicate. Tlieso .societies and' the . savings : banks prove that -.the --priuoiples -;of: thrift are- widely, followed and that the speculative, mania : extended as it- has been,- nevertheless -has -not - swallowed up all 8cnr<0 of prudence. The friendly.: societies .with ramifications throughout the com- - raunity,- continue to increase and prosper. . The latest report, of the Government Statist, . who . exercises a kind of -paternal supervision: over , their welfare, shows that progress is continuous; - that tho number of, members is steadily - added, to, and that . their financial stability ; has been placed on a .much sounder footing. Tho amount of .--good done by this, form of insurance against the -possibilities of illness, - accident or death can hardly be over estimated. During the year under review, 1890, over £88,000 was spent on medical attendance -and - medicine on account of members and their > families, a similar amount as.. allowaneo to mombers temporarily inoapaoitated, , and over , £20,000 in interment money on the death of effective members and wives. Yot: the total ' receipts in the sick, and funeral fund oxcoeded the total expenditure, by over . £51,000 which is added to the acoumuiation of reserve capital 'necessary to meet tlio future liabilities incidental to tho ' increase in tho age of . members. ' Societies . registered under tho not' have now reserve funds . exeeeding " £900,000, figures whioh ' indicate that ' tho capital has thus increased continuously, and at a greater rate than tho effective membership. Tho position 'of tho" societies has beon' greatly ' improved by the enforcement of higher valua tions readily adopted by the groat " majority of .' their number. Some years ago there was danger that; tho perils'' of insolvency, would bo ohal- ; lenged by tho rates demanded from members being unequal to tho responsibilities undertaken. . Now however, in ' tho' ease of new members, .' adequate graduated scale's ; of payment are adopted in lieu of the uniform scales hitherto prevailing," and tho rates have been increased all )' round. The more'stringent regulations regard-. ' ing valuations afifirnied under the reoent amend ment of the law are working satisfactorily, and " the position is al together improved. ' Starved to jleath in the midst of . plenty is a sor rowful commentary, espooially at d season when ' the claims of charity' are supposed; to bp para- ' mount. It was indeed a pitiful story whioh'was disolosed at the inquest on the body of the infant who perished in this manner. The unfortunate mother was walking about the streets of the city on Christmas eve, with her dying child in her 'arms, and vainly seeking for tho kindly'aid ' whioh 'might havo preserved its ebbing life. It must seem remark- . able that in a community so amply provided with charitable institutions of all sorts and aon- ditions that no help was available under circum stances where urgency was so immediate. Yet, not only was this the oase, but it is not easy to ' lay tho finger of condemnation on any respons ible person. Tho fault 'lies- rather ' with tho system than with the -individual.: Refused - admittance to the Children's Hospital because tho child was nndor- the regulation ago, the - mother turned to the miscalled Immigrants' Home, only to be again rebuffed beennse the : committee had given peremptory instructions ' that ho ono was to be admitted' because of the - low state of the finances. Passed on to - tho i police, tho disheartened applicant proceeded on ' advico to Dr. Singloton's Home at Oollingwood, - only to find thoro everything in dnrknoss, ami then, not knowing how to pursue tho quest fur- ther, the wretohed -mother, tired,- 'hungry and ' exhausted, lay down on the grass with hor baby in her arms until the poor little soul gave up the . ghost. Then only "did the dead body of the 1 child': prove an open seeamo - to the olosed gates of ' the institution'' which "- wns popularly supposed to relieve- -urgent cases ' of - distress. Yet, as we have said, it iB hard to 1 attach responsibility anywhere.- -Tho jury rb-'. ' lievod their feelings by easting modified blntno on the gatekeeper at the Immigrants' Homo, hut ' ho docs not appear to have done anything ; more than civilly, carry out thp' direct'- 1 instructions given ; to him. 'No doubt if ' tlio superior officials bad' boen mnde ac-' ' quaintcd 'with - the'- special heed they would ; havo sfrainod a point even at their own expense; but the orders to tho gatekeeper wore uncon- : " ditional, and he cannot bb blamed for not ' exceeding his duty. The managing cominittao relieve themselves of oensurc by thoapt imputa- -' tioa that tho laok of publio liberality is to blamo, and tho publio will answer that tbo fault is really due to tho misappropriation of the funds : whioh it provides. Tbo mistako lies in the ;' Immigrants' Homo being converted into a';i reduplication of the bcnovolont asylum instead I ' boing maintained as a casual shelter whore tern--1: porary relief might be provided in eases of -"suoh'<-'Z \- a pressing nature as the ono whose - anhsppyo ending seems like a slur upon Christian charity. Modifying a well known proverb, it may be said that the Metropolitan Board of Works proposes an early commencement of the Mel bourne sewerage scheme, but that the London money market opposes. "W ithout funds being available work caDnot well proceed, aod indi cations do not angur favorably for an immediate floating of the £2,333,033 loan. The most that can be expected is that a quarter of this sum may be obtainable early in the year, and that a start may be made in about three months' time. As it appears that delay cannot be avoided the board might well consider whether this time for reflection and preparation cannot be turned to account. The alteration3 which have been made . in Mr. Mansergh's scheme are doubtless con sidered as improvements by Mr. Fits Gibbon and Mr. Thwaites, but everyone has .not the same unswerving . confidence as those gentlemen themselves in their kinglike faculty of being able to do no wrong. Foe the pnblic satisfaction, it might be desirable to obtain an authoritative expression of opinion from Mr. Mansergh himself on the remodelling of his proposals. It is quite possible that the modifications suggested may be in thedirection of economy without impairing efficiency, and if so it is highly advisable that the changes should be .carried through. On the other hand, it is wise to remember that a mistake in the inception of the scheme may involve consequences not easily remedied hereafter, and it is not too much to ask that our original adviser should be heard before the final determination is come to. On the material of contraction to be used in the sewers, Mr. Mansergh is indifferent between the rival claims of concrete and brick, and on the abandonment of one sewage farm if the area of the other is enlarged he is willing to agree to later developments. The re auction of the sire of the sewers is, however, regarded in a different light. Mr. Thwaites has powerful arguments to adduce in support of his proposal, bat a greater assurance of safety would be given if somo higher expert authority than the chairman of the board or any of its members were ob tained. ' The resnlts of the census are becoming known piecemeal, as the industry of the Statist's department renders fresh information available for issue. The tables bearing on the denomi national divisions of Victorians show that the sneer of the Frenchman, that the English are a people of 20 religions and one sauce, is not with out local application. The census papers often afford opportunity for unconscious and also for forced humor, and from the nomenclature of some of the denominational distinctions it is evident that both causes have been at work. "When a man declares that his religion is a "go as you please," or that he is a worshipper of £ s. d., we know that he is striring to be funny, and all unconsciously adopting the exam ple of Dogberry in setting down his own charac ter. Those who describe themselves as Cali- thnmpians, mysterious word, as Egoists, Nihilists, Atheists, Sceptics and Heathens are probably thriUed by a sense of their own superior courage and mental energy, while the "Servants of Gird," the "Believers" and others of assured faith, as indicated by their names, can "see their titles clear to mansions in the skies," We may dismiss the faddists however from amnsed consideration to turn to the denomina tions of a larger growth. The Church of England stands foremost, numbering more than one-third of the total population of the colony. The Roman Catholics . come, next order, 22 per cent, as against 3Z,jper cent., and, then follow Presbyterians and Wesleyaas, eacb. between 14- and 15 per cent From thence down wards with a rapidly diminishing proportion, we come to Baptists, Independents and the innumerable army of sects. . The Jews are re turned as under 7(XX), about the same nnmber as the Pagans, of whom the Chinese form the largest contingent The Anglicans, the Metho dists and the Baptists have maintained a steady rate of progress since 1871 in their percentage to the population, but the Presbyterians and Boman Catholics have, on this standard, faUen away. The decision of the. Full Court in tho insur ance case, which has for a long time occupied legal attention, affords an excellent illustration of the ingenuity by which it is sought to bring about a fusion of law and equity. On the merits of the case there will be many who will agree with the view of the jury that Mrs. Bailantyae was entitled to recover the insurance of £2500 on the life of her husband. An iusaue man would not be held guilty for taking the life of another, and it may reasonably be contended that a similar immunity should apply in his own case in order to avoid a penalty arising from his irresponsible not attaching: to his relatives. The jurors- plain, honest men— arrived at this - conclusion, leaving lo others the task' of reconciling what they believed to be right witli the more rigid ietcrpretation of the law. Their confidence in this respect has not been misplaced. "When an insurer accepts a provision that he shall not die by his own act during a period of two years, and hoots himself within a month from the issue of the polioy, . it is not easy to discover how the penalty, "of forfeiture can - be avoided. The Jury saw their way out of the difficulty by boldly declaring that Ballantyne did not die by his own act, inasmuch as he was so insane as not to know that firing the gun into his own head would kill him. The Full Court, with Mr. Justice Moles worth dissenting, has declared that this interpretation of his actions is not so far fetched . as to upset the verdict. Much wealth of metaphysical argument was displayed in the endeavor to educe the meaning of on net and to justify the finding of. the jnry, but surely the clear distinction to be. drawn is one of responsibility.: The. .-insanity, is' the salient point, and not whether; the insane' suicide know or did not know the fatal consequences of his irresponsible act. Nor would such rendering, press unfairly on the company. The inteniiou ( the provision is evidently to ensure protec- tion against fraud, and to prevent a man insuring his . life with the purpose in view of killing himself; Insanity ending hi suicide is an aceideut of existence of which the company may fairly be supposed to take the risk; Pasioralists in New South "Wales are begin ning to tend a more attentive car to the warn ings of disaster which are predicted from a con tinuance of the increase of sheep beyond .the carrying capacity of the country. At the present time the number of sheep in the colony is approximately estimated at 63, 033, DM, and it is declared by Mr. Fetherstonhaugh, who has taken an active interest in the sub ject, that this number ought to be very largely reduced. To avoid the danger of appalling loss in the event of drought, not only should the annual increase be . got rid of, bat the permanent total onght to he materially lessened by at least 5,083, CM sheep. The ex periences of previous droughts are recalled with Cassandra-like emphasis. In 1377 - there were 8,033,033 sheep lost, and in 1533-64 over 11,033,033, though in both cases the total number was infinitely below the present basis. In those years also, bad as things were, it was possible to fall back partly on Queens land pastures. Now that refuge is closed, and in New South Wales the rabbits and pine scrub are year by year reducing largely the carry ing capabilities of the colony. The moral drawn from these facts is that the number of sheep mast be lessened, partially by a limitation of breeding, and to a greater extent by providing for an increased export of meat. The ordinary annnal consumption in New Sonth Wales is pat at 3,500,033, and the export to the other colonics and to London at somewhat below that figure. The export abroad is capable of being increased, even though with climatic disadvantages compe tition with New Zealand will be carried on upon unequal terms. But export eren at a loss will be considered a . gain if the annual increase of the flocks can be dis posed ot The proposal is made that a farthing per lb. subsidy shall be granted to the meat export companies, the money to be raised by the impo- ; sition of n halfpenny per sheep on all owners of over 500. By thi3 means it is contended that the damages from drought may bo averted, and that the poorer classes in Great Britain will be sup plied with cheap meat, whilst the colonial con sumer need hare no fear of the local price being raised orer three halfpence per lb; to the owner. The new postal regulations in Queensland appear to hare given unqualified dissatisfaction, as changes accompanied by increase of taxation usually do. As newspapers are especially con cerned the pnblic disgnEt is giren voice, and the Postmaster-General is likely to become the bast- abused man in the community unless he can find some means to lessen the pressure. Hither to, as is frankly acknowledged, newspaper enter prise in the northern colony has been created and carried on by means of free postage. The post office has occupied the place of general pub lisher, and every facility has also been afforded for conveying papers to country agents and sub scribers by raiL Under the Amending Act passed last session a wondrous change has been effected. Tho gift of free carriage has been withdrawn, and newspaper proprietors or subscribers will have to contribute to the revenue. The halfpenny "internal charge on newspapers will not appear to Victorians accus tomed to the rate to be an extremely onerous burden, but in Brisbane it is regarded as an imposition almost equivalent to confiscation. Official red tapeism, however, is dreaded as an eren worse evil than the abolition of free postage. On' the plea that the obliteration of stamps can only be carried on" with safety in the Post Office, it has' been decided that in future no newspapers shall be despatched by train unless in the form of agents' parcels. As the lowest charge under such circumstance is 2d., the practice of sending single papers for delivery by the railway guards will be summarily squelched. The fear is ex pressed also that the delay caused by insisting on papers being sent through the post office will . he productive of rninous inconve nience and loss. Papers will have to go to press earlier then before, and the metropolitan dailies will suffer by the shortening of the time allowed for (he reproduction of their cable mes sages. It ought to be possible, with the exer cise of a little consideration, to overcome some of these difficulties, and, no doubt, when the system gets into working order, many of the evils will be found to have been undoly magni fied. A new collar is always sore on the neck, especially when the encumbrance has not here tofore been felt. The closing of the session in South Australia happily brings to a termination proceedings which were calculated to bring Parliamentary institutions into contempt. A weak Govern ment almost necessarily involves a disorderly Legislature, and Mr. Flay ford, whatever the scope of his abilities nnder more favorable cir cumstances, has not proved liimself strong enough to control the unruly elements of a dis organised chamber. The Ministry did not show themselves capable of doing anything more than hang like limpets on to their' official positions, and the Opposition, unable to evict, maintained a continuously harassing warfare which was a fatal hindrance to the discharge of public busi ness, and which encouraged a temper lowering to the reputation of the House. Four times were the Gorernment assailed by want of confidence motions, and these tactics were continued until the closing days .of the session. Political gratitude may be said with out a sneer to consist of a lively sense of favors to come, and the Ministry, by playing on this feeling and dangling the anticipation of office before the crew of greedy aspirants, managed to retain their places at the sacrifice of their self respect The record of the session's work is noticeable more for quantity than for quality. The nnm ber of bills passed was greater than usual, hut nearly all the measures embodying the Minis terial policy announced In the opening speech were abandeued or rejected. The abolition of school fees i3 the only distinguishing mark of the session. An inSoitude of time was wasted in puerile prattle, and in foolish discussions raised by "faddists," a class especially promi nent in the South Australian Legislature. A more glaring fault was the fre quency of unseemly scenes, . which the Speaker invariably refrained from repressing with a firm hand. The Adelaide papers do not hesitate to assert that the potency of the liquors in the Parliamentary refreshment room3 is accountable for no small , part of the disorder within the chamber. . Whilst the House was engaged in amending Ibe Licensed Victuallers bill it might hare been well to bring some of the restrictions nearer heme. The- battle of the brakes by a prcces3 of exhaustion has been brought down to the sur- Tiral of the fittest; The continuous form is the only method which is recognised as com plying with ibe conditions essential to effective application. In Australia the Westiaghonse ha3 come into almost nnirersal adoption, and this is one of the two varieties generally in use in Great' Britain. The process of introduction has been slow on the English line3 where ' nntil recently the companies as private undertakings were free to follow their: own course within the limits of the official regulations, but as a recent return shows a rapid advance towards uniformity has been made since power was conferred on the Board of Trade of enforcing its recommendations. The continuous brake in its must approved form, ofwhich there are practically only twovarieties, i3 now appHed to So percent, of the ychiclesrunning on passenger trains. Six years ago le3s than half the passenger carriages possessed the approved brake, so that a rapid advance has been accomplished within a comparatively brief period. The imperfect style of break is being gradually eliminated, and in a very time little only' those will remain which comply with the requirements of the Board of Trade. Changes of this kind cannot l>e effected without con siderable expense, but the advantages of obtaining a controlling power are so obrioos that the cost is regarded as a necessity, especially on lines of large traffic and high speed. Recent accidents have shown that the instant application of au effective brake may reduce what might be a colossal disaster to one of comparative insignificance. An example is quoted in the report of an instance where a driver pulled up within half a yard of a party of children who would inevitably have been rnn over had the brake' been other than one of the best. "With the increase of speed, the possi bilities of which have beeu indicated by the experimental run3 on the American lines at rates exceeding the accepted maximum of a mile a minute, the importance of brake power will become still more apparent. The brake may not alway3 prevent accident, but at any rate it tends towards diminishing the risks of railway travelling. 