THE TRAGEDY AT HAUNTED STREAM. . The investigation of the cucnmstance of the death of -John Cohen at Stirling, or Haunted Stream, on tbe 5th lost, has been a difficult one, and Detective-Sergeant Considine, who has had charge of it, has returned to Melbourne without 'a prisoner, though the death was undoubtedly due to foal play of a more than usually terrible character. His inquiries hare not been frail, less.. On tbe contrary, he has obtained much evidence of an important character which may have a grave bearing upon the developments of the details of the tragedy. But at present there is nothing tangible, and though there i a good prcspect of the mystery being cleared up ibere is also a chance that Haunted Stream, which owes— or rather owed, for its name bas been changed to Stirling — its name to an unavenged crime, will be noted in the calendar as tbe scene of a second which has baffled the intelligence of tbe police. The nature of Detective Cunsidine's evidence cannot yet be revealed, because it is incomplete, and disclosure at this juncture would be extremely unwise, bnt the broad de tails of the scene of the crime are available. Haunted Stream, now dignified by the name of Stirling, is a collection of a handful of weather board and corrugated houses and hots situated on tLe Haunted Stream Creek. It u 42 miles beyond Batrnsdale, aod is approached with difficulty. Once a thriving quartz-mining locality, but now a s'eepy digger's hollow, it boasts a population of 22 souls ail told, and a history rich in tradi tions, such a are comnj'uu to all mining town ships. The best authenticated of these tradi tions, and one which holds first place in the estimation of the " people of Stirling" because it named the Haunted Stream, is that concerning the death of " Ballarat Harry." He wa; known by no other name, and in the early days he was a prominent character in the shitting population of the locality- He finally disappeared between tbe diggings and Oraeo, and bis mate, who had accompanied him in his prorpecting excursions, returned alone. The mate, now long since dead, was In possession of Ballarat Harry's watch and chaio, some of his clothes, and in addition an unusually large amount, of money. ;He ex plained that he bad won them from "Harry" at cards, and that when." Harry " found he was financially crashed be .severed the partnership and started off on his own .account. What became of him has never been I learned. The mate was arrested and charged with bis murder, but as the body could not be » found the charge was abandoned. . When the Tichhorne case w#s engaging attention "Bjllarat Harry" was commonly.: credited in that district with being the "Real Sir Roger," and up and down tbe little creek mysterious noises were beard at night; and ghostly apparitions yere said to bavq been seen by lonely, diggers till the creek gaiqed the reputation of being haunted by tbe ghost of Sir Roger -Tichhorne, otherwise ..".-Ballarat Harry."' Here, where quartz reefing- was atone time successfully followed, and where ;a me chanics' institute still stands to mark the pros perous past, John Cohen established a general grocery store. Five years ago he sold it to a man named David Tait, and came to Melbourne to carry on the business of a produce merchant in Sydney-Road, Brunswick,' but two years' or, 'so later he returned and acqutrta a share In the store. He . and Tait continued partners up to the last, and while Tait followed the pursuit of mining Cohen managed tbe store. The body of Cohen was found 40ft away, and it bore many injuries, which must have caused instantaneous death. The building was totally, wrecked, and Cohen's body must have been- blown through the 'roof and have- fallen where > it was found. The preliminary investigation made by the local police revealed that the explosion was due to dynamite placed under the floor of tbe building, immediately beneath Cohen's bed. and though this fact 'of itself ' was almost sufficient to have demonstrated that the case was one of murder; the jury, by direction at the inquest, returned an open verdict. Later Detective Considirie' found 'unmistakable. evidence that the dynamite had been ignited by fuse reaching from the dynamite- tov; a point in the blind pas- sage-way between the ; building and the empty butcher's shop, 24ft away. ; There were marks of 'candle grease there, aud a portion of the; fuse — the snuff" end— as well... It has been found by' experiment that the fuse would take 6even and a half minutes to burn that length, so that: after the dynamite, had been placed under the floor — a feat easily 'accomplished, because the building wm, raised on piles — and the train of fuse laid and | ignited, the murderer (premising that it was a murder) bad seven minutes and a half to make his escape. .Even if he had to pass the " township " the time was ample, because 150 yards would more than cover the ground between Burt's on the east and Edward Cohen's on" the west. Oue thing mure, and that of im portance, was learned by an examination of the stock at the store. From a stable at tbo rear, where the explosives were kept, a package of dynamite,, olb in weight, was found to be miss- ing'; and. from the store itself, a coil of fuse 24ft in longth had disappeared. Cohen was certainly not. mad, and al evidence, therefore, points clearly to some dark and, as no money has been missed, to some apparently motiveless crime.— 'Argus.'' . ,;i ...i; - 