Spoffcing Topics. Sxoohd payments in the Caulfield Oup are due on Tuesday next, the 23rd inst., at the office of the Y.A.T.C., before 4 pm. Ab 'showing the growing importance of tbe v.A.t.u., almost u znuon interest seems to be centred in the coming election of the committee as was manifested in the election of the V.B.C. committee. Messrs. George Davis, MX.O., A. Miller, Norman Wilson, and J. h, Purves retire by effluxion of timo, and will, in all probability, re-offer them- self for election. As Mr. Archie Yuille hag resigned, a fifth member has to be elected, and for this several gentlemen's names are used as probable candidates, Messrs. J. B. ! Cowcll and James Grice having already been ' nominated, whilst Mr. W. Short and Mr. Alan Selmsn sic also mentioned as likely candi dates. The election will take place on the 20th inst. Tbe first race will start at half.past one o'clock on Saturday next, at Caulfield, when the Victorian Club meeting will take place. When toe Y.R.C. meet for their next meeting on the 29th inst. they will have a few matters of special interest to deal with. The Legacy-Minnie business will be before them, as the committee have instructed Mr. A. H. Cox, tbe Moonee Valley secretary, to supply them with a full verbatim report of the evidence given before the stewards of the late Mooncc Valley meeting. The dis qualification by the Epsom stewards for two years of the pony Pretender will be appealed against, and generally tbe new committee seem to have plenty of work on tbeir hands. To-day will decide who takes the Place Prize of £60 offered by Mr. J. B. Croobe, of Aspendale Park, to tbe trainer whose horses succeed in gaining a place the greatest num ber of times between tbe months of Febru- ary and August. Mr. John Hayes is only half a point ahead of Mr. L T. Carslake. It was bad luck for J. Barbour that he was so badly -hurt when Fatback fell with him in the Wyndh&m; Steeplechase. The old gelding broke bis back, and Barbour was walking with the assistance of a crutch on Saturday, instead of having the mount on Tim Swiveller in the VJLT.C. Grand National Hurdle Bace. Yesterday Mr. A. J. Sc&rr; issued tbe handicaps for the County Purse and the Bawkesbury Grand Handicap, to be ran on tbe 1st and 3rd of ncxth month. Tridcntine heads the list in both, she having 9s t Sib in the lormer event, and 51b less in the latter race. Ok enquiry at the Melbourne Hospital last evening we ascertained that George Robson, tbe well-known jockey, who was knocked down in Bourke-strect by a tram on Satur day night, is on the improve. Cameron, who was injured at Wyndham, left that institution yesterday, and Jones, who also fell in the same event, the Selling Hurdle Race, is get ting round all right, but he will be unable to leave for a few days. Oca Adelaide correspondent, wiring yesterday, states that about 5000 persons were present at the A.R.C. races on Satur day. The weather was 6unny, bnt the course was heavy. A sum of £5300 passed through the totalisator. Bravo (late Mur- ton), by Buckthorpe — Lalla Rookb, who won the Welter Handicap, and paid a dividend of £75 10s., is not likely to get the stake, as his change of name waB not registered with the jockey club, Leroy was well backed for the Hurdle Race by the south-eastern party, who had a good win on the son of Sussex. Tbe Fulham Park Plate winner, The Gardener, who is by Gang Forward— Artichoke, is a fine-looking colt, and was bought for forty-five guineas at the March sales. Port Admiral won the Eintore Handicap easily. Yesterday Messrs. Campbelland Sons held held, in conjunction with Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co., a sale ot racehorses in training, with the following results : — Tayforth, by Katator , —Pastille, Mr. J. Adams, 70 guineas ; Jack6 tbe Lad, by Katator — Kneecap's dam, Mr. Nathan, 80 guineas; Whitcraan, by Katator, Mr. C onoUft 45 guineas; Wyvern, by Boolka — Ridicule, Mr. JoBCph King, 17$ guineas. We are in receipt of news from a private source that Mr. John C. Roberts, tbe cham pion billiardist, will arrive in Melbourne in about a month's time. The object of the champion's visit on this occasion is not to play exhibition matches, but to protect one of his patents, which, he states, has been infringed in the Australian colonies. Saxdowk Pare entries should satisfy Mr. H&ydon;, for, after the plethora of racing which culminated with the Caulfield Grand National meeting, owners still roll up to the fray. The August Handicap has 21 nomina tors ; the Hurdle Bace has 24 entries; the Welter Handicap has 17 ; the Steeplechase has ten engaged, while seven speedy ones are in the Selling Bace, and the Sandown Park Handicap has no less than 2S engaged. So on Saturday week, there should be a rare gathering. A race meeting was held on the Oakleigh course yesterday, when a mixed programme for ponies and horses was successfully run off, though, the starting in several of the events was faulty. Tbe weather was fine, and the attendance large. Some good finishes took place, and in tbe Handicap for horses a dead beat occurred, but Pollio won easily is the run-off. Soue short time ago a sporting print publisheda paragraph which Walter Hicken- both&m;, the Flemington trainer, thinks exceedingly nnfair, as the imputation con veyed was that this well-known trainer was unable to prepare aoy other winner than Carbine, which home the paragraph seemed to aver could be trained by anyone. As a direct reputation Hickenbotham has drawn out a full list of his performances since he started as trainer just 21 years ago when he acted privately in that capacity for Mr. C. M. Lloyd, and tbis statement shows that he has trained exactly 175 winners, annexing in stakes the sum of £3C,000, besides 13 caps. For Mr. Lloyd he trained 81 winners, as private trainer to the Hon. D. 6. Wallace 15, and since he became a public trainer he has prepared seventy-nine victors, viz., 51 for Mr. Wallace and 26 for other ownera. Surely no better testimony to a man's ability can be given than these figures, all of which can be verified. "What will become of Redleap now?" is a pretty general question, for considering he has won with 18st 121b up, there seems no earthly chance of his having another show over sticks in this oonntry. In another, however, he may yet, and St is possible that the son of Dante may figure next March over the Grand National country at Aintree. The Messrs. Miller have a plan of the Aintree country, and in all probability they will lay out a course on the same plan for the purpose of initiating Redleap into the different class of jumps to be negotiated over the original Grand National country. If he should be aent to England for the event then our champion will carry loads of Australian money against the cream of cross country horses in the old country, no matter what weight may be apportioned him. Once Redleap's name had disappeared from the list of the Grand National candi dates, nearly all the ponters supported Tim Swiveller, although Islander, Buttons, Fire King, H&ril;&h;, and Lyndhurst had plenty of friends. And how did the favorite win? Bis jockey simply allowed tbe other horses to exhaust themselves, and then, letting out the son of Burlesque, the Gippslander drew away, and won by a dozen lengths without ever really being extended. Odds werelaid on Yarmon for the Selling Bace, but he' was never prominent, as bis recent performances seemed to warrant, considering he had only 7st 51b in the saddle. The St. Albans filly, Thought, never allowed anything else the ghost of a chance, as she led all the way and won in a canter, being afterwards sold to Mr. Sam Griffiths, who secured a remarkably cheap purchase in the Mater to The Lawyer for £180. < Tnc Grand National meeting at Caulfield, on Saturday last, eventuated in splendid weather, and so great was tbe interest in the programme, that even the counter at tractions of first-class football matches failed to militate, much against the attendance, which included an influential party from Government House. The Sapling Stakes, which opened the programme, saw nearly a score of aristocrat! colly-bred youngsters at the poet, and they were wonderfully well behaved. The Geelong heroine, Meg, was a very strong favorite, and never gavq. bookers the slightest uneasiness, as she won very cleverly and easily from Zeph and BBltio, with Nada next, and thus three of the four repeated their Geelong performances. IimsDUTELx the Selling Bace was over backers turned their attention at Caulfield last Saturday afternoon to the candidates for the four miles Grand National Steeple chase for which the favorite was the wonder ful Redleap, notwithstanding that he wrb in flicted with tbe lumper of lSst 121b. At 6 to 4 ho opened, and throughout remained at the same figure, whilst 8 to 1 was taken about Freeman, and 0 to 1 about Beggar Boy, but double figures were easily obtainable for anything else in the field,' which was composed of ten runners. Redleap did not flatter his backers too highly over (ho firat jump, as Mr. Cox hod to straighten him a bit, and then he only once afterwards mode the slightest error, when he pecked a hit at the second of the treble on the middle occasion be bod to negotiate these jomps. He was never farther away than fourth, although he had Phantom, Schoolboy, and Boulevard all tackling him at different times. He jumped over everything, and when he and Boulevard cleared out from the field, five furlongs from home, the excitement was very great, as with an acknowledged good one like Boulevard in receipt of 42lb fighting out every yard, it was considered the champion had a great task set him. But he was equal to it, for, although he was led into the straight, directly Mr. Cox asked him the question he cleared -away, and won by four leogths. The enthusiasm was very great when the pair returned to scale, and after Mr. Cox bad acknowledged the plaadite,a cheer went up for Mr. Godfrey Watson, who had fought so hard for victory on Boulevard, and when the "all right" had been given, cheers once again rent the air, for the greatest steeplechaser of modern times had won a fourth Grand National, and, too, the last one over four miles of country, and he had topped no less than thirty-two fences with 13st 121b on his back. Testebday evening our Sydney corres- Sondent wired as follows : — An inquiry was eld to-day into the running of Pippin at Rosehill, with the result that the committee saw no reason to interfere. TaltersaU's Club entries closed to-day with 170 nomina tions for the five events. The general entries for the A.J.C. Spring > meeting were made yesterday and will be fonnd in another colamn. Tbey are quite equal to any yet made with tbe club pre sided over by Mr. T. S. Clibborn. The Victorian owners and trainers have freely nominated for all the events. It is with the deepest regret that we have to announce to onr readers the death of Mr. i Ambrose Chalk, of Carisbrook, and one of tbe oldest residents in that locality. A straightforward, honest man who, while really fond of racing, and always breeding and owning a few horses, never made a bet, be was liked by all who knew him. From his earliest youth lie had a liking for racing, and Carisbrook was one of the first he owned. He bred from her and other Warhawk mares, and with All- brook, Roscbrook, Doubtful Jack, and others scored a good many up- country victories; and with Murmur, a daughter of St. Albans and Seaspray, Robert Howie scored several wins for him. In mining circles be was well known as the owner of Chalk's Freehold. A quiet, unpretending, aud careful man, he made many friends both in racing and coursing circles, for he was also a lover of the leash. There was a very fair attendance at the Wyndham races on Thursday last. The feature of the meeting was tbe dual victory of Walter Hickenbolbara's colt Comedian. This is the third occasion on which the same trainer has proved successful in carrying off a double. Once be did it with Coronation, and a second time with Fishwife. Comedian did not win the Winter Handicap until the dead heat he ran with Leyland was ran off. The rider of tbe latter entered a protest on the ground that his mount had been run off the course, but it was dismissed. In the 8elting Hurdle Race, won by CroBsrail, Vengeance II. and Oudemia fell, Cameron, (be rider of the former, being so badly hart that his removal to tbe Meiboaroe Hospital was Tendered necessary, as it was in the case of Jones, who rode Bands Down in the same race. Concussion of the brain both jockeys were fonnd to be suffering from on examina tion at that institution. The Sydney horse, Tbe Swell, washeavily supported for the Balaclava Stakes at Caul field last Saturday, but was never really prominent, and the winner turned up in the little thought of Graduate, who won comfort ably from Villiers by a couple of lengths, the N.Z. mare, Lady Zetland, being third. About the Epsom racecourse there would appear to be 6ome sort of a spell, for, as regards the weather on nice days, the execu tive has the worst of luck. Tuesday morn ing was as fine a one as could have been wished for— so fine that many weather prophets left their waterproofs and 7e lid ginghams at home. Before the last special train left Flinders-street rain began to fall, and it continued with but slight intermis sion daring the afternoon until the racing was concluded. Mercury, a son of Mozart, won the Maiden Plate oleverly from Salopian, who was a very strong order. Mikado IL. after many tries, or rather starts, succeeded in getting home first in the Hnrdle Race, for which Elfie was a warm favorite. Ad vance, after crashing through tbe first obstacle, managed to fpin the 10 sovs for second honors from Elfie. Ilium won the Epsom Handicap cleverly from Town Talk, Rapid Fire, and eleven others, Yarmon being one of them, and a hot favorite. Owing to the "holding" nature of the groond, Care scored an easy victory in the Imperial Handicap, Parlett being an onwilling second, with Lucius third. Op to Tuesday Pre tender has had a sort of a charmed life, but tbe spell is now broken, for his performance did not please tbe gentlemen in power, so he and his nominator, B. Bodgers, were dis qualified for two years ; whilst Cogblan, the jockey, was ordered to stand down for six months. An appeal to the V.R.C. has been lodged. Nell Cook, after a good race, won tbe selling event from Rosalind and Jean, and on being submitted to auction by Mr. Archie Yuille was bought in at 55 sovs. The Hunters' Steeplechase at Epsom on Tuesday will be long remembered by race goers on account of one or two incidents which cropped up therein. The riding of Mr. Barney Allen, and the fact of his finish ing without accident, was the subject of much amazement ; and the downfall of Mr. W. 6- Cox, jun., on the favorite, Zuleika, was a sad blow to backers. Cornet, ridden by Mr. F. D. Brewer, came down at the same obstacle, but he regained his scat on the horse rising, and was speedily in hot pursuit of Black Doctor, who was carrying bis oppo nents along at a good strong pace, but, nevertheless, giving Mr. R. H. Jfrew anything but a comfortable ride. At the second last fence Black Doctor began to bong out of distress, and Comet drew away from him at the lost obstacle, and, coming on, won cleverly from Laertes, who once or twice was all but down, but was cleverly recovered by Mr. Godfrey Watson. Rapid Bay was a fair third, with Black Doctor next. An amusing struggle between Cock Robin and The Poet np the straight ended in the former passing the post first, with Jubilee, a long way in the rear, last. On returning to scale Mr. F. D. Brewer was greeted with loud cheering for bis plncky and meritorious performance. Tfes table of tbe winning sires of the post season , has been published by the" Australasian, 4md to a certain section of racing men is an important tnrf item. Tho defunct Ghester heads the list, his stock having won no less than £13,391; bot Nerdenfeldt is not far behind Eirkham's glory with £12,019 to his credit. Third on the list is Marvellous, whoee produce won no fewer than CI races, worth altogether £11,139. Malua (£10,507) owes his promi nence almost solely to Malvolio'a triumph in the Melbourne Cup. Newminster (£9564) has done well, and Grandmaster and Robin- eon Crusoe are in close oompany with £8647 MorphrttviU. stud, and lthe AJ.bws (£5671 ooenpiee a creditable in the list. She produce of nnH«k. Bichmond, Somnnsi and Qmnd VI n !!! ' has credited cmdudri with Splendor (£8810) . Jias ntffi pUee. The eire represented byibe w/ number ol mnnertrree The Adrian s ,' his produce having won 72 racee vieldil Siin of £8703; Bunrise, 3 e email chances he has had ha !Tng SSlUy WU' b6ine credite'd Agahut lorfidVSXS- ndicep „n Batordfty.a proie ttZ L4i& hefore weiehiDs bm I; istnT&rjhJtlh; mine, which cad event look place oil t£ dsy evening hist. Mr. Wel£. "ho v-dK in Coleraine lor over 20 veers w.s n known to residents in Hamilton 'he I "c been for sometime secretary of 'the ! ! A. Society, end a lc.ding7portaman h/ d Mease will be very miich regretted hx all who knew him, and much sympatic expressed for his widow. is Dexter, by A time the proper! has returned to , he ran with indif . The manager c Mr. C. L. M'Don the first mare to dropped a filly fc ef fect 9 mches. After the owners had agreed to divide the prize money, Sponfolix cleared that height. Last year, at the floyat Agricultural Show at Flemington, SpondoUx eleared 6 feet 9 inches in the BighJummn" Contest. i The Soath Australian Racing Calendar for August contains a couple of notices to jockeys which are so useful that v.c nre sur- prised the more pretentious public AWmb W V.B.C. Calendar , has not adopts measures. The first notice is to riders who, having ridden winners under the S.AJ.c! rules, must apply for licenses forthwith to toe S.A.J.C. committee. Tbis list con tains the names of the following Victorian . jockeys:— F.Wise, J. Amrin, P. Fallon, T. Hales, P. M'Gowan, A. Griffiths, and H. Cnpps. The second notice gives the names of thirty-nine jockeys who have ridden at unregistered meetings, and notice is given that they need not apply to the S.A.J.C for licenses, as such will not be granted them. Faou Mr. Harry Ellison, of Auckland, we have received a copy of Vol. I. of the New Zealand Centaur," a pamphlet on sinalar lines to Miller's and " Centaur's Index"' pub lished in this city. The little work, be sides a mass of other information, ei\cs tbe whole of the performances of the horses engaged in the New Zealand Cup. A s the price is only one shilting.it should And a ready sale. No less than 873 jockeys are licensed by the Y.R.O. committee, according to (he last Calendar. We should tike to know how many of these make their livelihood in the pig skin, for, if they all can, then the question, " What shall we do with our boys ?" is solved without trouble. Ot . . ' list, how- over, only 188 are registered . their subscription of £1 pei benefits of the Di6tresser Jockeys' Fund. "Coiqion Sense," othen . Steel, notifies in his adver front page that he sent Swiveller and Redleap i . Saturday, and announces h saltations. Fob the Oakleigh Racing < \- « . ' Wednesday the weather wo. ' have been desired. Tbe it quite up to the average, and -j class. Calliope defeated thir ; , the Hurdle. Race, for which V. strong favorite, but he spoilt striking the second last t<h' . , Three of thf runners came : . . of the riders were injured, the 12.3 and 13 hands S> - nose, and was, on being sub - by Mr. J. W. Scott, bough great finish between Poll Grandee resulted in the for hot favorite, gaining the '< head, and Grandee, who finish, just defeated Eildare by bait a bead. Molly won the 1S.1 and 18.2 hands Handicap cleverly from Fancy, Yieux Rose, and Dine others. To a bad start Bhody was first away, and Stareyes, upon whom odds of 6 to 4 were laid, conld never .quite reach that light of other days, and she suffered defeat by a long neck. The 12.0 and 12.1 hands Handicap was declared no race after Demon, Alice, aud M'Einnon had passed the post in tbe order named. Mr. George Sharpe, tbe starter, stated that, when the field wont away to a false start, he cried out "No," but tbe majority of the boys mistook it for " Go." Mr. J. L.Beilly then took the flag for the first time, and he succeeded in sending the lot away on equal terms, and, strange to say, Demon again won, being followed home by Alice and Willie Reilly. Tbe lime in both instances was exactly the same. At the l&st; meeting of the committee of the Sale Tnrf Club (Mr. W. H. C. Thomson in the choir) it was stated that the profit over the Winter races was £20. On Wednesday last the trustees of (be Williamstown racecourse waited on tbe Minister of Lands to protest against (heir removal by tbe local council and i fie ap pointment of councillors in their stead, ft was pointed out that the old trustees bad incurred liabilities which the new trustees would not take over. The Williamstown council had taken action under the clause in serted in the Local Government Act Amend ment Act 1891, and the point was whether the corporation was justified in doing so, as the course was not in WiUismstowu terri tory. Alter bearing lengthy arguments, Mr. M'Lesn said that, as some legal points were involved, he would take timo rr,t1c"1or them, and give his views thereor possible. ___ A clearing sale of the thorou at the Bundoora Stud Farm was £ nesday last by Messrs. W- C. Yu under instructions from Mr. W-J of Sydney. Altogether X6G lotr logoed, and for some of the mar prices were realised. At the last meeting of the Brighton Borough Council a letter was received from the Board of Laud and Works, iu reply to one from the council, stating that there a strong objection on the part of (he resi dents to ihe leasing of Elsternwick Park 5 a training track, and therefore tbe applica tion should not be entertained. Councillor Hamilton moved— "That the Board i te asked to forward particulars , of the objec tion, together with tbe names of (he objec tors." Councillor Gair seconded the resolu tion. It seemed as if the council could le nothing with their own property. J 11 " Mayor (Councillor Bent) snggested (hat s poll be taken to really ascertain the of the residents of Elsternwick. He was informed, and he believed correctly, inn fully five-sixths of the residents wore entirely in favor of the council's sogg®st,tl.r to lease the place as a training trw. was an eyesore at the present time. and u opposition was raised solely by one or re gentlemen. The motion was rot anu carried. Then —:i i. : a»ISlrei>l=- chK,ri won by i 1 er; Ahna, The Pair Hs' 9S' end tan- ) "j Tnd 42sec. second, one Magpie 