THE EDITORIAL MILL Parliament is dead— positively dead— and it rests with us now to dig a hole for its festering carcase. In the shape of the Government of course its spirit may still be said to linger, but ghosts are harmless things at the worst, and the most that even a political ghost can do is the moresb table rapping in comparison with the convulsive shocks which when in the flesh it imparted to the moral atmosphere around ic. xnere pruuauiy never wm w the history of parliamentary government a more demoralised and utterly corrupt assembly than that of which this week has seen, let us hope, the last In an age of radicalism it was doggedly reactionary; in an age of aspiration towards economic reform it deliberately set about laying fresh burdens on the shoulders of the poor ; in an age of vaunted honesty of public life it broke every rule of conduct that makes faith in human nature possible. And that of course is the more conspicuous in con TfrasTTto the robnrtiiemoeroey-of-tbe^'oung country whose — blood- it sucked, ? ^-It- seemed,' men said in France a hundred yam-afigo, 'as if at every striking vindica tion of the rigfitffof -humanity Ihe genius of 'cruelty broke its cliaiusf and, to prove the futility of all such vindications in spired new acts of barbarism and violence.' So think wise Queenslauders to-day. ? tt * * How well we remember the t)ust!o oJT the last general election. It was our political yesterday. Griffith with his programme of relentless opposition to the planters and syndicators seemed irithe eyes of ail rAxts tralia to be mounting the heavens of Liberal thought. The Labour question, as we understand it now, was then scarcely above the horizon and the out-going Pre mier had no deep knowledge of economic Bubjecfcs. That much was clear from his speeches— particularly from the faith he put in protection ; but it was equally clear that he had at all events a vivid conscious ness of the evils around him and an inde&n-; ^^y^o^^4-f^m^f fiontact^lth progrj^sive minds in other countries ot the possibility as well as the urgency of reform. Like a man alone on a mountain top he was the first to see sunrise. For a lawyer he was indeed wonderfully long-sighted, and that is what makeB it impossible to recognise anything but sham-blindness in his reoent foUy. When a man talks of party govern ment as a means of saving a country from stagnation ana then forms a singularly un holy alliance ; when a man knows enough to Bay that the great problem of the age is nob how to create wealth but how to secure its more equitable distribution, and then throws his entire influence on the side of monopoly ; when a man describes the aboli tion of black slavery as the retrieving of his country in the eyes of the world, and then fits out a fleet of labour schooners for the islands ; when a man says that he has no sympathy whatever with those who re gard Australia as a field for exploitation from which to derive an income to be ex pended elsewhere and then alienates vast tracts af the public lands in the interests of a ganer of capitalists of whom, though M'll wraith may bo the most rapacious, the majority hail from abroad ; and, finally, when a man urges it upon ub as a duty to UBe every effort to prevent the creation in this new land of such terrible inequalities of condition as are found in the older countries of the world and. then* with one hand beats tlie underpaid masses do\tfh 'in the price of their labour whilst with fche other he grasps £3500 a year for himself in the shape of a life-long billet that he pre sumably refused to take at its previous value of a thousand a year less, one can oifly stand 'bewildered and aghast at the threshold of so strange a nature. You are angry that'll w man linn beViayed you ; but you are humiliated that the furces under lying our common humanity pliould have made so base a betrayal possible. # * * Such is the man who to-day hardly -counts-m 44wH*»li*ical life of _fche_. i!rmntryj_ but who in 18SS stood in the position that M'llwraith will stand n few; months hence. The bloated cheeks of the \vfly syudicator were then suffused wibli iho warmth that comes ,of enthusiasm pumped up for an apparent objoot ana nn enthusiasm ohokod l down with difficulty jor an objO0t that it would never do % etituente. From the otherman's published words one instinctively turns with a sense of revulsion. They are obviously the words of a charlatan, a man waiting for his chance, and what is more, a man who knew bow to wait. Once upon his prey he will swallow it whole. Meanwhilepwth- - oat binding himself by_one single promise to progressive legislation, he manages to pervade his utterances with a sort of all round good fellowship that is in itself the invariable characteristic ot the quack. In tent upon working the ruin of labour he told how, when Premier ot ce before, the first thing he had done was to provide -relief works for the jinem ployed ; with his mind full of the most giraBtiy-sehemes of corruption be boasted jof braying, when Minister for Works, paid his own coach fare when going up for re-election to his constituents; with the fullest determination to break the workers on the wheel of Customs duties it waB the gravest charge he brought against his opponents that they had unnecessarily increased taxation ; with the utmost indifference to the Naval T,.;ii.ito Hill t\na VLrav r»n innfcVinr '.inH mllfcp. ready indeed to vote for it{a3 he ultimately did) whenever it should pay him to do so he made a virtue of strenuously opposing it ; with his mind set upon re-introducing kanaka slavery he first charged Griffith with having aggravated the evils of the frmffic.-ftQjLtb.jj'V when pushed into a corner, pledged his word that he would be no party to its re-introduction; with British syndicators waiting on hie very doorstep he talked some specious nonsense (which workers will not forget when their turn for taxing things begins) about the wisdom of first alienating and then taxing the land, and ultimately, when pressed again, came forward with a distinct promise that, as far as he was concerned, the country would never be in danger of land #r»b railways. This is the man whom Griffith denounced in terms of unsparing truthfulness and then entered into partner ship with. This is the adventurer whom the business men of Queensland despise as heartily as ever the workers do — the poli tician who would never have been in politics at all if he had found any other way of feathering his nest. Yet withal, the politician who will return to power at the head of another administration, unless the workers themselves are capable of per forming something hardly short of a miracle, * * * The half-dozen sessions of thefWinuw practically dead Parliament have of course simply reflected the moral tone of these men and its other members, and let it never be forgotten that the average mem ber of the Queensland Parliament ib ' on the make.' Sent there by all classes, he deliberatly proceeds to look after the class to which he belongs ; seat there to make laws for the good of the country, he spends his time in log-rolline: ; expected at the very least not to etand in the way of reform, especially euch reforms as are easy and natural, he hurls the country back with a terrible wrench half a century at least into the legislative past. What does he care for Labour questions? Of what interest to htm is it that the cities teem with unemployed whilst many a pad dock far the dummying of which he ought to be serving* a sentence of hard labour would settle scores of families in lifelong comfort? Can anybody place his finger on a single measure passed during the last five years that faaa been even moderately advantageous to the workers of the country. YeBTthere iaoneT-ThfrAct which ahnrtona the lives of parliaments to three years. And -on— further oonsiderationJt^think another— Hie Act by which payment of members is reduced to £150 a year. Beyond those have we had one measure, big or little that the mass of people can be reasonably expected to care about— one measure that will shed the faintest gleam of sunshine into --fcneir lives.? A mil to give workmen a lien on their wages was indeed brought forward, and session after session has seen it shelved as a thing of no oonaequgnce. — Gn-the other hand how much better bad a millstone been hung -„.,„* u. nanir anH fchn ciiilfcv Parliament cast into the midst of the sea than that it had passed many of the measures that actually have become law?- Useless for good, useful only for harm, its miserable life has At last pinched out; and it will remain for some future Parliamment re morselessly to undo almost everything that it has done. Workers, is that to be^ the duty-nf the next House ? E. R 