PEEPS INTO PAPERS AND BOOKS. THE HARVEST OP A READER'S GLEANINGS. NEVER did auy soul do good, bul it camc readier to do the same again, with more enjoymetit. Kevcr was lovo, or gratitnde, or bounty prdci'tscd but, with increasing joy, which made the practiser still morn in lovo with tho fair act.-Shaftesbury. If 13 who freely praises what ho menus tr purchase, j and ho wild enumerates tho faults of what ho means | to sell, may set up a partnership with tonwty. Lavatcr. Eifuous or TUB TELEGRAPH.-"It was tvo o'clock when I reached home," lie said. " Sly wife met mu at the door. I saw at once that sho WUB very angry. She handed me a, telegram and askGd freezingly: ' What is tho meaniny of this ? * I said: " Why, my dear, what's wrong? That is probably the message I scut you in the afternoon.' 'It is,' she answered, 'l'lease read it and explain.' I road it. To my astonishment it said: ' Shall dine with Kitty Smith, an old gal of mine, who has just returned from tha Continent. Will bo late. Don't wail for mo. 'I wouldn't wail for the beet man that ever lived,' said my wife, and she began to cry. ' I realised at onoo what had happened, and began to laugh. I couldn't help it. 'Why,' I eaid, 'this message has been botched. I wrote no luch stuff as that.' 'What did you write thenP' sho demanded, Then I told her that what I had really written was: ' Shall dino with Billy Smith, an old pal of mine, who has just returned from the Con tinent. Will be lite. Don't wait for me.' Those operatera had butchered it. I've got the original message. In view of the circumstances the manager of the telegraph office consented to lend it tc mo. My wife was pretty well satisfied, but I > wanted to convinco her absolutely. After this I shall I endeavour to write plainer, and I shall certainly j avoid the use of slang words."-A lynching was | nearly precipitated by tho error of a Kansas operator i some time ago. It was only averted by the dis covery that there was no one to lynch. A young farmer was called away from homo for a fewdajs. His wife went to visit her brothers in a town near by during his absence. The third day her husband telegraphed her: " Big ball, meet me at Wichita to night." There was to be a dance and he wanted his wife to attend, This was a splendid opportunity for the imp of mischief who causes telegraphic " bulls." He tampered with the message, so that when the farmer's wife read it, it said: "BigBillgotmeatWichita to-night." Her instant and very natural conclusion was that her husband had either been captured or shot, or both, by a desperado named "Big Bill." Her brothers agreed with her, and the whole family ~and a number of neighbours, all heavily armed, took the first train for Wichita to rescue the husband and liaug " Big Bill." The husband was waiting calmly at the station for his wife. The Vigilance Committee demanded " Big Bill," and were not at all satisfied with the husband for standing there free and unin J'ured. The brothers criticised hini severely because ie wasn't kidnapped, and announced that in their opinion ho had been guilty of rank deception. A fight was prevented by his wife's intervention and an explanation.-A gentleman in San Francisco learned that an estimable lady in Los Angeles had suddenly lost all her property and was in a condition of actual want. He telegraphed to a friend, a lawyer of Los Angeles: "Assist Mrs. immediately." The word "assist" was changed to "arrest," and the poor woman's misery was increased by a night in a prison cell. IT'S all very fine having a ready-made rich man, but mayhap he'll bo a ready- made fool; and it's no use filling your pocket full o' money if you've got a hole in the corner." It'll do you no good to sit in a spring cart o' your own, if you've got n soft to drivo you; lie'll soon turn you over into the ditch. I allays said I'd never marry a man as had got no brains; fQr whero's the use of a woman having brains of her own if she's tackled to a geek as eborybody'a arlaughing at? She might as well dress herself fine to sit back'ards on a donkey.-George Eliot. HINTS TO PREVENT WASTE.-When fuel and food have been procured, the next consideration is how the latter may be best preserved. Much waste is often occasioned by the want of judgment or of neces sary caro in this particular. When the atmosphere is cool, clcar, and dry, beef may be kept from fonr to ten days. Mutton will hang, under the same cir cumstances, for a fortnight or three weeks. Veal, lamb, and pork ought not to be kept more than a day or two, at the most. Game may be hung for two or three weeks; birds with the feathers on, or fowls, will keep for a week, turkeys for a fortnight; geeso not more than eight days. In very cold weather, meat and vegetables touched by the frost Ehould bo brought into the kitchen early in the morning, and soaked in cold water. PERFUMES PUKVEHT MotrtniKESS.-Mouldiness is occasioned by the growth of vegetation. Ink, paste, leather, and seeds most frequently suffer by it. A clove will preserve ink, and any essential oil answers the purpose as well. Leather may bo kept free from mould by the same substance. Thus Russian leather, which is perfumed with the tar of birch, never becomes mouldy; indeed, it prevents it from occur ring in other bodies. A fow drops of any essential oil will keep books entirely free from it. For harness oil of turpentine is recommended. By tho use of Bmall quantities of the oil of peppermint or cassia paste may bo preserved for years. A few drops of the oil may be added when the paste is made. Moisture must be excluded as much as possible, as the oils only prevent the effects of the mould. THE BISHOP'S GHOST.-A tale of the late Bishop Wilberforce. So many tales of him have been current, but I do not believe that this has ever before gone abroad. In early days he had a close friend, a i school chum, a college companion; but about the time young Wilberforce took orders these two had a bitter and hopeless falling out. They never got over the ? disunion, and fell utterly apart. The chum became ! an extensive landowner, and was master of a charms j ing house in the south of England. Time passed on, and he grew elderly. He thought of making his will, j Being a great man, not only his solicitor but .the j solicitor's son arrived on the scene for the event. All [ three gentlemen were in the library, a long room, j with many windows running down almost to the i ground. Suddenly the young man present saw a i gentleman go by the first of these windows. The | elder lawyer raised his head as the figure went by the | second opening. Last of all the master of the house | looked up. "Why, that is Wilberforce," he ex ! claimed. " How many years it is since we fell out, and I dared him ever again to seek me out." So saying, he ran to the hall door to welcome his guest, towards whom no bitter feeling now remained in his | mind. Strange to say, the Bishop was not at the . door, nor could he be found within the grounds. At j the moment of his appearance he had fallen from his i horse in this neighbourhood and had been instantly j killed.-The Argosy. | THE REAL SIMON LEOUEE.-Legree, the planter [ into whose hands Uncle Tom fell after the sudden death of Mr. St. Clare, had his counterpart on many Southern plantations. A brother of Mrs. Stowe's i was for a time collecting clerk to a large mercantile house in New Orleans, and there met a planter who served for tho character of Legree. Of him he ; wrote, after visiting his plantation, "He actually made me feel of his fist, which was like a black smith hammer or a nodule of iron, telling me that it wa3 ' calloused with knocking down J niggers.' When I left tho plantation I drew a | long^ breath, and felt as if I had escaped from an [ ogre's den." Among planters it was a disputed | point whether it was most paying to work "niggers " j to death or to prolong their lives by fairly humane i treatment. Legree was a type of those who believed j in taking the work out of niggers even if it killed them." In answer to the query as to how long slaves | would last, he replied: "Well, dunuo; eordin' as their constitution is. Stout feliers la3t six or seven years; trashy ones get worked up in two or three. I used to, when I fust begun, have considerable trouble fussin' with 'em and trying to make 'em hold out, dortorin' on 'em up when they's sick, and givin' on 'em clothes and blankets, and what not, and trying to keep 'era all sort o' decent nrrfl comfortable. ' Law, 'twasn t no sort of use: I lost, mouev on 'em, and 'twas heaps o' trouble. Now, you see, I just put 'em straight through, sick or well. When one nigger's dead I buy another; and I find it- comes cheaper and easier every way." Tho barbarous treatment of the slaves upon Legree's plantation is no overdrawn story of horror. It was a common thing upon the sugar plantations when grinding commenced for negros to work night and day for three months, with only short intervals for sleep. Also at the sugar- i rolling season the slaves in Louisiana worked for two or three moaths, both night and day, scarcely retiring to rest during the whole period. Tho tragical fate of Uncle Tom upon Legree's plantation has too many times had its parallel, which maijv , living witnesses have testified to Mrs. Stowe.-" Life of Harriet Bccchcr Slowc, Told for Bogs and Girls," i by Mrs. Sarah A. Tooley. -1 To die and know that when men think of you no i inspiration will arise, but only the memory of harsh- ! ness, or hatred, or falsehood, or pitilessness- that . makes death terrible. Be otherwise. Let your works follow you with inspiring power. Speak from the grave to comfort, kindle, redeem. NONE so little enjoy life and are such burdens to themselves as those who have nothing to do. The active only have the true relish of life. He who knows not what it is to labour, knows not what it is to enjoy. ^ Recreation is only valuablo as it unbends us. The idle know nothing of it. It is exertion that rendeis rest delightful and sleep sweet and undis turbed. The happiness of life depends on the regular prosecutiojx of some laudable purpose or calling which I tsgagHf, helps, and enlivens all our powers. B 10 