f aks and Sfcctcttcsi [NOW* FtEST iTDLlrifltD. US THE DATS OF THE MOTIFS*. A MILITARY NOVEL. BY G. A. HEXTW Author of ' The Curec of Carne's Hold,' ?? A Hidden Foe. '&c; Chapter XEIL Tlie Doctor had just sat down to dinner when Bathurat came in ; the two subalterns were diniug with him. 'That's good, Bathurst,' the Doctor said as he entered. 'Boy, put a chair for Mr. Bathnrst. I had begun to think that you bud deserted me as well as everybody else. ' 41 1 was not thinking of dining,' Bathurst said as be sa.t dovm, ' but I will do so with pleasure, though I told iny man I should he Iwwk in half an hour,' and as the eervuat left the room be added, 'I have much to say, Doctor, get through dinner as qniek as you can and get tbe servants out of the tent.' The conversation was at once to rued by the Doctor upon shooting and hunting, and no coffee was put on the table and the servant retired. The talk which had been lively dnring dinner then ceased. 'Well, Bathnrst,' tlie Doctor asked, 'I suppose you have something serious to tell 'Very serious. Doctor,* and he repeated the news be had given the Major. *'It could not be worse, Bathurst,' the Doctor said quietly, after the first shock of the news hid passed. ' Von know I never had any faith in the Sepoys since X saw Jiow this madness was spreading from station to station. ThU sort of ttiiug is contagious. It becomes a. sort at epidemic, and in spite at the assurances of the men I felt sure they would go. But this scoundrel of Bithoor turning against us is more than I bargained for. There is no disguising the fact that it means a general rising through Oude, and iu that case God help the women and children. As for us, h all comes in tbe line of business. What does the Major say ?' ** The only question that seemed to him to be open was whether the women and children could be got away. ' ' But there docs not seem, any possible place for them to go to. One or two might travel down the country in disguise, bat that is oat of the question for a large parly. There is no refuge nearer than Allahabad. With e%ery man's hand against them I sec not the slightest chance of a party making their way down.' of the question ; sriJ], that is a matter for c&ch; married man to decide for himself. The prospect is dark enough anyway, bat, as before, it seems to me that everything really depends upon the Zemindars. If we bold the court-house it is possible the Sepoys may be beaten off in their first attack, and, in their impatience to join the rantineerB, who are all apparently marching for Delhi, they may go off without throning away their lived by attacking us, for I don't think they would be able to take tbe place without cannon. But if the Zemindars join them with cannon we may defend ourselves till the List but there can be bat one end to it.' The Doctor nodded. ' T hat is the situation exactly, Bathurst.' 'Ian glad we knov the danger, and shall be able to face itopenly,' Wilson said- 'For the last month Richards aud I have been keeping watch alternately, and it has been beastly funkey work sitting there with one's pistols on the table before one, listening, and knowing every moment there might be a yell and these brown devils come pouring in. Now, at least, we are likely to have a fight for it, aud to know that some of them will go down before we do. ' Richards cordially agreed with his com panion. ** Well, now, what«ire the orders, Bathurst?' aai-] the Doctor. ' There are no orders as yet, Doctor. The Major says will you go Tound 10 the other6, DooZan, Rioroul, and Forster, and tell them ? civilians. Theq, thia evening we are to meet at iuue o'clock, as usual, at the Major's. If tbe others decide that the only plan is fur all to etop here and fi^ht it nut there will be no occasion for anything like a couucil ; it will only have to l-e arranged at what time we all move into the fort and the bet means for keeping the news from spreading to the Sepoys. Not that it will uia.ke much differ ence after they have once fjjr'y turned io. If there ia one thin^ » Hindoo !ja.t«-* more than another it is getting from under his blankets when he has once pot himself warm at night. Even if they heard at one or two o clock in the morning that we were moving into the fort I don't think they would turn 'No, I am Bare they Mould not,' the Doctor agreed. ' If there were a few more of us,' Richards Baid. ' I should vote for our beginning it. If ?we were to fall suddenly upon them, we might kill a lot aud scare the Vest off.' ' We are loo few for thai,' the Doctor said ' Besides, although Bathurst answers for the good faith of the Bender of the warning, there has as yet been no act of mutiny that 'would justify our taking such a step as that. It would come to the same thing. We might kill a good many, hot in the long mn three hundred men would be more than a match for a dozen, and then the women woaM be at thfeir mercy. Well, we had better be moving, or we shall not hare time to go round to the bungalows be/ore the people set oat for the Major's.' It was a painful mission that Bathurst had to perform, (or he had to tell those he called upon that altuost certain tlBath was at hand, but the ucms was everywhere received calmly. The strain had of late been so jrreat that the welcome. He did not stay long auytrficre, but after setting an alternative before them left husband and wife to discuss whether to try to make down to Alla.hu.bad, or to take refuge iu the fort. Soon after niue o'clock all were at M-ijor Hauuay'a. There were pale faces among them, bat do stranger would have supposed that the whole party ha*l just received uews which was virtually a death warrant. The ladies talked together as usual, while the meu talking with the Major, sometimes sitting side, or talking there ia Jow tones together. The Major moved about among them, and soon learned that all had resolved to stay and meet whatever came together, preferring that flieht. TlIam glad you have all decided so,' he said, quietly. *' In the state the country is the chances of getting to Allaliabad arc next Lawrence restores order at Luckuow, and then he may he able to send a party to bring us in. Or the mutineers may draw off and march to Delhi, I certainly think the chances are best here ; besides, every rifle we have is of importance and though if any of you had made up your minds to try and escape I should have niade no objection, I am glad that we shall all stand together here.' The arrangements were then briefly made for the removal to the court -bouse. AIL were to go hack and apparently to retire to bed as usual At twelve o'clock the men, armed, were to call up their servants, load them np with such things as were most repaired, and proceed with them, tbe women and children, at once to tbe court-house. Half the men were to remain there on gaird while the others wooltl continue with the servants to make journeys backwards and for wards to the bungalows, bringing in as much as could be carried, the guard to be. changed every hour. In the morning the servants were all to have the choice given them of rc Cn.pta.in Forster was the only ilissenticnt. He was in favour of the whole party mount ing, placing the women and children in carriages, and making their way ia a body, fiedtioff their way if necessary dovm to Allahabad. He admitted that, iu addition to tbe hundred troopers of his own squadron, they might be cut off hy the mutinous cavalry from Cawnpore, fall in with bodies of rebel? or be attacked by villagers, but he maintained that there was at least some chance of cutting their way through, while once shut up in tbe court-house escape would be well nigh impossible ' But you all along agreed to out holding tbe cuurt-honse, Forsfcer, ' the Major said. ' Yes, bat then I reckoned upon Cawnpore holding out with the assistance of Nam. Sahib, and upon the country remaining quiet. Now the whole thing is changed. I am quite ready to fight in the open, acd to take my chance of being killed there, bat f protest against beiug ebut up like a rat in a hole.' To the rest, however, the proposal appeared desperate There would be no withstanding a single charge of the well trained troopers, especially as it would be necessary to guard the vehicles. Had it not been for that, the small body of men mi^ht possibly have cnt their way through tbe cavalry ; but even then they uronld be s=o hotly pursued that the most of them would assuredly be hunted down. But encumbered by the women such an «nterprisc seemed utterly hopeless, and the whole of the others were unanimously against it. The party broke op very early, The strain of maintaining their ordinary demeanour was too great to be long endured, and tlie ladies with children were anxious to return as soon as possible to them lest at the last moment the Sepoys should hav« made some change iu their arrangements. By teu o'clock the whole party liad left. The tuo subalterns had no preparations to make, they had already sent most of their things in to the hospital, and lighting their pipes they sat down and talked quietly till mid night, then placing their pistols in their belts and Tvrappfnjr themselves in their cloaks I hey went into the T)tj~lors tout, v.liioh was next to theirs. was sleeping in a sheltered tent pitched by thesideofhis. Themaucameiu)o--kio::siirprised at being called. ' Rnshun,'' the Doctor Fair!, ' you have been with me ten years aud I believe you to Ik- faithful.' 'I wouM lay down my life for the Sahib, ' ' Vou have heard nothing oi any trouble with tlie Sepoys ?*' 'No, Sahib, they know that Roshun is faithful to his master. ?' ?' We hive news that they are going to rise in the morning md kill ail 'Kiinineaua. bo we ™O, 'saMb^wliiT will' you take' with you ?' ' My books an.l papers have all (rone in,' the Doctor said. ' that portiiia'ih-u may as well go. I will carry those mo rifles myself, the ammunition is all there except that liag in the corner, which I will sling round my shoulder.'' Wilson asked. 'Bran.ly, lad.'' 'We niay as well carry one of those a-piece. Doctor, if your boy takes the portmanteau. It wonl.l be a pity to leave good liquor to lie 'Iijie with you, Wilson; bed.les, the less liquor they get hohf of the better for us. I Now, if you are all reaJy we will start, but ] we must move quietly or the sentry at the quarter guard may hear us.' , Ten minutes later they reachej tie hospital, being die last of the party to arrive tliere. 'Now Major,' the Doctor said, cheerily, as soon as ho entered, 'as Uiis place is supposed to be under my special charp: 1 will take command for the present. Wilson and . Rictards u-ffl act as my lieutenants. »e, have nothing to di outside, and can devote ourselves to getltug things a little straight here. 1 he firit thing to do is to light lamps | in all the lower rooms ; thcu we can see «nat f we are doing, and the ladies will be able to (rive us their help, while tbe men go oat irith the servants to bring things in, and remember the first thing to do is to bring in the horses. They may be useful to us. There is i good store of forage piled iu the corner of the vard, hut tbe syces had best bring in as much more as they can Clrry. K»*'. ?««-*? ' J'' *m all bring your bundles iuside the house we trill set :l»ut arranging thinire, and at any rate get the children into bed as quickly as possible.' As it had been already settled as to the rooms to lie occupied, the ladies and their ayahs set to work at once, clad to have some tliin' to employ them. One of the rooms which had lieen fitted up with beds had been devoted to tlie purposes of a nursery, and the children, most of whom were still asleep, were soon settled tliere. Two other rooms had been fitted up for the nse of the ladies, while the men were to occupy two others, the court room being turned into a general meeting and At first there was not much to do, bat fls the servants, closely watched by their masters, went backwards and forwards briug ing in goods of all kinds, there was plenty of employment in carrying thpm down to a large underground room, where they were left to be sorted later on. Tbe Doctor had appointed Isobel Hannay anil the two Miss Hunters to the work of lighting a fire, and getting boiling water ready, and a plentiful sopoly of coffee was presently made, Wilson and rUchaards draw ing the w&tcr;, carrying the heavier loads douastiirs, and making themselves geserally useful Captain Forster had not come in. He had undertaken to remain in his tent in the lines, where he had quietly saddled aud unpicketed his horse, tying it up to the tent ropes so that lieved that bis own men would stand linn, and declared be would at their head charge the mutinous Infantry, while if they joined the mutineers he would ride into the Fort. It was also arranged that he should bring in word should tbe Sepoys obtain nevs of what was going on and rise before morning. All felt better and more cheerful after having taken some coflee. ' It is difficult to believe. Miss Hannay,' Richards said, ' that this is all real and not expedition,*' ' It is, indeed, Mr. Richards. I can hardly believe even now that it is all true, and have pinched myself tiro or three times to make 'If the villains venture to attack us,' Wilson said, ' I feel sure we shall heat them off handsomely.' ' I have no doubt we shall, Mr. Wilson, especially as it 'ill be in daylight. Von know night shooting.' The young men both laughed. ' We shall never hear the last of that tiger story, Miss Hinniy. I can tell yon it is no joke shooting when you have been sitting cramped np on a tree for about six bouts. We are really both pretty pood shots. Of course I don't mean like the Doctor, but we always make good scores with the targets. Gome, Richards, liere is another lot of things ; if they goon at this rate the Sepoys won't find much to loot in the bungalows to Just as daylight was breaking the servants were all called together and given the choice of staying or leaving. Only some eight or ten, all of vrbom lielonged to the neighbour hood, chose to go off to their villages. The rest declared they would stay with their T»o of the party by lurns L-ui )-een on natch all night mi the terrace to listen for any sound of tumult in Hie lima, but all had cone on .[uietly. Batliurst lia.l l«cn working with the others all night, and after seeing that all his papers were carried to the court-house, he had trjiible.1 hut little about his nun Mon inga, but had assisted the others in brinmnff in their goods. At daylight the Major and hh officers mounted and rode quietly down towards the paraile ground, llathur.-t and Mr Hunter with several of the w-rvants, took their places at the gates in readiness to open and dose them quickly, while the Doctor and the other Europeans went up to tlie roof, where they ' loaded and placed in reitliness mix guns each, I from the strtr* in the coirrt-hous^ /snbel Hannay and the wives of the two Ciptains were loo anxinu* to K.nain below, and went up to the roof also. The Doctor took his place by them, examining the Hues with a field The officers lialtt^l when they reached the ' There goes the assembly,'' the Doctor et'rs.' ''' Tne}°''cn a're . nrnin^o™' of their tents. There, I can make out Forsur, he lias ju.-t mounted, a plucky fellow that. ' giiiuud as uwial, the Scimys seemed t.i Uanw about their tents. Tlie cavalry mounted and formal up in their lines. Sudden'v a nun was fired, and as if at the signal ihe whole of the Infantry rushed ?,,r«ar,l toward* the offleeis, yelling and Hring ; and the latter at once turned their horses and r.ude towards the ' Don't be alarmed, my dear,' the Doctor 'said to IsobeL 'I don't snppose anyone is hit. The Sepoys are not shots at the best of times, and firing running they would not be abktohit a toy-stack at a hundred yanK The Cavaky 6'«nd firm you see. he said, turning his glass in that direction. torster is haranguing them. There, three of the native officers are riding up to liim- All! One has fired at him'. Missed ! Ah ! Thai is a better shot,' as the man fell from his horse, from a shot from his captain's pistoL The other two rushed at him. One he cut down, and the other shot. Then he could be seen again, shouting and waving his sword to the men, bnt their yells conld be heard as they rode forward at him. 'Ride, man, ride,' the Doctor shouted, although his voice could not have been heard at a quarter of the distance. But instead of turning Forster rode right at them- There was a confused me/ee for a moment, and then his figure appeared beyond tlie line, through which he had broken. With yells of fury the troopers reined in their horses, and tried to mm them, but before they could do so the officer was npon them again His revolver cracked in his left hand, and his sword flashed in his right. Two or three horses and men »cre seen to roll over, and in a moment he was through them again and ridins at full speed for the court house, under a scattered fire from the Infantry, whDe the horsemen, now in a confused mass, galloped behind him. ' Now then,' the Doctor shouted, picking up his rifle ; ' let them know we are within range, bnt mind yon don't hit Forster. rire two or three shots, and then run down to the gate. He is well mounted and has a good fifty yards' start oi them. Then taking deliberate aim he fired. The others followed his example. Three of the troopers dropped from their horses. Three times those on the terrace fired, and then ran down, each, at the Doctor's order, taking two guns with him. One of these was placed ia the hands of each of the officers who had just ridden in, and they then gathered round the gate. In two minutes Forster rode in at full speed, then fifteen muskets flashed out and several of the pursuers fell from their horses. A minute later tbe gate was closed and barred, anil the men all ran up to the roof from u hich their muskets were fired simultaneously. 'Well, done,' tbe Doctor exclaimed. 14 That is a good beginning.' A minute later a brisk fire was opened from the terrace upon the Cavalry, who at once turned and rode rapidly back to their lines. Captain Forster had not come scathless through the fray, his cheek had been hud open by a sabre cut and a musket ball bad gone through the fleshy part of his arm as he rode back. ** This comes of fighting when there is no occasion,' the Doctor growled, when he dressed his wounds. ' Here you are charging a host like a paladin of old, forgetful that we want every man who can lift an arm in defence of this place.' 'I think. Doctor, tliere is so-jeone else wants yoor sen-ices more than I do. ' ' Yes ? is any one else hit ?' ' No, I don't know tbat anyone else is hit Doctor, but as I turned to come into the house after toe gates were shut, there was that fellow Batliurst leaning agiinst the wall as white as a sheet and shaking all over like a leaf. I should say a strong dose of Dutch courage would be the best medicine there.' ' You do not do justice to Bathurst, Captain Forsler,' the Doctor said, gravely. 'He is a man I esteem most highly. In some respects he is the bravest man I know, bnt lie is con stitutionally unable to stand noise, and the sound of a pun is torture to bim. It is au un fortunate idiosyncracy for which he is in no way accountable.' ' Exceedingly unfortunate, I should say,' Forster said, with a dry laugh. ?' Especially at times like this. It is rather unlucky for him that fighting is generally accompanied by noise. If I had such an idiosyncracy as you call it, I would blow out my brains.' ' Perhaps Bathurst would do so too Captain Forster, if he had not more brains to blow out than some people have. '' 'That is sharp. Doctor,' Forster laughed gooi'-krapcrcdly. ' I don't mind a fair hit.'' ' Well, I must go,' the Doctor said, some n hat mollified ; ' there is plenty to do' and I expect, after these fellows have held a council of uar, they will 1« trying an attack.' When (he Doctor went out he found the whole of the garrison busy. I he Major had placed four men on tbe roof and had ordered every one else to fill tbe baKS tint had been prepared for the purpose with earth from the garden. It was only an order to (he men and male servants, but the ladies had a'l gone out to render their assistance A« fast as the natives filled the liags witli earth the ladies sewed up the mouths of the liags, and the men carried them away and piled them against the gate. The garrison consisted of the six military officers, the Doctor, seven civilians Icn ladies eight children, thirty-eight male servants and six females. The work, therefore, went oti rapidly, and in the course of two hours so large apueof W was liuilt up a-ainst the gate that there was no probability whatever *-f its Wins foreL-iJ. ' Now,' the Major said, '? we want four dozen bags at least for the parapet of t!ie terrace. U need not raise it all, l,ut we T.th'of tl^!:^1*0* t-l'° b'ga '«'' tI.Uh«r ™ 'I'!1' 'imt,lim- to accomplish this » hen one of the watch on the roof reported that the Sepnys were linn™ the bu,,tilo»s As «onn a, they », that the Enrope,,,, had gained the shelter of t|,e eourt house the Vpnys, with yells of triumph, had male for tbe house, of the European., an.l their dis appointment of hn,Hns that not only had all the wlnlw uke., refuge iu (l,e court house, but that they had removal ,,1IJit ,,f tlu.jr property, vented iiself iu setli.,.. lire to the Iraildmg*. after stripping them ,,f everything, and then amused themselves by keepiug up a stragghng nre against the Court house. As soon as the bags were taken on to tbe roof, the defenders, keeping under tbe shelter of the two parapet a, carried iheiu to the corners of the terrace, aud piled them two deep on the parapet, these forming a breast work four feet high. Eight of the best shots were then chosen, and two -j£ them took post at each corner. 'Now,' tbe Doctor said, cheerfully as be sat behind a. Binajl loop-hole that had been left between the ba-ga, ** It is our turn, and I don't fancy we shaLL waste as much lead as you have been doiug.' The tire from the defenders was slow, but it was deadly, and in a very short time the Sepoys no longer dared to show themselves in the opeu, but took refuge behind trees, whence they endeavoured to icply to tJit- fire on the roof, but even this proved so dangerous that it was not long before Hie fire ceased alto gether, and they drew off under cover of the smoke from the burning bungalows. Isobel Hanuay bad met Bathurst as he was carrying a sack of cart4i to the roof. *' I have been wanting to *.peak to you, Mr. Bathnrst, ever since yesterday evening, bat you have never given me an opportuuitv. Will you step into the store-room for a few As he came down be went to tbe door of tbe room in which Isobel was standing awaiting him. ** I am not coming in, Miss Qannay. I believe I know wha( you are going to say. I Baw it in your face last night when I had to tell that tiger story. You want to say that you are sorry you said that yon despised cowards. Do not say it ; you were perfectly right ; you cannot despise me one-tenth as much as I despise myself. While you w-*re looking at the mutineers from tbe roof I u-ns leaning against the wall below well-nigh fainting. What do you think my feeling must be that here, wuere every man is brave, where there are women and children to be de fended, I aloue cannot hear my part. Look at my lace, I know there is not a vestige of Bteady yet. It is useless for you to speak ; you may pity me, but you. cannot but despise me. Believe me, that death when it com*-s will be to me a happy release indeed from the shame and misery I feeL' Then, turning, be left the girl without another word, and went about his work. The Doctor had, just before goiug up to take his place on the roof, come across him. ?'Come in here, my dear Bat hurst,' be said, f^izinp his arm and dragging him into the room which had been given up to him for bis drugs and surgical appliances, ** let me ginger ; you want a pick-up I cau see by your 'I want it. Doctor, but I will not take It,' Bathurst said. 'That is one thing I have made op my mind to. I will take no spirits to create a courage that I do not possess. ' ' It is not courage ; it has nothing to -lo with courage,' the Doctor eaid, angrily. ' It is a simple question of nerves, as I have told 'Call it what you like, Doctor, the result is precisely the same. I do not mind takiug a strong dose of quinine if yon will give it to me, for I feel as weak as a child, but no spirits.' With an impatient shrug of tbe shoulders the Doctor mixed a strong dose of quinine and An hour later a sadden outburst of musketry took place. Not a native showed himself on the side of tbe bouse facing the maidaii, but from the 'gardens on the other three sides a heavy fire was opened. ' Every man to tbe roof,' the Major said, ** four men to each of the rear corners, three to the others. Do you think you are lit to fice» Forater? Had you not better keep quiet for to-day ; you will have oppor tunities enough.' ' I am all right. Major,' he said, carolessly. ' I can put my rifle through a loop-hole and fire, though I have one arm in a sling. By Jove ! he broke off suddeuly, » (oak at Hint fellow Batkurst, he looks like a ghost.' The roll of musketry was unabated, aud tlie defenders were already lteginniu£ to answei it, the bullets sung thickly overhead, and above the din could bo heard the shouts of the natives. Uaihursl's face w;us ri^id and cfiastly pale. The Major hurried to him. 'My clear Bathurst,' he siid, 'I think you bad better go below. You will find plenty uf work to do there' ' My work is here,' Bathurst said, as if speaking to himself, ** it must be done.' Tbe Major could not at tbe moment pay further attention to him, for a r(*ar «f tin; broke out rouml (be enclosure as from tin* ruined bungalows and every bush the Sepoys, who had crept up, iiow coinninnceil the attack in earnest, whiW the defenders lying behind the parapet replied slowly and steadily, aiming at the putts of smoke as they .Urted out. His attention was suddenly called by a shout from tbe Dorfor. ?? Are you mad, Bat hurst ? Lie down, in an, you *re throwing away your life.' Tnruing round the Major «aw Rituurst standing upright by the parapet, faring the point where the enemy's tire was liottvKt. attempt to 6re ; his figure suayetl slightly to '^?Lfe down,' the Major shout*... Lie down, sir,' and then as lfculmntt still stood Jh-D^octor^from -mc°BWeanil Captain Forster from the other rushed towards Italhurst tli rough a storm of bullets, seized him in their arms, and dragged him back to the centre of die terrace ' Nobly done, gentlemen, the Major said as they Uid Bithurst down,' it was almost uiiraiculntis your not l-eing hit. Bathurst had struggled fiercely for a. moment, and then Ins resistance hail suildculy ceased and he had been dragged back like a voodeu tipire. His eyes were close.! uow. 'Has he been hit, Doctor?' the Major, asked. '* It seems impossible be ean haw 1 escaped. What maduces possessed him to put himsslf there as a target ?'* ' N'o, I don't think he is hit,' the Doctor said, as he examined him. 'I think he has fainted. We had better carry him down to uiy room. .Shake bawls, Forater, I know you and Kathurst were wot good friends, aud | you ritkeil your life tu save him ' ' I did uot think who it was,' Foratcr said with acanless laugli. ' I eaw a man behav ing like a. madiniui and naturally went to pull him down. However, I shall thiuk better of him io future, though I doubt whether he was in liu right sense*.' ' He wanted to be killed,' the Doctor said, quietly, 'and the effort that he made to place himself in tbe way of deatii must have been greater tha.u either vou or I can vrvil under stand, Forster. I kiiow the circumstances of his case Morally I IkjIicvc there is no braver man living tliau he is ; physically he has the constitution of a timid woman : it is mind against body.' ' The distinction is too fiiie for me. Doctor,' Forster said, as he turned to go off to his post by the parapet. ' I understand pluck and I understand cowardice, but this mysterious mixture you speak of is beyoud me altojret her. ' Tbe Major aud Doctor Wade lifted Bathurst and carried l:im below. Mrs. Hunter, who had been appointed chief nurse, met them. ' Is be badly wounded. Doctor *' 'No; be is not wounded at all, Mrs. Hunter. He stood up at the edge of the parapet and exposed himself to rashly to the Sepoys' tire that we Iiad to drag him away, temperament, was loo much for him, and be fainted. We shall soou brine him round. You can come in with me, but keep the others The Major at once returned to the terrace. In spite of the restoratives the Doctor poured through his lips and cold water dashed in his face, Bathurst \v-vs some time before be opened his eyes, treeing Mrs. Hunter and the Doctor beside him, he made an effort tu ' You must lie still, Bathurst,' the Doctor slid, pressing his hand on his bliouldcr. *' You have tried to throw away your life.' 'Xo, I did not. F had no thought of throwing away my life,'' Bathurst said after a pause ' I was trying to make myself t.tand. fire, I did not think whether I should be hit or uot. I am not afraid of bullets, Doctor ; it's the horrible, fiendish noise that I 'I know, my l*oy,' the Doctor said, kindly, ' but it comes to tbe same thing You did put yourself in the way of bullets when your doing so was of no possiVle advan tage, and it is almost a miracle that you for the present. I shall leave yon in charge of Mrs. Hunter. There is nothing for you to do on the roof at present. Tilie attack is a mere outbreak of rage on the part of tiie Sepoys that we have, all escaped them. They know well enough they can't take this house by merulv firing away at the roof. When they attack in earnest it will be quite time for you to take part tu the affair aga'u. Now, Mrs. Hunter, my orders are absolute that he is uot to be allowed to get up.'' Oa the Boctor leaving the room he found several of the ladies outside, the news that Mr. Bathurst had been carried down bad spread among tiiera. ?* Is he badly hurt, Doctor?'* ' N*o, ladies. Mr. Bathurst is, unfortun bim that he cannot by any effort of bis own overcome. In order, as he says, to try and accustom himself to it he went and stood at the edge of Cue parapet in full sight of the Sepoys and let ihein Maze away at him. He must have been bi led if Forster and I had not dragged him away by main force. Then That is all there is about it. Poor fellow, be is extremely sensitive ou the ground of per sonal courasc In other respects I have known him do tilings re-|uirin^ an amount of pluck that nut oue man in a hundred possesses, and I wish you all to remember that hisiiervoiisuys at the effect of the noise of flrc-arnis is a purely constitutional weakness, for which he l.s in no nay to be Mimed. Ho ha« ju-t risked his 1 fc iu the most reckless miuiHT, in what lie knot's thai some persons cotisi-lvr, is eunardiev. anil it would be -u cruel and. I iwislijution^faWiw'Mit'a-oiihM^Mawpi'w a pen-ou for Mug' !K-ni a bumpliacfc or a cripple. Kut I cannot stand talking any loniicr. I shall be more useful on tile roof than I am here.' Isolicl H.umay ins not among those u-ho had ISilliurst «-ai Ijinc, hut tlie Doctor had raise.! his voieo and she heard what lie said, and bent over her work of newing strips ot linen together for bandages with a ,»Ur face tUaii Ua*l liveu caused l»v the outbreak of nn»k-try. CwlnaUy rhc tiring crawl, the Sepnys Iiad sufercd heavily from the steady lire of the in. visible ile/eniltrs, and gniililally i!rc» off. an.] attack all was silent r.iuu.l Lhc Itnildin^. I ' So far so good, ladies,'' the Major said. «ra'lch,'uesecil.led from the roof.' ' We have ; had no casualties, and 1 think we must have inflicted, a good many, and the mutineers arc not likely Io try that pinie ou a-ain, for tliey and arc not likely to fright, n us. N'.iw 1 Ibij* I am sure we have all cxeelleutappetitcs.' 'Tirteu is.iuite ready. Major. 'Mrs. Doolau, I who had liecii appointed chief of the coin- ' mis'oriu .lepirtmciM, aai.1, cheerfully. - The | servants were a little disorganised when the to it' anil I think you will find everything in I orJ.»r in the half I ( To U coiilmucJ.) I 