Why DecI He Love nor? CIAPTER XXI (Continued). Isola made efforts to while hlimn from .his sadness, but she oawr that she failed, though he made an effort to talk as uat:nl. One morning, on parting Iroem her, he said: "I mnst soon claim you ngain. I can not live without yon niclch longer, and it.is my resolve to keep you under my own roof." His expression was so strange, so dif ferent from his ordinary one, that Isola looked at him in surprise. - "'Nothing npposes my return, father, and if you miss me so much nwill to back with you now. I as:t so muc ibetlter that I no longer need the care that has hreen lavishtd o1l ne." "SNo, no-not yet-not yet. lemniain at the Vale till you are stion;;er, or--" He kissed her brow. aind c~fering Ihis thankls to Miss Car!eton ftir hir :i;mlness to his child, mounted his horse and rode away. iolth were slirck wi:h his preocea pied manner, and a fear fell on the heart of iliss Carleton that some weight was. press ing on his heart. She wonuld not believe him capable of crime; it evil lhad breie done, he must have been the victim with the brother who had so n:ystcribnsly perished, and she felt the certainty that Senora Ilnsetli was ,cognisant of what had ccurred in Ilnly; that she had participated in the scenes which had left such an impression of sad ness on Fonlaine. Tllhatthlis woman came to his horuse for any good purpose she could not belie e. but she was far from suspecting the turpitude which those two hypocrites were consmn onrting. On the night after Isola's departure, Fon taine was alone in his library, engaged in looking into thie sate of his affairs prepa paratory to matling his will. A rise in tobaceco had enabled his mer chant to sell his list crop at a high price, and the proceeds, aloullllling to teln thou sand dollars, he intended to settle on Isola. If he lived lie would be able to do more for her; if he died, or lost his reason, Savelln would come into poteursion of his: eltate as the lawful heir. Celia, alho had waited cn Isoln from her childhood, lie woeld give to her, and a draft of the will hlie intended to make lay on the table. His head .ws bent over a column of figures, when he was startled by a shock. Then three raps from beneath the table and the voice so long nhieard breathed almost in his ear: "Claude, I am beside you. I must tell you how happy I amn that you have sent from you the rival of my child. Let her stay from beneath this roof, for her presence is a curse to it." Fontaine was unnerved, but disdain at this assertion restoled to him full self possession. Jeeeclnin:ed: " Fell and evil spirit, for such I now know you to be, avaunt! I refuse to obey your dictates. Leave my house unpolluted by youraccursed1 presence !" "Ciaude! beware of speaking thus, for I possess the power of life and death over her and you. Did you not feel the touch of my fingers ? I could as easily have struck you senseless had I chosen to do so. Take my child to your heart; make her the heiress of all-all you possess, and I will leave you in peace. Act otherwise, and I will Ill your house illih such devilish revelry that you will be glad to come to terms." It was Henry Fontnine's voice that sounded in his car; but the listener felt that his brotllhr's nature must have become warped in tile spirit-land to speak thus. And hle firmly said: "An evil demon has obtained power over me through nay own fratricidal act; but lthat you are Henry Fontaine I will never believeunless I lave cecular de-monthation. to that effect. If I see you with my own eyes, I may believe their evidence; nothing less will convince ime." "Hoe !" laughed the speaker, "with you, seeing is believing is it ? Well-you shall have that proof. So impalpable a presence as a ghost must float out upon the darkness, lhis form rayed forth through the power be stowed on him in the spirit-world. If you can bear thie sight, I promise to tender mny self visible to you." Fonltine exclaimed: "Let me see you this moment. I will ex tinguisli the Insap," and heput out his hand to remove the shade. The voice spoke as if receding from him: \- Not yet, Claude. The silght would mad den your brain ; for when I do come, it will be as you last saw me-dying byyour hand, Can you bear that ?" . - Fontaine sank down, pale as thedead. He shuddered, and putting out his hand, said: "Go away, for God's sake I Once before your presence near nse nearly drove me to suicide. Persist in coming to me and I shall lose reason. If you are my brother, you w.ill leave 1me to bear may burden in such peace as Ino1w may find." Again that tlhrilling touch sent its electric shiver thLrough his veins, and the departing voice said: "Adienu.. I leave you at your eommnnd; but, if you pay no respect to my wislhes, I shall make my presence felt lby you again." Three raps filled the room with their eclhoes, and Casar appearedin the doorway withl a scared face, and faltered: - "Was you a knoclisn for me, marse Claude! I were goin' through de hall, an' Iherd de noise, nn'I thouglhtyou was taken sick and wanted suflin'." Feontaine lifted hisowhite face, now stern withl'anger, and quickly asked: -How long Ilhave you been near that door! u.ve you overheard anything ex cept the raps!" "Fo' de bressed Lord, I hasn't; I'd jest come in to.shlet up do house for de night. I laoses yos don't s'pect mIe of spin' on you, saaariter?" 2" "I shoull not do so, C csar, for you have has haopeniea."d I desire ydn will' say0 no: ithing of tle noises you Ilhave heard." At that instant asotlher peal was heard, hieneath c aielch the Inmp and papers on the table trembled. Thle nes;ri fell on his btiees." He cried out: " G'sny from here, you cussed deblil dat you OnIst be g'n '. Whllat does gliost esses want in dis hoiuse? Get out'n dis, or I'll nishke Ily ole o'man scold yeou. A supile crept over Fontaine's lips at this abbtlral thrent from the poor old manh. He remained stiaaiia?a" il tlhesame attitude 'sevesral 'isolents, litenling to any further delllolselraeno tlaat Iligh~t be made. "You have -- heard of spirit-rapping, OCesar, and you have seen experiments tried liere by the young people. There is no thing to alarm you in it.- I have witnessed sich things, and no evil'came from them. Get n.p, and 'attend to closing the house." At this command, the old servant arose t' "I ain't used to such things, marse Claude. I ain't got muech gumption, an' an' I is feared to go out'n do hall by my self. El dat ar' thing was? to toller arter me, an' hammer on de do', I should drop dead." His rolling: eyes and dusky. conplosion proved the truth of his assertions, and FTon' taino.kindly sanid : ".I will go with yon, then, but I think, the visitation is over for this time. I- for bid'you to speak of whatyot have witnessed here." "I'll .memlier what you' say, marse Clanle, asn' I'll try to 'bey you; bus.-I wishes dat 1 -dn't heerd nothin' on it myself." Fontaine preceded *-' in his tour of the house, and saw all the windows and doors closed, As Ciesar was leaving Claude, lie outreated : . "Don't have nothin' to do wid'em, marse Claude. Dey is debbils'in 'sguise. Ax de bressed Lor' to son' 'em back to do placeo day come from, an'-He'll take de cuss away. from you." ... . SI have not. called the spirits, Coesar; andyou may be sure I shall pray to be de livered from their persecutions." "Dit's right, sar; but I hates to see you go back inter dat haunted house all by your self." " Have no fears for me; I shall be quite safe from anything they can do to harm me." The moonlight 'fell upona his face, and Cesar noted the rigid illitteness that uhad sattled on it, the restless fire that burned in Ihis dark eyes. ' ".'? In the open air the old man was no longer afraid ;.bt he saw his master re-enter the house and close the door behind him with a fceling of dread... Ile listened; but all remained still, and lie moved toward his cabin in a state of be wilderment which did not escape the keen ob.ervation of Aggy swhen he appeared be fore her. But to all her inquiries lie only replied by deep groans "dat de debbil was to pay in do ole house." "I 'spectes as much when dese fuorrin' people got to stay in it," she replied. B"3ut Siwhat's happened 1' "Nothiin'; only de debbil's to pay, dat's all." "El lie is to pay, I hope he'll take his :debt out'n you, you old itnpid," was the re tort. " jes' wish you'd hold your tongue, or else talk sense wid it." Cmsar oh ejld ther wihi; for lie refused to. speak farther, in spiteo'bf the cajoleries which Aggy condescended to practice. She taunted hint with being possessed willt a dumb devil, to shich lie ruefully replied: " A duimb debbil is behtlr', a tailkin' one." "Dat dar's for me, so 1'11 jes' shet lip. But I'll find out what has fluslrated yoiu so much, in spite o' your circuulmendibusser. Thar! I don't b'lievo marse Claude knows a bigger word dan dat." At length day dawned, and soon after Cresar heard the voice of Fontaine speokiug to the orerceer in the yard. .'lhanking God that he was still livisg; the ol servant aroused his wife and prepared himself for the duties of the day. CL ?PTEI?'SxII. rHLIPir v.sANE USPa.TIEr. Night after night, thlroughoit'Isola's ab sence, thie cane attempits:were made to ex tract from Fontaine a, pledge that she should never return to the shelter of his roof. The draft of his will was copied, and he placedi it in his desk with the original, in tendirig to go to Lynchburg and hIne it en grossed ly a.lawyer. A few days after wards he sought for them to make some alterations, and both papers were found torn into tragments, which were scattered over Tlhst night his famniliar told him he had done it; that lie would find ,nieanus to de stroy every instrument which alieinlaed from Savella any of tile property owhich was hers. . - Fontaine had fallen into replying to the voice as if the speaker were a tangible 'pre sence, and lie said: "I will place my will where you cannot reach it." In response a laugh cane, followed by the words: - "Try it, Claude, and see if you can find a spot into which I shall be iinable 'to. pene trate." The will was placed in an iron chest in his room; he carried the key aboit his'per son, yet three days afterwards, -shen he sought for it, tlhat he migiit take it, with him to Lynchburg, lie fouri' it ilestroyed. Examination of the lock, eonvinced ' him tlhat it had not been tanmpered wih; buot Fontaine still persevered in carrying out his intention. A skeeleton was 'sent to his lawyer in Lynchburg with i. requeost that lie would have it ready for signature-at'the eild. of s week. Diring lthe absence ol Isola; Savell?c en deared herself to Fontalnoie;:' and acomnspa nicd ilim in his walk to tihe quarters, and when there showed thie liveliest' interest in the welfare of the people.who were to be conme her property at solme future lday. Site appeared to have overcome her distasle to them, and the huindness withi which she 'ad dressed them won golden opinions..: Savells endea'voured to fill the place of Isola, andu for hours she iplanedt and sang to her iiuncle, who felt the demon exorcised by the saelt of smi.ssi'' . " " .;: Autniiin had set in. :One afternoon Fontaine was detained from ho'dte seaveralt hours, anretred depres~ised in sp'irils. He "earned for musio;: buti on inquiring for his niece lie was told thLt sLhe .was gone out for a walk ;:-?·-;:-i, - ..After a few turns he threw on lhis hst, and took the pathtlisy ' wicih he t d lidt ob served Savella pUrssueit olflate whens se set oiut for tier aftli-inoon walk. '':.: "'iontaine had irocecded'hnlf a mile ilth 1out'encountering any one, r nd, he began-to .thiuk Savella ]taid tukeifiofthefiipath whlen 'the souind of voices struck-upo n his ear. The spiealers'a eio'sheltercd behilid a clump of ttilshes, luit a few steps brought the in tridcir iii view of thle two 'ho fancied them solves securro Irom observation. Saicelli was seated in s grape vine chair, formed by twisting thie long branchesl to getlier, and at hier feet reclined Philip Vane, resiiig" his head against-the rustic seat, and ho!dilg lers i hand in his own. Hfe was speaking passionately, and the expression of the girl's face revealed what was passing in her heart. Fontaine read its meaning at one glance, and then strode forward. Savella utteeredra cry,. and Philip sprang to his feet to confront the face that glared on inim with bitter contempt. " So-o- Mr. Vane condescends to amuse his hours by attempting to beguile another unsuspecting heart to love him. I ask you if it is the part of an holnourable man to enter my, grounds without mniy knowiedge an'd?' meet ,my niece in 'this clandestine manner !" Philip recovered his audacity, and he coolly said: "' My first meeting with Miss Fontaine was accidental, I assure you.0 Since that happened, asI:was no longer a visitor in your houseo, have availed myself of such chances as offered thiamsallves to see your niece. To-miorrow I should have waited on you to offer my proposals in form, as Miss Fontainie lins just hononred ime by accept ing me as her futureohusban'd." Fou?iinol- listeled to this address with surprise:: He turned to his niece and sternly asked: "Savelln, can this be true? Hlave yon disobeyed my wishes so as to suffer your heart to be won by a man I assured you 'would never be acceptable to me ?" She looked up aPtllcalingly end"faltered: " Oh, uncle Claude, I loved Philip from the first moment I saw him. n.I know that I have done wroig; but he 'loves nme, and and I will never lariry iiny one but him." Her uncle scornfully said: "Doubltess Mr. Vanenhas induced you to believe that he adores you; but it is not long since he camne to me and professed the satie feeling for another.: I ca'nnot under stand the facility wilh which his affections have been transferred froni her to you; yet whiry do I say so, for I am afraid I do comprehend it Irbu too well." " Philip never loved Isosla," Savella ex claimed. "He has told me so, and I be: liere him." : A glanicesof contleiipt froni Fontaine's eye flashed over Philip. He retained sufficient self-control to speak cnalmly. " Miss'Fontainie spenksthe truth, it was but.a pa.sing fancy ?I had for' saiotlier. 1 do not regret, this discovery, as it affords sme an opportunity I have'desired to express my sentimentss." "Philip Vane, your audacity passes be yond al- biounds," said Fontaine. " Do you suppose I :nau not aware how much your professions are worth?. Savell, when this man learned that .sola would not inherit my property, he :decrerld her; and ; n i this brief space of time lhe professes to have at tacheld hiimsei?lf to you witll ardourrnmfelt for her. "Judge for yourself if hle woull not be equally faithless to you if the smiles of for tune should forsake you.'' " Oh, uncle Claude," pleaded .Savella, " do isot speak so, for 1 love hiim, I tell you 1 andI shall die if I amn separated from hini! No, Ihe never loved Isola; hie loves only me !" There was such passionate feeling in her voice that Fontaine was touchedst. He morS gently said : - ".Poor child you must suffer 'from the perfidy of a man ,a hose .personal tri'actions are his only recommendation. But I must. save you from him at all hazards." Then,. turning to Philip Vane, he went on: Mr. Vane, if anything could have added to the distaste I have for you, it is" the know ledge that in this underhand manner you have attempted to win your way into my family. I decline accepting you as a suitor to my niece, 'and believe she will be in. duced to listen to recason, and give up a man who seeks her for her ?iorldly advantages alone." " Speak," said Philip : " Shall. it be so ? Your inheritance is your own; and I am suflliciently independent in fortune to lift me above the suspicion of the interested motives whien Mr. Fontaine has imputed to me. I love you ; you are aware of the real nature of the obstacle that lies Iretwaen us; and you have seen that Jsola now regards me as an old friend. Accept or reject me at once, foron your decision rests our future relation His eyes were. fixed on her-she made a' step forward, laid her hand in his, and said: "l'hilip, I believe in' tlhe nobility of your soul, and I will love you to the end. Oppo. siton will only strengthen my resolve to be yours througlh all.' " You hear, sir," said Philip. But Fon. taint drew Savella away from him, and heold her at his side bIy throwing his arm around her. "Philip Vane," he said," I am respon sible for the welfaro of nmy brother's child till'she has attained yeiirsof odiscretion. To you I will never surrender a cent. till that time expires; and I forbid yotr to npprbach her as a suitor. If she does niot discover ihow false are your professioisof lovie, she will possess little of the foresight of the race from whichn she sprung.' Good eveniiig. C ome,;Savella,? ie are far frol home." - He would have drawn her away; but she sprang toward -Philip, and exclaimed wpith passionate ferour : : " Oh ! my Philiir-my adored-believe hini not.. My hezart 'ill never separate from your Wie sohallfind means -to'meet, we slhall be happy yet." " Ibelieve so, Savella, niy future wife, he respoi'ded';' aind wtren Fontaine drew Sa vella from his eimbrace, h!e said -: " You see, sir, how uselos? i?ipositionswill prove.. She loves mi wi?th : allltIe ardour of her southern tblood, and I promise 'oi. to be agood liusband to her." ' S:He ncircled Savella witlh lris strong arm; and suppDrted lher faltering steps as he mosed away' ii hIer.i Sire looked at Philijit as long as it was podsible to do so, and the :expressio bof her eyes cosirniaed owhat her lilps uttered; -Philip iatched lthleni :a few nobmehtil and thena' shiile biroke overliis lips. He miruittered. : : " ,ti have paid you back for your insulting disinissal of my pretensions to Isoli. *Thati girl will do what I bid her ; I hold h'er fats :i ?isy ; handind be it hnippy or niiserablea sie staill yet become my wife." : :Ie strode to the tree to lwhicr his horse was fastened, anddashed off in the diiec· tion of Dunlora to tell his mother howa Ie. had sped in his wooing. CHAPTER XXII. Fontaine moved in the directior, of tIhe house, sustaining Savella; but afterproceed ing a distance she extricated herself from hris arms, and said: "I Tam able to walk alone. I do not wish to be too burdensome to you. He regarded her in sorrow as he said: "I have never felt that you are a burden to me. I have indulged the hope that you would prove a blessing to me ; but what I have witnessed has so lshlnen my faith in you, that I have misgivings for the future." (To be continlued.) 