POLITICAL ECHOES. I By Lounger. I The effort' of Parliament to bo found expiring in tho act of atoning for past misdoings has suggested to the Philoao Dhertheenmrirv 'Of what purpose is the institution?' Appealing to hia friend the Poet ho found that the latter had beou greatly perturbed of late Ijy the problem of the sufferings of man, the maker of Parliament — not exactly a new problem, but one which has, nevertheless, not only troubled the modern political author and agitator, but vexed almost every novelist, so that it is impossible to find mental rest unless, percnance, it is in the cheerful fiction of tkc Rider Haggard school, which wipes out of existence with a whiff of war or the stroke of the artist's pen hundreds and thousands with perfect sang froid. The Poet has discovered a solution of the problem in the conception that all this little world is the stage of a drama which is being witnessed by the peoples of teeming planets. The spectators of the tragedy upon the earth are being instructed in the trial of new principles in the develop ment of their distant relatives, the chil dren of the sun. The comment of the Philosopher upon this conceit is that, while the thought is not original and is certainly in the clouds, it is signifi cant of the constant desire of the human mind in all -ages to make the depth of man's misery the mea sure of his greatness. This desire gave birth to the notion of Parliament as an institution which should nob only be a testimony to the saddest facts of life, but an evidence of tho corresponding potentialities for enjoy ment. It is the magic lantern of human frailties and hopes. Cynic joining in the conversation observes that Parliament is unquestionably a theatre for the display of the littleness, meanness, finesse, and eccentricity of human nature. Patriot, on the other hand, contends that in the mass of the mullock he has seen the sparkle of self-sacrifice, nobility, aye, and tlxe divinity of his kind. It is, there fore, a mere incident^ he adds, what Parliament does. The work of legislation is wholly subsidiary to the important question of what Parliament is. The play is in tho player, the speech in the speaker. Given good actors and you have good acts, lnereiore it is in tne personal humours of Parliament you must look for the humanities of the day. It is not to the set speeches of members, which are the best clothes of Parliament, that one must look for the life-blood, but to the expressions in the Smoking-room and to the impromptu debates and the inter jections in the House which rise spontaneously and reveal the springs of action. It is impossible to over-estimate the service to the people of the phil osophy which teaches them that Parliament is not a Statute-making machine, but a composite personality comprising much that is good in them selves and much of what is in them that is eccentric and ridiculous. Of course it is difficult for the average elector to identify himself in the portrait of the average member, but that fact does not lessen the importance of the truth that Parliament is not an unfeeling automaton. A quaint London photographer has re produced the members of the Gladstone Cabinet in a composite picture, in which the widely varying individualities are em braced in the representation of a bene volent-looking gentleman of about sixty years of age, not remarkable for intel lectual vigour. A composite picture of the members of the Assembly would be not only novel but startling to those who assisted in the make-up. The conflict of striking characteristics would probably rrsult in a complete negation of all, and the most noticeable features loft be those that now escape attention or are regarded indifferently as trifling peculiari ties. Just as the work of this Parlia ment as a whole is disappointing, so a composite mental portrait might be looked upon as insipid. In these days when it is proposed to tax everything a man has there might be advantages in taxing the idiosyncrasies of members, not the least being a revelation to the owners and to the public of what these consist. For example, suppose an impoverished Treasury were recouped by a line irom the following members upon each trial of the patience of the House by their specialities t — Mr. Ash— Technicality. Mr. Bartlett— Abu3e. Mr. Blacker— Loud voice. Mr. Brookor— Punning. Mr. Burgoyne— Elaboration. Mr. Butler— Oracularity. Mr. Caldwell— Garrulity. Mr. Castino— Stonewalling. Mr. Catt— Neutrality. Mr. Cock— Inaudibility. Dr. Cockburn — Dreaming. Mr. Cohen— Maahering. Speaker— Legal opinions. Mr. Downer— Fraternizing. Premier— Refining, Mr. Gilbert— Moralizing. Mr. Giles— Dolefnlness. Mr. Gillen— Comb»bivene33. Mr. Gould— Special pleading. Mr. Grainger— Ishmaelitistn. C.P.W.— liashfulness. Mr. Hack— Emotionalism. Mr. Hague— rhilo30phking. Mr. Hancock -Chirping. Mr. Handyside — Bisraarckism. Mr. Hawker— Courblineaa. Mr. Holdor— Versatility. A ttorney-CJ enoral— Independence. Mr. Hooper— Listening. Mr. Hopkins— Bluster. Mr. Horn— Cynicism. Mr. Howe— Bonhomie. Mr. Jenkins— Banter. Mr. Johnson— Querulousnesa. Messrs. J. R. and R. Kelly— Amiability. Mr. Kingston— Pugnacity. Mr. Lake— Torpidity. Mr. Lamahed— Diogeuiaing. Mr. Landseer— Blandneas. Mr. McDonald— Local advocacy. Mr. McPherson— Vigilance. Mr. Miller— Suspicion. Mr. Moule — Scheming. Mr. O'Loughlin— Mampuviing. Mr. Osman— Ambition. Mr. Parsons— Glitter. Mr. Playford— Bluntnes3. Treasurer— Diplomacy. Mr. Scherk— kindliness. Sir E. T. Smith— Beniguity. Mr. Solomon— Zeal. Mr. Stock— Flippancy. Mr. White— Sprig\itline8a. The valuo of a reputation was never more strikingly shown than when »lr. Asn rose to stonewall the Travelling- stock Reserves Bill, which the lion, member opposed because he did not wish^ to pamper his friends the squatters. Word had been sent to the Speaker that it would be well for him to get a deputy to act during tho night, as Mr. Ash waa prepared to talk till 8 o'clock the next morning. Mr. Ash waa fortified with the evidence taken by a Commission on the subject, which he was ready to read line by line and comment upon as he proceeded. So soon as the news had been circulated by Mr. Moule the House 'rasped the situation, and the result waa that Mr, -Mi had not been on lualega twenty minutes before the enemy capitu lated There will be no further attempt to rush the Bill, and possibly it will meet with a tragio end. Mr. Hancock is also itchin' to lower Mr. Castines record as he champion talker, but though he threatened to punish tlie House the other night the House only laughed. Ihe HSuse, on tho other hand, prefers to laugh with and not at Mr. Ash. If the Speaker is to be called upon to uivo a le«al opinion as to the eftect of a BHl, whfch he gave on Thursday on the Taxation Amendment Act Bill, he must either acquire the reputation of a fiist class lawyer or be granted legal assist ance. The Speaker of the House of Commons is accorded the latter. Mr. Coles usually fortifies himself with tho advice of his legal friends before treading the 'bewildering mazes of the law, but it i8 hardly fair to expect ;i layman to pronounce judgments which mi-;b.t pos sibly on some futuro occasion conflict with those of the Supreme Court Judges. A contributor sends me the following story of the SO5tNAHBUU5NT REPORTER. Reporters frequently work all day and half ;he night too, ao that when they have the op portunity to sleep they readily embrace ib. Although there are exceptions to every rule fou will be surprised when I tell you of a som lambulist reporter who even worked while in ;he gentle arms of Morpheus. This unique scribe one midnight after having finished up tor the ' day' started his weary maroh home ward. To my astonishment, however, after tie had wended his way for some considerable distance he deviated from his course. My 3uriosity excited, I followed bhe literary man. On overtaking him I found thab Dame Sleep bad weighed his eyelids down, and that he waa walking in his Bleep. Should I awaken him? To what haunts waj he bound? Determined not to break the spell I decided to chaperone the somnam bulist. After traversing many thoroughfarea and intricate by -lanes, in which we encountered policemen, sporting cats, and savoury smells, I discovered that my unconscious companion was bound for 'Marble Hall.' Greater was my consternation when he, obtaining ingress to the Upper Chamber, began climbing tho dingy Btaircase leading to the reporters' gallery. Having ascended them ho took his accustomed seat in the gallery, drew forth his 'slips' from his pocket, and in his imagination peopled the Chambor v.-ith the M.L.C.'s, and began ' taking' a supposititious speaker. The moonbeams that shot through the windows of the hall irradiated tho historical pictures thab hung round the walls. The more my friend's ludicrous positiou calculated to make me laugh outright— for he waa passing sundry mild remarks about the rate the hon. member waa Bpeaking— tho more did the gloomy nature of the ' hall' inspire me with a feeling of awe and affright. Spactres and ghosts of past legislators rose before my vivid imagina tion, and to drive these apparitions from my vision I leant over my friend'a shoulder and contemplated the contents of his ' copy.' Although he was a ' Hansard' man he had made unpardonable departures, his 'head- ings' not only being original and startling and calculated to invite the captions criticism of Mr. Kingston, but accompanying each speaker's utterances, wliieh were in verse, waa his caricature. My friend had thus brought his descriptive powers to bear, an arb which is strictly forbidden in ' Hansard' reporting. Tho first illustration was enbitled 'The hon. member for Champagne,' and hi3 speech— under the heading of ' Our Opinions of Yourself,' which heading I thought was very appropriate for legislators who think themselves of infinitely moro importance than thoir nnnnliT — ran thus ? — I'm a ' point of order man,' E'en since my House career began. I think Charles the Firsc the martyr, And Cromwell a great Tartar. The one deserves commiseration, The other one our execration. The labour man I hate With a passion that ia great. And tho' I thump my papers Till Mr. Cotton capers. And run my fingers through ray hair, Till my fellow-members stare, 'Tis to show that I'm aa true As my ' good old English' brew. The Hon. Mr. ' Say Litble' followed :— I'm called the Council's mate, Which name 1 can't refute, For I prefer to grace my seat, And so seldom Rain my feet. The stock tax I defended, And on it my ' gas' expended. I bark to all that's said And quietly scratch my head. But now my words are o'er, As I've no more in atore. The Hon. Mr. 'Bloeker' then fired forth :— By some I'm thought a bore, But I'm true right to the core. - Although I'm pietty old I've never once been sold; And yet I talk each day, None know much what I say. I have a voice that's weak, But I at times can rage and shriek. My great and universal topic 1 ' Blocks,' on which I grow quite tropic ; And when the members jeer I don't pretend to hear. Now let me cry 'tis done, Both speech and members' fun, But oli/rarchy I must add, Or I'll regain my seat quite sad. The reporter evidently thoughb his ' turn' waa up, as he had written annexed to the lasb speeen: — Mr. ? follows. A cartoon embellished the bottom of the slip, three members being contained in ib. The ' point-of-crder man/1 sitting on the air-conductor— and, according to appearances, the curtenfc was playing aad havoo with hia traditional hair— was represented to be exer cising his lung-power on a collossal wind instrument. Another legislator entitled 'Ob- jector-General,' seated on a black beaver hat, was flourishing and keeping time with a poker. These two gentlemen wero characteristically broughb oub in the 'study,' and were sup posed to be accompanying their friend 'Bloeker' in his song and dance, 'Round the Town— Oh ! What a Difference in the Morning.' In the distance waa to be seen the messenger, bearing in his arms a weighty barrel which waa labelled 'cold ten,' and on which the hon. 'poinb-of-order gentle man'' had his oyes intently fixed. The scribe had reeled over, and, reolining on the leather cushion, was having a wholesome and refresh ing aleep. I hadn't the courage to awaken him, afraid that I wouldn't be able to give to his aatisfaction an explanation of our aituation. I played the part of the 'copy boy' and pocketpd his unique ' copy.' 