DRESS OF THE DAY. A new model for an evening cloak (a writer on Dress for the New Year," in the Standard, eavo) is of rich grey and black brocaded satin, with a large wide collar, with boa, and fronts of black Thibet lamb or astrachan, the softer, looser wool having the Iest appearance. This cloak is fur-lined, and reaches down to the feet, covering the gown. A shorter half length opera cloak, of white brocaded velvet, lined with golden-brown satin, has the upright collar, and fronts of the new Visor fur, which much resembles marten-tail, and is becoming very fashionable for trimming purposes, for wl ich its anwers very well. COIFORT.ADLD EZYLI1G COLLAfDTT1. A' collarette of white Thibet lamb for makes a charming addition to evening dress, and willbefound cosily warm and comfortable. A mixture of colours forms the most striking features in the latest lParisian creations in millinery. Either the flowers are of different colours, or the rosettes of ribbon of different colours. Thus, in one model, pench colour, vert d'can, and rose de Chino are the colours used for the narrow satin ribbon I rosettes; in another, blue, pink, and grey. Feather crowns, lined, of course, are another featuro; black I ostrich feathers over heliotrope velvet, wide strings of this colour coming from the back, and thu raised brim lined with the velvet drawn in full pleats, the tips of the ftethers falling over and forming anl edging to tho brim over the forehead. Another bonnet is a sort of beef-eater shaped mass in dark blute velvet, with pale pink and greyish green rosettes of frayed ouat silk, the strinvs being of thebo volvet. Awhile terry veliet bonnet, withI white ostrich feather crown, was charming. In this, the veliet wans full i:side the front of the brim, anda diamond buttertly set adorned the folds to the left side. A striped white velvet honnet t was. studded over on the left side with sparkling jet butterllies, the wide silk strings, celt on the cross, fastened by the sameaornaments. Black satin hats, in qulite a no? e shape, are fashionable. ThIey have brims lifted on one side, and are simply trimined with either black or coloured ostrich feathers on the crown. One of the smartest, and, at the same time, cosiest, of driving coals is mado of line sealskin, and has a deep roll collar, which iau either be turned up to protect the back of the neck and ears, or turned down, shownhg the scarf. This coat is cast double breasted, fastening with large tortoise-shell buttons, with loose, straigt back, and long, straight sleeves, set in rather high and full on the shoulders. Its loose fit makes it very comfortable to drive in, and yet does not interfere with its style. For a wrap worn over the habit when driving to cover it is most convenient.: The same shaps in a soft, thick, rough fawn cloth, with roll collar of beaver lined with squirrel or somne rarm material, is, of course, less expensive, and answers the same purpose ; tho buttons i for this would be either of bone matching the cloth, or pearl. These are only three-quarter length coats. STYLIS! ASTUACILIA JACKET. High cellars and shoulders maintain their popularity, and for jackets and cloaks are made much in this fashion. We present a sketch from a Regent street chop window of a seasonable and warm astrachan three-quarter jacket. Bodices for tweed gowns are (llddona Ladies' Journal says) comparatively plain in make, some times tight-fitting in Newmarket form, sometimes with a deep tabbed h, sque, while those opening to ehow- a waist of another material are extremely emart. For hbme gowns greater scope is allowed, and these bodices are in many cases of the corselet make, with the upper part full. Where two materials are employed, or where the material is to be trimmed with passement- rie, velvet, or fur, the corselet bodice is in high favour. Among the pretty belts shown this season is the Swiss shape in velvet, beaded and jewelled most elaborately, and finished with a deep beaded fringe. The long Newmarket jacket is very serviceable in cold weather; one of the newest models is in tweed in brown and blue check, the blue being very faint. This is lined with a soft woolly material, it is loose in the back, fitting in very slightly to the waist, with one pleat and buttons on the back seams. The collar is a deep roll, the sleeres made with deep cuffs. Asoft hat of the same material, with wing feathers,.looks well worn with it. WoEss take part in the discussions of Wisconsin farmers' clubs. TuE editor of the Port Plain Register has his oftiee and register connected by telephone. Yesterday uMr. Skidd, of Little Falls, an old friend, called on the editor and expected to remain for dinner. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: "Mr. Skidd will be up with me to dinner, lay an extra plate." " Now," said the editor," Mr. Skidd, you may converse with her." As the gentleman was about to approach the instrument these words were plainly heard: "You tell Mr. Skidd we don't keep a hotel on wash-day." Mr. Skidd excused him self for a few moments, and was next seen eating fried clams in the Rainbow Saloon on the corner. Tau following verdict was given in writing by the foreman of a coroner's jury in Nebraska : " ~e areof A Pinion that the Decent met with hir death from Violant Infirmation in the Arm prdust from sum XNni Cause:' Tir, speaker is a tall, parchment-faced woman carryingmany bundles, and accompanied by a poodle dog and a little man, who looks unhappy enough to be her husband. She appears at the door ofa smok ing carriage. "Quite full, madam," says one of the occupants. " No, sir, there is room for one, and land my husband will sit in it." She sniffs, and exclaims, fiercely, " James, it is a smoking carriage." "Yes, my love," replies the husband, humbly. "I wont go in there." "Madam," says the solemn gentleman, rising in his seat," one moment; we will express our regrets; my brothers, three cheers, subdued cheers, please, so as not to shock the lady's nerves." They cheered, and she slammed the door. Susser Cox made rather a good point on Judge Kelley, of Pennsylvania, when he called him the "per turbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Kelley received the hit with a pig-ironical smile. Tesausos declines an offer of 5000 dols. from an enterprisiug American for a poem in which a tragedy is averted by "liaxxns Bitters." We despise a man sno'll fool away such a chance of making money. Send Rixx to us.-B-oston Paper 