Tlie Nun and Lady oi' Watt on, BY HENEY tEITH. All RigMe Reserved* 'What a charming zoom! And a nice queer staircase!' exclaimed a visitor to Wattpn, one autumn day* ' Whither does that lead?' ' ' Oh, the stair used to lead down to fhei moat. In old, days this was a very de sirable apartment. The secret stair was in demand for fugitives, no doubt.' ' You can hardly call that a secret stair,' said the newcomer. 'It is plain enough. 'Whereis the secret?' , ' 'Oh, it is secret, nevertheless. Shut your eyes for a moment, turn round thrice, and then find the staircase 1' The visitor smiled, shut her eyes as re quested, and turned round three times. ' Now I am opposite the staircase again, I know,' she said. ' May I open my eyes?' ' Certainly,' was the reply. « g ' There is the staircase. No — there I Eh I No — why, where is it ? It was plain enough a moment ago. I have made a mistake; it's behind me! No! Why, where is it?'' The hostess laughed pleasantly. ' You can hardly call th^t a secret stair, you know,' she replied, repeating her friend's remark. ' It is plain enough!' But where is the secret?' , ' Don't tease, dear. I confess you have puzzled me. Surely the opening is con cealed here P' The younger lady touched the wainscot at the place at which she fancied the open ing had been. But no spring responded to her touch. ' What is the secret ?' continued her hostess, who was greatly amused. -« Can not you penetrate such a transparent mys tery as that ? How absurd I' ' I will find it out, if 1 remain here all the afternoon 1 I mean if I remain up in this room all the time I shall discover it.' ' 'Hardly. We shall want you at tea, and certainly must see you at dinner,' replied her hostess. ' Then you will tell me the secret?' ** Why, whit can you mean? You can not call that a secret, surely ?' was the satirical reply. ' You are very unkind,' was the retort with assumed indignation. ** I will find it out. May I sleep here ?' ' If you wish, and are not afraid.' ' Afraid ! Nonsense I Afraid of anyone coming up that stair, do you mean ?' ' Well, yes j but if you would like to have this room during your star, pray occupy it.' ' I will,' replied the young lady. « It is a beautifully quaint room, panelled too j such charming wainscoating. Yes, this is the room for me. I will find out the secret stairway. There is a panel, is there not ?' ' Yes j in the oak is a spring, and one of the panels forms the door. You will never discover it. This room was, no doubt, a 'hiding hole' for priests and other fugi tives. There are numerous such places, but few so spacious and roomy as this, though it is small.' ' Never mind, it will suit me splendidly. I will make it my business to penetrate' your little mystery. I dare say I shall hear of a ghost next. Come in.' . A knock at the.; door announced a ser vant who had come up in response to- a summons by the hostess, who unperceived had rung the bell. ' Oh, Cayley, Miss Morris will sleep here, instead of in the bluerOom. Bring up her trunks, please.' The servant looked at Miss Morris, as we shall call her here, in some surprise, but made no remark. She received her orders and departed quietly. ?? xnat's settled then,' remarked her hostess. -' Now, suppose -^e go downstairs. ?You will have pleniy of dme to practise the pressing of the. pauti spring, and may eventually find it. Indeed, you are sure to do so — the secret is so very palpable.' ' You're a wretch,' was ttie playful reply. ' But I will find out all about that room ; it is charmingly mysterious, and delightfully « creepy;' a splendid apart ment for a family ghost.' The hostess m.ade no reply to this obser vation. She only smiled and. nodded in a playful manner to her guest. Miss Morris accompanied her downstairs. The remain ler of the day and the evening passed very pleasantly at Watton Abbey, aB the house is now designated. It » as then a school house occupied ~in the holi days by some temporary tenants, who took it for the vacation, previously to Its trans formation into a permanent dwelling house for a private family, t We do not wish to attempt to identify any individuals,5 nnr? tiobiI nnf, An no. The picturesque building known now as Watton Abbey was formerly a wealthy priory. Watton is a small place between Beverley and Drifiield, in Yorkshire, and the soil is redolent of antiquity. There are few or no traces of the original priory remaining — the old stones of the establish-* ment having been utilised to rebuild o* repair Beverley Minster. But Watton Priory was of very ancient foundation. The name is indicative of dampness — for wet-town, humida villa, seems to be the derivation. However, wet or dry, Eustace Fitz-John founded the abbey, or rather refounded it, for the original priory had been demolished by the Danes about A.D. 870. There were 13 canons, and 36 nuns of the Gilbertine order, an order founded by Gilbert of Semperingham, and partaking of a modi fication of the Benedictines and Augus tines. This and much more information Miss Morris obtained' during the evening oon oerning the old priory, and surmised that many legends were connected with the 'neighborhood, and even with the com paratively modern abbey in which she was a guest. She learned how the Gil bertine nuns and canons were *' disestab lished1' by Henry VIII. The site o£ the abbey, or priory^ 'was granted by Edward VI. to John, Earl of Warwick. James con ferred it on Sis Thomas Earlkyn, from whom the property passed, to the JBethells, It isoomposed. of brick and stone, and of the Tudor period, surrounded by ancient trees, and quite secluded.' The old nun nery, separated from the priory by a party wall, was converted^ into stables, and- is known as ' The Nuns ' enclosure. Not long,ago many remains of defences Jwere existent. The abbey. is^paoioBiaandrbomy, . and teadition tells of a secret j-a8Ba$r$ be tween the conreht and a holy well, where the nuns performed wonderful cures. Miss Morris, having satisfied herself concerning the antiquities of the abbey of which many pages might be written, went upstairs to her own apartments. The fire was burning brightly, and the oandles were quickly lighted. Her hostess had not sent a maid upstairs, and Miss Morris was about to ring the bell, when she perceived that someone had already lain down in her bed, and left it tumbled. She had mistaken the room, perhaps. No; she was certain that the room was the same. The panels and windows told her so much. But the bed had certainly been disturbed, and looked as if someone had rested in it. Miss Morris stood irresolute. She did not like to make any disturbance so late ; the servants had probably all retired to bed, but on the other hand the young lady did not care to sleep in tumbled sheets. What could she do? After a pause she took a candle and care fully inspected the bedding. All, of course, was perfectly clean and unsoiled, though apparently tumbled. Appaiently, we say ; for after a minute inspection, Miss Morris came to the conclusion that no one could have slept, or even lain down, on the bed ! The maid had perhapB turned down the bed in the dark, and so tumbled the sheets. Still the effect was peculiar. The chime of midnight aroused Miss Morris from her reverie. She replaced her candle on the toilette table, and without^ troubling herself about the secret panel long, she undressed and got into bed. She had not succeeded in discovering the secret spring in the wainscot, but she remembered whereabouts the staircase was, and placed her chair and a small trunk in front of it. After awhile she slept. The night was calm; nothing disturbed her rest. She slept, and woke up naturally, as it seemed ; but was so wide awake in a moment that s ie was surprised. There was some faint light in the room ; a kind of very subdued moonlight, which doubtless emanated from the slits in the curtain. But in this kind of penumbra Miss Morris was conscious of a figure looking at her. Her first impression was that she waB mistaking a shadow for a form, and sat up to satisfy her eyes and other senses that the impression was only transitory. But the longer she looked the more confirmed she became in her first idea. There was somebody there! A female form became more and more de fined at the foot of the bed ! As the girl gazed in gradually augumenting fear and horror, she discovered that the figure was holding a baby in her arms, and slie, the mother of the chjlld, had no visible head ! But at the same moment, by some entirely unaccountable freak of nature, Mies Morris was able to recognise some traces of features ' in the air,*' so to speak, and quite unconnected with the neck and shoulders of the woman nursing the baby in hei arms ! The features thus revealed re sembled those of a portrait in the ante room. To the horror of the girl she, by degrees, began to perceive that the ghostly visitor had blood upon her clothes. Fascinated, Miss Morris could not move. She could not cry out ; her tongue refused to form any syllable, and her lips 'declined to uttei a sound. There she sat in bed afraid to stir, unable to speak, while all the time — two or three terrible minutes — the woznan — the Shape — stood motionless. Miss Morris at length summoned hei courage and moved ; the spectre did not stir. She moved again ; and then the Headless, shrouded torm slowly vanished into the gloom of the chamber. No sooner had it gone than Miss Morris rose, struck a light, and inspected the apartment. Nothing was disturbed. The panels were all fixed as before j the chair and the trunk were there as she had left them ; the door was locked, the room empty of any disturbing cause. The mys tery was apparently inexplicable. ' This is a trick,' murmured the young lady. ' I am satisfied that it is some little plot. Well, we shall see. A stupid joke!' Nevertheless, she kept a candle alight during the remainder or the night and only sank into a restful sleep when the gxey dawn assured her of protection. Miss Morris was astir in good time, how ever. She had no intention of appearing at breakfast late, or in any way disturbed. She dressed carefully, and then having some minutes to spare before she need descend, she carefully examined the wainscot, and searched for the panel spring. But all her seeking was fruitless. No trace of door or spring could she find ; and. at length, somewhat out of { temper, she descended to the breakfast- ' room, in obedience to the loud-tongued bell. She had made up her mind not to refer to the mysterious visitor of the night, but she quickly perceived that she was an object of some little curiosity to her hos tess, who alone was aware of the situation of her apartment. But Miss Morris made' no remark. She ate her breakfast without in any way betraying her secret, but all ? the while determined to ' speak her mind' when opportunity offered. The occasion soon came. After break fast she found herself alone with her hostess. Miss Morris was engaged in writing a letter, when her friend came in. ' Well, dear, did you find the secret door?' was the smiling question, put so innocently and without any appearance of mischief that Miss Morris felt aggrieved. ' No, I did not,' she replied, somewhat shortly. ' But I think that your practical jokes are certainly ill- timed, to say the least.'! .:' ' . ' ' She turned to her writing again after delivering this shot, and did not see the expression of her^oompanipn's face. ' I am afraid that I am very stupid this morning,' was the reply in a colder tone. ** To what practical joke do you refer P' : ' Do you mean to tell me that you did not play me a trick last night by means «f .your secret staircase ? Why the thing is as plain as possible.' - **Not to me/' was the reply. «t hope we are more alive to the duties of hos pitality than to disturb our guests at night —or at any other time,' replied the lady. * Pray explain.' , *? Then yon did not play ghost P' asked Miss Morris, turning sound and facing her hostoBB. - ' *' Certainly not I' was the indignant xe ' **~And you are not aware of anyone who mightnavedoneed?'. ..-/,., :.-_., 'Certainly not. Save yon Seen any thing f I watched you carefully during breakfast, but perceived no signs of agita tion. ' Come, tell me. Did you see the Ghost?' . ' Then there . is a Ghost. Yes, Fsaw a Shape clearly. A woman, apparently head less, and yet some strange undefined like ness seemed present. I cannot explain it cleary, but I saw something distinctly. A A woman carrying a ch^ld, bleeding and dishevelled, stood motionless by my bed and then suddenly vanished. Is the room haunted? ' So 'tis said. I have never, seen nor heard anything. But we understand that that wrssm vr&& haunted. You remember I asked yoa if you were afraid to occupy it?' '* Yes j but there is some trick, surely. Why should a ghost, if there be such a. thing, come to me P' 'It is supposed to haunt the room. I will tell you the story exactly. Some* people hav^ seen, one figure and some another. There are two spectres re ported.' .«? Oh, let me hear the tale ! No time like1 the present. We are alone now, and I am full of curiosity.' 'Well,' replied her hostess, seating herself, ?« I must first assure you that we are no parties to any trickery. The figure has been seen before ; it is quite harmless, and is in no degree annoying. But a terrible and true tale is associated with the ancient nunnery. I need not enter into details of it. Suffice it to say that a nun once forgot her vows, fell in love, and was discovered. She was, as well as her lover, cruelly punished ; and her spirit, carrying her infant, still moves, restless, through the precincts of the abbey. She is known locally as the * Headless Nun.' ' ?? Poor thing,' sighed Miss Morris with ready sympathy. « But is the other ghost alao headlesB ?' ' Yes ; whether there are two spectres, as some people aver, or only one I cannot positively su$ . The account of the head less lady is a matter of history, and there can be no doubt about some apparition. The story is as follows : ' In the time of the unfortunate King Charles, and after the fight of Marston Moor, a partv of Roundheads came nlnn dering and threatening slaughter through the Ridings. In the course of their grace less pilgrimage they lighted on Watton Abbey, then tenanted by a devoted Royalist, and a fervent Roman Catholic, family. The Lord of Watton was absent on duty { bound, serving the King, when the band of Puritan eoJdiers came to the neighborhood of the abbey. ' The Lady of Watton had no defence. Her few servants could not protect her from the armed and bigoted band of men who were approaching from Drifiield. Moreover her child was but an infant ; she could not carry him away in safety, and she would not desert her charge, her hus band's house and property. ' Messengers came back with the dread ful news that the Roundheads were pillaging and slaying all they could reach. No quarter was extended to 1;h'e « malig- nants,' and those of: the old faith were most hardly dealt with, as you may imagine. The chatelaine did not know what to do, but at length she shut herself up with her infant in the room you occu pied last night, with her jewels and pos sessions, having carefully concealed the plate and other valuables elsewhere. ' The Roundheads were not long in coming. They demanded admission, but were refused. The stout doors reBisted their efforts ; they had no means to batter the portal down, withal, and were appar ently foiled, when one party, whose vision was quicker than the other,, espied yonder arch by the moat.-' A consultation resulted in a search ; and by the archway they dis covered the secret passage which leads up to the room. ' They could perceive the stair, but haA no means of crossing the mo&t;, until they sought out an old boat in the reeds. In that they put i-ff, and shoved them selves across the water, with their partisans. Up the secret stair they pressed, and Boon reached the panel which terminates it. Of course it was fastened securely. A loud demand for ad mission was unheeded. In a few momentB \ the panel was dashed in, and the lady was - discovered kneeling before a little shrine I and imploring the protection of the Virgin. ' This maddened the bigoted Round heads, who swarmed into the room, furious and covetous ; but the lady of Watton calmly rose from her knees, her child in her 1 arms, and scornfully demanded the reason j for their intrusion. ' *. What do ye here ?' she cried. « Depart if ye be men, and leave me in peace I' i ' « Not eo,' replied the spokesman with ' much unction and assumed sanctity. * We j have come hither in the name of the Lord, to spoil the Egyptians ; to smite to the earth the worshippers of false gods and idols^ and to clear out the abominations of the heathen.' ** * Begone, ye wolves in sheep's clothing, ye mockers of all that is holy* Your step is a profanation to the house ! You das- ! tard crew, ?who slay the unprotected and the aged, and plunder the innocent and defenceless. For shame 1 Cowards as ye are, you blaspheme your Maker. Begone !' ' This defiance, hurled so scornfully at the Roundheads, who hands were already crimson with murder, rendered them still more savage. . \ *« Silence, spawn of Satan ! Be advisea, nnd rail not. We will not harm you, off epringof the Scarlet Woman though you! be, if you respect the anointed 4-f the Lord* ♦nd deliver : up your possessions.- Your keys* woman of Belial, and be silent.' ;««* Never 1. wretches, murderers, that you jBre! I will proolaim your infamy with my latest breath! Oh, If but my -dear Tmeband were present he would chase you all like sheep before him. Bobbers, marauders 1 Go 1 You shall none ^bf my possessions 1' : *?? Hold -your tongue,* whispered one, ?seizing her arm roughly. ? ? We brook not eueh language. Where are your valua bles?' '_ , «** Seek them yourselves— ^sflnd them if yon can, jon canting crew. Ana 1 JTind ^them, you cowards, villains]' ' ; -'? I '* Stand aside J Mow down the soornful Jade — the woman of Belial. Slay her even with the sword, and cast her-,i-ody toitheV dogs, jBlay the devil's spawn. Give place J « The murderous R4uaohea4.8 needed j little incitement.; One caught the unoon^ scious infant from his mother's arms, and swinging it by its legs, dashed it against the wall, while the rest of the band fell upon the distracted lady and hewed her head off, after dealing her many wounds. She fell beside her dead child upon the crimsoned floor, and the Roundheads, having destroyed the shrine, and pillaged the apartments, dispersed about the abbey, seeking plunder. The terrified* servants fled in all directions ; the bold Puritans ate, drank, destroyed, and pillaged, carry ing off all they could convey of plate and plunder before nightfall. They did not Ifire the mansion, but quitted it, dismantled, leaving in the wainscotted chamber up-, stairs the headless woman and her mur dered infant child.' ... «* That is the story,' concluded the nar rator, after a pause, ' and a terrible tale it is. The unfortunate 4ady of Watton still haunts the scene of her death, and if you wish I will now Bhow you the secret staircase leading to the old moat, now filled up.' Miss Morris remained silent for awhile. At length she rose and followed her hostess up the stairs to the apartment in which the terrible incidents related had taken place. N Her conductor, scarcely pausing, pressed her finger against a particular portion of the grafting of the oak. The panel flew open, and disclosed a worn and winding flight of steps leading down to the level of the moat. ' There is the secret,'' said the hostess. ' You need not descend — there is nothing to see. But this room has a strange history : if its panelled walls could cry out, they would tell us many a dismal tale of hiding and of search, of fugitive and pri soner!' ~ ' And so this is the haunted room ?' mused Miss Morris. ' It is very singular. I am positive I saw the ghost. You must bear me witness that I knew nothing of the character of the apartment when I volunteered to occupy it.' ' No : I do not think you possibly could have heard of it. There is the portrait — it is considered to be the likeness of the un fortunate lady who was so ruthlessly mur dered by the soldiers.' ' Indeed!' exclaimed Miss Morris, cross ing to the other side of the room to inspect the painting. ' Very curious ! But 1 want the explanation of another curious circum stance. How was it that I found my bed clothes so tumbled when I came upstirs last night ?' ' Were they disturbed P' asked the hoBtees, quickly. ' Much tumbled ?' ' Yes ; as if someone had attempted to get into the bed. Pardon me, but your housemaid is not remarkable for her skill in arranging beds !' ' It wae not her fault,' was the unex pected reply. ' It was the warning of the Headless Lady I' ' Do you mean ? ' began the visitor. ' I mean this : Many times, when no one has occupied the room, and when no sheets are on the bed, we have found the bed clothes disarranged as if someone has slept within them. Tradition ea s that the Headless Nun, or the ill-fated lady and her infant, come hither and rest in the old Ipartment. But this has not bepr: before in my time. The Gbost has not disturbed ns, and we only know of it by hearsay. But all the facts in connection with the place are in your possession. Will you pome down again now ?' Miss Morris assented, and, with a sweep jing glance, took her farewell of the apart ment sacred to the memory of the apparition of the Lady of Watton, 