THE MERMAID AT RYE. CHAPTER, I. "the tales which they tell." It is a' picturesque spot, that ancient town of Rye, when the river runs full at tho base of tho rock on which it stands, and the little fishing-boats, with their red-brown patched sails, swim down on tho tide to the sua. But when tho tido has run out, and the mud-banks fill the river's bed in a long grey line to the now distant sea, tho old town, with its narrow, steep streets and small, close-packed houses, crowned with the low square tower of the ancient church, lookB desolate indeed. ..So thought Ned Mnrix as, on a chilly November afternoon, ho made his way ilowly.up into tho town from the station, through a drizzle of rain which made the vough stones slippery, and pattered down from tho overhanging eaves of the houses. This was his first visit to Rye, and he seemed likely to get no enthusiastic wel come. He had asked his way to " tho best inn," and having been told rather pointedly that " tho principal hotel was the Bull in the High-street," ho perceived that ho had gone near to wounding the town's suscepti bilities, and that in losing its importance it bad not lost its dignity. , Ned was at least ablo to thank the fates, however, that tho Bull proved to bo no re splendent modorn hostelry, " re-erected with all modern improvements," but a plain and by.no means extensive building which fully carried out tho promise held forth in its advertisement in the guide-book. " This house has for many years enjoyed the repute of being clean, sweet, and comfortable." Tho very first steps- ho- mado along the narrow entrance passage raised his spirits. A fresh-faced countrywoman stood at the door of a room on the right; at tho end of the passage he saw a cosy, old-fashioned bar ; a huge grandfather's clock ticked loudly somewhere in tho dim recesses of oak- panelled passages in the background. "Good day," said he to the waitress. The very fact that there was no dingy waiter about warmed one's soul. " Can I have something to eat? A chop— any thing. " " Yes, air. - This way, if you please, sir." She was quite peremptory in her manner as she diverted him from his purpose of eptoring tho room on tho right, and insisted on his going into tho coffee-room on the left Ned felt that Bhe was too autocratic. For in that apartmont on the right, which bore the words " Commercial .Room," and into which, therefore, as a public room, he had every right to go, there was a big well-filled bookcase, and— a golden-haired girl. Now, Ned was an artist, and endowed, like other artists, with susceptibilities as to golden hair which made oven a tinge of flaxen or auburn a joy to him. . The hair he had just soen made him long to get at his palette ; lib felt that he must see that girl, he must know her, ho must paint her if he had to stay in Ryo six , months to do it, Meanwhile, ho. was in the tiny coffee-room, waiting for his dinner, with nothing hotter than last week's local newspaper to amuse himself with. Ho would go and ask tho goldon-hairea youngi lady for a book. So he crossed the passage into tho commercial room. EjThe girl, who was sitting close under tho bookcaso studying a volume open on her knee, looked up. Something iu her very glance Bhowed at once that she was adorably unused to meeting strangers. She was not shy, or awkward, but she was surprised. "If you want anything will you please ring tho bell in tho coffeo-room and the waiters will como ?" she said. Tho words were a snub, but tho grey eyes were kind. Ned retreated to the door, but said humbly : " I beg your pardon. But I oamo to ask if you would be kind enough to lend me a hook." " I am sure MrB, Richmond will. I'll go and ask her." Oh dear, this was not what he wanted at all ; a portly landlady descending upon him, with open suspicious as to the genuineness of his avidity for literature 1 " Pray don't tako that trouble," said Ned. She was already at tho door. But before Bhe could open it the waitress had entered in search of the travoller. ." Your chop is ready for you in the coffee-room, sir," she said, rather severely. "Oh, Martha, is Mrs. Richmond in? ThiB gentleman wants a book." Martha looked at him sharply: "Mrs. Richmond is out, but I'm sure you'd be very welcome to a. book, if there's any there will suit you." " I should like somo local history, if there is Buch a thing ; some book that tells about tho old placop in and around tho town, and tho stories told of them." " The stories 1" echoed tho golden-haired girl, with a laugh ; " you must ask Martha heraelf for those. She knows more than the books toll." ' - " Oh, what I know is mostly pass in, and nothing much to tell anybody," protested Alartha, softening. "That is exactly what I like to hear— tlio gossip," said Ned. " What the people say about a house or a church influences one's thoughts as one looks at it, and gives it a speeial atmosphere. And that is every thing to us painters.'' " Oh, are you an artist ?" asked tho young lady, with great interest. ' That is what my father was before his eyes grew weak. He thinks just as you do of tho stories ; and lie writes about them, too. He says there is no history of this place that an intelligent person can read without weeping. So ho is writing ono, and I am helping him." The girl — she could not have been more than nineteen — glanced at Martha, as if afraid she had been too communicative to a stranger. But tho waitress, who was a mass of prejudices, had just made up her mind that the newcomer was "a gentleman, every inch of him," and unbent accordingly. " And I may mako bold to say I've helped Air. Hennell, too," sho said. "Fori was with him nearly threo hours the other day, telling him word for word, as it was told to me tho story of the murders at the Old Mer maid." " Murders at the Old Alermaid ! " echoed Ned, with voluptuous enjoyment. ".Tell me, too, please. I love p good murder, es pecially if it's not too anciont. How old is yours ?" " Why, they both of tliem happened in my time. I've been here nine years." The waitress, who was evidently a per sonage of importance iu tho inn, with ex- tensivo powers, was melting, She advanced to the fire, stirred the coals into a roaring blaze, and wheeled a 'chair round for the gentleman. Ned took his seat with his back to the murky afternoon daylight, whero ho could from time to time cast a slyly admir ing glance at the demuro young girl in the corner. " Well," Martha began, " we don't always call them murders. For, to say truth, they were more than murders — they wore mysteries. There's a couplo of very old houses in Rye that wore once an inn, called the Alermaid. That was long before my time. When first I came to Ryo tho place had been empty and neglected, and all to pieces for nigh'on two years. Then it was done up and divided into two houses, for it was too big for anyone about hero to take as it was. And one house was taken by a shoe maker, a most respectablo man, with a wife and family, who have it now. The other house didn't go off for a bit, and at last they turned if into a hospital. Bat one night— it was about Christmas time, I re member, and the viear preached about it, and it cast a damp over everything — a poor tnan that was lying in one of the rooms with a broken leg shrieked nut for help. Before the nurse that was in charge could get to tho room, however, tho poor fellow was dead. It wa3 found that he had been choked by a great piece of plaster, like that they do ceilings with. The question was who had done it ? There was nobody about the houso except the curse, and a woman lying in another room, who was paralysed, and could not leavo her bed. Then, again, where did the plaster come from. There was no ceiling to any ono of the rooms ; tho timbers were just white-wushed, and there wasnp plaster used, sq.tlie piece found in his throat could not havo fallen from the roof into his mouth wliilo he slept, as someone suggested. Well, it was n mystery, and there was an end of it — nt least bo we thought. Then that room was not used again for a long time. But in October of tho year after thoro was a great storm, and a shipwrecked crew of a fishing smack were brought into Rye. There being nobody in the hospitnl at the time, the poor fellows were put up there. You see they were strangers, and had never heard the story. Just picture to yourself what we all felt next day when wo found that one of the men lmd died in the night in exactly the same way as the first. There were two other men sleeping in the room who wore wakened by hearing their comrade choking and gasp ing for breutli. They could just seo him in tho darkness, so they said, struggling with a woman in black, who waved her arms about over him and disappeared, leaving him stark dead. Never was such -a sensation known in. Rye before or since. Tho place was haunted, so everyone said. It was a carious thing though if it was a ghost that did those murders that a purse which the sailor had by his pillow, and which held two sovereigns, had disappeared. Of course, one of his com panions may have stolen it, but then it was they who gave tho information that lie had this money upon him. Then the poor paople next door .were suspected, because the attio over the hospital was part of their premises, being used by tho shoemaker as a store- place. But besideB that ho and his family were known to be honest and as harmless as doves, there was no way by which any humun being could force himself botween the rafters. So there tho matter ended, and I don't suppose the houso will ever let again." . "Well, I confess that even the excite ment of trying to ferret out the mystery would hardly tempt me to a place with such associations," said Ned, rising reluctantly from tho comfortable armohoir. " But can you tell me whero I shall be likely to fiud a couple of rooms, both very clean, and one very large, in which I can take up my quarters for two or three months?" Alartha shook her head. "You had best stay here, sir, I think," she said. " There are no lodgingB that I know of in Rye which would suit a gentle man." "I shall havo to find some to suit me, though," said Ned. " I can't afford hotels. I shall bo out sketching all day, so it really doesn't much matter what tho accommoda tion is liko. I must bo off on tho tramp to look for them now before it is dark. May 1 leave my bag here until I am settled ? The rest of my things I left at tho station." Alartha at once gave tho required per- mission ; and Ned, taking loave ofhorjand of tho goldon- haired Aliss Hennell, went forth reluctantly into tho dreary streets of the old town. It was already nearly dark, and the rain was now falling heavily, rushing down the steep streets as if they had been only gutters, and splashing up round tho un happy stranger at every step Ho found his search, us Alartha had predicted, difficult indeed. Nobody scorned to lot lodgings — at least nobody who looked clean, aud who had loss than six babies. Before his wander- ingH wore over it was so dark that ho could not read the names of tho streets. At last, however, he saw in a window a card witli the words, "Furnished lodgings. Apply at No. 3." With some difficulty, for tho houses were not numbered, lie found No. 3. A bright- faced young woman, with a baby in her arms, oponcd tho door, and on learning what ho wanted, fetched the koy, and trotted over to tho Bhut-up houso with great alacrity. As ho followed her Ned got a hotter view of tho cxtorior of tho house, and was delighted by what ho saw. Both tho shut-up house and the ono next to it had their upper storoys built of timber ; each room of tho two lower storeys was lighted by a lattice window from end to end. Each house had two pointed overhanging gables, and both were roofed with tiles. Tho young artist's heart glowed within him ; if he had searched for a week ho could not have found a dwelling more to his mind. "How is it that this splendid old placo is shut up?" ho asked, as his conductress turned tho key in tho lock. "Because there's rnoro houses in Ryo than there's people to livo in 'em, I suppose," sho answered with a laugh, us she led the way through the narrow and baro entrance- passage into a lurge room on tho right. "It's all quite clean," sho continued. "It's me' who has charge of tho place, and I swept it out only two days ago. Dear, dear, I ought to havo brought n light 1 If you'll wait here, sir, I'll fetch one." Nod did not want to see anything more before making up his mind. Tho great low- ceilinged room, with its long window and wide window- scat, its enormous old-fas hioned hourth, in which a tiny modern grato looked oddly out of place, wero so many irresistible charms to him. Tho scantiness of tho furniture did not matter to him ; ho wanted Bpacc, air, and light, and these ho had in ubundancc. "Stay," he said, as the woman was running off. "I shall tako the placo if you will got somebody to do my cooking and cleaning, and if you don't want tho rent of Buckingham Palace." Tho woman shook her head and laughed again. " What do you say to seven shillings a week, sir ? " "I should say it was not ruinous." "Aim 1 could do for you myself, sir, if you're not too particular about tho cook ing." "I'm not. You shall do for mo. Will you please begin by making me a firo, and getting mo a couple of candles, and lending me a kettle ? I'm a very accomplished fel low, and can make my own tea." In less thun half an hour Ned had fetched his bag from tho Bull, and the rest of his |uSR'lga from tho station, and wns sitting in the high wooden rooking chair before tho fire, already wishing that the grate wero a jittle bigger, and thut ho had a companion in that big room. Tho picturesque and romantic always have another side — a lone some and uncanny side. There wero noises in the rafters ; . wooden wainscoting has a habit of creating and cracking ; old houses have nooks aud crannies made for tho wind to whistle in. Ned listened to these noises, and to the pattering of the rain on the lat ticed panes, und wondered whether the street was always as empty and deserted as it seemed to be to-night. He had thought ho should be so cosy in the wide chimney- corner, but instead he found it draughty enough to make his hair stand on end. At last he got up, and, for the firac time, made a tour of the premises. There wero four rooms, two upstairs and two on the ground floor. His sitting-room was the only one that contained a fireplace, and only two out of the four could be called fur nished. There was no garden, but there wus an untidy yard with a huge rain-tub at the back of the house. Tho .feeling that there was somethihg gruesome about the place grew stronger upon him as ho pasted from the one to the other of tho upper rooms and- heard tho wind howling above him. There must surely be an attio overhead, he thought, for the wind to make that noise 1 And then he remembered that he had seen from the street tho window of a second storey — tho one with the gables. But where was the way up into the attic? There was no stair case, no ladder. And then followed quickly another thought, so ugly, so unwelcome, that he felt wet and eold as it passed through his mind. That old inn, the Alermaid, where tho two men had died so mysteriously, hud an attio which belonged to tho adjoining house. Was this the very house ? He would go over to Airs. Rudge, at No. 3, or, better still, he would -go back to the Bull, and satisfy him self on this point. Tho next moment, however, he pulled himself together and scouted theso sugges tions of weakness. Ho would not have chosen, certainly, to take up his abode in a house with such an ugly history as that of the Mermaid ; but if ho had unwittingly done so, he was not goiug to show funk over it now. Ned returned to his sitting-room, however, iu a much leas comfortable frame of mind than that in which he had left it. He tried to koep up his spirits by whistling, find -to amuse himsolf by unpacking and arranging a few books on the shelves, with whieh the walls of the big room wero libe rally provided. But that took a very short timo, and a long evening still remained to be goo through. The rain came down moro heavily ; tho wind was growing more boisterous. Ned sat down in his rocking-chair, tried to get interested in a book, and finally, being very tired, fell into a doze, during whieh he was haunted by feverish, fragmentary dreams, in all of which the actual sounds going on around him, the dropping of tho ashes from tho fire, tho cracking of tho wainscoting, tho wind, the rain and the gnawing of mice, played a part. T,he caudles burned down to their sockets and flickered out ; the fire grew low and flame- less. Suddenly a burst of oold air'swept through tho room and awoke him. A cloud of smoke, beaten down by tho draught, rushed across from the chimney to the open door, almost blinding Ned, who sprang up from the rocking-chair with a cry. There before him, plainly to be seen through the smoke, by the dull glow of tho fire, was tho phantom of which lie bad been dreaming, the phantom which haunted the' Old Alermaid— the lady in black with tho waving arms. CHAPTER IT. "througii t1iequiet cp the midnight Hour." Ned Alarix staggered back, breathing with difficulty, trying to beat down tho smoko to see moro clearly. There was tho figure, however, human, feminine, with arms outstretched, Blowly advancing towards him. He did not speak ; but, turn ing to the table, felt with tremulous hands for the matchbox. Ho struck one, two, three matches ; he could not get a light ; perhaps his fingers shook too much. When at last he succeeded in holding a tiny flame aloft a second cry broko from his lips. Tho lady in black with the waving arms was no -phantom ; it was the golden-hairod girl ho had met at tho Bull. Her pretty face was full of distress. " I— I am afraid you will think it very strange that I — that I should come," she said, in a voice which betrayed that sho was full of alarm ; "but when I heard — where you wore— I felt that I must, that I ought to come. And I knocked and knocked at the door, but you did not hear, so I walked in." Ned's match had gone out, and her voice came to liim through the darkness. It seemed to him tho sweetest sound ho had ever heard. " You came all through the rain 1 " he stammered out. " Oil, I don't mind the rain. They ought to havo told yon. You must not Btay here. It is tho haunted house, the house where men die mysteriously, no ono knows how. This is the Old Mermaid." Nod foltno shook of horror, but a strango elation. He had indeed guessod whero ho was. But this anxiety, this interest on his account shown by a lovely girl, mado him foel that ho blessed tho chunco the story gave him of becoming something liko a second-rato Bort of hero in iier eyes. " Is it? " said he. " Well, thon, I havo a clianco of an adventure at last." "Oh, you will not stay hero. Roally— really it is not safe ! " " Really— really I moan to put tho mystery to tho test. And if I may have the pleasure of speaking to you aftar church to morrow morning, I will tell you tho result of my discoveries of tho night."' "You won't be ulivo to-inorrow morning if you sleep here." "I hope so. I shall bo on my guard, you know." " And — and — if you — if you should he safe, I could not spoak to you," she said, with much diffideiico aud hesitation, " For I shall be with my father, and ho is very strict. He only allows mo to go and read Airs. Richmond's books at tho Bull when tho visitor season is over. And I am for bidden to speak to strangers. But, of course, if you should bo thoro, I shall seo that you nro safe, and that will be some thing." Her ingenuousness was delightful to Ned, who was fumbling about madly for candles. At last he found the packet, aud thrust ono between the bars of tho grato. But this ac tion outraged his pretty visitor's senso of propriety. "You should nover light a candle like that," she said gravely, "It is untidy and wasteful. Seo how, you havo made it gutter." "I've got a light, though — that's tho great thing," said Ned. "Wo poor bache lors have to use rough and ready methods;" " Yes. " There was a pause. Ned could now see a flushed, fnir young face, surmounted by a soft ridge of hair in which tho raia-dropB hung ; a black hat and a long black cloak. The girl hlnshcd under his gaze, and moved towards the door. il 'Pusf> B now, " sho said. " Aly father will miss me. I am doing my market ing." Sho showed him her basket, with a shy look. Ned longed to offer to go with her, but refrained from taking advantage of her simplicity. " You will shako hands, won't you?" ho said, as lie got to her aide in a few strides. " And— let me thank you for— your— kind ness." She gave him her hand, with a laugh and a protest. Oh, it was not a kindness, she would havo done it for anybody. And she looked away. Then, with a shy smile, she looked up as if afraid that her words wore rather rude. As she let him shako hands again, Ned saw in her eyes that girlish look, full of curiosity, humility, excitement, glad ness, and innocent wistfulness, which shines only in the eyes of a maiaoti when sho looks for tho first timo into tho eyes of a man who may bo " tho " man, Ned felt light-headed when she had fled out of the room and pulled tho front door close behind her. He heard the wind'howl through tho passage; ho listoned to the quick patter of her feet along tho Btones ; he looked at the spot whero she had stood in tho old room. The house was now haunted for him indeed, but it was with a presence that made sunshine, perfume, music. He could not sit still for thinking about tho girl ; the gold of her hair still dazzled his eyes, tho notes of her voice filled his ears. By the timo he went upstairs to bed, after having found in the cupboard tho supper Airs. Rudge had provided, he had almost for gotten tho mystery of the house. However, it had to be reckoned with. Ned began by u thorough examination of the room. Tho furnituro was of the simplest kind, and afforded no possible hiding-place for a human being. There was no fireplace; the tiny lattice window closed properly from the inside ; the door had a strong bolt, which he carefully drew. Tho paper which served for a ceiling contained a good many small cracks ; but there was no place whero a man could come through the boards above, as Ned, poking about with a stick, assured himself. He wished he had provided him self with a nightlight, but it was too late to do more than regret this want. Putting his stick, which was a stout one, close to his hand, ho went to bed. He intended to keep awake and watch ; but the fatigues of the day's travelling and the glamor east upon him by the golden- haired Aliss Hennell combined to conquer his watchfulness, so that in loss than an hour he was asleep. A dream that someone was walking about outside his room, and knocking at his door ; a sensation as of someone gently stroking his hands and face. Then ho woko up, shivering and crying aloud. But he felt nothing. It was dark, and he sat up. As ho did so ho felt, by the rush of air upon his hot wet face, that someone was moving in the room. For somo timo ho heard nothing. Presently, however, his ear caught the soft pit-pat of feet moving slowly against the wall, and then something was dropped on the floor. Ned sprang out of bed and struck a light. Ho heard as ho did so a sound which lie compared in his mind to tho trail of a silk skirt. When his candle was lighted tho room was just as he had seen it last. No trace of a living creature besides himself was to be seen. FoF the rest of tho night ho sat up and read by tho light of eandlo after candle. But not another sound did ho hear except tho now-dying wind and tho occasional rattle of his littlo window in its frame. At daybreak, however, he found in one corner of the room a little heap of broken plaster. It wus a wild, wet morning, and the townsfolk hurried up, under umbrellas and wrapt in mackintoshes, to tho old church, on the tower of which the . "quarter- boys" strike their boll four times in the hour, as they havo struck it for nearly 400 years. The rumor had already got abroad in the littlo town that a stranger had taken up his abode in tho Old Alermaid, and Ned found himsolf an object of great interest. Ho could seo from where ho sat tho lovely Miss Hennell in a pew with a bent, grey-haired old gentleman, whoso appearance and bear ing showed plainly thut lie had known moro prosperous times. This was her father, evi dently. Ned managed to bo near them in tho doorway as they" passed but, and ho got just one swift glance from the girl full of shy, sweet congratulation, followed by a little frown of warning. Ned wont back to his solitary lodging with fresh spirit, scolded Airs. Rudge, who camo to preparo his dinner, for her reti cence, ate a hurried meal, and then slipped out of the houso and lapped at the door of tho next. It was tho shoemaker himself who opened it. He was an intelligent-looking little man of middle-age, with a countenance which in spired trust. Ned began frankly to explain that, ho had taken tho next houso, and that ho had had a curious experience in the night. The shoemaker invited him into the general living-room, apologising for the fact that lie had no "parlor." " Como in, sir, como in. I make no doubt it's lonoaome enough in there, even withont the tales they tell, which no doubt you've heard, sir." Ned, whom tho whole family made kindly welcome, related his own experience, and received from his neighbor a confirmation of tho story of tho two mysterious deaths. Wliilo ho talked, however, he took note most carefully of all that went on around him, as he had mado up his mind that it muBt be some member of tho household who was concerned in tho tragedies which had taken place. The shoemaker himself was obviously innocent; his wife ulso Ned ac quitted at once. The rest of the family con sisted of an old man, apparently almost helpless from rheumatism, who abused the privilege his age and infirmity gave him by grumbling all tho timo in an undertone ; a heavy- eyed daughter, who sat with tho youngest child on her knee ; and a crippled boy of about fourteen, who crouched by tho firesido surrounded by pets — a cat on his knoe, a dog at his feet, and a jackdaw on his shoulder, who fed his young master with sweets from a packet on tho table. Nod had not boon ten minutes in the room when ho was sure that ho had dis covered tho murderer. So great did his excitement become that he could scarcely listen to the shoemaker's talk, and he wa3 obliged, for fear of cxoitlng suspicion, to return to his homo rather hurriedly. The rest of the day dragged its length out with maddening slowness for Ned. Ho was half crazy for tho night to come, when he should, as ho firmly believed, unmask tho author of tho tragedies. To fill up tho timo ho strolled to the Bull, told Alartha on what bold enterpriao ho was bent, and prevailed upon her to promiso to deliver that cvoning to Miss Hennell a lioto which contained, as ho proved to her, only this one line : I shall moot tho murderer to-night. Martha could not conceal her excitement. Sho begged him not to be rush ; she offered to lend him Mr. Richardson's old blunder buss ; finally, sho promised that, if Ned were really to succeed in unmasking tho villain, sho would rouso old Air. Hennoll'a curiosity in Newd himsolf, and so ensure him an introduction. Full of hope and greatly excited Nod re turned to the Old Alermaid. At last tho long hours rolled round to 10, and ho could go to bed. There was no fear of his falling asleep this time. Then, getting into bed and lying on his side, with a candle and matches ready to his hand, Ned waited. It seemed n long timo beforo he beard a noise abovo the boards overhead ; but ho heard it at last — just the sumo softswish-sh, liko the rustloof silk, which had struck his oar on tho previous night. Then a hoard overhead creaked slightly, anil tho paper below was pushed aside at one of the cracks. Something dropped lightly to the floor. Then came again tho soft rustling, followed by a scarcely-heard footfall. Tho intruder came slowly nearer, nearer, until the chair by the bodsido was reached. The moment had come. Starting up, without noise, into a sitting position, Neii struck a mutch with a firm hand. Tlio feeble light shone on the black figuro of the murderer, l'liuro, facing Ned, perched on tho rail of tho chair, holding in his beak tho lump of plaster which was to have choked Ned, was tho lutno boy's jackdaw. Nod's suspioions had been roused by the dexterous manner in which tho bird had dropped sweetmeats, one by one, into Ins owner's mouth on tho previous day. Tho bird flow up, dropping tho plaster from its mouth, and disappeared through tho torn paper of the ceiling. Ned, who felt almost, as "shivery" as if ho had hail a conflict with a human malefactor, could not divest his mind of tho idea that tho bird had a guilty knowledge of the mischief it wrought. He spent tho rest of tlio night, as he had spent tho night before, in reading, and as soon as lie beard his neighbors moving in the morning ho went next door and told his tale. Tho wonder then wns that the mystery had not boon found out beforo, for the bird had the run of tho artic3 at night. In a cornor, over tho room in whieh lie had car ried out his crimes, was discovered a little heap of treasures which ho had collected — bits of plaster, fragments of wood-,- a salt- spoon, and tho leather purse containing two sovereigns, which had belonged to the poor sailor who had been one of his victims. Whether the bird had a knowledgo that he wns doing wrong it is, of course, impossible to say ; but tho shocmnkcr, in a passion of horror, killed him on the opot. Tho news ot tho discovery of the mystery of the Old Arerinuid Hew liko wildfire round tho littlo town. Old Mr. Hennell fulfilled Ned's ardent wish by desiring to bo intro duced to him. Perhaps tho goldon-lmircd Alias Hennell was just a triflo disappointed on learning that tho murderer whom Nod had met so courageously was not a human ono. But, if so, sho concealed the fact very valiantly, and was at least able to boast that ho wus the first person who had wit enough to guess tho truth. For on tho very first visit Ned paid to her father's home she began to feel a proprietory interest in the young artist ; and by tho time, a few months later, that sho had Bat for a village girl, an Italian peasant, Zcnobia and Morio Antoinette, they had both como to the conclusion that, if only in the interests of his art, ho could not do better that obtain a right of owner ship over such a useful model. 