A DASH TO THE POLE. BY. herbert D. rwabd.' m - CnAPiro It— Great Preparations; "It's the quoorcst looking thing I oyer saw in my life." The speaker stood with' his'hnnds in hispqckotssuryoy.ingalargq object tliat eertaiuly was extraordinary. ,y " Don't lot the professor liear you," whispered Mr. Fredoriok, Ball, touching the young maii upon tlio shoulder. "He thinks it the finest thing in the world. . It cortainly. is the most re markable!" "I didn't mean that it was absurd 'at all," said Royal Storno. " It's stunning. . To think that we are in for taking a 'journey 'lit it 1 I ean'tgetit rightly into my head. Iseemtobe dreaming. It beats the Dutch ! " : The young men stood looking at the aerial vessel for a . few moments without speak ing. Picscntly they were silently joined, by a third. The air ship, as she rested beforo them in that vast, high enolosure, was, indeed, strange onough to inspire dumb, not. to; say "dumb founded," admiration." Fivo months lmd realised the groat expecta tions of a few excited and daring men. The Hennepin, or, rather, let us say, the "Wilder, air ship, after sevoral trials, had been quietly pro; nounccd by Sergeant Willtwig to be perfect for the purpose.' And now, under the muniiieont patronage of tiio publio spirited millionaire, under the sublime energy of the Aictio explorer, under the mighty faith of tko inventor, under the scientific suggestions of the youthful astronomical tutor, and under tlio enthusiastic urgings of tho two very; young gentlemen of the party, tho preparations for an aerial voyage wore about completed. Tho attain ment of the North l'olo was believed by eyery one of tho six men to. boa sure thing, "only tho expedition must, above all things, be a secret ono," tho merchant had said beforo tboy separated at the dinner. "If successful, I will claim a share in the honor for Chicago. If not — silence." In this case, as in so many others, tho man who paid decided, and so it happened that on that June morning only six men in the world had an inldiug of the most daring projeot of tho century. Tho younger mcu had overeome the obstnelcs to taking a personal share in this dangorous expedition, each in his own way. I'm going on a short trip to tho west, and cxpeot to bo back in. July," wrote Royal Sterne to his guardian in Boston ; and as the young mnn had a moderate fortuuo of his own, was usually able to look out for himsolf, and was moreover to come of nge in a week, that guardian asked no questions. He hail only seven days of authority left, and took it for granted that Royal was fishing or trapping. If ho had known the truth, it is doubtful if ho would have ofiored any objeotions. Ho and his ward were both sons of tho " first Stato in tho Union," and the good man would probably have said, "I guess a follow that's born in Maine can stand the North Pole." Jack Hardy was . quite his own master. "I haven't anybody hut a jolly old aunt," he had confided to Royal. " What will she say?" asked Royal. "She?" oried Jack Hardy. "She's been through Afrioa 1 She'd go herself . if she could. Wo'rc a family of travellers and explorers. My grandfather fell down Vesuvius. I had a grand-uncle who froze trapping in America. Mv father and mother went round Cape Horn when I was six years old, and never came back. It's in the blood. "We nil go about somewhere. Aunt Maria wouldn't care !" As for Fredoriok Ball, the tutor, he said good bye to his mother and went " onanastiouomicsl trip to the north." He never prevarioated. So the three young men had met in Ilockford, had been driven at night to Professor Wilder's enclosed workshop, five miles up the river, and now thoy stood on tho morning of tho first of July in a tremor of wonder before the vehicle of thoir dreams. "When is' it? Twclvo to-day!" asked BoyaL "Yes," said Jack, with an assumption of indifference. "I beliovo that'B tho time we start. "Seems to me," added he, " I'd rather trust myself in a balloon. This " "No you wouldn't," interrupted tho tutor, "not a hit of it. . Tho conquest of tho nir is just as possible as tho conquest of tho sea. Sinco the time o'f the first ascension by Montgolphier in 1785— is that right ?" "I won't contradict yon. Go ahead," said Royal lightly. At anyrato, since then the dream of man kind has been to fly. Wa have como to tho time when thopublioderaandBamcdiumof motion where friction is praotically .n minus quantity, and where corporations build no tinots, get no grants and have no " " Collision ?" suggested Royal. "Well, I suppose there will be a collision or two, unless different clovations arc sot apart Ly law for difforent direotions." "Is that idea patentable?" asked Jack Hardy. The tutor stopped with a flush of annoy ance. "What wore you going to say, Mr. Ball?" said Royal, soothingly. "I was going to say," replied Sir. Ball, speak ing more rapidly, "that a balloon is nothing more or less than a bag of Bilk filled with rerifiod air or hydrogon, to wliioh is attached a littio basket big enough to hold two or threo madoaps, who allow tho drnnkon, staggering, unwieldy mass to blow about through tho air wherever it listcth. That's a balloon, Mr. Hardy ; and a man is ns sensible, or as scientifio, to start on a journey in a balloon as ho would be to navigato tho Atlantio ocean on an inflated feather bed." " I supposo so," said Jack, demurely. "Con —all— you guarantee this creaturo against intoxi cation, staggeration and an ocoasional tilt ? Of course we aro in for it, I know, but isn't it a trifio ticklish ?" The inventor, Professor 'Wilder, had jnst como out to invito bis guests to breakfast. Ho stopped a moment to liston to tho tutor's reply to Jack. " I tell you, this vessol is the forerunner of tho privato air coupo of tho future, wliioh evory rioh family will own. It is tho first perfeoted and tosted air ship that has the necessary buoyant power of propulsion, and tho proporty of beiog directed. All others have failed in the moment of trial but this one. I consider Pro fessor Wilder tho most remarkable man of this century,' .for he has solved .the: most: diffioult problem that lias confronted our modern age. This vessel can bo guided up or down, iioro or there, more easily than you guiilo your horse or yaolit ; it is b Bhip independent of tornadoes or cyolo'iips, gas hags or grappling hooks ; it is a vessel, in short, as' safe anil as scientific as ail 'Atlantic linor ' andtcn times as swift." , . " Whew," cried RoyaL .1 "Hear, hear, " ejaculated Jack. . . .. : . "That's just it," broko in Professor Wildor, beaming; 'ail over. "You'll find, gentlemen, wo'll carry you as safely as your mother's ' arms. After, break fast; our last meal ashore, you shall inspect and prepare your own quarters in the Aeropole; The sergeant is waiting for lis. Como on." ' Whilotho young men reluctantly turn tliolr baoks upon Professor Wilder's ' air ship, let us attempt the diffioult task of describing' it. Imngino a Brobdignagiari cigar 175 feet long, and with a diamotor of 40 feet, constructed en tirely of the light, tensile metal aluminium. This revolutionary motal can he railed bo thin that this whole struoture will weigh only I ton. V Fill this aluminium aigbr with hydrogen gas, and unless it is moored to tho earth it will rise, for it will then weigh 4000 pounds less than nothing. ' . Supposing, further, that this tremendous aerial fish bo provided with a dorsal fin 15 feet high, whioh shall end in a vertioM rudder at the stern.. ' ' Add to this bthereal narwhal horizontal fins of 40 feet breadth upon each side, eudiug in a movable horizontal rudder at tho stern. ' Add a propeller ; in front, the ; diamote'r of .whose blades .is slightly iuoxoossof thediame- tor of tho body of the vessel, thoso'blades re ceiving the air all along the forward edge arid discharging it over tho outer . edge. Revolve this propeller at a high rate, and tho ship will enter the vnouum thus partially formed. „ But the vessel must rise. Attach to an blo- vator a largo fan of four blades; revolve it swiftly chough and tho elovator will ascend. Flying- tops hbvo boen made on this ancient principle. In the broad horizontal fins place four. of these horizontal propellers, two on each side,' well forward and well book, and we get plenty of rising force. When the ship reaches the desired height, tho power is discouncolcd from tiie auxiliary propellers to tho great pro peller ill front, and a moderate speed of only 10 miles an hour will suffice to sustain at a given altitude a largo weight upon the lateral fins. Below this huge cigar with its propcllors, fins, its horizontal and vortical rudders, is the car ; very muoh like a Pullman ear in shape. Iu this car are stationed the electrical engines and batteries, and there is ample room besides for 10 passengers. This car, attached rigidly to the upper part of tho ship, forms its solid base.' It has 6 , legs in place of wheels, upon wliioh tho whole car; weighing battery, machinery and everything .oomplete, only 14,000 pounds, may rest. This . means that the air ship, ready, for tho trip, weighed only 5 tons, the reader remember ing that tho huge aluminium, cylinder,, charged with hydrogen, woighed 2 tons less than noth ing. It can now liltand carry in the car a dead weight of nearly 100,000 lb. on tho principle that a small paraohuto can sustain tho weight of a very heavy man. Tho fastor the ship goes tho less sustaining tension comes upon tbo side horizontal fins. At b speed of 200 milos an hour they arc not iieoded at all. The freight which suolr an air ship can carry iB only proportional to the lifting power of the horizontal propallcrs and to the power of tho propelling fan In front. Construct on this principle an nir ship 1000 feot iu length, and it would carry as largo a bur- don as tho dismantled Great Eastern once did. ' "Do wc start at 12 sharp?" asked Royal of Sergeant Willtwig. "What sport tho trip will be I".-'' "Sport " breathed the oxplorcr in oontompt. " If I had my way, you boys— that is, Mr. Ball oxcopted— wouldn't stand a ghost of going. Sport! Bah!"' " Well, we're in for it ; and you'll find, as far as I'm concerned, I'll do all I can to make tho expedition a success," said Boyal in a manly, conciliatory, way. "At least I can analyse ice bergs." "That's tho stuff, my young friend," said tlio sorgcaut, turniug a kindly face upon, his ruddy companion. "What can you do?" he asked Jack Hardy. " I can obey you," answered tbo real estate agent, soberly. Delighted to be upon a firmer footing on tho expedition, whose import tiioy but dimly under stood, and with tlie man whom thoy understood, still less, the young men followed their chief, to tho air ship. The sergeant would have boen tho Inst man to ohooso these hoys : for an Arctio expedition. Thoy had insisted, and the generous patron of tho expedition, who considered their onthusiasm of as muoh importance as their fitness, bad consented,. But the sergeant was troubled. Men for such an adventure must he picked as one would ohooso heroes to storm Gibraltar. He know Royal and' Jack wore both unmindful of tho eternal tempornture, 40, 50, 60 degrees below zero ; of tlio endless, crunching, jagged floes of .ico; of that - unique, desolation, that congealing hunger, that solitary death ! As the sergeant silently added some last stores to the ship's outfit, lie was thinking how Greeley's party subsisted for weeks on sea flics caught with nightmare toils — of these diminutivo orus- ween it. rcquiiuu.couu iu mi a gut measuro — ana how when they wore too weak to gather these thoy died. " I'll bo hanged if the ship isn't suspended in the nir!" ejaculated Royal, coming to a full stop beforo tho wonderful machine. " 1 hadn't realised that." i " Yes," answered the inventor, radiant with pride. "Her lifting wheels— see ! Four of them. . Thoy are going so fast you can't very well distinguish them. They have been under full power for two weeks as an experiment. Ten feet in the air 1b as convincing as 10,000. Cut off those cables that hold hor in position, and she would rise out of sight in a few minutes;" "How on earth is that huge mass going to rest on those six legs when she comes to earth? I should think that she would topple over. " Tbo inventor looked exceedingly hart. " Topplo over?" ho repeated. " Young man, that oar is directly placed under tho Aeropole's centre of gravity. The enormous weight of the car pins it down and holds it in positiou." " But supposing tho ground is uncvon, what are you going to do ?" continued Royal. " If tho ground were covorod with eggs, Mr. Sterne, tho lifting wheels could lot my Bhip down so gontly as not to oraok a singlo sholl : and they would hold tho Aeropole suspended there. I havo not experimented in vain, I assure you." Tho young Tech. student again took in tho marvellous mechanism with a critical oyc. This reecnt graduate had no idea of boing caught with surprise in his face. He debated in his mind for another question. Jack Hardy, Mr. Ball and the sorgeaut hod already disappeared by aside door within the cnr. "There is one dilfioully, Professor Wilder. How aro you going to Bupply your Btorago bat tery between hero and the Polo? I havo heard of no powor stations being established along tho route." . "What kind of a storage do yon think I uso?" ..fit must be exceedingly huge and weighty to; nccqmulato :cncrgy. onough . to,; keep on the . the cncrgy is produced i-by , a 53-ton plant in tho shop'' thorp, and transmitted bytho cable at our feet to tho ; accumulator. The cur rent goes night and day.".; "."Your accumulator must , weigh a hundrod tons." "There' you aro wrong, my boy," said tlio inventor, slapping him on tho Bboulder. "It weighs just 1250 pounds. That is my great in vention. It has takon years. Tho right kind of a. motor has beau tho only laok of aerial vessels. I do not mnnufsoturo energy. I spond it. I havo discovered a now surface upon whioh to Btore tho electricity. It is a wonderful con- den'sor. It holds the fluid and gives it up only at my will. Tlio larger tho surface, tho more I can store. How many spider's threads does it take to make up tho thickness of a human hair? Supposing that you could coucontrate on a skein of silk powor onough to run a street oar four milos? Thou tho woight of the accumu lator required to run the same car a month would bo of no nooount. This is tho analogy of my inveution. I havo found that a web of a certain substance spun into threads finer than the finest silk — that a ton of this, I say, can receive nnd contain an energy equal to that amassed in tho best of modern storago batteries weighing 500,000 tons," V " This is simply tremendous," said Royal in a subdued voice. - "Then wo can havoeleotrio locomotives and elcotrie water ships. No more trolley. . Mo more relief : stations. No more electrocution in the streets." ;; ..' "That's it; it will all oome whensl give it out," said the invontor; . d . .'i ."Thore are millions - in it,"::ssid, tho hoy enthusiastically ; " I wish- — ," he stopped with a bright flush. "When we come back from.tho Pole, yo'u shall," said, the inventor- > paternally. '"I need young blood that believes - in : me— you shall." - -!. . : : ; "Shall we really get, to the Pole?" aslccd Royal, with a ohoke of his voioe, putting out his hand. . . ; \- " My fame is staked on this expedition," if it fails I -shall' never bold up my hoad again," answered the inventor solemnly." - " , "Hullo, what's that?" oried Royal, looking towards tlio high onclosuro : that onoirclcd tho threo aores' upon whioh tho air ship and her temporary buildings stood, \- "Boys fooling, I guess. ' We have let no one in on any consideration since' our trial trip. Tlio sergeant nnd I went up and came back after a two hours' spin all right But itoreated a great furore. Everybody wants to oomo in. Hcnno pin has boon trying to serve an' injunction, but I guess he's given that up by this time." " I read about it in the paper, but it was con sidered a reporter's yarii."1 ' Rang I Bung I Bang i The noiso near the cm olosurc inoroascd. Shouts and curses were heard outside. " Open ! Open in the name of tho State of Illinois," eame a great cry. \- Tho sergeant bounded out of tho oar. ' " We wish to sorve an injunotion," howled a- man outside. ' " From whom ?" answered the sergeant. "Open, orwc'll bust you . in," answered tbo man outside in a brutal voice. "Thoy mean to destroy my air ship," Baid Professor Wildor with quivoring lips. " Tin's is Hennopin's doing. How oan wo gst to the Polo it thoy oome in ?" - "Tuoy shan't," said Sergeant ' Willtwig un dauntedly. " We'll giyo yon 10 minutes,'-' shouted tho man from over the board enclosure. "Wohave 50 armed men ' bore, and we'll give you 10 minutes to open up." (TO BK CONTINUED!) 