THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. "I would give a million dollars for a stomach,", said a wealthy American recently. Now, a mil- ' lion dollars (L200. 000) is a doal .ot' monoy, but he was not able to buy tho article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaakin, of No. 3, Poplar Bow, Dor- ley Abbey, near Dorby, is not so rich as many, bo- ing a gardener, but ho was ready enough to g.ve all he bad for one thing he hadn't got. Hero is his story, and he shall tell it in his owu way. Mr Gaakin goes on to say ; ' Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living at. Beeston, near Nottingham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with wator and slimo, the latter so thick and stioky that I often had to romove it with my fingers. My chest used to 1 fill up' and my throat would swoll no i couldn't button my shirt at the neck. £ vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish groen phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would strain till 1 bled at the hose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted, and sin rt of breath and had to call tho dootor, and was in bed five or six weeks.' "I then w_n as out-patient to the Nottingham hospital, and after attending there for six months was very, little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with hie. For eighteen mouths 1 kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former masts r gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, howover, that all the oeas in tue nospital were tall, and l saw my ciuu doctor an , a so two doctors at Derby, 'iho first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumpliuu, aud must die ; the , ether doctors after sounding my lungs and' ehest, 'said nothing, but shook their heads.' "Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; aud some days 1 worked a little, and theu would .be away, for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, uni broke down com pletely. I waB always coughing and spitting up phlegm sometimes as mucu as a teucupful a once, and was af aid to go to sleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites of m/ byes turned yellow.- and my eyes were blood shot.. My lips and mouth were dry und. I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, aud I could keep nothing down. I lost over a atme weight in three weeks. . ' : "I managed to get up for a few boars at a tinie bat was so weak £ lisd to take hold of the furniture to move a few : yards. X was - always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, waa nertr at ease and got no real rest. Xoo'weak to read £ often sat for hours looking at thy hands— nothing but skin and bone/ and was so nervous X couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The dootor kept on attending me, but be said, \- a can an you no go ,a ; x can only patch you up, becaiiBe your lungs are diseased. 1 then gave over taking bis medioiue and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22a a. bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see mj said, " Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another. world.' "About the mid. lie of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph: Tatham, who wuike ia tlie paper mills at Darley. Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Neigei's c-yrnp?' and told me how he had been cured alter being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine 1 sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr smith's diorea in Viotoria-street. After the first dose £ bad an evaluation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell a8leep.and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the inedicin j f ,r three days my breathing got easier, my food kept-down, aud in a few days more 1 was able to go out for a short . wa k. 'By the ud of a fortnight 1 went to see my: master, v.'Au asked what had Wibught tho improvement, aud x toid him, as I 'tell. every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved' my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a d iy's work since, ? Of course mystreogth' did not return all at once, but after taking Se.gr l's yrupfor six months £ was strong ais ever id my lite and have continued bj ever since." In giving his consent to the publicatiou of this remarkable Statement. Mr faflUin ri«-niAHtM Ilk to refer ait doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardene , Darley Aobey, who is acquainted with all the foots alleged. Mr Ga<kin his lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears au excellent re putation. ;. mow, what ; was the complaint from which he suffered ? Not gallopiug consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have g-riioped in:o hi . grave in lesi than three months, instead of grow.ng worse for seven years. His complaint was chrome inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung syrnp-- toms.liko consumption, for which it is so often ignor antly mistaken aud wrongly treated. When the . righcremedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the disease yie ded,- as all diseases ot the 'digestive tract' do yield .to tint maguidceat prepiratton. We hearti y congratnhto Mr Gaskin on hie ra- . o every, and comma rd the facts of his case to all thinking people:. ' " ' 