:IT is estimated that e every .sea.l con sumes tenpounds of fish daily;. - .:' I SCAxn .driv?.?r are 'not perhiitted': rto smoko in the streets, of Aberdeen, Scot ,,iuDDnco rings are not infrequently' worn by husbands ,.in Germany; and the ci'to is growing inEngland. UIEiE are about 75,000, female type ,,i:ersin'this coiinitry, and about 25, 000 n'made'operatori. ?Thse figuresonly include jirofessionial typiewriters. A nuclx:with four feet is a cnriosity owned by Janmes Stewart, of the :orkl rnrd,; opposite ,,Guilford, ;Md. When aiiniainig, it uses one of its legs as a rudder. KiIoiNEDtoals are colleited in. large qiantities'in Kern Counity, .Cal., and :,old't5thl Chinese;who fiid in them :cmo'"mediciial' property which cures rhumatism.; a' ?rnukso'carpet-house has supplied sTectricitv to its! sewing- machines, and by its use eight yards of carpet can be rown in a minute. 13y hand only twenty yrScrd are sewn in a day. ID3: W. E. Alixor, of Smith's Grove, Kyv, hiis ji-st led his sixth bride to the altar. .His ae is 81, ind. that of his brido:is 41. ':The doctoris as lively" as most men of sixty:. Ioln lbuilding material, brick is con ridrced the best and most durable; and Ireoist ftirol the, longest. '-Iron warps; andid granito'.ad . brown-stone crack. Tihe 'nfacts are very-well understood now : hilnilders; conseiluently most 01 the t:ge buildings hereabouts are be is ; ,,,c:tructed of brick.' I: t mosquito has nio'desire to toast its i ia ioeisr the electric light. ?While tho::an::ls of other insects aroenightly de.i',ysed by every are light, the wise limloquito keeps at a sa'e distance, and 'cc about its original blood-letting bIai::ois, without the slightest curiosity rtga ding the march of electrical teicl:. O. A 'vr.oirlrsc hotel is to lie established I t Lbng Kong. The vessel will have three lucks,' the lower being arrauged for d:'ing, billiard, smoking, andt card r?oil:: i. T'll main deck wilt contain a drawiniig-ru n,, twenty-four beld-rooms; castb witll a fullsiied bath and dressing room, while the upiper, or spar deck, has Leen arranged as a promonade. LsoIITSIre struck the house of Fred lKaprcr, ,in ,Houghton County, Mich., and the bolt passed wiihin a few feet ol his wife,who for years had'been a sufferes from inllammatory rheiunatism. She was violently shicked, anid felt, as she sa:ys, "as if'ten thousand pins lhad pnictnred my flesh." Sin:e that upo ::sest her rheumatic pains have left her. 'TiS: mnatliomatical ilend has recently bee' ait work 'pon a circulation of the wivr: performed by the human heart. Idiscalculations are curious, andgive the work of the heart in miles and beats. It i+ bated nloun the. presumption that the ]:eart beats 60 times each minute, and throws blood nine feet. . Computed thu-, .the mileage of the blood through the ltidy inifght lie taken as 2017 yardl per miniite seve'n miles per hour, 1GE mio.t per day, 61,320 inilese per year,' or'4,li02,400.smiles in a lifetime of- ser-' only years. I1ouvTruE JAU3I I, . the great Parisian de:c ative, followed a mnurderer to Brus sols. The chief descriptissn he received of hhn was that of medium size, with blue eyes, sandy hair, iand with a front toolth missing. Ini two Weeks he was on his track, but could -not discover him. tle eventually recognized the fellow, although his , hair ,hod been dyed,. by the frequency with vwhicli he putlhi har:d to his mouth, as if to adjust un accustomed teetli: The follow'i had adll d to his disguiti by lhaking four ol his front teeth roeulaced by false A rouxe married man from the crowded East, somne months ago, with his Wife, nmade. his way to the West, with the intention to remain there and "grow up with the country." A traiv. oler the other day passed the. Eastern inan's deserted cabin. A board nailed across the door bore this inscription: "Fore mile fromn 'naybor. Sixteei mile from a postoffis. Twenty-fivemiile froma railroad. A 'hundred and atel from timber. Two hundred and fifty feet,from 'vater. . There's no place like homie. We've goie East to spend the suinnier with my wife's folks." t i?s: tlltis lfe's, ClhdrvoyaLnt Presenlce C"st il,,. Almost everybody in and about Chi eago knows John 'Ddowling. Well, if was in 1888, I think, and Derby Day at Washington Park. ' BeforeDowling left theoraces his wife' said to him: "John, you remember you promised to invest $500 for me on the Derby, don't' you?" "Yes, dear," replied the. husland. "What horse shall I iut it on?" 'On Silver Cloud, please;" "Silver Cloud?:: Why; you're' crazy. The horse hasn't got a ghost of a show.' "No matter. 1, see by the :paperE there is 0 tol against him, aad I hae linally- romised'.tbo fulfil his wife's be' heat: ''Hld d;idn'ti do anythitig: bof the iort; got .intod., the :blietting ring and plunged hcavily on.the favorite. Itesulti Silver Cloud won: in a rush, and :ery easily. Dowliug hiceked him iolf, cursed his luck and was generally unpleasant to hlimse'lf 'id his friends. lBult he dare nbt' go home and tell Ihis wife the ehancbhbe had lost IHelought lier a S15,000 house, deeded it to her, iid.to this day Mrs. Dowling thinks the proierty became hers through her clair vdaint prescience in betting on the alseioinenally 'onhg 'shot. 