Sforyettcs 111 uu Albany ciuo iuo wine cellar Wii atrniiguly depleted of lis contents, bottle after bottle of champngao disappeared, and locks Bccmcd no bar against the thirsty ihtcvCB. Fiaallr a new auitrinlvndcnt waa placed in charge, and he stcmcd to be A man ol an ingenious turn of mind. He put now., locks upon tho cellar, but hodid aot mean to placo -his dependenoe .wholly upon Iron bolts. - So ho secured a remarkably ugly bull-bog, with a very misanthropic disposi tion, nndaliut liim in the cellar. Tacro the bruto stays all tho time, except for half on hour daily, whsu he Is given a run In the sunlight, Tho dog has 'no taste for cham pagne, and now tbo wino stays whero It Is put until it is wanted in the' cafe. Thoro bos neror been' an instance of "gruciuusncs3 "liko tho visit of tbo Dako do Nivernais, in the seventeenth contury, to his dying steward, Wlsbing to flee bow matters stood with tho poor fellow, tho duku stepped' iuto tho room, aud had tho cxtromo condescension to- mako personal inquiry into the state of bla health. 1 The steward, utterly bewildered by tbo honor, raised himself in bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of the most abject humility : " I hope your grace will not bo offended at my dying in your presence f " The duke, deeply touched, answered : " Not In tho least, my good friend ; do sot mind me." . Whereupon, tho steward availed himself of tho gracious permission of his master, and gavo up the ghost. i Professor Delbruck b&a; recently pub homo Interesting souvcnlis about the Emperor Frederick tho Third and bts family. Hero is an amusing nnccdoto about the order that reigned in the household while Frederick vras Grown Prince : Ono day the Crown Princess said to the butter, ouo of tho oldest servants and one who had tbo reputation of baviug a will of Lis own : ' 1 orJorcd eonio Apollinnris watcrsov oral necks ago, and should liko to lastoit; bus it not yet arrived i" The old domestic replied:' ' "Imperial lligliiit-sB, thero Is still in the cellar a Jot of buttlisof seltzir water that must be drunk iirstl" All the persona at tablo broke out into Inogbtcr. Tho Crown Prince, after having him self joiued iu tbo biiurity/said, Iu a serious toue; ' . " My friend, when tho Crown Princess orderayou to do anything, I beg ) ou to obey " Oco day," said a vcternn, in a recent interview with lili l'eikins, I met an old soldier who had b-en wounded in tbo face, ami when I asked him iu what battle bo bad been Injured, be said : < i got it at .tho first day at Shilob, sir.' But how could you got lilt in tbo faco at Shiloh?' 1 naked. ' Well, sir,' said he, balfapologctically, 1 after 1 had run a mllo or two I goccarolcit and looked back,' This story reminds mo of hotr one of EilSf worths Fire Zouaves killed his first' Con federate. He caul that he marched out to tho battlo of Bulls llua, and when about half way there, ho .mot a Jcibnny ,Iteb. iu ambush. ' What did yo'i do then V I asked. 1 Well, air, ho' answered, 1 drew out my revolver and ho drew out his bowie-kuife, aud . then I took the lead from' tbo start, and kept It clear Into Washington city, and-—1 JBut how did you kill tho. man!" Bun him to death, was tbo reply." Ia " making up " newspapers, or tbo pleoing together of different paragraphs into columns, two separate items will, some times, bo jumbled together and must amus ing results appenr. - A French newspaper had a good specimen of this kind of mixturo : " Dr. X. has been appointed head physi cian to the liopital du la Oharite. Orders havo been issued by the authorities for the immcdiato extension of .tho Glmetiero do Parnnsso," Tbo New Haven journal, somo time ago mndo a curious jumble of two Hems' Ono read : v " A largo caat-iron wheel, revolving nlno hundred tirnra a minuto, expldded ia this city yesterday, alter a lung and painful ill ness. Deceased was a prominent thirty- ticond dcgrco Mason." Tho other paragraph detailed how: "John Faudan, tho woll-kuowa floristand real estate broker, of Newport, U.I., dlod iu Wardiucraud Bussell'a sugar mill, at Cry stal Lake, on tiatunlay, Uoiug coasidcrablo damage to the building and injurlog sevoral workmen severely." Ben. Jonson was onco requested to rovlso some proofs full of typographical and other errors, hut ho declined,' aud recommended that thoy should be sent to tho housoof cor rection, ' ' - Many nnccdotca oro narrated to illus trate iuu tact required, in dealing with lunatics. Among tho inmates ot an asylum was a mau who was considered perfectly harmless, but who, bnviug .no homo, was. allowed to remain there,:. beiug employed" to. show visitors around. The doctor went oh tho roof with hitn'ono day, to sco about repairing it, when tho man suddenly -turnod aud suggested that thoy should jump to tho ground together. Im mediately tno doctor replied : "No, don't let's do that. Any ono can jump down. Xct's'go down and see if we can .jump np," 1 Ino lunatic considered tho point "well taken," and agreed. Tho head of a prlvato asylum in England was in tho bath- room watculug'a humberof lunatics bathe, whon ono of thcoi called outj "Lot's duck tho doctor J" and -thoy all took up tho cry. . ' -' ' fleeing his danger, the doctor said at onco: .' "All right boys; but suppose you givo achecnor himriirst," , ' ' And tbo noise of their clicorlag brought the keepers to his rescue. - The same doctor was In a room with a lunatic, who, by somo means, had possessed himself of a carving xaifo, . ' The lunatic informed him gravely that ho had been ordained by Gad to.<cut bim Into lUtlo pieces, and, much oa ho regretted it, ho should be obliged to do it. ; «-Vurv ' well," said the doctor; "of- courdo, lfthat is tho case, I shall make no attempt to prevcat you ; but I seo your knlfu uceda auarpening. Allow me to fetch a grindstone for- you." Aud no objection being raised, tbo quick witted doctor mado his cscapo. Old man (solemnly) : « My young friend, who vvus tuat who just naked you to go and have a drink 1" Young man: "linrnoy Jonea, He's a friend of mine," Old man (with oontinucd solemnity): " Nay, my young friend, ho is an enemy of yours." Young man: "Well, I don't know but wbatyouTe right, Barnoy gavo mo two ©r tbrco suro things on yesterday's races that mado mo walk homo. You can't toll nowadays, old man, who your friends arc," Ono of the strongest characteristics of genius is the- power of lighting Us owe firs. :"."' Arcmnrkablo action,- tu which PopoLco XIII. is (be defendant; Is- about- to bo tried bcfqro thq Civil Tribunal of Montdldcr, near Amclna,' Some, moi|ths ago tlio Marchioness ,de Pleases Bollevro died, leaving a will - by which ahelcft tha hulk of hcr.property, real and norsonal, tothe Pope. Tho will is din. nutcd by tho natural heirs of tho deceased lady— collaterals— on IhcgrQUnd-1 that th i ope.ri)idiigfl;CpWtna) sovcroign, cannot aequfrhrJpbltycuFrcflOUooil, 