Deeming's Birth and Boyhood. Deeming's father and mother were natives of Atherstone, in Warwick- shire, where they were married in 1846\. The father, who was a tin plate worker and a general white- smith, kept a small shop, and also attended the markets in the district. In her younger days Mrs Deeming attended the parish church, and at one time was a Sunday school teacher, but her husband made no profession of any particular religous belief. He, however, was a strong believer in ghosts, presentiments and : dreams, and one of the fears of his early life was lest he should become the tenant of a haunted house. As business was not prosperous, Mr and Mrs Deeming removed with their little boys to Atherstone to Ashby- de-la-Zouch. in Leicestershire, where Mr Deering's parental responsibili- ties were further increased by the birth of twins — a girl and a boy. He grew very nervous and anxious at this rapid increase of the family; and became worse when another, arrival was expected. A night he com- plained of mysterious sounds, and would say, "I can't go to sleep with these noises in the place. Let us get up and see what is really going about." The wife lighted a candle, and offered it to him to go first, but he refused to do that, saying he thought it would be better for him to walk close behind her, so that if she saw anything and fainted away he could catch her in his arms. and save her from falling. His ??? and fears told on his health, and complain- ing of the noises one day he was asked whether he was not sure that was the house a doctor was murdered in, his body mutilated beheaded and then secretly disposed of ? The noises were declared to ???? some trouble and misfortune for the family who heard them. The poor man was fairly frightened, an some of his friends could laugh him out of his scare. He looked forward to the birth of this child as the coming trouble foretold. It was on July 30, 1853 that the new-comer was ushered into the world. In due course a name was fixed upon, and the boy christened " Frederick," His mother was as fond of him as any of her other children, but the father conld not shake off his fears. Even the waywardness of the infant child caused anxiety, and it came to be condemned as a sign of self-will, foreboding future evil and a gradual development of the trouble foretold. After a little time the father left the town to enter on a situation at Eltham, in Kent, where his wife and family subsequently, joined, him. It was in this village that Albert (the brother who saw the Rainhill murders in his dream) was born. The family stayed nearly two years, and then moved to St. Helens, where in 1857 the son Walter was born. In the following, year the.father got work at Bir'ken- head, and ultimately settied down there with his family. It was a great;: difficulty to get Fred to go to school, for he would often play the truant, in splte of the repeated thrashings his father gave him. The boy's stubborn temper made his father severe with him, while his mother pleaded " It's kind words and not blows he wants. You don't do any good by being harsh with him. " Indignant at this inter- ference, the: father would reply, " It's your interference that is spoiling this lad. He'll come to some bad end if you don't mind, and bring trouble on us all. Haven't we been' warned ? Weren't we warned before he was born ? I tell you there's a spell on him ; an evil spirit has got hold of him ; but I'll knock the devil out of him." With that he got more beat- ings, but his attendance at school grew worse, and his education was consequently very imperfect. One night, when he was between. 11 and 12 years of age he was missed from home, and could not anywhere be found. The next day, when he thought his father had gone to work, he came home, saying he had been out all night shrimping with the boatmen. . Fred got another thrash- ing from his father, and his mother reasoned with him. In a little more than a week he was missing again, and this time was absent three nights and three days with trawlers at sea. His father thrashed him, as before, forcausing so much trouble, but seemed of little use. In two or three weeks he was off again, and his great de- light appeared to be to get over the I bar at the mouth of the Mersey, and enjoy his freedom in fishing pursuits. His father began to despair of trying to reform him. The boy was evi- dently getting beyond control, and every week became more sullen and stubborn. As he did not appear in- clined to go to school, or to settle down to go to work, his father in great measure left him to his own resources, and to his mother's care. He had marked traits of character ; and they were, first, a tendency to : sudden impulse ; and a steady re- solute will. He was never at any- time saucy or. insolent; but quiet and stealthy in what he did. When only 13 he went to a Tradesman in the town, told him that his brother par- ticularly wanted £3, .and had sent him to ask if he would be kind enough to lend it to him for two or three, days. The tradesman not suspecting anything wrong lent the money, and the boy then made off. His mother grew alarmed when no tidings of him could be got from the boatmen, and the whole family became roused . when the trick-played upon the trades- man was discovered. Four or five nights after the boy's disappearance the oratorio 'Messiah' was to be performed at the Queen's Hall, Birkenhead, and as one brother was going to sing in the choruses the whole family, father and mother in- cluded, had arranged to go. On their way to the concert, to their great surprise, they met Fred returning home. The mother, overjoyed at seeing him, threw her arms round his neck and kissed him, and told him to go home, get a good tea, and be a good boy, when all would be well, ln answer to her inquiries as to where he had been, and what he had been doing, he simply said he had been to Chester. After the first part of the oratorio was over Mrs Deem- ing said to her husband, " I feel rather uneasy about Fred. I wish you would go and see how he is get- ting on." The father went, and not seeing the boy at home came back without making any observations. On the family returning at the close of the concert Fred had entirely dis- appeared. The brother paid his friend the £3 back, and then another and expensive search for the missing boy was begun. The agony the mother suffered cannot be described. Days, weeks, months, and years went by, and no tidings of him could be got. The father appeared to cease to think about him, and did not like his names mentioned. The continued grief shattered the mother's constitu- tion, and her nervous condition ren- dered extremely sensitive. It is re- lated of her that her psychological state became such that "her very soul seemed to receive the impression that ail was not right with Fred." It was no superstition, she used to say, for hers were positive impres- sions. One day, he had been absent nearly five years, she went to a relative's house in great trouble and said she had a presentiment that it was not all right with Fred, and then, becoming senseless, audibly uttered the words, " Oh, my Fred ! save him ; he is my long-lost boy.' As they:bathed her face her continued words were, " Save him !" About a month or five weeks after this occur- rence the postman brought a letter ; but as it was from abroad the father refused to take it in. The local post- master, being reluctant to send it to the Dead Letter office, took the trouble to call round again with it himself. The father was an obstinate as before, and said, "We do not think Fred is alive. I tell you that if it is not from him it does not concern us ; and if it is from him then it is noy a bad omen, and does not angur any good for us. I will not have that letter opened in this house." So the postmaster opened it outside, and it proved to be from Fred, stating that, after many ter- rible troubles and narrow escapes of his life, he was on his voyage hpme " Didn't I tell you that letter was a bad augury ?" said the father, while his mother on the other hand was al- most frantic with joy at the prospect of seeing her boy home again. A month rolled by and then Fred came home again. His mother met him, with open arms, and there was much rejoicing. He had grown a fine youth of nearly 20 years and his arrival created quite a sensation through the whole family circle. He had brought little presents for all. There was a general reconciliation, and wherever he went Fred was feasted and ad- mired, and became quite a romantic hero with the girls of the district. £22 10s for 2 roods 34 perches, the upset being £11 8s. All the land put up was taken by local buyers. It consisted of 16 lots, comprising about 28 acres. A tailor named Robert O'Connor, 45 years of age, residing at Avoca street, Randwick, (N.S.W.), was standing at the door of his residence about 11 o'clock on Wednesday night, when a man passing threw a quantity of vitrol in his face. The police was called and O'Connor was taken to the Sydney hospital, where he is lying in a dying state: — His face is burnt all over and his eyesight destroyed. The fiend who committed this dastardly outrage has not yet been arrested. At the Shepparton Assizes on Fri- day, John Molamphy, convicted of manslaughter of his son-in-law, Chas Meaney, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment in Beechworth gaol, and a fine of £50, to ??? gaol until the fine be ??? in- ferred to the good character in prisoner, and the assistance ??? rendered to his daughter ??? children in maintaining to ??? the absence of malice in ??? to the language which has ??? by deceased against prisoner's ??? ter. The Tasmanian agricultural sta- tistics, which are complete except for three districts, allow a splendid in- crease in wheat, the average being ,22.39 bushels per acre. For the first time, for many years the breadstuffs market. will be supplied locally. Apples show an increase of about 220,000 bushels, the yield being about.570,000 bushels. A Dalziel's telegram has been pub- lished which states that, a revolution has occurred in Bulgaria, and that. Prince Ferdinand has been de- throned. At Barnawartha on Friday, 20th May, a man named John Smith, a cooper, aged, about 55 or 60 years, attempted to take his life by cutting his throat with a razor. Mounted- constable McCarthy arrested the man and conveyed him to Chiltern, where Dr McCall switched up the wound. Smith was then charged before Messrs Kilgour and Martin, J. P. 's with attempting to take his own life: Dr. MeCall stated that the wound had the appearance of having been self-inflicted. The man was sane and not suffering from the effects of drink. Constable McCarthy stated that the prisoner had not drinking, but was very despondent through being out of work. When asked how he came to cut his throat he said he was shaving and his hand slipped. The prisoner was remanded to the Beechworth gaol for eight days for medical treatment. The wound is not a serious one. In connection with the pending libel action, Speight v. Syme. pro- prietor of the " Age,'' in which the damages are laid at £25.000. Mr Isaacs and Mr Mitchell will appear for the plaintiff, and Mr Purves aud Dr. Madden for the defendant. The following is a copy ot a tele- gram which reached the Chief Secre- tary onThursday:— 'Isisford, Queens- land. — What figure will secure Deem- ing alive with privilege of exhibiting? — A. G. C , showman. It is needless to say that the telegram re- mains unanswered. John Michael Coleman, the driver of the train which came into collision with another near Armidale, N.S.W . recently, and caused the death of one of Sells' circus company, has been ac- quitted of the charge of manslaughter that was preferred against him. An expert giving evidence before the local option arbiters at Ballarat, on Thursday, stated that the profits oil a gallon of whisky costing 16 shil- lings amounted to £2 8s, or 200 per cent ; beer costing 1s 1½d per gallon was retailed at four shillings ; and cigars and temperance drinks each returned a profit of 100 per cent In the Beechworth Supreme Court' on Thursday, before His Honor the Chief Justice, Mary Margaret Quirk petitioned for a divorce from her husband, James Alfred Quirk, on the ground of desertion and habitual drunkenness. Mr Brown appeared for the petitioner, who sued in forma pauperis, and there was no appear- ance of or on behalt: of the respon- dent. Mr. Lascelles, who has taken an active part in encouraging the settle- ment. of the Mallee country, on Fri- day morning made an offer to the Minister of Railways to construct himself the line from Bulah to Hope- toun. On the completion of the line to Bulah, or Galaquil, as it is some times named, it is expected 150 men from the unemployed ranks will be thrown out of work. Mr Lascelles desires to see the line run from War- racknabeal through to Hopetoun, and if the Government will undertake to pass a Bill enabling him to do so, he will construct the line on condition that the Government can purchase it from him at any moment. 