D?w TWISTER'S PATIENT. I .ERASMUS TWISTER was seated in his consulting-room counting up ?liia fees,'When hia much be-buttoned boy brought him n card. ?'Ah! Dr. Griggs ininthewaitinc-rofiml" as-ked the great; Twister, ultsr leading tho uamc. " Yiisjii'.'* " Uooil! When I sound tho ROng allow liim in." " Yucsir." And tho boy of many buttons retired. The \vell-to ; do doctor looked nt the card r.nil chuckled. He put away his fees, anil ? looked at his witch. He had nothing to do, | Lint it would be in very bail tasto to let his young rival know thnt ; so he kept him waiting in the adjoining rooin while ho trimmed hie nails, yawned, turned ovor the pages of an illustrated magazine, and ynwued again. Once more lie looked nt his ?watch, and as he hadkejithis visitor wait ing twenty minuUs- ho sounded the. gong, and taking a sheet of paper began to write a" prescription. Buttons introduced l)r. Brigg?—a young niUi of thirty or therealiouts, thin, anxious, ? with carefully-brushed clothes of professional cut, a little worn and shiny here and there. ' "Good morning, Mr. Ah " "Briggs." " Mr. Briggs, to bo sure. Kindly tako a \- coat—l shall be diseugaged in one minute." " Don't hurry on my aocount, I beg." ???'Thank you. Hum—yes—oh—just so." And then the elder doctor put-away his paper: and turning his chair round faced his visitor with the most affable smile, and said, v And now, Mr. Brings, how are wo this i morning ? How are wc getting on with out ''new.practice, hey ? Lots of patients—lotsof fees—rising man—brilliant prospects, hey''" " I*o, sir. Up to the present time X Imve not taken a single fee. Jones, who sold mo cue practice, cheated me, sir. I trusted his -word, and I have been shamefully deceived." " I'm very grieved to hear this. Tut ! tut! very distressing, indeed. And you *iave a wife and a young family—two or ?bree children, Mr. Urigga?" " Three, sir. My wife's money atid my Dwn are sunk in this practice, and tlitS&con; *tant anxiety and disappointment are break ing our hearts, sir—slowly." "Dear, dear. Very shocking, to bo sure. What,not one patient ?" The doctor tried to Klook as if he regretted his brother practi tioner's ill fortune. " One only, sir, and it in not certain that I Bhall get*anything out of that one, without your assistance." ? " Anything, in reason, that I can do you ? may besuro 1 shall do willingly. Anything— in reason." A ?. " I will explain it to you," said Dr. Bnggs, , nnd after a pause he proceeded with some embarrassment—" the case is a peculiar one. ;;X am commifsioncd to lirid an authorised medical man to act with me in certifying the insanity of a youni: woman, whose parents desire to place her in a lunatic asylum." Air. dropped his eyes to the floor; Dr. Twister regarded him with a glance of ? suspicion. \- 11 Nothing can be more simple, my dear % Mr. Brigirn, anil I nhall have treat pleasure in acting witli you if I Hut! that the young woman you speak oft.* inline—and of coiu>e yon would not make such a proposal to me unless you perfectly convinced of the fact yourself." "That i.s the difficulty, sir," paid Dr. Briggs. " The youiis woman is perfectly reasonable oil every point, save one ; and on 'that she is us in,ill as can I>-?. Sho insists that her father mid mother ..i t- to put her in an asylum in order that they may get the handling of a lat-gu sum of money— some fifteon or twenty thousand pounds— which becomes hers at the u;;u of twenty one." ' ."Is it a fact that'she is heiress to that "fortune? 0 ' " Her father and mother strenuously deny ?ft/ They declare she has 110 money mid never will have." "Do you believe the daughter is mad?" .asked Dr.' Twister, fixing his eyes on the unfortunate and needy young practitioner. l)t. Briggs shifted uneasily on his chair under th.is scrutiny, and replied evasively— : " In the absence of proof to show that the _.fa£hor and mother are liars I am hound to believe them ; and, believing them, lean only regard tho girl's assertion as a proof of ,?? insanity." .I" v er y true." Dr. Twister was far too prudent a doctor to let his suspicions bo seen.' ?' ~ "Unfortunately," said Dr. Briggs, "unfor tunately the appearance of tho parents is ifc?gaiuBt them." " How, my young friend ?" " In confidonco I must inform you, sir, that, Mr. and Mrs. Burlier—that is their name—are tho most villainous-looking couple, I. have over seen. Ono would be inclined to believe the daughter rather than the parents—if one allowed oneself to be ?prejudicedby appearances." "Of course, appearances in many cases are deceiving. Mies Barker is not repul sive!" '' i{pt at all. She is plain, but her con edition excites compassion. Sho is young, and she is emotional. I admit that nine out of ten doctors would sympathise with her, and agreo that her parents were conspiring infamously to destroy her for their own base endsi IVadmit, sir, that I hesitated to accept the commission offered me, and that I should fear resentment from any doctor but you, who kiiow my position, and how necessary a is to my existence. I knew that) at least I might depend upon your impartial consideration of the case if I laid it before you." _ " You did quite right. I shall bo at ; ? liberty to- morrow afternoon, and wo will go together and see Miss Barker. Depend upon It, I will consider her ease with strict impar tiality.." Dr. Twister sounded the gong and rose. Dr. Briggs expressed profuse thanks. "Two o'clock —afternoon — to-morrow," said Dr. Twister, smiling blandly, aa Dr. Briggs, fumbling with his hat, bowed him- SeW out of the room. " Hm I" paid Dr. Twister, when he was alone.' "This will übout, finish in,y pio suinptious .young vivid 1 If, ns I expect, I find that he is trying to shut up a poor gill man ..Bvluni,my lady paliontK shall know it, and there'll bo an end of any sympathy with my young- friend. Dr. Brings." .At two o'clock tho following day the two doctors repaired in Dr. Twister's " pill-hox " to the outskirts of the town whci-n the Barkers lived. Thoy stopped before tht great iron gutes of a rau'jjod, uncultivated garden, wbioh surrounded a dilapidated and long uninhabited house. A murder bad ! been committed in tho house, and tho ghost, of the murdered individual was j?aiil lo haunt the place. For this reason, or becauso of its particularly gloomy and dismal appear- Mice, the house had been to let for live years. If Miss Barker waa not actually mail, incarceration in such a prison would be likely toihuke her so. 'This was thethought that passed through Dr. Twister's mind ta.he looked through the gates and across the weedy apace at tho weather-stained houso with its curtainless windows. A high i wall skirted the grounds ; the gates were! , locked. Dr. Brings nulled the piece of string that | ' communicated with tbo bell; -tho belli answered with a uoto liko a funeral knell. A bent woman,-with ragged grey hair, and a coloured handkerchief bound over one ?? eye, came from tbo bouse. "Mr*. Barker," whispered Dr. Brings, ? "Hm. Husband's been beating her, I mppose?" "I don't know. Her eya was all rij-ht resteriloy." "Oh, it's you, is it?" said Mrs. Bnrkar, reeing Dr. Briggs, and thon she slowly unlocked the gate, and took care to reloek, It wbe? the two doctors had passed through. | "Is Mp.-Carter at home?" asked ,Dr. Bntjg:}. " i'es. You'll find him in the front room. I'm a doing a bit o'washing-." She pointed to a row of raffed stockings and shirts dnnijlini; on ft line slretched between two stunted trees. "So I won't trouble to go indoors if you can find your way." '* I can iind my way perfectly well," said Dr. ; and ho led Dr. Twister up the steps, across the unswept hall, and into the front room. Three chairs and a ? deal table constituted the furniture. A pewter pot and a clay pipe lay upon the table, and. iti one of the chairs cat a man in his shirt sleeves sleeping, with his chin on his breast. A more blotchy,villainous-looking mau could not bo imagined. "Mr. Barker," whispered Dr. Brigfjs, an d then he began to scrapo his feet and cough |to signify his presence. Mr. ltarker with a loud grunt raised' his head, looked at his visitors stupidly through his lmlf-closed eyes a minute, and then said, as he suddenly recognised Dr. Brings, "Ask your pardon, gents. | didn't 'speet you quite 's- early. If my wife wasn't such an old fool she'd a let me know." With many apologies of this kind, Mr. Barker rose, put on the coat wliich lay 0:1 the floor, and . smoothed down his short, stubborn crop of hair. " I suppose you would like toseeMnrtha," said he, when these personal attentions v,cre completed. "Of course; and tho sooner the better, if you please," said Dr. Twister, majes- I tically. " I'm 'bleegod for to keep her lockcd up, in case she should break out voilent, don't ye know," said Mr. Barker, taking the key oiTa nail in tho wall. lie led the way upstairs, unlocked a door, mid, throwing it open, revealed his daughter. silio was a pale, thin girl, very neatly ami pimply dressed ; she sat by thoopon window, which overlooked u brickfield, and had a book in her hand. Dr. Twister regarded her for two minutes in silence, and then turning to Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs, he said, very coldly— "I wish to make my examination in private. Allow me to close tho door." This he did, leaving Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs on the outer side. Dr. Twister was closetcd with Miss Barkor for a long time. " I cannot form an opinion as to tho state of Miss Barker's mind until I have seen her several times," said lie to Mr Barker. "X again about this hour to-morrow In the meantime, you mustgivo her as much liberty as she requires, that I may ace if that diminishes the hallucination—if hallucina tion it' bo—under which she at present suffers." " Liberty, sir," said Mr. Barker. "You don't suppose I'm going to lay myself open to all manner of trouble on account of her violence, do yoi^'" " I will answer for it that she is not violent. No doctor—that is, no doctor with a reputation to sustain—will giveaeertilicato until he has proved to his own satisfaction that his patient's discaso is not curable by simple remedies." " Well, I don't mind letting her have tho run of the garden." " That will sutiice. Now, lam to under stand from you emphatically, Mr. Barker, that there is no ground whatever for your daughter's statement with regard to the inheritance of her aiiut's property?" " Why, blow ine, she ain't got no aunt.— and never had one, as I know on. I can't say no more than that. As 1 said to Dr. Briggs here, 1 can't prove that nothing ain't which never wusn't, except by saying of it, can I !" " Vory good. I shall require that state ment in wniLing to morrow." " I don't mind putting my hand to paper as fur as that goes," said. Mr. Barker, after some consideration. Tho doctor made a short bow, and retired with Dr. Briggs. "My young friend," said Dr. Twister, when they were seated in tho brougham, " this is one of tho clearest attempts at fraud which ever came under my notice; and were it not for consideration of your innocent wife and children, I should denounce you at once as a participator in this most infamous conspiracy. " OJi, my dear sir, 1 beg you to hnvo mercy on my poor wife, .md to think of my desperate situation." "I do. I also think with emotions of the tendercst kind of that unhappy young woman." ? " You thiiils*thcre is not tho slightest causo for considering her a lunatic." " Not the slightest in the world. She is as sano as I am. But what might result irtun the treatment of such a, villain as her father I will not undertake to say. From such a fato I am resolved to save her if it is possiblo." " How, sir ? " "That is my secret," said Dr. Twister. " As you valuo my mercy, and as you dread exposure, you will second the efforts I make on behalf of that j>oor girl." " Be assured, sir, that I shall." Dr. Twister made half-a-dozen visits to Miss Barker. Then he made a proposal to Mr. Barker. He undertook to take charge of Miss Barker for twelve months free of expense. But as Martha would be '21 in six months, her father emphatically refused to accept tiio offer. " Sl?b is my daughter," said he, " and she don't leave me until she enters a proper asylum. Not she." Then , Dr. Twister made a strong resolve. | " Mr. Briggs," said he, after paying tho seventh visit to Miss Barker, " I am resolved ! to save that girl at any cost, and 1 make no hesitation of disclosing my plan'to you, as I can punish you at any moment by rovealing your part in this nefarious scheme if you attempt to thwart, or if you tefuso to assist j my project." " I am in your hands, sir, and my conduct j will prove my gratitude better than my words." " (!ood. Now, I have arranged with Miss Barker—whom I find to be a young woman of decent education, of good feeling, and not nnplessing appearance—to escape from her father's custody. Further, 1 have obtained a license ami shall make her my wife. To-night, by means of a ladder, I shall carry her olf, and to-morrow I shall havo a legal right to protect her, and save her fortune from falling into the hands of that scoundrel her father. This will necessarily take nits away from my patients for a couple of days nt tho least. During that time you will attend to them—and little as yon may expect such generosity—l shall pay you for your services, shall take you round with mc this afternoon, and you will carry out my instruc tions with tho utmost care." Dr. I'rigrjs overwhelmed his magnanimous rival with the expressions of his grutitude, anil called Heaven to aid the successful carrying out of tho great Dr. Twister's humane scheme. Dr. Twister carried oft' Martha Barkor ami matle her his wife. He was in constant communication with Dr. Briggs and bis patients, and finding that everything was going on as well as could be wished, be extended the length of his honeymoon. Indeed, with v wife who would soon bo in legal possession of eighteen thousand pounds he couhl afford to neglect his practice, and i take that holiday which he hud so long denied himself. Ho found his wife a very agreeable woman, and had no reason to | repent his marriage until towards the end of i the month,when his wife exhibited symptoms of a most alarming kind. She said sho felt much better. The change had done her good ; anil she began to doubt the truth of that statement she had made in her illness. In fact, sho folt sure that her dear " Russy " need not trouble himself to send for a lawyer to investigate her case and seek her missing aunt, for she was positively certain that she , hail no rich aunt, anil that her supposition as to tho inheritance was but an idlo fancy, which would not longer trouble her now , that she was settled and happy. i s l ? I .. C . J Meanwhile; th\ Briggs was hecommg the idol of lit- Twister's patients, and- tho'best part of them declared that henceforth' they would never have, that stupid old doctor, with his pompous airs unit noxious inefbea eioDsilrugs to attend them. This was vet y agrecahlo to poor Charlie Briggs, and ho spent many a pleasant even ing with his old ' friends, ?(.. I); Barker (of the T, 11. Mashborough) and his Wife—who without, their wigs and paint looked no, ?more villainous than any other pair of low j comedians—in congratulating themselves on ; the happy idea which hail occurred'to them-: in the time of.their adversity, whereby Dr. Briggs had obtained a practice, ami Mr. aud Mrs. Barker, a well-to-do husband for their poor,'plain Martha.' i . ? For the blow which Dr. T.wistcr bad incurred there was no remedy but time. It would- havo ruined him to expose tlic facts, and although he saw plainly that ho bad been duped, he never attempted to punish those who had taken him in,for their retalia tion was to he feared.' He w.is very hitter with his wife for some time, but he wisely decided after awhile to make the bes'j of a bad bargain ; anrl Martha responded so readily tn bis kinder overtures, and showed herself—as many plain wivos do—such an amiable, considerate, anil lively companion, that he camo-in the course of timo to regard his bargain as a good one after all. One thing it did, it taught him hiuuamly, ami the result of that les-on is that sumctimes the.two doctors, their wives and children, and Mr. anil Mrs. Barker, sit down to dinner at the sumo table—and onjoy it.— lilun ol" jHe JIV/ii. 