OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) JCTNK 30. The date remind* me that it is the end of i tbe first half, and a very fad first hall it lia-i been for us. We aie now in the depth ol midwinter, and, as wo hope, the depth the depression, so that *ny movement must be upwards. Certainly there is room for it Those who know Melbourne longest have never known so bad a time, and those who may be able to see it out are little likely to ever forget it. Yesterday the number regis tered at the State Labor Bureau went over 7400\. The thing seems incredible, ai.d 1 cannot yet realise tbat it is actual fact. Why, 7000 people down to tbe bed-rock of destitu tion mean an army of men reduced to des peration, who woald soon pass from pamive endurance to active insistence, even if this meant mischief. Therefore 1 have an idea that these figures are misleading, that they are the registration of men who are not with out some resources, or that there has been a registration over and over again under different names perhaps to increase the chances of obtaining employment. This is partly borne out by the faot that the offer of work does not always secure a prompt acceptanoe, but that quite a large proportion seem to be particularly tastiaious, or, at any rate, more fastidious than hungry men usually are, about the sort of work they will accept. Tbus, when 60 men were noti fied to be on the railway platform the fol lowing morning to prooeed to the Qrcta Swamp whero employment awaited them, only 13 turned up, though it was explained tuat they would work dry-footed. Bo when 10 men were required for timber telling 400 names were called over before the requisite number had accepted. Again, when 60 men were required to paint the Treasury Build ings, the Minister of Pnblic Works stated that after application to the Labor Bureau only 27 were, with difficulty, obtained. Theee facts seem to be very inconsistent with the idea of a crushing depression ; but while it is these very particular people who make the public outory, there are thousands who are suffering in silence. On the toes of eome of the former Mr Graham, the Minister of Public Works, came down very heavily on .Tuesday. They were not satisfied with the way things were going at the Labor Bureau. Bo afcer oerta;n oi th«aiT leaders had delivered inflammatory , harangues, they inarched 1000 strong to the Treasury Buildings and sent in a deputation tn toll Mr Graham what be vivst do. Now. somehow, since the labor ticket proved a fiezle at the last election Ministers have stood very much ies^ in awu of Trades Sail influ ences. Indeed, the other day when a depu tation from the Engineers Society waited , [?? upon the Minister to tell him how shame- 1 fully the heads of the railway ''eparimunt were misconducting themselves in mem&tte;? ^ of whom they engaged aud what work they I gave them to do, this very Minister flared np ' and told them that it waa an outrage for them (the employes) to come there dictating to their employers. Wito equal oourage he told the Labor Bureau deputation that same men did not warn work, nor would they take it when offered. They were simply agita tors, and if they were not careful he wou.d a job in Pentridgd for some ot them, if thiB firm tone had been adopted at an earlier stage much of the present distress might have been avoided ; but then the eleotioue had first to be engineered. Though there is a lot of deep and dire dis tress among the men who hang round the Labor Bureau, the crowd is a very comfort able-looking one. They are all well and warmly dressed, as men unlaaiiliar with pri v&tioiij;&nd; thestockof tibacoo— very tan* bad tobacco— holds out bravely. But in locking at 1 can't help recalling the similar «rowd of loungers who ibrouged the street ooraere of Auokland in 1869, as the result of Che terrible collapse of the Thames gold-field. Then there comes back to me the remark of one unemployed philosopher who used to havnt the old Queen- street Wharf— a rickcty wooden structsie, alongside which the city sewer discharged* with results which, at Jo« tide, were suggestive of anything but vhe perfumes of Araby the Bleat. Said he : ' li it can't be avoided I don't want a better {place to be dei»d stone broke iu tha^ Auck land.' At low tide this pier is a rcgaiar Cod-send u- a starving man, because when he is ro ravenous thai he could eat Bmail clones he has only to come down and get one good snifter from that 6ewer, and for the next hour he couldn't touch a Lord Mayor's banquet. . fiumor has bean very busy witb big in connection with tbc^ Mer mntlL* Bank business, aud people are I now looking anxionely to See tne auno»:ice- j nent in tho cable meteapes oi Sir I Matthew Henry Davies' arrivai in Lon don. dome say he is there already Borne say there is «£ill the prospect cf a pretty long wiit before he gets there, and of a still longer wait before bis nstwrn to Mel bourne. People ore very muob likb porpoises —they have no pity on their own wounded. Hot tbat there is any certainty as to whether 1 the pity In thu case should not be whojy ceserved for those who suffer more heavily, itw.i more blamelessly. Buc it is impossible £q avoid contrasting the tone of remark - to-day with that of ot five years ago. Then the boom was at its eenith,and tbe mau who in * financial sense seemed to nde the whirl wind end direct the storm was Sir M. H. Dtries. He was the modern Midas, whose enkgie touch turned everything to t;cld. He was the Moute Cnsto of marvellous Mel bourne, whose wealth was incalculable. He , was the Foitunatus, whose purse was inox liaudtibie ; aud he was tbe Mascotte, whose atfociatioa with any aud every enterprise assured jts splendid Bucsens. as speaker he was the ornament of the As aembly. As a philanthropist his dona tions were fit tnousaads, with lavish hand, aud ax a social personage he the whole hill. Now what a change is ? here. Ichabod ! the glory has departed. ** But yesterday the word of Ch»4bt might have «tood against the world Slow none eo poor as do him reverenoe.' ?i u— ?' fhA reflidfincfi of the ex. Speaker at Toorak, has been dismantled. . The fnrnituie has all beeu sold by auction, and the sequel to the story is looked for in the winding np of the Mercantile Bank .affairs, Jt is rather unfortunate tor the attempts wv-ii are being made to restore British in the financial stability of mis country that one alter another of oar loading politicians should be die by their close connection witb these bad bur^U. Becent development in connection with the Real Estate Bank are ditle caLoulateato increase British respcot lor our ex- Premier and preeaz.t Agent* -General, Mr Jameu Monro The feelitg of ^confidence ia our public men will not be, increased by tiin connection of the late Speaker with the Mercantile mess; and, gust as we wete congratulating curselvea iAat we had got the heat possible Treasurer available to set thintre straight, he turcs out to be tarred with the s»me brush, and to be j dipped i' the Meicaatila ulongh ili;ht. up to the thrust, ^'o fondly hope that wo shall I -nt!t through these trouble Bome day; but just now uc aid like the members of that iil-a-a rtod family party the monkey, the terrier, and the cockatoo— We are having fi/oA a time ot it. I Tbe committee of the M.F.O. have not been content to underlie the censure of the Adelaide police magistrate as expressed in the fining of those innocent youths, Howe and Gibsou, for the disgraceful riot thay created at the Grown and Sceptre. Conse quently they have held a fuli and searohtng investigation Into the whole matter, and on the ve- seal evidence, tbat of the alleged calpi.w, they hate deoiarrd these youths to be completely exonerated aud liaro very severely censured the Adelaide police magis trate, Mr Pater, who foolishly held Ugh spirits aud innocent exhilaration to be offences worthy of fine and imprisonment Of course tbe comiuillen is qoite right, since who should know what to. k placo better that those who were actively engaged In the frolic. On the other hand, Mr Pater, P.M., was evidently contused by having to listen to both sides of the question, aDd' so he de livered a verdict totally against the evidence —that is, for the defeoce. Tbe result is that the team hau been bciontiiioally white washed, a:id thai the reuult is emi nently eatufactory for a'-l 'iut the general public. It is only a fortnight ago that a match cn the M.O C. Qtot.ud was finished by a prominent official of one competing team pnolicly aDd openly abasing the central umpire ae be came off tho ground, and witb tuete examples ul the force of discipline there should be a fair piogpect of football being entirely abandoned u- the ola&s; of sup porteff who condone or excuse this Btyle of rowdyism. A strangely romantic ceremony was per formed at the hriphton cmetory on Hatnr ! day sftir»ooD JsBt to mark the twenty-fourth I ann\«etBary- f the death of Adam Lindsay I Gordon. Mr J. Howictt Roes, a young I gentleman connected with the Jtiekvunid I fiiiardiitrt, has just returned from England, where be met the Isdv whose rejuction of i Gordon's lovo suit was thecau^e oi his emi- ] | gration to Australia Thiu ludy gave Mr i Aots a wreath ot English wild flowers to pl&cti; ou the poet's grave, and he invited all iovtrg of the 'Laureate of the Oentaurs'* Lo meet him und join in the tribute of re spect to tbe poet's memory. Accordingly ibout 70 ladies and gentlemen attended, and many wreaths were reverently laid by gentle nan -s beside that which apoke of the old love still lemembered as the incense of dear dead dayB. Mr Uoes then recited Kendall's 11 In Memoriam ' and some versus of his own, And the romantic ceremony was concluded. It may be mentioned that the lady whom Gordon did iu rf marry ie now a grand mother. Speaking of this cemctery, it is now a point of hpecial interest, because Bome fool has taken to playing ghost about it. He wears eome white costume, and has frightened the wits ont of some ha'f dozen ladies, one of whom has died. The Municipal Council have offered a reward of £10 for his apprt liencion, and there ate some people now looking for him with shotpuns. 1 would not like to take his chance of escape with a whole skin if they chance to get him within range. A proposal to ' make the ghost walk ' in another sense is now atiraoung eome con siderable degree of attention. It emanates from Mr George Godfrey, of the weli-known legal firm, who buggeB'S the formation of a ' I)epoei- Advance CompaLy,' to made ad vances on the deposit receipts of the different institutions now in liquidation, ne calcu lates that at least £7,000,000 is now locked np, and that £1.000,000 might safely be advanced against it and put in oircnlation. It is a very good idea, and if he can only carry it to practical issue the people will very piou6ly txolaim, God blees Mr George Godfrey. 