A THRILLING EXPERI ENCE. 1 had occasion soma monllu ego to go from a point a long dieliinoo up, on the Cowlitz Hirer, r.crocs the country toward the lice of t o railroad. For most of the diatar.ee the lead, or jathsr the track, led through a rough wild country, which was generally covtrrd with heavy forests, and tangled impenetrable thickets of under brush. More than foity miles were to be traversed. 1 started very early— shortly after daylight. 1 was mounted on a email Indian poBy, tf a scrubby, ignoble breed. Lest 1 should not he able to accomplish tho journey in one day, or raip.ht cot be able to reach some cabin ' along the route, "1 bad taken tho prcoanticn to strap a pair of whits blinkets bsbicd rny eaddle. Tho only weapons X had were a email pocket pistol— single- barrelled— and a email two edged airs. _Ob starting 1 bad_ noticed thtt my pony was slightly lame. Thinking bo would get over it when warmed up on the road, I pushed ahead.' However, tho lameness "increased, and long beforo noon 1 found that 1 should bavo to abandon the horse end make the remainder of the journey on foot, if another ni.irr.:.l could not be obtained. -No horse could ba obtained for lore or money, eo leav ing the crippled pony and the saddle at a logger's ranota, 1 pushed en, carrying my roll of blankttB cn my back. Tho trail wound round through deree, gloomy forests. Se thick and tall were the trees that the lofty, interlacing branches overhead abut out the 6un'a rays, and much of tho light of day. In a sort of sombr'-'twilight 1 pushed oa. Befcie 1 had cov ered many miles 1 began to feel sonic uncaeiucss a singular presentiment of evil foreboding. Still 1 wrr.t forward, striving to drive away thcprcFc-nti- ment by thinking of my business. However, tho feeling thnt there was some danger in my pathway increaeed. Some instinct toldme that 1 was being followed. Soon a peculiar whirring Bound, resem bling the purring of r.n enormous cat. attracted my attention. Gosling a quick glance behind me, ima gine my dismay - as seeing .in the tru.il. net foventy fiva yards awsy, a large, fines cougar. Tho animal was trailing along slowly with its belly elose to the ground, and switching its tail like a cat when preparing to spring on r.n um m-pecting mouse. Caching my eye :the cougar" suddenly stopped, placed its head close to tho eoit\ ar.d in a orouchmg attitude watched , inn intently". M7 situation was a very grave one. Armed with only a small pistol and kcife, miles from human habita tion, alone in the heart of a great gloomy forest, and confronted by-a large, hungry-looking cougar, my position was not to be envied. Fortunately, t was thoroughly . acquainted with the cowardly disposition of the animal. Unloes pressed by hunger I knew tho -cougar would not- openly ottsck ins. Grasping my pistol in one hand and the knifa in the other, I turned and advanced toward the lurking foo. Tho cowardly crsntcrc re treated. To emphasize matters I disubarged ir.y pistol, taking precious good c&re; tc shoot wide of the mark. To wound the animal was the last thing in tho world I wished to do. D.-libarately reloading 1 then turned and moved rapidly : forward, keepiog a sharp lookout over my shoulder. Tneoougir persistently dogged mo. Sometimes it gamed on me and I would have to drive it bask by shouting and diEOhBrging my pistol. This I kept up for about two hours. I hoped to finally frighten tho animal away, bat it still dogged my footsteps. X pressed on, weary and loi ttora, hoping coon to to emerge from the forest or to roaoh some wayside cabin. O.-ice on open ground I feit ears the animal would abandon the pursuit. Hat tha timber appeared to grow thicker. To add to my fesrs night was ooming cn, and there - were portcr.tiius signs of a coming storm. Low muttering thunder was heard far away, and 1 could hear the wind, that preceded the tempest gathering its forces fsr back in the forest. Darkness feil until I could scarcely distinguish the tortuous trail. 3 fill my foe followed relentlessly. Soon the amorphous blaokcees swallowed np everything. By feeling my way cautiously I oould follow the trail. Presently I reached tho brink of a steep ravine. Below me I heard thG hiss and roar o! a stream. Ilroad streaks of lightning (1 ishod aorocs tho heavon3. By waiting for these flashes I mado my way down the ravine. At the bottom flowed n broad, swift stream aorosa which the trail led. I oould not tell how deop it was, but oross it I must. Taking advantaga of a flash I plung9d in. The water was almost wai6t deep and cold as ice. Through thi3 stream I floundered narrowly escaping being carried iff my feet by the force of tho torrent. Finally, I reached tho opposite sido. 1 scrambled out, dripping wet and chilled to the marrow. By the nest bright gleam I conld eee the oougar on Hits OJopiTito side, jest at the brink, orouching as if for a spring. In sheer desperation I fired at him, and turning rushed up tha fstecp, rugged trail, B'aik gloom again succeeded. I stood still, my heart beating madly ; I expected that the cougar would now certainly at tack and rend me. Just then the animal gave a wild, fearful saream and plunged into the stream. Another flash came. As I turned tc fly, I saw the oougar mid-stream, struggling desperately in the mad torrent and making towards me. Before the gleam faded there came another hlioding, fiprc.fl f»larP fnllntvpH hv an avxvfnl Tvn.il nf thunder. _ Once more I turned and flsd up tha trail. This time I reached tno top, and at the same instant there came another blood curdling eorcam from the enraged oougar. I rushed precipitately 00, and in a moment reaohed an opening in tha timber. My pistol being empty was useless, bo I flung it away and grasped my dirk. 1 looked around and dis covered that I stood upon tho edge of a Email clearing. Not a hundred yards away, X saw, with a joy that no language oan portray, the light of a candle shining through a window of an bumble log- cabin. Help and safety wero at hand. X shouted loudly, and a course, heavy ' Hulloo there I" oaico back in response. The loud baying cf a dog greeted me that sounded sweeter than any rousio 1 ever beard. But little remains to bo told. The brave dog rushed past ma, and making for tho cougar, which was only a few yards away, quiokly treed him. The logger at onee comprehended tho situation. Telling mo to go to tho cabin, bo seized bis rifle and hurried to the spot where his dog stood barking and waited for a lightning flash. It came a moment later al most as bright as day. Xt revealed the oougar crouching on a large limb, not more than forty feet from tho ground, just ready to hurl himself upon the dog. There was a sharp cr-aok, and the ball crashed through the oougar's skull. Uttering a piercing ory, tho creature fell to the ground, and after a brief struggle ingloriouely gave up the ghost. Just then the long- impendir-g tempest broke forth in all its fury. Tnat night 1 remained at the logger's cabin, and partook of his rough but wholesome cheer. Early the next morning 1 reaohed my destination without further adventure. Tha cougar that came eo near getting my scalp wss a very large old male. By actual measurement it was nearly nine feet from tip to tip. It was the narrow est escape from' a horrible fate : ever had. The experience has taught mo one useful leseon ; I will nc-vrr again venture alone through the lonely woods wit host having a truaty Winchester in my band. 