CUP DREAMS BV THE STAFF. (All Rights Reserved). This year's Cup lias beou remarkable for the number of dreams in connection with it, and in no qunrter, perhaps, liavo theso noc turnal vaticinations boon moro manifestod than in tlio classic precincts of tho Bibd office. Wo rofrainod from publishing any of theso droams last weak out of consideration for tho Old Un's foolings, who was grafting for us in Melbourne, and also becauso wo woro unwilling that tho publio should rush the totes on tho particular fancies of various distinguished niombors of tho staif. What tho .result of the Cup would have been had those dreams boon published last week will evor remain a sad and silont mystory. Thousands might havo boon lost to tho hookios, and tho army of tipstors who so lamentably failed to pick the winner might linvo vindicated their right to bo considorod " as sich." Here aro some of tho dreams. Ono of our Btnff (a fomalc mombor who shall bo namcloss) conceived a wild idea that U.K. was the absolute winner, her solo reason for first droaming of it being that kor lord and mastor had 011 tho night of tho first occasion — wo moan E. K.asion— come homo drunk and E. Kapablo minus his ICoys ! A subsequent . droam about E. K. mado it look like a certainty. It arose out of a vision in conncc tion with tho Broken Hill Striko loadors, in which Koys formed a prominent foaturo, and tho motto, " Liberty, Uknlity, and Fratornity," loomod on tho wall in lottors of firo. The droam reached a climax whon Toddy the Tapeworm appoarod as gaoler, and U.K. was theroaftor considered a dead bird. AZIM. Tho wliolo staff as ono man dreamed of tho above on Friday wook last, and in not a fow cases tho dreams woro most realistic. This may bo accounted _ from tho fact that tho " ghost walks " on Friday in most printing offices, and that it oftou happons tho wholo staff has 'orn." This was considorod a sufficiently propitious onion to warrant tho staff in putting their shirts on, and tho ad ditional faot that tho Bobs was that night scizod with a spasm, which undoubtedly rhymes with Azim, was considorod a3 nothing moro than a divino inspiration from Bacohus. Baochus — wo mean hackors (not Backhouso) —should bowaro of such will-o'-the-wisp indi cations. TITAN-. Tho Prodigal throo nights previous to tho Cup got oh the burst, but was pullod up by the Rooster and Tottie Titefit, who were having a iittle supper at the Australia. Tho Prodigal is particularly swoot on Tottie. and madly jealous of the Rooster. Ho wont home and droamed a dream, and next day for some unaccountable reason pawned ovory thing, oven to his nail cloanor, and put it on Titan. SINGAPORE, " Vera x" has always boon under tho delu sion that lie can sing, and, despite tho warning of the Cup result, still uufortunatoly remains under it. On Tuesday week this voracious journalist joined tho noblo army of dreamers, and drcauiod that ho was at Mordialloc race course singing before a vast audionce, " Como into tho Gardon, Maud," but the crowd wouldn't havo it at any prico, and stoned him with egg3. Tho extraordinary nature of tho dream con- viuood Vcrax that this was a voico from boavon, so putting two nnd two together, and taking tho word Maud in conjunction with Mordialloc, and tho fact that ho was con sidered a poor singer, ho quietly, socrotively, and solfiahly put his pilo on Singapore, and went down, SCRIP. Tho mining editor of our effete old contem porary, tho " People's Watchdog," was 110a- turnally' inspired as far back ago as sevon weeks in connection with tho abovo-uamod animal. Ho dreamed that ho had mado a fortnno out of Bonanza Consols, and thought it good enough to put a pony 011. N.B.— Tho horso was scratched boforo the dream. CUMINO. Tho Hoditur wont mad on this nag, and gavo as his reason that ho had ascendod tho Post-oflico clock tower, whon Daniol O'Connor suddenly appoarod 0:1 tho scone, caught him by tho throat and the slack part of his pants, and exclaiming at tho snmo time, "Cmnmiu over," hurled him into tho arms of William Patrick Crick, who was waiting to cntcli him with a hay- fork. Tho bald-hoaded fossil who wields the scissors and paste in this office, thinks this tho most remarkablo dream of tho year, and is sending it to Mr. Stead. ST. BLAISE. This was a very simplo droam of the genial Mr. Larmour, who communicated it to tho Boss. Ho dreamed that ho was riding into Coogee on an ass (no other than the deceased ' Dick ") and came across a bishop preaohing in tho vicinity of the Aqnariiuu, which is by the sea, and ho spuruod tho bishop and straightway exhorted him to go to B!aiso3, whereupon tho worthy bishop ran violently down a Btccp place into the sea and left tho "Field " clear. THE WORIOIAN was droatnt by Paddy tho Ram, who has boon at -it for yoartf. He pawnod lius lolly tin and went a cropper. — DARE DEVIL. . Daystar is a bit of a ono himself. So ha backed Joo Burton's goo, and got done. LA TOSCA. This horso was droamt by Mrs. Brown Betlor, who wirodit to Billy, tho Offis Boy who backed it. STAR OP ERIN. A man named Erin- go-bragh dreamt this liorso won the Molbourno Cup. Ho is now tho throe star of Erin. FORTY WINKS. Tho Rooster had forty winks after going his matutinal rounds. Result, lo3s of ton quid. CLEMENTS TONIC, Tho Old 'Un having been od a bender ono night bought a bottlo of Tonic, and staggorod home with it under tho impression it was hair oil. Ho anointed his eldest youngster's head with' tho solution, and thon placed the bottlo by his bodsido. During tho night he awoko with a mighty thirst upon him, and grasped tho bottlo. Ho swal lowed half tho contents, and thcu droamt lio wa3 a patont medicine factory, and tho tonic wa3 being manufactured uudor him. Next morning ho put a quid on Clement's Tonic. 