An Ode To The Modern Walts. Tis a kind of mild gyration, 'Tis tho Military Waltz A sort of murchc fuiiii'jvc, mixed With some very sudden halts, As your partner, vainly striving To revolve, is forced to stop ; And your mauly arm is aching, And you're nearly fit to drop; While the moments are so melting, And you can't account at all, For the ponderous persistence Of the "Fairy " of the ball Her weight is but a trifle, If she steps upon the scale ; She looks so like a Zephyr Tliat you crowd on every sail • With a feeling of elation, With a consciousness of power, You go, for twenty yards at least, At forty knots an hour ; But a deadly drag is on you, And, alas ! your dream is false, For you find you have to wrestle With the " Military Waltz !" This Waltz, which isn't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures. Looking somewhat " ready-nutde " As they zig-zag, slide and shuffle, Turn round twice, and then appear As if they "really had to stop," They felt *'so very queer." Where is the old-time wultziug ? And the waltzers, where are they ? Here's a lady fair I waltzed with Twenty years ago to-day, " We'll try a turn for ' auld-lang-^yne ' She smiled, and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing was a charm ; Her form was somewhat solid. Yet her step was light as air; As we floated round the room, I, Thus, apostrophised the fair : " This is the good old waltzing-, Thus in the days of yore, Our steps beat time to th' music, On many a festive floor ; I coiild -whirl for hours together. For your waltzing is just divine ; And you weigh like the ghost of a fea ther, Which I reckon a gracious sign That your style is correct and upne other:" Then she sighed, as she told of a youth, Who said that'' she waltzed like his mother! And he possibly spoke the truth. FRANK MORLEY What the Unskilled Applauded.—Let a woman whose sole gift lies in a voice of nnasaal compass, force oat the G or F of the lower octive until it becomes more like the groaning oi an invalid than a musical tone, or let her squeak out the F in the third ledger line until it sounds aa beautiful as the cry of a pet lap dog on whose toes aome one has stepped, and it will suffice to fill the hall with enthusiastic plaudits. Another songstress, who may be able to sing the simplest melody without giving one the cramps, and whose warmth approaches the temperature of a Canadian iceberg, will perhaps display a flexibility of voice to rival that ot an installment. When she sets up her fireworks and rockets in the form of scales, in sixteenths, and pierces one's tympanam with her infernal trills, with awful persistency and withont taking breath, we may rest assured that the barquet will spring ap from its seat and howl in ecstacy. And still another singer may have the idea that declamatory expression, or emphasis, let it be correct or false, but at all events strikingly axaggerated, constitute all of the dramatic musio; that these qualities properly enjoy the priveleges of superseding beauty of tone, time and rythm ; that they folly suffioe to repigce the real contents, musical form, melody, tempo and key. To fill <the exaggerated demands of Buch bombastic, high flying, affected and conceited style, he assumes the right of taking unwarranted liberties with most imgortant works. Yet, if he brings this system of play before a oertain public, he may be assured that the most lively and honest entbuiastn will reward him, because he has murdered a great master, destroyed a masterpiece, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a QO^I? passion. . The Public Letter Writer.-The terivan still exists in Rome, although with the spread of education and the public eohooi bis race is nearlyirun. This one before us is a fine-lookingold.man, with kindly eyeH and benevolent expression, which wins confidence at once, both from the peasant girls who tomes to him to write a love letter, and from her lucky swain as* well, who &ko; seeks! his aid, both to read the letter and pen the reply. Italian letters an not like English ones, full of news and pergonal items, but fervent epistles, replete witn ^^aion and sentiment and a plentiful Bupptyiof exclamation marks. Bat in the moment in which we oome upon the tcrivano, it is not with gid or lover that he is engaged, batman old woman, seemingly older even than himself, a veritable old witoh who, bent over, and with one hand helping her ear, is listening with all the concentration while her old faculties are capable of, while the scrivano reads aloud to her the letter Bhe had submitted to him. Who can realise how precious those written words may be to the listening'woman for without doubt they tell her of her children far away, the boy or the girl or both, whom years ago ahe used to watch -while at play in the square or by the fountain, and who now, in distant climes, are struggling to gain a^livetihbod in aome strange land where all is in bitter contrast to the light and warmth of ".oara Soma." Held-marslial the Buke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, spent all the early years of his life at Hanover, where his father acted as Viceroy until 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. He is somewhat of & martinet, and speaks English with a very strong German accent. He is a tall, finely built old man, with white hair and whiskers, an apoplectic neck, and a rubicund face which shows traces of good living. His manner, when not storming at delinquent soldiery, is bluff, frank, and hearty. He is fond of good cigars, good dinners, pleasant company, and a nap after and even during his meals. The only time when he had the opportunity o! displaying his prowess on a battle-field was in the Crimea, where be showed great pluck personally, but lost his head {completely as a leader. He has had many love-affairs, which culminated in a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown tosncicty, but by whom he has had a numerous family. Two "of his sons, the Colonels Fitz- Geoige, form part of bis official staff, while another of bis boys, Captain Fitz-George, of the Uoy.il Navy, has distinguished himself in the sister Bervice. He is a good son, and never lets a day pass without walking around to St. James's Palace to spend half an hour with his old mother, the venerable Duchess of Cambridge. He is very sensitive to newspaper criticism, and was reoantly much distressed at being lampooned for having appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over his head to keep off the pelting rain. Prof-Fischer.of Erlangen. has discovered that the olfactory nerve is able to dct-ct thcprescnce of 1-2 17(>0,000 of a grain of nv. n nptan. If " mercaptan " is another name for Yarra Yarra, the professor's discovery will surprise no one who is intimately acquainted with the robust flavor of that " silvery stream." " The water Of the so-railed meilical lake near Spokane is so charged with ecitnin salts that it is like lye, and is used ill making soap. When the wind blows the waves soon make soapsuds of the water, the froth, or lather, piling in along the sbcre Nevertheless, this is no lie." 