HERALDS OF AUSTRALIAN LITERATURE. (Paper read before the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, by Rolf Boldrewood.) Mr. John Ling (not related to the distinguished 'c'eryman of tbat name) was one of the Sydney Grammar School pupila as far back as 1834 At an early age he begaa to exhibit exceptional ability. Ha was fortunate in being able to go " home" (long may it be ere this good old synonym for Britain be discarded by Australian?), and to be entered at an English University. There he took his degree, was admitted to the Bar, and returned to Sydney with the intention of entering the political arena under the aj'is of Mr. Went- Worth. After a short experience he decided to try faia fortune at the Indian Bir. An admirable linguist and admittedly brilliant advocate, he there acquired both fame and fortune, more than one of the latter, it is said, but unfortunately dispersed almost as soon as made. He was connected at the time with one of the leading newspapers (the Englishman). He amused HIB leisure by writing novels, and a volume of sketches called " Wanderings in India." This last is now out of print; but I well remember several of the sketches. It re* sembles, in originality and picturesque effect, nothing so much, in my opinion, as those wondorful ci eat ions of the grandest artist of the day in that School of Design, the splendidly meteoric, Rudyard Kipling. His more completed productions, the "Ex-Wife," "York, you're wanted," " Will he marry her ?" and others, were, in their day, highly succesful, being admirably true to the state of society, which they purposed to describe. These all ' dealt with the men and manners of our Eistern Empire. But in his mo3t popular novel," The Forger's Wife," the scene is laid in Syduey, in the old old days of transportation. It is a powerful, if occasionally painful book. I: eells even now in all the colonies and it> England by the thousand, and, as is sot uncommon in the history ot authors and their best productions, no relative of the late Mr. Lang has beneficial Interests in the copyright. The Hon. William Forster, ex-Agent- General for New South Wales, though to all intents and purposes an Australian, was one of those Englishmen who, in their infancy, came to Australia. Like his great contemporary Wentworth, he was the son of an Irish atmy surgeon, belonging on the mother's aide to a race of Kentish fqulres. He adopted the fashionable pa^oral profession on attalniEg manhood, and had his share of the dangers of the wilderness, though such were his strong literary proclivities combined with so combative and critical a bent that oo circumstances would have estopped him from intellectual coLflict. His earlier literary tffjrts were directed against the ruling policy of the day, and a jeu d'esprit published iu the Atlas newspaper, entitled " The D-'vil and the Governor," is still remembered. Another satire, " The Genie and the Ghost," followed. In a later day ho wrote poems, which, though of high order, were hardly calculated to suit the popular taste. He deserted the domain ot poetry in his later years for the more absorbing triumphs of party-politics, where he obtained full recognition, alike by friend and foe, as, «' In close fight a champion firm, In oampa a leader sage."; Of unchallenged integrity, of exact and pitile. c s logic, faultless in diction, elegant in versification, the name cf William Forster, as author and critic, will always be associated with tbe literary movement of bis day, while bis steadfast. adherence to principle, his stubborn championship of abstract justice in every form, public or private, should serve as an txemplar and beacon-light to latter day politicians. William Bede D«liey was born in Sydrey in 1831. He was chit fly. in leed almost entirely, educated at the Grammar School, then known as tbe Sydney College. I shall always consider Ddlley, whom 1 had the honor of knowing intimately, one of the most surprising instances of the uprising of genius amid circumstances not particularly favourable, which this century has produced. L ; ke Carly le, his parents were of humble birth and station, neither having any pronounced tendency towards tbe pursuits in which their gifted eon was desliaed so prominently to excel. Wonderful indeed must hare been the natural capacity from which the Bound, but not exceptional, method ot education which be received, produced auch astonishing results. As an orator, a poet, an essayist, a debater, a succes de salon, he was indeed almost unequalled ; as a barrister he took high rank. Poetical and imaginative, he yet filled the high office of Attorney- General without failure of the good sense and practical knowledge, in which the sons of genius are held to be deficient. The most charming of conversationalist?, with a winning maimer, refined, persuasive, delicately deferential, dignified by turns, there was no society, . European or Australian, of which he was not fitted to be a distinguished member. His range of reading was widely comprehensive, his memory accurate and tenacious. He was an exceptionally good linguist, as we'l as au advanced classical scholas. As a minister he will always be remembered in association witb the memorable Soudfcn Expedition, through which, for the first time, Australia was enabled to repay in kind a portion of the lavish expenditure by which our infant nation had. .been fostered by their august motherland. Daniel Henry Denlehy was another of the fcrlUtot ww»tiQ»< fcttf to arise, «nt<i the sombre atmosphere of coloniil life. B-irrs ir [ Sydney in 1828, be was fortunate, after having commenced his studies under a mister who was a remarkable lirguist, in continuing them at tbe Sydney College, then, as afterwards, famous for th« imparting of a Bound "classical education. TJolike the majority of classical students, he still pursued his French and Italian studies, resdiig under his first teacher, Mr. Johnson. At the age of fifteen he was taken by his parents to England, with thr vUw of entering the University of Oxford. Bat,, for certain reasons, he was left in charge of a tutor. He fcund time and opportunity to visit his Irish relative. It was the eventful year of 1848, when, as was natural, ha fell it with members of the Young Ireland Partv, with whom he ever afterwards sympathised. On his return to Sydney he adopted the profession of a solicitor, and was articled to that modern Macce ias, Mr. N. D. Stenhouse, the ever geaerous patron of men of letters. Ofcouree he became a contributor to the newspapers of the day. " HiB sketches at once attracted attention from their unusual »it?or and originality. During the winter ot 1853 he delivered a series of lectures on "Modern Literature" in the Sydney Mechanics' School of Arts. He was a brilliant speaker, and more thaa one of his speeches has been quoted as evidencing remark- able oratorical power combined with political insieh\ He WSB shortly afterwards returned to Parliament for Argyle, and in 185S for West Macquarie. At the passing of the E ectoral Reform Bill he withdrew from public life. In 1860 he hecame one of the proprietors of Hue Southern Gross, to which he contribute'! a number of essays and review on leading litterateurs. His essay on Di Qiincsy has always been considered a masterpiece ot appreciative examination. In 1863 he went to Melbourne, where, for nearly two years, he conducted the Victorian, a political j mrual ol decided poiicy. Like other promising ventures, the management was inferior to the literary talent-. It failed, ruining the hopes and career ot Ddniehy, the lamp of i whose life appeared to expire with the fated j jurnal. (7*0 be continued.) 