WHY ARE STRIKES PROLONGED? The American Manujaclurcr of September J), published at Pittsburg, contains the follow ing interesting and suggestive article in refe rence to the local iron strikes, under the head ng ' Why are the Strikes Prolonged?' :— 'There is not a labour contest in progress at my iron or steel works in the Pittsburg dis irict in which the men have a ghost of a ihance cf success. Duqueane is in full opera lion, chiefly with the old workmen. Some !,500 men, chiefly new men, are at work at blomestead, turning out as good material as vos ever made, including armour- plate that jaasea inspection. At Thirty-third-street old workmen are refused places, their positions laving been filled ; while at Twentynintjh itreet the mill and forge are both running 'airly full. Shoenberger is in operation, despite ;he strike, with more than half of his old men. A.t Beaver Falls no attempt has been made to start, but there will be no trouble co operate ;he mill when the condition of trade justifies ;he effort. 'And yot, notwithstanding every one of these works, with the exception of Beaver Falls, is in active and successful operation, at jvery one of them there is a strike in pro gress, according to the laws and action of the Amalgamated Association, which holds that until it chooses to say that a strike ia ended it is still going on. ' Under these circumstances, with thoae mills running, why are these strikes pro loDged ? Why continue strikes that out off all bope of any of the strikers who remain out aver obtaining their old or any other posi tions at these works? The men certainly realize the condition of affairs. It is an insult to their intelligence to believe that they think they have any hope of success. They had at one time, or they would not have entered upon these strikes ; but those who have re mained loyal to the commands of the Associa tion have seen their positions filled by others. At first they honestly believed that the skill required was such that men could not be readily educated to take their places, and that the Amalgamated so controlled skilled labour that no man who had the skill to do the work or to teach others could be secured. Possibly some of the skilled men still cherish the3O beliefs, but the publio doe3 not. The be3t evidence that these beliefs are erroneous is the fact that production and shipment go on. It is true, no doubt, that some bad material is made, and that some that is shipped may be returned, that some men about the rolls and furnaces are injured, but did none of these things happen beforo June 30 '! Was no bad material made prior to that date ; no men hurt ? The belief that these new men cannot operate the works must bo given up, unplea sant a* this acknowledgment must be, just us the belief that the old nailers were necessary to the 1 aiming of tho Wheeling Mills had to be abandoned. The mora intelligent workmen realize this. Why then are theae 3trikes prolonged ? ' One reason is that certain men still hope that thoy will ultimately secure their old posi tions and at the same time by continuing the strike maintain their standing with the Union. Tliey know that the manufacturers dislike change of workmen, and that they prefer old and experienced men, and the hope is that when tho trouble is over the places will be theirs again. No doubt, things being equal, the manufacturers do prefer the old men, and no doubt it is very expensive to educate new men, just as expensive probably as it waa to educate the men who are striking, which was ; done by theEe same manufacturers, but at most of the works moat of this expense has been incurred, and with every day's work tho skill of tho new men increases and the expense decreases. Tbe old men must also remember that when these men are taught there are two Bkilled where before there was but one. If it is true that there are but few men who could fill the most highly paid jobs it is also true that there are but few such jobs to fill, and when the new man fills it what will the old workman do ? There is not another such job for him. ' Again, while some men have hope that, though thpy continue to strike, they will ulti mately get their old positions, there are others who know that all hope of re-employment is gone. Theao will gain nothing by a close of the strike, and can justify ita existence only by continuing it and talking loudly of ulti mate succeEs. All of those who know their old positions are lost insist of a necessity upon the continuance of the strike, as it is only during; its existence that) they will get strike benefits, and meagre as these may ba they are bettor than nothing. 'But theee are minor reasons. The chief causes for the prolongation of the strike are two. In tho first place, to close the strike would end all interest in it, and with so many of the strikers under arrest, and with their trials and all of tho expense- of the same near at hand they cannot cut oS supplies. The strike must continue until these trials are ended, and acquittal or conviction is secured. It is an absolute necessity until these trials are finished that tho strikes continue. It is only by their continuanca that funds and publio sentiment can bo maintained. 'Further, neither the leaders nor the con servative portion of the rank and file dare suggest that these strikes, especially that at Homestead, be brought to a close. It does not make any difference who brought on the strike the cool heads must end it, and it will tax their judgment and skill to 'let go.' Too many rosy predictions, too many boundless promises have been made to allow the great mass of strikers to permit the strike to be ended at this time unless it gives them thoir old places. A blatant fool, if he be very blatant, can start a labour contest. It re quires a courageous, wise man to end it, and even then his courage and wisdom may not save him. We speak advisedly when we say that the abuse visited upon Mr. I rick would be honied praise compared with that that would be vented to-day upon any ono who would go into a Lodge meeting of strikers and advocate declaring the strike at an end. A prominent gentleman of this city, a w«jll-kaown friend of labour, recently suggested to a pro minent member of tha Amalgamated Associa tion that he make an effort to close tha Home stead Btrike. The reply was an intimation that his life would be at stake if he did bo. We know it to be a fact that again and again when Cons:rvativo members have in the Lodges opposed strikes, or have advocated declaring them off they have been mob with threats of bodily harm, the usual form of reply to the suggestion being an intimation to ' knock off the head' of the offender, or to 1 throw him cut of tho window,' using an epithet in designating him that we will not repeat. We have also heard that an officer of the Amalgamated Association went armed for two years after advising the closing of a strike and helping to bring its end. ' TheBe are some of the reasons why the strike is prolonged. This is why tho leaders do not dare Bay, what we believe they realize, that the hope of bucccs3 is gone. It is a fear of the result to themselves and to others that keeps them from suggesting and ordering an end of the strike. ' However, the end niusb comq, and tho day when the strikers not only realize tho situa tion, but give voice to it, is not far away; The ' Day of Judgment' ia coming.' 