THREE THOUSAND rOTJNDS FOR A HAMSH BED. Tlie widow Appleby, called Aunt Sanianthy bv her neighbours, was tidying up a room which had been fur nished for a sleeping room, and in it also a desk, a bookcase, and a little row of drawers, in which fragments precious to a geologist had been care fully stored. The desk and hook case j Aunt Sanianthy regarded with rev erence,. The drawers she did not understand. Bits of stone, hits of | ore : she emptied them all into her »pnw. and dumped them with other ' odds and ends out of the window upon a flower bed tnat had been dug up that year. Aunt Sanianthy hud no heart for gardening. Things had gone \erv wrong with her, and the death of her old hoarder, a Californian miner, who bad made and lost several fortunes, had put tlic finishing touch to her woes. His room it was that she was no putting to rights, knowing that she should never see the old white head and kindly smile again. ' I felt it more tlian anything else, after losing poor Peter she sighed as a tear rolled down her cheeks. ' lie was always so kind to me.' As she spoke there came a heavy step on the porch, and looking out of the. window she saw her cousin Jedediah Twombley, standing there, j cdedia.h was a rich man, lately made richer by an inheritance from his grandfather, who had lived to be one hundred and live years old, and died, leaving all to his wealthy grandson and nothing to his extremely poor grand daughter. It was natural that the thought should sting the widow as she looked at him. ' Horning ! ' said Jedediah. ' Morn ing, Cousin Sanianthy. I stepped up to get the shade. 1 feel the sun con siderably, and my horse had lost a shoe, and I have sent Simon to get it fixed ; thought I'd light here anil see how you got on.' ' 1 don't get oil at all Jedediah,'' saiil Samantliy. ' Not as I should if Grandpa Twombley had left me some thing, as I always reckoned he would : I and now my poor boarder is gone I've ? got that pass I've had to sell the cow.' I 'Too bad ! ' said Jedediah, ' Well | come and get a pan of milk anv . time.' ' Two miles there and back ; thank ye,' said the widow. ' Do you know ! if I was you, Jedediah, what 1 do? I'd say. ' Cousin Samantliy, I'm rich and you're poor. I'll give you a little slice of the big un grandpa left me.' That's your Christian duty seem' gran pa was a bundled and five, and weak minded when he died. He'd liev done it ten years ago and you know it, too.' ' Pshaw,' laughed Jedediah. ' But you are a woman ; that's your excuse for talking idiotic. I'm not a mean man. I'll give you five dollars down, Sanianthy, and property is property, and wills is wills, and not to be broken.' ' Well, 1 don't set up for proud, and I'm so poor that this is a good deal to me,' said Sanianthy, taking the money. ' 1 reckon Gran pa's spirit is around somewhere prompting you to do right, seein' you influenced him to do wrong.' ' Now Sanianthy, grandfather was not influenced by me ! That I can tell you ! ' said Cousin Jedediah. ' He always felt that you made a mistake iu stepping oil with Peter. Peter was one of those folks that never prospers. ' What's the use,' grandfather used to say to nie, 'of helping Samantliy, when Peter ? ' ' ' Poor Peter is gone;' said the widow, taking her handkerchief from her apron pocket, Do not talk against him. He was just as kind as kind could be.' ' No doubt,' said Jedediah, hur riedly— ' no doubt. 1 didn't mean any offence. I always thought Peter quite ? But what was you a doin' when 1 came in — house-cleanin' ?' ' I was cleanin' out the spare room,' said the widow. 'It's been shut up quite a spell — since the Californy gentleman died. 1 thought I'd let it if 1 could. I might take a few boarders this summer, if they would come.' ' I'll pay for an advertisement,' said Jedediah, who was worth a mlillion and a half; 'and I'll let you have lots of cucumbers of)' our place. If you'd seed this bed up instead of pitchin' rubbish on it, you could grow tilings here now. You could grow radishes right under your window. Summer boarders generally thinks radishes liulsonie.' ?' I just emptied the bureau drawers out onto that bed. There was a lot of rubbish in 'em ; aud I meant to dig it over, only I ain't very robust.' ' I'll let Simon dig it for you,' said Jedediah ; ' and you can seed it down, and it will be a comfort to you.' By this 'time Simon, who had been slowly driving up hill, stopped at the gate, and Jedediah called to him : — ' Simon you just take the spade and dig over Airs. Appleby's garden. I'll drive home myself. Good-bye, Sanian thy. I think that idea about the sum mer boarders is a good one'; and jumping into his waggon, he drove up the road, glad to get rid of his poor cousin. Simon looked after this cousin with a very peculiar expression. ?' Some folks are born fer luck and some for children,' lie said sententi ously. ' I've got four.'. ' And I've got three,' said the widow. ' Now, Simon, don't do that unless you want to. 1 know you have plenty to do.' '? I'd just as lief,' said Simon. ' What have you been throwin' out here, Mrs. Appleby ? ' ,, Rubbish out of my Californy boarder's bureau drawers,' said Sirs. Appleby. What he kept it here for I don't know.' Simon laughed, picked up one or two J bits of something and put them in his pocket. The bed was nearly spaded when Mrs. Appleby looked out again, and Simon was gone. . As Jedediah Twombley eat on his porch that night, counting up the profits of his hay crop, a voice behind ' him cried : — ' Mi'. Twombley. I've got sutliin' 1 want to show you.' He turned. It was Simon who had spoken, and he held in his hand a fragment of something dark and heavy. ? ' See here,' he said, in a whisper. 'I've been to the gold mines in luy time, and if this ain't gold J '11 give up and say i'm lacking.' ' Oh. to lie, sure, to be sure,' said the old man, clutching the lump nervously, 'To be sure! Where did you iind it?' ?' In the \\\ idder Appleby's garden. Dug it up out of the flower garden you told iiic to spade for here' ' Then there's gold on the place ! I've always thought there was gold there, I've always said so!' said Simon, with a twinkle in his eye : — ' I've heered you. Now, what a thing that will be for that poor wid der — a gold-mine on her place ! ' ?Jedcdiah's eves gleamed greedily in the dim twilight. ?'Hush, Simon!' lie whispered. ' Promise me you won't tell her or anybody. I'll make it all right with you. You're kind of uncomfortable where you be with your small family. ] '11 let you have the frame-house on the hill at the same rent. Don't mention it. I'll make it right with Sirs. Appleby. Though, after all, this mayn't be gold.' ' P'r'aps not : but old miners like me rather calculates to know,' said Simon. 'Ef you don't mind, I'll move up to tlie frame-house to-morrow. Wait a bit. Let's us go over to the widder's. I'll pretend it's to sow the radish seed, if you'll give me some, and we'll see if there's any more lay ing round.' ' Good enough !' said Jedediah Twombley. ' A bright idea ! ' Accordingly, to the Widow's sur prise. Simon took the seed over, and the sowing done, brought back to his master waiting in the wagon under the trees three or four specimens of the same ore. which Jedediah took at once to a celebrated mineralogist of the nearest town, who declared that where these came from there was as suredly a gold mine. Trembling with delight, Jedediah went back to walk around the widow's house in the moon light, where she, seeing him through the curtains, took him for a tramp, and was frightened almost out of her senses. Several things happened to startle her that day. The first was the ap pearance of Simon at her door in the early dawn, as she was boiling her solitary cup of coffee over some splinters of wood. ' Widder,' Simon whispered, sol emnly, ' 'tend to what I say, and don't forget it. Mister Twombley is going to make you an oiler for your place. Don't let him have it cheap. Rise on liim as bold as brass. Don't chin about anything. Don't tell him no thin'. Jest. sa v. ? 1 wovTf-. wnll if. fen that,' until you get what'll keep you comfortable. Mind, do as I say ; don't ask questions, don't chin, or you'll give yourself away. ' 1 don't half understand you,' said the widow. 'You hev such curious expressions kinder, but if Cousin ?Jedediah otiers much for two acres of stones and a house like this, he'sgoin' crazy.' ' Mebbe he's seen a ghost,' said Simon.' 'But you mind me.' He was of)'. Not too soon, for the wheels of Jedediah Twombley 's wagon rattled down the road the next mo ment, and Jedediah stood at the door in place of lu's servant. ' What you sed kind o' teched me yesterday, Sainanthy,' lie said; 'and I've been thinking. What you want is rest. Sell your place and go board in the village. I'll buy it. It ain't worth much, but what'll you take ? ' The widow looked at him. It was not benevolence that shone in his eyes, but greed. ' Well,' she said cautiously— some of the same blood run in her veins, and she could bargain also. ' Well, what']] you give ? ' ' Five hundred dollars ? ' said the rich man. ' Eh ? ' Sanianthy shook her her. ' Eight? ' ' Lor, no,' said Sainanthy. ' A thousand ? ' Samantliy turned pale, but still shook her head, 'Two thousand?' said Jedediah. ' I reckon you're calculating I'm half-witted,' said Samantliy. ' She knows about the gold,' said ?Jedediah to himself; 'or — yes, some- : one else knows and has made her an I offer.' The miser and the gambler some lion.rlr. in n™ man If. „-.,c in the case of Jedediah Twombley. 'Fifteen thousand dollars?' he cried, hurriedly. ' You can live com fortably on that, eh ? ' ' Grandfather's ghost has appeared, ' thought Sanianthy. ' Well,' she said, ' Ii you'll drive over to the lawyers and pay me now, I'll do it.' Ten minutes after this the two were sitting side by side in the wagon. Two hours more, and Sainanthy was, in her own opinion, a rich woman, with no fear of suffering before her, and no more need to toil for her bread. She was to leave the cottage that day, and bewildered by her sudden pros perity, she was packing her few pos sessions, when again, as in the dawn, Simon stood at her door, 'Sold it?' he said. ' Yes,' said the widow breathlessly. 'For fifteen thousand dollars. I reckon grandpa appeared to him.' Simon put his hand in liis pocket and drew out a bunch of something. ' What's that ? ' he asked. The widow looked at what he held toward her. ?' It's a bit of the* rubbish I threw out of that bureau there, she said.' ' It's gold ore/' said Simon. ' Your Californy boarder ha4 a lot of specimens of ii in that bureau; he often showed 'em to me. I was a miser once, i took an interest in 'em. You throwed 'em into tlic radiaJi bed ; I dug 'em out of it. I just showed' 'em to Mister Twombley. His id- n. lias always been there's gold in the ' mountains. He thinks there's gold -;-? your place.' ' And he wanted to give me fivi hundred dollars ! ' said the widow. ' It's all right for you, and 1 didn't tell no lie?,' said Simon. ' T did oi: up iliem specimens in the radish bed.'' The, widow lives at ease in the \\-i lage, now, and keeps her own counsi': and there is a big hole, with a, wir-i.: lass near it, where her home ol- ?: stood. People call it ' Twomble V Folly'; but Jedediah Twombley : tended it for a gold-mine, and spent little fortune also iu working itsevc i years. 