LONDON MISSIONARY SOCIETY. QUEENSLAND AUXILIARY. ANNIVERSARY SERVICES. The anniversary services in connection with the London Missionary Society's auxiliary in Queensland was commenced on Saturday evening with a gathering in the Young Men's Christian Association Hall. The attendance was somewhat sparse, the hall not being more than half filled. The chair was taken by Mr. J. M. Davidson, while on the platform, in addition to the Rev. Mr. W. G. Lawes of New Guinea, were the Rev. Mr. Joseph King of Melbourne, agent for Australia of the London Missionary Society, and Mr. Scott of the Young Men's Christian Association. Proceedings were commenced by the singing of a hymn, after which Mr. Scott offered prayer: The Ciiaikjian in introducing the object for which the meeting had gathered referred to the great commission of Christians in all ages. They had many difficulties in meeting all food and it made them think how little they had done when they heard of men who had gone from their homes and lived among savages in order to spread the truths of the gospel. They felt that they must give to these men the reverence of their hearts. The Rev. Mr. Lawes had worked for his Master for many years. After a few further remarks upon mission work and life, he introduced that gentleman to the meeting. Mr. Lawes, on rising, was heartily applauded. He said that when it had been suggested that they should begin by holding a meeting in the Young Men's Christian Association, he thought that the adoption of that course would be most helpful to the young men. He looked upon the meeting as one of Christian workers, and would pick out from his missionary experience a few facts which would be helpful to them in Christian work. In doing so he would look back over more than thirty years' experience in mission work ; the old story of mission work in the islands of the South Seas. The rev. gentleman dealt first of all with the early part of his experience, which was in Savage Island, the name given to it by the famous voyager, Captain Cook, whose reports, he said, were the most accurate ever published in regard to these matters. The positions he had assigned to various islands 100 years ago, when imperfect instruments and many other difficulties had to be contended against, were to- day found to be absolutely correct. When he had been proved to be so accurate in these matters then they might fairly take it for granted that the descriptions he had given of the people he had visited, their ideas, customs, race, were also correct. When he (the speaker) arrived at Savage Island in 1861, it was even then comparatively a Christian island, the great truths of the Gospel having been already disseminated there. When he left it, however, in 1872, or eleven years later, 1000 of the inhabitants enjoyed Christian fellowship. The inhabitants had had translated in their own language the New Testa- ment, the Psalms, and the Book of Exodus. These books were now intelligently read by a large proportion of the inhabitants. It was a mistake to suppose that we could civilise a man up to Christianity. Those who thought that had got the stick by the wrong end. He had soon thousands of natives civilised whose civilisation arose out of Christianity. As showing what amount of civilisation had been done in Savage Island he instanced the fact that at the present time the imports to that island now amounted to about £2000 worth of American and European goods. This all came as a natural sequence. Civilisation came and grow as a natural sequence of Christianity. Another matter which he would like to refer to in connection with Savage Island was that before Christianity was introduced there, there was no law in that community but that of the club and spear. The only right was that of might. Here in this colony we had our political differences, and differences arose in a small community like that of Savage Island, but the difficulties which arose among a people like that, where there was no other law than that of the club and spear, were, of course, greater. Now, however, since the christianising influence had been at work, they found that the rights of property were as much respected as they were in a Christian country ; the honour of women was as jealously guarded, and human life received as much protection, In speaking of these matters he wished to point out that Christianity was a regenerating power, not only for the saving of souls but for changing a man's life. The Savage Island community had not only felt the influence of Christianity, but were assisting in spreading it. They had for the last ten years contributed annually the sum of £320 to the funds of the London Missionary Society, in addition to supporting native pastors, which required a like sum. In addition to that they had also provided the funds for the acquisition of a missionary vessel, which born the native name of their island, and was at work on the northern coast of New Guinea. So that men who were designated by Captain Cook as being " more like a horde of wild boars than human beings" had now their own ship engaged in mission work on the northern coast of New Guinea. Let them consider the agency which had affected the inhabitants of Savage Island. When he arrived there first he was met by five brown missionaries from the Samoan Islands, but the change had been brought about by one actually. He described these coloured missionaries as devout God-fearing men. Men who would allow no difficulty, however great, to swerve them from the path which they conceived to be their duty. All his life had been spent with those native teachers or missionaries. They were missionaries in every sense of the word, and he was in a position to say that it was not intellectual power or knowledge which had effected the great work that had been accomplished. Nor was it extreme Christian character. It was their simple, child-like faith. This in a measure ought to be in Christian work everywhere, at home or abroad. Those savages of former times possessed to an extraordinary degree that quality of faith which led them to be men of prayer and faith, and prayer led them to be students of God's word. He know many in New Guinea who had been murderers, reckless, unchaste, but who were now Christian man. He had had the privilege of hearing these men pray and of leading them in prayer. He had also sat with them at the table of God, partaking of the holy sacrament. There was, he thought, no greater marvel in the whole world than that. If missionary work was to be permanent in its results, the people among whom that work is done must have the Word of God in their own tongue, so that the translation of the Scriptures was a most important work. All the missions were alive to this, and they were doing it slowly. The question was often asked Were the Scriptures translatable into all the languages ? He was glad to give his personal testimony that they were. There was in his estimation no language too barbarous or too vulgar for the Word of God to be translated into. There was a completeness and elaborateness in the grammar of Now Guinea's- written, of course; and there, were no insuperable difficulties to be met" with in its translation. While he had been engaged in translating year by year this sacred volume, it had grown in his own mind that this Hook was just what it professed to be-a message from our own Father to his children on earth. In this great work the society wanted the sympathy and prayers of the people. Having thus spoken of the results achieved by mission work in the South Sea Islands and New Guinea, the rev. gentleman said that if any present wished for any further information he would gladly give it to them, or would be pleased to answer any questions that might be put to him. After the shining of a hymn the Chairman introduced the Rev. Joseph King, agent of the London Missionary Society for Australasia. That gentleman said he was very glad to be there and to say a word or two. He was sure that those present had experienced very great pleasure in listening to an address on work in the mission ii old from such an esteemed man as the Rev. Mr. Lawes, He spoke of the great work that had been performed by the Rev. Mr. Lawes in the translation of the Scriptures. He had given a translation of the New Testa ment to two distinct nations-the inhabitants of the South Sea Islands, and to those of New Guinea. He had certainly laid the foundation of two distinct literatures. It might truly be said of him that if he had been a Greek and returned to Athens, all Athens would have turned out to meet him after such a grand aomevefflpnt. They should thank God very humbly for such a work. Mr. Lawes and his own. ,ims<s;ion work had really commenced with the Young Men's Christian Association in the old land. They had been fellow apprentices in the same house together, and what had turned their paths was the meeting together regularly for prayer. He made a strong appeal for support to the London Missionary Society, which, he said, like the Young Men's Christian Association, was an undenominational society. What he wanted young men to see were visions of God, such as Living- stone and others had seen. He was not dis- couraged by the smallness of the meeting, as it often happened that the greatest results were achieved from small meetings. A collection was taken up, after which the benediction was pronounced, and the meeting dispersed. THE WHARF-STREET CHURCH. The services were continued yesterday at the Wharf-street Congregational Church. In the morning the pulpit was occupied by the Rev. W. G. Lawes, who preached on the subject of missionary work, taking as his text the words, " There remaineth yet very much land to be possessed" (Joshua xiii., 1). His address was listened to by a large congregation, he commenced his discourse by review- ing the work that had been done in the missionary field in India, China, Africa, Madagascar, Japan, and in the South Sea Islands. Referring specially to the latter, he said the gospel had civilised the islands and given them a literature. The gain to commerce alone was represented by perhaps £500,000. In New Guinea 500 Christians had been gained. There were from 2000 to 5000 pupils in the schools, and a thirst, for knowledge was being developed. A great change was noticeable in the moral atmosphere which could not be expressed in a statistical report. It was marvellous, if they excluded the divine element, how the change had been effected. In New Guinea a college was being established for training the natives, the most prominent and intelligent being selected. Much as had been done, a vast field for work was still open. There were still 130,000,000 of heathens in the world. in British New Guinea alone there were 450,000 people, and the Solomon Islands and many others were still in darkness. Though mission stations in New Guinea were dotted along the coast like the lighthouses on our coast there were great gaps of darkness between, and there was plenty of land yet to be possessed wilderness yet to be reclaimed. In the evening the Rev. Joseph King preached from the words "All Thou hast commanded us we will do, and where Thou sendest us we will go" (Joshua i., 16). Christ as the second Joshua, he said had not been sufficiently emphasised and realised. The empire He started to establish was universal, and the fighting had boon to a very large extent deputed to the Anglo-Saxon race. A new vision of empire opened up-a federation of the English speaking races. The God of nations was shaping the destiny of the imperial story of Christ the King. The directors of missionary societies were planning great forward movements. Earnest men like Dr. Pierson were summoning recruits to new missionary service. Success was certain. All along the line heathenism, especially in India, was vanishing. The new enterprise of the London Missionary Society had been born of the Holy Ghost. The colonies were specially qualified to send out men, and the time had come for Australia to take its share of the responsibility. The preacher concluded by an earnest appeal to young men to consecrate their lives to the great work that was to be accomplished. 