IN THE DAYS off THE 'MUTINY A MILITARY STORY. By G. A. Henty, Author of "The Curso of Corno'a Hold,"' "Th. Plague Ship," "With Olivoin India," ..... .'lAFEddqii Poo,'' &o.; axil queensland biohtb reserved. CHAPTER IX— (Continued.) ' "Would the sahibs like to aee more ?' the juggler asked.' The two Miss Hunters, Mrs. Rintoul, and several of the others said 'they had seen enough,' but among the men there was a general wish to see another feat. ' I would not have missed this for any thing,' the doctor said. 'It would be simple madnesB . to throw away such a chance.' The ladies, therefore, with the exception of Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. Doolan, and Isobel, retired into the house. ' You must all go on one side now,' the juggler said, ' for it is only on one side what I am now going to do can be seen.' He then proceeded to light a fire of charcoal. "When be had done this he Baid, 'the lights must now be extinguished and the ourtains drawn, so that the light will not stream out from the house.' Ab soon ns this was done he poured a powder over the fire, and by its faint light the oloud of white smoke eould be seen. ' How I will show you the past,' he said, 1 who speaks.' There was silence, and then Dootor Wade said, ' Show me my past.' A faint light stole up over the emoke, it grew brighter and brighter, and then a picture was olearly seen upon it. It was the sea; a house standing by itself in a garden and separated from the water only by a road. Preseutly the figure of a girl appeared at the gate, and slipping out looked down the road as if waiting for some one. They could make out all the details of her dress and see her features dietinotly. A low exolamation broke from the doctor, ' then tbe pioture gradually faded away. 'The future,' the juggler said, and gradually an Indian scene appeared on the smoke. It was a long, straight road, bordered by a jungle. A native was seen approaching; he paused in the fore ground. ' That is you, dootor,' Mr. Hunter ex-, olaimed, 1 you are got up as a native, bat it's you.' Almost at the same moment two figures came out from the jungle, they were also in native dress. ' You and Miss Hannay,' the dootor said in.a low tone to Bathurst, i dressed- like natives and dyed.' But no one else detected the disguises, and the pioture again faded away. ' That is enough, Rujub,' Bathurst said, for he felt Isobel lean baok heavily against the haud which he held at the baok of her obair, and felt sure that she had fainted. ' Draw back the curtains, someone, I fanoy this has been too much for Miss Hannay.' The ourtains wore thrown baok, and Mrs. Hunter running in, brought out a lamp. The dootor had already taken his plaoe by Isobel's side. 'Yes, she has fainted,' he said to Bathurst, ' carry hor in her chair as she is so that she may bo in the room when she comoB to.' This was done. ' How, gentlemen,' the doctor said, 'you had bettor light tbe lamps again out here, and leave the ladies and me to get Miss Hannay round.' When the lamps were lit it oould be seen that the whole of tho men were a good deal shaken by what they had seen. ' Well,' Mr. Hunter said, ' they told me he was a famous juggler, but that heat anything I have seen before. I have heard of suoh things frequently from natives, but it is very seldom that Europeans get a ohanoe of seeing them.' 'I don't want to see anything of the sort again.' Major Hannay Baid, 'it shakes one's notions, of things in general. I fanoy, Hunter,, that we shall want a strong peg all round to steady our nerves. I own that I feel as shaky - as a hoy who thinks he sees a ghost on hia way through a churchyard.' There was a general murmur of agree ment, and the materials were quiokly brought. ' Well, Wilson, what do you and Richards think. of it?' the major went on after ho had braced himself up with a . strong gluss of brandy and water. 'I should imagine you both feel a little less sceptical than you did two hours ago.' ' I don't know what Riohards feels, major, but I know I feel like a fool. I am sorry, Bathurst, ; for what I said at dinner, but it really didn't seem to me to be possible what you told us about the girl going up into the air, and hot . coming down again, Well, after T'. have seen what I, have seen this evening. I Won't disbelieve - anything I hear in future about these natives.' 'It was natural enough thht you should be incredulous,' Bathurst 'said. .' I should have been just as incredulous as you were .when I first came out, and I have been astonished now, though I have seen some good jugglers before.' At -this moment the dootor came out again. ' Miss Hannay is all right again now, major. I am not surprised at her faint ing; old hand as I am at thoso matters, and £ think that I havo seon as muoh, or more juggling than any man in India, I felt very queer myself, specially at tho snake business. As I said, 1 have seen that ascension trick before, but how it is done I have no moro idea than a child. 'Those smoke scenes, too, are astonishing. Of course thoy could be accounted for as thrown up a column of white smoko by n -magic lantern, hut thore was certainly no mngio lantern hero, tho juggler was standing olose to me, and tho girl was sitting at his feet. I watched them :both closoly, and certainly thoy had no apparatus about them by which suoh .jriovia wnjld hu-inrowa vu tua6iavkt>' ' You recognised the first scene, I suppose, dootor ?' Bathurst asked. ' Perfectly. It took me back 25 years. It was a oottage near Sidmoutb, and was oorreot in every minute detail. Tho figure was that of the young lady I married four years afterwards. Many a time have I seen her standing just like that as I went along the road to meet her from the little inn at whioh I was stop ping; the very pattern of her dress,- which I need hardly say bos never been in. my mind all those years, was reoalled to me. . 'Had I been thinking of the scene at the time I could have aooounted for it somehow, upon the theory that in some way or other the juggler was conscious of my thought and reflected it upon the smoke — how, I don't at all mean to say ; but undoubtedly there exists to some extent the power of thought-reading.. It is a mysterious subiect, and one of whioh we know absolutely nothing at present, but may be in upwards of a hundred years mankind may have discovered many secrets of nature inthat direction. 'But I oertainly: was not thinking of that scene when I spoke and said " the past." I had no doubt that he would show me something of the past, but cer tainly nopartioular inoiden t passed throu gh my mind before that picture appeared on the smoke.' 'The other was almost as ouriouB, dootor,' Captain Doolan said, 'for it was certainly yon masquerading as a native. I believe tho other was Bathurst; it struck me so : and he seemed to he run- ning'ofi with some native girl. What on earth could that all mean ?' ' It is no use puzzling ourselves about it,' the dootor said. ' It may or may not come true. 1 have no inclination to go about dressed up as a native at present, but there is no saying what I may oome to. There is quite enough for us to wonder at in the other things. The mango and basket tricks I have seen a dozen times, and am no nearer now than I was at first to understanding them. That ascension trick beats m6 altogether, and there was something horribly un canny about tbe snake.' 'Do you think it was a real snake, doctor?' 'That I cannot tell you, Riohards. Every movement waa;perfectly natural. I could see the working of the ribB as it wound itself round tho girl and the quivering of its tongne as it raised its head above her. At any other time I Bhould he ready to take my affidavit that it was a python of an unusual size, hut at the present moment I should not like to give a decided opinion about anything connected with the performance.' 'I suppose it is no ubb asking the juggler any questions, Hunter?' one of the other men said. 'Hot in the least; they never do answer questions. The higher class of jiigglerB treat their art as a sort of religious mystery, and there is no iostanoe known of their opening their lips, although large sums have frequently been offered them. In the present 'oase you will certainly ask no questions, for ftho man and girl have both disappeared ' with the box and apparatus-and everything connected with them. They must have "slipped off directly the last trick was over, ana before we had the lamp lighted. I sent after him at once, hut tho servant could find no signs of him. I am annoyed beoause I have not paid them.' ' I am not surprised at that,' Dr. Wade said. ' It is quite in accordance with what I have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may oall their ordinary tricks ; but I - have heard from natives that when they show any what I may oall supernatural feats they do not take money. It ie done to oblige some powerful rajah, and, as I have said, it is only on a very few occasions that Euro peans have ever seen . them. Well, we may as well go into thb ladies. I don't fanoy any of them would be inclined to come out on to the veranda again this evening.' to de continued on monday next. 