" 11?W SHALL WE DECIDE THIS f QUESTION? " Now, which is the morse-to haue no I appetil for your dinner, or to have no dinner 1 for your ayppetite ? There are lots of people on the one side i or the other of this question. When "good I digestion waits on appetite and health on r both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us i are not blessed in that way ; we either have two much food without an appetite, 1 or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is 1 bettor to have an appetite without a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to oat and doesn't feel < like eating, stands in need of " alterations 1 and repairs." To illustrate. We recently received a comunication in which the writer says, " I wes afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on P If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himsilf. He says, "In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and I then all at once, so to speak I did not feel I myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemedto lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appearod to have nothing to say to them. One thing was like another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp instrument. Then, again, a, times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. " I dreaded," he says, " the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to cat. " Atter a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserabl", as if something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of " some thing going to happen" is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own death, or the death of sometody dear to him. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the oreature of a tostltss and ungoverned imagination. "With grreat difliculty," he says, "I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family depending on me. So I struggled on, but what I suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. I amr sure no one has suffered so much as I have done." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to bear than one's notion of his neighbours pain. 'I here is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience,only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him, he chanced to read in a book of a caso exactly like his own having been cured by Mother Soigel's Syrup. " My wife," he says, " got me a bottle at Mr a Langataff's, in Woodlesfoad,and after using r its contents the ailment loft me and has r never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what v it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway company for eleven d years. a (Signed) " JdOcno HUNT, d " Car Bottom Road, ao "Apperley Bridge, near Leeds." o We publish this by Mr Hunt's desire, in s order that part of the world at least tr may know how thankful he is and for what reason, 