LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, November 28. 1891. Four years' penal servitude seems at first eight very inadequate punishment for such a colossal case of utterly heartless and long-continued swindling as that of the Ven, and Right BcverendfDr. Claspar Clutterbuck, It may console those who think so to reflect that this fallen teacher and preacher is, according to his friends, of "a sensitive and fastidious temperament" and may be relied on to "suffer keenly every hour of his sentence." In the dock at Bath on Saturday the miserable man, unshaven and unkempt, with land angry eyes and a sullen hang-dog expres sion, certainly looked far more like tho convict than the clergyman. Seeing him thus, his numerous dupes mast more than ever have wondered at their fatuity.. Clutter buck pleaded guilty to obtaining money under false pretencef", but urged that he had no in tention of defrauding any one. The judgd very properly "pooh-poohed" the latter plea. Mr. Matthews, for the Crown, said that though the prisoner was only charged to the amount of £IG,OOO they had information of transactions up to fully £35,000. Many of the doped parties had not cared to come forward. The worst feature of the case to my eyes (Mr. Matthew? dwelt far too lightly on it) was the utterly heartless and conscienceless way in which Clutterbuck stripped his victims of every penny they would part with. Tyro are ruined utterly and the others seriously crippled. Had the wretch shown even a touch of compunction when robbing the poor Workhouse master of the money which ha knew the man had laboriously saved for his children's education, one would feel differently to him. But he seems to have been utterly callous and wholly eelPsh. Defending himself from the charge of imliecility, one of Clutter buck's victims has declared that though tha story of Mr. Goschen and the loan sounded silly enough as told by the Crown counsel in court, the prisoner gave it quite a different semblance. Witness was a clergyman, and certainly knew little of business, bat he did know Cluttexbnck was a Government officer and constantly summoned to Whitehall. He had seen letters which seemed corroborative evidence of the ac cused's acquaintance with Mr. Coached, and after all on the surface there was nothing wildly improbable in a doctor oE divinity knowing a Cabinet Minister. More over, Clutterbuck's social standing and local prestige were considerable. It never occurred to witness to doubt his word personally, and the pledge of "inviolable secrecy" prevented his mentioning the matter as he should other wise have done to business friends. The ntterly childish way in which the money fraudulently acquired was thrown away is another amazing feature of this extraordinary case. The ontside brokers "had" Clatter buck just as he "had" his neighbor*. In return for thousands they tendered him fairy stories. I must say I deeply regret these gentlemen were not accommodated with seats in the dock instead of the witness-bos. It could not be absolutely proved they knew that Clutterbuck's money was wrongly come by or they would have been. « The Bishop of Carlisle died very ftuddenly whilst on a visit to the Archbishop of York, at Bishopsthorpa. He was taken ill at dinner on Tuesday even ing, and succumbed on Thursday. Dr. Harvey Goodwin was best known to the general public as a brilliant writer on scientific discoveries and their reconcilement with religion. Whilst accepting the "wiw assigned by Darwin for the progressive character of nature, the bishop held there were deeper causes at work, without which natural selec tion and the struggle for existence would be found ineffectual. Miss CShea flatly denies that her stepfather ever committed adultery with her mother, but admits that the evidence against them was overwhelming. Mr. Parnell was, indeed, assured so by his lawyers, and, consequently, dissuaded her mother from facing the useless ordeal of the witness-box. She herself would have gladly given evidence if asked to do so in the accused couple's favor. The fact was, both Mr. Parnell and her mother were entirely un conventional and regardless (tin too late) of Mrs. Grondy. Moreover, Mr. ParneU's per sonal foibles for locking doors at all reasonable and unreasonable times, and slinking about like a conspirator, were absurdly compromising. His behaviour made even their own servants suspect him. M 133 O'Shea blames no one. Mr. PameU's curious character and circumstances coiled her mother in a network of presumptive evidence from which there was no escape. Mr. Pamell's step daughter, Miss O'Shea, is a firtt-rate amateur photographer. Some time btfore his death the young lady took several capital whole plates of the Irish ohief in his chiurical laboratory. These pictures will be reserved for the "Life of Parnell" which Mrs. O'Shea, with her daughter's assistance, has already commenced preparing. It should be ready, according to present arrange ments, next autumn, and I predict will cause a terrific sensation, even if it doesn't, as the widow hopes, blow the Healy- Dillon-Davitt party to "smithereens." Mrs. Pamell lives only for vengeance, and aa she knows all the inner history of the Irish party during its most combustible period, even Mr. Healy admits she can make matters mighty unpleasant if she chooses. The private explanation or suppressed defenoa which Mr. Parnell gave his party con cerning the divorce, case in Boom 15, last November has this week been published by Mr. Donal Sullivan M.P. He states that when, on the motion of Mr. Sexton, at Mr. McCarthy's request, Mr. Par nell was re-elected sessional chairman of tha party Mr. Jordan rose for the first time among' his followers to question the position of the "uncrowned king." Mr. Jordan said, now that the Irish party had paid Wr, FameU the honor of re-electing him unanimously to the leadership, and thereby bestowed on him the greatest compliment in their power, would it not be well for Mr. Paraefi, in view of events which recently had become publio to consider his position, and now to retire gracefully, and to ease the situation which, it could not be disguised, was one of a grievous character, and one of great peril to the Irish cause? In a moment Mr. ParneU rose, and all was suspense and expectation for the announcement of the fateful discussion that was to have such far- reaching effects, and then a deathlike silence fell on the party. This stillness was made the more impressive by the gathering darkness and the gloomy aspect of the room. No word of gratitude to the parly or thanks for his re-election fell from him. In icy tones he said — " When I came into this room it was nob my intention to make any reference to certain recent events with which my name was associated, but as allusion has been made to the subject (referring to Mr. Jordan's 6peech) I will now lift aside a corner of the curtain. I can assure you, my friends and colleagues, that in a short period, when I am free to do so, X will be able to pat a coniplejdo? on this cose very different to that which it now bears, and I will then be able to hold my head as high, aye, and higher, than ever be fore in the face of the world. This is not a place to enter on a vind cation of myself against the vile charges that have been made against me, and Ida not intend to do so; but 1 will a&k; mjr colleagues to remember that only one side of the story has been given to the public." Then Mr. Pamell set himself to answer the charge of breaidng-up a happy home by making a counter-allegation, and as to abusing hospitality, he declared that lie had never described Mr. O'Shea as hU * friend eince he met him in EnnU in 1889, and that he had never taken bite or sup at his expense. Mr. Parnell proceeded to discuss the character of twc of the witnesses in the case against him, and concluded as follows:— "Now that I have lifted a corner of the curtain, I will only ask you, gentlemen, to keep your lips sealed, as mine are, on what you have heard until the brief period of time will have elapsed to which I have referred when I cau vindicate myself, and when you will find that your trust in me has not been mis placed." A storm of controversy rages around the "little Georgia Magnet," who, despite tha Star's frantic cries of "fraud !" continues to draw huge crouds nightly to the Alhambra, and well earns the £100 a week the directors pay her. 1 have read all the Star has to say on the subject, and come to the conclusion it has discovered not "the truth about the magnetic lady," but a mare's nest. Mitchell, the prize fighter, persuaded the Stonecutter street was right, forced hid way on to the plat fovns on Thursday evening, and to the delight of a sceptical gallery, insisted on being invited to experiment. Mrs. Abbot, offered no objec tion, and Mitchell, evidently meaning bu3i nett, stripped to the buff, so as to give his aims full play. First tha maenet raid sl;r t-lioukt allow Mitchell to fitt her, and the big man sitting th.s little woman uvil nigli llirougli the roof. When, however, the twisted there was a very dif ferent story to tell. In vain Mitchell tugged and pulled and struggled and swore. Tha tnaguec stirred not. Again and again did tha man of muscle exert his supreniest strength. The magnet simply f.niled sweetly. Afc length mad, mazed, and mortified beyond e.t pit-ttion Mitchell desisted sullenly. It was 110 i;se, he intiniftted to the audience. Ht> could not move Mrs. Abbott. Then the house at last bur-t into loud applause. The trick (if trick it be) is exceedingly clever, and as yell at any rate thu modus operandi has not been di!*ovf-red. In the admirable Christinas number of the !?<;« 1- 0/ reruns Mr. Stead makes his aiijitMauce in the uew and original character tit " The lieal Bogie Man." Like most of the in>)%i¥onatinD? this accomplished variety artist has undertaken the new one bso good ss> to ecem almost convincing. I incline indeed to think Mr. Stead may be—as his old col leagues on tlie P.M. Gazette alleged—a regular: old woman for superstition, and that there is leas pretence this time than usual about bis acting. The idf? ol " Keal Ghost Stories" 7 is excellent. Why i* never occurred to anyone to make up an aJdnnti of this sort before is what everyone now wonders. But truth to tell Mr. Stead's talent for ganging what the public will read amounts almost to genius. Moreover, lie knows exactly how to arouse cariosity. The strictly conscientious "Caution" on the outside of "Real Ghost Stories" w.is a veritable inspiration, and will -sell tens of thou sands. These "ower true tales" Mr. Stead tells us must not be read by anyone of " morbid excitability" or " excessively nervous tempera ment.'' Readers are solemnly warned against experimenting in hypnotism, spiritualism, and the nnseen generally save in " the most careful and reverent spirit." Persons " frivolling" with familiars or giggling with ghosts will expose themselves to (shudder please) "the horrible consequences of possession." In the chapter headed "Myself Mr. Stead tries to persuade us he himself has enjoyed some experi ences. He cannot certainly lay claim to a rt-al live ghost, but h<\- has heard voices. " I have," he declares, "had three or four very striking and vivid premonitions in my life which have been fulfilled to the letter." Here, then, is premonition Xo. 1: — "On New Year's Day, 18S0, it was forcibly Im prca-ed upon mv mind that I v.-as to leave Dar lington in the"courseof that year." In Sep tember, ISBO, yir. Stead berime Mr. Morley's .i.-sistant at the Pall Mall (lazctle, "and my 1 >rf sentiment was fulfilled." Premonition No. 'J. tarried Jlr. Stead a stage further. In Oc tobtr, yS3, I "Mt distinctly as it were a v..ice within myself saying, you will hs.veto look sharp and make ready, bsjau* by a certain date (which as near as I can recollect was the ll'.th of March next year) you will have sole charge of the Pall Mall Gazette." On the strength of this voice Mr. Stead sadly doomed his chief to die (in presentiment only, of course). But Mrs. Stead, with feminine shrewdness, said —" Nonsense; he is not going to die: he is going to get into Parliament, that is what is going to happen. And, as everybody knows, it did happen, and thus was the second premonition fulfilled. The third was that his sojourn in certain northern latitudes would be for two months. The actual period of it was two months and seven days. I agree with the P.M.U., which makes terrible fun of Mr. Stead's premonitions, that this sort of ghostly experience amounts to absolutely nothing:. Every man and woman combining vivid imagination with superstition (I use the word in its most inoffensive sense) has constant premonitions. Ninety-nine out of a hundred :.r>< unfulfilled and forgotten. The hundredth comtb off and forms the groundwork of a story to be retold and embroidered (of course unintentionally) all one's life. Premonitions are like bets, we never talk of those which go wrong. With regard to the editor of the Reriiv?s "strange case," the Pall 31all Gazette points out "that some of Mr. Stead's prophecies as to what would happen were closely associated with what Mr. Stead intended to happen, and not altogether unconnected with what Mr. Stead was able to make happen. The same critics wQI further suggest that Mr. Stead's narrative betrays the usual signs of the unconscious accretion of detail in the presentiment after the event; a trick of the human mind which often leads perfectly honest persons, starting with a vague bedtime feeling that ' something is going to happen,' to embroider that something in due course with all the minutest attributes of what actuall^loes happen, even to the date and hour, and allowances for their watch ' being a little slow, you know.1" Geo. K. Sims says that for nine months of the year he has to write 20.000 words a week, bat during the quarter preceding Christmas his average rises to 30,000. Short stories for newspaper syndicates are generally fixed at 5,000 words, stories for the lighter periodicals at 4,000 words, and for the illustrated maga zines 3,000 words. A three-vohnne novel for serial publication should run to not less than 60,000 to 80,000 words, and if by " Dagonet" is worth perhaps £1,000. Mr. Sims reckons Miss Braddon makes £3,000 out of a novel before it reaches the 2& stage. Mr. Sims and Mina Braddon have ever since they scored successes been abnormally paid, but it is not safe to judge by them. £ know one popular authoress who slaves night and day, and gets through a prodigious amonnt of work in a twelvemonth. Her books, however, are not sensational. For the serial rights of a (presumably) 60,000-word novel this lady tbe other day accepted as little as £50. I could hardly believe it when I heard it On the other hand Barrie and Tripling can at the pre sent moment command even bigger prices than G. B-Sims. Mr. Barries "Little Minister" scarcely needed the now seemingly inevitable puff from Mr. Gladstone. A Barne "boom" is, as the Pail Mall Gazette predicted, well under weich, though many readers of this (in my humble opinion) somewhat over- praised book frankly confess the story is too Scotch for their taste. Far tbe best of the shilling annuals is Clark Russell's "Tragedy of Ida Noble," though what induced Messrs. Trischlerto select this powerful bnt ghastly tale for the Christmas number of a jfi'Ws' periodical like AtalaiUa I can't imagine. Mr. Gilbert's traditional damsel of 15 will certainly have a fit when she reads it. Nevertheless "Ida Noble" must be pronounced tbe stronce«t and most original tale the modern Marryat has written for years. Fr jm start to finish tbe story never nags, a very unusual circumstance with Mr. Clark Raisell's books, and the characters are naturally and yet boldly drawn. Of Mr. Henty's sumptuously-bound and vpiritedly-illustrated contributions to this treason's gift books "A Dash for Khartoum" appears the most generally attractive. It is, as the title indicates, a story of the Nile expedi tion and the melancholy abortive attempt to rescue Gordon. The narrative commences with tbe deliberate mixing up of a couple of li&bies; by an abandoned wet nurse, who in forms her employer (a certain Captain Clin ton's wife) one evening that she cannot discern which fine chubby boy is her own and which Mrs. Clinton's. The latter, poor mother, Incomes equally perplexed, and ultimately per tuades her husband to solve the difficulty by looking upon both lads as their sons. Years afterwards, when Edgar Clinton is a lad of 15, he meets Nurse Humphreys, who from baby mixing the woman has taken to liquor, and in order to get money for drink she pre tends Edgar is her son. At first the boy is fceptical, but by birth-marks of a Box and Cox order the convinces him she speaks truth. Intensely mortified by the revelation, Edgar rune away from home and enlists as a trumpeter in the First Hussars. The regiment is one of those ordered to Egypt, and Edgar coes with it, playing a gallant part at Abu Klea, Metemmehj and El Teb, and at Gnbat coming across his pseudo-father, Sergeant Humphreys, badly wounded. later the young trumpeter gets captured by Arab', escapes dis guised as one, meets his brother Rupert under romantic circumstances, and ends the cam paign by being recommended for a V.C. Needless to say Nurse Humphreys's maternal yearnings for the young hero are shown to be a fraud, and the secret of which boy is which re mains a secret always. The period of "Held Fast for England is about 1779. It relates the ad ventures of Master Bob Repton, who commences life with some rather unusual school experiences, notably the capture of a gang of burglars by himself and two chums whilst breaking bounds at night on a surreptitious rabbiting expedition. After leaving school Bob goes on a visit to Gibraltar, and is blockaded on the rock during part of the famous siege. He joins an English privateer, " Antelope," and takes a prominent part in the strategem whereby a tilver-laden Spanish merchantman falls an easy prey to her. Altogether the tale brims with incident even for a boy's book. Personally we much prefer Mr. Manville J-Vnn's style to Mr. Henty's. He strikes us as being more natural and less didactic Sir. Henly writes like a schoolmaster endeavoring to unbend, whilst Mr. Fenn is bon camaradc. "The Crystal Hunters" will certainly be one of the most liopular boys' books of the winter. It is intended for rather younger lads than Mr. Henty's stories, and relates what befel Mr. Richard Dale and his pupil, Saxe, during a delightful summer holiday in the higher Alps. Mr. Dale, though a tutor, thoroughly enjoys wholesome adventure, con sequently it scarcely needs the entreaties of Saxe and of their Swiss guide, Melchior Staffeln, to induce him to join the latter in a search for .i wondrous cave of rock crystals known ;o exist in the adjacent mountains. How after mush perilous climbing up and glissading down the trio discover thp cave, how they load them selves with crystal-, how this treasure is stolen from them at night by a ghostly visitor, how they are overtaken by an avalanche and all bnt smothered, and cow eventually the robbers are discovered and the plunder re covered, Mr. Fenn tells vivaciously, supple menting the narrative with an abundance of detail and local information. The author is well backed uj> by the artist, whose illustra tions picture •'xiriting incidents eminently calculated t«i pniiw curiosity and convert casual inspe-.ti'ja !nuj a desire for permanent possession. 