STAGE, SONG AND SHOW, It is doubtful whether Mr. Bentley can include iu his experiences a reception moro cordial or spontaneous than that which Was extended to him at the Gorrick on Saturday night. His first bow to a Sydney audience was made amidst a demonstration of hearty welcome that showed that tho actor's fame had preceded him, and that to even those who had no knowledge of his capabilities his name and reputation wero well known. Looking upon a house not unoomfortably packed, one was struck with the fact that it was in the gallery that the attendance was largest and enthusiasm most in evideuce. It wos from that elevated standpoint that tho actor received bis warmest word of welcome, nnd it was from the Olympian heightB that recognition of worth was readiest. There is no special inference to be drawn from tho fact beyond that it further ovidences the popularity (in tho truest sense of the word) of "Hamlet." Of that strange individual, and as to the precise manner of man he should be shown, a hundred andfifty different opinions will be found ainongst'as many pcoplo as may . have thought the question out. Everybody who has bcBtowcd con sideration upon tho history of the melancholy Dane haB a Hamlot of his own, a Hamlet after his own conception, and Mr. Bentley's Hamlot, it seems to us, discloses a moBt acceptable reading of the character. First of all Mr. Bentley is a Hamlet that commends himself to the vision. Well- favored in form and graceful, in oarriago— excopting a dragging stride that lends an awkwardness to the gait— he has tho advan tage of looking his character. As an eloou- tionist he takes_ high rank, and in every . word aud lino of' his utterance thought and earnestness _ aro in evidence. Tho Hamlet he gives us is no madman, but a remarkably aano young man, strong iu intention, weak und irresolute in action, and deeply tender in love. All these points wero enjoyably de veloped by Mr. Walter Bentley, who com bines a cultured method with an absolute freedom from rant or uunecessarv declanm. tion. In his hands Hamlet appears to have benefited from the instruction 'he imparts to the players, with the excellent result that our latest reading and treatment of tho character is in every respect gentlemanly, human and natural. Where alterations of text and dramatic sequence have been made they have been judiciously effected, as at tho close of the players' scene, where the curtain is made to fall for stronger dramatic effect upon tho turbulent discomfiture of the King, and. the excitement of the court, instead of upon the ordinary close of the act at Hamlct'3 Hue, " To give them seals never, my soul, consentT" These and other alterations— notably tlmt of the second act followiug the well-rev umbered line, "The play's the thing, Ac., "i/heis the short opening scene is " cut," and Hamlet proceeds at once with the soliloquy— have, as we have said, been made with discretion, and the reading, as it is presented, is highly intelligent and interesting, afld one upon which Mr. Bentley may justly be congratu lated. » » » Mr. George Ireland as tho King dis played every quality , necessary to a sound performance, and filled the part in a manner that ' bespoke tho aotor of experience and ability, Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan was an admirable Folonins, his performance constituting one of the beet features of tho revival. Mr. H, R. Roborts was a manly and vigorous Laertes, the linos of which the actor spoke with declamatory spirit and effect. Amongst the. male characters particular mention must be made of Mr. Clithorow's first gravedigcer, a character, upon which the aotor must have bestowed special study, for it certainly wns one of the very best performances of the part it has fallen to us to wit ness. Mr. William South spoke tho lines of the ghost with sonorous solemnity, and Mr. Athalwood nmde a capi tal first actor. The Ophelia of Miss Laura Hansen was distinguished by grace of pre sence and tho intelligence of her acting rather than by any display of the necessary power. Therefore the mnd scene fell short of its usually impressive character. Miss Hansen was, howover, applauded at its close. Miss Watt-Tanner lent a dignified presence to tho Queen,- and her acting throughout the apparition scene with ber son was excellent. Guildenstern end Rosenerantz found able representatives in Messrs. G. Wakefield and Geo. Coppin, junior, and Mr. Harry Hill is to bo warmly commended for his Horatio. Miss Grace Hamilton behaved m moss eccentric iasmon as usric, and Miss May Ellis spoke the linos of the actress ex pressively. For the rest, everything was all right. Tho mounting was adequate, and with tho exception of a fowof the inevitable hrst-night annoyances the performance went smoothly. When the curtain rang up at the School of Arts on Saturday night we don't believe thero was an empty seat in the house. Tho audience wnB in every sense of tho word a packed one, and tho different itemB in an excellent bill wore one and all received with the most marked tokens of favor. The' vocalism of the Misses Bavin, Morrison and Stuart was of a particularly enjoyable kind, while the specialties of the Messrs. Cowan, M'Kissnn und Kcarns, Swift Bros, nnd Martini and Henry wero such as to command the most dis tinct approval of the house. Perhaps the most entertaining part of the evening was that- taken up by the Godayou Tokio Japanese Troupe, upon whose performances the audience displayed the most demonstra tive applause. "The Coalheaver'e Strike," a very funny farce, wound up the evening's amusement. Mr. Harry Barrington has prepared a really capital bill for submission to Alhambra patrons to-night, and those who havo tho good fortune to secure seats in that famous temple of minstrelsy this evening will, we think, vote the performance one of the best that has taken place for a long timo. "Masks and Faces" wns repeated at tho Theatre Royal on Saturday night before a crowded audience, by whom the comedy— admirably played — was warmly received. The excellence of Mrs. Bernard Boere's acting aB Mistress Woffington and tho many fine touches of Mr. Standing's Triplot wero recognised with tho utmost appreciation. "Masks and Faces" will be repeated to-night and to- morrow, , nnd on Wednesday "Fedora" will bo presented, with Mrs. Beoro as tho Princess Romanoff (a character which she has made all her own on the English stage), and Mr. Otho Stuart as Loris, At the Criterion Tho atro on Saturday night "Tho Country Girl" was repeated before a largo and delighted audience. It is a performance of this kind that deepens tho regret all playgoers must feel in the rcfico. tion that in a few nights more the present season will be ended, and a long and bril liant record closed for many months to come. It should bo remembered that only two moro representations of Wycherly's comedy can bo given, as on Wednesday night Gilbert's comedy "Engaged" will bo revived. That best and brightest of burlesques "Little Jack Sheppard " was presented at Ho:- Mujesty's Theatre on Saturday night to a houso that tsxed the seating accommoda tion of tho building. All tho favorites of tho evening — Miss Barlow, Mr. E. W. Roycc, Mr. Walton and tho others — woro solidly popular with tho house, and the piece went with a snap from overture to finale. To-night and on Tuesday Mr. Royce will bo soon as Blueskin, and on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday Mr. Shino will uppear in tho part. Friday has been sot apart for a I bonofit to Miss Barlow, and on Saturday a new burlesque entitled "Randolph the 1 Reckless " will be turned on. Tho organ recital on Saturday was well attended, and the delightful programmo submitted by M. Wiegand was received with enthusiastic appreciation. As M. Wiegand played it, Cherubim's lovely "Ave Maria" proved one of tho moat enjoy able numbers ho has yet given. 