\- HE WAS IN LUCK. A TALL, dignified-looking gentleman stood facing an unoccupied house in a prominent West Side street the other day, closely scanning a large white sign which hung in the frontdoor.. The house was a handsome modern structure,--two storeys high; and had evidently been built by-some wealthy man: for residence purposes, but was now adver tised as being " For Bent.1' The; tall man had just finished taking observations and jotting down the owner's address'in a small notebook, and was turning to leave, when a neighbour came along and pleasantly remarked: " It's a pity that a fine house like this should stand idle for such a long time." " Why, How long has it been idle ?" . "Well, the last tenant moved out two years ago, and the owner can't find, another who is brave enough to live in there." " What's the matter with it ? Danger of collapsing?" " Oh, no. The house is built solid enough. The great trouble is that it's haunted." " You don't say!" And the tall man seemed to grow more interested. " It's a fact. Every Wednesday and Friday, just at midnight, the people in the neighbourhood are startled by a series of wild, blood-curdling yells ; ? and immediately alter that two white figures appear at the upper windows. I've seen them myself; and the good man shuddered as he thought of it. "Have you any idea what rental the owner demands for the v«io!e house?" " Yes, I heard him say he'd let anybody have it for five dollars per month." "Five dollars a month! Great Caesar ! but that's a, bargain. Guess I'll take it before some other fellow gets ahead of me." " But wouldn't you be afraid of living ill a house infested with spooks ?" " Ob, I'm quite used to them. I am a spiritualist, and as I hold my s«^ances every Wednesday and Friday night, those spooks will come in very handy. You'll excuse me, sir, while I go and see the owner and sign a ! lease for ninety-nine years." | And as lie walked off, he muttered to | himself. c i ?' Fivedollarsa month, and twofull-fiedged j ghosts to boot! This is, indeed, a bargain." 