PEOPLE "QUIZ" KNOWS. No. 97. You will find him at one of the most frequented haunts of Adelaide, and as he has been amongst the chief " ghosts " of that spot for years every one knows him. When you have read this, stroll round that way, call him " No. 97," and ask him to "shout." You might have to wait some time before he complies, and then again you might not. If he could by any specious pretext extract the necessary coin from you he would do so, but only out of a pure spirit of humor. In this respect he merely betrays his national characteristics. When not joking he is smoking, and when not smoking he is where the habit is prohibited, and when he is not busy he is most likely concocting some mischief. He has his lucid intervals, and will pass " strong" opinions on passing events, but no one ever takes him very seriously. At times he looks deeply preoccupied, when he fails to recognise his best known friends, but they don't mind, because they understand him. It will be gleaned from this that he is fond of a practical joke. He loves to tip your hat, and watch you go for the wrong man. Sometimes his practical jokes border on the in excusable, but it is best to take them in fun, as they are intended, for—he is a big man. Besides, he takes a retaliatory joke in fairly good part. Though not old, he is no longer young and his hair is getting piebald. His moustache and beard are some what grizzly, and do not look as if they received dandified attention. Truth to tell, there is a carelessness of appearance about No. 97. He does not study personal decoration. His clothes never seem to be new, and his collar and necktie are generally " draped" as if they were fixed on in a hurry. The cut of his coat never troubles him, and so long as the garment will button down the front he never worries. His name has an Italian sound, with a common prefix that is ex pressed by a geometrical figure. Otherwise he is an Australian, for his voice would not betray his nationality. And he has to use his voice in autho rity. There is a merry twinkle in his eye, and he is a rather tall man, with a rather short step. If you were told his avocation you would guess him in one try, but if you see a man whom you have seen for years with a pipe, a pout, a passiveness, and a playfulness, sans viciousness and ill-nature, you have got him. Once an old Englishman, James Scott by name, travelled about on business until he was nearly 80 years of age. He became celebrated for his punctuality and his methodical habits* Upon one occasion a gentleman stopped at an inn much frequented by Mr. Scott, and saw a fine fowl cooking." " That is very good," said the hungry guest. " You may serve that for my dinner." "You cannot have that, sir," replied the landlord. " That is being cooked for Mr. Scott, the traveller." " I know Mr. Scott very well," said the gentleman. " Is he stopping here?" "Oh, no, sir," answered the land lord. " But six months ago he ordered a fowl to be ready for him at precisely 2 o'clock to-day, and we are expecting him every minute. 