[?] THE ? Tide ontlie W[oat\ing Bar. By Fbances Hodgson ISubnuxt. CHAPTER IV— (Continued). A stbange letter. , And this was not all. Just as she rose from her seat, I heard the hall-door open, and the sound of Mr. Jack's foot step, and from the flash that leaped into licr eye, I knew that as she brushed out she was only hurrying to meet him. She was so oxcited and hurried that she for got to closc the door after her, and, as it stood open, I saw her meet him at the foot of the stair-case, with the letter in her hand. ..'.What is it, Lina?' I heard him. say, halfrtenderly, ' half-impaticntly, as lie caught sight of her, standing in a bright light. . She glanced up at him with a troubled face, and then all at once, the fire died out of it, and left her pale as death. ' Jack,' she whispered, almost breath lessly, ' If you are going to save me, you must save me now.' And she dropped Tier head upon the hand she had laid on the balustrade without another word. I shall never understand how it was possible that, through the long weeks that followed, a mother could be so care lessly blind as Mrs. Clangarthc showed herself. She seemed to enjoy life as much as ever ; she was as sweet- tempered and ready, to be amused with trifles ; she played hostess at the gay little suppers, and' angled -for 'Sir Denis in seeniitig un consciousness of the change in the pretty young, hitherto so cloudlessly bright. It was no longer the face that had smiled down on Mr. Jack from the staircase. There was a feverish trouble in its eyes; its very smiles were feverish. I cannot describe the dumb pain and look of in ward1 misery that' took the place of the old lightheartedness. But the . girl said very little, though she grew paler every day. She bore up against her trouble almost defiantly, try ing to make herself pretty iu her lover's eyes, .pretending to be gay, and even trying to tolerate Sir Denis. But she could not deceivc inc. My love for her had made ' my old cyos too quick. I think, too, that she understood this, for it was only before me that she ever gave in, and sometimes, when she was with me, she seemed to break down, though she tried hard to make light of it, and always did it with a wretched ghost of a smile on her pale lips. ' Sir Denis vvas -too 'much for me to night,' she would say, sometimes. 'And —and, I have a headache. It malcos me look pale, I dare say. Do I look pale, Mrs. Mallon ? '? trying to laugh. ' I feel .pale.' ; ; But the time came when she ceased even trying to laugh, and would come to me, looking as white as death, and tremblinc and crying.' ' Don't tell,' she would say. ' Don't tell. I am not well, you know; and Lady Medora' has been bothering again. Let, jne have my cry out, -and :then. .1 shall'be'hettor.' I cannot put into ,words. the horror of slow fcitr ' which grew iipon me. I could not bear to think of it, and fought against it bitterly, ''trying to think it quite' natural that her girlish troubles should .maks ' her hysterical and nervous ; but -at last I began to see a change in Mr. Jack, and this change crushed all my hppes. I began to see that he was getting tired of his amusement ; and. I knew him so well that I recognised the alteration as soon as it came about ; ?s soon as Miss Lina herself did. He began to try to avoid her, as if by acci dent at first, but more openly in the course of time. In the end, day after day passed by, in which he never entered their/rooms. ...I- wakened earlier than usual one morning, and after dressing, went to my window to look out, as I had a habit of doing. The fog was just clearing away, and as my eyes became accustomed to tho then floating mist, I glanced acci dentally toward the moaning Bar. Two iigures were standing near tho rocks together. It did not need a second glanco to tell me whose they were. I knew them, in an instant ; one by its attitude, the other by tho scarlet jacket and' long, falling hair. It was Lina Clangarthc and Mr. Jack ! He was lounging carelessly against a rock, when I looked, and she seemed to be speaking to him passionately, ^wildly, desperately. She was holding out her hands, and clasping and wringing them as she talked : and he was . listening without a gestnro, simply listening and watching her. My heart gave onc fieroe bound, and fairly stood still. For a moment ? it seemed that I scarccly breathed, and then I drew back behind the curtain, praying aloud. ' Lord, have mercy upon her ! O Lord, have mercy upon her !' I cried. ?^???It was all over, when I looked again. Mr. Jacltfhad sauntered away, and Lina was walking rapidly along the beach, toward , the street. She was walking hurriedly, and seemed to steady her slight, girlish figuro with somo difficulty. But she was not crying, and there was hot a tear in her eyes, when, a fow moments later, she came into the rosin, ' I. have been out walking with Mr. Lowtlior,' she said, in a strange, steady voice._ ' And wo havo had a bit of a quarrel,' Mrs. Mallon. Lovers always have their little quarrels, don't they Shohfid seated herself at the window vrhei'^ She entered, and she was sitting there as she spoke, and the minute the words were out of her mouth, she turned suddenly, and looked at me. ' if you had been at the window, you might have seeji us,' she said, watching me keehly. ' I did hot kiio'w before that any of these windows fronted the Moaning Bar so directly.' ':I : think I did see you,' I answered, as calmly as possible. 'But my old cyos are not so young as they used to be, a'Sdrl; might bo mistaken'. ' - KG (To 'be continued,) 