Jgin SENTEiGI ?Lfolk island. I A ur3ENTIC KECO r DS. , 1 lU lMOBWBMEO?Btf. , i;.v j No. 12. ? mi E2AD COlW-fAM: 13, ' -1 V PnOTict Xboodore 'Di*on -boa ioahovm eignfl o! mftanoBS, tbore mysterious moutal dw all MienttHtt..mas rh?o CjSuebiiW":"., .on the day of Bradly'a #K Ot had To bo seoarod in a etraight, *I?W hie , violenoo. The ..queer ll l ' '. h i?hidearnedfor him hie nick-' |"taffi S ?ga which toU ?' bo lithin Like Vesuvine and , seitiiv wi hl . D i ok e raen knew that DC S fee ordinary waa present ? ,Bg ? eonia *ell when the quiescent n< capeciallypleasea b ?S had taken. Bradly was " tn Jnvenicot to him. Ho knew ngl „? Dossible. Madmen had tlTelore andNμ.ln?i m?de about |S Constable had o failing which Ml i ?n a eooa many officials on the f C indjlged rather too W.Z "flowing bowL"" When.,the S§,' L wit ia out" was a proverb MiMrtSluUe to him. Hβ eaid and when under the influonoepf : SVhTh he wiweorry for afterwarda- SKA murder of Bradly ha 8f artoeotoparHorhimaelf.the ?&&er; and tho head, ovorfleer, ,A K%\ : eoMivial patty wore aaaembloa. m\< J! S-anlin ana the head over- PTo uL?aiaook.over?eerWhiffeu fefiiablu Wiloox from the head prison E&: having oome over for the oven- I I,? They wota all heavy dnnkera get it,—but thavi!e;rnm' M y Ceoneuming eeetned to^ako onthoCaspadehead oonetable Mha others. Bslore nine o'alook hto , -.dgotthobetterofhim. The bibh t: ajtion to keep a watoh .over one's Wkii entirely forgotten, nna So&tUon; gu some of his esploita with/.a aaainutenosa ol dotait which only a Plirated man indalgee m. --Hie oom. Elightly eurprisodat some of PitiTB3. -To cay they were vory.mnoh k"s would bs untrus.Jor they wore M,4 in ths trioka and subtorfugee on tbe pneonera, and they wore so often unjuetly punish^ NzJol them bad bsen guilty moro than sSka eamo kind of aota of which Soan ?43s nimseiltho hero, but they had iQafooliah onough to toll the publio ? BjMock only laughed at jJlnttioa o! bis subordinate, and gava f'ifcliintato chiogo the subject, but, * h inado tlio constable bhatter the chief overseer at the Caeoade k<%d hia comrade's talk as bo many |3nt! but to omooer Vi'hiffen and pft ffilcox the conversation had a_ poouliar intereat. These two vClid lor Borne time caot longing anion's billet, and though they *Wn him they would not etny at any \< lil might assist towards hia re- Ml incident that tha Oaaoadehead ?—3 4e3otibsd clearly was the manner had conveyed the throe ounoas ; lolbepooliot of Hendriok'e jacket, ' tbo convict reoeiyed ono hun- Evotything ho said was oare .,':%ibj tbe two interested men for " > It was close on midnight when : t Jar the head prison, but at nine C~}n\ morning Wilcox was in the oflice giving him a. ''full, r Jfiiticular account " of what Scan v?M the previous night. had a strong disliko to ? "-pitabla. Hia system of having ilboirr? him tales v/ae distasteful -SEfof?aar. Hβ didn't object to having ; i timscll, but his subordinates had , :to trench opon his domain in that "J; ad hs listened willingly to the ?.\'J4ichTOro made against Soonlon. iwcrsjet Whiilen returned with the fMi evening be also repeated the Svijh:;h bad been made in the morn §J§aiog Baldook alao as one who the etat omenta were made. _~<|il? called, and reluotantly ad ;o|''fte head conatable had mado >jiiJmis3ions, but tried to extenuate ~*s|;jiig that tho man wbb evidently ij Ji'hta ho saw how the oommandant AAdb" speedily changed hia apolo j~fs, tail strenaously declared that fhi anfit (or the position that ha : <gpMB that next day the oommand v*tr to Cascade prison, aooom- OWob*, Wiloox and Whiffen, and i' 3?" hold into Soanlon's state '??-,}addition to theso witnosaea the >„ *Terj?er admitted having heard. i? j't'inade, andontsido cvidenoo to provo that Soanlou Mil the truth about himaolf. Hia: pSftuilH saw that ho' waa likely to L.J*?? l "a oravens thoy wero tho K|,T on n > 3 downward' road in rw winning the favor of his sue- I v?s commandant hold tbe charges I 3'P' onoe Busponded intimating that ho would rooom r*Jdi!m.Baa to the anthoritics at '" <f1 ... , ko * WM installed in hia ?v-fwthe disgust of Whiffon. t Cl Mn L sU , bla WBO 'o'iooa when , ft fio had been dupad and be ?" Ja.wppotcd lriends, and by his ? &1 Tho to, ? cn oa to Hobart : £, ba wold have to remain SV^!* 1 mon 'bfl until the L.l .' .' oour?O bo would ba fj tn m\ rations as long as it 7, DariD B that time &ma; \- "ewnaanim. "?IJ, r" throu 8 n with 'be 4t4h.L . two we ekB hero- SSffi" " od !?? over his Sri; , ,no trial ?' oonviat ||f M| fot 'ao murder of Bradly, ?l& 3c< l,' ho MMmmos. and ?^m^,y tha thtoat - This X" n 'S? cM ! the only h rt, , twasoo ?victMor. *%£. mV PBrjUry Waflof : <*???!." hl i flat ?ation, ho [ M Dhnn ,Ma ?.? M ?' Stolon. al,„ n ? a , WoQld have been ao *fa h,m. >, 8n ht l?a statement Mfe 1 '- He told the jury ' he y.B?w of the affair. |C l?ttaokhim ' n ?hadh 8 |Sltft. lw the statement ifc 01 |;?a that Dixon was fit,, e E0 "l ar * efl Peoia?y if P-OMr'in^* anc , MWM P re?DDt . itanei to . ; wa9 ,ha wcros?or, teSivun- nn 3 'P" 80n nU[n g|| o on, and a vacancy left rl?tl'erZ Uobar L t IoWD - "owr- M?te rs .'h fl d iamiaatt , o , Ob ooDli i Soi>nlon ' wi 'h an pfWo vln V ,v' rCB P nsBa se fe| maj th 8 conduct ot tho !ato head ocnalnblo had bcon very qaeeif. ? Ho >? wandered about in an aimless manner dur ing tha Any, cud frequently fluting the night also, and ho v?ai but. the ghost o? ibis format self. Moat peopla' put thiu chanfio down io over indnlgonco in rum, but thoso who vjeio moat intimately associated with him know : that infact Soanlon drank very litllo since I his aasponoion. Two years previously ha ; bad received a sunstroke whilst oat in tha fieldp, and it was more probable that this | injury was reasserting itself. ? 5 Oa the 7th oi Jnly, 1847, ; head constable Wilcox, aooompaniod by afield convict named ? 'Heide, had occasion to inspect a flax field on .the outer edgo of the oultivatsd distriot fac ing southwards. : ? Tho locality in question [was very hilly, and in the intervening deep 'galliea tho.flant was grown.. Tha uurround ing diatriots v?isa the wildest in the' Island, :ib woa not more than a mile from iCasoade-prison. The forest waa a densely : tropioal one, pnd no attonrpthad boen made ;oa yet to,utilise'it. Three, quartern olamila from the gaol tha last gang of laborers waa passed, and it was from thi? party that Wil' aox took Ileide to acoompanyhim. As they proceeded the hills became'fltoepoc and higher, and .an air ol wilil lonlimesa hung over the place. It was hero thai the wild flax had been first found, and it was still almost in its virgin state. It was part of tha head constable's duty /to visit' tho looality .oDoa a jmonth and report on it, and in pursuance of ithat order Wilcox visited it that day; ' Tho two men had prooeeded almost to the 'extreme limit when they, were enddenly startled by a laugh not far from them, and turning in the direotion from which it came 'they were astonished and alarmed at seeing Soanlon a short distance np the aide of a hill .on thoir right, : He was standing behind the trunk of a Isifge fallen treo, and only his 'breast and head were visible. ; " Where [are : yoa going to?" bo bailed I from hia elevated position. ; . " We are just inspecting the planta," ro ? plied Wilcox, who felt very much alarmod at /his.,appearance, and. wished ' to; Conciliate himi- " Will you not coma and join us,'old fellow,". ~ "?No. " I don'J oara to join yon where you areaboutto go. :I. dore say I'll get there soon enough myself. I've oomo here to give yott a parting gift before I leave, the Island, I'll take care this time that you will not be able to toll the commandant any tales about mo, Ihave'heen : waiting for this fortwo ! months, and now that I hivo. got you I in tend to havemyrevengo." As Scanlon spoke it was quite evident to both Wiloot and Heide that bo meant mia ohief.. Ilia appearance was wild, and hia eyea biased with a deadly hatred. The head constable was armed, but Heide was sot, and if Scanlon had a gun ha had a considerable advantage over them, aa tbey were -standing in a portion of the gully, whilst the ex constable was well sheltered. ..' If ho would deadend from hia position the two men would bave'a better abance against him. " Come down and .don't bear ill will. I am a friond of, yours, Scanlon, and will do anything I can to help you, ' Come baok with mo and have dinner," Wilcox said. . " Yon sbiowod your friendship oncei didn't' you," aneeretl Soanlon, and I am going to show you now'how ,1 ajipreaiato it. I have oame hero expressly to kill yon, and I may as welldoit'at bnofl." ? Ae bo spoke bo pointed ti musket over the log, and proceeded to take aim at the hoad constable. 1 Heide rushed 1 for" aheltor, bat Wilcox inetantly ~roao hia musket and fired hastily at his enemy. It would have been bolter had ho followed Heide'a example and made for covor, for the ohances would be against Soanlon hitting a running man. As it was hia hasty shot missed its intended mark, but it gave the ex-oon?table time to take aconrate aim. Ad instant after the re port of Wilcox's rifle rang out it was an swered by another, and the head constable of Cascade tell dead with a ballet through his heart. When he saw his enemy fall the di?mi??ed offioial ran in the direation of the thiaket where Heide was concealed, but the latter lied with all speed, and a race for life ensued. Had it not been for tho proximity of the outer gang of laborers the flying con vict would most oortainly have been over taken, but he.managed to reaoh that party before his pursuer, and tho latter oeased to follow him when he saw tho laborers. Ho evidently wished to kill Heide in order to destroy any evidenos of his guilt regarding Wilcox! : The oonviot made bis way to the gaol ss rapidly as possible, and .gave the alarm of Wilcox's death. The superintendent at once sent a P&rty; of soldiers to the place under the guidanoe of Heide, and be also sent a messenger to the head station to inform the oommandant of tho occurrence. The day following the murder was an extremely wet and stormy one, as was also the seaond suc ceeding day, and the ohiel official did not despatoh'any searoh parties to oaptare Soan lon until tha third day after the tragedy. This broko fine and a I ear, and no lass than four different expeditions were sent into the forest to hunt ap the ex-hoad oonstable. The oommandant knew well that if he was not mad he mu?t be in a desperate stotp, orhe would not have committed the deed he had, being a free man at the time. If not oap tared he would doubtless resort to further oats .of violenoe, and -no efforts should be spared to bring him to justice. The four searoh parties left the bead sta tion in different directions, and the com mandant himself accompaniod ono of them. This body headed for tho contro ottha island where the bills were high and Bteep, and the forest denso. Twj of the others Bkirted along the sea shore, and tho fourth went in a paral lel line—about a mile distant—with the eommandent's party. A most thorough search was made. Every tbioket was ex amined. Hollow trees and logs were looked at, and it eeemed almost impossible that tho fugitive could evade his pursuers. Towards noon they had reaobed the osntre of tho is land, and on the top of a commanding hill the commandant's party baited to have some refreshment. The ohief officer had seated himself at the foot of a large troe, and when the light meal was ovor ha bade the soldiers searoh a dense thioket about two hundred yards to the south, and then return to bim to explore tho gloomy valley in front. Tho men had not departed five minutes when the oommandant was rudely startled from a noonday reverie, into which he had fallen, by a hoarse voiae saving,— "Attempt tho least resistance, and yotf are a dead man." His hands instinctively sought his pi?tols, but as he looked up and saw the drawn and haggard faoe of Soanlon peering at bim a few yards away with his musket at the shoulder and pointed at his heart, he saw how completely he was in the powor of the desperate and buntod ex-constable. f What do you want with me. You might lower your gun," tho oflloer at length found voioe to say, feeling at the Bama time that he was lost. " I want revenge. Thero is nothing else left for mo but that" hissed Soanlon. "You came to hunt mo down, but I have turnod the table?, and hunced you down." " Why do you want revorgo on mo. I am only doing my duty," the oommandant an swered firmly. "For many reasons. I would not be in the position lam at this moment bad it not been for you. As your guard will be hero in a few minutes I will not waste any further time with you." Ab ho spoko ho-pulled the trigger of the musket, but it missed Ore. The hoavy rain of the previous two days bad rendered the powdor useless. Determined not to bs baulked of his victim ho sprang forward to olub the offlocr, but be was too quiok for bis assailant. His hand was on his pistols, and in an instant be bad drawn one and fired point blank at Soanlon'a breast, killing him instantly; While ho was wiping tho beads of perspiration from his faoe, wbioh were brought thero by tbo terrible ordeal bo had just undergono, the soldiora ran up, and bo directed them to convoy tho body to tho sottloment. Next week tho series of rcoords will be continued under the title of " Convict Charles Mooney," The iLoidenta nanated therein, which are stern truths, will prove of great ntoroat to tho reader. 