GHOST CUT GHOST.) Yen may imsgice that during my carcer j as a dttective 1 h&ve; had srmc singular job= J given me [ 0 work on. Thtra was one little S pit-e of lu-inees that I alwcjs iook back [ upen with a good deal of profcsfional price, [ although the ercirg was a very sad one. It J was a cate of diamond cut oiimond—ghost cut ghost, I csli it—End tcok up my timB for ! the better part of six months. | Abcct ten miles outside the limits cf San Francieco—I'm speaking of about twenty yesrs ego—stood a large farmhouse. This house had teen vacant for three years before I saw it. The original owner had been murdered there, and the houEe and farm hsl psEttdinto the handa of his brother, who was a New York gentleman. The New "i crkcr bticg unable to find a tenant for tbe henee End farm which had paEsed into Lis bancpj left them to take care of themselvep. Now, a wooden house left to take care ol iteelf is in a very bad wsy, and though for a tiire the house was net without tenants, they were not EUch as took upon themselves any reeponfcibility for the necetsaiy repairs. Partiee of tno or three miners occasionally stopped at the houEe all night; thEEe were its enly tenants. But by-and-bye it wae deserted by even these chance visitants ; for word began to get about that the house WBB haunted. The panic caused by this report was such that for love or money you couldn't have hired a carpenter to enter it even in the daytime. Of couree I heard of the haunted boufe; but as detectives are never called cpon to rrreet ghosts, I felt no particular curicEity nbcut it. One morning our cUef put into my hands a caee Bgsicbt an abfcton iir,gsecretary named Ccffin, Ccffin wa« tht ee:retary of the White Mountain Mining Company. All the funds had been under his ccntrol, and he had got away with eometen thousand dollars belonging to the shareholders, My business was to find him. His landlady told me that he'd gone away vrilhout his trunks or clothes. The only tbirgs that were mieeirg were a suit of clotbes, a stout pair of boots, one or two clean shirts, some collars, a wide-awake hat, and a black valiEe. He had left the town at night. No one had witnessed his departure. Here was a good chance for a detective to work by iba inductive process—from small beginnings to work on and on from clue to elue until he bapged his man. All thbt 1 could do was to work all the reads loading out of the town. After about a week at this I found a farm hand who had seen a foot pasgEDger rtEcmbling my man the morning after he had absconded, I followed this trail and scon became positive that I was on the right track. Coffin was a shrewd fellow. He had pUnned the Embezzlement and escape carefully, and had m^de elaborate preparations for playing what we call the " chameleon game," that iB for changing his clothing, headgear and face, at every stage. To this end he had possesEed himself of a ohange or two of clothicg, a stock of hats, and any quantity of whiskers; and he rung the changes on these very frequently. The black bag was the only thing that I had to rely upon as a pointer. Fortunately, a man on tramp witb a black bag was not in ILOEO days a common bight ; and I bad leas difficulty in following Coffin's trail than might be supposed. The first time I heard of him he was a smooth-faced gentleman, dressed in shabby black, looking for B11 the world like a broken down gambler going to retrieve his fortunes in some mining camp. Tbe next, he was a midd'e-aged dcetor, with a flowing beard and heavy moustache. Later on, he was playing the role of a comuany promoter, effering to buy op mining claims cn behalf of an Ecglish syndicate. He was then attired in a check suit, a light het, and Eide whiskers. At this stage I obtained positive proof that 1 was following the right man, and I thought I ehould have .no difficulty in laying my hand on Coffin. My calculations deceived me. I found that be WBB "doubling" and traced him almost as far as tbe suburbs of San Francisco, There I lost all trace of him as completely as if the earth bad swallowed him up. Months afterward, feeling vexed and disappointed, I dropped into a Baloon at the outskirts of tbe town to get a "liquor." I bad had as pretty a dance after Coffin as any man need want, but the interest of the game supported me, and I was determined not to give it np. There were three or four miners in the bar, acd one of them was evidently greatly cxcited. His companions seemed to be ridiculing him, and he was getting what we call "ugly." I made my way towards the little knot of talkers and overheard the following conversation : " So, you didn't thick mnch cf your lodgings in the haunted houEe, Bill ?" «' No, 1 didn't— no two ways about it." " What did you hear 7" '•'Twasnt what I heard—'twas what I law." " What did you see, then ?" " Why, the doors openin' and shuttin 1 without anybody touchin' 'em." " Nonsenee, man 1" " Nonsense be blowed 1 I tell you they did. And when I drawed my six-shooter and fired half a dozen shots clean through the dooi—makin' the all-firedest row you ever heard—the door kep' openin' and ahuttin' and playin' tunes, I felt like a gone tucker, you bet. My heart began to jump so under my jacket that it's a wonder it didn't kncck a button cS. I wouldn't go there again for all the money in the State. But if anybody here thinks I'm a coward, he's only got to say EO." It Buddenly occurred to me that I had located Coffin. A vague suspicion of this sort, had, it is true, flitted through my mind before ; but now, without being able to explain why, I felt asEured that, however imposeills it might Epfm, Coffin was the ghost in the haunted house. Beycnd the facts that tbe feme cf the haunted house was widespread, and that everybody knew of its existence, there was nothing to support my theory except the maxim of the most famous of all detectives—a msxim destined to assure his after-fame : " Always suspect that which Eefms probable, and begin by Believing what appears incredible." I determined to call in the aid of another detective, and vmt the place next night. I choEB fcr my companion George Webber, one of the most esteemed members of tbe force, a man who had proved his worth. Webber was a mar of imperturbable calmness, and with great confidence in himself. He would have laid bis hand upon the moEt dangerous criminal as tranquilly as if he had been accepting a friend. The haunted farmhonee was situated about a hundred yards from the roadway. What ence had been a garden was now a veritable jungle, given np to weeds and bushes. Fortunately, although it was ten o'clock, the night was clear. Innumerable etars lit up the flinty Eky. Tbere was no light in the houEe , no signs of its being inhabited. The windows of the ground floor were broken, and some of the doors were open. We entered at the rear. A place of more sinister aspect I never saw. The plaster had crumbled from the walls; the flooring was rot ten ; the ceiling looked aa though it might fall Bt any time, the rafterH being bent as if they eupported a heavy weight. The sitting-room, where "Bill" had taken np his quarters a few nights previously, contained a rough table and a few stools, which had been overturned. I could see that the door which led from it to the staircase had been riddled by bullets. There waB a doorway in the passage, but the door was gone. The door which led into the parlor opened noiselesEly. Onr lanterns revealed the faot that the table*, gl&ss; and chairs had been overturned, thrown in every direction, trodden upon, Bhivered into fragment's. Everything denoted that this room had been the scene of a terrible struggle. The keyhole of the door which led into the oellat was EEWQ up with cobwebs. The cellar itself was full of dust and debris. Caoh ol L:S bed a lantern and each inspected for himself. R inning along the side wall, I detected f. wire, and following this I found that it •iisEppeared in an old barrel. Without disturbing tbe wire, I removed the head of the aarrel aid fonnd that the wire was attaohed to an old sauoepan lid. A thorough examination revta'ed nothing farther; so we returned to the sitting-room. I did not tell my companion what I had seen, and he had discovered nothing. We did not go upstairs, because we thought it would be prudent to postpone further explorations until the next dey. Meanwhile, wo darkened our lanterns and deposited thEm in a corner. The room was semi-dark. Our eyes and ears were on the aleit; but the house was still as the tomb; we Eaw nothing and heard no sound. I had merely toio my companion that I expected to make an important discovery. Of its nature he knew nothing. We wailed in the most acutij Stgree of expectation and attention until nearly midnight. Ail of a sudden we heard faint notes of music, which laEted for a few minutes. Byand-bye the muEic was aocompanied by a voice, Tbe eoands were as fine and soft as the voice of a obild. I was satisfied that the musia was the woik of human hands and the voioe a human voice, but I was considerably startled. My companion looked very pale, and strove to rise from the place where he sal. I put my hand on his arm to prevent him. It was scaroely necessary, for he could barely muster strength to whisper, " Lei's get." The musio was trailing away into feeble* ness, when the staircase door began to open and ehut. I felt cure that the wire which 1 had seen down etaira had something to do with this. I made a great effort to rise. To my astonishment, I could not move a limb. I could only bend forward and gatp. A power which I soold not resist made me motionlees and specchleEB. Yet all the time I was burning to '"go " for that door, bat I hadn't physical capaoity to do so. My companion recovered first, and seizing both lanterns, daBhed from the house and made for the roadway. I jumped to my feet and followed my companion. Aa I did so, I heard a tank, tunk, tunk ! down in the cellar. I found my mate in the highway, his UN as white aR a sheet. "What in thunder ails you, man?" I asked, feeling that the most creditable way of drawing my companion's attention from my condition was to heighten the absurdity of his. " The ghost I" he gasped. "I wouldn't go back to that house to save my life." There was nothing for it but to tell Webber what I'd seen and what I suspccted. As 1 have said, my fellow-detective was as brave a man as ever tonk up a trail; and when I told him what I had seen, he became perfectly self posEessed. We spent the reminder of thB night in laying cur plans. In the early morning he rode baok to San Francieco to get the necessary apparatus for carry, ing them out. I remained to " shadow " the houEe. Just as ;t was getting dusk my companion returned, and we re-entered the house from the rear, noiselessly, and with great caution. Removing my shoes, I made my way uf stairs, where I fancied I detected a slight noise overhead. There was co sign of this room having been inhabited. The old place was two stories high, with a garret at tbe top. The garret was evidently reaahed by a ladder, though none was visible. I surmised that the ghost was in this garret, and that anyone Rhowing hia head above the scuttle would get it rapped, even if he didn't get shct, There was & large cupboard facing the entrance to the garret, and in the door of it I bored—on a level with my eyes—a few small boles with a gimlet which I happened to have in my pocket-knife, first drawing it through my hair, to prevent its making the slightest noiee. My plan was to play the ghost for ths benefit of the occupant of the garret—ghost, or no ghost. For this purpoee Webber bad brought with bim an old fiddle. I removed all the strings but one, told my companion to allow me to sccretc myf elf above, and then to make a noiEe on that one string, accompanying it with a few groans and other muffled noises. 1 hadn't been hii many minutes before I heard the darnedest row from below. It wasn't like anything earthly. At first it seemed like one shrieking in pain then it sounded like belligerent cats, and then it died away in a few complaining sighs. It was so weird that, although I knew very well that my mate was causing it, I couldn't help feeling a bit queer. Pretty soon I heard*a movement overhead; the souttle-top was being removed. Next a ladder was thruBt down the scuttle. To help Webber to keep up the entertainment, I gave a few groans inside the enpboard. That brought a man down the ladder. He'd no sooner reaohed the foot of it than I collared him. It was Coffin. The moment I touched him he sank down on the floor like—like an empty eaok. He seemed as if ho hadn't got a bone in his body: he was as limp as a jelly-fish. While I got him out into tne open air, Webber ssarohed tbe garret, and found all the missing dollars, bonds, <to. We hurried Coffin back to San Francisco, intending to lock him up. He was still anconscious. and we were obliged to summon a doctor. Pocr fellow 1 He never get over it. Whin he came out ot his ewoon he was mad, and had to spend tbe rest of his days in an asylum. That's the 1 if-ct it has, sir, when a man really believes he has come in contact with the sup&rnalural;, as Coffin did. "WHOSE cigars does Carver smoke?" " Anybody'?." HE : " Chapley seems to me to bQ a man of one idea." She: "He is more fortunate than I thought.' A MAU never fu'ly realises the wealth ol information he dozsn't pcesess till his first child begins to ask questions. HE : " I am a millionaire. Haven't I money enough for both of us?" She : " Yes, if you are moderate in yonr taBtes." SHE : " So ycu are engaged to one of the Musgrave twins I How can you distinguish one from the other?'' He : "I don't try to." SuMDAY-school teacher: "Now, Johnnie, tell me what took all the snap ont of Bamson." Johnnie: " A home-made hair-oat, ma'am." He : " Tell me what yon think of my last poem. I want to finish it, as I have other irons in the fire." She: " I should withdraw the irons and insert tbe poem." " So your papa hap ;joce filing, has hef' Eaid the minister to Johnny Cumso;" what kind of tackle dope he use?" " Hook and lyin'," "replied the intelligent boy. " I'd like to know why you hired a young woman for a type-writer?" demanded Mrs Hilow of her husband. So I could have some one to dictate to," replied the unhappy man. , SHE : " What a fitting token of married love is the wedding- ring 1" HE: "It is. A ring has no end; and it also has no beginning. It is absolutely without variety; and is mnch easier put on than taken off." CUSTOMER: " I bought some medicine here yesterday for my dog, and after I gave it to him it died. What do you mean, anyway T I didn't tell yon I wanted to kill him." DruggiEt : " You said he belonged to ycur wife." It is no breach of logia to conclude that the man with the rum blossom is n booming chum. 