A REAL GHOST. A lawyer and a bishop were talking, and this was the manner of their talk. I ha . o beoome thoroughly convinced," said t to lawyer, " of the existence of nocturnal apparitions, for I have seen one !" " Dear me !" exclaimed the bishop. " I am very curious. Relate the story." " I will, my Lord, I will," said the lawyer. " It was between the hoars of 11 and 12. I had gone to bed, and was just falliug into my first comfortable sleep, when I was awakened by a strange creaking noise. It sounded if some one was walking upstairs! The steps sounied nearer and nearer, slower and slower; solemn and measured they were, and presently they halted at my door. I drew the sheet over my head, and lay there trembling, not daring to move. Some thins," continued the lawyer, "entered my room, and threw the sheet over my face. I feltratherthan saw a faint yellow glimmering light. I could not move at first, but I presently managed to gain a little courage. I drew the sheet cautiously down from my face, and looked." " Well," cried the bishop excitedly. '' In the centre of tli«> rouin," said the lawyer, slowly. " stood a tall i-id in an. He seemed gaunt and worn with a?e or hunger, and his long grey beard hung half-way down his breast. He was dressed in a queer loose cloak with a cape, and he wore a broad leather baud about bis waist. In one hand he held a peculiarly-shaped lantern, from which flowed the yellow light, making strange ghostly shadows on the wall behind him. In the other hand he held a staff, the look of which was unpleasant. He stood still in the middle of the floor looking at me. Presently I said, 'Whence art thou? What dost thou retjuire 1"' " And what did he sayerica the bishop, fixing his eyes upon tbo odd expression of the lawyer's face. " He said," replied the lawyer, speaking in au hoarse whisper, "he said 'I lieg yer pardon, sur. I'm the watchman of the street, sur ; an' I thought 'twould be best for me, sur, to c-otr-e cp an" tell yer that yer front door stood open. If ye do be lavin' it that way, sur, it's bad luck vo'll have before the mornin'!'" 