THE STORYTELLER. I THE Snut£0ls^«v totrje Who Shall be Heir. CHAPTER XVII. ‘STRICKEN DOWN. ‘ Your mother shall com*—not your father. Should I b*corae helpless to ^express my wishes, I wish it understood distinctly that at no tim* shall I permit your father to reside under my roof.’ Clarence scowled like a murderer at this, and viciously rubbed it out, where upon Mr* Somerset rewrote th* word* in formal phrase, signed for Mitford to fetch pen and paper, and made her copy the order and lay it away in her little desk. Clarence wrote for his dear mother to come at once to grandmamma’s sick bed, dispatched the letter, which was singu larly brief ; and then lie sought out Cora and" Frank to brag to them that grand mamma had. made him send for his mother to come and nurse her, and man age her house. " The next morning brought fortli a season of wild excitement lor Clarence. Dr Arlington arrived with a stranger in tow, whom he addressed as Mr Chcrnlej whom Cora greeted like a prized old friend, and to whom both Frank and himself were presented with some for > Who is the old beggar?’ supercili ously asked Clarence, of Cora, when the; > gentleman hail gone upstairs to Mrs Somerset. Ciarencc had disliked the wav > in which the stranger had looked him over with his keen bright eyes, more especially as he was conscious of having betrayed visible uneasiness. Mr Chearnlev is Mrs. Somerset’s lawver, replied Cora coldly, turning away. Clarence almost jumped off tho door to hear it. Her lawyer! The man who could make her will, perhaps had made it, and knew that very moment who was to be the heir ! Or, perhaps, she had summoned him only now to make it, and when the lawyer looked so searchingly at him, perhaps he was wondering whe ther lie was to be the heir. Clarence haunted the passage near the sick room in a fever of rapacious, greedy suspense. ‘ Who shall be the hen' he muttered ths words over and over ; he heard them resounding in his ears ; he saw them written on the air, the walls, the floor—everywhere ; he almost scream ed it aloud! The lawyer’s interview witli his client was a long one, and Dr Arlington shared ■it. Mitford also never left the room, i except to come suddenly out to the' passage, and stare suspiciously at Clar ence, who was always in the vicinity, almost as if she thought liiin capable of listening at the keyhole. But at last interview was over, and though the doc-, tor hurried away, the lawyer joiued. the young people at lunch, and under a passive demeanour, scanned the thr»e curiously. Tire restless, excited manner of Clarence.contrasted .forcibly with that of the other two, who, hoping'oh fearing nothing, were natural and unconstrained with innocence siting out from their clear Mr Chearnley was, it appeared from his ponderous jokes an old flame of Miss Cora, and courted her in vain from the very day she was brought up from the beach by a fisherman, a dripping little bundle of lace, and bright wet curls, and snatched to the bosom of Madam Somer ! set, who then and there adopted the two year old waif to be her daughter, and called upon the lawyer to make the act of the adoption a legal deed. Clarence listened with impatience to these reminiscences, and to Cora’s eager continuance of the subject, when he was longing to twist, the conversation round somehow to the burning question which consumed,his brain. •\ ‘A,rid'was it known who brought me.to mamma?’ asked Cora.a . >; ‘Oh, yes ; a man named-Polson - lie lives in the place yet, andJis of rather a] shady reputation in the revenue depart ment,’ replied Mr Chearnley. ‘ And did nobody drift ashore with that baby ?’ asked Cora, paling curiously .as the lawyer thought. ‘ Hot that we ever heard of,’ was the answer. ‘The steamer was wrecked at night—lured, somo say, to her doom' by wrecker? on the cliff. Before dawn she was scattered over the beach in shattered' fragments, and her dead washed out .to sea in tha returning tide.: Only an in fant lashed to a raft of life preservers^ was cast ashore, and snatched from ' the" waves, before they could suck it back, by. this man Poison. Judging byyout; clothes that you came of a gentler race titan their own, they brought ;you to Somerset as the fittest nest for such a dainty bird.’ And lie smiled fondly at tho swoet girl, thinking how richly she had repaid the old lady’s kindness by a life of tenderost love and obedience. ‘And there was a little crumpled up locket round the baby’s neek,” murinnred Cora, going on with tho story ns if it fascinated hor ; ‘and you and mamma thought that the letters engraved on ' it were ‘ Cora May,’ but you were never ‘ Hot in the least sure, lady fair said the lawyer, lightly. ' • In, fact I;; have: a strong suspicion that they were nothing of the sort, but merely. some baby pet name, which told 'nothing. , : .- k i . * bud) a> ‘ wara aim, iiroacne i Ooia, looking up in his eves. * Just so, you wonderful child. How did you find that out?’ returned Mr Chearnley, much surprise 1. ‘ It came to me,’ she said : hut would say no more before one so uncongenial as Clarence. ’ ,. 4 Wel1, I.guessed at . that pet name long ago,’ said the lawyer, gently; 4 hut we'had done" all in mortal power to discover your parentage and- failed. I preferred that ' Mrs -Somerset should1 take you-into: her heart, as an - English speaking-little wnif;-and-not as a foreign, and dhercfore-ahen,-thing, whom she might fancy she could not clearly under stand,. "And, after all, the Coin Mia proves nothing. Yo.ur.-yarents may have been Americans who have lived abroad long enough to call their dainty baby by the prettiest Italian love word ever coined. There, dismiss the sub ject from your mind, my dear little girl; the secret' of'jrour birth is a secret beyond us, and we must submit.’ . The lawyer rose; - looked at his watch, and declared he must hurry away. He shook hands with Cora, saying a few words of comfort and encouragement to her in a low tone, and then shook hands with the two lads in a hurried, off hand manner. 4 Well, young sir,’ said lie, without •looking at either of them to show which lie meant ; 4 r'caiL’t help saying that I hope it may' he -many a ' long day before you come to your'inheritance, since that means my old friend departing to the heavenly kingdom. That’s tiie worst of will making ; you can’t wish one well without wishing the other ill. Good day, sir.’ And out he marched. Which 4 sir’ did lie mean ? Frank’s honest eyes winencd a bit, and lie stole a perpled glance.-at his dear comrade, Cora, hut Clarence got red and white, hurried out after the lawyer, with the resolution to 4 do or die.’ Mr Chearn ley was just stepping into his quiet and elegant close carriage ; he looked in the perturbed face of the youth with an in scrutable smile. 4 You—a—1—a fancy you were speaking more particularly to me ?’> in quired ho with an air of playful assurance, ' The lawyer chose1 the exact mathe matical centre' of his questioner’s eyes, and looked plumb through them into .his soul. - Then lie' lifted hU hat from his head in a frigid how, stepped into his brougham, and rolled away without deigning the ghost of an answer. And Clarence went to bed that night half delirious with suspense, heartily craving the sudden demise of his grand mamma, that his troubles might be at an end. And ere-the morning broke, a cry rang through the house. Mrs Somerset had been stricken for the second time, and this . tim’, there was no talk of hopo. Providence seemed to have bestowed, upon Clareu’ce -a ghastly fulfilment of Iiis wish. ■ He began to believe - himself one of the ‘ lucky ones.’ - . 