THE WHITE SHE-WOL.F. By Gilbert Campbell. " Quite well, dear papa," answered the, child; "but where is the fine white wolf-skin that you P r ""your"father did not find her,"answered R«ina, with a little laugh ; " the white wolf n.as not so easy to catch as he fancied." Alexis had movei a few steps nearer to the lady, and was listening with grave attention to every word she uttored. " Are white wolves so difficult to kill, then ? a S "°it seems so, my little man," returned the lady, " since your father and all the serfs of Kostopehin were unable to do so.'' "I have got a pistol that good'old Michal has taught me to fire, and I am sure I could kill her if ever I got a sight of her,"' observed Alexis, boldly. " There's a brave boy,'.' returned Ravina with one of her shrill laughs ; " and now, won't you come and sit on my knee, for I am very fond of little boys ?" ... , "No, I don't like you," answered Alexis,;: after a moment's consideration, "for Michal Bays " r " Go to your room, you insolent young brat,' broke in his father, in a voice of .thunder?-' "you spend so much of your time with Michal and the serfs that you have learned, all their boorish habits," Tivo tiny tears rolled down the boy's cheeks as in obedience to his father's orders he turned about and quitted the room, while Ravina. darted a strange look of dislike after him, , As soon, however, as the door had closedj the fair woman addressed Katrina. "Well, perhaps . you -will .not be so unkind to me as your brother, 1 ' said she ; "come to me," and as she spoke she held out her arms. ... _ • . . j., The little girl came to her without hesitation, and began to smoothe the silken tresses which were coiled and wreathed around Havana's head. "Pretty, pretty," she murmured ; "beautiful lady." " You see, Paul Sergevitch, that your little daughter has taken to me at once," remarked Ravina. " She has taken to you in a most wonderful manner," remarked Paul, with a pleased. Bmile; " you have quite obtained possession of her heart." " Not yet, whatever I may do later on," answered the woman, with her strange, cold smile. Presently, the child grew tired of her new acquaintance, and sliding down from her knee, crept from the room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Raviua remained silent for a few moments, and then the. woman broke the silence. " All that remains for me now, Paul Sergevitch, is to trespass on'your hospitality, and to ask you to lend me some disguise, and assist me to gain the nearest post-town, which,'I think is Vittoski."' " And why should you wish to leave this at all ?" demandad Paul, a deep flush rising to his check; "you are perfectly safe in my house, and if j<m attempt to leave Kostopehin, you will inevitably fall into the hands of the poliue." "AudPaUj Sergevitch will tell them where they c.in iindl me ?" questioned Ravina, with an ironical iniieettioii in the tone of her voice; "I never thought—that is "stammered ilie man. " Nd, you. never thought tint I could.read you so plainly." pursued the woman, pitilessly : " but it is tae truth that 1 have told-you, -and sooner than remain an inmate o' yourliouse, I would leave it, even if all the police of Russia stood ready to arrest ins on its very threshold." "Stay, Rj.ivina," exclaimed Paul, as the woman made a step towards the door ; I do not wiy whether your reading of my thoughts is right or wrong;, but before you leave, listen to me. 1 tell yoia plainly that from the first moni'.nt that I seit eyes on you, a strange new feeling has risem dp in my heart—hot the cold thing that society calls love, but a.burijin° r , resistless flood which flows down like molten lava from the volcano's crater. : Stay Ravina, be my wife—you are safe-onough from all'.purauithere." " And does Paul Sergevitch actually mean to oiler his hand to a woman whose name he"does not even know, and of whose feelings toward him he is entirely ignorant ?" asked the woinan, with her customary mocking laugh. " What do I care for, name or birth ?'' returned ho, hotly ; " I have enough for both, Bnd as for love, my passion would socn kindle some sparks of it in your breastj cold and frozen 113 it may now be." -Let me think a little,''said Ravina-, and, throwing herself into an : arm -chair, she buried her face in her hands and seemed plunged in: deep reflection : " listen," she said, at last; "I have thought over your proposal seriously, and, upon certain conditions, I will consent to becomo your wife. At the present moment, I have no inclination for you, but, on the other baud. I feel no repugnance for yon. I will remain here a month, and during that, time Iwill remain in a suite of apartments which you will have prepared for me. Every evening I will visit you here for two hours, and upon your makingyourself agreeable* my ultimate decision will depend." And suppose that decision should be an unfavorable one V aBked Paul. ' Then," answered Ravina, with a ringing Jaugh, "I shall, as you say, leave this and take" your heart with me. ' " These are hard conditions, "- remarked' Paul ; " why not shorten the time of "probation ?' "My conditions are .unalterable;-" answered" Ravina, with a little-stamp of the foot; " do you agree to them or not ?' "I have no alternative," answered he, 'sullenly. The days slipped slowly and wearily away, but Ravina showed no signs of relenting Every evening, according to her bond she spent, two hours with Paul and made herself-most agreeable, listening i.to Jus far-fetched compliments and asseverations of love and tenderness wilier with tv coldsmile ;or with Gne=cif her mocking laughs. She refused to allow Paul to MBit her m her own apartments,rand ithe-only, intruder she permitted there, save the Servants was little Katuna, who had tal'en a strange fancy to the fair woman Aleiis, on the contrary, a voided her as much ashe-possibly could and the pair hardly ever met, Meanwhile, cunous rumors began tpjbe circulated regarding , the strange -proceedingsof$Jie lady who occupied the suite of -apartments v hich had formerly 'belongeditoihe'jf ife <of th'e owner of Kostopcbm. The (servants'- declared" that the food sent up, thoughhackcd about anil cut up, w as never tasted, but that ±lSe raw meat in the larder was frequently missing Strange sounds were often heard to issue from the looms as the panic stucken serfs hurraed' past the corridor upon which -fhe doors opened^ and dwellers in the house -were frequently disturbed bytliehowlings:of.wolves,aheiootprints of which woie distinctly visible the next inpfnmg, and, cuncusly enough, rovaiiably w the gaidens facing the west side of-the house id' which, the.lady dwelt -J i* Little Alexis, who found no encouragement to sit with his f itlier, was naturally throjm a great deal among the serfs, and heai'd the^Eubjeufc diB-' cussed with many exaggerations, * 0^3'e f of'lu8 most treasured possessions WAS op old "brass'l tj mo it oil mam an ill st mod sririon could attest With ' hits ' •mmd^eoHBtantlya-dwjel, tm,; upon the terrible talesiie iad«o greeflSly listened to, the pistol became his -daily oompan" a, whether he was wandering along (;hr «orridow of the house or wandering through the wgleotsantoWeriesflf t^^tdm, - e For a fortnight matters-went on in this manner, Paul becoming! more and more infatuated,by the charms of this strange, woman. To satisfy a whim of hers, he had even dismissed old MichaWromiiis office and forbidden him to approach the. house, But the faithful old servant,, whose-love for the, children was stronger than his fear of punishment, took to wandferat hight about;the exterior of the great wliite'houpej urged oh by some feeling for which he could in no wise account.' One evening, as Michal was making his accustomed, tour of inspection, the wail of a child struck upon his ear. He bent down his head and eagerly listened ; again he heard the faint sounds, and in them he- recognised the accents of little Katrina. Hurrying up to one of the ground floor windows in Ravina's apartment, from which a dini light streamed, lie pressed" his face against the pane and looked steadily in. A horrible'sight presented itself to his gaze. By the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw Katrina stretched upon the ground.; but her wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had been tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shape,, which seemed to be clothed in some white and shaggy covering. Katrina lay perfectly motionless, aud the hands of the figure were -engaged in hastily removing ^'.gammte^iik'tiie^^^^cSBtt®ie-tflsfia was. Boon effected ; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and the liead o£ the thing bent closely down to the child's bosom. AYith a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawing the. cross from his breast sprang boldly into theroom. The creature sprang to its feet, a,nd, the white fur-cloak falling from its bead and shoulders, disclosed the pallid features of Ravina, a-sliort, broad knife in her hand, and the lips discolored with blood. Vile Borceres!" cried Miclial, dashing for-; ward and raising Katrina in, Ilia , arms ; " what hellish work are you about ?""- Ravina's eyes gleamed fiercely upon the old man, who had interfered between her and her prey. She raised her dagger and was about to spring upon him when she caught sight of the. cross in .his extended hand With; a low cry she dropped the knife and staggered back. Michabpaid but little heed to her, for he was busily engaged "in examining the fainting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was a , wound over the loft breast from which the blood was flowing; but the injury appeared slight, and: Wot likely to prove fatal. As , soon sis . he had satisfied himself on this point, he turned to the woinan, who was crouching before the cross as a wild, beast shrinks away before the whip of his tamer. " I am going ta remove the child," said he slowly, " dare to-mention a word of what I have done or whither she • has gone, and I will arouse the village. Do you know what will.happeri. then 1 Why every peasant in the place willliurry here with a lighted .brand in his hand to consume this accursed house and the unnatural. dwellers in it. Keep silence, and l leave you to your unhallowed work. I will .no longer seek to preserve Paul Sergevitch who has given himself over to the powers of darkness'by taking a demon to his bosom." Ravina listened to hicras if she had scarcely comprehended him ; but, as tha old man retreated to the window with his helpless burden, she followed him, step by step; and as he turned to oast one glance at the shattered window; lie saw the woman's pale face and blood-stained, lips glued against an unbroken pane, with' a wild look of unsatisfied appetite in her eyes. Next morning the house of Kostopehin was filled with terror and surprise, for Eatrina, the idol of her father's heartj.had disappeared and no signs of her could be discovered. Every effort Was made ; the woods and; field's in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searched.; but it was at last concluded that robbers had carried off the .cttild for the sake of the ransom that they might be able.to extract from the father. . The day upon which all search had ceased Ravina glided into the room where she knew that she would find Paul awaitirig her. She was fully an hour before her usual lime, and the Lord of Kostopehin started to his feet In surprise. \- ... .. ' ' . " You are surprised to see me," said she.;" " but I have only come to pay you a visit for a few minutes.: r am convinced that you love me, and could but relieve a: fewof.the objections that my heart continues to raise, i might be yours." ..••:.••"'.• '/ -" Tell' me. what these . scruples. are," cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing -her hands in his ; "and be sure that I mil find means to overcome them." . ''Listen," said she, as she .withdrew her hand. "I will take two more hours for consideration. By that time the whole of the house of Kostopehin ,will be cradled in .slumber ; Ihen -meet me at the old sun-dial near the yew-tree, at the bottom of the garden and I will give you my reply." •-. " But why not come back here ?" urged he ; " there is a hard frost to-night and—' " Are you so cold a lover," broke in Ravina, with her accustomed laugh, "to dread the changes of the weatherV -But not another word; I have spoken." r > She glided from the room, but uttered a Jow cry of rage. She almoBt fell over Alexis in the corridor.- - • .-?,••-.-:. ' Why isthat brat not m bed 2" ehe cried, angrily. " Go to your room, boy," exclaimed the ; father, harshly, and the child- then slunk away. .. Paul Sergevitch. paced up and down the room. for the. two - hours that he. had to. paBS before the houi. of meeting His heart was very heavy; and a Tague feeling .ofdisquietude,began to creep over him. Twenty times he madis up his mmd' not to keep his appointment; and as often the fasemations of the-^fair .woman compelled him to rescind liis resolution Now and again-he glanced at ihe -clock, and at last its deep metallic soundvas it. struck-.the::quarter, warned • lum-.that lie had little time to lose, if he intended to keep his appointment. .....: Throwing on a heavily furred coat and- pulling a travelling-cap down over his ears, he opened > a side door and sallied out into, the grounds The dark-shape of the yew-tree soon Tose up before him, and in another moment he stood Jjeside its dusky boughs The old gray sundial stood only a few paces off, and by its side was standing a slendei figure, mapped in a white, fleecy looking cloak. It was perfectlymotionless, andagam a thrill of undefined dread: pissed through every nerve and muscle of Paul Sergevitch s body Ravina 1' said he, in faltering accents " Ravina'" "Bid you tales me for a, ghost ?" answered the fair womah, with her Bhrill laugh , " no,; no, I have not cprae to that yet. Well, Paul Sergevitch, 1 have come to ,give you my answer, are you anxious jaboufc it 2" " How can. you -asfc me (suck a question ?'; ietamed he ''-dojiot -keep -me any logger in nuspfense Is it 'yes,' or 'no "'-Paid Sergevitch,"" answered "ilie strange •woman,-coming up to him and laying her Jiands Jiipon Jns^alioulders and "fixing hei eyes upon liis With ihat Strange expression before whiph > always quailed, " flo you really love me, aul Sergevitch 1 '^.sked s>e. ^ .. .'' Love jouT' reppated ihe .Lord of jKeslop ^lun f>"liaveltaottoldyou-a thousand times •how muph my whole soul flows out, loyvard you,i,how I onlyliv® and breathe jn -your pre sence and iow death tit 4 our jfeet would Jbe' moie ^velcorrte than iife without jo"u "" f "People' often talk at''death,>and yethttie 'know bo,W x pear it is to them,' answered the "fa'ir,laSy, L a grim smile appearing upoti liei face ^"Int'teli me, do sjrousgive you fme *yqur your 'wh'ol« 'whole mlf iimell ciiuf/and IhJdOToti l-loy^f nd mine on!y, J ' answered Paiii; eiideiiv.ouriiig to embrace ttie fair.Iforia. iii liis Hmpasriorod' gracp ; -bui niio' glided frohijiiin, and tlien, with a quick bouiid, sprang upon.hip and glared iii his face with' a look that.was, absolutely appalling. Iler eyes gleamedrwith a 'lurid, fire, her lips were drawn back, showing her sharp, white teeth, whilo her breath came in sharp, quick gasps. 1: ani hungiy," she murmured, " oh, so , hut.|ry ; but ilow, Paul Sergevitch, your heart is mine.'' ' '•'•- - V ' : Her movement wiis so sudden and unexpected that he stulnbled and full heavily tolh'e'* ground, the fair woman clinging to Mm and . falling upon liis breast. It was then that the full horror of his position came up.011 jEaul, Sergevitch, and he saw his fata clearly beforehim, but a terrible'numbness prevented him from using his hands to free himself from the hideous embrace which was paralysing all his muscles. The face that was glaring into his seemed to be undergoing some fearful change, and the features to be lofting their semblance of humanity. With a sudd&n;, quick movement, she tore open" his garments,. and in another moment she had perforated his, k-ft breast with a ghasily wound arid torn, out his heart. She heeded not'.itho convulsive;' /-struggles \ which agitated the dying form of the Lord of Kostopehin, nor a diminutive forih.-approachiiig, slielhad arrived to v,itliin ten paces of the scene'of the terrible tragedy. Then the moonbeams glistened iipon the long shining barrel of a pistol, which a boy was levelling with both hands at the.-murderess. Quick and sharp-rang out tlie report, and with a wild shriek, in which there wa3 something beast like, Ravina leaped from the body of the dead man arid staggered.away to a tliiclc clump of bushes some toil paces distant. • ' The boy Alexis had heard the appointment fliat had been;'made, and dogged his father's footsteps to the try sting-place. After firing the fatal shot, hiB courage deserted bim, and lio fled back to the .house, uttering idiid slirieks for help. The 'startled servants -were soon in the presence of their di^litereii.^nasler. but aid was of no avail, for this Lord of Kostopehin had .passed away.. With fear and trembling, the superstitious peasants searched the clump of bushes, and started back in horror as, they perceived a huge .white wolf, lying stark and dead, .with a human heart clasped.between its fore-paws. • 