PENNY POSTAGE, TTF. occupants of the ministerial T offices should, of course, know their own business best, and, it may therefore be readily granted, that the loss, which in the event of the universal application of the penny postage system throughout the colony, would undoubtedly, although very temporarily, result, is one which the colony Joan'ill afford at the present time. That being 60/ it is difficult, however; to understand why Mr. .CHAPMAN'S motion in the direction referred to, was not apposed by the Government in' an outright Btraightforward manner on Wednesday. To carry it in its present emasculated and reaUy meaningless form—a process in which the only two ministers present assisted by their vote—was simply a farce, a mockery, and a waste of time, as indeed many other abstract resolutions, brought forward in the House, are. There was no need, whatever, of affirming a principle, in which ninetynine people out of a hundred are perfectly well known to believe. The House has declared that the introduction of the penny postage system throughout the colony is just and (desirable, but has left it to ,Che Government to decide as to the proper time to put theory into practice. That proper : time, we are assured, is not now, the country being in a condition of pronounced impecuniosity.' It .would be interesting to know, when it has, during the last ten or twenty years, not been more' or less in a like unenviable position, and when or how Ministers expect to get out of it. If the plea of poverty is to hold good today, it may be made to hold good for years and possibly for ever; if it is to be allowed to stand in the way of progress now, there is no reason for thinking that it may not be madu to do so ad •infinitum. We have a very good instance of this putting-off process in the fact, that years a go the late member ior Goulburn, Mr. Wit. TEECE, carried "through the House resolutions affirming, the necessity or at leaBt the desirability of primary, education being made perfectly free, and the same principle has since been re- affirmed. "Yet principle has so far had to give way ta expediency, the exigencies of the exchequer demanding this, and judging from appearances, the same state of things is likely to obtain again, even if Mr. MELVHXE should succeed in carrying another affirmative resolution . on •the 6utject throughthe House. It is perfectly justifiable, therefore, to speak of the vote J taken *»n Mr. <JHAPMAJS' , S motion, aB a mere force. Of course, it the penny postage did become universal throughout New South Wales, a temporary deficiency •would make itself-Unpleasantly felt in -the postal revenue, but it would be .temporary only, and would become less 'and less serious year by year.' "The experience of the mother country teaches "this in the plainest banner, and eurely $he principle ofgo-aheadism should not be entirely ignored, because some little inconvenience is caused for a time. A. certain amount of inconvenience must be caused, whenever the change is' made; be it now, or be it many years hence. Possibly tlie < present moment may not be, in some respects, the most opportune :' but yet it cannot be contended, that .the bugbear of impecuui- 1 jrbich has bran raised,is likely ^Tproyfe; pjioonquerable. A loss, of wliich -is'.tie ;Poatmastefr- Ge&ereFs;'Ultimate, will.<mly make:B •difference of about one-half per cent in the revenue. There canbe no question that the present an omalous position of thepennypostage system is utterly unjust and unjustifiable, inasmuch as one section of the community is favoured at the expense of another. We have here, in New South Wales, a score of localities, which have been taken as centres of certain areas, and within which areas the lower rate is charged, whilst other centres and other districts have been ignored. If Mr. KEDD has in the selection of these favoured localities been guided by any system, tbat fact has certainly not been made patent to the people at large. Indeed, there is some little reason to believe, that the more recent concessions have been the inevitable, and, it may be, the scarcely desired consequences of the application of the principle of penny postage in the first instance (leaving the metropolisoutofthe question) to an electorate, in which the Postmaster- General feels an especial interest. Such a conclusion may not be exactly generous, but, somehow, it is almost unavoidable. The aelection of the penny postage areas seems, as has bean said, not to have been based upon any definite principle at all, and its practical application is unfair. Why should, for instance, letters posted in Parramatta to various'portions of the northern district, between which places very large correspondence is carried on, have to bear the two-penny stamp still, whilst from other and far less important centres letters can be sent to the 'same places for half the money ? The IOBS to the revenue by the universal application of the system will, be,outweighed by the benefits, which such a course will confer upon the community at large. A measure, calculated to prove of undoubted national advantage has no right to be gauged by the narrow standard of a pounds, shillings, and pence consideration. HE question of finding employment for T some of the thousands, now idle at Broken Hill and likely to remain idle, so far as the mines are concerned, cropped np once more on Wednesday, but again Ministers were unprepared to give any definite reply. It is a Btrange thing, tbat they are always " going to do " something or other, but they never seem to get as far as the doing itself. The question is admittedly difficult, but it is sheer cruelty to keep it hanging up in the usual dilly-dallying manner, in which Government business is performed. If Ministers are sot prepared to do anything for the relief of the men and their families bystarting evennecessary or authorised works, they should say so in a plain, straightforward manner. Neither Sir GEOKOE DIBBS, nor Mr. LTXE, choBe to take thiB course. As a matter of fact, relief miut, in some shape or other, be afforded ere long: people cannot be left to starve. HE sensational element becomes more and T more pronounced every day in connection with the baby fainting cases. 11 the inquest on one of tt>e bodieB on Wednesday, a daughter ol the MAKINS who had generally lived from home, gave some evidence which her relatives, in charge on suspicion, regarded as untrue. When the court reassembled after lunobeon, the •other, seeing her daughter sitting in an anteroom, vehemenently cursed her, exchiming: " May the curse of the Almighty rest upon my child." ThiB incident, as well as subsequent scenes in the Court, created a profound impression, and at one time, the proceedings had lo be *teif{>orariiy stayed. In all its features this case will, it is safe to assert, be found to be as unique in the annals of the country, as they are horrible. RUITGROWERS will be interested, and, F if they happen to be content with small mercies, they will be delighted to hear, that tbe powers that be, in Minister of Agriculture SLATTEBI'S Offiet, are once more at work upon the preparation of an amended Tine Diseases Act. ThiB kind of perennial announcement, is becoming rather monotonous, perhaps, but still it shows, that the fruit industry does eneage the attention of the authorities now and then. Of coure, there is Hot the slightest chance of the amended Act becoming law this year, hut then thoBe concerned should remember that Rome was not built in a day.—There's a good lime coming—somewhere in tbe dim future. EANWHILE there comes to hand the M somewhat less oheering, hut by no means surprising intelligence, that phylloxera has been once more discovered at Toongabbie Of course, anyone who is acquainted with the modtu operandi adopted by the Tine Diseases Board and its inspectors, knows that the periodical official announcement to the effect, that the colony is entirely free from phylloxera is invariably followed by tbe announcement, that it isn't. On this particular oocasion, an ultra vigilant inspector has discovered one solitary diseased vine in a vineyard containing some thousands of vines. Nothing escapes these Argus-eyed officials. Of course, an ordinary mortal might possibly have discovered a score of diseased vines, but on the other hand he might not, and the benefit of the doubt mar as well he given to the. official, who found that solitary phylloxera—afflicted plant at .'Toongabbie Anyhow, the discovery was sufficient to justify the destruction of the whole orchard, and it proves the energy, ability and zeal of the vine Diseases Board and its officials. After all, that is something. HE Mayor of Granville stated at the last T meeting of the Council of that borough, that it had recently been decided, that Muoi cipalities, desirons of suing for arrears of rates, could not do so in the Dislrict Court, but must go to t. le Supreme Court This statement, per sr, seetnB remarkably strange, but Mayor PALUKB may well be trusted in a matter of this description. No doubt he spoke by the .cud, and his words of caution to defaulting or long-winded ratepayers to avoid, if possible, the heavy expenses attaching to Supreme Court proceedings, are worth remembering.. OW beautifully and glibly people sometimes theorise about matters, of which H they know nothing, and reallycaoknow nothing about. The cable has just'informed us "that Salvation- Army-Genera! BOOTH, in a recent interview, spoke of the position of the laboring men in Australia. He has discovered the panacea for all the disabilities from which the masses in Australia suffer, and as soonafe the remedy is applied, degression and want and the whole unemployed difficulty will disappear. The simple BOOTHIAS theory is thlit the'laboring classes .have only.'' .to. cultivate, and ultimately purchase) the large sheep runs at present held by the capitalists/' That's all! The versatile General does not exactly'say, where the funds are to come from to carry on even the most modest cultivating operations, or how the thing is to be done... This modern apostle evidently forgets, - that it is not everybody who can raise tens oft. thousands by ordering weeks of self-denial, and talking about regenerating mankind. " „.-.•.-.. HE MIYOB and Aldermen of Dnndas have T taken a wise oourtm in declining to permit Mayor WniUksoit and his merry men 40 lead them any longw in that wild goose MOM after VaKDBJMTabxK-BAowft. Tbeyh&veh;»d:enomgh of «h« toll'-bar by-law.iMg^ abd: hate fcmr~'<d)y boWta to the inevitable, r The pro- ^•-"'^cueof 'tolli to 'be'» levied «ptoiallylor *f monstrous absurdity, and it is »•> .. ~ige, tiut any sonsible man—let - alderman—would ever have for a moment imagined that the Government would oonsent to the proposad scale. The lessee of the Pennant Hills quarry showed a good deal of pluck in tackling it under such unfavourable circumstances, and the least he has a right to expect, is, that the bargain he has made shall be carried out fairly and squarely. ' *> TT^HAT shall we do with our soapsuds P" H is the all important question, which just now troubles certain unfortunate householders in Parramatta. Officialdom, in the form of the Inspector of Nuisances, is never tired of telling these ftood people that, they will bs " pulled to court " incontinently, if a drop of soapy water escapes into the gutter. The landlord says, "TMOW the water about the yard." Here again the lymfeyod steps in warningly, and insinuates something about an invitation to Mr. Edwards' hostelry. Besides, such a course, followed in the very limited yard-room of the premises;referred to, would certainly result in serious consequences from a sanitary point of view. However, there is balm in Gilead for the afflicted ones! Landlordism is ceasing to prove obdurate, and is said to be about to fully acknowledge its duties and responsibilities. HERE is an unpleasaut rumour about in T oonnection with the case of the Cbinaman, who was dischargod from the Parramatta Die. trict Hospital a few dayB ago to a Government institution. It is acknowledged that the man was suffering from a pronounced skin disease. Beport—said to be well founded— says that a day or two prior to his removal, this man had been employed in various light duties about the Hospital, among other work given to him being that of peeling potatoes for the patients' and possibly for the nurses' dinner. We give tbe tale as 'twas told to us: if the fact is us stated, comment is superfluous. It mHy be, however, that public attention (and in an especial manner, the attention of the Hospital authorities) having been thus drawn to the matter, the recurrence of anything of the kind will be prevented. HE affairs of the institution are, speaking T generally, administered efficiently and well, and there is no need, therefore, to pile on the agony as regards tbis matter. Tbe committee's efferti in the direction of retrenchment, too, are highly commendable, but even in this connection they may go too far. . It will, probably, be found tbat tbe blame for permitting the Cbinaman concerned to be employed in preparing food, suffering as he was, must be primarily placed on the shoulders of some of the subordinate employees. All the same, steps should be taken to render a repetition of the practice simply impossible. What might not the consequences have been ? HE proceedings at the Rookwood Borough T Council's last meeting laBted till the small hours of the morning were approaching, and then they had, for ail practical purposes, only just oommenced. It was 11 o'clock before the correspondence received had been lead and dealt with, and ultimately the Conncil had to adjourn once more till Friday evening. Surely this sort of thing can be avoided, if the members of the Council were but capable of even a minimum amount of self-control. There is scarce a matter, however trivial, which is not tortured into a subject for debate or discussion ; indeed, some of tbe members of the Council seem to be terribly afflicted with caeoHhes loquenii. Added to this another causa for the long drawn-out agony of the proceeding : is the extraordinary amount of,—-well say, deliberation which Council Clerk DEBCBQH HOCTEB imparts into them, and the equally extraordinary facility with which documents are occasionally mislaid, temporarily, of course. Anyhow tbe nuisance remains. Y*7"HAT an absurd farce it is for the high YV and mighty municipal wiseacres of Bookwood to turn every mother's son, not clothed in aldermanic or Hooterian dignity, out of the room when they go into Committee, and then transact business in such a boisterons manner that anyone standing fifty yards off can hear all that is going on 2 That corpse debate in Committee senmed at one moment likely to terminate in the production of at least onealdermanic corpse. Wbenamuoicipal father threatens to stuff a roll of paper down some other father's throat and waltzes round the table to carry tbis gentle method of persuasion into effect, things begin to look rather threatening. Fortunately tbe belligerent one was stopped. "Eh, who was it?" Of course nobody knows; the Council were in Committee ! A VERITABLE farrago of nonsence appears J\\. on the Rookwood Council's business paper (published in another-column) under the heading of motions.'"' and which has been placed there by tbe Ishmae! of the Council. The four first Bo-called "motions" by Alderman GROVES are simply statements of faots or alleged facta; neither motion contains the ghost of ' a proposition. The next two ** motions " are getnB. In number six (on the buBineBS paper) Jshmael makes two or three raodom assertions, and then concludes by politely sajing, I beg to ask for an explanation thereof.'' (That is precisely what tbe Mayor and DEBCBGB HOCTEE would like —some explanation thereof.) The immaoulate one's last reiolution is, " What deduction ' is to be made in tbe price of the bridge UB a constquence of above P" Why doeB not Alderman GBOVES give one of Mr. PEEK'S third-class boys a penny to draft his motions P That cheap and simple process would save him from exposing himself to a good deal .of ridicnle, and that too, deserved ridicule. Discussion upon these eo-oalled "motions" would simply turn the proceedings into a laughing stock. 