TELEPATHY AND 'REAL GHOST STORIES.' ' Stiu- to star vibrates light ; may soul to soul Strike through a finer encment of her own ?' Telepathy is defined to be ' thought transference without the use of. the organs of sense.' A simple definition n.nd clear. One also that most of us can (it in with personal experience. For few people, at one time or another, have not experienced a restless con sciousness that someone waa looking at them, and turned round to find that a friend was trying to catch their eye, as the expression is. This is a very simple case of telepathy. Just as the rubbing of a stick of sealing-wax or the friction of an amber pipe stem and the attraction by them of a frag ment of paper or straw is an example of the action of electricity . How much else it is claimed to be and may be — for it must be remembered that the telegraph the telephone and phonograph were all more or less latent in what our ancestors looked upon as the kite flying folly of Benjamin Franklin — will perhaps most easily bj shown by a glance through Mr. Stead's Christmas book, entitled ' Real -Jhost Stories.' We know that Pagan mythology peopled every hill and river and wood land with millions of spiritual crea tures — the Oread, the Naiad and the the Dr3rap, the great god Han and the yellow-skirted Fays haunted spring and dale. But with the Spread of more accurate knowledge of natural causes they have fled, and though they may still linger in the byways of popular superstition the scientific investigator laughs them to scorn, andour poets laments because Our hills and seas and streams Dispeopled of their dreams, Their waters turned to blood, their dew to tears, Wail for the golden years. But there is one class of ultra natural appearances that have resisted even science ; ghosts or hallucinations, which have been seen in all ages and among every people, still apparently claim their ancient rights of revisiting the glimpses of the moon, and the sheeted dead still occasionally squeak and jibber in our streets. Modern science cannot exorcise the ghost, so it seeks to explain him. Indeed he himself, Mr. Stead implies, insists that he shall be no longer ignored as a phenomenon of nature. But he is ad mittedly difficult to deal with. His comings and goings intermittent and fitful ; his substance is too shadow}' to be handled, and he has avoided, hitherto, the inquisitiveness of the miscroscope. Still it must not be for gotten that there are more things in earth and heaven than everyday philosophy dreams of. All the great forces of nature have manifestations that pass unheeded by the senses. The chief forces affect the senses have all a 'threshold value,' as phy siologists call it. There are heat vibra tions and light vibrations and sound vibrations that the unassisted senses take no account of. There are sound waves whose vibrations are too slow to be heard by us, and there are sound waves too rapid to make a sensible impression on the ear. So of light ; there are invisible waves at .each end of the spectrum. The time, of course, may come when our senses shall have developed sufficiently to perceive these, but at present they cannot. Now, there can be no dispute about the fact that hallucinations occur. They are facts, quite as solid facts as the rising of the sun or the door thrt we run our head against in the dark. And ac cording to the first great law of nature they must have a cause. We have no single objection, therefore, to make against the proposed ' Census of Hal lucinations.' As Mr. Stead truly says, the question of apparitions is a question of evidence, and our first duty is to collect the evidence. A hallucina tion, it is pointed out, is not neces sarily a mere creation of the fancy. It is defined to ' a shape which is not what it seems to be, namely, a human being in flesh and blood, and which so far lacks reality, but it may, neverthe less, have a very true and definite meaning and message of its own, ,or may, on the other hand, be a mere indication of some disorder of the sense organs or of the brain,' At present it is said that something over 11 per cent, of those examined by the Psychical Research Society have 'seen or heard what is not explicable by any known laws ; ' ' these inexplicable sights and sounds are hallucinations. Having accepted their existence, the next ques tion is to account for it. Are they projected from within us, or are they objective appearances ? Are they psychical or physical or super-physical ? The most favoured explanation now is that they are within us. That they are to all intents and purposes purely subjective, being even less material than the sightless couriers of the air upon which the light and heat of the sun travel to this dim spot that men call earth. A good many people, how ever, especially those who describe themselves as Theosophists and Spiri tualists, claim that they are much more. Telepathists, whether spiritualises or not, maintain that mankind is pos sessed of a dual soul or consciousness. They hold that besides the mind'and body, meaning by mind the conscious personality, there is also within our material frame a soul or unconscious personality the true nature of which is at present enveloped in mystery. Now, this conception of a dual or even multiple personality helps to explain, hypothetically, some of the most curious phenomena of hallucination. It is as though our body was lit by two souls —the greater to rule the day, the lesser to rule the night. This last, unconscious while we are awake, alert and about, becomes half conscious when we sleep, and can be developed with complete consciousness when the other personality is thrown into a state of hypnotic trance. Our dual natures dwell together, perhaps, someone has said, like married folk, ' according to the old ideal when the man is every thing and the woman is almost entirely suppressed.' Or, perhaps, better like tlie householder* of the Little weatliei1 gauge of our nursery days, Hie tiny cottage with a double doorway ; when it was fine the little man took his walks abroad, when it was threatening rain he retired within, and his small wife appeared out of doors with her umbrella. , : This conception of double conscious ness has been a subject of study chiefly to the - Frenoh and German hypnotists. It has also been made use of by the English Society for Psychical Research in the empirical explanation of that large group of debatable phenomena designated as musmeric, psychical and spiritualistic. This society is a scientific association, formed for the purpose, if possible, of solving the questions, What is our Ego ? Wherein does personal identity consist ? How can one prove that ' I ami'? Is it possible that we are not one-souled, but two? Mr. Myers, a prominent member of the sooiety and one of the best-known English writers on the subject, is very temperate in his conclusions. ' I consider,' he says. ' that dreams, with natural somnam bulism, automatic writing, with so called mediumistic trances, as well as certain intoxications, epilepsies, hy sterias and recurrent insanities, afford examples of the development of what I have called secondary mnemonic chains — fresh personalities, more or less complete, alongside the normal state. And I would add that hypno tism is only the name given to a group of empirical method of inducing these fresh personalities. That there may be wholly distinct characters latent in the same person, is abundantly shown by the fact that most men when drunk are quite different from what they are when sober. The two characters are often absolutely opposed. Nor let this illus tration be despised. Drunkenness is a purely physical effect, due to a definite cause, yet it produces utterly diverse emotions in two different minds, though always similarly affecting the same mind. This idea of a subcon scious personality is more definitely bodied forth in the conception of a Thought Body or Double — what is known to Esoteric Buddhists as the Astral Body, or one of them. There arc well established cases in which, what we may agree to call the ' sub conscious mind' has superseded the conscious, as will be abundantly evi dent from the curious cases collected in Part I of Mr. Stead's book. This and the first two chapters in Part II are, in our opinion, the only portions of the work of especial interest or value. The other stories differ little from the ordinary ones told from time im memorial of the raw ghost of commerce; save that it being the object of the editor to eliminate all ornament, most of them are somewhat boldly told and so far additionally uninteresting. It would be impossible wholly to accept all the supposed manifestations of the double. Some of the statements of Mrs. Besant and her friends would have made the witoh of Endor gasp and stare. But it would be ridiculous to deny that many of the recorded facts are consonant with the hypothesis, and as far as we know with no other. As for the rest of the book we can not imagine that ' Real Ghost Stories' will add a jot to the credibility of ghosts in the strict sense of the term. The tales are mostly worthy only of the ear and eye of childhood that fears the painted devil. The theory of dual consciousness will indeed explain the existence or appearance of doubles of the living. And some Telepathists have suggested that in most cases where we have well-authenticated evidence of the appearence of appari tions, is is probably the Double of the dying and not the ghost of the dead that is manifested to the living. Such hold with the Persian — Strange is it not, that of myriads who Before us passed the door of Darkness through. No one returns to tell us of the road, That to discover we must travel too.' But no one pretends that Telepathy will explain all the stories that have beer handed down to us. For instance, we have a record of an American case in which a sister appeared to her brother nine years after death with a scratch on her cheek as red as if it had been made the day before. He recog nised bis sister, but could not under stand the scratch. On telling his mother, however, of the appearence she informed him that the disfigure ment had been caused by the needle used in sewing the corpse's shroud nine years before, but she had never men tioned it to anyone. As Mr. Stead can didly admits probably any explanation of subjective hallucination, or of down right lying, would be preferred by the majority of people, to the acceptance of the simple accuracy of this state ment and some others, which are probably worth about as much as the confessions of the old-time witches, who swore that they were dancing with Satan, while their husbands held their material bodies clasped in their arms. Telepathy, as we understand and accept it, affords no satisfactory ex planation of post mortem appearances, or of premonitions, or even of clair voyance. Almost everyone has had an experience of this last strange sensation at some time in a degree more or less intense and vivid. How many of us have felt convinced, on coming to some new place or hi the presence of some new scene, that we have somewhere seen it all before, or some trivial conversation seems the echo of a previous experience. There are perhaps half a dozen hypothetical explanations of this. Is it the revival of a forgotten impression ? Is it a shadow of a pre-existent state ? Is it a phenomenon explicable by the postu lated existence of the Double ? Is it a proof of an undeveloped but develop ing power, which will enable the finite mind of man to gaze into the secular to-be ? We find no certain answer. Of the greater part of Mr. Stead's book, of all indeed except the first three chapters, we cannot speak very enthusiastically.- We have not the Muulleiit objeotion to bis making money out of a sensational and second-rate Christmas number. Mr. Stead is indeed a sort of Mr. Crawly, or, perhaps, better, a British Mrs. Cato, who, although he has done some good work and has proved himself com mercially a most successful journalist, is to many little better than one of the profane. His chapter on 'Myself and My Premonitions' is not of the most vivid interest, and to us indeed only recalls recollections of an old woman conjuring with the dregs of her teacup. But we have a much more serious objection to bring forward to the latter parts of his publication than smug egotism and mere absence of interest. That Mr. Stead should dot his ' I's' with a somewhat ostentatious flourish of trumpets does no one any special harm. That he should even share the not uncommon belief of complacent self-conceit that he is one of Fortune's special pets is not indictable. The majority of men must doubtless eon tinue to receive Mistress Fortune's buffets and her favours with equal thanks, while Mr. Stead remains the little button on top of the Great Pan jandrum. ' No person,' he says, 'can have three or four premon itions such as those which I have des cribed (in his own case) without feel ing that such premonitions are the only certainties of the future. They will be fulfilled, no matter how incred ible they appear, and amid the endless shifting circumstances of our life these fixed points, towards which we are in evitably tending, help to give stead iness to a career and a feeling of security to which the majority of men are strangers.' Such convictions we can look on with the tolerant, if slightly contemptuons pity for vulgar errors that we could feel on seeing a house maid greet a stranger in her tea cup. But when Mr. Stead attempts to jus tify his compilation by such suggestion as the following, ' The greatest gain however, that is likely to accrue from the study of the phenomena to which this volume is devoted, will arise from the deepened certainty which it gives as to the permanence of the individual after death ; and, again, ' It is possible that this bringing of life and immortality to light, or at least the establishment of a future life upon impregnable scien tific foundations, may seem to some by no means an unmixed blessing ; ' we feel bound to protest with em phasis. No mood could be more op posed to scientific investigations, than the state of mind prompted by such an anticipation. The single fact that a considerable number of the most striking gost stories here recorded are described as having made a 'deep re ligious impression,' or as being in strumental in reclaiming the lapsed and sceptics to religion or a belief in immortality in our opinion renders themquite valueless and untrustworthy. Can Mr. Stead seriously mean that any evidence such as he has collected here would bring us one barleycorn nearer to a solution of the problem of the great Unknown, ' the something after death ' ? We trust not, The gullibility of the British public has survived many shocks. It is a monster that doth make the meat it feeds on, a moon calf with a Gargan tuan mouth and the hungriest and healthiest appetite for marvels. It will be doubtless gorge this collection with avidity. What through more careful subsequent investigation shall compel it to disgorge the greater part ! That it will do any material mischief we do not suppose, but to regard the greater portion of it more seriously than we would a clever and probably remunerative advertisement we cannot pretend. 