Richmond. The grass in the Park is very high just now, and should be mown down, as, be sides being inflammable when dry, it is a harbour for all kinds of vermin. A snake was killed pn it the other day. Why not put a good number of sheep on it. They would keep it down. Old Belmont House for a long time was sup posed to be haunted, and rapping and weird sounds used to be heard at night. In pulling down the old buildiug the other day the workmen found the skeleton of an o'possum hanging by its tail to a beam in the roof, and this on windy days was blown to and fro, knocking against the wood work, and thus causing the sounds put down to ghost-rappings. Noctural ramblers used also to say that a strange light used to flicker on the roof at unearthly hours, but this matter has not been satisfactorily accounted for, so far. The net proceeds of the " Barbara" concert in aid of the School of Arts were £7. Owing to the GAZETTE'S account of the enjoy able trip to Mount Tomah, others have been attracted to this delightful spot, and the outcome is that two picnic-parties will journey there shortly. Harvesting is taking place on the College-farm, and a splendid crop of wheat, free from rust, is being gathered in. The new reaper and binder has been satisfactorily brought into requisition. A. steam threshing-machine arrived for the Col lege-farm last Wednesday morning. Mr. P Charley is expected to arrive home from the old country on December 12. Mr. j Graves, draper, once of Richmond, and lately of Windsor, has purchased a business at Cobargo. He was in town on Sunday and Mon day last. Mr. Graves is to become a benedict before his departure for Cobargo, and will wed a Richmond young lady. When will that absurd law, prohibiting any one from trotting past a Church during the hours of service, be expunged from the Borough Coun cils By-laws ? It is a relic of olden times. In a civilised country such an arbitrary law should not be tolerated. The thing is ridiculous in a small country town, where the traffic on a Sunday is really nothing. An offender in one of the by-law cases, charged with driving past the Church of England at a pace faster than a walk during the hours of Divine Service, was driving a parson home after church was over, and got into trouble fer " parson" a church too quickly. Considerable interest was evinced in the child chaining case, the Court being crowded. The chain was not such a formidable object as one would be led to think by the talk about it-not being much thicker than in ordinary steel Albert watch-chain. The first-year diploma students «it the College paid a visit to Dr. Fiaschi's Tizzana Vineyard, Sackville, with the Principal, and witnessed the process ol wine-making and inspected the vineyard. The Mii^cal Society has got into harness once again, and will assist for the first time this sea son at the Moonlight Concert on Tuesday even ing nert. Some of the members also assist at the Covent Concert. N*w they have made a start, let us hope they will continue for some time. The Good Templar Lodge is progressing splen didly, and although it has only been in existence a short time, SO members has been enrolled. Meet ings take place ever/ Thursday night. Mr. E. A. Larkin, manager for Messrs Lasseter & Co., was in town on Saturday last with a cricket team representing his firm. He stayed over Sun day, and was driven out to Belmont ion that day and shown round the town and district. Mr. Riley, Public Revenue Inspector, was also in town troui last Friday for a few days, inspecting the accounts at the Government offices. A terrific hailstorm passed over the town about 12 30 last Monday. It was only of short duration, ! but being backed up by a gale of wind, the storm was very violent whilst it lasted. 8trange to say it did not pass over the river. Some of the hail | stones were of large size. j As the result of a difference between a Govern- '< ment officer and a leading townsman, a law-suit is on the tapis. Mr. J Ezzv, of North Richmond, has made good progress with his apricots this year, as up to this date he has sent 67 cases to market. j The usual weekly meeting of the Lighthouse J Lodge, I.O G.T., was held on Thursday evening. Three new members were initiated. After the usual business, the members and friends broke up to discuss the merits of the " Pounds" brought (it being Pound-night), followed by parlor games, j A very enjoyabls time was spent by those present. At Richmond Police Court on Wednesday last Mr. Becke, P.M., severely commented on the prevalence of perjury in this Court, and stated hi6 intention of dealing severely with the first often Jer in this respect. 