J t e m s of Jntiiest I 1 ONB of the many uses to which paper is 1 >w put that of making gas pipes. | Manilla paper is cub in 6t-rips equalling in width the length .of the pipe to be made. These are passed through a vessel filled with melted asphalte, and then, wrapped firmly and uniformly round an iron core, until the required thickness is attained. The pipe is then subjected to powerful pressure, after which the outside is strewn oyer with sand and the whole copied in water. The core is then removed, and the outside of the pipe coated with a.waterproof composition. These pipes are claimed to be perfectly gastight, and are said to be much' cheaper than iron pipes. Some German scientists have recently furnished information in regard to the ages of trees. They assign to the pine tree 500 to 700 years as the maximum, 425 years to the dilver fir,.275 years to the larch, 245 years to the red beech, 210 to the aspen, 200 tp the birch, 170 to tho ash, and 145 to the alder, and 130 to tho cltn. The heart of the oak begins to rot at about the age of about 300 years. The bolly oak alone escapes this law, it is said, and there is in existence near Aschaffenburg, in Germany, 3 tree of this kind which has attained the ageof 410 years. There Is.,a canrch in tbe town of Bergen, Norway, that is built entirely of paper. It can seat 1,000 persons in comfort, and has been rendered waterproof by a solution-of quicklime, curdled milk, arid white of egg. Careful scientific investigation sshow that the average speed of the transmission of earthquake shocks is. nearly 16,000 feefc per second. The following warning tp suicides is exhibited in the province of Montenegro:—"All persons who take their liyes are. to . be declared dishonourable." Thbir corpses are to be strung to gallows, in view of the public, for twenty-four hours. Suicide is unworthy of a Montenegrin. God alonfe has power over a man's life, which dare be sacrificed only on the battlefield, in defence of his country." < The Chinese iiave an elaborate system for the interpretation of dreams. To be whipped by a god or devil they, regard as extremely unlucky, while to (enter.a .temple and see the gods moving about is considered .lucky. To dream of fighting with wandering ghosts means that one will live to an old age. Salvation Army's expressiye description of a week's work at Leeds :—".Indescribable times ; united , consecration ; six souls. Victory 1" ' \- - • when basking, place' oue of their number on guard to give fche alkrm in case of danger. The signal is a quick clap of tbe flippers on a rock. WUd rabbits signal ith their forccaws, and have regular signals nd calls: . . An artesian well was some years ago sunk n the beach at San Buenaventura, Caliornia, five feet from high-water mark. At depth of about. one hundred and fortyhree feet a strong flow of water was btained, spouting ; thirty feefc above the round. Some fish were observed in the astg water, and an examination of the well evealed the fact that it was filled .with oung trout. TheytWere perfectly developed, yes and all, and jpaeasured.about two inches n length! Thousands of them were thrown ut by each jet. The • jbenjperature.^pf the'! el! water is about 'sixty-four ^degre^s ahrenheit. It is believed%hafc tlhel&li; ave come from tfie head-waters ^fthe'Santa lara River by some subterranean outlet - ; hat stream itself; is several < \- miles. distan rom the well. ' ' • . In Turkey, twenty years ago, uien were anged, for trifles; tradesmen who' sold short weight might be nailed by the: ear to their wn doorposts ; and petty thieves, well as en who were impprtine^t to officials or who efused to pay their taxps twice over, were, bastinadoed on the soles of the feet!. This last punishment, by tbe way, was light or ruel," according 'as the patient wasaccus tomed to go barefoot or to'spend his life in barouches. The -water-carriers, porter treet fruit-sellers, and peasants generally, whose soles were;like^a horn, cared little for twenty-five cuts with a bamboo; but to tradesmen, - clerks, and women the stripes were excruciatingly painful, and brought weeks of lameness.. Tlie present Sultan has abolished the bastinado in the European part of his dominions, and practically done away with capital, punishm'entj'exceptfor brigandage and for attempts at assassinating high officials. ' While Indian tea decreased in public use by about 3,000,0001b. in l891, the consump tion of CeylPn tea has increased by no less thau 16,700,0001b., or 48 per cent. In England aud Wales 3,979 miles, of railway put of 9,044 miles of double lines are worked on the block system. In Scotland practically the whole of the mileage, worked on that system., / In France last year there were killed 404 wolves, of which 194 were full-grown animals and 253 cubs. ; The amount paid for their destruction was £1^313, at t^he rate of £4 for afull-p-rown animal and £1 12s: for a cub. • A parasol, intended as a presept for fche Sultan of Morocco, has a stick which is over 3£ yards long, and is gilded and richly ornamented. The outside of the parasol is of bright green silk, with a heavy gold fring.e round it, while the inside is lined with pale straw colour. There is a curious -snake (Hydraci yefci) in South Africa thab lives wholly upon birds' eggs. Ifc has no teeth or signs of fceeth in fche mouth,' the whole dental array being located in the stomach. JPwnajiasserts that one of the many "lady litigants" at the Law Courts was formerly a waitress at a late coffee-house, where she devoted her nights to serving cups of coffee and her days fco serving writs. The silver wedding of Grieg, the composer, was celebrated: recently at bis home near Bergen, Norway. After dinner Grieg played his famous " Wadding Procession, and Mrs. Grieg sang some of her husband's ibngs. In Russia bladK is never used for covering coffins, the cloth'beirig a pink shade when fche deceased is .a child or young person, a crimson colour for women, and brown for widows. The American President, whose salaryhas been the subject of many comparisons, receives ifc in monthly instalments. On the 26th day of every month the Treasurer the United States sends to the White House a cheque for 4,166 dollars. M. Jules Leljjindy, the great Paris sugar refiner, has left what is perhaps the largest individual fortune ever made in France. His wealth is estimated at 360,000,000 francs (£14,400,000). How much of that enormous sum was extracted from the French tax payer in the form of sugar bounties it would be difficult; to say. Signor Carlo Rota, the well-known Italian patriot, has died at San Pier d'Arena, near Genoa. Signor Rota took- a prominent partin the unsuccessful expedition against Sapri, in Calabria, which was organised iri 1857 by Baron Nicotera and Count Pisaccane in the iope of overthrowing the Bourbon Govern uent established at Naples. Baron Nicotera. she Minister of the Interior in the las Govern ment, was present at the patriot's .bedside. Some ingenious contrivances are used by thieves. The latest looks like an ordinary walking-stick, but is so arranged that, by pressing a spring at the handle, the ferrule will spread apart and form a sort of spring clip that will take hold of anything that is within ^ reach. The The thing thing is called " the Continental liftingsfcick,"and is U6ed to take goods from behind counters wben the shopman's back i6 turned. As most people are aware, the barometer exhibits daily variations. In the tropics these are so regular that, the hour of the day may be ascertained from the height of the mercury without an error of more than fifteen or seventeen minutes on the average. In Great Britain there are two maxima, occurring from 9 fco11 a.m. and from 9 to 11 p.m., the two minima being timed from ~ to 5 a.m. and from 3 .to 5 p.m. But, after, examining a series of observations in the Polar regions, Dr. Buchan finds that in the extreme north and south there are only one maximuih ahd one minimum during the day. These data refer to the sea. But in the interior of the Polar continents'there are also a single maximum and minimum, though these occur at different times of. the day from the ocean maximum and minimum. Superposition qf the two sets of variations gives a variation like that ordinarily observed. A poor Quebec blacksmith declares he has disebvered the " long-lost art of hardeaing. copper." A GLACIER THAT MOVES 47FEETA YEA: glacier has been- found in Soufchi California, of which there has been a tr< tion for^ many years. The Los . Angel Heraldfisent an ; expedition to inyesti^ and the tradition was verified, for. upon upper levels of Grayback Mountain, the greatest of the San Bernardino <range, |a glacier one mile long and on the average 200 feet in depth was found. The icy mass, according to computations made, mores T downward at the rate of 47 feet a year. The British Museum T possesses a cup of almost fabulous value.' It is of gold and enamel, is adorned with subjects from the life of St. Agnes, "and*cost £8,000: The cap derives most of its interest and value from the fact that ifc was given to Charles VI. of France in 1391, by his uncle, Jean. ^Duke of Berri. The cup passed afterwards .into the possession «of the Kings of England, from Henry VL to James II., who gave it, iri 1605, to Don Juan Selasco, Constable of Castile. All hopes of recovering Mr. VanderbUt's yacht, which, it will be recollected, was recently sunk, are being'giveu up. The yacht is sinking deeper every day; in the hiffcing sands upon.which she lies. The new dining-room which the Queen has had ''built at Osborne cost £20il800." This sum does not come from the nation but out pf Her Majesty's privy purse. Prince Alexander of Teck is following in the footsteps of his elder brothers, Princes Adolphiis and Francis, arid qualifying to enter the British Army. The princes are three'of the ' cheeriest young fellows one could possibly wish to meet, beirtg fine, manly, and true types of Englishmen. One of the most curious stones in the World is found in Finland, where it occurs in many places. It .is a natural baromefcer,erid actu ally foretells probable changes in -. the weat her. It is called semakuir, and turns Jjlack.shortly before an.:'approachingyrain, while in fine weather it is mottled with gpots'of white. . ' ; % It is said that gas-light w&s; first exhibited as- a curiosity at the Boyleton Museum, Boston, in 1815. ,i Ih l915 there were 180 lamps t in the town, and in-1880 it had 10,139 gas and 2,276 oil lamps. " Electric lighting: is. S uow taking the place of gas in many locali tigs in the city. ,Boston is now lighted by; 1,447 electric lights, 8,907 gas, and 2,878 of Bther descriptions. f Brigandage is cruelly carried out in the Turkish province of Epirus. A Christian family had been carried off, and,-not being able to raise the £500 {Turkish) demanded as their ransom, the < family have beeh massacred. There is in St. Mark's a celebrated tazza of black glass; enamelled in : various colours and gold. No one quite knows its age. It is said to be more' than eight hundred years old ; and it is assumed that, this very piece of glass was taken by; the Limoges maker* as their model' for decoration."/ From a strict inquiry into the history of art we may learn that the figure painters are hardly ever able to attempt landscape painting, and-thafc, with one or two .exceptions, the great landscape painters have always beeu able to paint-figures extremely well.—Speaker. Scientists have estimated that every year a layer equal to fourteen feet of the entire surface of all oceans and other'waters is taken up with fche atmosphere in $he shape of vapour, to fall as rain and again flow back into the sea. ' The Empress of Austria is -the owner of the handsomest black pearls that exist. She used formerly fco exhibit them in ber hair on all State occasions. ' Queen Victoria has necklace of pink pearls, which are considered the most beautiful of their kind. Baroness Gustave de.Rothschild's collar of pearls, worn by her at the opera, is valued at £40,000. Tbe most beautiful pearl is; generally supposed fcobe the one which the French traveller, At-. Tovernier, three! centuries ago sold to the Shah of Persia, and which is still in the possession of tbe rulers of Persia. The price was 3,375,000fr.. Another Eastern potentate possesses a pearl of 1,274 carats ; it is quite transparent, and is valued at l,000,000fr. A fine Oriental pearl is the one in the possession ; of the Princess Inssupoff, and which is famous for its unique colour. In the year 1620 this pearl was sold bv'Georgibus from Calais to Philip IV, of Spain for 80,000 ducats ; its value is now considered l,125,000fr. Pope Leo XIIL has .a pearl which is valued at 500,000fr. ; and the Empress Frederick's cottier of thirty-two pearls is valued at 875,000fr. THE VALUE OF TEA.—The Vice-President of the Paris Society of Pharmacy, M. Burker, has given the members the result of some recent analyses of tea. He considers it established that the commercial A'alue of black tea is directly proportioned to the amount of theine it contains; but in the "case of green tea, he says the commercial value must be estimated by the quantity of of tannin. . One would have thought that, from the point of view of the connoisseur of tea, those - samples which contain the least proportion of tannin would be preferred.— English Mechanic. The Duke of Portland, havingadded 20,000 acres to bis shooting preserves, has now 125 square miles of land reserved'for sport. There is this difference, at least, between a politician and a statesman. "A statesman " is the Parliamentary candidate who gets to the head of the poll and has the proud honour of shaking hands with " Mr. Speaker." " A politician " is his defeated opponent. A man who hires another at 20s. a week to de work which brings in only 21s. a week is a philanthropist. But if he hires 2,000 men at the same rate he has an income of £80 a week and becomes " a tyrannical monopolist." This is the differentiation between labour and capital. An engine-driver ssy^ int men in hi business can always j 1. 'i the conditioji of their engines by 111_ it. gives out while running. Every si:iiie, whether stationary or locomotive, has a particular tone of its own. The engineer becomes accustomed to that,.and any departure from it at once excit£§ a suspicion tliat all not right:* The engineer may^oljknow the matter, he: may l^ave npjear foriijiic, but the change in tone of ms machine mil be instantly perceptible. andjwiU stert him on an immediate investigation. J\ Much of the fancifujly-cut .pai confectioners in this *»nntryff a prison near Berlib.^ ! ~ a i The largest artificial stone in .tbe world! forms the base of th& ;; Barbholdi Statue of Liberty on Bedloe'e Island, ^New York Harbour. This immense stone was made from broken trap rock, sand, and American cement. Five hundreds car-loaids: of Band and over 20,000 barrels of cement were. UBed in manufaefcuring the mphster. Amongst tbe members of -the presehb House of Commons ere 55 merchants, 37 manufacturers, 18 brewers and distillers; itt medical men,- and 53 Army and Naval officers. Those who cSn be ; rightly termed land owners number about SO. : ; '•-,.-. ., • • A Cincinnati man rer 530 lemons m t^p monfliB to t.^ure rheumatism. Heis^nowina precariousc0|i* dition. ;... -c^.'.'j•'•-•• Quite a cwize—arid a very int»reBfcinp one : —has comeoverthe FrenchgardWnertt They ;ave suddenly begun . to bend all thoir energies to the creation of new flowcirS'and the acclimatisation rpf .«uph > as Jia*<Bi/i»By»r before been JEEyc^S^x^ the latter 'is a--fipWer Jrom GeritraV Ajperiea (as yet unaniedin France) wlli£h <&Euo;£e$,ita colo'urthrt^times^jliay. - morning, gets pinlc; 'at boon', and turna a - lovely blue when tbe sun is setting^. ; . 