i COLL.mUl) A Hi CASTLE, VMs :i <|iiestioimblo 'comfort to be n \J bnclicior. I had never felt mo: i: -nnvinced of Mint fact tliun I did ou'nne iKivticulnr day in December. The pun— which I find often affects our mooda tcriously by tho way he looks down upon us —was in a coquettish mood, and coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. Tho Indies wore out in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that seldom fails —not figuiativoly speaking, permit rao to remark, for I am no judge of o:lier men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably believe tlie verdict of nation, "whuro the sky that had been obscured with clouds was hung with a hundred rainbows, and life was one perpetual summer of bliss after tho bright particular 'she' appeared on the hrrizbn of his life." Literally, I remarked,' however, that the umuual number of tho female persuasion in the streets of our famous town portended a iLoini, uiid so my prophecy proved true ; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, just us I imagine society belle.-" must appear itftii , a brilliant ball, where they have ifijimiutercd three days' supplies of smiles ami liliuidtshuicnte on one evening. Per haps the atino.-phera warmed ujp enough people to warrant the outlay, but sulky thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, jiint the same. Questionable, I romarked.is the comfort of v bachelor. It is very fluttering to bo pointed out as some spocial genus of a nice, in an exclusive way, shining with an unhorrowed lustro, nf>, "Hint tall gentleman we just paseed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor." I folfc a now accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful, us if I dad been ijuoted as 'a " bachelor of arts," or as a professor of science. No second fiddle dubbing, us Mrs. Jonas Brown's husband, but simply a respectablo single idoutity. No wonder I could assume a patronising and complacent look as I passed on. Another group camo down the avenue. One of tho young ladies I recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. The air was clear, and after I had bowed and walked slowly on, these words saluted my ear,— " 0 Alny ! You should set your cap for Mr. Scribbler!" "May and December ! That would be like the story I read lately," was the reply in silvery tones', that sounded very pleasant, and sent a flutter through even my old veins as I listened, hoping to hear more pleasantries at my expense of as encouraging v character, especially as I had noted that the face and sunny manner of the person addressed was like one I could wish to possess as a— daughter. But tho next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. " You know he might not live loni;, and then you would be a rich, jolly widow, with plenty of admirers, and—" Altxercre I I thought my plodding neigh bour across the street, who was only Mrs. Blank's husband, could be hardly the victim of such n dark conspiracy. In this mood of sudden humility I encountered an old friend, heavily ladeu with who wus not only somebody's hiubnnd, but an old-time rival. My greeting partook of the nature of con gratulation, and was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an invitation to call at my bachelor quarters, he assured mo —making a sudden dive toward a dry goods store—that if he got his errands done in time he would como. Errands ? Bless my soul I Where is the burdened benedict going to stow away the rest of his "ornmds "—and what made him look as if haunted by some irate fury as ho edged oir hurriedly to buy calico, thread, a paper of pins, perhaps, or a yard of ribbon, or some other feiuinino possessions that old bachelors ate not supposed to realise the need of? On my homeward journey, thinking und moralising on the two opposite states of masculine existence, I found illustrations, every few paces, in the jingling of Bleigh bells, that announced some passing young couples looking comfortable and—jolly, I should have once said, but that term hud been turned into a grim joke so recently that it sent a shiver through me—elderly couples tucked up snugly, find talking com foitably, or jogging on in melancholy silence. So contradictory are all general applications to social istates that I gave it up as too far beyond mc to solve the problem "To bo or not to be." The whittle of tho curly evening train blew, and I concluded my friend htul been so lon<r delayed willi matching that particular shade of ribbon, or finding tlmt identical pattern of slippers, that ho Imd no time to drop in to comuiiseiato an old bachelor in his lonely lot. Hβ was a sort of rival year* jfi^.. y 0 one could condemn ' rt 8 ,, nt ??! ",! C " l |_ 1 "- 1 " cut out," to use n 'V.".'.Yi!tL'.' '|>nrase. But time heals many a jimnt, and one turn* bad:, when one is. old, uiiciiininoiily kindly to the friends of youth. Asl said, tho night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewhat dis mally on a state that I felt in duty bound to defend, in public. I, moreover-- thinking Ll.e lowering night would exempt mo from in trillion — wusenguged in tho very womanish task of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my learning tlmt accomplishment, lest I should need to know how : I wish .she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing thin when I was 10 yen* younger, but now my lingers hud grown clumsy, and the needle would ho into tho wrong place—as often into my lingers as into t.he edge of the chasm I wua trying to bridge over with yarn. It i.i astonishing how a person who has kept ii strict guard over his tongue will suddenly remember all the ".swearwords" he ever knew upon such n provocation. I had just, come to tho last fissure in those liosou when I saw my friend's figure pass the window. I heard his stop ub the door, and hastily thrusting tho darning-needle into tho nearly spent ball, threw them into a cushioned wooden rocker, and carelessly spread a clean red handkerchief over all, as I felt rather ashamed to be found mending .-toeldngs by this man of all others, who hnd a wifo to.keop him neat. This thought put mc on tho defensive at unco, for I said to myself: "' Ye are spies I To sco the nakedness of the land are yo come.' Without compromising truth, I shall externally prove tho tiutH|uil joy of tho celibate." My friend .Jo.?hua looked tired and ill at. en.se,.ittitl after looking into tlio dark corners somewhat apprehensively, drew up n splint bottomed clmir to the liioplaco, and soon t;ie\v sociable under the cheeiini; intliioiico of tlie ruddy blaze, boforo which the niul irons posed, like sentinels, black mid tci'iui, evidently staring at tho intruder. After we had talked n whiio on ninny topics his face grow lonj; and Koloinn, and drawing his hand slowly over his half-gray whiskers, ho remarked : " This must be a misrhty hard life for you to lead, Kube, hero all nlonc ; I pity you from the bottom of my heart, I do ! Don't you jjet lonely ? " " Occasionally," 1 replied. " When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut wood on the fire, and the sputtering and snapping that breaks the silenco peumn to lill tho room with the ghosts of tt (juilting beo or a sewing society." Joshua turned up his eyes rather bus ?piciously, looking for some sicne of irony in my face, and continued patronisinirly: — " Now if you had a wife, Rubo, she would liavo poliehed these andirons so you could sco your face in 'em." "I have a good looking- glass," I eaid, " and beside, I nover flattered myself on being worth looking at." "There's a woman over in our neighbour hood that would make you a cAnital' wife," lie remarked. "She is good lookiiii;, en'art Kβ n ttteel tmp, and cl?Vvi' beside* X'u> interested in you, really, and would liko to see you comfortably settled in your declining years. Suppose you come over to our place, some time, and get acquainted ?" "I am net cure I need a wife," I said reluctantly, not being willing to confess that his last words hod fallen like oil on troubled seae. "I am well enough as I am." My apparent reluctance to accept his ser vicos as match-makor aroused in him the. slumbering fire of oratory; long eubdued— rumour had whispered—by the sharp and overwhelming logic of his bolter half, Belinda. " Think what it would be," Raid he, "to have some ono to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in the village choir when I was young), to soothe your cares with loving words and gentle smiles; to bestow titles of tendereet endear ment upon you ; to be a ministering angel in sickness ; soino kindrod soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken sublimest harmony.in your soul; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your washing and mending beside; to look after tho fowls, and— ? —" But whatever else Joshua might have said was lost to mc then. He had, as it were, taken mo by slow etagee to tho meeting houso steeple, and then dropped mc from thenco, in a twinkling, into a wash-tub and a poultry-yard and kettles and frying pans. Of course tho shock and the fall was too much for one of my sensitive temperament, and it took time to recovor from my dazed condition. Thnt was the way his eloquence always ended at tho debating society when ho was young. He would soar, and soar, nnd soar, till he reached the " top of father's wood pile." I f<aw he was making one more frantic effort, encouraged by my weak silonco, to convert mc to his matiimonial creed. I knew it would be perilous to his purpose to inter rupt tho current of his ideas, and still listened in silence, wondering, a little ?cepticnlly, why he looked so careworn nnd ill at ease, in such a felicitous state of exist ence. " And—and whenever you have roamed afar from the bosom of your family, and are weary and worn witli fatigue, to be wel comed home again with caressing words and a loving embrace. He mopped the perspiration from his brow, and dropped from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair.towards which he had been gyrating in his excitement. Ho dropped into tho chair with the air of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence, and leaned heavily back, while I romuiked that " I was glad to hear that lie and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happily together." Whatever else 1 would have said was cut short by his suddenly strango conduct as he sprang up from the chair and executed a dance that was something between a waltz and ii breakdown, and not exactly either. " Why theje antics, my friend';" I asked innocently, rofiuining from gazing except on his face, which wan contorted and twisted with v succession of grimaces marvellous to behold. "It is indeed a fitting illustration of your felicity when you are impelled to lenp for joy." "Hangit all," he said, "Can't you see what a fix lamin ?" And he reached his hand around to his spine and gave another terrific shriek. I " Excuse my abstraction," I said, slowly rising to investigate the cause of his fright. " I was thinking of Belinda " J. lie cause immediately transpired, for, fastened to tlie small of his back, were all the contents of that chair, except tlie cushion. " Confound Belinda !" he exclaimed, stung to madness by jealousy and the darning necdle. " I can stand her sharp tongue from morning till night—l've got seasoned to it—but I'll bo darned if 1 can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow." i "I'll try to extricate you; 1 understand now. V our little pun respecting my darn in;' needle here made mo think you were mildly swearing," I remarked, " Steady now!" And with a vigorous effort tlie darning needle, handkerchief, ball, and stocking were at once removed, and I con fessed to myself with an inward chuckle that it was certainly not a very beautifying addition to a frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment he had unwittingly affected —entirely done for. Ho had in an unlucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at. the stocking;*, seizing on them as a subject for his next remark. " Did you do that, Reuben ?" he asked. " I never see one darned bo woU. After all, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. Guess I must be going." " Don't hasten, .Joshua—you were telling mc what Belinda would say when you return ; I urn getting deaf; I don't always catch, everything." *..-?? -w.. , " " N<> I wasn't, npi&eTf; AnuWou needn't bo calln)g.^\ vllo by her first name to my \'.'?oo—but I can tell you near enough, if you want, to know ; clio will say that I was a blusterini: old idiot to miss that train and get belated home, and I guess I wa*, too." " I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," I apologised. "I am somewhat blundering j myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much so if I had us many errands entrusted to my poor memory as you had to-day." He looked as if it was no affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, and corrected one of my errors by present ing a. much rumpled docunn-nt from his vest pocket. " There's the items ; it don't do to trust to my memory, neither." I glanced hastily at the Greek nnd Hebrew characters that I was uliable to translate correctly, and Joshua suddenly exclaimed : " By the groat Caesar ! If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins?" He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained him to remind him of his magnani mous offer. " When shall I have tho pleasure of meet ing that' amiable person at your house? Miss Charity Smith, I think you culled lior." Hβ looked more confused than ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly : "Well, now—come to think of it, I ain't sure Bhe'd suit you, after all; and—come to think of it—seems to mo I heard that t-he thought of making a lengthy visit to her nephew out in Oregon. Perhaps you had butter wait awhile. I think I'll take it up with Miss Charity first. Good night, Reuben. I'm glad to leave you so coiu fortablo." He vanished, and I have not seen him sinco, and the air caetlo is likoly to share the same fate a* many another.- But here, whnt is this my eye first lights upon us I o[>eii tho paper this hot midsummer day 1 . " A mysteWou* disappearance 1 Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has been missing for several days. The de|?H agent is quite sure he bought a ticket for sums Western city, but his family suspect Huiuide, as ho has been melancholy of lutu." l'oor Joshua! 1 can imagine thut he would be mibjett to hypo occasionally. Belinda cmi'b be what she used to be, according to the liiutH ho let drop rellectinjr on her amiability. I hardly think it would be best to uttompt to condolo with her, if worst has come to wor.it—and if Bolimlii Brown is really a widow—poor fellow ! But perhapj Bhe for old acquaint ance ?ake, forget her giief siiflicienlly to present mo. to Miss Smith, "t-'liarity "— that name, however, has hud v very plena ing sound to my ears. But hero's another Clicetnut-liill item, that gives the tiiiishiiii; stroke to that air castle— " Miss Chnrity Smith started for Oregon last week." Tho thermomi'ter wae ninety in tlio shade when I came in with the {inper. I must {£<? uutnnd look at it ujjain ; it miut huve fallen twenty degree* certain. What if—Joshua out to Oregon himself? In all England there are only seven pchool boards which do not proiide fur itisUuyUou by Clie twvuvft 