LiSTEllKSTiNG & UiSKFOl j INFORMATION THE HOUSKipi. . -.Und,4 vrilira; in of tho culinrj Mi Viiifi'te, 'th from Ihd IhA (hewllitilu'ywhk. li'tfr .the hand, for sjucca niv.1 JjlfHriikb Uto appvliio in n tir-.-!,u\y jjrrficb qiW!n>fff- -ful to a sickly s\'vit r(Sfrh»ih dift- orders." . If at all, in tho 'iu h'tib 'riiHri 'flrti oxcoption mutt- ty» in <«<$ 'tlih 'liirb, iff It-'r own knowledge, or v.viAwklie'ilnt'ftthVwhflN.'h certain no hurut xriU vtVi.v-. -V Hi'A'ttnUi- dpfiliptMhb soon turns npntetl n Ivm fwqm'lti. rfujjilfitl<Mi't»fhb same fend, ami it lies bariulcu uovellr to tcmy)- fls must attend strictly U> tfes M/UWilflJUni «t»f niedicino, sho may exereiss vwii ffnet.-ilfilMiMWi hh food, provided sho lias >wr.£ scai'iiK:b(£|»mP> eiteote of tlia different kinds.vint/ehii/jmihbodly. VtocTABua are wrely snteaWs fruits, on tho contrary, are tr/rtdSritoiJl, awfi uffAiMi highly beneficial. . Autfmritfr>sv<e-gywkli(- 'Jh U'luifr cstiuiato.of starchy foods, saw ci ttUoa -are.innoeciuo nutritious,. and, if ui/inu. lead to starvation. biu- <t$ arrowroot. " that it is only ns-f-l a a f.'ir administering wino " ; but, on tho cthvr have been known to live fur a month 93 a tv.v& entirely on arrowroot and water, and keen grateful to starcby food orcr nftcr. Arrewro< aud v\wn- | flour. aro now. believed to bo mort useful agvat j in tho sick . ruoui ; white there are so many | preparations of invalid food, each with vculiar I properties of their own, tlio intelligent mirre need j do at no ln:s to vnrv her patient's diet. But high on : tlio list of inratiiis' food must bo placed oatmeal 'gruel, tho strengthening properties of which are but Imperfectly understood, and certainly deserve to bo better known.1 Iu ono case of extreme weakness, whero tho puticut wns to . all apjicnrnnce sinking, .three tublcopooufuis of oatmeal gruel, to which was added medicinally, ono spoonful of spirit, given every two hours, worked such a wonderful change for tho better ns to astonish tlio medical attendant, nnd ' lead him to commit, what had been an ulniost hope less case, to tho nurso— with tho remark, " Just goon with your nursing." Gruel is mode thus: Put fivo tablospoonfuls at onttneal— less or innro as it is wanted thick or thin— nud mix to n liquid posto with cold water; then stir it iuto a pint ana a hnlf or two pints of boiling water and strain through n sieve close enough to keep back nil tho grates ; boil it in an enamelled saucepan till about tho thickness of good cream. If properly mado and sufficiently boiled, it will got thicker as it cools. Plain or raspberry vinegar, spirits, sugar, salt, or ovena littlo butter may ho added. Ekuf-tua is so well-known as to need no recom mendation, yet inexperienced people are sometimes at a loss in sotting about tho making of it. Ono ounco of bcof to six tablospoonfuls of water is a proper pro portion for good beef tea. Cut tho meat intoaice; put it into n stewpau, und add cold water in tho aboro proportion. Let it stand away from tho firo for 10 miuutes, ns certain parte of bcof are only soiublo in cold wntor ; then put it to heat very gradually, nnd at lust boil it 10 minutes. Ciiickkk for roup should bo boiled six Lours in a covered stono jar ret iuto a pan of boiling water. Gclatino added to bcof-tea, or chicken soup, makes it more nourishing, aud also makes a cliango for tho patient. Sunk -loz. of it in j- pint of cold wutor ; add to it a cupful of becf-tca or chicken soup, and stir it over tho firo till tho gelntino is quite dissolved ; . when cold it will bo u firiu jelly, almost as good ns calfWoot jolly, and mado with much less troublo. - Restorative — Put loz. isinglass, $ dozen cloves, loz. pouuded gum nrabio, 2oz. sugar, and pint of the best medicinal port wino into a bov/l ; lot tho mixture stand covered over for a night ; then put tho bowl into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it near tho lire till tho isinglass and gutn arabio aro qnito dissolved ; pour through a picco of muslin, let it stand till cool, nnd then cut it up into squares. ' Baulbt-watek is ono of tho best diluents in any febrile disorder, or white a patient is undor blister. When barloy, in any shape, is given to an invalid, It should first bo soaked in boiling water to rcmovo the acid. In making .barley-wator, it should simmer for un hour. A handful of raisins boilod in it makes a moro palatable driuk, whilo it io no less whole some. Cukam or PARLnr is a cooling and nourishing form of food, nnd may bo safely given In fovcrish attacks. Cut up half-pound of lean veul, put it in a saucepan with a pint of cold water, and add two' ounces of barley previously soaked in boiling water. Boll together for six hour;, adding a littlo water as' it wastes. Pound the whole in a mortar, and rub it. through tho lauiiuy aicvo with the liquor. Invalid Cubtaud.— Tho yolks of two eggs und the whito of one, bvatcu up with a cupful of milk, put iuto a liultorcd teacup, and steam ten minutes; The Vat.hu hp tiik Onion. — White tba union stands nt a disadvantage among vegetables on account of its pronounced und ' not ' wholly ucreeabte ; odour, it is, doubtless, ono of the mn?t valuable and healthful produoteof the garden. This vnluo is not confined to its usa us an nriicla of diet, sinco the cfllcienoy of onion poultices in cases of croup und similar diseases are too welt known to need repetition. The roasted heart of on onion, placed in tho car ns hot as it can bo borne, will often relievo cases of earache when other remedies fail, and a very excellent oough syrup is made by putting ono half cup of tnincod onions into a cup each of vinegar and molnsscs, simmering on tho stove for lmU nn hour, ondthen straining. A tea- spoouful of Ibis syrup taken frequently will relievo povoro cases of 'cough and lioarsoncss. Itis claimed Hint onions, ns on articlo of food, ore oxcollent blood j purifiers, grcntlv improving tbo complexion, ond, of course, entirely harmless. As a norvino, tbey ore very beneficial, oitbor cooked or raw, and, if eaten in tbe natural stato, tbe ndditiou of a little salt or popper makes thorn moro palatable.. Tbo large imported variety ore much less pungent and disagreeable to tbe;. teste than smaller native growth, but equally efficient in remedial action, Tm: Amc.— Nothing is more, discouraging to, a- good Iionsekecpcr than to inovo into a houso with u neglected nttio whero tho ddbris of oil tho previous lioupokooporshasbcon allowed tocollcct. It ib im possible to calculate how much dust and unwhole- ! Boinentss drifts down through tho houso. from such a neglected spot as this. A good housekeoporbas no- such neglected spots. Her houso cleaning does not begin with tho storey under tho attic, but with tho ntt io itself. Thoro arc ghosts enough in a forgotten nttio to furnish ft volume of'raystcries. It is not nn uncommon thing for people to consign to tho nttio their worn-out shoes, tiicircast-off bonnets and huts, their decrepit furniture which lias passed usefulness, all thoir old bolongingt, in .prospect. porliaps of some' general 'resurrection doy which nerer conies. Thoy ' inovo. away and another tenant comes, who follows tho oxomplu 'which has bccu sot by his pre decessor.. Tim' dtihris and dust nnd Uio unwholo- snnicnosB that enmo with thom accumulate. Thoro is nothing more absurd that this practlco of hoarding up trash. Tho attio of n houxp should bo kept as clear as possible from nil nrtloles .which.are cot of positive value, in order Ihut it may bo freoly dusted nnd swept like any other portion of tho house. A single woollen garment or old wool hut way alone bring mollis enough to infest a wholo houso if loft neglected in tho garret. Let attics bo kept clean and cellars dry. if you expect to livo in a wholesome houso. ,, autumn fiicshrtks -german rkctpes.— Poars m vinegar: Winter Bcrgipuut or other small pears must ; bo peeled smooth, leaving on tho sterna, and either I i.ri. .. i.Ainn, linlvofi nnd iho kcrnola taken out. To ovory hound of. pcara allow , half a pint of vinegar, floz. of sugar, a st'ckof cinnamon, ond a dozen cloves. Boil tiuao ingredients a fow minutes, thon lay id tho ' pears, and let. them tmnnjof till a pin goes ons;!v through them, but not long enough to soften them. Tako out tho. pears, drain them on a siove, nnd luy tlnmi.ia tho j'3. Boil down tho syrup thicker, and wliou ciir jiour It over tho fruit.. Should tho -syrup becomotmn w a fow diiTR, boil it over again. Qninco calibs: Boil tbo quinrea whole, without pooling thorn, till quite soft; tlioii ih'oI nml core them. Work tho pulp through a . nvireo slcvo- Allow lib. of sugar to llb. of fruit. Moisten tho sugar with a Httlo water, and boil it until . bcudo form ; tin n put In tbo fruit, aud boil tills, with constant stirring, to a stiff, smooth jam. Mako Httlo travo of while paper, fill them half an inch thick with tho fruit, and put tlicm to, dry in a cool oven, or spread the mass out thin on plates, nnd when, -somewhat dried ftl them Io gorcold. Cut tho fruit Into any n»oH rbftprs. ; Thoro dried on pap'T are removed by. dipping tho punor into cold water. Qidnce jelly: Cliooso quinces tlmlnro quite ripo ond yellow, tv/ii-li and wipe, but do not poel tbom. Sllca them nnd teko out tho kcrnols, put t|u> slices in an tiirihin prewrvlng pin, sbnko, and press thom down ; pour in boilimr water, enougli barely to cover tho fruit, boil it until tho colour deepens and it becomes quite soft, then pour it into 0 jolly bog, or press tho fruit throiigfl a napkin i>wJ flno sieve. In either core iho juleo must ho filtered thrco thnos, till it runs'quite clenr: then add lb.- of BUgar to lib. of iuicv, aud boil until it thickens to a clcui-syrup, nnd foVnisa hanging network 011 o silver spoon dipped in, . Fill smoll glusscs, and tio thmu ovor tho next . day.— Quail.-; ' ' : ' UARHifi-fiiR— A gentleman with u: grievance, A\ i inguiat of brief accompllshmente. : . ; . , ; '. Hiiis wns niy idyl whon I wooed,: ' : | . v Myidool whon I won ; ; ' \- ' - 'My idol when xn after yc&rs;, : yfbjt idlo cUoltad nra 