BREVITIES. From the English files to band we take the following interesting items: — The Prince and Prinoess of Wales visited Windsor on Sunday, aud gave instructions as to the final resting place of the body of tbe late Duke of Clarence, wbicb will be removed to tbe royal vaults beneath St. George's Cbapel, where it Tbe Queen has conferred a Dukedom of the United Kingdom on tbe Duke of Argyll. Hitherto bis rank in the Eng lish peerage has only beeu that nf Barou, and be voted in tbe Houbs of Lords as Lord Hundrldge. Tbe Duke of Devonshire delivered up to the Queen tbe Badge of the Order of tbe Garter worn by bis father. Tbe exceptional number of deaths in the six weeks eudlng Marcb 10 has caused no fewer tban 30 vacancies in tbe order of Knighthood. Some originals drawings by Cruick 6hank wern sold by auction iu London. The 24 designs for 'Oliver Twist' fetched £140. Tbe last of tbe old mall coach guards, wbo baB been in the service of the General Post-office for 65 years, aod is now super annuated. has received a retiring testi monial, consisting of s mail-guards' silver watch, a portrait, and purse of gold. Tbe Women's Property Bill, which has been read a second time in tne Com mons, is intended to prevent tbe wives of tbe artizan class, Including tbe laborer, from pledging their husband's credit for articles not strictly necessaries— eooh as dress, jewellery, furniture, books, and pictures. The annual sale of tbe Queen's pure bred shorthorns took place at Windsor. A hull which bad carried off many prizes fetched £1000. Great alarm Ib felt at New R -mnoy, on the Essex coast, by an encroacbment of tbe sea, the land being flooded for a dis tance nf two miles. The rat peat in Cheshire 1s again caUB I tie trouble. Tbey swarm In such numbers that (he people are afraid to enter some farm huildlugs. The mloe plague in the Snutb of Scotland is spread ing. From time Immemorial a born has been blown at night during the winter in Balnbridge to guide belated travellers in tbe forest. Tbe blowing has just ceased for the season. Tbe 'Oxford Ghost, 'wblob has caused some sensation, baB been found out, and was nothing more alarming tban a Irollo some undergraduate, wbo manipulated from a distant window a string, to ths end of wbicb a walking-stick bad been atlaohed, An heiress, 17 years of age, daughter of a wealthy banker residing In Kent, eloped Wltb her father's butler. A. curate mysteriously diB&ppe;&rod; from Gloucester, Re was Engaged to be mar ried, aqd bad taken a bouse, but bs reoenily received from bla Intended bride a registered letter containing ber engage ment ring. This is supposed to nave preyed upoa bis mind. After a aearob be was discovered at Huntingdon. A oountryman whose bead came in ooDtaot wltb a street-lamp while riding on tbe outside of a London omnibus has bnnn awarded £70 damages. Tbe Bankruptcy Court has deolded that Miss Knowlea, who was awarded £6500 damages against a matrimonial editor for breach of promise, Is to receive 20». iu the pound. A husband obtained a dlvoroe In Lon don with £1000 damages and custody of the children, a blotting- pad having been used as evidence against the wife. In another divorce case a dead man waB one of the co.respnudents. A spinster, 49 years nf age, bas been awarded £6 for breach of promise. The church of8t. Nicholas, Roohester. wan partially destroyed by fire. The cathedral, which was Inclose proximity, was for a time endangered. A fire broke out under the floorlog nf a corridor of Dublin Castle near the Btate bedrooms, but was quickly subdued. Sixteen valuable cows were burned to death at a farm fire In Cheshire. A fire destroyed the residence, In Edin burgh, o' Professor Copeland, the As tronomer Royal for Scotland, The only way ofescaps for tbe professor and bla family was by means nf an extemporised rope of sheets and blankets, whereby tbey descended from the bedrooms. 1 he engine-driver of an express be tween Gloucester and Cheltenham, find ing tbe signals against him, stopped at Cburclidown fetation. On going tn the signal-box tbe signalman was found dead. A boiler weighing tbree tons exploded at Burnley, and travelled through the air a distance of 40 yards, falling with b tremendous crash oo the roof of a public house. only one person being Injured. At Bow an infant, while lying in its aradle, was so severely bitten by a rat that it died. Tbe Queen sent a telegram expressing sympathy with tbe sufferers from tbe fishing-boat disaster at Newfoundland. Tbe boats were blown out to set during a blizzard, 43 fishermen perishing, while some of tbe survivors were so frost-bitten as to be maimed for life. A lady committed suicide at 8nuthsea, Bhe having Inst a large Bum by tbe stoppage of a build ing society. A young gentleman was sentenced to nine months' Imprisonment at Sligo for stealing various articles from houses at which be was a guest. ' Mrs. Gordon-Baillie.' wbo, after one of tbe moat extraordiuary careers of de ception oo record, was sentenced to five years' imprisonment in 1888, bas been released from prison. Eight schoolboys were remanded at Croydon charged with setting fire In a haystack to warm themselves. Before a burglar could be captured in Paris he had fired Beveral shots at his pursuers, killing two people who hap pened to be la tbe streets. A young Frenchman who eloped from Paris with a girl, afier taking £40,000 said to have belonged to bis late fattier, bas been traced to London, £15,000, eo it Is said, being found concealed under tbe floor of the room he occupied In Bays water. As tbe French law does not permit parents to prosecute their children, the mother of the prodigal can only proceed against the girl, whole incustody charged with being an accomplice. Berry, tbe executioner, has sent a letter to tbe Home Secretary resigning his posi tion as ' executioner (or Great BrKain,' because he was not permitted to use what length of rope be desired. Tbe police are searching for a gardener wbo lived at a lodge in tbn grounds of a large bouse at Blackheath over 20 years ago. Tbe man's wife mys- j teriously disappeared during bis real- 1 dence there, and human remain' have ! recently been discovered beneath tbe floor of an outbnilding. A yonth left his home in Mexico a few years ago telling his mother and sweet heart he would return from tbe mines witb a fortune to provide for tbe one and marry tbe other. A etory was circulated tbat be bad been murdered, but tbe girl, disbelieving It, remained single. Not long since. aBtrange young man aall»d upon tbe mother aod professed to be able to bring ber news of ber son. A man in love with tbe faithful swpntbeartsecretly informed the mother tbat tbe mysterious visitor was none other than the murderer of Iter son. In a fit of fury the mother stabbed tbe visitor to the heart, aud com mitted suicide on finding tbat she had killed her dearly-toved son, wbn, for fun, was concealing his identity. The man wbo had thus brought about tbe death of bin rival was lynched. There was a regular blizzard in Locdoa i on March 9, and snow fell beavily in j in iiny parts of Eog'and and Ireland. Thirteen degrees of frost were registered in some parts on March 7. Tbe weather I was equally severe in Paris. Tbere was a hard snowstorm in Jerusalem, a very unusual occurrence. Six travellers were frozen to death during a snowstorm in tbe Pyrenees. A famous temple in Ceylon bas been entered by burglars, wbo carried off gems and gold valued at £5000. Twenty per sons were arrested. In a Bohemian village a couple were married on tbe same day tbat tbe bride groom's parents celebrated tbelr silver wedding and bis grand-parents their golden wedding. j As a man was about to fill op a grave at Rlcbepeu lie beard a movement in tbe coOln. Belug alarmed he ran for assis tance. When tbe coffin was broken open tbe lips of tbe supposed corpse was still moving, but death ensued in a few minutes. Great excitement prevailed in Seattle, Washington, two Adventists having In duced tbe people to believe that tbe world would end on tbe 29th Marcb. Tbe official reporters in tbe Ottawa Senate intend henceforth to use the phonograph In place of shorthand. An Australian has just left London witb tbe Intention of making an effort to swim Niagara, in attempting which feat Captain Webb lost hlB life. Mrs. Morris, an old lady living in Llanelly, South Wales, haBjustcelebrated ber 101st birthday. She baB only been out of Llanelly for five days during the whole of ber life. She is now getting very feeble. A furniture brnker, named Jonas, wbo has just died at Obester, had 33 children ; Mrs. Jonas, who survives ber husband, having had twins 16 tlmeB. 