My Nar-row tscape. It I never told anybody how very, very near I was to death tl.at night, joct a year ago; I but as I can now look back and calmly re call each thought, each word, each act, I I think I will write it down as a warning to n all who may find themselves similarly cir. cumstanced, hoping, with all my heart, that I the number may be few. In the first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and have been for the last ten years, the foreman and bookkeeper of the large lumbering establishment of Wi! liam Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decade,unless something better turns up. pIMr. Winston is the resident partner and manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm,of which there are two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the sales of lumber, which we send them by vessels. This is by far the largeot share of what the mill cuts, although the amount of our sales directly from the mill, to supply the country to the west of us, is quite large. Well, one cold September evening, just as I was preparing for home, I heard footsteps on the ground outside, and presently the office door flew open, as though someone in haste had given it a push, admitting a tall, stnut, we!lldressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone-M-r. Winston having gone to the houre some half an hour before, locking the safe, in which we kept our books and papers, and taking the key with him as sueal. I had already closed the damper to tihe stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the actol turning down the lamp--ut, of course, I waited. "Good evening, sir," said the man, bostling up ti the stove, and kicking the damper open with his right foot. "fHas Winston gone to the house?" I answered that he had. " When I was afraid of it." IHe drew out his watch-a very fine one, I thought. "I shall not have time to go up," he said. "The train is due in fifteen min. utes." "I there anything I can do for you 1" I asked. "I wanted to leave some money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, but I have just got a despatch that calls me home." " What name, sir f" "Anderson, of Andersonville." I knew him then. though I had seen him but once before. He had been one of our best western customers. I said had been, for thereason that during the pact y:ar he had not been so prompt. In fact, he was a considerably behind, and Winston had that b very day told me to write him, and "punch I him up a little," as he expressed it. The I letter was then in the breast pocket of my t overcoat. "You can leave the money with me, sir, . and I will give you a receipt." SIHe seemed to hesitate, which nettled me e somewhat. I have never blamed anyone " since, however. "How much is my bill?" he asked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, for I hed struck the balance not more than half an hour be fore: "Two thousand two hundred and fity pounds." "Humph I less than I supposed. Write out a receipt for that amount." lie glet the stove, ane came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out i the receipt. e "It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know o you now. You've been with Wineton a I long time. I can tell your signature any. a where." y He drew from an inside pocket a large y black wallet very round and full, and count. s, ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, he told mote run them over. It was a eshort and easy task, for each pile contained just d twenty ten pound notes. The balance was e in notes and sovereigns, and it took more time to count them; but at last we got it so that both were satisfied. a At this moment we heard the whistle from g the station. Anderson sprung for his travel. r. ling bag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake it was off on the run. I closed the door, and r" counted the money over again. Finding it .o all right, I wrapped a piece of nerspaper h around it, and slipped it into my overcoat a pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so is much money about me, but as Winston's n house was at least a mile distant, I con e. cluded to keep it until morning, when I y could deposit it in the bank. r. I closed the damper again, drew on my o gloves, took the office key from the nail just r over the door, and stepped up to put out the light. As I did so, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wrote for Mr. Anderson. He n had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would ir have done it then, but as the last mail for , the day had gone out on the train which d took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as well d in the morning. le Then, too, I was in something of a if hurry that night, for I had an appoint g ment; and Imay as well state here that it e was with a young lady, who, I hoped, It would be my wife before many months if elapsed. 1\. I hastened to my boarding place, ate my y supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, r- wearing the overcoat with the money in it, Sas I did not feel easy about leaving it in my rs room. Carrie was at home, of course, as she id was expecting me, and, leaving my coat a and hat in the hall, I went into the is parlor. I donot think a repetition of our conver. at sation would be very interesting, so I will re pass over it, merely remarking that nothing it occurred to disturb me until I arose to take re my leave. se Carriewent into the entry for my coat a. and hat, that I might put them on by the :n warm fire, but she came back with only my e- hat. to "Why, Fred, you certainly did not yen. ture out on such a night as this without an overtoat 1" S "No coatl" I exclaimed, in a dazedeort of t a way-for the thought of the money, flash o. ing upon me so suddenly,had almost stunned se The next moment I tore past her like a. a madman, asn I was. The coat was It gone I i. Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the ne stair-rail, and caught it just in time to sup le port myself. Carrie came running out, her sd face turning pale with alarm. re "Oh, Fred I are you sick ? Let me call er mother and the doctor. You are as white as h, a sheet," a "No, no, Carriel" I entreated. "There, I ambetter now." And I was better. I was strong, all at be once-desperately strong. And what brought about this change? The simple receipt e which I hadin my pocket. Anderson had Snothing to show that the money had been Spaid, and was not my unaided word as good as his? ly I was foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident is and quite easy at once. is "There, Carrie, I am much better now. ty The room was too warm, I guess. So some sneak-thief has dodged in and stolen my cost I Well, let it go. It was only an old one, and I'll have a better." " fBut was there anything in younr Spockets ?" asked Canie. It is strange how suspicious guilt will make us. I really thought that Carrie sua ly petted me, and an angry reply was on the end of my tongue. I suppressed it, however, and uttered a falsehood in. stead, ' , ". ",Nothing of consequence, Carrie. A pood pair of gloves and rome other trifling notions." "I am glad it is no worse, Fred. Now, if you will wait jest a moment, I will get you one of father's coats to wear home." Thus equipped I left her. You may guess that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refresh. ing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were the subject of remark. " Why, Fred, you look as though you had met a legion of ghosts last night," said Winston. "What is the matter 1" "I have had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a sickly smite. "And you'll have another, if yc're no. I careful. You had better keep quiet to-day. By-the-way, did you write to Anderon !" I do not know how I managed to reply, Cor the question set me to shivering from h ad to foot, and I was so week that I could scarcely sit in my chair. I must have answered in the afirmative, however, for he said: " Then we may look for something from him to-morrow, or the next day?" Im. mediately after he added, "Why, Fred, you shiver as though you had the ague, and you are sweating like a butcherl You're sick, man. Come I jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I locked myself in. Winston sent a doctorround, but I refused to seehim. Then he came himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady came, then some of my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. Ah I those were terrible hours that I passed and the night coming on brought me no relief. Can you not guess what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at last resolved upon self.destruction. I commenced my preparations with the same calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most common transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I realed them all. In a fourth envelope I enclosed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. All this accomplished, I went to my ° secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was simply a revolver, small and in significant enough in appearance, but all euflicient. Having examined the cartridges to make eure that there would be no failure, I eat down before the fire, and placed the cold m muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been life. less, but just as my finger began to press the trigger there came a tap on my door. It startled me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I called out that'I could admit no one." "5Not me, Fred 1" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look h on her loved face got the mastery of me. Quietly slipping the tell-tale letters, which 1had left on the table, into my pocket, I opened the door. " Oh, Fred I you are rral sick," exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light ltell on my face. "Why did you not sent for me? Aren't n you better ?" "Worse," I answered, huskily; "but , Carrie-good Heaven's I" e As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward ; and then-- hardly L know what, for, hanging across Carrie's arm, h was my overcoat I se Recovering from my astonishment, I 7 snatched it from her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand r, two hundred and fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, te the singular capers of a madman, or the 'a wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the groterque dancing of savages. Well, judging ig trom what Carrie told me and from the ap pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, were it possible B to concentrate the three above mentioned species of demons into one, their capering ; and dancing would appear tame in compari. son with mine that night. 1 But I cooled down after a while, and just in time t .anvearsria'a hrad a thamp from the chair or the washstand, which I had at selected as partners in my crazy waltz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was w the simplest thing imaginable. I do not a know why I had not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn se it down town, never dreaming that a small t- fortune was lying idly in one of the a, pockets. rt Well, I" didn't have the brain fever over the st affair, but I was next door to it. I made a tO clean breast of the whole thing excepting my re attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at sell de. it struction. No one ever guessed that part of it, and I tellit to-day for the first time. m I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed 1s over the money to Mr Winston, and went ta right on with my duties, a wiser and better d man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, it I shall lead Carrie to the altar. er ___________ 