THAT DREADFUL TAM luvilly, you know, I think you look quite well in youv new position, Thus gaily anil facetiously I addressed a skull upon which I had K-htowod much olTort. Your coloring is vastly improved by your other bath. If only your teoth hud not been lost. I suppose if I’d rnfrniued from puttiug them in that pill box marked, ‘Take one morning and twining,’ Williams would havo paid thorn.the compliment of being teoth, instead of strangling pills, and packed them with you whon he emit you “But uovor you mind, old chappie, I havo thought of a way to get some rooro teeth. I’ll ask my, dontist to save me nil he pulls—if ho dooBii’twant thorn—and wn'U rig you out in a lino now sot, and thny won’t be fulso ones. “Wherevor you havo a vacant lot iu your jaws you shall havo a nice Httlo tooiio. -You could oven adopt- tho rcprohonsiblo habit of chewing pnm, if you wished, though I’d rnthet. you wouldn’t; for—a word in tbo hole where your car used to ho—you nro now too tony a, skull, Chappie mine, for that sort of thing. .You’ve a velvet cushion to ait ou uud ‘ functus ofticio’ paiuted ou your cranium, not to speak of having your lower maxillary articulated with a wire spring. Suppose wo put your jaw out of joint, my child. You have.such a fetching expression whouits twisted to ouo aide.” Then a terrible thing happened; the skull spoke. It said, “ Bo good enough to keop your hands olV mer” nud said it slowly and Thou thoro was a silenco of upwards of five minutes. My hair assumed an upright position ou mv head, so inconvenient to the workiug cap perched there that it yielded to the pet auasions of gravity, und sought tho lloor. My knees evinced a fondness for each other’s com pany, nud my oyes felt oulavgod. 1 hadn’t a etnilo during the day; this was clearly a ghastly reality. Thu old chappio continued to stare mo in the , face without winking, and tbo stillness grow embarrassing. Finally I said, “ Cmjnr’s ! Ghost!” There was no reply. I waited sorno time, and silenco still reigning, I began to thiuk my ears must havo deceived me. * I determined not to act rashly, howover ; so feeling myself a dreadful dolt I said in a whisper: “I begyour pardou, hut 13 it customary for skulls to speak ?” “ When thoy nro spokon to,” came back promptly, i»Iy hair, which had just begun to. seek a recumbeutposition, again assumed tho perpen dicular. I stopped behind tho table, and regrottod that my pistol was in a drawer of the desk on which the skull stood. Nothing would have induced mo to got it; tho Tlriug might have jumped at ray head or bitten off my nose with its articulated So I gazed at old chappie with a feeling anything but affectionate, and mentally de nominated -him '* Old Devil,” But after tins iutornal obuilition of auger I broke into a cold perspiration. For all I know ho might bo able Jo road my thoughts.- If it was tho nmu \vlio used to live iu him who was now making night hideous in this manuer, why shouldn't no ho able to stop inaido one’s anatomy aud road ono’a thoughts as fast ns tho thinkiug machino produced them. Good heavens! I braced mytsolf for eternity, but tho ramutos went by aud 1 still breathod tbo mundane air. I pulled myself together. Hero I wub six feet tall and a football plajor; was I to bo brown-boatea by that bouy old thing ? I had always wished to soo a ghost if thoro wero such affairs. There was evidently a strong super natural atmosphere rampant now. Why not tn&ko; tho most of it! So I rooponod th* conversation by timidly ro ranrkiug, •* Well, I never now skulls to speak before, so why should you ?” ** Why shouldu t IV” was tho instant reply. He hud such an easy assurance, did that skull, und his answers were qo roudy that though I know that this time he was just copy ing from “Alice iu Wouderl&ud;,” still I was stuggored. BucI noon drew rayaolf up aid romurkod with dignity : “That is moroly avoiding tho question.” “Then pray avoid questioning me.” Wiw ho trying to make a pun? Distantly I lost some of the awe with which he hud in spired mo. I stepped out from the table, put one baud on my hip nud assumed a slightly .domineering attitude. I said: “ Considering that you come to mo a greasy old skull, that I soaked you in hot water and soda for an hour, sorubbed you with an old tooth-brush and picked little bones out of your ear* with a haiipm ; considering I bathed you in ether aud benzine und suunod you ou the conservatory roof for mouths, with your lower maxillary tied to you by a pink tape and your fc-iethin a cigar box by your side; con sidering tho close intercourse all this entailed, and thut during that timo yon never gnve u sign of life, you must acknowledge that it ia strange you should suddenly develop the power of speech." “I acknowledge uothiug," replied the son- , tentiom littto fool, I •‘UK, I wouldn't," I said, “you might show I some miiuq if you did that.” I “Young rnan,” said tho skull with an in- : suiting drawl (I ground uiy teeth); “do not; imagine that 1 enjoy talking to you, for Ido not. I havo merely protoctrd myself from in dignity by so doing. Should you ever again attempt to dislocate my jaw I will work harm to one whom you love.” “ Who,” I gasped. “ What «io you know’ about her *?*♦ “ She was once my fiancee. “ You lie !” I cried. No answer. “ Didu't you lie?” Iaskod, hacking down. “ I’ll go out and throw dust and ashes on my head if you wish, and will only forgive mo. But wasn't it a or—mistako? XVhat’s some times culled or—er—lie ?” “ No," replied tho skull. “ I could not toll “ But how old is Mario then ?" my heart leaping into ray mouth at thought of ray dear little love. “ Methusalch was au infant iu arms compared to her.” 1 “ Groat hoavons,” I cried, “ look at her cheeks ; thoy are liko rose leaves and her chin is as smooth as a child's. You lie, you know you do.” No answer. “ Didn’t you lio?” No answer. “ Please excuso me, sir. I only meant how canMuno look aoyouug if aha is so—if aha “ The fluid who still live learn socrets. One is about a face p;isto con’aining no load, b's rauth, arsonic or any other injurious ingre dient and superior to nil other washes. Tho secretin to umko sure of the trade-mark when asking foric.” “ What i« tha trade-mark,” I oakod. “ I do not knew. I never cared for my complexion. I think it neater just to wour “I do not believe you even know Marie. You li-1 moan couldn't you be mis taken ? ” He gave a blood-curdling chucklo. “Thut little broken tooth on the loft side of her mouth—I broke it. I throw ray skull at her, uft»>r I was dead, because ehn forgot rao. Thero is a email scar on her lip over tho tooth; I mud© H at, too. Garoo ! Garoo! Then my roaaon loft rao for I had kissed that scar. I got down on ray kneea and ray voice trembled. “On, wonderful being, did-,iiu Mario love you too ? ” “Madly, wildly, passionately, dovotedly.” “Did she ever say to you, 'I fuel that (loath, that oteruity can never change our love; it will alwnys bethesimor” “ Ilor exact words.” “And yet she 1ms changed, will sho also chango toward uio'r” “ Yes. One hundred years from now your skull will bo a bit of bric-a-brac in her drawing- ‘ room, aud you will hear her say those vorv words to utiothor man. Then iu your anger you will discharge yourself at iier head, as I did, and she will have auother little brokon tooth and another tiny scar. Wo will thon both belong to tho ordorof * Catapult-skulls.’ ” “ Oh, heavAMB !” I groaned, “I cunnot boor it.” I put my h'-nd to my head to aoo if it still felt firm; then tho room grow dark. I heard a ringing sound, a devilish laugh, I kuew no more. When I wok« up I was lying on ir y bed —how came I there? The sun was streaming into tho room, the skull seoraod to grin at mo with toothless jaws and hollow ryes. I shud dered and felt so fnint that I took a pull of brandy. I had astern task beforo roe. I got a woodon box and placed it open beneath tho edgo of the desk. Then I pofcod the skull ofTthe shelf with nn umhrolla. He’ Fell int > the box with a crash ; it made me think )f a catapult’s. I did not look to see if the , Hjust wus broken. I flung tho lid on and umped upon it. Than I nailed it down. 1 It was still early morning. I crept down to 1 ho river trad flung in the box. For weeks I was miserably ill, though I kept up. Thou I went iotlio AvKcaon availing vosbo! and was away two months. After my return my moUivr *md to ino one day: “Hyihowny, tint you kumv thnt your brother hurt been’studying ventriloquism for three or four months V i lo has become very pro lloient at it.” I am still tvjing to earn MuriVa forgiveness for two months’mleuco amt absence, and for being a gullible imbecile. For my brother I am laying low.—4‘Detroit Kroo Press.” 