Footligjit Flashes. THE ROYAL COMIC OrEIU COMPANY Draw Crowded Houses. ?'TIIEGOKUOLIKKS' TO REPLACE' * 'MAiUORIE.' Bevlral of 'Jo.' HISS JESNIE LEE'S DENEFIT. Carl Herts. . Hie Empire Compnny Open To-morrow— At the Curricle— Walter lleiitley In New castle— 31 rs. Hermml llcerii In Mel bourne — Cnlely Compnny to Appear nt Her Jlnjesty's My i-ii Kemble's Knlcr taluuieut-Neni and Notes from All Parts. 'Marjorio' replaced 'La Cigalo ' at Her Majesty's on Wednesday last, and so far the first night's ntteiidauco bus boon tho smallest during its run. Thursday and Fri day thero was stnnding-room only, and on Saturday evening that was nt a premium, liusiness is Ktil! simply immense but Mr. Williamson fully intends to act up to his promise and stago all tho operas nnuounecd for production, so ' Marjorio ' will bo taken off on Saturday next, and 'Tho Gondoliers ' rovived. Wo don't know tho cast, but imagine that Miss Violet Varley and Miss Flora Graupnor will again appear as Tcsfa and Ginnotta, Mr. Unary Bracy as Marco, Mr. Ryley as Ouisoppo, Mr. Lauri as tho Duko of I'laza- Toro, iliss Elsio Cameron as tho Duchess, Mies Florence Young as Casiida, Mr. Syd. Deano as Luiz, Mr. Rosovoar as Antonio, and Mr. Howard Vernon as tho Grand Inquisitor. Reverting to ' Marjoric.' Although this is the first opportunity wo havo had of writing about its production, it is not necessary to describe tho pieco or make men tion of tho cast ho lato iu tho day as a week after its upnnarauce, and suffice to say that tho music is nlivnys pleasing and tuneful, aud, in the main, above tho average. The piccb is splendidly mounted, and the actiug through out cxcollent. » ? a On Saturday evening Miss Jennio Loo com menced a short farowoll season of ' Jo ' nt the Imperial Opera Houso prior to hor depar ture for England. Although ' Jo' has been staged hero on several occasions— tho last timo no longer back than November of .last year Miss Loo's frionds and admirers rolled up in force to witness what is a notablo re vival, quito apart from tho fact that it is a inrowoll ono. jMiss Jennio Leo onco moro guvo an admirablo skotch of the poor, tattered littlo crossing-3weeper, and repeatod her former success. On this occasion Miss Jonnio J.co ia n-ell supported. Mr. Lash-Gordon mado an intelligent Sir Leicostor Dodlock. Mr. Edwin Kelly, admirably mado up, did excellent work as Tulkinghorn ; and Mr. A. G. I'oulton was vory happy as tho meek and timid Snagsby. Mr. Grovillo interpreted Chadband vGrjr clovcriy, mul wo ctinnotrotncnibcr h&Yiiitr; spon a bettor exponent of tho part. Mr. Jin, try Sliiiio njjiiin tlocs c.t coll out work us Gupjiy, whilst Mr. Harry Jowett as Inspector Iluckett may also bo complimented for his sound reading of tho character. Miss fiosa Conroy mado a. staioly Lady Dedlock, and played earnestly ; nnd Misa Constnnco Hardio is an accoptablo Hester. Tho Hortonso of Miss Ada Lee is another crcditablo effort, and Miss Bella lioslinll as Gustor did well and caused much amusement in tho sceno at Mr. SnngBby'a. Miss Hartley as Mrs. Sungsby, and the remainder of tho cast aro fully up to tho requirements of tho caso. On Friday next the season closes, when Miss Jennie Leo takes a benefit. Extoasivo patronage lins boon secured, and a fine programme will bo drafted, and wo hopo and expect to see tho talentod little lady have a bumper seud-off . ? * » Carl Hertz and tho Empiro Company tomor row will commenco a two weeks season at tho Garricik Theatre, under tho management of Mr. Musgrovo. Tho groat illusionist, will prosont to tho Sydnoy public, amongst other wonders, two special mysterious feats, entitled 'Stroubaika'' and ' A'rolitho.' Support will bo accorded by Miss Koso Doaring, Mr. Frod Mason, and tho ' Fairy Four,' all of whom created so favorablo an impression in tho last Royal pantomime Mr. G. L. Goodman will bo in front of tbo houso. Wo seo by New Zealand oxchangos that Carl Hertz simply paralysed them across tho water. Tho bird cago trick is said to bo one of the olovorest things ovor done, aud the various tricks with cards aro also exceedingly woll givon. To morrow should seo the Garrick with every Beat occupied. ? » ? Mr. Waltor Bontloy and his company opened to a packed houso at tho Victoria Theatre, Nowcastlo, on Saturday night in ' Hamlet.' Tho play wont excellently, and Mr. Bontloy recoived quito an ovation. Hiss Laura Hanson waa also woll received. Mr. Bentloy's interpretation was unanimously pronounced to bo in ovory respect an extremely fino ono, tho Sydney vordiet being endorsed.. ** Hamlet' was rcpoatod on Mon day. '' Rioholi'jn,' ' Garrick,' ' Cramond Brig,' 'Tho Bolls,' and 'Tho Lady of Lyons' arn to bo given; and. thou Mr. Bentley will work north as far as Charters TowerB (Q.). ? ? ? No moro suoeossfnl bonefit has over boon givon in Sydnoy than that tendered to ''Toddy ' Koyco on Wodnosday afternoon last at the Criterion Theatre Admirers and friends of Mr. Eoyco commenced to roll up in numbers fully two hours before the curtain roso, and had the house been twico the size it is doubtful whotbor ovoryono who desired to obtain admission could have been accommo dated. Tho benefit from ovory standpoint was an unqualified success. Mrs. JJorniird Becr'o, Mr. Bentloy, tho Hoyal Comio Opora Company, Miss Myra Komblo and a hoat of othors assisted In a bill that took thrco hours to work off. ' . ? ? ? On Saturday evening next a grand farewell eoneort will bo tendered to Madamo Vander veer Green by tho musical profession of Sydnoy at the Centennial ilnll. The Governor and Lady Jorsoy, tho Admiral and Lady Scott, tho Chief Justice nnd Lady Darloy, the Mayor and Mayoross of Sydnoy, and other leading public functionaries havo extended their patronage.' Mr. Cb'arlas Huenorboln is managing, tho conoort, and Dr. Burno is tho hon. treasurer, ? ? «. An iinusaally largo number of people wit noBscd tho departure of tho B.M.S. Orizaba for London, on Thursday last, tho frionds and admirers of Miss Billio Barlow assembling in force at tho Orient Company's wharf. Buforo eho left Iiim Barlo« informod us that sho had enjoyed l*r stay in Amlralia imaionnely, ossaoialljr b»-'**V irn in Sydnoy. ' I nm loth to louve,' naid tho vivacious lillln lady, 'far moro sorry than I can tell you, nud don't want to go a bit.' Miss llarluw wished to onvo again oxpress her hearty thanks for tho many kindnesses rocoivod at tho hands of Sydney audiiMicos, and wonnd np by saying, ' I can not toll for certain, but I hopo and oxpoot to bo out horo again at no vory distant dato.' Miss Barlow took with hor a collodion of parrots, wr-llubioB, in., as well as uuy amount of curios. Sfio waR accorded a hearty ' sond off.' Miss I'uttio JJrowno, Mr, I'orovLyndal, Misa Lillian Davios, aud Miss Edith Vano wero also booked to travol by tho Orizaba, » ? - ? On Saturday last tho London' Guioty Com pany opened nt tho Adelaido Hoyal in !' Fnust up to Date.' ' Carmen up to Data' and ' Joan of Aro ' follow. Tho wholo of tho dross nirclo and reserved stalls, at In creased prices, wero snapped up in tho onrly part of tho wook. Tho Gaiety Company's Sydiioy soaHOu will take plaoo at Ilor llajoaty'u, and will follow that of tho Comio Opera Company. # Tho following itoms como to hand by tho Wairarapa's mails j— Mr. G. H. Snazollo drow good lioueos atGisborno during the early part of last weok, nud last Monday ho bogau a limited season at tho City Ilnll, Auckland. A Duuodin corroHpomlont writes that tho Grattan Riggs sonsou in Dunedin has boon a vory creat success, tho Princess Thoatro being crowdod nightly. Owing to tho Billio Barlow Compuuy nut being able to come across to New Zealand tho Grattan lliggs Company aro filling their Duucdin dates, and woro to open for a socond season of fivo nights lnst evening. During tho week tlio Montague Tumur Opora Company havo drawn vory good houses nt tho Christuhurch Theatre Royal, a. frequent change of programme evidently catching on with opora-goors. Taken alto gother tho company has proved a success, and they aro likoly to coiitiuuo to draw woll for the remainder of the bousou. Mr. Duncau Macallum, tho malinger, left for Duuediu to arrange there for the opouing of tho com Tho Bijou Theatre, Melbqurno, was crowdod on Friday nftoruoou, when a farowoll benefit was toiuiored to Jliss Pnttio Prowu. Tho immcOiato raison d'etre of tho compliment is MisH Browno's departure by the Orizaba to England, whero sho goes in tho ondoavor to win fame iu tho larpor nronn of tho London fitngo, and wo think her success is assured. Tho porformanco commenced with tho hut sceno from ' A Midaummor Night's Dream,' add was followed by tho song of ' Good-bye, Swootheart, Good-bye,' by Mr. Henry Stock well. A sorenade was then sung by Miss Clara Merivalo ; Mr. E. J. Lonnou sang ' Tho Future Mrs. 'A wkins'; Mr. W. Howo recited ' Tho Uncle,' mid theCogill Brothors gave an occontrio cutertaiumont. Mr. Blas oheck recited ' Tommy on Ghosts,' nnd then tho third act of ' Sophia' was presented, with Mr. Charles Glennoy ns Tom Jones. Partridge was playod by Mr. Tithorndgo, whilst Miss Browno appeared as Honour, Miss Tomplo as Sophia, and Mrs. Brough as Lady Bellaston. Jloro songs and rooitations fol lowed by Mr. W. Elder, Mr. Slado Murray, Miss Lalla Miranda, iMr. K. Sass, Mr. Alluu Morris, aud Mr. W. Warner, and tho pro gramme conoludod with tho first act of ' Jane.' At the conclusion of tho programmo thorowero loud calls for Miss Browne, nud in rfsponso sho stopped to tbo footlights and addressed a f ow words of thanks to her friendB in front. Miss ijaggio Moore will play a short season in Adolaido, commencing early in Septombor. Tho attraction will bo tho evergreen ' Struck Oil.' * « * Tho Percy St. John and Wilkimou Dramatic nnd Burlesqno Company will open at tho Theatre Royal, Brisbauo, on July 1C. Adolaido Quiz says :—' Johnny Sheridan bowed himsolf out of tho Thoatro Royul on Friday evening, and on tho following night M. Blouot, alias Max O'Rell, addressed ono of tho best nudioncos that has over assembled in tho Hindley-streot Hull of Amusement.' By Saturday's mail comes news of tho opening of Sarah Bernhardt's London season at tho Royal English Opora Houso with Sardou's ' Cleopatra.' Ouo of tho most brilliant audiences seen iu any, playhouse turned up to wolcome tho divino Sarah after her three years' absence, and to show their appreciation at tho opening of London's finest theatro aftor several mouths of idle ness and closed doors. A London paper says of Madamo Bornbardt :— ' Sho is, as always, unsurpassable, glorious, unique.' The SronTisa and Dkamatio News, howovor, says the pieco is a poor ono, and Madame Bcrnhardt is disappointing. Tho critics agree to differ. « ? » Mrs. Bernard-Beoro will go to America next year (says an exchange) under Marcus Myor's mauagemont, and hor loading man will ho Maurice Barrymore, at throe hundred and fifty dollars a weok. Writing from Monnt Morgan (Q), Mr. Charlie Taylor informs ns of tho continued success of tho Taylor-Carrington Company whilst on tour in tho north. Good biz was dono in Rockhampton with ' Ould Ireland.' Townsvillo is to be visited this weok. Whon lost heard of Harry Rickards was still up North, in Queensland, working down. Tho Minnio Hopo Company woro out West, at Clormont (Q.). Tho Bevcrloy Company were also slowly working through Quconsland, moving south. Tho Agrati and Canaris Com pany wero about to loavo for Java. » » * A spocial entortainment ia to bo givon at tho Molbonrno Bijou Theatre on the ovoning of tho 29th inst., for tho benefit of Mr. E. B. Manning, who has been long and favorably known as assistant manager of that theatre. ? # * Tho drama of 'Tho Trumpet Call,' which has been ndmirably placed on tho stago by Mr. Bland Holt, is still being producod at tho Theatre Royal, Melbourne, and with gratifying results to tho management. It will bo with drawn after next Friday night. * ? * Tho rovival at tho Bijou Theatre, Mel bourne, on Saturday night, of tho farcical comedy ' Turned Up,' attracted a largo nmlionco. The pieco run smoothly, and proved most enjoyable. Thocomody was pro coded by tho comedietta ' In Honor Bound.' Tho same programmo will bo repeated until Saturday night next, whon Pinoro's oomody ' Tho Times ' will bo presented for tho first timo in Australia. llTho Times' is at present boing produced in Groat Britain and Atnorica with great success. ? * » Mrs. Bornard-Beoro met with a splendid reception on hor re-appoarance at tho Mol bonrno Opera House, on Saturday ovoning, after hor scasou in' Sydney, and tho moro prominoutmombors of her company must have been likowiso gratified by tho warmth of tho rocoption awarded to thorn. 'Adrienno Locouvrour 'was the chosen piooo with which to commence hor farewell searon, and it was a magnificent buccobs. At tho fall of tho enrtain and on a third call boing taken, Mrs. Boere briofiy oxprcsscd tho plcasuro it gave her to rovlsit Melbourne. * * * Sbakospearo's fairy comody ' A Midsnmmor Night's Dream' oontinues to attract largo audiences to tho Melbourne Princess's Thoatre, and deserves to hare a .very sucoossful run. ? * * A writer in the London Hawk says :— ' The rovival of ' Forgot-Mo-Not ' at tlio Avenuo with Miss Janet Achuroh as Stophanio Do Mohrivart, brings many recolleotions to my mind of its first production and instant succoss at tho ond of n disastrous summer season at tho Lyceum, of poor old Palgravo Simpson and his quarrol with Mins Ward about Zilla, of Mr. Mowbray Morris' ourious criticism of tho verse of Victor Hugo's ' Luorozia Borgia ' in tho Turns, of poor Herman Morivalo, and tho lotters of 'A Sane Patient' in tho World, and many other things, tho majority of which are not nloasant, and make ono feel a littlo oldor. I am afraid Mi«s Achuroh does not look like fulfilling tho brilliant futuro which, when X prophesied it, led to her first big engagement. This was long beforo sho played Noroh in ' A Doll's Houso,' and beforo bIio was nearly associated with Mr, Charrington, who, earnest actor an ho may be, soomn to have been hardly a good mastor for Miss Aehurch. So'mo years ago there was no young actress with so fino proaonco, promUo, and method as Miis Aohnroh sliotvod in 'Devil Carcsfoot,' and I liked her Ludy'Toazlo, but method has become manner, and I am begin ning to lone faith.' Tho other London papers aro oqnnlly sorero in dealing with 'Miss Acliurch's growing manuorisma, unoyeneas and restlessness. It Is a thousand pities so olovor an notreas should not b»va been better 'buro-msuiiiged and kapt moro rnder control. 