FICTION. A MARRIAGE OF VENGEANCE. LAST week I was at the office of a discharged prisoners' aid society, when among other applicants, was one whom I will call John Dock. He was still a young man, his age not be ing more than 33, and he had been con victed of the serious offence of attempting j to poison hiB wife, and condemned to ten i years' penal servitude. He was certified j as " well educated," and in prison he had ! earned all that was possible in the way of j good conduct money. He was willing to j undertake any kind of work by which. he might get an honest liviDg, and he was told to call again on the following Sa turday. On that day I chanced to look in at the office again, and shortly afterwards John Lock appeared. He was much altered, and looked as though he had been badly frightened. Recognising the secretary at his desk, he hastily remarked— " I beg your pardon, sir. I can't take a job in London. I wish to be sent away, if you please." " To be sent where ?" " Anywhere," answered John Lock, desperately, " eo that It is far enough, far away as the bit of money doe to me will pay passage to. I don't want any other clothes, sir; these I have on will do. I only want to get away." " To get away from whom ?" "From my wife, sir. She might have been dead for all I know to the contrary, but she came on me in the street as sud den as a ghost not two boors since, and ehe has opened my eyes. I wouldn't have believed that a woman could have so much <evil in her." "The fact is," remarked the secretary, " you have been looking for your wife and have found her, and you wish her to live with you again and ehe refuses." "Live with her again 1" the man ex claimed with horror. " What! after all she has revealed to me. Good heavens, no 1 I shall kill her if I remain where she can pnt herself in my way. She is mad, X believe, though ehe does not look or speak like it. She wishes me to kill her. She vows that she will hannt and harass me ontil I do it, so that I shall end my life on the gallows. And so it will be, I feel sore and certain of it, if I am not able to put the wide eea between us, eo that we cannot come together again. For mercy's Bake, gentlemen!" andbeelasped his bands together and spoke as beseech ing as a man begging for his life, "don't refuse me what I am asking." " Ton will, have first to make out that yours is a case of exceptional treatment. To what do you attribute your wife's bit ter resentfalness ?" "I cannot account for it in any way but her being mad; but if you will kindly have patience to listen to me, you will be able to judge for yourselves." " I will be as brief as I can, bnt I maBt go back to the time when we were both single, and when she—my wife, I mean— was sweathearting with a fellow- clerk of mine in the same office; a young fellow named Taylor, and we were mnch of an age. Caroline Speed was my wife's mai den name, and we were all three members of the Mechanics' Institute, aud that is how we made acquaintance. "I wsb in love with Carrie from the i first time X saw her. X am not of a very ] bold disposition, and I kept my feelings to myself for a long time, until I thought that X might speak; aud when I did she laughed in a disdainful sort of way, and said that she must refer me to Seth Tay lor, my fellow-clerk. I never for a mo nent dreamt that there was anything be-! tween them, but when I asked Taylor he informed me otherwise. They had been keeping company in a quiet way, he told , me, for six months or more, and it was settled that they should get married as soon as he had saved money to make a de cent home for her. " He was getting only £80 a year, and my salary was £120, and feeling, perhaps, a little spiteful at what he told me, I re marked, ' I hope yon are in no hurry, Seth. How long do you think it will take yoo to save enough to buy a decent home, when at the outside you can'tpotby more than ten shillingsa week?' 'Well,' said he, * I have let you into one secret, Jack, and I will tell you another, but you must promise to keep it dark, for it would be the sack at a moment's notice if it came to the governor's ears. I have been do ing abit of betting on horse races, and I've been lucky at it. But you mustn't suppose that I'm such a fool as to believe m it as a means of increasing one's in come. I have a few pounds already, and mean to give them a chance to win me a little more, at all events. But ' never no more' after we are married, I promise you that' r , *• Well, gentlemen," continued John Lock, moistening his -dry lips with bis tongue tip, and with aoything but a nice look in his eyes, " knowing me only as what I appear on yonr books, you may not believe what I am going to aay. I admit that I felt the disappointment cruelly, and none the less, you mBy de pend, because it was one whom I might call my bosom friend had occasioned it. But I felt more on account of the second secret Seth had confided to me. I said nothing about it to him at the time, but that same night wrote him a letter, beg ging and imploring him to abandon gam bling, which would be sure, sooner or later, to end in his ruin. Nor did I think it my duty to keep horse-betting secret quite so close as I had promised to. "I went frank and disinterested to Miss Speed, and told her about it. I showed her the letter Seth had Bent me io reply to mine, and in which he Baid it was too late for me to preach for that week, any how, as he had put £3 on a hone for the St. Leger, and hoped to win £30 by it. I pointed ont to her the risk she was run ning in marrying such a man. She al ways was quick-tempered. I was cow ardly, mean, and the rest of it, and she would tell Seth that I had betrayed him. That was too much for my patience, and I told her that the information I had given her was in friendliness and confi dence, and that if ebe tried to make ill blood between me and Seth, wone than she imagined might perhaps come of it. So she kept a still tongue. ' "But worse came of it for all that. Seth'a luck at betting took a bad turn, as he himself told me, and he lost more than be had won, and he was strongly tempted to a crime I feel sure be would not other wise have committed or even thought of. Three £5 notes, the property of the firm, were missing from the desk. It was, of course, a very serious thing for me, and I had to do all I could to clear myself from suspicion. I suspected no one, and least all Seth ; but when I was closely ques tioned by the principal as to what I knew of the habits of my fellow- clerk I was compelled to tell the truth, and men tioned what I knew about Taylor betting ou horse races, and bis having lost money lately. He was questioned, and the re sult was that a police officer was called in, and on a search being made the atolen notes were discovered in Seth Taylor's cigar case, and he was tried for the rob bery and sent to prison for eighteen months. I was very near discharged for not making the firm aware that Seth was engaged in gambling, but, fortunately, the letter in which I had begged him to break off from the dangerous habit was found, and that was in my favour. "Seth, of course, declared that he was innocent, and went so far as to declare that somebody who had a private spite against him had placed the notes where they were discovered, and Carrie Speed who volunteered as a witness, related in court what transpired al the private inter view I had with her and how I had threat ened that if ehe made known to Seth what I had told her, worse would happen to him. " But the judge said it was monstrous to endeavour to put a false complexion on a perfectly innocent remark made by an intimate friend of the prisoner, and one who, as shown by the letter already men tioned, and proved tyFmself to be a good adviser. But it didnft matter much about Taylor's sentence beiajg such a severe one. He fretted himself topeath in prison, and only lived five months after his convic tion. *. ^ "I had not seen Carrie Speed onfce during the whole of that five months. I had no animosity against her, but I did not care to meet her again after the bsse insinuation she had made against me at the tri&L; But, to my surprise, shortly after Seth Taylor's death ahe wrote to me. It was was all over nqw, ehe said ; but her mind could get no rest until she had begged my forgiveness lor what she had done, since the longer she reflected on it i the more she was convinced that she had 1 misjudged me. There was a lot more in the letter to the same effect, and with which I need not trouble you. " You will easily understand that I was veiy much surprised and pleased as well. I made it my business to see her and tell her eo. All my old love for her came back when we met, and ehe was no longer disdainful. I was beside myself almost with delight at the prospect of winning her after all. " When a few weeks after our recon ciliation, I asked her to be my wife, she accepted my offer, in the quiet way that now seemed natural to her, and we were married. "She was not the fond and cheerful wife I expected to find her, but no woman could have been more patient and obe dient, or more devoted to my interests. A long time before, I had insured my life for £300. Nothing would satisfy my wife but that I ehould insure her life as well, and for twice as much as my polity stood for, and I made no objection. This was when we had been married not more than fonr months. A month after the insur DDQg had been made, her health ssb not so good as it had,been previously. She would be ill for 8<da& or two, and will be well again for, perhaps, a week, and then she would relapse. We lived in two apartments, and had do servant, and when she was ill I waited on her, and never made a trouble of it, for if ever a man loved a woman I loved her. " She gradually become more frequently unwell, and the doctpr, we called in seemed puzzled to mekp out what was the ' matter with her. A girl who was em ployed by oar landlady ''came in at odd times and gave her her medicine, and prepared anything she fancied in the way of food. The landlady was paid extra for this, bnt she gave the servant girl no more than her ordinary wages, so that what the latter did not done very willingly ; -andone daj^my wife asked me if I thoughtit possible that the girl eonld be wicked enough to tamper with her food out of spite. She had had some broth that day, she aaid, and she thought it tasted strangely. "I ridiculed the idea as a sick woman's fancy, hut tha^ q&me; afternoon I was fetched in e hinryrrom the office, the messenger bringing me the etertling news that my wife was very ill—near dying in fact—and that the maid servant had been given into custody on suspicion of having poisoned her. When I reached home 1 found such to be the case. | " It appeared that;during the morning the girl~had prepared my wife some arrow- , root from a packet I myself had brought the day previously, and she was imme diately afterwards—before she had emptied the cap, indeed—taken with snch violent pains that the doctor was sent for, and to him my wife mentioned ber suspicions of the servant. The doctor examined the remains of tile arrowroot in tbe cap, and thereby discovered each ample proof of guilt that the girl was Bt once arrested. " Happily the prompt remedy that was adopted averted the dauger, and that same evening my wife was able to see and reply to the questioning of the police in spector who had visited us. X was at the bedside the whole time, end heard all that was B&id; as to the strange taste my wife had for some time past detected in the food the girl had given her. The in spector wished to see the cupboard in which the food was kept, and moved se veral articles from the shelves himself, and took possession of them. " As X have told you, we occupy only two rooms, and the cupboard was in the sitting-room. We were alone there, exa mining the things in the cupboard, when he suddenly turned on me with the ques tion, * Do you yourself ever keep poison in the house!' " X replied thst I never did. If I kept any,' said I, * you may de pend that I should keep it safely locked away.' ** * To be sure yon would, and yon would keep the keys safe in your pocket. Are they there now V " I at once produced my little bunch of private keys, and told him they were never out of my own possession. He took them in his hand. | ' Don't be alarmed,' said be, * but I have a particular wish to have a peep in side any drawer or box they will unlock. Have you any objection T ' "X advanced to snatch my keys from ; him and demand his authority for taking ; such a liberty. But be had come all pre pared. Taking out hiB pocket-book he showed me a search warrant. X had raised my voice angrily, and so, as I sap posed, alarmed my wife in the next room. She bad hastily slipped on a dressing, gown and came in to where we were. She was white as paper, bat calm enough. I was not. I was trembling with rage and indignation. I explained to my wife what it was the police inspector wanted to do. " * Well, where's the harm 7 she said, innocently. 'There can be nothing, my dear, that you wish to conceal, or that yon need be afraid of.' I could "say no more. "There were only three things thst were locked in the room—the two drawers of a writing-table, and a desk that stood on a sideboard. The desk contained only a few private paper*, including the two insnraDce policies, spd it was weeks since I I bad opened it. That was the first thing the inspector unlocked, my wife and my self looking on. In one corner there was i a small linen bag, half full, which I had never seen before, and in my wonderment I made some exclamation and put my hand towards it. Bub the inspector was j too quick for me. Hwing secured it, he ! put his finger and thtimu into the bag and took out a bnnch of st$ff it contained and 1 held it. up to the light J1 fh ' ' "'It is salt, isn't; it?' my wife re marked. ' 1' The same kind of salt, ma'am, that your arrowroot was seasoned with, if X am not mistaken,* tbe inspector answered, as he carefnlly tied np the bag again ; ' this is arsenic.' ' Hearing this, my {wife shrank from me with a look of horror, and without a word went back to the (bedroom, while I, feeling stunned or like! one in a dream, was taken away to the ^>olice-Btation. ' I have already tripd your patience, gentlemen, with my long story, and I will not trouble you with |be terrible details of what followed. I was committed for trial for tbe attempted ^murder. It was shown that with my small salary I had in sured my wife's life for £600, and tbe doctor was called to prove that within a month the symptoms, which were consis- : tent with slow poisoning, began to appear. It was shown that the packet of arrowroot in the cupboard and the bast tea essence, which were intended forfmy wife's ex clusive use, were already poisoned ; sndl could not deny my own declaration to the police inspector that the key of the desk where the little bsg of arsenic was dis covered was ifever out of my possession. " Yon may fee sure that tbe prosecution did not fail u> point out how roach'my guilt was increased by my cunning, at tempt to put the crime on the innocent servant girl ; and the end of it was that I oas sentenced to ten years' penal servi tude. ' As I have already informed you, I never from {the time of my" conviction re ceived any communication from my wife which of course added mhch to the bitter ness of my cruel punishment, since it put beyood doubt that she believed roe goilty, and scores of times I prayed that I might die in prison like Seth Taylor. But my consciousness of innocence supported me, and I Uved jthrough it ■ ' And now comes the most terrible part of my strange tale. I never thought to see my wife again, but pn my way here thiB morning I met with her. 1 did not know ber at first, ebe looked so old and altered. It was a joyful moment when I beheld her, .and I put out both my hands, bat she clasped hers behind ber, and there was relentless hatred in her eyes. " Carrie!" I aaid, 1 can it be that you have all along and still think me guilty ?' There was no wasting of words between ns. " With no one to overhear ns," she said, ' listen to what I have come on pur poae to tell you. I know of no guilt of yours but one—your murder of the man I loved.- It was for .that I married you, that I might be well revenged.' And then she told me bow she herself had planned the poisoning for which I had been tried and convicted. It was she who had procured the arsenic, and with a false key placed it in the desk where it was fonnd ; she who had mired the poison with the food. '' To carry out the fiendish design she had taken some doses of the deadly stuff and finally a large though not a fatal dose, so as to make it abundantly clear that it was thy villianous intention to murder her so as to obtain the insurance money. "And still with no jbne to hear us," said she, ' let me tell yon that it was not that you mjght be sentenced for a paltry ten years that I ran the deadly risk. I hoped you would have been sent away for twice as long—for your life, perhaps.; But I have not done, with you yet, John Lock. To be rid of me you will have to kill me. I will goad you to it, and die happy, knowing that yon end your life on the gallows." I have nothing to add to John Lock's strange story, and the reader is as well able as myself to judge if there was any truth io it, or whether it was a ro mantic fabrication on the ex-convict's part to excite sympathy. Enquiry, I believe, was made for his wife, bur she had been lost sight of for years, and was nowhere to be found ; while, as for John himself, at his most earnest request, and to the last persisting in the statement he had made, he was shipped to America. 