LOVE BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: ( Copyright ./ AN INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT. BY OSCAR PARK. CHAPTER III. STRAINED RELATIONS. They were to start, at eleven the next morning. To a message from Mrs. Burdick, asking Miss Mowbray whether she .would-' not go with them, tiie girl had sent an affirmative answer. It was a visit she had wished to make, but she had not wished that Signor Marconti should he of their party. She felt annoyed that Mrs. Burdick should have mentioned the proposed excursion while he was present, and .yet she was not so unjust as to visit upon that ladyeventhe gentlest of reproaches, i t was unfortunate ; that was all. Signor Marconti had plainly not lost a certain real or assumed devotion, which had declared itself some months before when lie had met Iter in London, and which offended her without her being able to say clearly why, beyond the fact that it was dis tasteful. " Nothing in the nature of a proposal had ever been made to her by him, ami she could not say Ihat at any moment of their ac quaintance this man's conduct was other than that of a gentleman, making allowances for the differences of expression belonging respectively to the Saxon and Latin races. Nevertheless, in all liis intercourse with her there was a warmth which chafed her constantly, though it never ap proached a limit where she felt justified in resent ing it. It seemed to her now that she did not care to make one of tlic. party to the catacombs if he, too, was to he of it ; andslie had quite made up her mind that she would remain with her father for the day. Not that there was any necessity for her services. He always declared peevishly to every such offer of hers,' that his servant suited hiiu better than anyone else. She went to his sitting-room when she. left the party in the — "drawing-roan and gave him an account of the evening. She concluded it by saying "They are all going to the Catacombs to- morrows and for a drive on the Campagua and lunch. They asked me to go, but I prefer not." He had not looked at her or spoken during her account. Now with his eyes still 011 the wood fire before liim lie asked — " Who are to go, do you say ?" "Mr. and Mrs. Burdick, Mr. Thorndon, Signor Marconti, and the young gentleman who spoke to usin the Forum to-day, Mr. Dormsen." " I wish you to go with tliern." She looked at him in surprise. He never spoke in this way hut for some reason of weight with liim, and she could not conceive what it might portend. But her response to Mrs. Biudick's inquiry was— "Yes, I shall go with you." There were two carriages for the party, and as they drew up at the doors of the hotel Signor Marconti stepped eagerly forward to assist Miss Mowbray ami secure a place by her side. Her eyes had caught the movement, and she impulsively turned to Dormsen, who stood near her, and said, " Will you ride with Mis. Burdick and me, Mr. Dormsen Dormsen, with a quick flush of pleasure, stepped before the Italian without noticing the purpose of the latter, over whose face passed an angry scowl. But Dormsen saw nothing of it, and, after assist ing the ladies to their places, followed them into the carriage. The second carriage held the other three gentlemen. They drove down the modern Via Nationale with its monotonous rows of tall and ugly buildings ; through the narrow streets of the older and poorer quarters between the Capi- toline and tiie Qmrinal ; near the spot where Tarquinia drove her chariot over the dead body of her father ; past the grim arches of the Colosseum ; then between the gardened slopes of the Palatine and Cielius, and the waste lauds of this deserted quarter of Rome ; through the ancient walls by the gate of St. Sebastian and into the Appian Way. They halted where a gateway opened 011 a broad gravel walk. "I have arranged," said Signor Marconti, as they all stood together at the entrance, "for a more extended walk through the Catacombs than visitors usually have." They passed 011 to the steep stairway, made at some recent date for a move commodious descent to the passages below. To each was given a long lighted taper, ami presently they stood far under ground on the uneven surface of the uppermost' of these disntal tunnels. Everyone knows, at least by description, the general features of the Catacombs, hut no one can conceive except by personal ex- perience the horrible depression which ever gathers weight as you wind onward in that in terminable grave. Upon all our party there came a sudden silence, as the last raj' of sunlight faded- and their fitful torches. threw strange, ghost-like gleams into the channelled spaces, branching ever and anon from right and left as thejr advanced, or on some pallid hones and skulls grinning at t-lieni from the opened niches they were passing. . Tliey were walking in a tunnel, whose roof rose scarcely above their heads ; the floor uneven aud rugged ; the walls so close together in places that their clothing almost touched on each side the rudely excavated stone. On they went, turning and winding, now 011 a sharp descent, and even, as it seemed, plunging deeper and deeper into the depths of the earth. 1 1 became too fearful to 'endure in silence, and a gaiety that was evidently forced and unnatural echoed along the galleries. A remark, which could be tortured into the sem blance of a jest, would arouse peals of laughter. To think in silence was torture. The place was enough like a tomb, without those endless graves, to shake the stoutest heart unfamiliar with its horrors ; hut to everyone the uncofnned skeletons half disclosed from amid their black shadows under the passing glimmer of the tapers emphasised the terrors of the place. That mail or woman must have a heart- of stone, a spirit of wood, who can go unmoved through the Cata combs. lie is not a coward who shrinks from it, and whose lip pities in those hideous vaults ; hut he who really feels the nameless terroi and endures it is blessed with li courage of generous proportions. "Shall it never end ?" muttered Christopher Dormsen to himself, as they seemed to go deeper . and deeper. He alone of them all appeared to have 110 licart even for the affected hilarity of the others. A cold perspiration caught the light in innumerable tiny drops all over liis face and ; forehead. It was not the warmth of that i underground air, for he shivered from time to tiiiio as though chilled. It weighed upon liim j more horribly than a nightmare, from which we ' struggle iu vain tobefreed. Theclose walls seemed to press upon liis lungs, and the breath came laboured as. with an effort-. To hitn it was uot the consciousness of the uses to which these awful ; pits were put ; not the graves and their fleshless bones that made the torture so great, but the sense of confinement, of suffocation, of slow death in hopeless gasps for air. He did not speak. Ho heard the voices — the laughter of the others, as in a dream one hears the speech of others from some vast distance. liis mind caught 110 sense of what was said. . ; He was walking just In front of Miss Mowbray : and behind Marconti, who was following the guide, ; Mr. Burdick was the last. 1 lis interest was not so keen as to make it probable lie would wander from the party, so that they- were very sure to remain 1 a compact body , while he was the last and the guide first. Some remark of Miss Mowbray's caused the Italian to tut 11 towards her,- aiid, as lie did so, his eyes fell on Donnscn's face. It was impossible that his keen vision should not detect the other's dis tress. His glance rested but an instant on Dormsen,and he turned back again and walked on without speaking, though he hud clearly looked behind him with the purpose of making some reply to Miss Mowbray, liis bloodless lips became com pressed, and his eyes peered down the unexplored j passages they passed with a vindictive light which I was certainly not roused by the empty gloom into ' which they looked.' There are men .with whom ; fancies rise into the dignity of facts Upon tiie . unaided impulse of their own passions. \\\ c think ' ordinarily that motives to deeds of wrong must \- he justified to the common sense of mankind ; hut, as always when we generalise, we make our rale too narrow, or omit to allow , for the excep tions. Audit is trite to say tliafc 111 110 field of. possible knowledge are exceptions so many ami so inexplicable as to our general rules of mental 'phenomena. Mr. Burdick, front liis post at the rear, gave assurance from time to lime of his presence. His voice now sounded along the line before liim, though muffled by the close and winding walls and roof. " What a dreadful waste of labour this is i Couldn't tliev grow mushrooms down here ? " ' Mr. Burdick," said his wife reproachfully, " you are incorrigible. 1 believe you would turn the cathedrals into wiue vaults if you could have four way," 1\. "No. no." he auswored i "they dout usf J these things for any purpose now— except fo» 5 exercise." " Yes, if this fellow walks us about much. , more," said Thermion, in a somewhat indignunt tone, " 1 shall wish we had one of yout waggons down- here, Mr. Burdick, to take us back. I think we have walked a couple of miles iato these endless holes, and they are all quite alike ' for anything 1 can see. One group of galleries and shelves and family vaults ami bones it just like another group. How tliev ever got to their own, or distinguished it when they did to it, is more than 1 Ciin understand. " He had scarcely spoken, when ft sudden turn brought them to the foot of the steps by which they had entered, and a glimmer of daylight broke upon them. Without retracing any of their steps, but by a wide circuit, they had again reached thft entrance. When they stood once more in the day light even the least sensitive among them felt the relief— the dear boons of light and untram- j melled space. Dormsen walked quickly away i towards the waiting carriages, and Mr. Burdick followed hitn, leaving the others chattering over the strange experience with a rebound to joyous life that was no longer affected. Dormsen stood with uncovered head, wiping the moisture from his forehead aftd jumting hard as though from some severe physical or mental strain, when Mr. Burdick came up to liim. " It. shames Ine," said Dormsen, apologetically, " that 1 am so much affected by- that grave." "Oh, nonsense!" was the rejdy, "we all felt queer. It's an uncomfortable hole, or series of holes rather. But I followed you up because 1 wanted to ask you something. You'll excuse me, 1 know. I'm a blunt fellow and usually say what 1 think, anil ask any questions that come into my head. Do you know this Italian, Mr. — what's his name— Marconti ! " " I saw him yesterday, after the table d'hote, the first time. I do not know him more." "Has he any grudge against you — dislike you for anything, you know ? Ever get in his way ? " " How could it he, Air. Burdick ? No, I am sure not. We have nothing in common ; 110." " Well, lie looked at you once while we were down in tiie Catacombs, as though he would like to bury you there and leave you. If 1 was in your place I would keep an eye on him, unless 1 was prepared to let him have liis own way." The others were coming up to tliern, Signor Marconti walking with Miss Mowbray behind Airs. Burdick and Mr. Thorndon. "I hoped to have come in the carriage with you, MissWlowhray," lie was saying. "Do you think I should have "joined your party for the society of. the English enmtye or the American ? " " They are my friends, Signor Marconti. I hope you will speak well of them, or at least not ill, whatever you may think." "No, pardon, Miss Mowbray ! Not your 'friends.' There cannot he a common ground between you and them. You cannot think their thoughts? And the- other — Monsieur Dormsen — he is a boj' ; hut I envied him his privilege." He was watching her face closely, and saw the quick flush which overspread it and faded _ as quickly again. He placed his own interpretation upon it, but in fact it onljr arose because his words recalled her impulsive act, by which she had spared herself this man's companionship in the ride. There was no opportunity for more. They had reached the carriages and were soon seated and on their way to their picnic ground, which was to be under the shadow of the arches of one of the Aqueducts, whose long lines stretch across the Campagua. It was in deference to a whim of Air. Biudick's that the place was selected. To liiin these waterways were fascinating in proportion to theirabsurdity. It was one of the mildest, of the Roman winter days, and the shadows tempered the warmth of the sun with their welcome shelter. The rolling level of the Campagna stretched away 011 all sides ; here to the haze hovering above the sea ; there to the long, gray walls of the .ancient city ; and before them— to right and left — to the foot of the Alban mountains and the Sabine hills. Tiie fresh grass sprang in thick tufts about the foot of the massive pillars of the Aqueduct, and green lizards Hashed here and there among the leaves or over the grey stones. No sound of life reached them. Beyond and within the circle of those dis tant walls what life had throbbed for long ages ! And there along the line of the Appian AVay lay the. ruined tombs of those who had walked the streets of the marble city long before the walls now looked upon were built. And all about lajr the desolate fever-plagued wastes, where once had been blooming gardens and waving fields of corn. "How much more vividly," exclaimed Clara Mowbray, "I can picture the old life of Rome when I get away from its distracting mixture of all the centuries", and only see its great walls from a spot like this. My fancy can put what it will behind them now." " I could be more enthusiastic about it," half grumbled Thorndon, " if they had made their water-pipe tight. That is the second drop this Aqueduct has leaked into my neck." " Oh, this sort of tiling," said Mr. Burdick, glancing up at- the old arch above them with a look of disgust, " this sort of tiling is a sham. When 1- think of the general inutility of such a contrivance, and the shameful waste of labour and money in " "Mr. Burdick!" interrupted his wife," have you any conception of the delight of an unalloyed holiday?" "Or of conversation without vulgarity," said Marconti, in a tone pitched so low as only to reach the ear of Clara. Mowbray, near whom he had placed himself. "It is better than coarseness," she answered, without looking at him. He bit his lip and turned presently to Dormsen. "And you, Mr. Dormsen, you find this expanse move generous than the Catacombs of St. Cal- listus." " Yes, the Catacombs were appalling. I shall uot. repeat inj' visit-." "Tliey are not. pleasant, Mr. Dormsen. It is not pleasant to be lust in them, should you think?" "'Why do j'ou suggest' such a horror?" asked Miss Alowbray. "Has it ever happened?" Mrs. Burdick iu- quired, with a shudder. "Ah, yes! 1 will shew Air. Dormsen some daj'," he said, .as he turned again to that youug man, " something interesting in one of the Cata combs. I will take, him to the spot where a man once perished in awful agonw A few steps more would have brought liim to the light, but he died iu the darkness and loneliness and horror of his sure fate." Dormsen rose and walked away without reply ing. Marconti looked after liim with a sinister smile on his lijts, which Air. Burdick noted, if 110 one else did. Clara Mowbray was conscious that some spirit, not altogether a fitting guest, tit a pic nic, was niovingiti their midst, but thefeeliiigpassed as the lunch progressed, and a more jovial temper asserted itself among them all. Even Marconti yielded to its influence, though that was not so remarkable perhaps, since his was a nature that could plot and parley at the same time. Ami Donnsen, while he never could he wliollj himself with a spirit so antagonistic to his own breathing the same atmosphere with him, yet felt, as he could not help feeling, the influence of the bright day and gonial- air and, more than all bcsiucs, the delight of a companionship which was beginning to move him with strange force. Bo the early after noon wore on and the shadows were growing towards the east when they started on their rcturii drive. iTo be cojtluuia!-,) a laxolaoy was com pluming runt sue couldn't make both ends meet. " Well," said a border, "why not. make one end vegetables ?" Haity is the. father whose children are so young that he can delude them into the belief that the pro cession is all th'ere is of the circus. Sir.VBtt dollars with holes in them are painfully numerous, - biit. they are uot. half so painfully numerous as holes without, any silver dollars around tbein. As Englishman went, to New York and put up a sign Established in 1804," and rather prided him self upon the antiquity of his establishment.. The next.- day his Yankee rival across the way burlesqued, his sign in this way: " Established yesterday. No old goods 011 hand." A uttl.k fellow live years old, who had been wear ing undershirts much too small for him, was one day, after having been washed, put into a garment as much too large as the other had been too small. Our six-yea I'-oId'shrugged his shoulders, shook himself, walked around, and finally burst out with, "Ala, I do feel awful lonesome in this shirt ! H auy aud students aro organising a total absti nence society, " free from pledges, bigotry, and importunity," and based on " common sense, self- respect, and gentlemanliness," The society will favour total abstinence, but, a member will be allowed freely to withdraw from the organisation whenever he finds the practice of its principle too much for him, 