Scenes on the Rhine. Julian Hawthorno Writs:; of Cologne and Bonn. Tho Most Mtignlflcont Specimen of Gothic Architecture in tUo World Tlio Hint1 lation of a BIonU's Corpf.o nnd What CtKio of If* It was quite dark long before wo reaohef Cologne, writes Julinu Huwthnrno ; in fact it waa near midnight, aud nothing could br Gcen &s; wo approached the city bat lights, gradually multiplying. ? Tho groat cathedral waB invisible, but when wo e? merged from tho railway station, behold I there it rose directly over our heads, a mighty cliff of oarven etono ascending to end lositip itself in the darknessof themidniglitsuy. We gnzed and clambored into our wr fwona and were driven around tho Zulicho l'Jntz (which contains not only tho catbcdn.1, but tho establish ments of tho various firms which profess to sell tho only genuine cologno water), and through Borne narrow and devionB streets to our hotel, situated about a quarter of a mile away. After a mouthful of cupper there was nothing for tho moment as bed, and to bed wo went. Our beds were of tho familiar Ger man pattern, chert and narrow, with a wedge-shaped pillow and a wadded coverlid ; but wo slept tho dreamless Eleep of exhaus tion. Tho next morninc we took tho train to tho university town of Bonn, twenty miles away. As we left Cologne and got out into tho plain the vast mass of tho oathedral, with its twin towera, rose higher arid higher above the roofa of tho surrounding city until at length the city sunk altogether out of flight and tho cathedral alono remained and. possessed the horizon. Tho proportions of this wonderful structure- are bo perfect that it is impossible, while, in its immediate vicinity, to realise itsonormoua dimensions. They aro revealed only by distance, but when they are revealed tbcyalmoBt eurpaEB cipeotatione. It is be yond question the most magnificent of gotbic architecture that tho world has ever seen— ono of tho few creations of man that abso lutely satisfy tho craven of the human rninA for perfection. Bonn is ono of the prettiest ot university towne, with long, shady avenuea and handsome villas in the outskirts. Tho collego building!! ore of tho simplest architec ture. The broad Rhine, of a yellowish green hue, hurries by on one; aido, and a few miles farther up rises tho mountain of tbo Dracheufels, with its ruined eastlo on tho summit. At tho little church on the hill near Bonn thero waa a wide view over a broad and fer tile plain for tho members 'of the expedition that visited it. Tha cathedral roso like a distant mountain peak on tho horizon. Tbo Rhino flowed through the landscape in a long curvo, and along ila banks crept three or four regiments nf hussara engaged in some drill maccuuvres. There wero masses of clouds in tho nky and tihadows and sunshino flitted across the face of the earth. A fresh westerly breeze wna blowing anil tho at mosphere wns exhilarating. Wo descended in tho arypt of the ohurob, whore tho dead monltG lay in coilins on each sido of the dark end narrow vault. The (leah had dried on 3 ehiivelled upon their bones, and their garments had partly orum bled to pieces with ago, but tho expression and oharacter of eaub face was preserved, and tho sight, strange to say, was not disagree able Tho withered faces had an aspect ot profound peace. Each figure lay with bis hands, foldod across his brnaEt. Ono of them, however, had died of loclijaw, and hia mouth was wido open, giving him a moat singular and grotocque appearance. There watt nleo a Btory connected with this indi vidual. An Englishman with a mania foi relics bad broken ofi a thumb from this body '4D.lL parried it away, but many years after ward hTTau^6EVVir-lwok.with the request that it bo restored to its prop'er~onrn~iK r%tuL adding that miefortuno had puroued him ever sinca bo had committed tho robbery. Tho ghost of the outraged monk had given him no reet, So there lies tho thumb on the withered brcnet, and tbo latter ia preserved in tho archives ol the ohuroh. Tha amiable little priest who told us tho legend smiled at ua as he told it wish a childish pleasure in this confirmation of tbo reality of his re ligion. It waa a memorable scene — the dark orypt, lighted only by tho lantern in the hands of our guide, tho dusky oorpscs in tbeiz open coffins and ths eilont crowd gaising end listening. Returnirjg to Bonn we got into a rivei Bteamor, under the guidnnco and by the in vitation ol tho American Consul nt Oologno, a gentleman who throughout treated us with tho utmost cordiality and attention, tnd proceeded up the river to the Draohenfele. The ruin of Drachonfolti shows the &mas;* ing massivenGSB with whioh the old builder* built. Only a fragment of the town remains, rising straight up from tha vertical faoo of the precipico for sixty feet, but ao true are tho lines and so ponderous the workmanship that it may well stand an it is now for an other thousand ycaro. Wo clambered and rambled over it, and tho photographer took our photographs, and we made very merry in tbo old robber stronghold, wbero the noble robbers themselves had been merry centuriea before. But the hour came when we must depart, and before long wo found ourselves baok in Cologne, with tho memory of a day on the Rhino that will never fade away. 