The Open Sore of New South Wales. A SERMON PREACHED IN ST. ANDREW'S CATHE DRAL, SYDNEY, AUGUST 8, 1892, BY the BEV. F. B. BOYCE. ".It ia good neither to eat flesh, nor to drink wine, nor anything whereby thy brother stnmbleth, or is offended, or is made weakî"-KOMA»s xiv., 21. One of the great battles for humanity was over the abolition of slavery. The trade in the flesh and blood of men and women had its attendant horrors. The struggle was long and severe ; vic tory only came through the devotion, self-sacri fice, and enthusiasm of those who worked for the freedom of every slave on British soil. Tho struggle is now a matter of history, and the monu ment is the freedom and betterment of millions of human being B. EVILS AND SLAVERY. The sale of strong drink has also its attendant horrors. There is an analogy. Joseph Cook recently said, " The Lords of the Lash never worked, or whipped, or burned or starved to death as many victims as the liquor traffic now destroys every year." In New South Wales men and women were daily stumbling by drink, inasmuch as it was productive of many kinds of sin, and the victims who were logion were bitterly suffering. Drink is the warm ally of vice and social impurity. Think of those upstairs private bars in this great city ! It was the parent of two-thirds of our crime. Have not three successive holders of the office of Chief Jus tice affirmed this P It has wrecked the homes and blasted the lires of thousands. Intemperance is not by any means our only national vice, but it stands out as one of Satan's mightiest agents for destroying men. DEATHS. Last year there were 164 inquests in the colony over those whose deaths were due to intemper ance. A medical man of large practice in this city told me that they were not one-tenth of the whole. Disease, he said, was often caused by the drink, and was in many cases the foundation of death. The public knew nothing of the root of the sickness, and the disease was attributed in the certificate to some other cause. Allowing the inquests over the victims to be one tenth of the whole, we have an average of over four deaths a day in New South Wales through drink. Is not king alcohol a ruthless destroyer P What other vice is so deadly or other sword so keen P Pour precious lives and many precious souls slain daily 1 Alcohol can laugh at influenza or smallpox. . A GREAT PROCESSION. But observe- the convictions every year for drunkenness, and the same with riotous behavior. Last year they numbered, according to Mr. Coghlan, 20,323. After allowing for convictions, it was a fairly-sized army. How can I illustrate this number ! Look at tue annual procession on eight-hour day in this city. It is over a mile long. Nearly 10,000 workmen walk through the streets. They are all well dressed, stalwart, respectable fellows, representative of the result of honest toil; there are bands, flags, and splendid banners. It is a sight that should strongly excite admir ation. Now, change the scene. The drunkards of this colony might forma procession equally long, but how sadly different. They are a broken down lot, poorly clothed-some in rags-with the air of misery around them. There are many signs that health has been destroyed and educa tion misused. There are no flags, or banners, or bands-worst oE all, there are a couple of thou sand women in the ranks, many of whom have borne the sacred name of mother. It is a long line of Fooial wrecks. What a procession for any country to have ! What a dismal picture ! Alas ! that it should be possible. MONEY. We are'now suffering from a severe commercial depression, and hundreds. are seeking work with out avail. Special collections hare been made, and the tender-hearted have been touched by tales of want and suffering. It is impossible to Bay how far this has been brought about. Are not two-thirds of our poverty commonly due to drink? Thiß is an excep tional time, and drink has aggravated the diflioulty. I ask, would not our people have been much better off had there not been ¿£5,275,170 spent in drink last year P Was not this wild extravagance ? Political economists tell us the money less the duty was a distinct waste, while one, the late William Hoyle, said the indirect loss was equal to the direct. I will not dwell upon this point, as it rather belongs to the econo mist, but it stands out boldly as of-immenBe im portance to all who recognise thrift as a Christian duty. It appeals specially to those who wish to see our asylums emptied and biting poverty banished. A PERIOD OT? SEVEN YEARS. It is very common to speak of the injury to colonists for one year only. It is, however, fairer to estimate it by a Beries. The loss of one year is often felt long afterwards. What is the total loss in, Bay, seven years P Multiply the convictions for drunkenness hy seven, again the deaths through drink, again the other woeB that darken the path of alcohol, and then one has a wider and dearer view of the infinite loss and irreparable damage. Livingstone spoke of slavery in Africa aa the open sore of the world, and may not I, in view of all this, speak of intemperance aa the great open Bore of New South Wales. WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAT ? We pass on. There must be a remedy for the present distress. Should the Church of Christ tolerate a Bystem that is the right hand of sin and the sire of countless woes. She will not, nay, she must not, do HO. What does the Bible tell us ? And hore let us note that in the days of the prophets and apostles there was no strong drink like ours. It was the days of wines'of varied strength. Brandy and rum are later inventions, i Nor was there any elabórate licensing system like i we have now. What would apostles and prophets say if they lived-in the 19th century ? Time will not permit me to even review the controversy as to fermented and un fermented wine, and as to whether God's word enjoins total absti nence. The question is a wide one. It suffices to say that it is beyond doubt that the pure juice of the grape was often used. Did not the chief butler say, " I took the grapes and pressed them into Fharoah's cup, and I gave the cup into Pharoah's hand." In fact, there are no less than ten words in tho original, all translated by the word "wine," and the inquirer has to ex amine the different shades of meaning- before he can tell whether intoxicating or un- intoxicating wine is referred to. We have, however, in both the Old and New Testaments at least, one text favoring abstinence. Solomon says, " Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth his color in the cup, when it moveth itself aright. At the last it biteth like a serpent, and Btingeth like an adder." And our own text comes home to us with a hundred times greater force to day than when St. Paul penned the lines, because the evils are intensified : " It is good neither to eat flesh or to drink wine, or to do anything whereby thy brother stumbleth or is offended, or IB HIÛ(3G T70älc " SOME ILLUSTRIOUS ABSTAINERS. God's word also furnishes examples of ab stainers. The Nazarites were to separate them selves from wine and strong drink from their infancy. Samson, of marvellous physique, was a Nazarite, hence an abstainer (Judges xiii, 7). Samuel, who ruled Israel for 40 years, belonged to the same order. John the Baptist, again, and our Lord Jesus says, "A greater hath not risen among men," than he, was a Nazarite. His drink was the water of the desert. Daniel, when a youth, was an abstainer. He "purposed in hiB heart that ne would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine that he drank." Sbadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, his three friends, joined in his request that they might have Bimple food and water to drink. It was granted. In 10 days their faces-were fresher and f airer than those who partook of the king's fare. These were brave yoting men whose names Bhould ever be mentioned with honor. Dare to be a Daniel ! Daniel rose and ruled. See him late in life on the night when Belshazzar and his lords were slain. They had had a drunken revel. . Who had not lost his wit6.P Daniel ! He was brought into the banqueting hall to read the mysterious handwriting on the wall. Watch him as one with i his presence of mind among the terrified, as the I temperate among the intemperate, as the blessed among the doomed, and we see .God's finger pointing to him as the true man, as a great and heroic soul. SOME REGIMENTS IN THE TEMPERANCE ARMY. Thank God, we have to-day thousands"in this country who are abstainers. They see very plainly that men stumble, that some are offended and many made weak by wine. It is a principle with them founded upon a many-sided experi ence that abstinence is right. They long to see this great open sore healed and our country happier and richer, in all that -is good and noble. They are in different regiments, there is our Church of England Temperance Society-a branch should exist in every parish with its liberal basis; there is the Women's Christian Temperance Union, a noble band, and representative of the sex that chiefly suffers; there are the Good Templars with their clearly denned organisation j there are the Sons of Tem perance containing many of our veterans, there are the Rechabites, descendants in spirit of Jonadab, the son of Rechab; there is a regiment attached to nearly each of the other churches. Again, there are many who belong to ho regiment, but would fight more successfully when enlisted, as unity is strength. These are forces warring against the devil's greatest friend, and the Lord of Hosts is with them. ' My brethren, join the ranks, and honestly do your share in the battle. SOME TEMPERANCE TRIUMPHS. ' Looking afield, we see national victories to cheer us here. . We can point to communities in which the drink is outlawed and with the happiest results. Can we not point to Bessbrook and Shaftsbury Park in the mother land ? In the States the white flag of prohibition-also floats serenely over Maine, Vermont, Iowa, Kansas, and the Dakotas. Look also at the triumphs through full local option, which is your policy. It has placed under prohibition, by the vote of a free people, half the State of Arkansas, half the State of Maryland,' and the greater part of Rhode Island. It has brought under prohibition 81 towns in Connecticut, and over 300 towns in Massachusetts; 41 counties out.of 74in Missiesipi ; 62 counties out of 102 in Missouri; 23 out of 63 counties in Michigan; and 101 counties ont of 166 in Georgia. The last triumph and not the least notable is in the world's fair, the Chicago Exhibi tion, being also under prohibition. The site is within a district in which the people, by local option, had voted out the drink, and the American Senate haB upheld the law. Turning from our American cousins, to our Canadian brothers, we see that through full local option, upwards of under that snow-white flag of prohibition. Surely these are victories won during the past few years that should oheer our hearts and nerve us to energetic action. In this colony, a full Local Option Bill is tobe intro ! duoed at once, by which if passed, people may Dominion reduce the liquor traffic or enact prohibition. It demands the earnest support ot erny sincere re former. It will be an effective cure far the open sore. THE SIN OP INDIFFERENCE. Let us be in earJtst. The church is not nearly awake yet to her duty, let us try to rouse her from half-heartedness to energy. Can we coldly look on or pass by on the other side in the presence of such evils as I have depicted ? Is not the let alone policy a very sinful one ? Will God bless your inaction ? He cannot. These evils are ever present to us and must not be ignored. My mind raverta to à solitary case. ANOTHER CASE. One of the handsomest girls in the country district marries the wealthy son of an old and re spected Australian family. Hope of happiness sat crowned at the bridal. The young man, how ever, was fond of the glass, and the desire for drink grew upon him by small degrees as it so often does, and the oraving became stronger and stronger. Seven years passed and he had become a confirmed drunkard. Children had been born. Deep was the lore of the wife, but the big back skeleton in the house had chased happiness away. The man's property became involved. One night i he was returning home very late alone and in toxicated. He fell from his horse and was killed. Great was the grief, and long was he mourned over. The young wife declared war against alcohol. She was overcome and crushed by her irreparable loss, and the light of her life seemed gone. Troubles follow, and paralysis seizes her. She is on a bed of sickness for years. A second attack comes, and it was clear that the poor, worn-out body could not last much longer. Friends try to nourish and comfort her, but the end came. It is the last week, and the doctor ordered brandy as a tonic, but she would not touch it. She refused help from that which ' had killed her husband 1 Was the sword that pierced hie heart to be kissed by her P Was sha to make peace with the enemy of her house P No. Even when brandy or wine was introduced info food and she detected it, she pushed it from her. Still resting on this rock of total abstinence and with a clear faith in Christ her Lord she died. Two lives were thus sacrificed, and the children were made orphans in a cold world. Oh, drink I what hast thou not to answer for? BUghtad hopes, misery, disease, and death, linked hand ia hand, all follow in thy path, and march.on doing; their inhuman work ! ' CONCLUSION. ! Let us be very faithful. The vice of drunken ness will only be conquered by imitating the valiant heroes of gthe anti-slave trade agitation." Men and women'Yaust work to heal the great open sore with all*their might. " They should have faith in the God of Battles, and pray that the Holy Ghost may inspire them to work successfully for the deliverance from the yoke, and they should close their ranks against the monarch« alcohol. -Nor must they'put aside their arms till death comes, unless they know that alcohol ia completely overcome. May they fight on WI success is assured- " till th© war drum throbs no longer and the battle flag is furled "-and suffer ing humanity is emancipated from the thraldom, of Btrong drink. The harder the struggle the more glorious will be the viotory. Wo say in the language of Charles Mackay : AW the dawning, tongue and pen : Aid it; hopes ot' honest men ; Aid it paper- aid it type Aid it for the hour is ripe» ? ¡' . And our earnest musc not blacken Into play ; lien of thought and men of action Clear the way I 