WELCOME TO THE REV. CHARLES BRIGHT. A public meeting was held on Tuesday evening, June 7, In the Norwood Baptist Church to welcome to South Australia the Bev, Charles Bright, who has come over from Sydney to take charge of the Norwood Baptist Church. There was a crowded attendance, over which Mr. C. H. Goode presided. On tlie platform were a number of gentlemen representing different Churches and Christian Societies. The CHAIRMAN apologized for the absence of Mr. G. S. Fowler, who was confined to his bed with a severe cold. He joined in the hearty welcome which was to be extended to Mr. Bright that night. The Bev. S. MEAD, ALA., LL.li., heartily wel comed Mr. Bright here on behalf of the City Churches and the Missionary Seciety. He also wel comed him on behalf of the students present, and to come as be would be able to lend his valuable aid in preparing the young students for the ministry. He also welcomed him as a co-worker in the good work they were all carrying on. Mr. J. HOOPER, on behalf of the Church and congregation of the Norwood Baptists, said it was a red-letter day for Norwood. It was not the first time that Mr. Bright had been here, for some years ago he preached in the same Church, and the im pression be left bad not been forgotten. He looked forward to good woik being done in the future. Mr. H. J. B OLDEN spoke on behalf of the Sunday school workers. Mr. MORFUETT, on behalf of the Christian Endeavour Society .had much pleasure in welcom ing Mr. Bright. He felt sure that the Society would reap the advantage of his pastorship. He had every confidence in placing themselves in his bands. The Bev. G. HOGBEN, the Chairman of the Baptist Association, in the name of the Baptists, accorded Mr. Bright a hearty welcome into their midst. The Norwood Chnrcll would certainly be all the richer for the acquisition of such a good worker and friend as Mr. Bright. The Bev. W. F. MAIN, who represented the Pres byterian Church, said that the meeting reminded him of a meeting of a precisely similar character in the Town Hall seven years ago that night. The occasion was the welcoming of himself to South Australia, and at that meeting the pastor of the Norwood Baptist Church waa one who was foremost in the welcome. He was glad to be able now to return that welcome. If the world was to be con quered for Christ it must be done by co-operation between Christ's ministers. The Bev. A. W. WELLINGTON, on behalf of the Primitive Methodists, accorded Mr. Bright a hearty welcome as a fellow-worker in the common cause of the work for the Divine Master. The Bev. W. H. CANN, in the name of the Bible Christians, extended a hearty welcome, and trusted his ministry here would be for good. The Eev. H. J. NICHOLLS, Congregational Union minister, gladly availed himself of tne opportunity of extending to Mr. Bright a very hearty welcome on that auspicious occasion. Mr. M. w. GREEN (Church of Christ), the Bev. B. S. CASELY (Wesleyan Methodise), Pastor FIELD WICK (resident ministers), the Rev. W. E. BICE (Baptist), Mr. W. BURFORD (Y.M.C.A.), and the Bev. W. B. FLETCHER, M.A. (Congregational) also spoke. The Bev. C. BRIGHT, when he rose to reply, was received with great enthusiasm. In the first place he would like to express his obligation to all the ministers on the platform who bad come to extend to him such a hearty welcome. It showed that ail the Churches were one, although there might be differences of opinion. They aU preached the one Christ-the Christ who had been at the back of all progress, and who bad been tbe inspirer of all noble deeds that men had performed, tiie speaker dis coursed on the words, " I believe in God the Father Almighty, and in Jesus Christ, His Son, Our Lord. .... I believe in tbe Holy Ghost, the Holy Catholic Church." Be bad never lived in denomi national! sni, but believed in tbe Holy Catholic Church-the Holy Universal Church-outside his own denomination. It had always been his lot to work in harmony with all branches of the Church. He trnstedthatin coming to South Anstraliahewonld be able to live in the best amity, and hoped that his brethren would always find him ready to assist them in the good work which they all had at heart The work of the Church was not in meeting once or twice on SnndayB to hear sermons or sing hymns. Neither was it a Society formutual congratulations. If the Church of Christ meant anything at ill it was a Society where every one helped each and all. Th» business of the Church was to Imitate Christ and to help humanity on to that goal towards which all their attention should be ever turned. During tbe evening the choir rendered several anthems, and closed the meeting with the Doxology. 