THREE THOUSAND POUNDS FOR A RADISH BED. THB widow Appleby, called Aunt Snmanthy by her neighbours, was tidying up a room' which had; been furnished for a sleeping room, and in it also a desk, a book case, and little row of drawers, in which fragments : precious to a geologist had been carefully stored. The desk and book case Aunt Samathy regarded with reverence. The drawers she. did not understand. Bits of stone, - bits of ore, she emptied them all into her apron, -und dumped them with other odds and ends out of the window upon a flower bed that had been dug up that year. Aunt Samahthy had no heait for gardening. Things had gono very wrong with her, und the doath of her old boarder, a Culifornian miner, who made and lost soveral fortunes, had put the finishing touali to hnr woes. His room it was that she was pultting to rights, knowing that she should never see the old white head and kindly siuila again. ' ' I felt it - inoro than anything elso, after losing poor 'Peter she sighed as a tear rolled down her cheeks. ' He was always so kind td' me"' 'As she spoke there came a heavy step on tbe porch, and looking out of the wiodow she saw her cousin, Jedediah Twombley, standing there. Jedediah was a rich man, lately mado riohcr by an inheritance from bis grandfather, who had lived to be 105 years old, and died leaving ail to his wealthy grandson': and nothing to his oxtreuiely poor ' granddaughter. It was natural that the thought should sting the widow as she I looked at him. ' Morning, T' said Jedediah. 'Morning Oousio.Samanthy. 1 stepped up to get tlm shade. I felt the sun considerably, and my horse has lost a shoe, and I have sent Simon to get- it fixed; thought' I'd light' bore and sec how you got on.' ' ' I don't got on at all Jedediah,' said Aunt Samantliy. ' Not as I should if Gran-ipa Twombley hnd left me something, as I had always reckoned he would ; and now my poor boarder is gone I've got that poor I've \- had to sell the cow.' 1 ' Too bad !' said Jedediah. 'Welleoine and get a pan of milk any time.' . 1 Two miles there and buck ; thank ye,' said the widow. ' Do you know if I was you, Jedediah, what I'd do I I'd say, ' Cousin Samantliy, I'm rich and you're poor, I'll f;ive you a little slice of tho hig 'un grandpa eft me. That's your Christian duty seeing grandpa was 105, and weakminded when lie died. He'd h«v done it 10 years ago, and you know it too. ' Phaw,' laughod Jedediah. 'But you arc a "woman; that's your excuse for talking idiotic. I'm not a mean man ; I'll giro you fivo dollars down, Sainnnthy, and property iB property, and wills is wills, and not to he broken.' Well, I don't setup for proud, and I'm o poor that this is a good deal to me,' said Snmanthy, taking the money. ' I reckon Grandpa's spirit is nround some where prompting you to do right, seem' that you influenced him to do wrong.' ' Now, Samantliy, grandfather was not influenced by roe I That I can tell you I ' said Cousin Jedediah. 'He always fell that you made a mistake in stopping oil with Peter. Peter was one of thoso fobs that never prospers. ' What's the use,' grandfather used to say to me, 'of helpin' Samnthy, when Peter ' ' Poor Peter is gone,' said the widow, taking her hnndkerchief from her apron pocket, .do not ta k against him. Ha was just nB kind a" kind could be.' 'No doubt,' said Jedediah, hurriedly—' no doubt. I didn't mean any olfenco. I always thought Peter ' quito Rut what was' you doiti' when I etimo in — house- oleanin'1' ' I was cleanin' out the spare room, ' said .the '. widow. ' It's being chut up quite a . spell— since tho Californy gentleman died. I thought I'd let it if I could. I might take a few. ' boarders this summer, if they would come" ' I'll pay for an advertisement,1 said Jedediah, who was worth a million and a half, and I'll let you have lots of cucumbers off/jour place. If you'd seed this bed up instead of pitcin' rubbish on it, you could grow things -here now. You could grow radishes right under your v.iuder. Summer boarders generally thinks radishes very hulsomo.' ' I just emptied the bureau drawers out onto that bed. There was a lot of rubbish in 'em ; and I meant to dig it over, only I ain't very robust.' .' I'll let Simon dig it for you,' said Jedediah, 'and you can seed it down, and it will be a comfort to you.' By this time Simon, who hud been slowly driving up the hill, stopped at tho gate, and Jedediah called to him.— 'Simon you justtato the spndo and dig ovor Mrs. Appleby's garden, i'll drive home myself. Good-bye, Snmanthy. I think that idea about the summer hoarders is a good one,' and jumping into his waggon ho drove up the road glad to get rid of his poor cousin. Simon looked after this cousin with n very peoulinr expression. 'Some folks arc born for luck and somo for children,' he said Bententiously. ' I've got four.' 'And l'vo got three,' said tho widow ' Now, Simon, don't do thnt unless you want to. I know you have plenty to do,' 'I'd just as lief,' said Simon. 'What have you being throwin' out here, Mrs. Appleby 1 ' ' Rubbish out of my Californy bonrder's bureau drawers,' anid Airs. Appleby. ' What he kept it hern for 1 don't know,' Simou laughed, nicked un onn or two bits of something, and put thein in his pocket. Tho bed was nearly spndud when Airs. Appleby looked out again, and Simon was gone. As Jcdedi ill Twombley sat on Ills porch that ' night,' counting up the profits of his hny cr'n'p, a voice behind him aricd — ' Air.' Twombley, I've got sutliin' I want to sliow'.you.' ...He turned. It. was Simon who hnd spoken, and he held in hiB hand a fragment of something dark and- heavy. ' 'Sep hero,' heboid, in a whisper. 'I've .been to the gold mines In my time, and if 'if -this, i ain't gold I'll give up. and say- I'm. lacking.' ' Oh, to be sure, to he sure,' said the old roan, clutching the lump nervously. To be jiuro I WJiere did you find it 1 ' 'In the Widder Appleby's garden. Dug it up out rf the flower garden you told me tin spade for here.' 'Tlton theie's gold on the place I I've always' thought there was gold there. I'vo always said so,' said Simon, with a twinkle j in his eye — | ' I've hoard you. Now, what a thing that | will be for that poor widdcr — a gold . mine on her place I ' Jcdodiah's eyes gleamed greedily in tho dim twilight. ' Hush, Simon I ' he whispered. 1 Promiso me you won't tell her or anybody. I'll make it all right with you. You re kind of uncomfortable whore you bu with your small family, I'll let you Imvo tho fraino-housn on the hill at the same rent. Don't mention it. I'll make it right with Airs. Appleby. Though, after ull, this mayn't be gold.' ' Perhaps not, but old minors like me rather calculates to know,' said Simon. ' Kf you don't mind. I'll move up to the frnitiR-house to morrow. Wait a bit. Let's gn over to tho widdur's. I'll pretend it's to sow the radish seed, if you'll givo 1110 some, nml we'll see if there's any moie laying round. ' Good enough,' snid Jedediah Twombley, ' A bright idea.' Accordingly to tho widow's surprise, Simon took the seed over, and the sowing done, brought back to his mostor, waiting iu the waggon undor the treos, three or four specimens of the same ore, which Jedediah took at once to a celebrated mineralogist of the nearest town, who declared that where these earns fro.n there was assuredly a gold mine. Trembling with delight, Jedediah went back to walk around the widow house in the moonlight, where she, seeing him liiiuuii niu LurutuiN| utiu IUOK iiiiu lor u tramp, and was frightened almost out of hor senses. Several things happened to atartlo her that day. The first was the appe .ranee of Simon at hnr door in the early dawn, ns she was boiling her solitary cup ol' cofiee over some splinter- of wood. ' Wiilder,' Simon whispered, solemnly, 1 ntt- nd to what I say, nnd don't forget it. Alister Twombley is going to make you nn oiler for your pbico. Don't let him have,it cheap. Rise on him as bold as-brass. Don't chin about nnything. Don't tell him nothin'. Jest say, 'I won't sell it for that,' until you get wlmt'll keep you comfortable. Mind, do as I suy : don't link questions, don't chin, or you II give yourself away.' ' I don't half understand you,' said the widow. ' You hev such curious expressions kinder, hut if Cousin Jcdedinh oilers much for two acres of stones aud a house like this, he's goin' crazy.' ' Mubbe lie's seen a ghost,' said Simon. 1 Rut you mind mn.' HeuasoiT. Not too soon, for the wheels of Jedediah Twombluy's waggon rattleo on tho road the next moment, and Jedediah stood at the door in place of his servant. ' What you sed kind o' teclied me yester day, Saiiianthy,' lie suid, 'and I've been thinking. What you want is rest. Sell our place and go hoard in the village. I'll buy it. It nin't worth much, but wlmt'll you take 1 ' Tho widow lookn I at him. It was not benevolence that shone in his eyes, but greed. 'Well,' she said cautious'y - some of the same blootl in Iter veins, and she could bargain also. 1 Well, wlmt'll you give 7 ' 'Five hundred dollars V said tho rich man. ' Eh 1 ' Samantliy shook iter head. ' Eight 7' ' Lor, no,' snid Samantliy. 1 A thousand 7 ' Snmanthy turned pale, but still shook hor head. ' Two thousuud 7 ' said Jedediah. 1 1 reckon you're calculating I'm half witted,' said Suiimnthy. 'She knows nliout tho gold,' said Jedediah to himself, ' or — yes, someone else knows and hits made her ntt oiler.' Tho miser nnd gambler sometimes mingle in ono man. It was so in tho cuse of Jedediah Twombley. ' Fifteen thousand dollars 7 1 lie cried hur riedly. 1 You can live comfortably on tlm t, eh ' Grandfather's ghost hnB again appeared,' thought Snnmnthy. ' Well,' she said, ' if you'll drive ovor to the lawyers and pay me now, I'll do it.' Ten minutes after this the two were sitting side hy side in the waggon. Two hours more, and Sanmnthy was, in her own opinion, a rich woman, with no fear of suller ing before her, nnd no more need to toil for her hrend. She was to leave tho cottage that day, and Itewildered by her sudden prosperity, slm wits packing Iter few posses sions, when again, us in the dawn, Simon asked at her door. 1 Sold it 7 ' he said. ' Yes,' said tho » idow brcnl hlcssly. 1 For. fifteen thousand dollars. I reckon grandpn appeared to liim.' Simon put his hand in bin pocket and drew out a bunch of something. ' W lint's thut7' he nsked. The widow looked at what ho held towards her. . 'It's a bit of tlm rubbish I threw out of that bureau there,' tho said. It's gold ore,' said Simon. 'Your Californy boarder had a lot of specimens of i' in that bureau ; he often showed 'em to nro. I was n miner once. I took an interest iu 'em. You throwed 'cm in the radish bed, I dug 'cm out of it. I just showed 'em to Alister Twombley. His idea has always been there's gold in these mountains. He thinks there's gold on your place.' 1 And lie wanted to givo nte uvo hundred dollars,' said the widow. It's all right for you, nnd I didn't tell no lies.' suiil Simon. ' I did dig up them specimens in tiro radish lied.' Tiro widow lives at case in tiro villngo now and keeps her own counsel, nnd thorn is a big hale, with n windlass near it, where Iter. Itonie onco Btoodi People call it ' Twombley's Folly',' but Jededialt Twombley intended it for a gold ntino, nnd spout a little fortuno also, in working it several yeurs. A telf.rnoNK lms been tried on n new telegraph line, erected between 'Melbourne nnd Adehtido, which nr.- 500 miles npnrt, Conversation wns onrried on easily, nnd tho chimes of the Adelaide post office clock 'w'ert distinctly beard in Melbourne. 