LITTLE FELLOWS WHO WERE GREAT. “Exceeding tall men nave ever very empty heads,” writes Lord Bacon. Thomas Fuller says more wearily, “Often the cockloft is empty in those whom Nature hath built many storeys high”—a metaphor seemingly bor rowed from Bacon’s “Nature did never put her precious jewels into a gar.’ct four storeys high.” Compare Fuller’s moderate “often” with Bacon’s sweeping “ever” and “ncv'cr,” which surely smack of some personal ill-luck. Can )t be that the “Aviseat, brightest, mean est of mankind” was dealing a side thrust at Elizabeth's tall favorite, my Lord of Leicester? Meanwhile, there needs no ghost to toll us that both Bacon and Fuller Avoro men of middle height. But now Balzac steps forward in cap and bells to give us tho same “old dog in a now doublet” —“Tons les grands homos out 010 petite,” says he, and wo defy all England lo translate that phrase —it boars too many meanings ; it may seem strange that the tallest of the tall once wore long clothes ; or that the greatest of great men was once small enough for tho cradle. Socrates avah stumpy, also St, Paul and Alexander tho Great, great only as a warrior. In stature, both he and his far more intellec tual father,Phillip of Macedon,scarce reached tho middle height. In this regard avo may rank them with the famous Spartan general, Agcsilaus; with Atlila, the “scourge of God” —broad shouldered, (.hick set, sinewy, short; with Thcodoric 11., King of tho Goths, of whom Cassiodorus Avrites: —“lie is rather short than tall, somewhat stout, Avith shapely limbs alike lithe and strong.” Actius, too, cominander-in-chiof of the Roman troops, and prop of the tottering Roman Empire, in tho days of Valentinian, was a man of low stature, therein resembling Timour, the Tartar, self-described as a “ puny, lamo, de crepit little wight, though Lord of Asia and terror of the World ; also tho groat Conde, and his pigmy contemporary Marshal Louxem bourg, nicknamed “ the Littlo” by thoso Avho admired him for making Louis tho Four teenth, Louis tbo Great; avlio, by tho by, less his high-heeled shoes and toAvcring wig, dwindles to about five feet six. But oven thus pared down to tho inches Nature gave him, he was a giant compared with Sir Francis Drake and with Admiral Kcppol “ littlo Keppel” as every sailor in the fioot fondly dubbed him from pure love and ad miration. Whereby a tale, if but to break tho dog-lrot of this catalogue. Whon, then, Keppel—a commodore at twenty-four—was sent to demand an apology from the Dey of Algiers for an insult to the British flag, lie took so high a tone that the Dey exclaimed against the insolence of tho British king for charging a “beardless boy,” Avith such a message to him. Replied the beardless boy, “ wore my master won’t to take length of board for lest of wisdom, he’d have sent your Dcyship a hc-goat.” Oliver Cromwell, Claver house, and Mehcmet Ali must bo content lo tkea i(, out brains, for they all lacked inches. Two of these great names naturally suggest that of another famous soldier and usurper. Naapoleon Bonaparte, Lo petit Corporal, as his men lovingly called him, stood about fi%’o feet ono and three-quarters (English). In stature, the Iron Duke beat him by six inches, while tho live feel four of Nelson place him midway, or there aboute, botAveon the victor and the victim of Waterloo. Sir Christopher Wren resembled the smallest of British birds not iu name only. Staying with Charles IL at tho monarch’s Newmarket hunting- lodge, Sir Christopher beard him complain that the rooms lacked height “ Par don mo,Siro,” he broke in, “to mo they seem high enough.” “Ay, and to me, too, now,” replied the Merry Monarch, crouching until his buttocks nearly touched the floor. For this king, who “never said a foolish thing and never did a aviso one,” Avould have made lavo Christopher Wrens. Byron stood to five feet eight in his stockings—a liberal alloAV anco of inches for a poet But his friend, Tom Moore, redresses this disturbance of the average. Moore never reached five feet, save in Jiis versos, tho first of which, by the by, ho published under the pen name, “Thomas Little.” And whon at length ho doffed the mask, some impudent wag hailed the change Avith the undeniable assertion “Moore was Littlo, and little is Moore.” Wo trust that Mr. Swinburne, tho nightingale of our nine teenth century “singing birds," Avill forgive us for branding him as every inch a poet, oven to tho feAvness of bis inches.—Gentle men’s Magazine. 