Regeneration of Society ; or, Man, Land, and Liberty. [Bx Modern THouçnx.] HaviBg read Mr. Benvie's " Thoughts on Regeneration of Society," I quite agree with him in saying " we need more than amend ment,"-we need " a change at and from the [ very core." Present systems cannot produce adjustment, because they are in themselves unjust: while men take advantage of their positions and take more than they legitimately earn or rightfully inherit, power rules, not truth and justice, the effect of truth cannot reign. I contribute the following on man, land, and liberty, which I had written before reading Mr. Benvie's thoughts, which I trust will throw a little light on the subject of all subjects, vie,, man : I lt-t. What is man P The being that thinks -the Lord of Creation-the being who can utilise his power for good or for evil, which is power for good or for evil : the responsible being, with the image of God stamped on him, which image cauuot be wholly obliterated -however bad he may be-until he becomes the very opposite of his Creator,-wholly abandoned to evil, a very devil : the being who can elevate his mind as high as Heaven, or degrade it as low as hades : the being who can utilise the resources of nature for the benefit and elevation of himself and hie fellows, or the being that can use them for unjust purposes and crush his fellow-beings to serfdom and slavery : the being whoso destiny, I believe, is to attain a far higher and more perfect life in the world, collec- tively, or nationally, or universally, than he bas hitherto done-whose destiny is to bo combine law and truth that they will produce national, or, more broadly speaking, universal justice, which must be acknowledged by all men, will be a vast improvement on what now exists,-an improvement so vast that perhaps few men living, comparatively speak- ing, could realise the possibility of such an evolution. To me there seems no doubt that this is the end the Great Designer has in view. This may be presumption on my part, -it may be a dream,-it may posiibly be a phantom born of dimmed víbíob j through its own blindness : yet Beers or prophets in all ages have gazad at it in the misty distance, and the ebild of nature's God, the great Christ, tried to reveal it in His day, and advocated laws for the cultivation of it, which laws were too simple for the then legislators : too simple for the then spiritual guides : too simple for the then wise and prudent, and possibly are too simple still. Tb ey are used more in precept than practice to-day. Poor deluded man, blind leader of the blind, is too wise to do right. It is boc good enough. Truth must be walled in and protected, it is not strong enough to take care of itself. Even the followers of the lowly Nazareno only partially grasped the truths He revealed to them, and from that day to the present time those truths have been abused and misapplied to a very great extent. One of those abused truths is that one man should not usurp authority over another, yet he saw that man should be liberated or made equal : made to balance in so far as natural claims were concerned. Yet what are the leaders of his supposed followers doing to-day. Some high and lifted up, enjoying the 0ood things of this life at the cost of their less fortunate fellows, sending forth muddy streams to try and satisfy the craving for the true good. They have created easy chairs for themselves and made footstools of the majority of their followers. So it is with legislators also : they legislate for themselves and those in power, and allow, yea, force the masses to wallow in the mire. What supports these earthly gods ? What supports all men who receive more than they legitimately earn, or rightfully inherit ? We need not hesitate for a moment ; the answer is as evident as that two and two make four : labour, and the natural heritage of their fellows. Woe unto all men who take more than they legiti- mately earn or rightfully inherit. Why should we cry peace ! peace ! when there is no peace to the masses, when they have not where to lay their heads, without they pur- chase it with their hard-earned labour from other men. How many tens of thousands can truthfully say this, even in so-called Christian lands. Where is their birthright ? stolen or forfeited. Where their labour p \--checked, stolen, and used to keep soul and body together. Who can cry peace ! peace P when man and labour are crushed under foot, and put to an open shame p Is this British freedom or British fraud p Australians, are you asleep, or am I dreaming? Is it a phantom I see P Tell me. Who is responsible for all this? Man, the being who thinks man, the being who can use his knowledge for good or evil-man especially, who is in authority in the State, Church, or any other position-man, who monopolises the birth- right of all men, viz., land. Woe to all men who take more than they rightfully earn or rightfully inherit. Seaohdly,-Land. What is land? The solid portion of the surface of our globe, the heritage of man, whence he rose and on which he stood ; the foothold of man ; the source of all production ; the source of untold riches "that eye hath not seen, nor ear heard of, neither bath it entered into the heart of man;" the source whence there is enough for all men-, and to spare, if only man were just. Land is.as truly the birthright of man As the air he breathes, and those in power have as little right to deprive him of it. All and everyone that make laws that allow land monopoly are offering a premium to thieves and robbers. They may not know this, and may resent the idea when told of it, but the truth stands the same, and cannot, and will not, be altered. What causes land monopoly ? The love of gain, which is " the root of all evil," when truth is sacrificed for it. But if we had proper legislation, the sacrificers of truth could not monopolise land. All legislation that allows the gifts of nature to be monopolised is faulty, and must, and will, be productive of evil ; it gives unnatural power to some and takes natural power from others, and the breach grows wider and wider the longer it lasts, until it reaches a climax, when the structure falls to pieces, leaving wreck and ruin in its train. No wonder that history repeats itself. It will do so again if this evil is allowed. We are raising a structure with an incline, and when we reach a certain height it must come down, as past structures have; it is simply a work of time. Aus- tralians, am I dreaming ? Is it a phantom I see? Tell me, who is responsible for this ? Man, the being who thinks ; man, the being who can use his knowledge and power for good or for evil. , Woe unto all men who take more than they legitimately earn or rightfully inherit. Thirdly,-Liberty. What is liberty?)' Where is it? How was it forfeited ? And how is it to be regained. It was lost through the application of untruth. It can only be regained by the application of truth ; truth, not only in precept; but also in practice. What is liberty? Freedom. Man needs true liberation from the injustice of other men, liberty to enjoy the fruits of his labour, liberty to do as he ought, liberty to be inde- pendent, as nature intended he should. How can man have true liberty or liberation if he is denied access to land ? It is an utter impossibility, and he must in time become a Blare to those wbo hold it, land being the sourse of all production. I have often won- dered, and I daresay others have too, what was the first cause that gave one man power over another. But I do not wonder now : I am under the impression that I have solved tbe riddle; perhaps others, too, have solved it. Men forfeited their birthright, and, of course, liberty, which is part of their heritage, by working for otber men on unequal conditioas, instead of working with them on equal con- ditions-thus giving other men the advantage over them. Man is naturally an independent being, and ought to be his own master, and if he sacrifices his independence it is the first step on the down grade to servitude and slavery. This seems a very small thing at first, yet this is where the seed of class dis tiaction wrs sown, and behold the fruit bears to-day-Man the lie actor, man the tyrant, man the despot god, man the devil, man the m»Bter, mantbeeervant, andmantbeelave. This , may be denied by some, yet it Beems very evi- dent that if men did not work for other men > they could not become their dependents. Australians, am I dreaming ? Is it a vision bom of imperfect sigh» ? Isita ghost? Tell me. What is the remedy for this world-wide evil ? The remedy is to give back to man male and female what has been loat, and what existing powers will not allow him to redeem. In this advanced age of the nine- teenth century (thankB to those who have advocated freedom of intercourse between countries and nations in trade, &c.;) we can iifL ourselves up with the assistance of infor- mation procurable on to a pinnacle high enough to behold all the " kingdoms of the world and the glory of thf-m," and in wbat does their glory consist ? Their glory consists principally in their shame ; even in the most advanced of them tyranny and despotism reign, and servitude and slavery exist, and will exist until true reform is resorted to-a vibrating reform. In the Christ's time the salvation of Jerusalem was at band, even at the very door, yet Jerusalem went down, and not only went down but is still down, although nearly nineteen centuries have passed away Bince then, and likely to be down for some time longer. Why did it go down ? Simply because the Jews did not know the things "that concerned their peace," and power ruled (not truth), and injustice reigned. The then powers would not allow truth to assert itself, although truvh was waiting there to do so. Jerusalem had to reap what it sowed ; even so will all nations that repent not before it be too late. Who was responsible for the fall of Jerusalem and the awful bloodshed and misery it brought ? Man, the lie actor ; man, the tyrant ; man, the despot god ; man, the devil. Australians, am I dreaming ? Is it a vision born of imperfect sight ? Is it a phantom I see? Is it a ghost? Tell me. Woe unto all men who take more than tbey legitimately earn or rightfully inherit. In Uking this they sacrifice truth and serve untruth. 