TWO "" "* TRAGEDIES. (From the Deiroit Free Press ) CHAPTER XIX. Manda had received many letters from* .. Mr. Ferdinand Morris since his departure for Tadonaao. They were all. couohed in his customary grim style. Here and there she noticed a tendeuce to a gentler tone, as if some kindly influenoy were at , work of which the writer was -ashamed and yet not wholly able to escapa. He mide up for thu momentary lapse into amiability by being gruffer than ever in the remainder of his letter. The " Sea Side-Fool,'' as he called the ordinary visitor to Tadousao, filled him with con- temptuous pity. Ic was really so insig- nificant a matter that the over-dreued idiots who repaired there should recover what they were ploased to call their tone when that tone was so objectionable-that is, to Feidinrnd Morris. It never seemed to ocour to him that the fra quentera of Tadomac might have corre- sponding views on the subject with regard to himself. In truth, he had Blared most of them away from his corner of the dining-table; His bark was worse than his bite, but he barked so often that ' it upset people's nerves. They couldn't stand it ; they preferred the roar of the sea in rough weather. They could always move inland to eacipe the sound if they didn't like it, but there was no escaping Mr. Ferdinand Morris He made a point of going to all the different expeditions got up by the hotel people not beoause he enjoyed them, butbecauBO he saw plainly enough that others would have appreciated these somewhat hum- drum festivities much better if he bad elected to remain on a sheltered corner of the piazza reading the local papers and 1 making the waiters uncomfortable. Manda had written to Mr. Morris nearly every day. He caught himself going down to the po3t office whenever the mail came in, and generally received a letter from hie secretary. If he didn't receive . the customary letter, he mude the lives of J the hotel waiters vory miserable indeed. : In'iact, they resigned by the dozen until the landlord had almost resolved to bribe ' the great man to go away ; tn leave him to the insignificance which he ooveted rather than have the glaring light of Mr. Morris' eye caat on his every action. But one morning Mr. Morris, was ' missing from his Beat on the foremost buckboard. À dozen of these primitive vehicles departed into the interior, their occupants gleefully congratulating themselves on having for onco got rid of this old man of the sea. During the day one or two people won- dered what had became of Mr. Morris. . He had probably found the buckboard too uncomfortable, or was experimenting on a new deaf and dumb waiter whom the. landlord had provided ai a last resource. .' Anyhow, he was not greatly missed, nor did people mourn ^ ery deeply over his absence. One or two reckless beings made their way to the corner of the . piazza on purpose to annoy him by de- scribing the pleasure they had expe>i enced, bun when they reached the corner there was no sign of Mr. Ferdinand Morris. Inquiries from the waiters elicited the fact that he was ill. Ko one , seemed to know what waa the matter. He had caught a chill, and the looal . doctor was afraid of something serious. Mo Alpine, of Montreal, had been/tele- graphed for ; also Mr. Morris's private secretary. A flutter of excitement ran around the veranda when it was known that the . seoretary would shortly arrive. Most of the young men had departed, leaving disconsolate fair ones to mourn their loss. A new victim would considerably relipwe tho tedium of the evenings. i . There was generally a band stationed on the piazza at about 9, but the dancing languished somewhat when "ne girls , found it neoessary to waltz with one anöther ow'ng to the lack of desirable male partners. There wasn't nearly so much go in it. The new arrival would certainly stay some time. Most of the young ladies considered that it was rather an amiable thing of Mr. Morris to be- come ill under such circumstance. Some even spoke of him as a u dear grumpy old thing." He was known to be very, wealthy. Several fair beings of uncertain ages even proffered the'" ervices ai nurses, but when the patieno bo<»rd of this he expressed himself so forcibly that, the local practitioner was considerably embarrassed in his attempts to soften' : down Mr. Morris' refusal. , It was on the evening of the third day after Mr. Morris' illness that people sitting on the piazza noticed a very hand-' some girl coming up the gravel walk chichi led to the front of the hotel. Of course . most of them found fault with her style. ; One said she was too short ; another con . sidorèd her too tall. A matron con- sidered she was rather slight, whilst a thin and fading blossom of some 45 sum- mers thought her vulgarly stout, and that she had very little- V chick " about . her ' ??: Y;,~\ V. Manda, for she it wás.^didn'tpáy muoh attention to the scrutinising crowd: - She calmly walked through it, registered her name, and asked for a ; room. ^Thensho disappeared up the broad staircase, fol . lowed by a waiter deferently carrying her luggage. . The busybodies of the piazza were .greatly exercised that she did not reappear that night. There was something inter ;. esting about the new comer ; they wanted to know who she was. The fading spinster investigated the hotel register. Nobody knew the name of Eggleston in connection with tho upper ten of Sher y brooke Btreet or any other locality in Móntreal. Who could she be ? . The mystery solvod itself the next morning. The waiter was seen taking up Miss Eggleston's breakfast to a little sitting room which adjoined the sick ?.. chamber. She was evidently a relative. This was a new surprise, as it was gener- ally known that Mr. Morris hadn't any . relatives. Further cross-examined of the waiter revealed that Miss Eggleston had nursed the patient all night. A little latter, in some mysterious way, it trans-, pired that she waa only the secretary. "It's Blways the way," regretfully remarked Mrs M'Muggins to her cluster of unmarried daughters " I never knew Bach girls as you are for missing your . opportunities. Here there are three of you without a decent feature between you, and how I'm ever - going to get you off my hands I don't know. Yet when Providence-I say Providence-throws in \- your way a rich ,old gentleman like Mr. ; Morris instead of comforting his declining days with li ttl o daughterly offices you. turn up-or try to-turn up-your noses at him and go off fishing with young Torap , klnB of tho B battery. What .prospects . h«B Mr. Tompkins outside the battery ? Ton can't marry a battery. At any rate he can't marry the three of you ; it isn't allowed. If you had only read tho papors to Mr. Morris and played to him and worked him bracea-he needn't have worn them-there is no i telling what might have happened," and Mrs. M'Muggins wept bitter tears at her bunch of over-ripe daughters, as she thought of the fruitless season and the milliners' bills looming in the distance. - The Misses M'Muggins were Uko the Crimean heroes, 11 Theirs not to reason why," but they were very much chagrined at having let slip Buoh an opportunity. Mr. Morris might recover, poor old man, so these uncertain-aged harpies wrote him littlo notes which the dootor tore up SB soon a3 they wero handed: in. The unwholesome jellies of Miss Dora were sent to join the imaginativo yet fhvorleBS beef tea of Miss Elsie, and. the unappreciated bracea were used to tie up the bell rope. Poor Mr. Morris never knew of these delicate little attentions! The great Dr. M'Alpine arrived, but Shook his head dubiously, after a pro- tracted consultation with his lowly local brother. " He has a tough constitution, but be has done too muoh work ever to rally again." It's just a snuffing out of the whole system. ; He: may live a day or; two, but I don't give 1 him any longer. Morris- isn't a man who had rusted. I should think he's had mora quarrels in the course of the last. 20 -'years than all the 'other newspaper men in the Dominion of Ganada put together!!'/ , . The local practitioner- put his head on one Bidé in birdlike fashion and looked jwisej as it behoved him to do. in the presence of Ihe^greât- m'è Hè had long ago arrived at the same conclusion, 'withóut< Venturing;' however,; to put it forward. Indeed, he adroitly persuaded 'M'Alpine that the matter was new to him, so that the great man was heard to remark , ere. his, departure that 'Mr. Slaughter was a very modest and rising young, man-a. remark which brought many à dollar to the poor fellow's scanty purse, as most of the hotel people made a point of consulting him about imaginary ailments in order to find out what 'M'Alpine had said'.with reference to Mr. Ferdinand Morris. To the last that irascible old gentleman retained full possession of his faculties. He pooh-poohed the doctors and instructed them what to ' do. If they thought he didn't know what was the matter with hinfthey were very much mistaken. He only wanted to have life kept in him for a day or two. He sent for his lawyer in a most matter-of-fact way, and was closeted with him for two hours.; After that time ; the lawyer, retired to make a fair copy.of a mysterious document, which Mr. Morris signed in the presence of the landlord and a waiter, whilst the lawyer... looked on with professional gravity. The will was duly feigned, sealed, and delivered. Mr. Morris gazed round him with an air ot relief. .* There, Jones," he gasped, ''don't look so unutterably solemn ; you've made hundreds of wills before." The lawyer 'cleared his ? husky throat and carefully polished his gold-rimmed spectacles: ; " Yes,"- he said dryly, " I've made many a will before, but you are the most' irascible" client:! ever had; or ever hope to have.". :: : .. .; .:. ; . ' " _ .1 A ghost ot a sardonic .smile mctcerea »boat Mr. : Morris' countenance. 6" You are like a red Indian at the stake, Jones, and-and show about as much feeling."» '* The other again polished his spectacles carefully. Then he wrung the dying man's hand. "I'm a sham," he said more huskily than ueual. "I've only been keeping up until we'd. got through these legal things. My, dear old friend ! My dear old friend ! " ;^ w ^ ' Thé saturnine gleam faded put of Mr. Morris' eyes. ; " Don't be a fool," Jones," he said very softly and kiudly. '.'* V Don't be a fool, Jones. I always knew that manner of yours was all a sham, and that youv'e dragged me out of many a scrape into which I've rushed. Thè only weak- ness you've ever betrayed is to care for an old owl like me. It must have been because nobody; else, did." 7 ¡ "ISo," said Jones, becoming pro-: fesaional again. "Remember Miss Eggleston." ; /? The dying man stirred restlessly on his pillow and groaned aloud. "That's the I only thiDg which1 makes me want to live. She has been the sunshine of my Ufe and hasn't giren me . a moment's pain. I; never knew what a daughter was until; she came to rae. ! She. had ; some; sorrow which is preying on her mind, but she never let it interfere with her duties to me. That I'B what I like her for ; she has any amount of pluck. Most girls sit down under a trouble and whiue about-it, bub she does nothing of the »ort. ' Ask her to come to me, and please don't let anyone disturb us." '..; ' Mr. Jones.withdrew and Manda softly entered the room. "Draw; back the curtains,-Manda," said the old man. " Do you know, I've a' very pronounced kind of idea that I shall never see tho,dawning of another day¿"¡ ¡ Manda's heart was full. She had learned to love the old murrin spite of hts crabbed? ways. - It seemed very .hard that he should, be taken ¡her. - She sank "on-herVknees -by¡vthe rbed,. : the tears silently rolling down, her cheeks. s' í There,;; there,"'wsaid Mr. Morris .kindly¿YVJdon't..be;. foolish j'? child:.;. I'm; bound on a long journey-H-a long journey -and I -want { to haye'a talk'with you before I go." ;/. . ; Manda dried her eyes. , ; ; «'.My. dear/' said the old man, you! arè^the. çnly person ,who has loved me for myself;. lt may. have been' my own: fault that I didn't win the love! of others ; I dare s»y it" was.:,..But once I-I met' with; a great disappointment.. Iiwas 'young and-poor and I loved a beautiful girl who-who didn't love me, and married-can't you guess lr-married your father." .'. " Manda gave a little cry of surprise.' Was this"'the meaning'of his constant kindness to her ?_ "I've done .what I could for your father," said Mr.; Morrp, ° ' bor; he wasn't an - ambitipus man. die --preferred to reign in Ste;- Marie rather than serve in Montreal. ' When I heard of the terrible doom which', overtook your poor mother, it crushed ail the life out of me. She was very : beautiful. But - time and trouble dimmed her.loveliness; and the last time I saw-her it was difficult to imagaine that she could be,' th a woman I had loved so many years' ago." - , . ? . « ' He stopped for a moment. ' " Then you _ came 'to Montreal. You were ?o like your mother that she . lived again'id you. I took the greatest delight in developing your keen intellect, for I soon saw.that your heart was suffering, and that ; if you were ever to get over your sorrow you must have something stirring to occupy you. I was parposely gruffer than usual to you when I saw how graciously you bore with my. rough ways. I loved you for your own sake." The girl lifted her tear-stained face from the bed. " lb is very good of you to say that," she murmured softly. " My heart was so empty and desolate that it wou'd have - broken had not someone been kind to nie. Don't leave mo ; don't leave me. Only make an effort, ana you will get well again." He smiled. "If," hesaidsjdly. " My child, you almost tempt me to try. But my work is done, and I must make way f-jr o'hers. I want to secure your happiness as far as I can before I go. Sdine day ,you . will have overcome this trouble which is blighting your life. The pain will gradually give way to resig- nation "Sou will be angry with yourself Rt first, but it will bi so And then y iu will live to thuik me. You will be sought by others although I shall not liva to see it.n " Don't trouble about me," ssid Manda brokenly What does it nutter? I have been.very foolish and have f uttered for it. I-I gave my heart to a-man who loved my dearest friend., What could I do but be loyal to them both ? 1 could not bf ar to see them aiwsy-i together, so I came to Montreal. It will a'l como right some day. l-l shall become hardened and not feel it." ; "Listen to me," he said solemnly. "My dear child, here are two great things in tho world-love and money ! Oae can often buy the semblance of the other. You may have every virtue under the sun, yet if you lack money, people will pa9s you by on the other side. But gold, gold, gold cm magnify the smallest virtue and gloss over the greatest fault. People have sought mo and toadied mo for tho sake of my money Worldly mothers have offered their daughters to me. With money one can command mankind, although the poorest vagabond who knows not where to lay his head ia often richer than the millionaire. It isa long and dull snrmon to preach to you from a deathbed, my dear, especially as I point the moral so completely. Still, I am going to * leave you my money to do with as you will. I want you to bo able to shape your own life and to follow yout genius wherever it .may lead you. lt is the least I can do for you in return foi the love you have given me. Now call in Jones, and don't let me sse any more ! tears in your eyes. I'm not worth them. ' I've lived my life for,: myself and i hay« I not been a bad man, although a graff,one. I think if you were to kissiria jastonce it might help ma to falk asleep. No vornan" baa evar kissed me since my mother.died." . : . . ; - r She ' bent over him and kissed the' wasted cheek. A faint smile played about his lips. "It's rather melodramatic," he said, and turned MB face to the walli He', did not Uve to see another dawn. About midnight he awoke; He could not speak, but: kept his eyes fixed'upon Manda as she sat by_the bedside holding hid band. It was unspeakably bitter to dit there waiting for theend: What was her suffering compared tb that of this poor old man, who had mourned for more than half á contarr, who had lived his life and fought hia fight, even longing for rest, yet never finding peace. What a cruel irony thara was ia fate. How everything becamo misei up by fortune, chance, destiny, whatever people chose to to call it. How crusl. the pain of .living/ was sometimes ! How bitter the struggle to bury one's hopes in the cold grave of duty 1 She was BO young to'suffer in this hopeleBS way, and yet what remedy was there f A star shone into the room, and the distant murmer of the sea fell softly on her ear. She realised that she was learning to bear from the holy spirit of the night a sorrow which is common to all human kind. What was her woe com- pared to that of the passing spirit beside herí . Mr. Morris' eyes were fixed on her with eager entreaty. He had raised 'himself in the bed, and sank back with a broken murmer ^of " Delia-Delia-at last! " \- Delia was her mother's name.. In the moment of supreme anguish he had gone back, to his youth, and fancied that the 'woman he loved was with him as sweet and young as in the olden days when all the world was fair and like a dream of love. . ; ? They! .buried him Reside the ever restless sea, fit emblem of the haman hearts which beat against the shore nf fate and, breaking, fall ; backward, only to return again and i again, yet again, with the Bama result. The,boarders were scornfully sceptical of the reality of Manda's, grief as they watched the blackrobedfigure follow th« remains'to the little churchyard, ¿ha had got the,money ; what more did ahe wantl inquired Mrs. M'Muggins. " My dear "madam," said the little lawyer, as he picked up his valise and prepared, to return to Montreal. " You probably wouldn't understand if I told you. Strange as it may seem, there is actually in the Worid such a thing as dis interested affection. As a lawyer, I don'i often sse it-I should.be very much sur prised if I did-but still it exists. MigbJ I offer you a word of advice ? " " Certainly," said the ruling power o the house of M'Muggiui; for Mr. Jonei was well known in, Montreal. Mr. Jones already had one foot on th< step of the hack which was to carry hin away. He got into the carriage and pu his head out of the window. V If I migh venture tb give you a little gratuitou advice, my.dear madam-a thing lawyer don't often find la expedient to do "-h said blandly, " try a little of it on Mi M'Musgiris," and before the bewilderei and Boadioea-like Mrs. M'Muggins ha recovered from her astonishment, he die appeared; (To be continued.) 