NEEDLES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Rain. Cricket. Theatre. Bellringers. Count Fosco. Who wins now? Anarchist plots. Painful accident. A ghost theory. A financial crisis. A career of crime. Carl Hertz coming. Butter exportation. Cricket Conference. The Prussian crisis. Nine wickets for 490. Continental evening. International cricket. Bad luck, Australians. Polling at Noarlunga. Dinham Villa doomed. Supposed cannibalism. Drought on the Barrier. "Beating the big drum." "The Woman in White." A financial panic in London. Lynch Family of Beilringers. Painful accident at Narracoorte. Five candidates out for Noarlunga. Australia has an uphill game to play now. No dearth of shows in Adelaide next week. Mr. Gladstone is in favor of small holdings. Mr. Wybert Reeve as Count Fosco to-night. A late sitting at the Port Adelaide Police Court. A special programme at the Jubilee Exhibi tion Building. An assault-at-arms at the Exhibition Gardens to-night. A number of hats will be lost over the Anglo- Australian match. The Parisian Anarchists are resorting to poisonous drugs now. Another locomotive turned out of Martin and Co.'s workshops. The Governor patronises the Bellringers to night at the Town Hall. The Orpheus Society will sing at the Conti- nental evening to-night. Mr. L. M. Tier is opening a palace of amuse- ments in Rundle-street. The Boys' Field Club are going into camp at Port Willunga at Easter. Another Australian gold mining company to be floated in England. The U.S. Silver Bill received a check in the House of Representatives. Frank M Clark and his "Silk Stockings" company coming to Garner's Rooms. Inspector Sullivan, who has been rusticating at Port Lincoln, is rapidly gaining strength. An expression of opinion from a youthful cricketing enthusiast:—The wickets wet and runs to get may cause the players trouble, But when 'tis o'er you'll find our score the Englishmen's will double. NOTEWORTHY SAYINGS. Everybody gains when a bad man dies. If you are a good man, what are you good for? God is always the friend of those who stand by the right. Don't talk much about yourself when you want to be interesting. It is better to keep one old, tried friend than to gain two new ones. Religious selfishness is no better than any other kind of selfishness. The man who lives only for himself is engaged in very small business. The best time to determine whether the seed is good or bad is before you sow it. The only teachable people are those who know their ignorance and want to get rid of it. People who never think of anybody but themselves are always little, no matter how big they feel. A wise man stands firm in all extremities, and bears the lot of his humanity with a divine temper. Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance and without any visible reason. When the time comes to harvest the wild oats you have sown you can't hire any one else to do the reaping for you. The mind is but a barren soil—a soil which is soon exhausted, and will produce no crop, or only one, unless it be continually fertilised and enriched with foreign matter. Live a life of feeling, not of excitement. Let your religion, your duties, every thought and word, be ruled by the affections, not by the emotions, which are the expressions of them. Do not consider whether you are glad, sorry, dull, or spiritual at any moment, but be your self-what God makes you.—Charles Kingsley. Every community met to worship the highest Good (which is understood to be ex- pressed by God) carries me along in its main current; and if there were not reasons against my following such an inclination I should go to church or chapel, constantly, for the sake of the delightful emotions of fellowship which come over me in religious assemblies.—George Eliot. GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. This world is so crowded that you can't pat one man on the back without stepping on another man's toes when you do it. There is a fortunate thing about being a dude—you need never fear brain fever. Wool—"Is your mother-in-law still with you?'' Van Pelt—"No; still against me." She—"Was it a mercenary marriage?" He —"Yes. They were both too poor to stay en- gaged any longer." Why should the whale be called the poli- tician of the sea? Because he frequently comes to the surface to spout. He—"There's a good deal to be said in favor of cremation." She (shivering)—"Yes, indeed. It's so clean and nice and warm." "Why do you go to a concert if you don't care for music?" "To amuse myself. You have no idea how happy I feel when it's over." "He's a very little man, isn't he?" "There is good reason for it." "How?" "His wife cuts him short every time he attempts to say anything." "I suppose your father can do almost any thing," remarked Bobby. "No, he can't," answered Tommy; "he can't stop the baby crying at night." Watts—"Every man has his own secret sorrow, I guess." Potts—"Yes, indeed. Even the happiest appearing man has a skeleton in his midst." "What happened four hundred years ago this year?" asked Freddie's teacher. "Don't know," answered Freddie; "I am only seven years old." Judge—"Have you anything to say why sentence of death should not be passed upon you?" Prisoner (haughtily)—" If I have any thing to say I'll say it in my autobiography." Sound is said to travel over seven hundred miles an hour, yet the sound of a cat yelling in the back garden has been known to remain in one spot for five maddening hours. He (after three hours' talk)—"Don't I give you some thoughts, Miss Helen?" She (promptly)—"Yes, Mr. Lambskin, but I shouldn't like to tell you what they were." "Columbus may have been s'prised when he discovered America," remarked Bobby, "but I guess Adam was more surprised when he found he was in the world all by himself." Uncle (to nephew, who has just left school)— "I hear you are taking dancing lessons. How do you like waltzing?" Nephew—"I like it well enough, only the girl is always in one's way." "Do you feel the same for your husband as you did when he was courting you?" "Well, hardly the same. Then most of the time I was mad for him; now most of the time I am mad at him." Fat lady (on Portobello sands)—"I am going to ride on one of the donkeys, and I'll pay for one for you if you like to accompany me." Small boy—"Thankee, mum, but I'd rather sit here and laugh." "I had to be away from school yesterday," said Tommy. "You must bring an excuse." said the teacher. "Who from?"—"Your father." "He ain't no good at making ex- cuses; ma catches him every time." George—"Whew! What can be the matter? Telegram says—'Come home, immediately.' " Rushing into his suburban home half an hour later—"Tell me quick, my dear. What is it?" Young Wife—"The baby said 'Mama.' " Mr. Globetrotter—"I made a flying trip through Ireland, Patrick, and it seemed to me that the people looked contented enough." Patrick—"It's seldom they luk thot way sor. You must 'av' been there whin th' foighting wor going on." "Well, Tommy," said the visitor, "how do you like your baby brother?" "Oh, lots and lots—only I don't think he's very bright." "Why not?" "We've had him 'most two weeks now, and he hasn't said a word to any- body." A little girl, aged nine, called her father to her bedside the other evening. "Papa," said the little diplomat, "I want to ask your ad- vice." "Well, my little dear, what is it about?" "What do you think it would be best to give me on my birthday?" The chaplain of a convict prison asked one of his flock who was in durance vile for man- slaughter, what man he had killed. "It was a woman—my wife—and not a man," he re- plied; "but, sir," he continued, "it was alto- gether a private matter with which the public has no concern." A minister, while marrying a couple of his rustic parishioners, felt exceedingly discon- certed on his asking the bridegroom if he were willing to take the woman for his wedded wife by the would-be Benedict scratching his head and saying, "Ay, I'm wullin', but I'd rather have her sister." Miss Gush—"And Ethel, dear, what is the baby's name?" Mrs. Newmother—"I've named him Ethelbert Algernon." Miss Gush —"But I always thought the father named the boys." Mrs. Newmother—" If you could hear what his father calls him when he is walking the floor with him in the early dawn you wouldn't wonder I took matters in my own hands." 