AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA, &D.; There was quite an imposing demonstration nt tho Bijou on Saturday night, when Messrs. Brough and Boueicault were nocordcd a valedictory benefit on tho occasion of their re linquishing their leaso preparatory to settling for a period in Sydnoy. Tho houso was crowded to roplotion, and for heartiness and genuine enthusiasm there has seldom been witnessed so interesting a spectacle in Melbourne. Tho piece selected was Burnand's'comcdy of Tho Colonel, n piece which, howover cutertaining as a skit upon tho resthetio craze, was not par ticularly appropriate, and all the less so that it did not afford the central figures of the glorifica tion an opportunity of displaying their abilities prior to taking their departuro from amongst us. Howover, the audience did not assemble for the sake of tho entertainment, but rather to sec and hear tho managers who had so long catered for their amusement, and who were to be seen and heard on the stago of Melbourne for the last timo under existing conditions. The " parting " was arranged with highly dramatio effeots, and was no doubt carefully rehearsed, as it was very properly regarded by the managers as the affair of the evening. During one of the intervals tho curtain was raised, and there in tho oentre of the stage Bat (please note) Messrs. Brough and Bouoicault surrounded by the mombers of tho oompany, liko tho patri archal ohiefs of a noble houso whoso record had been ever one of glory and high renown. It is unnecessary to say that the family group was greeted with rounds of applause. The senior partner, Mr. Brough first rose, and his coming forward to tho footlights was a signal for a fresh outburst of approbation. Mr. Brough personally is only known to his own circle, but judging from collateral ciroumstances no less thnn knowiedgo of him as an notor wo should say that he possesses the frank nnd unaffected manners of a thorough Euglishman, and that ho is above all things sincere. It was no surprise, therefore, that his little valedictory address proved worthy of both bis head and heart. Ho and his friend Mr. Boueicault had heen nearly eight years associated with tho Mel- ' bourne stage, and during all tbat timo he said ' tho public had extended to them tho warmest expressions of friendship and regard, and that they had done so to suoli an extent that simply rendered him inoapablo of expressing his senso of gratitude. It was hard to say " good bye " to suoh kind friends, but ho assured them none regretted more than ho and his friend that thoy should have to speak it. "When, they started upon their managerial career they determined upon producing good entertain- ' ments, and to advance as far as possible the oause of the dramatio art in Australia. Thty had not been as succosBful as they oould have wished, but ho thought they would all acknow ledge that they had to some extent aohieved their objeot. They bad been fortunate in their company, many of whom would go with them, they were fortunato in other mnttors, and they had to thank tiie press for muoh that thoy had accomplished. He might say that their leaving Melbourno was not tho effect of any sudden impulse. They had long contemplated some thing of the kind, for they fcarod that they had outstayed their welcome. The public required freshness and novelty, and tho people of Mel bourne did not differ from others in that res pect. It was marvcllons to him how Melbourne nnd Sydnoy supported the many theatres that thoy did. The audiences to which he played in both cities he had always found generous and appreciative. They had had good and ill for tune omongst them, but is was a gratification to loavo amidst expressions of mutual regard. Thoy would never forget their Melbourne friends ; to tho skill and attention of one of them ho had owed his lifo. He could never forget that debt, though he might bo unablo to repay it. With evident feeling, Mr. Brough resumed his seat amidst renewed npplauso. It was then Sir. Boucicault's turn. This young gcntlemnn, from tomperament rather thnn desire, has not got the ingratiating qualities of his senior partner, and wlmt is very unusual, his personal peculiarities aro reflected in the stylo of his aoting and the characters in which lie appears. He has dono good work, however, and apart from many high olass im personations, wo can quite believe, as he stated in tbo course of bis remarks, that he had ' superintended the productions at tbe Bijou for somo time. It is generally understood that whilo the actors acknowledge his ability and ex perience, they "confound" his expletive par ticularity. It is manifest that lie has a very wholesome estimate of his personal capacity, and one or two remarks were not far from produoing a jar, though wo acquit him of any intent to utter anything unpleasant. Ho said that the management from the first had sought to gain public confidence. Many of their friends pre dicted, failure and, to somo extent, thoy wero . right. Ho and Mr. Brough had not devoted their energies exclusively to making monoy. It was not with them a matter of pounds, shillings and penoe. They felt that they had a grave - responsibility attaohing to their position, and : that they could elevate, or, if thoy chose, - degrade, tho drama. They had tried to olevato it. Their efforts had resulted to some extent in failure, becauso the Mclbourna publio did not support them sufficiently to warrant them in continuing the heavy mental, physical and financial strain that snob an under taking imposed. This was, perhaps, mora truthful than palatable, nud to that extent was appreciated. In bidding farewell to the Bijou company it is only justico to acknowledge the undeviating courtesy and kindness of thoir busi ness manager, Mr. Alexander Maync, who, to a great extent, was instrumental in sustaining the popularity of the thoatro with the very best, or at least tho most appreciative, class of play goers in Melbourno. His unobtrusive manners and quiot unostentatious style of management were most effective in the maintenance of dis cipline on the one hand and giving satisfaction to tho publio on tho other; and whether ho ' accompanies Messrs. Brough and Boueicault to - Sydney or remains in Melbourne, playgoers generally will always be pleased to hear of his prosperity. Tile Frinoess's Theatre has remained closed during the week, and will bereoponcd this even ing for tho Christmas pantomime, Ali Baba, which was such a phenomenal success last year in Sydney. Tho leading artists of the Gaiety Company have boon rotaincd, together with Mr. " Snazelle and other publio favorites. Tho Theatre Royal will bo rcoponcd this evening for the new pantomime, Rubin Hood and the Babes in the Wood. Tho leading artists inoludo Miss Beamstor, Miss Bashall (who was voted a groat success in tho pantomime last year at Sydney), Mr. J. Gourlay, Mr. G. P. Carey and others. A military emotional play was revived on Saturday night at tho Opera Houso, entitled Current Cash, by a company tho loading mem bers of which are Miss Marion Willis and Mr. Bootliman. Despite the many counter attractions tho houso was fairly filled, and, though tho stage appliances might suffer by comparison with the displayBmade by more opulent managements, yet, it was dear that those identified with tho now venture were animated by a laudable sense of appropriateness and resolved to make the most of their available resources with evidently slender means. Current Cash is of tho Family Herald order of stories, and just sufficiently exciting, emotional, humorous aud romantic to gratify tho not particularly critioal tasto of Eliza Jano, tho cook, and the sympnthetio Mary, tho soullery maid. Tho prologue ombraoes ovonts supposed to ocour 10 years anterior to tbe inoidents of tbo play itself. Tho audionco is treated to the spootaolo, partly in imagination and partly in reality, of a military execution. Tho victim is a British offioor, Captain Milton, who, in a moment of passion, when oharged with cowardice, had struok his superior officer. Ho employs a friend, Major Challis, to write a will at his dictation, who utilises the opportunity to submit a dooument ; of ft. different tendency for bis signature,1 whereby he is. nblo subsequently to seoure possession of. tho property for- liimsclf, A rod is orontod 1 for liis bnokbytlio prosenoo of Ex-prlvnto Bowles, tho eomio man, . who merci lessly levies blaokmail on Obnllis under threat. of exposing tho fraud, oonnooted with. the. will.' Thero is also another: cx-privato of tho same regiment who dopletos the major's pocket, and gives him; much reason for objurgation. Mrs. Milton and her daughter also oomo upon the soone, like Banquo's. ghost at: the banquet,; to reproaoh the man who had robbed them of everything. Tho winked major in desperation is drivonto tho not uncommon expedient, of trying, to got rid of Captain Milton's widow by fastening upon her a charge of theft. He, how- over, fails in his purpose, and: falls himsolf into tho hands of tho Philistines, ultimately suffer ing the due penalty of his long series of . frauds, while tho young couples are united,, and tho widow disoovors in the groat unknown tho ono she had mourned aB-lost to hor- for over. Miss Marion Willis may be oroditod.with a thorough knowledge of tho teohnlquo of. her. profession, but suffers from.n.tondency to staginoss.. Tho olass of omotioual dramas whioh. she usually appears in oauseB this, rather than any laok of discernment and. intolli- gonco on her part. Tho consciousness also of having to faoc an up hill strugglo at this poriod of goneial depression must liavo its weight, so that this lady, desorvos sympatiiy rather than oousura. for nuy little defects thnt might bo observed, in. her noting. Mr. . Baothman, ns the onptain who issupposod to havo been axeoutcd, played with his aooustomod vigor. Ho has a habit of posing pioturosquely and oxpress- iug liiiuauiL uiciiiuuuiisiy — qualities noc Wltuout thoir effoot. upon tho groundlings and the donizons of the upper regions, but calculated to make tho judicious grieve. At, the same time, Mr. Bbothmau is a. useful and experienced actor, who deserves more at tho hands of fortune than his ohequcrod stage: oareor would seem to indioatc. Mi'. Oainbourne is yet a tyro. It seems but 'as yesterday when ho was a dis- tinguished nmatcur. To-day he is a full blown professional, .with an inclination for eomio parts. Ho plays Bowlos with some dogroo of; humor. Ho lias yot muok to learn, but lie is still young, wlion daily experience nets like a sohoolmastcr whoso sense of juBtioo is tempered with cloinonoy. Miss Ruth Grey is not devoid of merit,. and Miss Koutz, in . the small part of Sybil, shows a certain degtco of. capacity. Tho Vivians have- again, takon a lease of the Alexandra Theatre, whioh lias boen open during tho week with A Woman of the Pooplo ns the piece dc resistance. This drama. is a regular blood ourdler, and illustrates tho shocking con- soquonoos— morally and physically— of a oraving for ardent: liquors. . The: habitues, of this theatro are' acoustomed to things- highly seasoned,' but wo doubt if thoy-wore ovor treated to anything in tho shape of an object so hot and strong, and plentiful. Uncommonly: callous indeed must bo the- man or woman who could gnze upon tho wreak thnt Ooupoau hnsbcaomo in L'Assomoir without' revolting at tho very thought- of .intemperance, and this . is the pur port of. the drama that is-now drawing demons trative, if not: numerous, audienceB at. this theatre. Tho Cogill Brothors. are doing excellent busi ness at St. George's Hnll. . A special pro grammers announced for Boxing night. Tho Waxworks participates in tho gradual revival of public interest in nttraotivo entertain ments. Some novolties will be provided, for Ohristmas, and these, in addition, to the ordi nary features of the establishment, should give rue native anu oniorprising mannger every pros- poet of an excellent harvest during the Christinas carnival. One: of the- special attractions for holiday folks during the Christmas season, is tho Santa- Ohus Festival nt the Exhibition, whoroin tho vigorous delights of athelotia prowess are to bo combined with the dalliance of terpsiohorean grace- and the alluring obnrms of musio. Translated into tho vernacular; this will mean that an intercolonial exhibition of axe men's. skill in wood chopping and sawing con tests will be provided. Similar displays are very popular in Tasmnnia and New Zealand, where they nro hold to be quite as exeiting ns the tug of war. A large number of competitors have been attraotud by tho oiler of liberal prizes,, and theronro many Victorian axemen from Gippslnnd nnd other forest country who are anxious to test their skill against the praotised champions from the island oolony. The eontcsts will be chopped off in boats, and judging from the programme, it seems passible thnt a good deal of variety can bo introduced in the entertninmcnt. Rcforcnco is made in another column to tho musical features of tho festival. Mr. Fillis has finally decided . to remain with his oirous in Syduoy throughout the Olirishmas holidays,, nnd tho- chief attrac tion will' bo nn ontiro novelty to Australia in tho slinpo of a " wntoi pantomime." It is, perhaps, neaossnry to explain what this is, and how it is done. Tho ring will bo oonvorted into n complete lalto, upwards of 50,000 gallons of water will he pumped into the arena ntcaoli performance, and therein will be carried out a pantomime on a most completo : soale. Boats will ply frequently, across the lake, in whioh pantumimists of nil kinds will nppenr, nnd go through a most amusing entertninmcnt, lasting about an hour. The total costof the production will be about £2000. In addition to thu water pantomime, tho usual oirous entertninmcnt will, of oourso, bo given. In PariB and London tho water pantomime ennsod an immense sensation. The first performance is fixed for Boxing night, after whioh thero will bo two performances daily throughout tho Ohristmas and New Year's holidays. Melbourne, and indeed Australian, plnygoors will deeply rogrot to lonrn the intelligence, con tained in South African papers just arrived, of the death. of Mrs, Ghristino Darroll, tho young, popular nnd promising aclrosB. Mrs. Darroll accompanied her husband, Mr. George Dnrrell, to Oapo. Oolony this year, and' while on tour there she. was. atlaoked at Johannesburg. by dyaentory, to which she sucoumbed oarly in November Inst, As MisB Christine. I'sanhair. tho deooased : aotressi. who, was. a.natlvo o£ Melbourne, mado hor first nppcaraneo as a lead- mg member -of Mrs; G.'B..-\Y; Lowis's.dramatio company; . Her: talent, dbveloped: with:, her years,, and'.sho was looking! forward :to tho -tost of n season on-tho London- boards:. with hor husband,- when- at the early -ago of 25 hot life tuua sadly ondod.' 