3?HE HINDOO AND THE CHBISTIAN DOCTBINE OP THE TRANSMIGRA- TION OF THE SOUL CONTRASTED. In the Port Congregational Church on Sunday evening last, the Rev. J. C. Kirby preached on the above subject, taking as his text, John iii. 36. " He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life." STATE AID TO IDOLA.TBY, He said there are two hundred and seven millions of belivers in the Hindoo religion. The British in India, in an indirect manner, give state aid to this religion to about the amount of two and one-thud millions of pounds sterling per annum. "Whi'e the Government supply this vast sum to back up idolatry, sundry foolish people are full of wonder that the comparatively few thousands a year spent on Christian missions in India do not accomplish greater results. A GEAVE QUESTION. Seeing their numbers are so vast and that we are seeking to overthrow their religion by means of missions, and to put Christ into the position of the religious Master of India, and Father, Son and Holy Ghost, the Triune God in place of Brahma, Siva and Vishnu; it is well for us to see how much better Christ is than the ancient religion of India. I propose to do this at the present time by showing^ that the Christian doctrine of the transmigration of the soul is vastly better than the miserable doctrine of transmigration which the Hindoos have believed between two and three thousand years. THE HINDOO DOCTBINE OP TEAJTSMIGBATION. The devout Hindoo looks upon his body as a most dreadful curse, for he considers that it is by means of the body that he is subject to imperfections, infirmities, and all manner of sufferings. But according to the Hindoo religion, to get rid of a body altogether is for the human soul a matter of immense difficulty, and is generally the work of thousands of years. Manu, the supreme teacher of the Hindoos, their Moses in fact, teaches that the soul, will have to be born many times into different bodies, not simply into many human bodies, but also into those of animals, before it gets born into a really good Hindoo's body, and finally gets rid of every body and then as a naked and purified soul falls into rest in the bosom of Brahm, not to be tormented any -more with bodies for some millions of years. Hinduism teaches that if you carry out its rites and ceremonies you will be born after you have died into a higher body at the next time of birth, so that a man might be born if he was a good Hindoo next time into a better body, and next time by going through all the penances, into a still better body, and so on. But if you are not a good orthodox Hindoo, why the next time you are born you may be born into the body of an ox or a toad or a sheep Of course if you fall back from the body of a man, say into a toad, you have lost ground immensely on the road to Brahma and final rest. Though in reality that is not final for after resting in Brahma for a few million years, you have to go over all the trouble and the sorrow and the borning and the dying again Now they call this parsing of the soul from one body to another—this succession of births and deaths—" Awagawan,'' and the final deliverance from all bodies " Mukti," that is salvation. By " Awagawan," they mean coming and going jn and out of bodies by birth and death. The Rev. S. Knowles, M.A., a distinguished clergyman of the Methodist Episcopal church of America, says, " to the Hindoo who thinks about the future at all, the doctrine of transmigration appears like a night-mare. It lies a leaden weight upon his heart. It seems to him as hopeless to get to rest in Brahma by the road of transmigration as filling the tub pierced •with holes appeared to the eternally doomed daughters of Danaus. WHAT THE GOSPEL CONSIDEES TO BE THE FOUNTAIN OF SOBBOW. The gospel does not regard your bodies as your curse. It is quite true that through your bodies you have much pain and trouble; but the Gospel thinks that that which is your great trouble is the sin that is in your soul. According to the Bible your bodies would never have got into any bother, trouble or pain but for sin. Sin is the vile monster' " the body is dead because of sin." «J3y sin came death," that is death to human bodies. The Apostle is not discussing about how death came to animals. TUe Hindoo is wrong. The root of the misery r human beings is the wickedness that is in their souls. Christ says, " Murders, adulteries, deceits," &c.;, proceed out of the heart-that is, t of the centre of the human soul. Ail the °ancers the consumption, the kidney disease, the indigestions are in reality the accursed fruits -?i,: n the body of the accursed sin within the v Witp gin j sin r j sin !!! sin !!! 1 is the foun- '• ^ sorrow to man. Sin causes all creation v +ravail together in pain until now. Sin has J g h t sympathetic sorrow into the very heart of the Eternal Father, and nailed his only begotten Son to the accursed tree. CHRISTIAN TRANSMIGRATION. According to the proper ideal of human development, as set forth in Genesis, and as intimated by the ascension of Enoch and Elijah without dying, there would have been no transmigration of the human soul from one body to another. If mankind had remained innocent they would gradually have developed here on earth, each one like Enoch abiding on the earth many years, walking with God, drinking in spiritual forces into the soul from God, the fountain of living waters. Each also would partake of that material food which grew on the tree of life of Paradise which was instinct with the power of bodily immortality. This would have gone on till their earthly human nature, which is but a bud, burst into the blossom of heavenly human nature ; then each human nature, as it burst into blossom, like Enoch would have passed into the skies. However, mankind yielded to temptation which came from another race of persons of angelic nature, and so transgressed the law of God. They sinned, and then by sin this body became so damaged at its very foundation that it has to be dissolved by death. The soul is stripped naked, and then if we be found in Christ the soul enters a new body at the glorious day of resurrection. " It is sown a natural body, it is raised a spiritual body there is a natural tbody, and there is a spiritual body." This is the doctrine of Christian transmigration. There will come a forsaking of this coarse and corrupt tabernacle of clay, this vile body of humiliation, made so by our awful sin. There will come to the Christian a grand final birth into a new, immortal, and glorious body, which, like Christ's glorious body shall die. GRANDEUR AND POWER OF THE RESURRECTION BODY. Pilgrims through this vale of tears, Christ preaches to men the tidings of transcendent hope, Christianity believes in glory, full orbed like the sun at high noon. Cast that ugly little seed into the ground. There in the ground it ferments and nearly every atom of it dies. Behold the full corn in the ear, waving in its beauty, bathed in floods of light. Compare that ugly little seed down in the dark, fermenting •with decay, and the fall corn in the ear waving in the sun-light. This gives you some intimation of the glory of that body into which the soul of the Christian shall transmigrate on the resurrection day, in contrast with our present vile body. Take the butterfly. First there is the eartbly ugly crawling worm- Then there is the aerial, the winged splendour of the psyche, flying upward to the light, or drinking the dews and nectars of the flowers. The splendour of the winged butterfly when compared with the worm but dimly shadows out the gorgeous splendours of the body of the true Christian that shall be on the day of resurrection. The body we now have is limited to five senses. No doubt the body of the resurrection will have more senses, for it is reasonable to believe that the glorious universe of the great God has many other essential qualities beside those which are apprehensible by our present bodies of clay. How many more we know not, for as regards the body even as the soul " It doth not yet appear what we shall be, but when He, our ascended and glorified Saviour, shall appear, we shall be like Him." The body we now have binds us and fits us for this little planet earth. That body of the future will fit us to dwell in the glorified universe spoken of as the new heaven and the new earth. We shall be equal to the angels. "We know that they can move from world to world with a rapidity which leaves electricity a laggard, and can pass from heat to cold in their most tremendous degrees without the least pain or inconvenienee from the ever- varying conditions. We shall have an intensity of vision surpassing the strongest telescope and microscope. As an able writer says, " The glorified body will certainly possess one new sense far surpassing in intrinsic value and might all our earthly senses. That transcendent sense will be the power to behold the grand and final secret -of the universe," That is to say, we shall be able to see that most subtle and etherial and eternal of substances, we shall be able to see the very being of Almighty God. Hence, Christian soul, thou hast one, and only one, transmigration in front of thee. Thou wilt leave this corruptible, and bye-and-bye thou shalt put on in-corruption. Thou wilt put off this mortal; but thou wilt put on immortality. In thy own delicious experience, mortality will be swallowed up of life. Then, O soul, having the use of this delightful and immortal body, thou wilt be in a position to enjoy the fulness of the pleasures at God's right hand. And so, Christian, thou shalt abide for ever, body, soul, and spirit as holy and as happy as holy and happy can" be. CONCLUSION. How superior is the Gospel to the religion of the Hindoos. Manu puts the Hindoos altogether on the wrong scent. He makes out that sin and sorrow have their source and root in the body, and that Brahm will force BOUIS to go through a whole succession of bodieB, that is of births and deaths. So Manu thinks salvation consists in getting rid of every kind of body. Whereas Christ puts us on the right scent by telling us that the root of sin and sorrow is i* the soul, and that salvation iB to get the sin clean out of the soul so that not a spot remains. Further, Ohrist volunteers to help us to get entirely rid of sin both in its guilt and power. When Paul cried out " Who shall deliver me ? " Paul triumphantly answers himself, saying, " I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord." How sublime and perfect is Christ's salvation. When the work of grace is done, when it b»9 fully wrought its effects in the souls of belivers. Then Christ will present each and all of his people spotless before the throne of God with exceeding joy. So the Christian can sing with Dr. Watts— And I shall share a glorious part, When grace hath well refined my heart. We do well, therefore, to put the Hindoos on the right scent, and deliver them from the wrong scent, by pointing them to Him who is " called Jesus, because he shall save his people from their sins." Excepting the Hindoos come under the influence of Jesus they _ must abide in everlasting sorrow, because without his help they will abide in everlasting sin. Manu gives the Hindoo a wrong conception of the body. Christ not only gives aright conception of the body but he will give us an actual body, not subject to human infirmity, suffering, pain, or casualty; but a body ruled by our sanctified and glorified spirit, which body will abide spotless. And the impulses rismg from this splendid body will, excite and incite the soul to all that is holy and good. 'Twill be a spiritual body, a body prepared of the Holy Ghost as was the body of Christ. Hindoo salvation is poor, starved, miserable, salvation at the best. Its method of salvation by the transmigration of the soul through many bodies is miserable to think of, and saddens the life of myriads in India. It is salvation from the wrong thing, from body, not from sin. It is only the salvation of a part of a human being—the soul. Christ's salvation in its splendid grandeur is the salvation of the total human being—body, soul and spirit, and that for ever. India ! when we send Christ to thee we send thee the great salvation. India! Manu's method of salvation requires hundreds of births into and painful deaths^ out of all sorts of bodies, requires many sufferings, many comings and goings, much " Awagawan." By Christ, who is able to save unto the uttermost all that come to God by him, essential salvation comes in a moment. "He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life." India! Forsake then the profitless teachings of Manu and learn of that Jesus who is meek and lowly of heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls. 