JN ADA,c,rTRE^LILY. I KO fBy H. EIDEE HABÖABD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, uv H. KIDER HAGGARD. gi P f ¡ BIQBTS HS8BBVKD.] CHAPTER Xiii GALAZI BECOMES KIXO OF THE WOLVES. ON tho morrow TJmBlopogaas awoke, and . know that strength was growing on him fust. Still, all that day he rested in the enve, while : Galazi went out to hunt. In the evening 'He returned, bearing n huck upon his , shoulders, and they skinned the buck and .? ate of it as they sat by the lire. And when ? the sun was down Gnlazi took up his tale. * Now, Umslopogaas, son of Mopo, hear. I had passed the forest, and had come, as ,.".it were, to tho legs of the old stone Witch : who sits up aloft there for ever waiting for ' the world to die. Here tho sun shone "merrily, here lizards rau and birds flew to vand fro, and though it grew towards the ; evening-for I had wandered long in the ; forest-I was afraid no more. So I climbed 'lip the steep rock, where little bushes grow [ like hair on the arms of a man, till at last I . came to the knees of the stone Witch, which are the space before the cave. I lifted my head over the brink of the rock and looked, '¿lid I tell you, Unislopogaas, my blood ran .cold arid my heart turned to water, for thore, -.before the cave, rollod wolves, many and great. Some Blept and growled in their ... . ' sleep, some gnawed at tho skulls of dead game, souio sat up like dogs and their ^tongues huug from their grinning jaws. I looked, I saw, nnd beyond I discovered tho mouth bf tho cave, where tho bones of the boy should bo. But I had no wish, to como thero who was afraid of tho wolves, for now I know that these were tho ghosts who live upon the mountain. So I bethought mc that I would fly, aud turned to go. And, .Umslopogaas,. even as I turned, tho groat club Watcher of the Fords swung round aud smoto mo on tho back such a blow as a man suites upon a coward. Now, whether this was by .chance or whether the Watcher .would shaine bim who bore it, say you, fori I do riot know.. At the least, shame entered into mo. ; Sould I go back to be mocked by ¿he people of the kraal and by the old woman ? And if I would go, should I not be killed by tho ghosts at night in tho forest? Nay, it was better to die in tho jaws of wolves, and at once. Thus I thought in my heart ; then, tarrying not, lest fear should come upon mo again, I swung up the Watcher, and crying aloud tho war-cry of the Hnlaknzi, I sprang over the brink of the rack and rushed upon tho wolves. They, too, sprang up and stood howling, with bristling hides and fiery ey CB, and the smell ofjthem came into my nostrils. Yet when thoy saw it was a man that rushed upon thom, they wore seized with sudden fear and flew this way and that, leaping with great bounds from the place of rock, which is the knees of the stone Witch, so that presently I stood alone in front of .the cave. Now, having conquered the wolf ghosts and no blow struck, my heart swelled within me, and I:walked to the mouth of the eave proudly, as a cock walks upon a roof, and looked in through the opening. As it chanced, tho sinking sun shone at this hour full into the cave, so that nil its darkness was made red with light. ' Then, once more, Umslopogaas, I grew afraid indeed, for I could see the eud of the cave. 'Look now! There is a hole in tho wall of the caye, wliere^thé firelight falls below the,shadow of the'roof, twice the height of a man from "the floor. It" is a narrow hole, anda high ono, is it not P-as though one had cut it with iron, and a man might sit in it, his legs hanging, to tho floor ; of 'tho cave. Ay, Umslopogaas,- a man might sit in, it, might he not? And there a man sat, or that which'bad been a man. There sat tho bones of a man, and the black..skin; bad withered on his bones, holding them together, and making him- awful to see. His hands were open bosidehim, he leaned upon them, and in his right -hand was-a piece of hide from his moocha. It was half eaten, Umslo- pogaas; he had eaton it before he. died, His eyes also were bound round with a band of lenthor, as though to hide something from their gnzoj ono foot was gone,ono hungover the edge of the nicho towards tho floor, and beneath it on the floor lay the blade of a broken Bpenr, 'Now, como hither, Umslopogaas, placo your.hand .upon tho wall of the cave, just herc ; it is Bmootb, is it not?-smootl'i as the stones oh which women grind their corn. ' "What made it so smooth ?' you ask. I will tell you. . : 'Whon I peered, through tho door of tho cavo I Baw tbiB : on tho floor of tho cave lay a she wolf: panting, as though slio had gal- loped (many a milo ; BIIO was very great and iierc&5* Near'to'her was another wolf-he was a dog-old and black, bigger than any I nave' seen, a very father of wolves, and all his hoad and jlanks wore streaked with grey. But thin wolf Iwns on his feet. AB I watched he drew back to tho mouth of the cave, thon of n sudden he ran forward and . bounded high,into;,thofah' towards the withered foot i>£ tlmt which" hung from the cleft of tho rock. His pads struck upon the rock here where it is smooth, and there for'a second he soeined to cling, while his-great jaws closed with a clash' but a spoar's breadth beneath the dead man's foot. Thon he fell back with a howl of rage, and drew slowly down the cave. Again he rau and leaped^ again the grent jaws closed, again ho fell down howling. Then tho she-wolf arose, and they sprang togethor, striving to pull him down who sat above. But it was all in vain ; they could never come nearer than within a spear's breadth of tho dead man's foot. And Mow,"XTmslopognas, you know why the rock is Binootli ana. shines. ürom lnontn to month and year to year the wolves have ravened I there,'seeking to devour tho bones of him 'who sat above. Night upon night they had leaped.thus against the wall of tho cave, but never might their clashing jaws close upon bis foot. Ono foot they had, indeed, hut th'ô'other they, might not come hy. ¡ ' Now, as I watched, filled with fear and wonder, the sho-Svolf, her. tongue ilolling $rom her jawB, made so mighty a bound that "SEo almost reached the'hanging , roof, and yet' not quite. She fell back, and then I saw that.the leap was her last for that time; for Bh'e'bhd ovorsprung horsolf, and'lay there ?howling, tho'black flood-.flowing from , her jnouth--The-wolf-lay-also ; . bo'drew near, éniffed at 'her, then, knowing thnt sho :wás hurt, seized hor by. tho throat and, worried her. c N/ow'all the placo Waa 'filled with groans and choaking, howls, as the wolves rolled over and over beneath; him who sat above, and in tho blood-red: light of the rid that I trembled liko a child. The she wolf grew faint, for the^white ¿fangs of her mate were buried- in her throat; Then I saw that now was the time'to s'mito hor, lest when he hod killed lier ho.8houldJnU,mev n]BO.:i9p;| i*liftodítho:Watcher aad* sprang into tho] cave, having it in my uiiud to *l«y the wolf before he lifted up his head. But ho heard my footsteps, or perhaps my shadow fell upon him. Loosing his grip, he looked up, this father of wolves ; then, making no sound, he sprang straight at my throat. I saw him, and whirling the "Watcher aloft, I smote with all my strength. Tho blow met him in mid- air; it fell full on his chest mid struck him backwards to tho earth. But there he would not stay, for, rising before I could smite again, once more ho sprang at mo. This time I leaped aside and smote down- wards, and the blow fell upon his right leg and broke it, so that he could spring no moro. Yet ho ran at me on three feet, and though the club fell on his side, he ueizvd me with his teeth, biting through that leather bag which was wound about my middle, into tho flesh behind. Then I yelled with pain and rage, and lifting tho Watcher endways, drove it down with both hands, as a mau drives a stake into thu earth, and that with so great a stroke that the skull of the wolf was shattered like a pot, and he fell dead, dragging mo down with him. Presontly 1 sat up on the ground, and, forcing the handle of the Watcher between his jaws, levered them open, freeing my flesh from the grip of his teeth. Then I looked'at my wounds, they were not deep for the leather bag bad saved me, yet I feol them to this hour, for there is poison in the mouth of a wolf. Presently 1 glanced up, and saw that tho she-wolf had found her feet again, and stood as though unhurt ; for this is the naturo of these ghosts, TJmslopogaas, that, though they fight continually, they cannot destroy each other. They may bo killed by man alone, and that hardly. There she stood, and yet she did not look at me or on her dead mate, but at him only who sat above. I saw, and crept softly, behind .her, then, lifting the Watcher, I dashed him down with all my strength. The blow fell on her neck and broke it, so that she rolled over and at once was dead. ' ' Now I rested awhile, then wont to . the mouth of, the cave and looked out. The sun was sinking ¡ all the depth of forest was black, but the light still Bhône on the face of the stone woman who Bits for over on tho mountain. Here, then, I. must bide this night, for, though the moon shone white and full in the sky, I dared not wend towards tho plains alone with the wolves and tho ghosts. And if I dared not go alone, how much leas should I dare to go bealing with mc him who sat in the cleft of tho rock ! Nay, here I must bide, so I went out of tho cavo to the spring which flows from the rock on the side of the cave and washed my. wounds and drank. Then I came back and sat in the mouth of the cave, and watched the light dio away from thefaco of the world. While it was dying there was silence, but when it was dead the forest awoke. A wind sprang up and tossed it till the green of its boughs waved like troubled water on which the moon shines faintly. From tho heart of it, too, came the howling of ghosts and wolves, that wore answered by howls from the rocks above - hearken, TJmslopogaas,, such,.bowlings, .as wo hear to-night! It was awful here in the mouth of the cave, for I had; not yet learned'the secret of the stone, and if I had learned it, should I have dared to close it; leaving myself alone .with the dead wolves and him whom the wolves had struggled' to tear down ? I ? walked out yonder on the plat- form and looked up.' Themoon shone full upon the face of the. stone Witch who. sits aloft for over. . She seemed to grin at me, and, oh ! I grew afraid, for now I knew that this was a place of dead men, a place where spirits perch like vultures in a tree, as they Bwoep round and round the world. I; went buck to the cave, and feeling that I must do something lest I'should .go mad, I drew to me the carcase, of the: great , dog-wolf which I had killed, and,'taking my.knife of iron, I began to skin it by the light of the/moon. For'an hour or more I skinned, singing to myself' as I worked, and striving to forget him who sat. in the cleft above and the howlings which , ran "about tho mountains; But over tho moonlight shone more clearly into the cave; now by it.I could see his shape of bone and skin, ay, and even the bandage about his eyes. Why had ho tied it there ? I wondered-perhaps to hide the faces of the fierce wolvea as they sprang upwards, to grip-him. ' And always the howlings drew nearer; now I could see grey forms creeping to and'fro in.the shadows of the rocky place" before mé.N Ah ! there before me glared two red.eyes; a sharp snout sniffed at the carease which I skinned. With a yell, I lifted the Watcher and smote. . There; came a scream, of pain, and something galloped away, into the > shadows. ? :"^Now the skin was off. ' least it behind' . me, and seizing tho carcase dragged it to the edge of the rock and left'it.'Presently the howling drew, near, again ; again I saw. the grey shapes" creop~up*one"by"one.Now ; they gathered round.-tho carcase, now they ¡ felljUppñ it and reut.it, fighting,horribly, till alli was; fiuished; vjThen, licking their.red chops, they sluiik .back to the fo'reBt.: ".."<. '. :!,',-* Did l' 8leep bi-idid 1 wake ? Nay, I-do not know. . - But I know ; this, that r of a sudden I seemed to look up and see. I saw a light- perchance'ITmslópogaas, it was the light of the moon shining upon him.that sat aloft at the end of the cave. It was a red light, and he glowed in it- os glows a thing that" is rotten. I looked, .or seemed to look, and..then I .thought that tho hanging jaw moved, and from it came a voice, that was liarsh and hollow as of one who speaks from nn empty belly, through a withered throat.,, .' 'Hail,. Galazi,. child of Siguyana !' said , the voice. ,*',Galazi ".the : Wolf L Say, what dost'. thou^here*M'n::the^:tQ.hosti;Mountain,, where the'stone Witch sits for ever, waiting for the world to die ?' ": " _ " ' Then,'^"ü*mslopbgá'as, 'X -'answered, or seemed ! lp . answer, and my ' voice, ' loo, sounded strange and hollow--,, ' ? , , ; 1 'Hail, Dead One, ; who sittest like a vulture on a rock.; I do this on the Ghost Mountain. I como to seek thy bones and bear them to thy mother for burial.'. T* . ' ' Many and many a year have I sat aloft, Galazi,' answered itho voice, ' watching the ghost-wolves1, leap 'and leap to drag mo do Wn j till the i rock - grew1 smooth beneath < the wearing ,¡of , their.,twolvés ' belów, and : hunger gnawing; ;at[iny heart, s : So.Ti have' sat manyiand^mony'a -year,'being'dead' in tho heart of ; tho old.?stone "Witch; watching tho moon, and the sun and-"tho stirs, ; hearkening , to. the-howls. pf ,ther ghost wolves as1 they'ravened1 beneath' mo, and learning: of -the ' wisdom 'of tho' old witch; who '-'sita- above in-everlasting1 stone. fYet ray' mother was young arid ? fair whén ï; troll' thoihaunted forest and olimbed the knees of stone^iî How.-.aeoms:she now; Galazi î.'i.'t ' ' She. is^whito and wrn3kled_and.:. voy- aged,'Tinsrçérëd,'^ call ,her madl"yei!_ át'hor; bidding I '¡¿iim6\tq.. Beek '.thee, De'ad Oneijbearingi'the "Watcher that was thy fatHerTB-andllhallfbe mine.' . .XAKABOUU ,'.(;;.f ,:.r.'"3'i...Hns£3ÍU . lt shall be thine, Galazi,' said the voice, ' for thou alone hast dared the ghosts to give me Bleep and burial. Hearken, thine also shall bo the wisdom of the old witch who sits aloft for ever, frozen into everlast- ing stone-thine and one other's. These are not wolves that thou hast seen, that is no wolf which thou hast slain ; nay, they nre ghosts-evil ghosts of men who lived in ages gone, and who must now live till they be slain of men. And knowest thou how they lired, Galazi, and what was the food they ate ? TY hen the light comes again, Galazi, climb to the breasts of the Btone Witch, and look in the cleft which is between her breasts. There shalt thou see how these men lived. And now this doom is on them : they must wander gaunt and hungry iu the shape o£ wolves haunting that G boat Mountain where once thoy fed, till they are led forth to die at the bands of men. Because of their devouring hunger have they leaped from year to year, striving to reach my bones ; and he whom thou hast slain was tue king of them, and she at his side was tho queen. Now, Galazi the Wolf, this is the wisdom that I give thee : thou shalt be king of the ghost-wolves, thou and another, whom a lion shall bring j thee. Gird the black skin upon thy I shoulders, and . tho wolveB shall follow thee; all tho three hundred and sixty and i three of them that aTe left, and let bim who j shall be brought to thee gird on the skin of grey. Where yo twain lead them, there shall they raven, bringing you victory till all are slain. But know this, that there only may they raven where in life they ravened, seeking for their food. Yet, that was' an ill gift thou tookost from my mother-the gift of the Watcher, for though without tho Watcher thou hadst never Blain the king of the ghost-wolves, yet, bearing the Watcher, thou shalt thyself bo Blain. Now, on'the morrow carry me back to my mother, so that I may sleep where the ghost-wolves leap no moro. I have spoken, Galazi.' ' Now, the Dead Ono's voice seemed to grow over fainter and more hollow, as he spoke, till at the last I could scarcely bear his words, yet I answered him, asking this of him ' Who is it, then, that the lion shall bring to me to rule with me over the ghost-wolves, and how is he named ?' 'Then the Dead One spoke once more very faintly, yet in tho silence of the placel heard his words ' He is named Umslopogaas,the slaughterer son of Cbaka, Lion of the Zulu.' Now when Umslopogaas heard these words ho started up from his place by the fire. 'I am named Umslopogaas,' he said, ' but the Slaughterer I am not named, and l am the son of Mopo and . not the. son of Chaka, Lion of the Zulu; you have dreamed a dream, Galazi, or, if it was no dream, then the Dead One lied to you.' ' Perchance this was 'so, Umslopogaas,' answered Galazi the Wolf. ' Perhaps I. dreamed, or perhaps the Dead One lied ; nevertheless, if he lied in this matter,'in' other matters ho did not lie, as you shall hear.' ' After I had heard these words, or had dreamed that I heard them, I slept indeed, and when I woke the forest beneath was like the clouds for mist, but the grey light glinted upon the face of her who sits in stone above. Now, I remembered the dream that I had dreamed, and that_ I'would see if was all a dream.' So I rose, and, leaving the cave, found a place where I might climb up to the .breasts and head of the stone "Witch. 1 climbed, and as I climbed the rays of tho sun lit upon her face, and I rejoiced to see thom. But, when I drew, near, the likeness to tho face of a woman faded away, and I saw nothing before me but rugged heaps of piled up rock. Por this, Umslopogaas, is the way of witches,-be they of stone or flesh-when you draw near to them they change their shape. Now I was on tho-breast of the 'mountain, and wandered to and fro awhile' between great heaps of stone. At lengtli'I found, as it were, a crack in the stone thrice as wide as a man may jump,'and in length the half a spear's throw, and hear this crack stood great stones blackened by fire, and beneath. them broken pots and a knife of flint. I looked down into the crack- it was very deep, and green with moss, and tall ferns grew about in it, for the damp'gath- ered here. . There was nothing else. I had dreamed a lying dream. . I .turned to go, then found another mind, and climbed down into the cleft, pushing aside the ferns. '-; Be-' neath tho ferns was moss ; I scraped it away with the Watcher. Presently the iron :of the club - struck -on ? something - that- was yellow and round like a stone, and from the yellow thing came a hollow sound. I lifted it, Umslopogaas ; it'. was.the -skull-of a child/ ' I dug; deeper and scraped away more moss ; presently .saw. .-Beneath the moss was nothing but the bones of men-old bones that had lain there many years ; the ' little ones had rotted, the :large ones remained-^; 'some wore yellow, some black, and others' yet, white. They ; were, not " broken, ' as are those that hyenas and wolves ,have worried, yet on t'spmè of them I "could see tho marks of teeth. Then; .Umslopogaas,:! went back to the care, never looking behind nie.'- ,-.>..»*'..? ' ls ow, when 1 was come to, the cave I did .this : I skinned the she-wolf also. When'I had.done the Buri was up, and I knew, thatjit was time to go. Biit I must not go alone he who sat aloft in the .'cleft of the cave must go with me. I feared greatly to touch' him-this Dead Ono,''who had spoken to me in a dream ; yet'I must.do'it.' So I'brbught stones and piled theiriuptill I could reach him; then I lifted him down for"he was ? very light, being but skin and bones.' ; When he was down I bound the hides of the wolves about me, then, leaving, the leather bag, into - which he could not enter, I. tp.ok~.tjhe Dead One and placed him on, my shoulders, as a man might carry, a'child, for his legs : were fixed somewhat, apart, and holding him by that foot which was left on him, I Bet out for the kraal. Down the,., slope I went as swiftly-.as-I ..could, for - I-knew~my way, seeing and hearing-.nothing, except once, when there caine a rush of. wings, and a great eagle: ; s wept '-' d o wn ;. at that which sat upon my shoulders. I shouted,;, and the engle flew:away, then I entered the dark of. the forest. Here I must walk softly, lest the'-'head of 'him' I carried" should strike against the .boughs and'be smitten from him'. JFor a while, I went; on. th us, .till I drow near ;to';'thé 'heart'.'pf,'JthëjforestU!)ThënM, heárd,'a;Wol£;hpwl{onvmy¿ .right,' and- from' the a left came answering howls, and theso, again, were answered by others in front ond, behind ino.. I walked on. boldly, for I dared not.stay,.gmdi^, myselfbylthe" sun, which from^ime to-timo-shone down-on me-rodly. [through the^boughs^of the great trees.i Npw ¡I couTd~Beo' fpïmi,rgrey "and black slinking' [near my path, sniffing "at the air.as.they jwent/an'd'M and, ^behold'!-táU^the' wolves" in'thé -world: ,wei&g;â$her^-My^hearV n^idte&itty;'lègn'^mbTéi' beneath1 me/1- ^,63 every... »ide wuiu thu. brutes, great.,and hungry.'1 stood still, wthjsjub^ njoft/niid slowly they crept up, muttering aud growl- ing as they carne, till, they formed a deep circle round mp. Yot they did not spring on me, only drew nearer and nearer. Presently one sprang, indeed, but not at me, he sprang at that which sat upon my shoulders. I moved aside, and he missed his aim, and, coming to tho ground again, stood there growling and whining like a beast afraid. , Then I remembered the words of my dream, if dream it were, how the Dead One had given me wisdom that I should be king of the ghost-wolves I and another whom the lion should bear to me. "Was it not so ? If it was not so how came it that the wolves did not devour me ? For a moment I stood thinking, then I lifted up my voice and howled like a wolf, and lo ! Umslopogaas, all the wolves howled iu answer with a mighty howling. I stretched out my hand and called to them. They ran to me, gathering around me as though to devour me. But they did not devour me ; they licked my legs with their rod tongues, and fighting to como near me, pressed themselves against mo as does a cat. One, indeed, snatched at him who was on my shoulder, but I struck him with the "Watcher, and he slunk back like a whipped hound : moreover, the others bit him so that he yelled. Now, I knew that I had no more to fear, for I was king of the ghost-wolves, so I walked on, and with me came all the great pack of them. I walked on and on, and they trotted beside me silently, and the fallen lea vos crackled beneath their feet, and tho dust rose up about them, till at length I came to the edge of the forest. ' Now, [ remembered thot I must not.be seen thus of mon, lest they should think me a wizard and kill me. Therefore at the edge of the forest I. halted and made signs to the wolves to go back. At this they howled piteously, as though in grief, but 1 called to them that I would come again and be their king, and it seemed as though their brute hearts, understood my words./ Then; they all went, still howling; till presently I was alone. ; And now, Umslopogaas, it is time to sleep ; to-morrow night I: will end my tale.' 