NICK OF THE WOODS. CHAPTER XXI. — (CssnsESD. ) 44 The emigrants," Boland continued, with incoherent haste; 4 4 you brought them? They are pnrsuing the savages? they have rescued her ? Speak, Nathan —tell ' me all : tell me that my cousin is free !' 44 Truly, friend," muttered Nathan; 14 thee doth confuse both theeself and me with many questions. Do thee be content for awhile, till I chafe thee poor legs, which is like the legs of a dead man, ana tie up thee wounds. When thee can stand up and walk, thee shall know all I have to tell thee, both good and bad. It is enough thee is theeself safe." 44 Alas, I read it all from your looks," cried the soldier ; 14 Edith is still a prisoner : and I lie here, a miserable, crushed worm, incapable of aiding, unable even to die for her ! But the emigrants, my friends? they are at least urging the pursuit ? there is a hope they will retake her 44 Truly, friend," said Nathan, 44 thee shall know all, if thee will have patience, and hold thee tongue. If thee loves thee poor kinswoman, and would save her from cruel bondage and sorrow, ihee must to quiet till I havo put thee again upon thee legs ; and, after that, thee shall have my counsel and help to do what is good and proper for the maiden's redeeming." The bold attempt of Nathan to pass the line of besieger at the ruiu. it seemed, he hadaccnmplished without difficulty, though not without risk : but this part of the nar- rative he hurried over, ss well as his passage of the river, at a solitary and dangerous ford in the wildest recesses of tbe forest. Then, striking through the woods, and aiming for the distant station, he had arrived within but a lew mile? of it, when it was his fortune to stumble upon the band ot Regulators, who, after their memorable ex ploit atthe beech-tree, had joined tbe emi grants, then on their match through the wood, and conveyed them to tbe station . Here passing the uight in uiirih and frolic, they were startled, at an early hour, by the alarming intelligence, brought by a volunteer hunter, who had obtained it Dune could tell how, of the presence of the Indian army on the north side : and, leaving their friends to arm and folio was they could, the visitors immediately mounted their horses, to return to Brui.-e'.- station, and thence to seek the field of battle. To three unex pected friends, thus opportunely met in the woods, Nathan imparted his story. A council of war oeinz 'rolled on tbe spct, it w& resolved to gallop at once to the rescue of the travellers. Taking Nathauup. therefore, behind him, and bearing him along, to point out the position of the Indians, the gallant Tom Bruce, followed by his equally gallant com panions, dashed through the woods, and succeeded by daybreak in reaching the ruin ; where, as Nathan averred, so judiciously had they laid tbeir plans of attack, the Indians, if still there, might have been surprised, en tirely worsted, and perhaps the half of them cutoff upon tbe spot : " which," an be rattier hastily observed, 44 would have been a great comfort to all concerned." But the ruin wss deserted, besiegers and besieged had alike vanished, as well as the bodies of those assailants who had fallen in the conflict, to find their graves under the raios, among the rocks, or in the whirling eddies of the river. The tracks of the horses beinz discovered in tbe ravine and atthe water's edge, it was inferred that tbe whole party, too desperate or too wiee to yield themselves prisoners, had been driven into the river, and there drowned ; aud this idea inflaming the fury of tbe KentuckianB to the highest pitch, they songht out, and easily disooverea among the canes, the fresh trail of the Indians, which they followed, resolving to exact tbe fullest measure oi revenge. Nathan, the man of peace, from whom no further services were expected, was now turned adrift, to follow or protect himself as , he might : and the young men betook them selves to the pursuit, with as much speed as the wild character of tbe woods permitted, Nathan, making his own observations from the appearanoe of the different trackB in the ravine, and satisfying himself there was among them one mors Christian footprint than coold to accounted for, he followed after the young men, examining the Indian trails in places where it had not been effaced by the Centuokiaoe, until he became con vinced that the fugitives bad, in some unac countable way, escaped alive from the river, and were still struggling in retreat, led by some friendly guide, although closely pur sued by the foe. This discovery, it was also probable, had been made by the Kentuckiana, who had, in consequence, urged their horses to the utmost, and, arriving on tbe hill where the savages lay in ambush, rushed to the attack, and fought and lost the battle, before Nathan coold reach them. He met them indeed re treating in full rout before the victors ; many wounded, all overcome by paDic, and none willing or able to throw any light on the cause of defeat. One, indeed, checking his horse & moment, to bid the man of peace look to himself, and avoid tbe savages who were still urging the pursuit, hastily assured him that the defeat was all owing to Captain Ralph's ghost, which had suddenly got among them, yel- which reason the conscience-stricken Regu lator called Nathan to witness his oath, which he now made, 4 4 that he would never lynch a man again, as long as he lived." 44 Then, friend," said the man ot peace, 44 1 took counsel as to what we sbonld do ; and truly it was decided to creep after the murdering Shawnee creatures — and see what had become of thee and thee poor women ; Well, friend, as soon as we thought it safe, we crept to tbe spot on the bill- side ; and safe enough it wa', the savages having de parted, leaving nothing behind them, save two young Keutuckians and the colored person, whom they had prevailed over and hewn to pieces with their hatchets; besides four corpses of their own, which they had stuck in a cave, where Peter snuffed them out. Well, friend, I saw then that thee enemies bad divided ; tbe main body depart ing one way over the hill, while & smaller party had crossed tbe river with a horse and prisoner. Truly it was Peter's opinion that this prisoner was theeself, and that if we followed thee, we might in eoxne way aid thee to escape, thee captivatora being so few in number. And so, friend, we waded the river, and followed thee trail until night oame, when little Peter undertook to nose thee on in the dark, which he did very successfully, until we reached the place where the savages had killed their horse, aud broken the cask of liquor, when truly tbe scent of the same did so prevail over Peter's nose, that I was in fear he never would smell right again in all his life, which was & great grief to me ; fcr truly Peter's nose ia, as 1 may say, the staff of my life, my defence, aud my succor : truly, thee don't know the value of littln Peter's nose. 44 Well, friend," continued the narrator, 44 Having crept up as near asl durst, I could see bow thee was fixed, tied to the poles so thee could not help theeself, and tbe three savages lying beside thee, with their guns in the hollows of their arras, ready to be seized in a moment. I lay watching thee and thee cruel oppressors for more than an hoar mar velling in what way I could give thee help," 44 An hour!" cried Roland, 44 a friend lying by me during that hour, tho mo6t wretched and distracted of iny whole exis tence r Had you but cut the rope, and given me the knife to strike a blowior myself !" 44Truly," arid the man of peace, 44 1 did so desire to do, seeing that then thee might hare killed the Injuus theeself ; which would have been more seemly, as being a thing thee conscience would not disapprove of ; whereas mine, as thee may suppose, was quite averso to any such bloody doing on my own part. Besides, 1 feared, in case tbee should discover there was help nigh at hand, thee might cry out in tbee surprise, and so alarm thee sleep ing oaptivators. And so, friend, I was in what thee may call a pucker, not knowing what to do; and so I lay hard by thee, with Peter at the back of me, watching and revolv ing the matter for that whole hour, as I told thee; when suddenly down fell a stick into the fire, aod, tbe same blazing up brightly, I saw two of the savages lying betide thee, their heads so close to- gether Ihee might have supposed they both grew from the same pair of ehonlders, and so nigh to me withal, that, verily, I might have poked them with the muzzle of my gun. I can't tell thee how it then happened — whether it was a sort of nervousness in my fingers' ends, or whether it was all an accident; but, truly, as it happened, my gun went off in my hands, as it might be of its own accord, and, truly, it blew the two evil oreatures' brains out ! And then, friend, thee sees, there was no stopping, there being the third of thee captivatora to look after ; and, truly, as I had done so much, I thought I might as well do all — the killing of three men being but & little worse than the killing of two ; and, be sides, the creature would have hart thee, as thee lay at his mercy. And so, friend, I did verily spring upon him, sinner that I am, and strike him a blow with my hatchet, which I hud taken from my belt to to ready ; whereupon he fled, and I after him, being in great fear leBt, if he escaped, he should return upon thee and kill thee, before I could get back to cut thee loose. And so, friend, it happened that — that I killed him likewise ! — for which I don't think thee can, in thee heart, blame me, seeing that it was all, over and over again, on thee account, , and nobody's else's. Trnly, friend, it is quite amazing, the 111 things thee has brought me to!" 44 Had there been twenty of the villains, and you had killed them all, I should have held it the noblest and most virtuous act you could have performed," said Roland. rmPTER yytt By dint of ohafin? and bathing in the spring, still foul and red with the blood of the riankeshawe, the limbs of tbe soldier soon recovered their strength : and be ws9 able to rise, to survey the scenes of bis late sufferings and liberation, and again recur to the harassing (subject of his kinswoman's fate Again he beset Nathan with questions, which eoon recalled the disturbed looks which bis deliverer had worn, when first assailed with interrogatories . 4 Lead the party first to the battle ground/' be said : 4' I am now as a child in strength, but lean crawl thither to meet you : and, oace ou a horse again, be as sured n» one shall pursue better or faster than I." 44 If tbee thinks of rescuing the maiden," said Nathan — 44 I will do so, or die," exclaimed Roland, impetuously ; 4 ' sod would to Heaven I could die twice over, eo I might snatch her from tbe murdering monsters. Alas ! had you but followed them, instead of theae curs : and done that service to Edith you havo done to 44 Truly." said Nathan, 44 theo talks ae if ten meu were as easily knocked on the head as ten rabbits. There is a thingin this matter that perplexes me. "Why did thee desert the ruin r and who was it led tbee ; through the CHnea ? Let me know what it was that happened thee ; for, o<p a truth, there i more in this same matter than thee thinks." Thus called upon, Roland acquainted I Nathan with the events that had succeeded his departure from the ruin — the appearance of Ralph Stackpole, and the flight of the party by the river. "TVhere Abel Doe is, thee may to sure, there is knavery !' said Nathan ; demanding earnestly if Roland bad seen no other white ( man in the party. 4 4 1 saw no other, ' ' he replied ; 4 4 but there was a tall man in a blanket, wearing a red turban, who looked at me irom a distance ; and I thought he was a half-breed, like Doe, for so, at firftt, I supposed the latter to be.1 44 Well, friend? And he seemed to com mand tho party, did he not?" demanded Nathan, with interest. 44 The leader," replied Roland, 44 was a vila. trrim old rajicsl. that thev called Kehauga, or Kenanga, or — " 44 Wenonga !" cried Nathan, with extra ordinary vivacity ; bis whole countenance, in fact, lighting up with the animation of in- - tense interest, — 44 an old man, tall and raw-boned, a ecar on his nose and cheek, a halt in his grot, his left middle-finger short of a jotnt and a buzzard's beak and talons tied to his hair? — It is Wenonga, the Blaok- Ynltnre. Truly, little Peter! thee is hot a dolt and a dog, that thee told tne nothing abont it !' V- (to be ooktqsued.) 