Prrabj'tcrimi <»eiiernl AHsttinlily. 11EV.C. J. LEGATE CHOSEN MODEHATOB. The Presbyterian General Assembly of Queensland met in the Wickbum Terrace Church, ttrisbanp, on Tuesday evening. There was a largo attendance, among those present being the following-Warwick: 31ev, C, J, Legale, B.A..; Mr. G. C. Nickel. Allora and Central Downs: l\w, J. J3. Morrow, 1J. A.; Mr. K. McMillan. Yangan, Emu Vale and KiJ larncy: Mr. J, Kemp. After the preliminary business had been disposed of the ltcv. C. J. Legate was chosen moderator of the Assembly, on the motion of the llev. Dr. Hay and ltcv. C OgK Mr, Legate having retired for a brief Kpacc, ve-appcared attired in the moderator's gown, and was warmly received. The Hov. C. .1. Ijk<IATI:, the moderator clect, having briefly acknowledged the honor con ferred upon hinii said:-Our meeting of As sembly this year, Jet us hope, will be one fraught with great good to ourselves and others. Ak we come from far and near to this annual gathering, it is hut natural we should take pleasure in the happy reunion of brethren and friends long parted, and be glad to grasp each others hands, and with friendly greeting renew interrupted fellowship and valued friendships. Dut this, however pleasing, is subordinate to the higher and more sacred aims for which we meet. I do not need to remind you that we meet in the name and by the authority of the King and Head of the Church. Wo have in-1 voked His blessing. We liave supplicated Hie guidance, both of head and heart, by His Spirit who is promised to abide with us. For the heritage of work in the portion of the vineyard allotted to us, and the measure of success attending our efforts in the past we would " Thank God and take courage." Hut do not our hearts sometimes almost fail us when we look around over this land and consider its spiritual condition? Wc see the amount of utter godlcssncBB that abounds - practical heathenism-bringing in its train Sabbath breaking, drunkenness, gambling, impurity, profanity, and such like. And within the Church we see iu our congregations so much indifference, worldliness, and spiritual dead ness; so many who, while making a pro fession of religion, yet live as if there were no special preparation needed for a hereafter; so many professing allegiance to Christ, but who often act as drugs on the wheel of the Gospel chariot; so many of the young and rising generation growing up outside the pale of the Church's membership. We may well tremble for the ark of God, and might indeed despair were it not for the restraining and regenerating influences of the Gospel, that wo are assured do, and ever will, more or less prevail. The work committed to us in tliiB land is, in very truth, great in its extent, in its responsibilities, and in its difficulties. In tllin68 permit me to direct your thoughts to what must over be to us a matter of more than passing importance-namely, the spiritual value of tho work to which wo are called, and may be juBtly demandod of us as a Christian Church. I say justly demanded, for there are many and various demands often made in these dayB, and many suggestions offered as to what the Churches ought to do [to meet "the spirit of the age," and to devise ways to settle the difficult social problems of our time. There is a spirit of worldliness abroad that is impatient of everything that will not serve present interest, and that would subordinate the spiritual to the temporal, so that the Church should be, for the most part, hut a means of remedying social evils, and of promoting material comfort and temporal good. If the necessities of our time have, as it would Bcem, led the Christian Church to take a more lively interest than formerlyin theoutward and material condition of men, it is only right that its influence should be ever in the van of every worthy enterprise for human good, and the vaoe of jts ministers heard on behalf of truth and righteousness, whether in regard to the transactions of commerce or the vexed ques tions of national policy. But it is just possible that a Christian Church may too readily give heed to the demands of a materialistic age like the present, and so far lose Bight of t real object of its Master's great commission. For the evils that afflict society ore at bottom not economic! but spiritual Put the spiritual right, and all will oome right. There is wore hope of social weli-being Sim the direct power o£ divine truth and the practice of vital godliness, than from the most approved and philosophic philanthropy. The real, value of our work as a Churoh lies in its spiritual efficacy. The more efficacious our Churoh is spiritually, the nearer does it approach the ideal set before it in the world, and iu our standards, as expressed under question 169 of the Larger Catechism, where it is said-" They that are called to labour in the ministry ol the Word are to preach sound dootriue .... zealouBly, with fervent love to God and the souls of his people, and sincerely aiming at his glory and their conversion, edification, and salvation " Now do not these thoughts lead us to one con elusion, and it is one I wish to emphasise, and fi * tfraat need of oar Church is a quickened and revived spiritual life. In the letter to the Presbyterian Churches from the General Counoil held in Philadelphia we find the words, "Would that atf our churches were blesBed with a new baptism of the Holy Ghost and of fire! Then would the Word of God have free course and be magnified 1 Then would the Gospel o[ CbriBt break forth on the right hand and on the left) Beloved, we need more clear apprehension of the Will of God as to tbe salvation of men. We need an unction from the Holy One." We do; is it not so? Our Ohqroh in other lands is no stranger to the baptisms of the Spirit.' In Ireland, in JB6B, a revival beginning in a little prayer meeting spread throughout the whole Presbyterian Ohurcb,_pver which there waB an unwonted outpotlnng pt the Holy Spirit. It was a seafeon of grace when souls were gathered like the ripe grain in harvest-a 'day of power that wrought a obange throughout the community that time has only served to make more manifest. Of the churohes in Scotland we read at the pre. I sent time that God has been giving them, in many parts of that land, « showers of blessing » as He has often donein days gone by. Fathers and brethren, I believe we are well assured it Is not more money, or more skilful omaniaiog, or more philanthropic effort we need as aChuroh so much asi more of the presence and power of the Holy Spirit. We have ordinances aud means of grace- ministries and governments. doctrine and disoipline-the whole machinery sarlptural and complete; but the Spirit is tho power. It is this power that is essontial to awaken and quicken spiritual life. At the pre sent moment there aro not a fow throughout our congregations longing for a spiritual move ment that will quicken our Church into new life. And why should it not oome ? We have Been, most of us, times of severe drought in this land. The olouds colleoted overhead and appeared to promise refreshing showers; but the next morning the sun would rise in a cloud less sky. Something, it would seem hindetyjd and kept back the rain. And in our work per haps the hindrance totho refreshing showers of spiritual blessing may be on oar part the tendency to be satisfied with things as they are, or the dread of innovation, or our readi ness to look to other means than the great un limited power, at our disposal. Is it not that too little has been mado of the spiritual power -too little heed given to the declaration that puts the matter where we Bhould rooognise it " ty DliBht nor by power, but by My Spirit, saitli tho Lord ?" A oelebrated artist having completed a pain line of tho crucifixion on the lofty dome of an Italian cathedral found, to his surprise and disappointment, that it was too nigh to be seen from below. Tho beautiful painting-the masterpiece of his lifetime seemed lost and valueless. But tho difficulty was overcome. He placed a powerful mirror near the floor of the building, so that the paint bfali;;8oVhTirtb7'^eTmT1Z^?a means to reflect and transmit the liolit and grace of spiritual and heavenly truth. And who wiU doubt that if all the ministers and ! j site o£ the assembly-lot ui narrow tho scope ] for the moment to make it practical were to yield themscive* wholJy to the Spirit of Christ-to be endued with power from on high -to bo in very truth ministers of the Spirit to IhoBe over whom we are set in spiritual things, who can doubt but there would be discerned the beginning of a rising tide of spiritual life throughout the Church which would be not only full of promise tor its truest good, but which would tell with salutary influences reach ing far and wide. You have heard the legend of the "Thundering Legion" of the army of the ancient Itoman Empire. Marcus Aurelius had marched his troops into an enemy's country where there was no water. Overcome with thirst, they were threatened willi destruction by an overwhelming barbarian force. In this extremity Aurelius prayed to his gods for help. And his magicians employed their incantations, but in vain. No help came. One legion of the army was composed largely of Christians. Kneeling down they poured fortli their suppli cations to the true god to send rain, and rcBcuc them from tho destruction thai thrcatcnencd. Suddenly the heavens were overcast and the rain fell in torrents-the 6oldicrs caught it in their shields and quenched their thirst. And, while the thunderstorm filled tho barbarian hosts with alarm, tho soldiers of Aurelius refreshed and encouraged, gained an easy victory. Do not our position in this land, and our expeiiences in spiritual things suggest to us what might be hoped for, on an occasion like this, on behalf of the great and sacred aims for which we are met, if wc should unite in one mighty and moving entreaty tor God to send showers of blessing, in accordance with the promise " Even of this shall I be inquired of by the house of Israel to do it for them?" Should not more prominence be given, during these eight or ten days wc are met together, to a subject so indispensable to the Church's wel fare, and tho opportunity availed of for special supplication for the mighty indwelling and j working of the Holy Spirit in those present and those represented in this Assembly? Was it not those first ten days which the early Christian Church spent in prayer and waiting for the Spirit that resulted in their being em powered for the straggle, and their wonderful spiritual conquests in Jerusalem and Bomeand throughout the pagan world ? Blessed Spirit, lift Thy standard, l'our Thy moe, ana shod Thj light; Lift the vol! and loose Die fetter Comb witli new and quickening might. Moke the dosert places blossom, Shower Thy sevonfold gifts abroad 5 Make Thy norvanta wlso and steadfast, Valiant for the truth of God. 