' How Shall We Decide This Question?' AW, which is the tpor** — to hare ize ap petite f-*r your dinner^ or to haw no dinner for gotir appetite f There are lots of people on the one side or the other of thiB question. When 'good di gestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that ih the ideal attitude of a person towards hu meals. But most ol ua are not blessed in that way ; we either bave to« much food with- - out an appetite, or a vigorous appetite w ith- j oit enough to satisfy it. Different folk will 1 answer this question diffeientl -, yet the com- j mon sense of it ia that, within reasonable | limit* it it better t' have *n bppetite without I a dinner, because, short of the starvation line, | a hnngry man is a nealthy man ; wnereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't fe l like eating, stands in reed of 'alterations and repair?.' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in wbich the writer 6ays, 44 I was afraid to eat '' Did he fancy his food waa poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? I Let him clear the mystery himself. j He says. ' Jn the year 1SS9 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. / had been signalman twelve months, and then all at onc», so to fcpeak, I -lid not feel nyEelf. My moath tasted bad, so th*t ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have i.otbing to aay to them. One thing was like another, and none was goed. My tongue wus coated and furred^wirh a dark line down the middle and yelloAur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite poo^ uith pains through the ehett aod shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Chen 1 w-ts greatly troubled with winJ. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me. ! We cannot wonder that under these cir- j cumstances our friend failed to do justice to , his meals. He adds that there was what he calls 44 a pricking sensation' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. T/ieo, again, at tin eh he was at tacked with spasm*, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him 44 1 dreaded,' he says, 'the thought of eating, and many a scanty meal tote J *nndet for [ wo* afraid to eat, ' After a time I got into a low, weak, u^r vou? condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused ine to l-ne a good deal ot sleep.' What he means by the fear of 'something golog to happen' is, of course, the fear of some oalamity, such as the less of hie posi- tion, his owu death, or the death of some body dear to him. This was due, as he lnti- mates, to the impoverished state of his blood {the life bearer), his unstrung nerres, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Tho night of thin form of Hindus Is always fall of ghosts and goblin*, the creature* of a restless and ungovurntd imagination. 44 With great dilHculty,' he sayn, 44 1 stuck to my work, for J had a wife *nd family de pending on me. So I struggled oil but what I suffered for over two years u past my powers of description. I am turt- Me one han suffered so much as I have d***,' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own ptfo is one'* own, and is always harder to bear than is 0De!s notion of his neighbours pain. There li a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't I happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after | all medical treatment had left him where it ! found him he chanced to road in a book of a case : ex Billy liko his oton having been cured by Mother Snlgel's Syrup, 44 My wife,' he sayn, 41 got me a bottle at Mr. LangatalTs, in Wood lusford, and after osing its contents the ail ment left me and has never returned since that fortunate duv. I should like tho whole world to know what it did for mo, I havo boon employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) ' Geouuh Hunt, 'Car Bottom Road, ' Apprsrley Dridge, near Leeds.' We publish this uy Mr. Hunt's deslro, in orde' that rurt of the world at least may know how thankful he is aod for what reason. 