Strange Hallucinations. A. statistical inquiry into the natuvo and frequency of tlioso hallucinations ot tho Benses experienced by persons otherwise healthy and sane has been made, and tho results were communicated to tho recent Congress of Experimental Psychologists. It Is doubtless this order of mental phenomena ■which has given rise to the belief in ghosts. The: vision is, in fact, what wo commonly understand by a ghost. It sometimes ap pears by night, sometimes in broad day ; it is often surrounded with light, but occasion ally it is to all appearance solid and of a life-like character. Moreover, it happens now and then that more than one person sees it. Of course by seeing it we mean that the apparition is apparently outside tho observer, and not visible merely in the mind's eye. It assumes to his eyes nt least an objective existence, like that of a reality; Many stories of tho kind aro current in private families and have never been pub scribed would be serviceable to the cause of psychology, and those who are acquainted with such instances may be recommended to communicato the facts to the Psychical or Psychological Society, under the veil of privacy if they prefer it. Wo aro able to give some of the more striking instances *ecorded in the statistical inquiry which has been instituted. On tho night of November 17, 1890, Mr S. Walker-Anderson, of Tick hill,. B&wtiy;, Yorkshire, theu in Australia, woke up in bed, and distinctly saw tho figure of his nunt, Mrs Pickard, standing with her arms down near the foot of tho bed, and dressed in an ordinary black dross, such as lie had seen her wear many times. She looked older and stouter than when ho had particulars accurately de last floeaLher.fr.Uroft.voara .Viofrwu her lip s as if she said "Good-bye. then vanished by degrees. There was a lamp in the roomi and 'ho was fully awake. Ho had not been anjtous about her, but on seeing tlie vision he began to fear that she was dead, And ho tool a noto of the time, which was about mit?night. Tho mail brought news of her deatA at 11 a.m. on tho~17th November, Tho R«v. Matthew Frost, of Bowers GifTord, Ease*,' sr.ys that on fche first-Thursday of AjVtl» l887; while sitting at tea with his Vackto tho window, and talking, to his wife, he plainly heard a nip at tho window, and, looking "round/ wud to his wife, 44 Why, there's iny grandmother^" Fie went to tho door, and oven round the.house, for ho felt sure thathis grandmother was'about, but ho could see no one. , : On, tho following Satur- , day he received news that, his grandmother, I who lived in Yorkshire, died about, half an hour before he heard thorap^ Hiss P—-7, mistress in a high school, was walking by herself to the school on April Gth, 1887, after 8 o'clock in themorning, and distinctly B&w; her father^ Three daj»s before she had a presentiment of coming trouble, and could not stay alone. Two telegrams to the school announced her father's illness and death on April 6th. The visual hallucinations recorded were not confined to known or living per sons. Some were unrecognised, some incom pletely developed, some of a religious or angelic character, some grotesque, horrible, or monstrous; others wero figures of animals, lights, and inanimate or indefinite objects, while touches, as well as voices, sounds, and visions, wero observed. The most remarkable fact brought out by tho inquiry is that only- a comparatively small percentage of these hallucinations were co incident with somo actual Awmfc an«h nn >1 death of a friend. - -Casscll's Magazine. , In tho Froncli Chamber of Doputiea last night, there was an excited debato on the subject of t.lio prosecution of tho directors of tlio i'anama Canal Company. M. do In Hayo, deputy for Indrc-ct-Loiro,. charged I 150 members of tho Chamber, and iilso of. , tho Senate, with corruption in connection with tho company. Ho, howevor, mentioned no names. These chargos causod intense excitement in tho Chr.mber, and scandalous scenes took place. . Finally M. Loubot, the , Premier, agreed to appoint a committeo of tho Chambor to inquiro into tho truth or ' falsehood of M. do la TTayo's charges^ M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, who is 87 years | old, is ignorant or tho approaching trial of the directors of the company, including him 1 self. His relatives lmvo ltopt (he know ledge from him, fearing the effect of tho j "shock upon him at liis.ndvanced ago. 