OUR CHRSSTWSAS TALIS. "ADRIFT." IN ANTARCTIC SEAS. : Bv MRS,, LAURA J. SUISTED, '.. Coil. Mem. R.G.S.Y.T Author of " Dit. Brian M 'Arthur," "In . Many Lands,". " a. Story of Old Cairo," V ice. ' ' ' THE PROLOGUE. ' Who can adequately realise the dangersof tho sea ? Science lias certainly dona much towards lessening tho accidents to whieh ail are liablo who go down to the sea in ships. Still, many and great perils do undoubtedly exist. What, for example, oan be more' helpless than a vosscl doprived of all power to "sail or steam, with mnohinory completely brokon down, left to the Boant moroy of strong currents and contrary winds, drifting porohnnce far away from all the great highways of the' ocean into a wilderness of orators where no sail is over sighted, nor any passing funnel emits its volume of friendly smoko ? 1 Wlio shall say how many brave vessols reported as-missing havo thus been dismantled and driven far from' their bourse, never to regain it ; blown by fierce gales into tlioso wild rogions of water which lead nowhither, and are crossed by no koel, far away from the sight of tJioirfelldw'men, holpless, hut mayhap surviving? Ayo-i how many, a gallant ship full freighted sails away and is nover heard of more, tho mad dening uncertainty ever haunting the kith and kin of tho ill fated onos on board as to the inannor of their fate. Was tho vossol wrecked upon somo treaohorous hidden rook or arushed within tho aold embraoo of glittering ioe ? Or had tho noblo ship with her precious burdon been devoured by tho hungry ilames ? . Then thcro aro the tall white ieoborgs with their shin ing peaks and glittering pillars, fairy like In structuro and beautiful to look upon ; hut, oh bow cruelly fatal oftimos to tho ship for whioh friends and owners alike wait and watch and hopo, until, alas 1 all hope is gone, and porhapB another scoro of gallant mariners have fallen viotims to tho perils of tho son. Chapter I. "Hallo 1 Stcvonaon, you're the Tory man I wanted to see," oxolnimod John Clmpman, as ho shook hands with n tall, fine looking man, near tho post ofiieo at Wellington, the oapital of Hew Zealand. "Ah ! anything new turned up thon?" askod hie friend. " Yes ; I have just reooivod information from our ngant in Duiiodin to the effcot that tho Olarenoe, with a mixod cargo aboard, leaves for Tasmania next week, calling at the Macquaries on route, to leavo provisions tor the people en gaged in tho seal fislierios there. So, if you are still in the sarno mind about seeing tho islands on your way homo, this is juBt the very oppor tunity for you." " By jovo I how luoky, oh ? But what sort of a oraft is she, Chapman? Of oourso I don't mind roughing it myself, but my wife has to be considered, you know, and I should not like her to bo unoomfortablo." ' " Oh, yon need not be uneasy on that score," replied Chapman promptly. " Tho Clarence is a smart vessel of about 500 tons register, hand somely fitted out with all tho modern appliances for aomfort and convenience. Moreover, I don't think Mrs. .Stevenson would like to miss a sight of tho Mnequarios, even at tho oost of a little ineonvenieuae." "No, you are right there," laughed tho fair haired giant. . And it was sottlod, off- hand, that they would Bail in the Clarence, of whioh steamer Captain .Axelson was commander and partown.er. Otto Stovcneon had only boon married a little overa'yoar. His wife, besides boing rioli, was young, beautiful, well oonneotod, and very muoh in love with hor lnubaud, who was in turn devoted to his gcntlo dark-eyed May. They had loft England with a party of friends 'to "do" tho Antipodes, and after cruising about among tho Friondly Islands, and explor ing the marvels of Maoriland, they were now homeward bound, their friends having pre ceded them. The desire to see the Macquaries and the seal fiahorios was a moro whim of theso happy idlers, and as thoro was really nothing to prevent thorn from gratifying it, they sailed from tho Bluff one glorious morning about tho middlo of November bent upon doing so. But, I'hommc propose ct Ilicu dispose, as alas l.tbey wore to find to their cost ero that voyngo ended. Tho accommodation on tho Claronco proved all that could be desired. The oaptaih was a find specimen of the hardy navigators who saw plenty of rough service in the southern seas in the olden time.- The Stovcnsons wero tiio only passengers, and May was well pleased with her quarters, and also with the smart little'-' oabin boy a nephew - of Captain .Axeleon's — whoso handsome appearanoo and bright intelligent fac'o -immediately took' tiro lady's fancy; so Oscar was at once assigned the part of spocial page, to the lud's great delight, for ho wisbod nothing better thaii to fotoh and carry for tho lovely girl whoso gentle ways and Bweot voice had quiokly won his heart. Tho time passed ploasniitly, beguiled by mainy a tough yarn spun by tlio captain, who' possossed a never failing store of such.. ! '. " I supposo, captain, in tho early whaling days you would occasionally! ; go protty 'far south?" remarked Stovcn'soh ono day. . "Aye, and somo narrow squeaks I've had among tho ioo I can tell you. IVhy, I was once wreckod on a berg, and eamo very near being devoured by an ugly brute of a Polar bear, who chanced to ebnre the same inhospitable quarters." " By George' ! how did it liappon?" " Well, it was a goedish number of years ago, whon I was mate of a whaler sailing in these waters. . Soals had got to bo very soareo on the Now Zealand coaat, and that year wo had tried all our usual hauntB with very poor results. Our vessel was a brig, tho Austral, and tho oaptain was considered one of the smartest skippers sail ing. these sons in scaroh of seals and seal oil. Wo were down on our luck and inclined to grumble. However, the oaptain held a consul tation with tlio orow as to what was to be done, for ire was determined not to go back with suoh a poor cargo. " Wo all agreed with him, and offered to go wherever-ho liked, as ho said ho know where thoro woro furs" and oil in plenty for meii daring onough to run the risk. . "Although any notion of going after them with suoh vessels as oui's was unthought of amongst Australian! scalers, wo , were a bold devil- may-caro set of fellows, you see, although, I bo- lievo .afiner orew never trod a ship's planks, mind you. Anyway, wo were all game, so we tripped anohor with a smart non-easterly breoze, and tho Austral just settled to hor -work beautifully, with every' stitoh of canvas draw ing. " On tho -fourth day it eame on awfully oold, and we had to keep a sharp look but ahead for ice from tho mast head. Towards afternoon a haziness came up over tho southern horizon and spread! over the sky. We could not make out tho reason of this, but the oaptain understood it well enough ; wo were neariug tho ioe. " Thut night when I wont'on deck I was sur prised by the change in tho atmosphcro. It lied been oold and pretty dark before, but it lrud doubled. "The cold was intense, and the dnrkneassimply awful. It was positively painful to strain your sight to look ahead through tho blaoknoss of that night, nnd I reckon I felt something liko fear orceping ovor mo. " I went forward, and was just raising myself by holding on to tho jib-boom stay to get a good look ahead, when I was struck with the loom of something whioh seemed blackor oven tlinn tho night, and the next instant, boforo I had time to nttor a sound, I was all but thrown from my position by a shock. I did not fall, howovor, I held on with both hands to tho stay, until I felt that what I stood on was giving way. " We had struck upon something with all the impotus of a 10 knot breeze ! I felt myself fall ing and made a leap forwards, grasping some thing cold ns I alighted, to whieh I hold on you may be suro. "I turned to lookat the brig, whoso spars seemed close to mo for a moment. I saw the flash of light from tho bimiaole, for an instant; tho noxt, and it was gone. " Watching the sudden disappearance of tho brig, I had not thought of my own position; now, however, I put out my baud to gaiu a firmer hold, and grasping some thing deadly oold and slippory. as glass, the truth flashed over mo' in an instant, nnd the shook nlinost . made mo fall backwnrds. I was cast away, not on a rook or an island, but on an iceberg. Wo had run against ano in tho darkncsB, and had beon crushed by tho contact. "The Austral and hor bravo orew had gone down witli never a ory into tho blnokncss of that frozen soa. I turned siok at tho thought and lost my Bonses. When I came to myself it was broad daylight, and. as soon as I could mustor courage I took a survey of my position. I found to my horror that I had beon thrown upon a narrow ledge that ran round an immense iooborg. Above roso a perpondicular oliff of slippory ioe, below and around lay tho dosolato ocean, with no sign of lifo savo a fow birds. " Believing myself doomed toa lingering death, an. awful agony of dospair onme ovor me, and I thought I should go mad. Rousing mysolf, I managed at last to get on my feet, mid, holding on to the wall' as well as I could, I crept cautiously along to whore thcro was a bond in tho ioeborg, round whioh I thought I might find a safor position. I roaohed the oornor, and was about turning it, when' to my dismay I saw, a fow yards ahead, a. huge Polar bear. . He was sitting on his hind quarters upon tho narrow ledge, and faood me with a savage look in his hungry red eyes that made my blood turn oold. He growled fiercely, and getting on his feet came towards me.. I sprang baok, and managed to got round tho bond somehow. Of oourso I knew I hadn't o ghost of a clianco to dofend myself against tlio attack of a hungry bear. Howovcr, I drew my olasp knife and waitod iu horriblo susponso for tho brute's appearanoc.' He spomod a long time coming, but his great, size made it no oasy matter for him to get round tho bond to tho narrow lojgo on which I was crouching. But. at last he eame, and my heart seemed to atop- beating as I saw, first hjs blaok muzzle, then his white furred nose and red eyes appear round tbo corner. I wanted to.-.yoll, but I couldn't, as he hove gradually in sight llkeaship on the. horizon, and eamo on without over quiokening his pace. I knew my time had como, and if the ugly brute had only made a spring tho agony would not have been half so intonsc. But, by George 1 not ovon the most. courageous of .men, coubl wutoli suoh a death advanoing on him at tho rate of a funeral barge without feeling cowed. I dropped on my knees and covered my face with my hands. I hoard, his shuffling tread on the wet and slippery ioo,' and thought I felt his hot breath on. my faoo, then: I must have lost consciousness. . " When I oame to myself again, you may guess I was bewildered, for I was iu tho hammook of a whaling ship. It seems tho great weight of the bear had brokan the thin ledge of ioe, and we had fallen into the sea together. . Luckily for me it hnpponcd just at the right moment, and I was picked up insensible by the boat. The dead bear was seen floating near by."" Charter ii. Their stay on .the island was Buifioiontly long to onablo them to see all they desired, and they wero not sorry whon tho time, arrivod for their UU|IUI liUIVe JLUU ItMUUglUUlC ' Wtia glUUIU/t Willi! a stiff breeze and a hoavy swell, whon they left the Macquaries at day break. By noon the wind had freshened considerably, and before night indications- woro unmistakable of a fast approaohiug gale, but tho Claronco was funning well on her course, and no uneasiness was felt by those onboard. Hpwovcr, about 9 o'oloek they were suddenly overtaken by a terrifio westerly gale, that burst over tho vessel with a violenco that, was truly appalling. It was awful to hear tho wind shrioking fiercely over the Bee, and whitening it with foam. Then the rush of feet on deok, where a droary darkness prevailed, save when a wavo, breaking massively, gleamed with a phosphorescent light, and the gnle yelled nkout the ears of the - men, half blinding them with Bpray, ' that ' 'stung like hail. Tho wind soemed .to inoienso in violence as 'the minutes ' passed, and an ugly Ben was ' running,' hurling great waves against the vessel, some breaking on board and sending waterspouts of foam high aB the funnel, to be carried to leewards in olouds of hissing, hurtling flakes.- All. deok ;. moveables, with a large portion of ; tho bulwarks, were early carried away. . , So passed the darkest hours of the night, amid the howling of the tempest, above which might sometimes be hoard . the oloar tones of the captain's voice, as .ho-triunpotcd out his orders on deck. When the hurrienna was at its height an enormous wave suddenly oame over tho hews, smashed in tho deok house, carried away tho boats, : bonding the stanobions as if thpy bad been twigs, and swept the ehief officer and. a sailor overboard. The captain would havo gone also but for Steven son, who, clinging to. some ironwork with one hand, Boized him with tho other, and so saved him from a like dreadful fate; for no human aid could possibly borendoredto the poor follows, who were instantly swallowed up by the seethiug wntorn. Tho Olarenoe shook from stem to stern with the dead weight of tlio awful blow, and after recovering herself -no more pitiable sight can bo imngiuad than tlio wrcoked appearanoo slio presented. This ooourrcd about 3 o'oloek, and when tho dawn broke the scene was wild beyond description. The tumbling billowing waters roso in moun tains to the horizon, while the ship - rolled hoavily as she was caught by tlioseas, and somo- timos rushed into an abyss walled up with green wator, from whioh the gallant steamer roo like a struggling thing of life. Tho sky was of a dull leaden hue, from- whieh at inter vals desoended sharp, showers of sleet and rain. The gale decreased as tlio morning advanced, although the sea continued to run terribly high.: Mrs. Stevonson, who hud passed a droadful nigiit, remained in her oabin, her husband going below occasionally to tell her how they fared. " Wo are in great danger, are wo not ?" elio asked in alow tone. of suppressed excitement,' her faco looking very pale in the dim light. " Not now, dear,", he answered, with a tender roassuring kiss. " The galo is fast abating, and the worst is over." . "Thauk God for that 1" she said fervently. - " But, Otto, my dear husband, I want you to promise, if real danger does threaten us at any timo that you will not koep me in ignoranoo of it, but tell me at onoe. I should ho brave for your sake." " I kuow that, darling, you havo proved that boforo now, and it shall be as you wish ; but at present thoro is really no aauso for alarm." "Ob, what a horrible -night it has been though 1" oxolaimod May, shuddering!'. " Onoe or twioo I thouglit.wo were notually sinking, and the suspense was awful while you were on deok." "But you see, we'ro still afloat, little wifo," ho answered oheorily. "Although we aro certainly in a horriblo smashed up state above. - In foot, thoro's very little left on deok bat the funnel, a few jagged spiintors where tho masts stood, and a mero wreck of tho bridgo and deok house." Of tho sad loss of human life, ho wisely said nothing. Sire would learn that soon enough. "It was well thoy wero .ablo to keep the onginos going," remarked May, moro cheerfully. "But I suppose we aro not making muoh head way in this terrible soa," "Not in the right- dircotion anyway. You see wo wero caught so suddenly, .and in such 'a way, that we had to run for it, and thon it be came utterly impossible to heave - to.; and I lanoy we must now bo considerably out of our course." "How unfortunate, Otto, isn't it ?" " Yes, butitoan't be hoipod, - darling, so do not worry yourself about it. You see; it might have been worse." "That's truo, dear." " I'm going now to see how the captain is getting on. Poor fellow,, ho got Bomo ugly knooks during the night, bad- onough to tako tho breath out of an ordinary individual. But he's a splendid sailor, and a bravo man. By J ove I it was worth some risk, May, to see tho cool way in whioli he handled his steamer when the tempest was at its worst. . And 111 tell, you what it is," Otto, continued warmly, "suoh-meu as this Captain Axelson aro heroeB in their way;" Stevenson found tho captain in his oabin ex amining the ohart and calculating his where abouts. By 12 o'oloek the storm had spent itself, the aation of tho sea was muoh loss violont, and a palo patch of blue sky might bo seen hero and there between the olouds, while nn occasional gleam of sun8liino threw a passing lustre upon the quiok play of the sea benoath. Stovcusou was right in his surmise ; thoy had been' blown far' out of their course and the wind now was dead against them. All tho afternoon it so continued' and hardly any headway waB made. That night the sun wont down in glorious majesty, burnishing tho deep with a splendor of coloring as the bright orb sank under tho sea. Then, a a the stars oame out and the darkness of night foil -upon the lonely :;oeean, a tremendous thud was heard, startling all on hoard with its violeneo ; a few arratie revolutions followed and then the ougiucsstoppodaUogether. Instantly all was excitement and anxiety to learn the cause of tho stoppage, and their dismay can be moro easily imagined than described when it was ultimately discovered that the maohiuery had brokon down, the damage being quite beyond all hope of repair. Alas ! for the unfortunate voyagors, the Clarcuoe now indeed floated a helpless hull on the water, to bo henceforth tossed about and driven hither and thither at tho meroy of tho winds and waves. In spito. of : all science, knowledge and ability to oommand a mariner may possess, how uttorly powerless — under given circumstances— he may become in a hurricane at saa 1 No matter how bravely ho may struggle, if the great orash comes no power oan thon avail save that of tho Creator Himself. The gallant ship had fallen a victim to the fury of the storm, and what aould they do but watah and pray for a speedy deliverance from the peril in which they wero placed ? All that poor puny man could do was done. A sea anohor was put out and every effort mado to steady tlio ship, a good lookout beiug kept in case they should fall in with a passing vessel. A miserable night was passed. As tho sun rose the wind lulled, the soa smoothed out its turbulent waves and a day filled with the promise of calm and beauty broke out on a scouo as desolate as any' the mind oan coucoivo. Still tho sun was a wolcomo sight as he aso'endod from the deep, filling the universe with splendor and sending a ray of hope into their desponding iicarts. Captain Axelson called the men together and addressed thorn in a few briof, earnest words : "My men," ho said, "although the hurricane knookod us about badly, I had stUl hoped to take my ship safely into port. But this last mishap is, I find, irreparable ; especially as not only oar boats, but every spare spar has !goho. Howovor, we must place our trust iu God. The weather promises fair, and at the worst we shall but drift about until picked up by a passing ship. Wo number 20 souls on board, all told, but' we are well provisioned, and the hull of tho Clarenee is perfeotiy sound. We all deoply deplore the loss of those whom Providenoe took from us so suddeuly. They were' honest, fear less men, who olaimod our respeot in life, and wo can honor their momorios in donth. " He paused an instant, then added, " I know, as Britons, and hrave fellows, Fmay depend upon you all doing your duty in any emergencies that may arise." A ringing cheer rose from the stout hearted men, most of whom looked -pale -and haggard from -want of sleep. That night whon the sun went down amid a dazzling brillianoe of coloring, ns tho darkness of night crept on, nnd tlio stars came out and shone plaoidly in the oloudless sky, then was the sense of tho profound helplessness of their posi- tioh forced upon' thoib, and they 'began to realise the full horror of it. Dawn found them rapidly drifting -before a steady breeze, nnd as the pale light spread aver the grey surfaao of the moving waters, anxious eyes wore strained in every direction in eearoh of a vessel, but, alas I the oaean was tenantleas. Then the sun rose, diffusing a deliento, rosy glow ovor tlio leaping seas, tinting tho orests of the waves and the flying clouds with an exquisite beauty that seemed to mook the misory of the wrotohqd castaways. About 10 o'olook tho oaptain askod Otto to step into his oabin, whioh Stevenson found littered with charts and nautioal papers. " Sir," said 'Captain Axelson, gravely, after ho 1 had carefully olossd the door, " I thought it advisable not to tell tho orow yet, as I don't ' ' know what effect it might havo upon them; but you, Mr. Stovcnson, ought, I think, to learn tha truth at onoe. ' Sir, we are drifting, and havo boon from the time tlio hurricane caught us, further aud further from any chance 'of rescue. In fact we aro making direct for tho Antarctic oirale." ' "Good God I is this really so?" asked Otto, rj in a shocked tone. "Unfortunately it is;" answered tlio captain ' with enforced onltnncss pf tone and manner. ' "At the present timo we nro in latitude 62 >' dog., longitude 170.20 dog., and unless the wind changes and drives us baok into tiro track of i> passing ships, or a merciful Providence inter- -- veues to -save us, I -fear- we are doomed . men !" "My poor young wife !" exclaimed Otto ' hoarsely.- "Ay ' I know.. That is the worst part of it for- you.; But . romember, air, we arc in tha '; hands of the Almighty." chatter III. i That day several whales were seen, blowing i and sending up jets of vapor and spray, and towards evening tho first iooborg was sighted, passing within a quarter of a mile of them. It 1 was about 100 feot in height, of a white color, in- places' tinted faintiy with blue, which became of a deeper shade whore the Ben washed its base. It was npt unliko a large frigate just launched, without her masts and spars, calmly and majestically floating by, with a largo petrel flying near it, ' Later on, a solitary figure leaned over tho uuimuna iviLu ncuu HunK in ms lomeu arms, and his slight framo eonvitlaod by anguished sobs thai seemed to break from the depths of a despairing heart. It wns growing dark, and May, who had stolon quietly on deok, did not at first recognise in the grieving form poor Oscar, tho young eabin boy. .Discovering presently' who it . really was in suoh . a distressed _ condition, she . approached softly and. laid hor .hand on tho boy's baro . head witli a light caressing touch. "Don't grieve so bitterly, my poor boy," she said soothingly. " It pains mo to see it. God is with ns.still, youknow, Oscar, and it may be His will to take us to Himself in this strange way. Or, who knows? Ho may yet snatch U3 from tho very jaws of death ; for nothing is impossible to tho great Father of this wonderful universe." . ' . , .The lovely face of tho girl, illumined by tho sublime faith that filled her heart and thrilled in every tono of her low sweet voioa as Bhe stroked tbo boy's fair.ourls, was truly angelic. Oscar lied stilled his wild sobs to listen to her gentle -words, and now drying his eyes ho turnod his handsome tear stained faoo towards his com forter. "I daresay -you'll think mo a cowardly fool for crying like a girl," he said, with a catch in his voico.- "But it isn't that I'm afraid to die; don't, think that, -Mrs. Stevonson, for no true sailor is over afraid to meet death fairly," and the boy draw himself up proudly. . " It was of my dear mother I was thinking," ho went on,' choking down a big sob. " I'm her only aliild, you see, and it was against her wish that . I oame away in the Clnronae with my uncle; and now— oh, it will just break her heart !" and despite a gallant offort to retain a semblanoe of oomposurc,' the poor boy's white faoo ' was onoe moro ' hidden in his folded arms. "Poor boy ! and -ho's so young, to pass through suoh - a terrible experience," thought May. ' ' " Cheer np, Oscar, dear lad 1" she whispered, while a suspicious moisture gathered in her own dark eyes. "You and I will both pray fer vently to-night that wo may be restored to our loved ones again, and, if that may not be, woll, remember still that, if the very worst comes to us, wo are but going home to God." Then tho fair girl, .whoso lifo hitherto had been but a dream of ease and luxury, bent over the' boy's bowed head, and pressing a kiBB upon his hot brow glided softly away. 1 And that kind kiss .from tho .sweet lips of the beautiful woman ..whom he, in hiB earnest boyish fashion had simply adored, from tire moment sho- had first set her dainty feet on tlio ship's deok— that kiss carried wondrous oomfort to his nohing - heart, and prepared him to face .death -with .n noblo fortitude. ; A sbarp watch -was kept throughout the night, but an agony of suspense was endured by ail, as at any momout.they .might come into collision with the ioe. Eaah morning the oaptain read a chapter from tho Bible nnd conduoted a short service in the saloon, in whioh every one on board joined heartily, feeling, as they did, that any hour might be their last. It was a solomn time, and they all realised the horror of tho situa tion. For three days the wind continued to blow in the same direotion, . tho weather fine, with oloar bright sunshine, the thormomoter standing at 30 ; let., , 66 dog.. 0 min. '25 eeo., long,1 171 dog.' , 53 , min.,. : The "sur face of the. sea was ' now studded over with small bits of ioe, and many albatrosses oiroled about, the ship, with tho boautiful white petrel whoso black beak and feot formed a striking con trast to the. pure snow white plumago. Many whales wore seen, and seals floated by on pieocs of ioe. The old year was rapidly drawing to a close. Whoro would thoy be when tho New Yoar eamo ? . Atfivo o'oloolc on Christmas morning, when Stevenson eamo on deok, most of the raon \- Tho incident of a tuan thrown upon an iooborg from a sinking ship is . founded npon old whaling storloB told In the .'early days of the colony.— L.J.S. were gathered at the bows anxiously scanning the horizon. "Any tiling fresh ?"he asked joining the group and speaking as cheerily as he could. " Aye, sir, yon's the ioo blink sure enough, an we'ro a driftin' straight for the pack. God help us 1" It was Ben Sturt who spoko, a fine old sailor whoso influence and example had been a power for good amongst the men all through their trouble. Otto glanced in the direction pointed out, and saw a faint yellowish ' light ' in the horizon, known to mariners sb the ice blink, and indicating the presence of ice in that loeality. " Have you ever been in these latitudes before, Ben ?" asked Otto. " Aye, indeed have I, sir. Twico when I was in the whaling trade we got driven away down yonder among them ice floes. But then, we'd a stout built ship under ub and a strong crew, so we soon got clear again ; but Lor' bless us sir, this poor thing we're in '11 stand about as much chance as a nutshell if we once get well in yondor." The expression of stony hopelessness deepened on the faces of the men as they heard Ben's words. "The weather has been remarkably warm, Bon, considering the latitude we nro now in, and perhaps the ice will be soft and broken up," Otto said, trying to speak cheerfully, though his heart was full of despair as ho 'thought of the dread fate awaiting his young and beautiful wife. "That's as may bo,- but anyhow sir we're pre pared now for the" worst as can come to us ; an' as we can only die oncet, why, we mean to die like men ; an' British sailors at that — as the skipper says — isn't that so mates?" And he looked round with a proud glauce into the faces of the crew. "Aye, aye, it is, it is," came in steady re sponse from every tongue. "Well, thank God, there isn't a coward among us, anyway !" exclaimed Otto with warmth. . "How could there be, sir, with your sweet lady— God ideas her 1" and the old man doffed his cap, the rest following his lead — " a showin' us such a brave example? We're not goiu' to disgrace our colors by showin' the white aforo her when the time comes, never fear," said Ben sturdily. . "NO, I'm sureof that, "Otto answered, emphati cally. Then with another glanoo at that palo, and to them awful, portent in the southern sky, ho added, "It looks a hopeless case for us, in this disabled craft, I admit, but I have been in desperate straits before, and yet have escaped. However, we all know the one great power who lias so far kept us afloat can yet steer us safely through." " Aye, aye, that's true," assented the men. Otto went below at onco to prepare his wife for the peril before them. He found her seated in their cabin reading. She rose as he entered, greeting him with a smile of patbetio sweetness, a . world of love shining in hor large dark eyes. . " One could bo more cheerful, Otto, only for the thought of the terrible anxiety and distress our dear ones must now be enduring on our botialf," she said, with a little tremor in her voice! "The news will have been cabled homo, you know, that tho Clarence is missing." Siluntly he drew her into his arms, kissing her again and again with passionnto fervor. "My brave darling !" he said at length with a grave earnestness that at once arrested her attention. " We are rapidly drawing near to what seems to be tho end, for tho ice pack is almost within sight!" Although May's face grew a shndo paler, she ' did not' tremblo as she listened with qniot intent- Teas while her husband explained fully their dangerous position. Then - placing - her little white hands on Otto's broad manly breast, and ' with h devoted upward look into tho handsome though worn face with its sadly troubled eyes, sho said in n low, thrilling voice : "My dearest, we have suffered muoli in a short time, and if it comes to that, and it is God's will, we shall die together. But, Otto, we will not despair, even now j the wind may change, or we may drift into a current that will carry us baok again into regions whero we may yet be found in time." For a moment he gazed on tho lovely face in Bilence, lost in "admiration at the marvellous spirit of the gallant girl who could meet grim death with such a gentle calmness. Wob ever man blessed with so sweet a com forter in the hour of extremo peril ? " ho ex claimed, drawing hor olosor to his heart, "No wonder tho vory sailors aver they oan die with out flinching! with the example of suoh a noble oonragebeforotliem." ' The drifting icobergs wore more numerous than on any of the preceding days, and their -fantastic forms wore often wonderful to behold. 'Some towering lilgh as mountains, while others, rapidly melting, had assumed fairy like ' and beautiful shapes. — ohurahes, ships, vessels under full sail, and a hundred other fanciful shapes that exorcised a weird fasoinatlon over the minds of those who watohed them with an ever inoroasing sense of droad. Only on ono occasion did they approaoh near enough to threaten collision, when the imminent danger was averted as if by a mirnole. It was a glorious day, with warmth in the sun, and the sky was a dome of clearest blue here and there flcoked with light tracery of clouds wliioh had settled away to the west and north. Tho breezo . was soft and balmy, and the Olarenoa was carriod . slowly along on tho gontlo swell of the water at a steady rate. , By 4 o'clook in tho afternoon thoy had drifted to the edge of the . pack, and the . wind, - which . sinco noon liad; steadily increased, . soon drovo . the disabled vessel woll within its confines, and then , what at , first appoarcd thoir greatest danger proved for the timo a source of safety. . Tho pressure of the brokon ice by . which they were now surrounded on all sides formed a shel tering (haven and kept tho ship 'fixed and sta tionary. Tho pieces of ioo wore loosoiy paoked, being for tho most part 30 or 40 feet In diameter, with a sraoot flat surfaoe, having hore and tlioro small irregular prominences or linmmooks, the , whole of a snowy, wliitoness, tlio sea edge of tho Ice not morn than 6 or 8 inchos deep. Looking towards the horizon, the pack in the distance presented a uniform white surface from the dark lanes of water between being concealed. Many birds flew about the vessel, chiefly white and stormy petrels, aud a few penguins could be seen upon tho ice, while in the clear spaces many seals were swimming about. Words cannot tell with what heroic fortitudo May boro herself all through that awful time of peril and distress. Her active intelligence dis played itself in wise suggestions, whilo her hope ful spirit was simply amazing, and often had tho effect of putting new heart into the forlorn and despairing men even when all ground for hope seemed gone. And yet, a glance at the girl's pale, beautiful face showed that she suf fered terribly. But despite the firm set of the mouth, and tho steadfast determined gaze of the brilliant dark eyes, thero was a sweetness ' in the composed countenance that appealed to the best feelings of the men, and seemed to draw forth those grand qualities of manly courage and heroism latent in tho heart of every true sailor. Harassed with torturing anxiety, and worn out with watching and suspense, Captain Axel- son fell- ill, but May tended him with suoh gentle and assiduous caro that he soon re covered, although sufforing greatly from weak ness and depression. ' Chapter IV. Four days they, lay within that icy harbor with scarcely a breath of wind stirring the air around them, the sea shining in a dear sky by day, and the Aurora Australia illuminating the heavens by night, - frequently forming an arch from north-west to north-cast, from which pale yellow rayB shot up towards the zenith. A largo quantity of ico was taken on board for water supply. Of fuel and provisions they for tunately had still sufficient for a lengthy period. It was the last night of the old year. The sun, rising at midnight, gliding slowly along the horizon, a broad streak of red diffusing itself across tho sky surmounted by a bank of clouds beautifully barred with the same brilliant color. Under different circumstances the sublime mag nificence of tho scene would havo awakened unbounded admiration, but to tho poor ice bound, souls in the wrecked ship it appeared weirdly appalling. - A solemn sorvioo was held in- the saloon, in which they all joined in fervent supplication to the Almighty for a speedy deliverance from their calamitous condition. And as if in answer to their appeal, on Now Year's day a strong wind camo from the quarter so long hoped for, and soon they were driven dear of tho nack. although still nmone ico- crested waves, but theso ceased to alarm them when before night it was discovered, to their in- tenso joy, that tho Clarence had been carried into a current that was now swiftly benring them in the direction they most de sired to go. At sunset the wind died away, and a dense mist hid everything from view. All the next day the weather continued the same, and towards ovening, as tho vessel drifted slowly along enfolded in the gliding- mists through whioli over and anon thero piercod a golden shaft of glorious sunlight, there suddenly uprose a wild cry of " Icebergs ahead." AH rushed on deck and gazed transfixed at the wondrous sight. " The wall of mist had lifted, and right ahead, but at some distance, ran a chain of mountain bergs so closely packed together thnt no open-' ings, through which perohance the Olaronoe might pass, could be distinguished. .The waves were breaking against the precipitous faces of the bergs, from wbloh brilliant fragments were scattered in showers of rainbow tinted ice. Steadily but surely the heavy swell was driving them towards what, to human eyes, appeared inevitable destruction, the situation rendered the more painful from their utter inability to mako any effort to avoid the dreadful calamity that seemed to await them. They were now within less than half a milo of the range of bergs. Tho roar of the surf and the crashing of tho ice fell upon their earB with a fearful distinctness through tho dense mist which had again enshrouded them in its im penetrable folds, and an awful destruction now, indeed, threatened shortly to close tho world and all its sorrows upon them for ever. The feeling that the end had come pervaded all, and but for tho angry surging of the .surf upon the adamantino walls of ice, a pin might lrava been heard to fall upou the dcak of tho Clarence, so silent and awestruck wcro the helpless creatures calmly awaiting thoir doom. . Captain Alexson had staggered up from be low, his worn faco looking ghastly from illness, as he clung for support to the shattered mast of his ship. Some of the mon knelt, covering their faces with their hands, whilo Stevenson, clasp ing his wifo close to his breast, stood ereot and calm, like a nobly sculptured statue of Despair. Suddenly. the vessel made a swift onrush as if drawn by an invisible power, the cold became intense, and they wcro plunged into semi-dark ness. There was a turmoil of roaring waters in their cars, while tho foam and spray dashed in their faces witli such foroo as woll nigh to nrrost their breathing; Instinctively all oyes were olosed But wltat pon could adequately describe their sensations during tho period of agonising suspense that followed, when every moment seemed an hour, while they momentarily expectod tho crash thnt should dash them to fragments against the granite-like cliffs of ico ? ,. When again their eyes unclosed, oh, marvel of marvels, to their amazement they saw that Proyidonco had dircotod thoir course through a narrory surf beaton strait between two great bergs,, and they had emerged safely inlo tho open sea beyond, where hardly a breath rippled its surface, which roso . and sank to a deep uudersyrcll. And, as if touolrcd by tho magi cian's wand, tho curtain of fog cleared away, revealing a seeno of the -wildest magnifi cence. The sun sotting in n glorious red and purplo horizon, tho sky presenting an extraordinarily beautiful appearance, tho clouds of mist rollinv slowly away, being tinted with the fiery crimson glow. Not any ice, save tho chain of bergs tboy were fast leaving behind, could bo seen, aud a powerful current was bearing them away from tho dread region where, in their disabled state, destruction menaced thorn night and day on every hand. Emerging out of the gloom and darkness, and from the very jaws of death, so to speak, thoy were dazzled for a moment by the brilliance of the sccno before them. Then, when at- length they fully realisod their miraculous escape, a cry of thanksgiving went up from every heart ; hand grasping hand in strong emotion bom of the reaction after a common danger. And, now, for the first time, poor May was com pletely overoome. The awful tension on the nervous system had been too great, weakened as it already was by the suffering through whioh she had passed. A passionate burst of hysterical sobs was followod by a deathlike swoon from which sho did not recover for many hours, to the great alarm of her husband and the anxious solicitude of all on board. Howevor, to the in finite joy of tho watchers, the great dark eyes did at length uuoloae, and a wan smilo wreathed her pale lips as sho encountered Otto's eager gaze, and heard the fervent " Thank God 1" with whioh ho hailed her return to consciousness. It was morning. The sky was almost clear of mist, the clouds, which now only, lingered, in bolts and patches here and there, their centre parts where they were thiokest of a bright red, shading off towards the fleecy . edges into - the most transparent amber and gold. With these exceptions, all was blue, a sapphiro blue of that exquisite color that seems to evade the power of tho eye when it would fain fix it to ono tint. The sea rivalled the sky in its marvellous bonuty of coloring, as it curled and danced in criBp little wavelets, throwing baok from a thousand angles the bright sunbeams that danced upon its sur face. Is it not the unexpected that always happens? The following paragraph, taken from tho columns of a well known New Zealand journal, will explain itself : — " Tho Peterhead whaler, Dundee, which has just reached Hobart, after a successful ex pedition in- Antarctic waters, was fortunate enough to fall in with the missing steamer Clarenco drifting about a helpless wreok, some where between Kcrguelen's Island and the Bounty Group. Two only arc missing from tho list of tlioso who were on board when tho steamer left the Macquarios, namely, tho oliiof olficor, Mr. Oldham, and a seaman nnmed Alton, both of whom were swept overboard during the hurricane that wrecked the vessel." (TITB End.) 