MELBOURNE.. (FB01I OUE OW1' CORIlESrOSDEKT.) Friday. Anti-office rule lias extended how to most of the departments. The "business of the couutry " has taken the Ministers of Mines, "Water Supply, Public "Works, mid Defence out of town, and it may surely : be expected now that matters that have been " hung up" for some lime will bo taken down from their pegs and properly disclosed of. 'With regard to the minors that hayo been flying about town that the new Agent:General found it necessary to " see " his creditors in a body in order that his passa-c out of the colony might not be intercepted, the friends of the Premier regard this tactic as1 equivalent ^ to " hitting below the belt." One of the !>rin ciplcs which Mr Munro has always followed, they pome out, is to pay his bills as lie went along, or, in man}- instances, to "plank down" the cash in exchange for U10 goods required. That he would, therefore, have any creditors of the kind generally dreaded appears then impos- 1 siblc, but then lie had "large ".financial trau- ! suctions, " you know," it is argued; Well in respect to them it seems that there hiis been no difficulty. That the Premier has lost a lot of 1 money since the days of the "boom"1 when I real estate was inflated there is no doubt, but it I is confidently stated that he still holds his head very much above water. So far as I can learn all that the hon. gentleman did in the way of " arrangement" was to consult his banker about his affairs in view of the fact that lie does not contemplate directly scvoring himself from the fiuancial institutions with which ho is now connected, when he irocs to London. A number of free railway passes have been issued to members of the "unemployed" who desire to go into the country. By direction of thcPrcmicr, Mr Morkham (the Acting-Secretary of Public Works) has superintended the issue of the passes, giving them only iu cases where ap plicants were able to satisfy him that they either had obtained work or had good xwoapccts of getting it in the country. Ilot as the weather is, it is satisfactory to note tliat the shipment of butter to England has proceeded without any hitch owing to the fust-class arrangements of the Agricultural department. Seventy tons were jmt on hoard the Oruba, last evening, from tho cool storage chambers at Kewport, in perfect order.:' The ingenuity of some of the devices resorted to by " dead-beats " and their friends in these •depressed times almost deserves the success that attends them, were it not for the extreme meanness and couteiriptihility characterising some of their efforts. In some fashionable suburbs it is usual for the head.of the house, to give a substantial Xnnis or Xcw. Year s " tip " to those useful weekly nocturnal 'visitors bent upon missions of clcanliuess. About a fortnight prior to the great feast an elderly woman in great distress made her appearance at the front door of the resideuces favored by the corporation, agents, and represented that she was the mother-iu daw of oneof them. That morning her' daughter had giveu up the ghost in the mater nity hospital, after giving birth to a child. The husband, her'sou, was disconsolate, and the children helpless and hungry. Would the people,"111 their kiuduess, just anticipate Christ inas by a few days and under the circumstances give her tho usual presents then. That course, she tearfully stated, had been suggested to her by the town clerk of the suburb, who had him self assisted her. Touched by the woman's story the x>QOple yielded without hesitation/in some cases without asking themselves wliat^the usual amount was, but "came "down" hand somely. But judge of their infinite disgust,1 when a day or two after Christumsthe real anti perfume man threw out a hint about his " tip." j" Wo gave it to your mother-in-law," said the people with an offended air. "Didn't know I had one this hist five-and-tweuty year," re torted the grimly-bearded'fellow who'was nearer GO than 53. The story was told him, and he murmured something about " flats " and " sharps," and what fools peoplo wcre to allow themselves to he " 'ad ; " but unmistak ably made it known by disconnected sentences and sbugs of shoulders that he expected his usual (htucnr all thesame. He got it; but the woman who " 'ad " thciu lias gone to auothcr suburb. .■, , Mr Noel do-Leon, wlio Una been employed for a loug time in the capacity, ot canvasser by the proprietors of the Wyr, and is a well-known city man and turf patron, was arrested by the detective police to-day on the charge of the larceny of cheques. -.He;is alleged to-havo mis-, appropriated cheques for .C12 12s fid, .CIO 10s , and .CO lis 3d paid to. him on behalf of Mr David Sj'mc, and it is feared that other cheques have been taken as well. Daniel Itinis, who is alleged to have done a littlo welching at the Inhibition on the occasion of. the tug-of-war competition, was committed for trial by the City Bench to-dny. 1 ; u I The Oriental of the 1*. and. 'O. Company's : line, which put in an appearance here for the iirsttime, is .known on ; the line between India ami the phi country jis one of the swiftest boats in this famous service. She reports an exceptionally rough voyage, duringj which the fine steamer's sea-going capacities were put to a high test with satisfactory results. Francis Byrne and .Tames Sclsby, the two young scamps who raised .; money on tho strength of rcincscntations that they were col lecting funds on behalf of distressed cricket clubs, got six months each to-day. ■ ' ; „ : ; Friday Night. Great xniblic interest continues to he iniuu fested in the tug of- war tournament. The principal contest this'evening >vas Ireland v. Scotland, in which Eriii's sons walked away with the Caledonians in a few seconds. America heat Denmark; and Australia; heat Goiiunuy, wliilo Jfaly wits vnnqmeliotl>pj- Noir Zealand. The Malvern juniors defeated Lord Sheffield's 12 in a two days' one'innings match by 51 runs. The scores were: Malvern juniors, 1U1; Fng Ushmep, 13f. 