CHILDREN'S COLUMN. IN THE LOWER BUREAU DRAWER. Many strange things have happened in the old Iturbide Palace, 'in the city of Mexioo, which, since that Emperor's downfall, has been called the Itnrbide Hotel; but it is doubtful whether its thick stone walls were ever more surprised than on the night when an American boy was roused in his room almoBt at' midnight by a lad clad iu ragged Aztec costume, who made the astonishing demand— " You have my grandfather's skull here. I want it, please!" The Iturbide Hotel is not a ghostly old plaoe full of dark corners and mysterious pas sages, but a modern structure built after the Mexican fashion, around large courtyards with plenty of light and air. And. Harry Spauld mg, upon whom the demand was made, was not, there alone with the Aztecs and the re mains of their ancestors. There were other Americans in the building that night, some of them perhaps immediately beneath him ; for Harry was the youngest member of a party of American tourists who were visiting the old Aztec capital, and a small room had been given bim in an upper part of the house. There were even more visiting Americans than thcEe in the Mexican capital at the time. A company of Ametican performers were playing in the National Iheatre, or, as the Mexicans call it, the Teatre Nacional. These players, like many other companies, made a business of travelling among the capitals of Central and South A merica, Mexico, and the larger towusof the West Indies, and often they were away from home for months at a time; and losing a comrade here and another there by desertion or fever, and engaging some local performer when they could to till the vacant place, they always returned from a tour with several new members. Yet with all these Americans in the same city with bim, and many more who live there permanently, Harry Spaulding was asked to give up the skull of the Aztec lad's grandfather. And the worst of it was on that night be had two skulls in the lower drawer of his bureau. It was through following a bad example that be happened to have those skulls in his bureau drawer that night. Tbe native Mexicans— that is, tbe Aztecs, sb distinguished from the Spaniards aud other foreigners who have driven them out of power—have a strange custom of leaving the Bkulls of their ancestors exposed in the old cemeterieB. Sometimes these skulls—hundreds of them—are piled up in pyramids. More frequently they are laid in rows or geometrical figures on old tomb stones. But wherever they are, tbey are re garded with tbe greatest veneration, and are treated as sacred. For a foreigner to touch one of them or to interfere with them in any way would bring a mob of infuriated natives about him in a moment, if he should be dis covered ; and if he escaped with only a severe handling without being killed on the spot, he might count himself fortunate. ■several ot tbe Americans in Harry s party had been mean enough to steal some of these skulls for relics. Probably they did not know what severe consequences would follow if tbey should be caught; but even the despised Aztecs know better than to desecrate a tomb. However, the Americans stole the skulls, and they were not caught, and for several days the secret was whispered about among the Ameri cans in the hotel, and the skulls were occa sionally shown to particular friends. Then came tbe news that these Vandals had risked their lives without knowing it to get theskulls, and the ghastly relics were thought more valu able than ever. Unfortunately Henry Spaulding heard about the skulls, and aB a great favour b-i was allowed to see them, and when he learned what a risk was run in getting them he de termined to have a skull himself. Let us charitably believe that if he had stopped to consider be would not have done such a thing, and that it was the love of adventure, not a desire to possess a skull, that induced him to do it; but while his father was away for heveral days making the ascent of the mountain Popocatepetl, he ran the risk successfully, reached the hotel with two skulls and locked them in his room. From that moment be knew no peace of mind while the wretched skulls were in liia possession. Elated with the success of his venture, proud to have done something that was highly dangerous for a man, he ran down stairs. In the front courtyard he found the Americans gathered in groups, all talking earnestly and in low tones. Evidently some thing was wrong. "What is it? Whit is it all about?"he asked of a young fellow-traveller whom he knew well. " It means that there are some blockheads in America as well as in other countries," was the reply. " But they don't always stay at home. Some of them are in Mexico at this minute, and a nice scrape they've got them selves into. They'll be looked up at the very least if the mob doesn't kill them on the way to gaol." " Locked up !" Harry exolaimed. " Why, have any of our fellows been doing any thing?" " Doing anything ! They've been robbing graveyards, that's all; and it's a wonder they weren't killed on tbe spot. But it's made a nice row all over the city, with a great crowd of dagoos hunting for the Americans with knives, and the American Consul's been here, and officers with search warrants. Some of our party have been stealing skulls out of a graveyard, and if they're found out 1 don't doubt they'll be killed." The flush oil Harry's cheeks was no longer a flush of triumph. It came from a very different emotion. Mobs! search warrants! and two stolen skulls lying in his room. He turned away and walked several times up and down the big courtyard. What could be do ? If there was only some way to get rid of the miserable relics. He thought out every pos sible plan. Throw them out of the window ? Yes, and have a crowd collect around them in the street or the yard; that would be suicidaL Burn them ? He had no stove or fireplace. Bribe the waiter boy to take them away? He spoke no Spanish. Besides, how could be trust this boy, who was himself an Aztec, and would doubtless betray him? Then, being an American boy, be hit upon the right idea. In one of the groups in the courtyard was an intimate friend of his father, a middle-aged man, who had not joined in the Popocatepetl party on account of a slight illness. He would tell him everything, and ask his advice. Wait ing for an opportunity be drew this gentleman aside. "Is there going to be trouble about the skulls, Mr. Gray." he asked in a low voice. "Serious trouble, I am afraid," Mr. Gray answered. " I have two of tbem, sir, up in my room." ' What!" Mr. Gray exclaimed. "Two of them, sir," Harry repeated. "I got them this afternoon before there was any trouble about them. Now all I want is to get rid of them, and as father is away, I thought I j would come to you for advice." j " My dear boy," said Mr. Gray, laying hiB I lmnd affectionately upon Harry's shoulder, " what a thousand pities you did not oome to me (or advice before you did such a thing. This is a serious business. Does any one know you ha* e them V' "Not a soul, sir," Harry replied. "Then let me think a moment. In your father's absence I shall try to act for you just as he would if he were here, but you must do just as I tell you. You say these—these articles are in your room. Then go to your room and wait there till I come. When I oome I shall bring a large satchel with me and take thein away in it. It is better that they should be found in my possession than in yours.-' " No, sir," Harry replied firmly. " Exoubb me, but I cannot do that." j " You were to do just as I told you," Mr. ! Gray said. "Yes, sir; but not that. I, too, want to act in this trouble just as I should if my father were here, and he would not let me shift my own danger to the shoulders oi a friend. Some other way than that please, sir." "Harry, you are too brave a boy to be robbing graveyards," said Mr. Gray with a mellow look in bis eye. " Then go up to your 100m and I will follow in a few moments with out a satchel, and we will make some tempo rary disposition of the miserable things." Ten minutes later the two skulls were, by Mr. Gray's advice, laid away in the lower drawer of Harry's bureau, from which all the boy's clothes bad been taken. "They aro better so than locked in your trunk," Mr. Gray said. "If they are found here thete is no proof that you put them here ; they might have been left in the drawer by some former occupant of the room. But if they should be found in your trunk that would be strong circumstantial evidence against you. Now I will devise some way to dispose of them." Though Mr. Gray had promised todisposeof the skulls, it was no easy matter in a strauge city, whose customs and language he was entirely unfamiliar with. He took a cigar and went out into the street, the Calle San Francisco. His walk was interrupted by a young man who put out hiB hand saying:— "Good evening, Mr. Gray. This is a great time you Americans have been making over at the lturbide. I hope you are not one of the skull-Btealers." " Why, Jose Molina 1" Mr. Gray oxclaimed, warmly grasping the proffered hand. "I heard you were in the city, but I have not been able to look you up aB you know I do not go to the theatre. I hear you have beoome a great actor." Hardly so much as that, tre young man laughed ; " but things have changed a little with me since I was one of your cflice boys in New Vork. I tell them I am not an actor at all, but a trickster, an acrobat, a ventriloquist. But they seem to like me, and it pays. Tell me how you happen to be in Mexico. It is natural enough for me to be here, for I am a strolling player, and know Mexico as well as I know New York. You know I am a native of Bio Janeiro, and this American company picked me up there, and we are working our way slowly towards New York. But you ?" " 1 am merely making a short visit here with a party of American tourists," Mr, Gray re plied. " And they .have, as you say, been doing foolish things with the skulls. By-tbe-way, Jose Molina, you say you are acquainted with Mexico ; then you are just the man to give me some assistance. If I should tell you that a particular friend of mine has two of those skullB in his possession, and that we are at a loss to know how to dispose of them, could you help ub ?" "Decidedly !" the young man exclaimed. " Help you ? I'll do much more than that to oblige Mr. Gray. I'll take them away myself. It's perfectly easy. Where is your friend ?" "He is at the Iturbide Hotel," Mr. Gray answered. " He is only a boy, who has thoughtlessly done this foolish thing. Do I say tbathe has done it ? I mean to say that the two—the two objects are in his room, and that who put them there remains to be seen. But they must be taken away." "I see, I see!" the young man laughed again. " They shall disappear to-night. And how I shall enjoy a little lark like this! I've not had one of my frolics since I came to Mexico. A boy, you say? Then here's a bargain:—The two objects shall disappear to-night immediately after the performance, whioh will end shortly before midnight. A hoy? Ha! ha! You know I have turned ventriloquist, Mr. Gray, and I'll give this grave-robbing boy juet a little bit of a fright. But meanwhile you are to mention this to nobody, not even to the boy. When the sun riseB the objects are gone. I do not care to know the hoy's name. If you agree, I need'only the number of his room and the location of the objeots." " But how is it possible, Jose, for you to—" "It is the easiest thing in the world." Jose replied, "if you leave it to me. It is a bar gain ?" "You were always worthy of trust, Jose, and I trust you now," Mr. Gray replied, taking his band again. "But you must not frighten the boy too badly. The number of hiB room is 88, and the objects are in the lower drawer of his bureau." Ae Jose Molina stepped gayly oS to the theatre he might easily have been mistaken for a Mexican, with his short stature, his rich brown complexion, and his velvety eyes and straight black hair. Thus it happened that a little betore 12 that night a peon boy, in bare feet, hatless, trousers rolled up to his knees, shirt open at the throat, carrying a covered basket on his head, and with a porter's badge carefully made of tinfoil hung from bis neck by a leather thong, entered the Iturbide Hotel, his badge taking him past the watchman without question. Midnight would be a late hour for delivering bundles in other countries, but it is early enough to excite no comment in a Mexican hotel. Tap ! tap ! tap! at the door of No. 88. " Who ib it?" asked Harry Spaulding from within, starting nervously from the uneasy sleep into which he had fallen. "A friend," responded the peon boy in a low voice. "A friend from Mr. Gray. Be quick 1" The mention of Mr. Gray's name disarmed Harry's fears, and he unbolted the door. The peon instantly pushed his way into the room, set down hiB basket, and bolted the door again. "You have my grandfather's skull here," said he in the moBt matter-of-fact way. "I want it, please." "You — did — you—say—you—" Harry gasped, leaning against the bed and holding to the post by one hand, all the colour gone from hiB face in an instant. "Don't keep me waiting, please." said the peon boy. "I have brought a basket for it." Did ever messenger go about an errand with such fatal coolness? His grandfather's skull, please; and he had brought a basket for it! Harry seized the bedpost now with both hands, and a cold perspiration moistened his brow. "I—I—I know n-n-notliing about your gr—" he stammered. But before he could finish the sentence there came a sepulchral voice from the bureau: " I'm in the lower bureau drawer, Jose!" Harry shook like a leaf. His knees refused to support him, and be sank upon the bed, his , teeth chattering. Hod an ordinary oonven- ! tional white ghost appeared in the night he would most likely have laughed and thrown the pitcher at it, for he was not in the least superstitious. But a common street boy, a young Azteo Indian boy, coming to his room at midnight, and coolly demanding his grand father's skull, was too much for bis overstrained nerves, and his muscles gave way. Jose paid no attention to the frightened boy, but stepped quietly to the bureau and opened the drawer. Then he took up one of the skulls, held it in his arms, patted its smooth crown, and stroked it as one might stroke the curly head of his child.' After a moment of this he picked up the basket and began making a neat in the loose straw with whioh it was filled. Then the skull spoke again, " There's another one there!" " All right, grandpop,". said Jose with the utmost coolness, as he took a handkerchief from his pocket, wrapped it around the skull, and laid it carefully in the basket. Having deposited the basket again upon the floor. Jose returned to the bureau and lifted out the other skull. The instant he looked at it he had every appearance of being nearly as much frightened as Harry. He set it down upon the bureau as quickly aB though it had been red hot, and cried out as loudly as he thought he could cry with safety. Then he sprang to Harry's side and shook him. "Boy, boy, what have you done? Fly, fly for your life before it is too late. Yonder lies the skull uf Montezuma, the beloved father of his people." The shaking and this latest fright brought Harry partially to his senses. He was about to speak, when the words were taken out of [ his mouth by the skull upon the bureau, which hoarsely mumbled:— _ Water! Water! As you hope for mercy, give me water!" '1'hiB was too much apparently for the stoical Jose, He sprang from Harry's side, snatched up his basket, and in an instant was unbolting the door as if to escape. The honor of the situation gave Harry new strength, and he bounded to the door and seized Jose by the arms. " Do not leave me with that—that—gentleman on the bureau !" be begged. " I did not mean to do you any harm. I didn't know the other gentleman was your grandfather. Upon nay word I didn't. Please don't leave me alone with that skull that talkB.'' Then a bright idea struck him. "Take him. too," headded. " Boy," Jose responded, in cool, but thought ful tones, " you know not what you ask. And yet—and yet"—he hesitated—"if one of us muBt die, why not I. and let him live who has everything to live for ? But my aged father ? I am his sole support. If I make the sacrilioe, I leave the aged one penniless." "No, no," Harry exclaimed, snatching his purse from the washetand, where he had laid it. " Here is gold: take all I have. If anything happens they shall all be provided for—your whole family—when my father gets baok. Oh, do take them both away !" Jose looked contemptuously at the purse, but took it. " Ah! gold ! gold!" he muttered. " Base, treacherous gold, what awful sacrifices for thy worthless sake are made! But" (turning to Harry) "it is not enough. Remember, my young life is at Btake." " My watch," Harry gasped, "my rings, my clotheB—everything in the room! Oh, do please take them both away !" "A watch," Jose repeated, soliloquising again. "Watches mark the swift passing of the hours, and mind us every moment that that may lie our last. Get me the watch, boy." Bo saying he turned from the door, and Harry released his hold. Wliile the quaking boy produced the watch, which, together with the purse. Jose thrust into his pocket, the peon boy lifted the other skull from the bureau, and saying:— "Come, Monty, we're going now," thrust it quickly into the basket beside the other and waB gone. A minute later an ordinary peon boy, with a porter's badge that protected him from police interference, was walking lei surely down the street with a basket on bis head. When Jose Molina met Mr. Gray at break fast next morning, he handed over to him the watch and purse. But Harry Spaulding lay abed with a headache. -Harper s Young 