SPOUTING NOTES FROM QUEENSLAND. (TOOH OUB OWH OOSnESrOSDBKT.) Br.iSDAM, Sunday. Tho Q.T.O. Enoon. ? One ooald not wlnh for a moro glorious holi day than that proclaimed in honor of tho Princo on Wodnonday laat, and In fuudo or out of funds tho wholo of Brisbano ucomed to turn out for o, jollification of ono cord or an othor. It is roally surprising whoro all tho money comos from on ooanslona liko this, bat in spito of tho nnivorjial depression it does oomo from oomowhoro, and whilo tho majority aro crying ont about tho ' pinoh of advorslty, ' thoy gonorally manage to find tho oaoh lor tos tlve purposo. Thoro was any quantity of varioty in tho mattor of ciort on the holiday, thoro 'being tho raooo at Eaglo Farm, the re gatta in tho bay, and any nnmbor of private pionio partioa, but tho races wero, after all, tho prinoipal attraction. Baaing seems to havo somo sort of a magnotio powor ovor tho peoplo, and whon important ovonto liko tho Qaoonsland Cnp aro to bo run thoy roll up in good forco. Unfortuatoly tho Bocond part of tho mooting was not got through without un plcasantnosaea arising | but this was only to bo oxpootod after tho muddlomadoof tbo start ing on tho Saturday. In tho Hopof ul Stakos, whioh, aa overyono knows, is tho biggest two yoar-old race of tho Beason, tho jockeys woro nltogothor boyond tho starter s con trol, and tho youngsters woro timod to remain at tho post for moro than nn hour beforo thoy woro allowed to go, and thon thoy went off iu very bad ordor, all but two or throo boing loft without a ghost of a ahanoo from tho moment tho flag foil. This led to tho fining and Buuponsion of Bomo of tho host of our jockoys, und thoro has boon aomo warm debating aa to whothcr tbo stowarna ought to bo so hard on tho boys, considering tho ex ooptlonal ciroutnstancoa of tho caso. Tho boya, all of thorn, woro bad undoubtedly, and if any were punished they Bhould all havo boon, but thoy aro placod in a vory naaty position botwoon tho ownors, tho publio, tho wtartor, and tho stewards, and whoro a new man has to bo appointed temporarily, somo allowance ought perhaps to bo mado. Tho racing bogan with tho Chosterfiold Plato, n. milo handicap, for wliioh thirteen weub out, and Dillon and Acooptod woro mado equal favoritea. Noitber, howevor, ran np to oxpeofeationa, and tho winnor turnod up in tho big ohosnut colt Zingara, who is by tho slro of Groygown, from Apology, and who raood aa gamo as a pobblo to catoh the Bobinson Crnsoo filly Ayoshah in tho Btraight,.outtinif out tho mile in 1mm 4-i 2-5soo. iourtoon was tho stronrjth of tho Hopoful Stakoa Cold, aud in tbo betting nothing oamo near tho Trident colt, Triton, in pnblio favor. How things would havo panned out had tbo Btart been anything liko a fair one, it is impossible to say, bub although evidently not himself at all, tho favorito, aftor getting oft badly, ran into a place As it wns, that fino big follow Recovery, by Phil Athol from Lydia, a full Bister to Lyndhurst, had things all his own way from tho jump, and won vory oasily from M.L.A., who was anothor of tho fow lucky ouo$ at tho start. Of courso backers would hear of nothing but Babel and tho Dorby winner for tho Cup, and tho betting when tho bakor's dozen wont out was 3 to 1 eaoh v Babel and !Uusioian, 6 Splondide, 7 Alomah, 10 Noondoo, 12 Zingara and Boohc-de-mer, 25 Talkativo. Dan O Connoll and Bobadil, 50 Tho Jow, and 100 Decoy. And again, howoxor, tho sup porters of the favorites woro doomod to diBap pointmont, for, although Tridnntato managod to squeezo into a place, Babel was a beaten horao aftor thoy had gono tho first furlong. What was tho matter with the Captain s horses it is impossible to sa.y for certain, bnt there haTO been rumors that both Babel and Triton wero got at by somo sooundrol on tho night beforo, and the appearanco of tho horsoa did not cive tha Ho to thoao rnmora, for thoy wero a long way from boing right. Babol nevor onco showed any pace in tho Cup raoo, and had to be ridden to keep noar tho front for ths first milo, so that oven granting ho conld not under any oircuin stances got two miloa, his form horo waa altogether wrong, and this was proved by his running on tho last day of tho mooting. Tho littlo Grand Flanour mn.ro Memah holpod Bobadil to mako tho rnniilng for thu first milo, after wbioli Zingara went on in front, and carved it out in great stylo to within a quarter of a milo of tho post, whon that won dorful littlo bit of stuff, Splondido, who for the moat of tho journey had boon at the tail ond of tho fiold, ran up to him in a fow strides, and loading him round the turn, oamo into the (straight with tho raco in hand, and won com fortably onough by a ooaplo of lengths. Zingara ran a groat colt to got second, and had his owner not fooliahly put up noarly a stono overweight tho horso would probably have won. Tho official timo for tho two miles was givon at 3min 3'iaoo, but privato watchos mado it 3min 82Jnoo, a really wonderful por forinanco for a littlo maro liko Sptondide, with 9st 21b on hor back. Tho Cup raco ovor, thero wa3 not much interest in the romaindor of tho racing. Tho Tally-Ho Plato, two mileB, over tho omall foncoa, introduced a fino itimpor in tho outsider Dypyrhua, a Clarence Bivor golding, who, riddou Dy J. Patterson, waa pulling hard all the way, and won as though ho waa doing an oxoraise gallop by hiineclf, in 4min 2Jsoo for tho journey. Vizior added anothor selling raoe to hia credit by beating Edna by n head aftor a gront battlo in the Birthday Stakea; end that boautiful gontlornan, King Olaf, although as big as a prizo hog, made backs of Dan O'Connoll, Clinkor, Oriohton, Vera Spes, and Cooeo iu tho All-agod Plato, coming away in the straight and beating Dan threo lengths in lmin 43-ioo for tbo mile, a rattling good go. Tho unlucky jookoys in tho Hopaful Stakea wero Frank Smith, W. M'Cabo, and E. Bofrors, who woro oaoh finod £5, and M. Walsh, who was fined £10, and all wero suspended from riding for thrco months. This decision was announced aftor tho Cup race Tho fino woathor oontinnod thronghout Thursday, but a torrifio thunderstorm ushored Friday in, and it rained moro or leas all the day, making tho courao terribly wot. Tho good luok which Btuok to tho lending olub was not, howover, going to deaort it at the last moment, and a delightful wostorly drove all tho clouds away on Friday night, handed in a beautiful moruing for tho laat day's racing, and went a long way tonarda drying up tho courao. Thoro was not auch a lr.r:?o atton dance at Tbo Farm yo3torday, but this was not to bo expectod on an off day, and tho fivo thonaaud or so who helped to mako matters look bright and brisk mado up a vory respoo* tablo orowd. Thore waa nothing liko tho tronblo with the Btarting that thero waa on Cup Day, and tho reunion wound up in a vory satisfactory manner, with good lloldn, good raoing, fair betting, and no moro unpleasant intorferenoe3. Bobadil waB tho shot-bird for tho Toombul Plate, run ovor 7 furlongs, but ho Buffered dofoat in tho Iryac stride, by a littlo ohesnut horse named Orator, who hails from tho Biohmond, and whoso owner thoaght so littlo of his chanoo that ho allowed him to go out totally unbacked. Only two lucky 'uns wont on his number on tho toto, and tho in vestment turned out very romuner&tivo;, as tho dividend was tho largont ever paid in Quoensland, in Bpito of tho 12^ per cent, do duotion— .£159 5s. The courso was Btill hoavy, and it took the winnor lmin Slioeo to ran tho seven furlongs. Thero was no botting, or at least so tho bookies said, over tho Oxloy Nursory Handicap, tho distance of which was the eanio aa that in tho Hopoful Stakes. Thoro woro twolvo startors oub of tho fiftoon named, tho withdrawals being Triton, Trontola, and Expootation. Bocovery was given 9st 5Ib, and waa scratohod as soon as tho weights camo out. Tho boys this timo gavo littlo or no trouble at tho post, and tho flag foil aftor a fow falso trioa io a straggling start. Trontroso and M.L.A. mado tbo paoo to tho turn, whoro thoy had had onoujh, and a slashing raco botween half-a-dozon took place up tha straight, tho bay filly Imporatrlx, by Lord Salisbury out of Boalm's dam, Bquoozing homo a winnor half-a-lougth from Darroll and Capriato, in tho slow timo of lmin 8soo. Fivo to two Babel, 4 to 1 Zingara, 6 to 1 Tridontato, 8 to 1 Musioian, any prioo tho othors for tho Sandgato Handicap, lj milo, showed what tho backers still thought of tho disappointing golding. And'they woro not wrong.ior although evidently not yat ro coveredfroci whatever had boen ailing him, ho ran a good raoo, and fought tlio finish out to a doad heat with Zingara. Tho Ipawich horso, La Grange, was a good third, and tho time takon to run tho ton furlongs waa 2min 16 l-5soc. Tho owners agrood to divido. Eight started for tho Motropolltan Stoopleoha30, about 3 miles, and old Drummer was tho most fancied, being baokod down to evons, while Oriterion, from tho Bamo Btablo, was quotod at fours. Matohlook and Sllvorshot baulked nt tho first obstacle, and after tho othora bad gone half tho journoy thoro woro only tho favorito and . Oritorlon and First Light loft with any Bhow. Tho favorite was in trouble ?alf a mile from bomo. and tho paco at whioh Jritorion was taking him along brought First Light to grief, ftt tho thrao- farlongrs hurdlo, and Criterion oantorod in in front of Drummer, old Inkorman. who had beon plodding alongin tho rear, finishing third, a couplo of hundred yards off. Anothor small Bnrpriso was In Btorein tho Stanley Plato, w.f.a., 1 milo and a furlong. Tho Cup winnor, Splondido, was at evens whon tho flag foil, whilo Babol was at 0 to i, and Tho King at two's. Babol, Btill on the improvo, got off in front and was novor headed, although tho mfiro run np to him a quartor of a milo from tho po3t. A fitrango horseman being on hor baok waa thought to bo tho causo of hor disposition to run wida at tho straight entranoo, but it is doubtful if sho could havo beaten Babol nndor other conditions, for when bo Is roally Babol bo can mako haoks of anything horo, oxoeptiug porhapa King Olaf, over anything up to a milo and a qnartor. Tho King carried a ponalty, which raised bis woight to Ost 101b, and under this ho did remarkably woll to got Bocond. 'Xho othors — Snturn Noondoo. JXin O'Connoll, and Coooo— woro novor in It. Only ono rooo now remainod to fluiah up tlio moot ing, and thin, tha Proaidont'a Handioap, ono milo, waa won without much troublo by that cood littlo bit of Btnfi Momah, by Grand ond, and Roorod an easy viotory from Clinker and the favorito, Accepted, in lmin 43 1-5 eoo for tho milo. Good business was dono by tho Challenge totaliaator machines thronghout tho threo days, tho total sum put through being littlo phort of i!15,000. Thia givos tho olnb about .£1200 aftor paying for tho work ing of tho machines, and tho ooffors of the Treasury bonefit by tho totalisator tax to tha tune of about .5350. A Popular Jookoy Killed. It is my sad duty to ohroniolo the death, under the moat mournful oiroumstancea, of one of our most promising boys— poor littlo Edgar Boorers. Tho lad was in tho boot of health and Bplrita on Friday morning, whon at daylight he went into tho box oocu piod by tho two-year-old Spider, to finish dressing tho colt beforo taking him to tho track. Ho was hoard to say, ' Stand over,' and it is presumed that ho Btruok the oolt with the brash, for immediately a groan and a fall woro hoard, and the boy was found lying against tho wall, with blood runniutr from hiH mouth. Ho was iu a semi conscious Bttite. and waa spoodily conveyed to the hospital, whoro all that waa possiblo was done to Bavo his lifo, but from tho firat the dootora held out no hopes, as it was patent to them that poor Edgar had boon kiokod fair in tho atomiioh, nnu tlinfc Bomo ot tlio intorDnl organs had boon rupturod. Tho boy llngorod till 5 o'olock jrostorday, when ho passod peacofully away in tho prosonco of nomo of hia dearost frionds, who had remainod by his bod sido all night. Bogora was not yet 23 years of ago, and evoryono who know him is stricken to tho heart at his sad and untimely ond, for ho was one boy in a thonsiuid, an ornament to his profession, ? and a little gontloman in ovory sense of tho word. Hia doath will ba n , torrible blow to hio poor old muther, for hor littlo Bon wna hor main aupport, antl hia fato will bo regretted dooply for many a long day to oomo. The fuuoral took place this afternoon, and was vory largely attondod. Tho oofiln con taining all that remained of thoir dear oomtado was oarriod by four of tho jookeya behind tho hoarso, nnd thore was a large following of lads dressed in jookoy oostnmo. Somo bountiful wreaths of flowers wero sent, and tho scone at the gravosido was touching in the ortromo, whoro many tears woro shod. ^ A Presentation. Frank Smith, who rodo the winner of tho Queensland Cup, was presented on Cup night at Fillis's olrous with a modal, purohosod for the occasion by the show proprietor. 