I CHILDREN'S COLUMN. I LITTLE MR. QUIMBO. BY B. VINTON BLAKE. It was on a pleasant June morning that I rode out of the inn gates in Santa Oarnova, a little, dirty Mexican town away down in south-western Texas. - Yon needn't look on your maps for.it-I never oonld find it on one yet, and yon cannot. But of all the ill-condi tioned towns I ever saw this ranks among the worst. Well, as I said, X rode oat of the gateway of the inn on a June morning. Not at all such an inn as you would imagine, but a plain, untidy, square, flat- roofed structure built of adobes-a kind of sun-dried bucks. There was an archway leading to an ill-paved oourt, and as I rade out I gave Rangoon the rein. A proud head, two alert ears, a silky bright bay.ooat, four swift, restless feet, a frame of iron and muscles of steel-such was Rangoon. No one ever ruled him but I, and he soorned all laws but the law of love. If you own horses, boys, make them love you, and you have etanch friends-truer, sometimes, than human ones-who will not fail you in time of need. Rangoon loved me; he obeyed my voice or signal; I could guide him by word if necessary. He saved my life many timeB, and at last gave his own for mine. But of that I will not tell now. I rode at full gallop down the dirty, narrow street. I was glad to see the last of the dingy houses, to leave the road, and to strike off on the trail that led north-east across the prairie. Many Eastern boys know nothing of the prairies-the wide, grand, far-reaching, undu lating lands that lie all through the south-west and west. Ah, that morning the world seemed as fresh and sweet as on the morning of the Creation. The prairie was a mass of flowers the air indescribably pure and exhilarating. The eun rose to meet ine, slanting goldenly over the tops of the long swells. Rangoon had buckled down to his day's work, going forward with the long, easy, loping gallop natural to him. I rode all the morning. The sun orept up and up the sky, and at noon I camped down in the timber by a swift, narrow creek for dinner. I was in a hurry that day. I wanted to be in Mendios by nson on the morrow ; I had many a weary mile to get over, and expected the prairie to be my bedroom for the night. 1 liked company too well generally to travel alone, but I was taking a crosscut to meet the doctor, whom I expected to find at the inn in Mendios. Well, when the sun began to decline in the west I was still in the saddle and galloping on to the north-east as I had been all day. I was tired; so waB Ran (toon. He slackened suddenly to a slow trot, threw up his head, and Bnified the air. Just then something singular happened. A child's cry, faint but clear, oame to my ears. I declare to you a cold ohill orept over me. Just con sider. I was at least fifty miles from any human habitation, and I did not know what to make of it, Rangoon stopped short. That cry again! A long-drawn pitiful ory; it made my hair stand on end. I don't know whether I thought it was a ghost, or what; but nothing ever moved me before or sinoe as 1 was moved at that moment. It was sunset, too, and the dusk of the evening was beginning to envelop all things. The wide, far- reaching prairie lay on all sides; no human being was near; no emigrant wagon would pass this way, it seemed to me. The tall grass and ttowera waved silently in the fresh wind. I tried to start Rangoon along. I said to myself, " It is a coyote or a prairie dogbut common sense told me better. Suddenly Rangoon turned short round and dashed off to the left. He took the bit in his teeth, put down his head, and bolted. What under the sun possessed him I could not tell. For about three minutes he galloped like mad through the tall grass, and then brought up with a jerk. What did I see 1 A little fellow about three years old, standing in the tall grass which was as high as his head. He had beaten it down all round him. A wee little man alone on the lonely, darkening prairie, with none but God and the angels to watch over and defend him. He looked up into my face with a pair of the brightest eyes I ever saw, andsaid, " Well, I's dot most tired out! I t'ought nobody wouldn't never turn. You's been a most awful long time, Mr. Man!" I never said a word. I couldn't; some thing choked me. I reached down, pulled the little fellow up, and set him in front of me. Then I reined Rangoon back to the trail I had left. "I dess I'm some t'irsty, Mr. Man," said the wee mite; and, still without a word, I gave him my canteen. "IdeEsI'm some hungry, too," he added; and then, looking up in my face, he observed, " Has you lost your tongue, Mr. Man ?" "No," said I; but I could hardly smile. Do any of you realize, as I realized then, the probable fate of this innocent child left alone on the wide prairie at nightfall ? " How did you come here, child?" said I. " I's little Mr. Quimbo," he explained with dignity. " I did turn in a big wagon wiz a white top, an' I tooked a walk, an' I went all aseepy, and ZIB morning de wagon was all gone." "Who was in the wagon ?" " My papa 'n' mama, course," he answered with complacency; "an' Sam: he's a black man. An' my Kitty, an' Bo Peep. He's a lamb, Bo Peep is." "What's your papa's name?" " Papa's ' honey''-zat what mama says." "Nothing else?"asked I. "Nuffi' *t alL S'pose I don't know?" said the midget. "Where were you going in the big wagon ? Here little Mr. Quimbo was at fault. He eaid hie papa was going to a big river, but he knew no more about the matter. Plainly there was nothing for it but to convey little Mr. Quimbo to Mendios, where I might possibly obtain information of the wagon. I camped down soon, for it was too late to search further for timber, {>ioketed Rangoon near by, and rolled the child and myself in the blanket. I didn't sleep muoh, but the little fellow hardly stirred. all night. Toward morning Rangoon slipped his halter, and oame and lay down dose to me, treading circumspectly, for fear of hurting me. After he laid himself down he stretched his long neck over and sniffed at the child with an air of astonish ment. "It's all right, old fellow, said I sleepily. " We'll take care of him, won't we, Ran goon!" I dozed and waked till the western sky turned darker blue, the east a lighter grey. The stars paled and went ont. The east turned pink, then rosy and golden streaks shot up. It was sunrise. A fresh wind blew across the flower prairie. I rose; so did Rangoon. The child still flept. I was investigating the contents of my knapsack, and wondering whether it would pay to stop to shoot and cook game, for I was in haste, when & shout of laughter made me tonii t The young scamp was hanging for dear life to Rangoon^ tail! Rangoon was amazed. He gave a jump and whirl which swung the child about like a feather; but the boy still laughed and would not let go. "Bless my soul, child! The horse might kick the life out of you!" I cried, and sprung to the rescue. But Rangoon knew better. He stopped, laid back his ears, and shook his head. I got the midget away, and gave him a fatherly caution. Then breakfast, and a fresh start. Little Mr. Quimbo chattered like a magpie. But toward noon he grew sleepy, and by the time I struck the broad, quiet street of Mend ios he was asleep in my arms. The inn was quite imposing. Some of the ?windows had balconies. It was built in a hollow square with a large paved oourt in the middle. There was a fountain in the court. You entered under a part of the house through an arched passage, and the clang cf Rangoon's hoofs on the flags opened wide little Mr. Quimbo's eyes. "Has you do1- dere, Mr. Man?" was his salutation. "Where's my papa 'n' mama ?" I felt uneasy. What if I couldn't find them ? Out came the host with many low bows and Spanish compliments. Out also came a ragged old woman, who said she would take my horse. "Is sefior the doctor here?" I asked in Spanish. Before he could answer the doctor's portly form, perspiring face, and jovial voice made answer for themselves. "Ransom, my dear fellow, you've been for ever and a day. Here I've spent two nights in this wretched old place. But, my dear fellow, whose child is that ?" " I's my papa V mama's child," said digni fied little Mr. Quimbo. '' I picked him up on the prairie, doctor. Do you know anything of an emigrant wagon that has passed hereabout?" « "They're all over oreation; you might as well search for a needle in a haystack," said the doctor philosophically. " Hold on, though. Seems as if there was one that went out of here early this morning." He enquired in Spanish of the attentive innkeeper. "Si, sefiores-and in it was the Sefior Hayes, his wife, who seemed like one dis traught, and a rascally negro. They go to Broad's ranch; it is not far from here, five miles down the San Saba." "I must go on down there at once, old fellow," said I to the doctor. " I'll be back this afternoon." And down the narrow trail by the San Saba I galloped at the top of Rangoon's speed, with little Mr. Quimbo on the pommel of the saddle. By-and-by we saw the ranch, on a knoll overlooking a bend of the stream. "Dere's zat wagon now," remarked little Mr. Quimbo. " I dess I t'ink it's pretty mean-goiu' an' leavin' me. 'tics' dot a min' not to speak to 'em !" _ A negro sat idly on the shafts; a lamb was tied to one of the wagon wheels by a long rope. The negro looked up as we rode through the gates, jumped several feet, and gave a shriek. " Oh, hi-yart dar he is ! Dar he is now, dis ycr minute! Oh, lors-a-massy, Mars' Hayes, whar is you, anyway! Jtu! Mars' Hayes! come out hyar, quick, dis minute!" And he performed around Rangoon a war dance startling to behold. Two men rushed to the door as I ascended the steps, the ohild in my arms. "Stranger-Ood bless you!-whore'd you come by that boy ? Tell me quiok !" He seized me and the child together. " Is he yours ?" asked I. "He's my brother Abner's. Abner, oome here," the man called through the house. Then to me-" Stranger, you never see euch a time as we've had here since Abner and his wife come this mornin'. She's nigh about crazy cause they lost the boy on the prairie, an' she goes on like a ore'tur' possessed. There now. There was a rush from an inner room-a cry -a sob-and little Mr. Quimbo was snatched out of my arms. When Mr. Hayes had set his wife and boy on the settle-for she nearly fainted away-he made a charge at me. Everybody else made a charge at the same time. Two or three got hold of my hands at onoe, and they were nearly shakeu off in the excitement and gratitude of these good people. " Hold on-hold on," said I when I gob my breath. " It's all right, friends, but I am a bashful fellow, you see, and this is all quite too much, you understand." In a hearty laugh that followed the tears were wiped away, and the men became com posed. I can assure you I didn't get away from Broad's ranch that afternoon, and I left next day under strict promise to see them again whenever X came tbat way. -St. Ntcholat. 