THE GHOSTS OF THE BOOM. (FROM THE " BULLETIN.) IT is a heart-rending job in these times to be a liquidator in one of the many companies which were financed by Matthew Davies and his " pals." All day long the pitiable procession keeps coming—the old men who invested the savings of a life-time on the strength of a lying balance-sheet and are left beggared and hopeless, and who will presently be homeless as well if the calls are enforced ; the servant girls whose few pounds have been grabbed by the " tentacles " ; the widows who invested their little all in shares, and who come to weep piteously and pray that they may not be sold up and thrown out into the gutter to help to pay the liabilities of the lying institution ; the haggard, joy less spinsters who had a small competence till tbe saints in shiny hats devoured it ; the cripples; the despairing 6emi-maniacs whose wits are fast going after their lost savings ; the red-eyed shareholders who are trying to drown their miseries in drink ; the paralytic old shareholders who are fast dying of Matthew Davies ; the pious shareholders who want to know in their rage and agony if God will really allow such things as these to be, and will not launch a thunderbolt at the board ; and all the rest. They are all people who practised the great Thrift. By reason of their thrift they had a little money to dispose of ; they trusted it to Davies and his friends because of their thrift and their consequent anxiety to find a sale investment where a good, honorable, pious man was at the head of things to serve as a guarantee that all was well ; and now, as the natural result of their thrift, they have lost all their savings ; and their furniture and their clothes will go to pay calls, and they are ruined by thrift past all redemption. They want to see the liquidator, and to tell him of their miseries, and to heap the curses of a thousand broken hearts and desolate homes on the well-oiled heads of St. Matthew and his friends. And when the doors are shut upon them they write pathetic letters, and every morning the postman brings round a fresh load of woe for the liquidator to read. A few out of the scores received at the office of the Colonial Investment and Ageacy Co, have just been published in Melbourne. They are unspeakably dismal reading, and when the recent Board gets through with them it should have good and sufficient cause to go out and hang itself. 