REVIEW? "THE ART OF ACTING." Upon tho art of aetinq, with Hamletvr advieo to tho players— tho bible which ex pounds tho professional crootl of the actor — still existent, there is not much to bo said that is new except iu the way of detail. lent uotail Mr. ferey 1' ltzgorald professes to supply in " Tho Art of Acting," a charm ingly-written but, in tlie national view, lugubrious book which duals not only with acting, but with plays and playmaking, scenic offset, anil all tho phases of stage work. One gathers from it that there arc no longer good actors in Great Britain! Our modern stage system is opposed to the exJii- bition of facial expression ; there is little at tempt at formal elocution; gesture, quito a common form 011 the French boards, is almost unknown to us ; our actors (always excepting Irving) havo neither Tone, Breadth, nor Distinction ; they are over-dis- poscil to copy, anil they havo not sufficient acquaintance with the "aristocracy to be able to prcsont fair types of tlio aristocratic character. As to actresses, Goldsmith's eulogy on Clairon isa better caso in point for Mr. Fitzgerald than any praise of Mrs. Siddons, whoso entrance in " Coriolanus" so strangely moved her audience, of Pritehard, Bracogirdle, Baddeley, WotlingCon, Mrs. Cibber, or Helen Faucit. Those artists and Burbage, Bctterton, Garrick, Kemble, the Kuans and Irving, in point of fact, have lived in vain, because tile English actor to-day is inferior to his French confrere. Nor does Mr. Fitzgerald neglect to notice how the prcsont-day actor has fallen off from tho greatness of his predecessors ; though what modern critics would think of Mimdcn's . heaviness, of Kemblc's tragic supernatural- Ii ess, or of Garrick, upon seeing tlie Ghost of Hamlet's father for the first time saluting it ceremoniously, lie does not tell us. Upon plays Mr. Fitzgerald's views are mucli of tho same oast as upon actors. He blames our playwrights for producing eccentric types, laments the loss of the comedy actor, " and with him the delightful gaiety of tho slugc," and regretfully con trasts tho Robcrtsoniau piny with the great comedies. Every play, lie thinks, inustliave tho literary element 111 it, anil passingly ho appears to think that though Ibsen " wal lows" ill " coarse, gross topics," his influence 'upon the drama will he considerable, pre- serious east to it. What appears to be for gotten by the many gentlemen who langnish in want of the literary and old drama is that . the best of all that class of plays re main with us. Apart from Shakespeare and Moliere wo have C'ongrcve's " Love for Love," Wychcrloy's " Country Wife," Mas- smger's " New Way to Pay Old Debts," Sheridan's " School for Scandal" aiul cleverly plagiarised " Critic," Column's " Heir at Law," Goldsmith's "She Stoops to Conquer" anil a few others all firmly grafted to tho main stock of our literature. Sheer libidi nous uastiuess has killed many other literary plavs from Beaumont and Fletcher to O Koefe. Audiences drawn , from wider circles than the little .London and Dublin coteries, who decided on the " contest of the Roincos between Spranger Harry and Gar rick, have demanded a clean stage and elevated its dignity. Modern British play wrights like Mr. Jones, Mr. 1'incro, Mr. Grundy and Mr. Gilbert have not ill any age been surpassed as play constructors. Their best work will stand the test of time, anil they have never been allowed to use as their stock in trade the intrigues and immoral tales upon which Scribe, Augier, Dumas the younger and other French dramatists have mado ami are making reputations as devisers of intricate plots. Mr. Fitz gerald is an indifferently suecess- iul playwright himself, but that must not be calculated against him, for, like Portia, ho may be able to easier teach twenty what wero good to bo done than bo one of the twenty to follow his own leaching. His book (which is sent to ns by Messrs. Angus mid Robertson), strained us its criticism is, is pleasant reading very cleverly laid out. Another volume of tlie " Rulers 'of India" scries of books (Clarendon Press, Oxford) has just appeared, tlie subject bcingMiidliava Rilo tsuidhia, otherwise known as Madhoji. Mr. F. G. Koene, M.A., tho author, explains that feinifliia was an Indian ruler of excep tional capacity in times of exceptional difficulty. He took part in the stir- ring times 01 illigio-i nitiati wariare, mm though ins name is not so well known as others who were foremost at that period, the story of his doings as hero exceedingly well told, will have a fascination for those es pecially interested in the conquest of India. " Little Qneeiiie," by Emma Marshall, is a story of child-lifn 60 years ago, written iu that pleasant stylo characteristic of all the authoress' books. It will be read by all children with delight. The book comes to as from George Robertson and Co. An "Official Newspaper Directory of 4 Australasia" lias been published by YYimble's Advertising Bureau, and should ; prove of considerable value, not only to newspaper people, but also to advertisers \- nnd tbo public geuerally. The work lias been very carefully compiled and edited. Tlie names of tho Various city, suburban null provincial newspapers are arranged so as to bo easily found, and it can be ascertained at a glance what tho population of each district is, and the class ot people among which the paper circulates. " Prepared lists " are also published allowing which the iirni consider the best paper in each town to advertise in. Eome interesting chapters oil _ " flow to Advertise," " Why to Advertise?" " How to Display ?' anil several other articles on advertising are included, special emphasis toeing laid on the truth that judicious advertising begets success. Wo havo received from Messrs. Angus and Robertson, the publishers, the address delivered from the chair of tho General Assembly of tho Presbyterian Gliuroh of New Sontli Wales by the moderator. Dr. James Smith White, at the opening of the assembly. 