THE MINISTRY OF THE REV C. T. PERKS. On Sunday last the memorials provided by the parishioners and friends BS a record of the 40 years' ministry of their pastor, the; Rev C. T. Perks, were unveiled before an immense congregation, the church being crowded in every part. The day's services commenced with Holy Communion at half-past 7 am.,,, at which there was a good attendance. At li a.m. the usual morning service was conducted, and a sermon preached by the Rev. Canon Vance, D.D., who took his text from Acts sx. 20, and proceeded to speak of the 40 years' work of his friend Mr. Perks, which had not gained that recognition to which It was entitled. Dr. Vance throughout spoke in a kindly spirit of eulogy. At 3 p.m. came the principal event of the day. The Litany was read by the Rev. G. Parker, and then an address was delivered by the Rev. Canon Chalmers, B.D., Bishop-elect of Goulburn. At the conclusion of the mid ress Canon Chalmers proceeded to the window, and, draw- ing aside the curtains, said, " in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, and in commemoration of the fortieth anniversary of the ministry of the Rev. C. T. Perks, I dedicate this window, to the Service of God." In like manner the tablet was uncovered, and the proceedings terminated with the Benediction. The window was fully described in our columns a few days ago. The tablet is a massive plate of solid brass,' the letters raised on a deadened Sunken ground, surrounded by a border in strong relief, the whole resting on a base of black marble. At the evening service the Rev. T. H. Armstrong, M.A., of St. Columb's, delivered an appropriate sermon. On Monday night the memorial services were suitably concluded by the presentation of an illuminated address in book form to the Rev. C. T. Perks in the schoolroom. Dr. Chapman opened the meeting with prayer. Mr. Jones' COVERED, who occupied the chair, detailed the history of the testimonial, and of the steps taken to secure both in window and tablet, and also in the address, the best work that the skilled artists of Melbourne could produce, He said that the committee felt proud of the work accomplished. Miss Henty presented the address, which read as follows: " Dear Mr. Perks,-The fortieth anniversary of the foundation of this parish and of your Incumbency presents a suitable opportunity to your parishioners and friends for testifying their appreciation of the faithfulsorvicoyou have rendered to them during this lone; period, 1 " Very few of us have been permitted to know you during the whole of this time, but the majority have passed many years of their life under your spiritual guidance with great benefit to themselves, and they can look back on their connection with both schools and church with satisfaction and gratitude. Your active interest in building; up the church in this diocese has been manifest to nil and the healthy condition of those branches with which you have been more particularly connected is proof of the wisdom of your management. " We regret that your health has been so seriously affected during the past year ; but we trust that, by carefully husbanding your strength, Me may, by the providence of God, retain your services for many years. The window and the tablet which We have placed in the church will, we hope, be a lasting memorial of the respect we entertain for you and Mrs. Perks, and will prove to future generations that your faithful less and deal in the Master's ServiCe was appreciated by those among whom you laboured." The Venerable the DEAN addressed the meeting at considerable length, enlarging upon the work of Mr, Perks both in the parish and in the diocese. The v venerable gentleman bore willing testimony to the un- grudging labours of Mr. Perks in forwarding the interests of the diocese, notably in the work of the Cathedral. Messrs. Langford, Ewins, Wilmoth. and Bradshaw addressed the meeting, rt- catiitulat ing to a sympathetic audience the various phases of the work carried out by Mr. Perks in the parish of St. Stephen's., Mr PERKS then replied in feeling terms, giving a brief resume of his work in Victoria from his first landing in 1839, detailing his induction to, and reasons for, retaining his charge of the parish. The meeting was enlivened by a selection of music by the choir, and was closed by the singing of the National Anthem and the Doxology. 