LOVE. BETTER1 THAN SACRIFICE: : 02 INTERNATIONAL CONF1TOT., 'y 0O8(AR .PARKS CHAPTER XX, A CAPITULATION, 'Am expeoted to say that Mr. Mowbray's tre seotlose betweenthe departure of Mr. BatdiBtk and the second appearance of Dormeen were of a very hauiillating and painful nature t Then I must disappoint an expectation so little justified by an aciurate understanding of this gentleman's character, He very quickly floundered through the rather noisome bog in which the American had loft him sticking, and speedily reached ground firm enough to bear his weight. He had saved the gilding, and, indeed, had added to it afresh layer, which, if not as thick en one as he had hoped to see, was yet immeasurably better than to have the old gilding stripped entirely away, What it he had failed to overreaoh lir, Bardloke That was a more incident, What it he had failed to marry his daughter to the man of his bchoice He could show that impudent young oub's father that he could get on very well with. out the support of Thos ndon and Bon, What if be was about to eat his own words to Dormaen ? It would be strange it with his mestery of words he could not juggle so effectually as to make that young man see that the earlier interview had been nothing more than a trial of the strength of his purpose and persistence, And at the worst John Wolsey Mowbray, he reflected, must still to ninety. nineone.hundredths of the universe present unim. paired the imposing figure of a terreno god encased in shining metal. Oh, no I While it would have been a eatisfaotosn without alloy to have reached his goal by his own path, jet he had come so perilously near being compelled or turn back altogether, that hit dominant emotion speedily became one of exul. tation that he should have got so far without disaster. The habits of a lifetime are not to be so easily disconcerted. There is more bigotry in self. worship than in any other form of devotion. Pro. serve the substance and the incidents will get themselves harmonised somehow or other, In faot, now that Mr. Mowbray came to think it all over, he began to fancy that he had really hoodwinked Mr. Bordick very cleverly, Indeed, too, he had qnite made up his mind to have nothing more to do with the Thorndone, father and eon both, which would be quite suffoioiently galling to them I and now that he was assured by a disinterested person that Dormeon was possesseod of both good birth and money, he should have probably himself rselcoted thatyounggentlemanan a suitabloe husband for his daughter, if for no other reason because it would be wormwood to the Thorndons, Thuas easy and simple it is for one, who worships with his whole soul, to not alone augment suoh virtues as his idol has, but to impose upon it other virtuce which It has not, . I am informed that you wish to see me, Ir. 'Mowbray," said Dormaen, as he entered that gentleman's sitting. room a seound time this evening. "Ah, yes, Mr. Dormson f Will you kindly be seated, After you had left me some time ago began to fear I had been somewhat abrupt, YOt 1 will confess yourself, my dear air, that the sudden. ness of your communication and its nature word -considering my ignorance of your claims upoqi my attention--auch as could not fail to receivd' from a father, whose first thought is for his daughter's happiness, if not a distinct refusal, yet such a modified tone of non.encouragement as would negative any presumption of acquiescence on my part without absolutely destroying hopse on yours, until I could make certain inquirica as, matter of commendable precaution," . Ohristopher Dormsen's knowledge of the Eng. aish tongue had very greatly improved in theL pas winter, but he had yet to learn what could be done with it when the effort was fairly made, However, though he could not himself have framed these sentences, yet he caught their purport very clearly; "'Am I to understand, Mr. Mowbray, that you did not intend, a short time ago, to distinctly and finally refuse me your consent I' Mr, Mowbray opened his eyes very widely, How surprised he was that any such interpretation could be put on his earlier words, "Oh, by no means, Mr, Dormson I" And then be thought it well to be facetious, and he smiled in quite a confidential and engaging way. "Ah, mcy dear young friend, when I was at your ago such an interpretation would have been the very last that my warm desires would have suffered me to put upon language dictated solely by a father's worldly prudence and that affection which shrinks from parting with a belovedobject. Ab," he con. tinuedlooking into the fire with a meditative gazo, " I am an old'fashioned gentleman, Mr. Dormseon, as you see, I cannot entertain the subject of the disposal of my daughter's hand without a pang." There were reasons why Dormeon did not care to slake any audible reply to these--proofs, shall we call them r of a parent's singleness of affection, tsnt he could with great truth'assure Mr. Mow. brny that the rejection of his suit-for so he had understood it--had only postponed his purposeo not overwhelmedit. "I ensuppoced your laugange ad. Initted of but one construction, Mr. Mowbray, but I I can assure you it did not dishearten me." "I amdelighted to hear that assurance of tl'o strength of your attachment, Mr. Dormeon. The ardour of the young is always an attraotive ,nhjeot of contemplation to those whoso hearts age hfaus robbed of impetuous fire, though giving in esohange perhaps a more generous depth of emotion. No; something in your manner when you left my room prompted me to ask myself whether I had not possibly impressed an element Sof finality upon my words, which it was far from my purpose to imply, You have affected me very agreeably, Mr, Dormsen, in the few times we have met, but I could not do otherwise than at least affect indifference to your proposale, until I Scould learn that my daughter, Clara, should regard the matter with at least not diefevour, and that in Samore worldly point of view the consummation of sueach an engagement would be likely in all respects to saecore her future happiness; and her .hbppiness, Mr. Dormren, I do not need to remind .you, is all I have to live for," . !'Then am I to gather from what youa say now * tl ne, Mr. Mowbray, that sines I left this room jou bayve satisftled yourself upon these two points 1" 5 A.-well-not-I should say-well ye?, vir. .tally, Mr, Doresen, virtually, I should not * "You maost forgive my interrupting you, Mr. .,:Iowlbray, to say that what I have requested of . you isyour permission to ask fMisa Mowbray to i's s?y.m wile. I do not wish anyone to pleadmy :cause with her or to bring any influenon?e to bear upon her," There was a very conooious distrust of the elder gentleman in hisl mind, which prompted this suggestion, And the limitation which it put to his own action brought a throb of dise _.re5a to Mr. Mowbray. Suppose, Clara, loeft to hmself, should deooline this offer, where would ohe be? lHowaver, there was nothieg left now bllt to aocept the situation as it was offered to him, and he bowed with some degree of off?endod majesty as he went on, " I was about to say, Swhen you interrupted me and, as yeou will saoi, without cause, Mr. Dormaao, that I should not Shave itoalled you but for the, fear which pressed upon me that you might have interpreted my words too harshly, and might he suffering froin diuappointment. Unhappily for one in this rather selfsh age," he continued in a tone of Spointed and melancholy rebuke, " I am so send' tively conatituted that any suffering or pain which I can relieve compels my inutent care and attention. At the risk, therefore, of being thought "1y ys1even whimsical and of changeful purpaoses, I could not rest without sending for you to-night, nndinformling you that there is no longer any objeotionon myparttoyour addressingmydaughter. The rest, of coutarse, must lie with her." How could Dormen do othorwfae than expreass in grateful thanks something of the joyous reliot he felt, or when he went to his room o otherswtlse5 than lie awake balf the night oontemplating the minorrowf Tho laautd jid not justify the father'. agitation in vlew of i still posiblo dlcastor, and he probably never on o quite so near loving his bdougter as when she caome to him on the follow. lng day with happy face and heart of gladness, and he knew that all was well, Ieo hadaglow of S atisfaction in well.doing, the liko of whioh had beenlong an unknown souansationu. Aso Mr. Blar dick had predicted he " felt grol." And he continued to " Ifcl igood." IIe contlnues to "feel good" to this day. It is not In his nature, Ldece, to feel otherwise while life lasts, while he aeslp whath ho hts saud his Imngizntiol? remains of aufeetiol, treegtis to crown his temule with vor' ei ppqera. Jows it will hc: in the next world Into whiloh John Wooleoy Bluwbray's coal will go the worshippers it does not bocomo tio simplo ochronicler to hazard a coinjctlireo We may be mium, however, that by a wull-guarded provision of his will and testament, the monumnont to bh hero. ifter ereoted to his earthly remains will contain n inseription which,will comfort his disoiples to the'last generation, and forever preeent to their ripe imaginations a picture of their idol flouting on golden oloads, and always " fooling good." Strict truth, however, compels me to state that 1he felt best when, on the first of the following month, he realised that a very handsome sum had been paid into Thorndon and Son, bankers, on his" account, that his maturing bills had been promptly met, and that he was considerably richer than he ever had been before. Ito also "felt good," very good, when he transferred his balance to another house, He felt good " when he gave his daughter a very handsome wedding, and when he read the accounts of it afterwards in the morn. ing papers, These are the things which go to make up the charm of life, over which one can think long and delioiously, which are delightfulin anticipation, delightful in the moment of aotion, and delightful in retrospect-to some people, As for Percy Thorudon, he received, as La "drifted along back towards Paris," a letter from Mr. Bureiok, which hnld not only a very great enrpriso for him, but offered no temptation to drift back to Rome again, A note from AMis Mowbray had already reached him, not those few impulsive lines, written under the first stress of her indigna. tion, but a more reasonable, prudent, and more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding, But Olara Mowbray was as frank as he had begged her to be, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep on towards England, Then came this communioation from Mr Bur dick, which I give nearly verbatim, making no apology for its length, and only wishing I could also reproduce the ohirography. " My dear Thorndon," it began, " I hope you are not atill looking for Marconti, because yon are not likely to find him. He has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even those ridiculous Roman aqueducts would be popular. I want to finish with him first and have done with him for good and all so I will tell you how it happened. He went back to Capri. His friends will say that he repented of what he had done and went back to resonu Dormson. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between you and me there iano need to discuss his motives. Well than, he went baok. Iao prowled up to the Tim. berio. It was night and moonlight. IIe got as far as that little gate, you remember that I broke open-and standing there alone with his own eonl he heard a stop, turned round and saw Christopher Dormaen just behind him. It was enough to frighten him, wasn't it? Well it did, Itfrighfened him so that he fell against that little gate, which-lot me remind you once again-I'had happily left rather weak, and down he wont about a tholsand feet. So the devil got him at his own price. That doetn't sound nice and polite, does it? Never mind I Sometimes I don't want to be nice and polite. But about Christopher Dormsen's gholt, Ah, my dear Thorndon, I think I hear yon mutter, 'What do I care for the crazy fanoies of that wretch ?' But it wasn't Christopher Dormaon's ghoat, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen hinmelf, Now your disguot turns to mo and you cay, 'This man has had Dormeen on the brain for the past two months, and is the real madman after all,' Well, all I can say is, if I am wrong about it, Clara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London, and you will have r, chaeoo to entisfy yourself by the evidence of your own scnewa, and I will do you the justice to eAy, that I know no man loau likely to be dcoeived, when horeally sees a thing, than Poroy Thorndon. "Nol the man you and I found looked astonish. ingly like Christopher Dormsan-wao Chrieto. pher Dornseen'a twin brother but was not Christopher Doramen, IIo deceived Marconti un fortunately, but that was not so very remarkable because Maroonti had not seen the other often. He deceived us, probably becauao we only saw him in that dying oondition and were predlaposed to bollovo it wan thlo man' wo know, t0o19gl I nm nou at all prepared to say that wooould have told them apart, if we had seen thni both alive and well. Just as singular mietakes as that have happened before. "Really the most remarkable thing about it all is, that we none of us knew that Dormeon had a brother. It was just one of those strange chances that do ooour (and yet are so strange that we call them miraculous), that thoee had been no ocoosion for Dormeon to menltmn that fact. When I spoke to him of this, Ih thought that of course he had mentioned his brother, bnt in troth he had Iotto any one of u. They had been in Rome together, and then separated to meet again later, but I will toll you all the dotails when I see you in London, I am not good at writing letters, and this is a longer one than I ever remember writing in my life before, " There is one thing more, though, that I ought to say more about, Miss Mowbray and Dormeso are, as is veryright and proper, engaged to be mar* ried, and are as happy a pair of simple lovers as you would care to seo, I know you will be as. glad of it as I am, especially sinoo (I mention this because you caro so much for these things over here) he is tip-top socially, and has money, enough to give her a now gown every day in the year it she wauts it, so the old gentleman can squander his wealth in silver mines, or the Now York Stock Exchange, if he ohoosed to, without hurting her in the least, "Dormson is writing you himself to thank you for wlhat you did for his brother, but he is not likely, under the oiroumtauncea, to mention this other matter, so I have. He is a rather sensitive fellow, by the way-a-nd-well-soa here I-it will do him a lot of good if you will say, when you answer his letter, that you have heard of his engagement, and you very heartily and sincerely congratulate him. I know you'll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again ; but then again, you see, I know you wouldn't be likely to do it if I didn't mention it, because it naturally wouldn't coooar to you, And then I know your heart isn't breaking," As a matter of fact Percy Thorndon became en, gaged the next season to a lady who had been heard to declare-to an intimate lady friend of coarse-that the only married life which eoomed to her to be in any way tolerable, would be ons where the husband and wife should require a frosa introduotion to each other every morning. We may assume, therefore, I think, that fate or impudent intermeddling--had for once resulted in making four young hearts happy, instead of leaving two to misery. ' J s00.0 n1ln1, you lavo been eonlllig to y hlous nllno.t every night during tlihe whole winter, and now all ait once vonu become cool, iand hardly speak to my daughter. What does all this lnesiP? 'xiplain your-r. ECli I" Tbo young sl? 5reelitntrd, n iiUnalty eral in it seared sort of way: " I-I camioe to your hiouse during the winter, because---" " YoIlur inllln, if .vou love my daughter, coeno out and any so,' " I cillo brecnause -becusoe I lihad no stove in mly room, and I wanted to get warns." " Yor can just go to--to where it is hot without, a stove," anid the younsrg rint picked hinn self up ,rut on the aidewalk, Trill F?.AIOno IN JoiEES.--The plumber jokli is gt ting a little out of seaon, nbut itr may be paclikd in camplhor nud will be in style wlhen tClie freeres conro again, Tise roller slate joko is very Ipunllar and is worn on all occasions, either with or without trim ming, The rich editor johlo does not ippcar to pall upon tihe taste. It is quitoe becominorig when worn witL pascenreuterio edging. Spring poetry jokeo are undergoing a revival nud uro quite tlihe au fait in rtecerche circles. Willh a wast baskliet overskirt mary be worn either nrorning or evening in tie houseo, Tie young-masrrn-anid-girl's-pa joke Isolds its own, and is really one of tihe nimot popular and fashionable accn in polite society. The nmuo joke is relegated to tihe comsrnonecr elasses, and nmay really be called "old faslhioned." It. is still in favour in the rural districts, and secns deatincd to continue so for sevoral years. The very- angry-wife-at-thirce-o'clock. in-tlhe morning joke is not in such favour no fornmerly, but still imany islist upon making it part of tlheirdaitly wear. Tihe liver pad joke lias almost die appeared. Occasionally, however, it may be seen tied in witll a knot of ribbon quite prettily. Tho lhonaest politician jokeo is too deeolelt, to be popular. If cut high in the noeck it might reign for a brief seasonr . Tiho sleeping policeman jokel hrad mnany friends annd badu fiir to becoie couirtly in its stylo, but it laceiCd lone rnd fell into line witl ordinary styles. Purns nar popular with all classes. Tlrey nmay be worn as ban les, and in an inflnits vnrctly of ways. The boarding-house pio, hash or giiru shoo steak joke enjoysa periodicail renaisearice and somsin to retin itl original lustro. Whlen madoe up properly it is still a favoiurito. The yorurg-llhusbannd-panregorre jolk may be worn on evening orcIsions, anud is not altogether outs of style. The fashiorns in other lines. crtrntiuro about the same as per hIslt lrclrt. Of couire,with new demands coilo noew Iupplies, anid thouigh there is nothing entirely new, the old thiung aro so artistically worked over that they pass quito readily for original design,* Mglutchant aGur' esr. 