CHAPTER XIV.- TUB WOLP-BBBTHREN. Now, my father, on tho morrow night, once again Umslopogaas and Galnzi the Wolf sat by the fire in the mouth of their cave, as we sit to-night, my father, and Qalazi took up his tale. i; . 'I passed on till I came to the river ; it WBB still full, but the water had run down a little, so that my feet- found foothold. I waded into the rivery using; the Watcher as a staff, and the stream reached to my elbows, but no higher.; Nowy one on the farther band of theiriver saw that which sat upon my shoulders/ and saw also tho wolf's skin on my head, and ran to the'kraal crying, ' Here' comes one who walks the waters on the back of a wolf.' So it came about that as I drew towards the kraal all the people of tho kraal were' gathered together to meet me, except the old woman, who could not ; walk BO far." -But when they saw me coming up the slope of the hillj and when they saw what it was'tbat sat upon my shoulders, they were smittod with fear. Tot they did not run, because of their great wonder, only ; they , walked backward before me, clinging each'to each and speaking no word. And I too came on silently, till at length I reached the: kraal,1 arid- before its gates sat the old woman basking in the sun of the afternoon. 'Presently she looked up and cried, ' What ails you, people of my house, that you' walk backwards like men bewitched, and who is that tall and deathly man who comes toward you ?' .'?' / ' But still they drew on backwards, saying rio word, the little ehildreu clinging to the ,women, the women clinging to the men, till [they had passed the old wife and ranged' [themselves behind her like" a regiment of 'soldiers.' .Then they halted against the fence of the kraal. But I came on the old woman, and lifted him 'who sat upon my éhoulders, 'and placed' him on the ground .before her,, saying, ' Woman, here is your son ; I have snatched him with much toil from the jaws of the ghosts-hud they are many up yonder ;--all save ono foot,' which,I could not find. Take him now and bury him, for 1 weary of of his fellowship.' ? ' She looked upon that which sat before .her. She put out her withered hand, and 'drew ,-the bandage from ; his sunken eyes. Then she screamed , aloud a shrill : scream, 'and, flinging her arms about the neck of that ¡dead.one, Bbe cried:, 'It is, my son whom I [bore-my îvery, son, .¡whom for, twice ten years and half a ten I have.not looked upon. ¡Greeting, my ,;son, -greeting! :,-Now shált [thou find burial, and t with thee-ay, I with [thee !' And once more she cried aloud, and [stood upon her feet with arms: outstretched. ¡Then of a sudden a foámíhurst from her lips, and she'fell-forward-upontho body of ,her son, and was dead. "^ 'iJ! I! '. ;i ! ' . ; : iib Im oantinuril in Satimlay'* ismc. 