THE WOTO^SHOOK Z UEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American rocently, Now, a million dollars (£200,000) Is a deal of money, bub ho was not able to buy the article even at that price, Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No, 3, Poplar Row, Barley Abbey, near Derby, ia not bo rich as many, being a gardener, but he was ready enough tc give all ho had for one thing he hadn't gotr -Hore is ie .atory, aud _he shall tell it in his own way. Mr. GaBkin goes on to say : u Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickno3a. In Decem ber, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Not* tingham, my appetite foil away, 1 had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which'wo'uld fill with water And slime,* the latter so.'thiok and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to 4 fili up*, and /my throat would swell so I oouldn'fc.-bnttpn my shirt at the neok. . I.vo mited% great deal,, chiefly a yellowish-green, phlegm. I had a racking cough, and the blood rushed out of my ears: I became ex*, hausted and short of., breath and had to call the doctor, and 'was in bed fivo or,six weeks. M I then wont as.out-patient to the" Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six monthB was very • little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For 18 months X kept getting bettor, then worse, and id last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recom ii end&tibnto; tho Derbyshire Infirmary T)erby. i I found;" however, that all the beds in the j hospital were full^.aRd I. saw; my.club doctor | and also two doctors at Derby. Tho first one i said, * You aro a galloping consumption, and must die ; the other doctors, after sounding my ; lungs and:ehes rs&Id;:nothing, but shook their heads. " Getting a ifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in liis gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few davs. ~ Things went on like this until December 1888, when I caught cold, goo very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and..spitting up..phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at a once, and w$s afraid uo go to sleep for fear the phlegm would choke rhe At this time th6* whitesiof my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry, and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy eweat. My tongue was like apiece^of. brown; loather, and I could keep nothing' down.! I lost over astonu in three weeks, " I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, But was ao weak I had to take hold of . the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often eat for hours locking at my hands-!—nothing but skin and bone, and wis so mrvoiis I couldn't bear the least noise, and tho children at play .quite upset mo. " J. he doctor kept on attending mo, but ho s-fcid, I can do you no good ; I can only patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried evcryfchingl could' hearof. One thing was a cougiilcure from London that cost 22s a bottle, ttufc nothing did.ony pood, and my friends who came to ace me said, * Well you won't cou^h much (longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " ^boufc the middle of March, 1889, a neigh hour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the, paperjmills afc Darley Abbey, said to mo, 'Torn, did you over try Mother Seigel's Syrup.?' and told mo how ho had been cured alter being in the hospital. Ho spoke so much in pra:so of. this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Scores in Victoria-street After "the firoto tloao an #»"ftnnntinn-' blank us ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the mcdigino for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked me what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel'a Syrup had saved my life, yl commenced work at once, and have nover lost a day's work since. •♦'Of* course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel'a Syrup for six months I was as strong as over in my life and have continued so ever since " In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkablo statement, Mr Gaskin requests uh to refer all doubters in him or to Mr Keefcley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is ac quainted with all the faets alleged; Mr Gaskin has lived at Darloy Abbey 27 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? 44 tfot gallopinir consumption, cer tainly (as one of the doctors thought), or ho would have galloped into his grave in less than three months" instead ~of growing worse for aeveh'years. His omnpluiat w is chronic inflam matory dyspepsia (or chro'ii'5 gastric catarrh), which lias lung symptoms like consumption, for Which itis so often ignoruntly mistaken and wrongly treated. Whon the right remedy, Mother Seigel'a Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yiold to that magnificent preparation. We heartily '■ congratulate ^Jr Gaskin on his re covery, and commend tne facts of Jus case to all thinking peop'e. 'J'oflACCO,—Dixson and Sons, the largest fac tory. largest onaumers of American leaf, largest producers of Tobacco in the Southern Hemis phero. Customs returns, American leaf, Dix* j on and Sons consumed in 18S8 52,5921b more, and in 1889 over 44 tons (or 98,9391b) moio American Loaf than all tho rest of Now South \ValSii^put together. Dixsons' Tobacco having I he largest sale of any in the world are Con-, (juor'&t;"Yankee Poodle, Sir Roger. Cut—Dix sons' Long Cut and Rough Cuf Ruby, Oriental Mixturo, etc, 4oz boxes tins. The Gentlemen's 41b box,of Cut, a Tobacco not generally .known here, superb in character, excellently choice* Champion Aromatic* Cheaper (trades-—Chal. lenge, Centennial, Cloth of Gold. Dixsons* No 1 Cigarettes are fast securing this markit. They aro machine made—10,000 per hour—far ^utrivalling all other patents in tho world—-'are' {Q&rantccd; by I). and S. as .finest American july< Full size, and equalling tho ohoicest of importod goods. Sold in all shoj-s al just half ;.ie price of imported. Elegants ido hose* and packets of 40, 20 and 10 Cigarettes Ono ia always socurns to ub a constant) customer 