CURRENT TOPICS. MESSRS E. Whitfeld and T. W. W. Mends, J.'P., occupied the bench at the City Police Court yesterday morning. Henry Johnston, on remand from the 5th inst., pleaded not guilty to a charge of stealing a bladder of lard and portion of a cooked ham, the property of Frank Simpson. Evidence war given by Constable J. C. Farrell to the effect that he saw defendant and another man come out of Mr Simpson's gate at a quarter to 5 on the morning of the 27th ult.; when they saw him they ran away, and he gave chase; they each carried a small bundle which they dropped ; he did not succeed in catching them, but arrested defendant on the following day ; the bundles contained the stolen property, which, it afterwards transpired, had been taken from Mr Simpson's safe. A sentence of two months' imprisonment was passed. MR A. H. HANNAFORD, professional clerk to the Enginecr-in-Chief, has been suffering from a prolonged illness in Hobart, but it has now taken a turn for the better. Some men adopt peculiar methods of exhibiting affection for their spouses. There was an old English proverb, which was more honoured in the breach than the observance, that "a woman, a dog, and a sour apple tree, the more they are beaten the better they be," but this was in the rough days, when cock-fighting and bear baiting were among the favourite Sunday pastimes, and long before the Married Women's Protection Acts and the Woman's Rights League were thought of. We learn from the Mercury that a man who evidently believes in a revival of the an- cient rude customs had a little difference of opinion with his wife in the Union Hotel, Campbell-street, probably about a remon- strance against his drunkenness and ex- travagance, and that the brute emphasized his argument by throwing a quart pot, empty, of course, at the head of the woman. Being in all probability drunk, he missed his aim, and the missile struck the head of a lad named Menitz, who was outside the hotel, inflicting a severe cut. The para- graph from which the above little incident is culled says that the man was ejected from the hotel, but we are not told what became of the woman. A VOCALIST of some reputation will make her first appearance before a Hobart audience on Friday evening next in the person of Mrs Logan, who has won golden opinions in the metropolis and provinces of England. One of her great successes was at the Sheledonian Theatre, Oxford, where Mrs Logan took part in "The Creation" with Henschel, Mass (the famous tenor), Silian Bailey, and other artists of note. At Rugby she appeared in conjunction with Agnes Zimmerman, the famous pianiste. At Lincoln with the popular cathedral singer Dunkerton. IT has been definitely decided that Mr Munro will resign the office of Premier of Victoria and accept the position of Agent General in London, but as the policy of the Ministry, which is to be re- constructed under the lead of Mr Shiels will include the principle of one man one vote, Sir Frederick Sargood and Mr J. H. Davies will probably retire. THE January sittings of the Court of Requests in its 4.50 jurisdiction were com- menced at the Court House, Patterson- street yesterday, before his Honor Com- missioner Waterhouse and juries of three. Two cases were adjournod until the February court, and one was mutually arranged to be decided by the Com- missioner in Chambers. The action of Bear v. Docksey, claim for damages for breech of agreement, was concluded, a verdict being awarded to the plaintiff for the nominal sum of 1s. The court then adjourned until to-day, out of respect for the late Mr T. B. Prosser, who was an officer of the Supreme Court. The follow- ing cases remain on the cause list:—H. J. Fraser v. commissioners of Tasmanian Exhibition, breach of agreement, .12 10s ; I Messrs Martin and IIobkirk for plaintiff, Mesesrr Douglas and Collins for defendants. W3 illiam M'Cafferty v. Mrs E. Patterson, breacli of agreement, £14; Messrs Clarke and Croft for plaintiff, Messrs Douglas and Collins foir delendant. We are compelled to hold over our full report. A LARGE and representative meeting of journalists was held at the Cathedral Hotel, Melbourne, on Saturday evening for o the purpose of considering the question of forming an association on the lines of the British Institution of Journalists. Apologies for unavoidable absence were received from Mr Deakin, M.L.A.. Mr Purves, Mr Winter, Mr Roberts (editor of it the Slandard), Mr Wheeler (leader of the Hansardn staff), and others. Mr Dow, M.L.A., was voted to the chair, and after se Mr M'Donald and Mr Topping had explained the objects of the gathering, it was resolved--"That in the opinion of this r- meeting it is desirable that an institute journalists, on lines agreeing with the Chartered Institute of Journalists of Great Britain, be formed for the Australian colonies, and that the Australian Institute of Journalists be now established," Mr W. V. Robinson (Clerk of the Legislative Assembly) being the mover, and Mr Morgan (assistant sub-editor of the Age) the seconder of the motion. A committee was appointed to prepare regulations for the new corporation, the gentlemen entrusted with this duty being Messrs Dow, Robin- son, Middleton, Stephens, Melvin, Schuler, Cunningham, Blackham, Whittaker. Fricker, Ellis, H. R. Jones, Macdonald, Lambie, Edgar, Oakley, Mitchell, Knowles, Pritchard, Short, and Salter. FROM Messrs Walch Bros. and Birchall, of Brisbane-street, Launceston, we have received "Real Ghost Stories," being the Christmas number of the Review of Reviews. Some months ago Mr W. T. Stead, the editor, who has always a keen eye for any thing of a novel or sensational character, invited contributors everywhere through out the world to forward authentic ac- counts of ghost stories and supernatural apparitions and occurrences, and this has been liberally responded to, the present number being occupied with a series of blood-curdling stories of wraiths and spooks, which would satisfy the most insatiable of spiritualists. A mere enu- meration of the titles of the different chapters will indicate the nature of the material which has been digested and ar- ranged by Mr Stead. Chief among these are "Ghosts of the living in business," "Apparitions at or about death," " Ghosts of the dead," "Evil Spirits," and "Tangible Ghosts." The number is illus- trated with numerous portraits and sketches, and the reader who cares to peruse the stories may revel in the mysterious and sup full of horrors. Indeed, so sensational are some of the incidents that, at the suggestion of Catholics, theoso- phists, and spiritualists, Mr Stead prefaces the chapters with a caution against putting the number into the hands of children of tender years, people of morbid excitability, or excessively nervous temperament. He says the latest students of the subject con- cur in the solemn warning addressed in the sacred writings to those who have dealings with familiar spirits, or who expose them- selves to the horrible consequences of possession, and that as the latent possi- bilities of our complex personality are so imperfectly understood all experimenting in hypnotism, spiritualism, etc., excepting in the most careful and reverend spirit, by the most level-headed persons, had much better be avoided. FOLLOWING is a record of the number of inmates of the charitable institutions of Hobart and Launceston on the last day of December :—Hobart—New Town Charit- able Institution, 504; Hospital for Con- tagious Diseases, 1 ; General Hospital, 57 ; Gaol for Males, 124; Gaol for Females, 12; insane in Gaol, 31. Launceston Invalid Depot, 196; General Hospital, 72 ; Gaol, 29; Hospital for Contagious Diseases, 9\. Total, 1035. The deaths during the month in all these institutions numbered 41\. AT the St. Mary's police court on Janu- ary 8 (reports our correspondent) a young man was fined 10s and 8s costs for using obscene language.—The contractors have at last made a start with the Scamander bridge.—A concert was held in the Wesley Hall on New Year's night, in aid of the building fund of the R.C. Church, a sum of about 160 being realised.—A family named Mott had a narrow escape of being poisoned through eating tinned salmon. Prompt remedies, however, prevented what might have been a fatal case.—Hay-making has commenced, the crops in most cases being very good.—Influenza still prevalent. FROM the Government statistician's report of the vital statistics of the registration districts of Hobart and Laun- ceston for December, 1891, we gather that there were 146 births—84 males and 62 females. This shows an increase of 21 births as compared with the corresponding month last year, and an increase of 18.20 as compared with the average of the births registered in December during the last five- yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the pro- portions of births registered were—For Hobart, 2 37; for Launceston, 2'88; all, 2.57. The deaths registered in December, in Hobart and Launceston,snumbered 112 —67 males and 45 females. 41 deaths, or la6'1 per cent. of the'whole, took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during December, 1891, is more than that for the corresponding month last year by 11, and shows an increase of 10 as compared with the average number of deaths registered in December during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportions of deaths registered were as follows :— for Hobart,.1-70; Launeceston, 23; all, 197. The deaths under five years of age num bered 30, or 2670 per cent., of which 26 hs were under 1 year of age; the deaths between 5 and Gi years of ago.numbered the 50, or 4 61 per cent.; and the'deaths 65 years and upwards numbered 31, or 27-68 per cent;i and the deaths unspecified numbered 1, or -80 per cent. The statistical'record of the births and deaths in all the country districts during the month gives the following totals :—Births, 267; deaths, 104. (e CAr'Tnr and Mrs Winhier, who have been bho stationo I'in charge of the local Salvation Army corps for some months past, and who during that time have become very popular with their comrades, have been removed to the command of the Hobart corps. Although Captain Winter and Mirs Winter have only recently removed to their now sphere of labour, they have already met with many friends, and so far, we under- stand. they have been successful in gaining the esteem of all with whom they have come in contact. The Launceston corps is now commanded by Captain H. Wood, a trecent arrival from England, who has come to take charge of his first colonial station. During the past six or seven weeks Major Comp'ia and Ensign Bramie have been touring the colony on a visit of inspection to the Army stations, and they have held special meetings at each place. Miss Brmn, sister to the Ensign, a clever pianist, who travelled with the officers, has been thie means of making the meetings most successful, and her expressive per- formances on the piano have in many p'aces icreated mchb enthusiasm. The townships Avisited have been Beaconsfield, George Town, Lefroy, Scottsdale, Lilydale, iBrothers' Home, Campbell Town, Zeehan, rOatlands, RMss, and Green Ponds. Hobart was also called at, aud on February 0 Major Complin and Ensign Brame will start again and visit those stations which they had not time to touch at reeuntly. SPURIOUS coins are being freely circu- lated in Melbourne, many tradesmen in the suburbs having been victimised. In one case a bank paid them out in change. It is believed that an organised gang of coiners exists. WE have long since given up the idea of pleasing everybody, and when " the Customs officer at the turnstiles " asks for a contradiction of our " ifhibition Notes " we freely grant it. Our representative B stated " the person managed to take out the bottle I challenged on Saturday evening," whereas the Customs officer " took possession of and retained the bottle for delivery and report to the proper quarter." 'The Customs officer is quite correct, but omits the comic side of the story. An empty bottle of Australian wine was filled with water, corked and capsuled, and was naturally challenged and seized by the Customs oflicer on duty. The bearer denied it was wine, demanded the 5 service of the Government analyst, de- clined to return to the offi:e for a permit, refused to give his name and address, and finally ma ched off with his comrades, greeting with derisive laughter the com- mand " oficer, stop that man," which fell harmless because there was no constable on duty outside the turnstile. A second Cus- toms officer came up, a hurried rush was made for the gate, an omnibus standing on Tamar- street was inspected, but " the bird had flown." Having now done ample justice to " the Customs officer at the turn- stile," we may express a hope that the next "hoodlum " who tries on this kind of a practical joke will meet with his deserts. The Customs officers have an important and a delicate duty to perform, and in its performance they must be supported by public opinion. A YOUNG man named Jones had a nar- row escape while riding at Penguin. He saw a tree falling and quickly turning his horse was about riding back but the horse was struck by a limb of the tree just behind the saddle, breaking the animal's back. On Evandale correspondent reports that great sympathy is expressed through- out the district for the respected Warden (Mr Alfred Youl), one of wshose sons was accidentally drowned recently while bath- ing in the South Esk river.-The usual monthly meeting of the Evandale Mluni cipal Council was held on Monday last, when a vote of sympathy was passed to the Warden, who feelingly thanked his fellow councillors. A memorial was received from a number of residents of Lymington asking for permission to graze their cows on the roads, but the Council decided they could not give permis- sion, though if some person were in charge of the animals no police action was likely to be taken. The salaries were fixed at the same as last year, and the Warden was re- elected treasurer. The * treasurer reported a balance of £52 in hand, and a rate of 7d in the pound for the current year was declared. The Council then sat as a Local Board of Health. It was decided to cover the open drain on the main road down Sam Hall's hill, and the board had no objection to Mr Hogarth erecting a bone mill at Breadalbane if the necessary preliminaries were complied with.—The Church of England anniver- sary services were fairly successful.—Ellis Newton has visited Evandale, and promised to come again, but his movements are more suited to your advertising columns. " LONGFORD NOTES" writes on Tues- day :--I understand that after frequent solicitations, and in consequence of the unwillingness of anyone else to accept the ofiece of minister's warden at Christ Church here, Mr A. Whitfeld (who resigned last month, and declined re-appointment at the annual meeting, held on the f;h inst.), has again consented to act. This will, doubt less, be welcome intelligence to- the numerous parishioners, Mr Whitteld's long experience, proxinity to the church, and thorough knowledge of its finances, past and present (apart from other qualifica tions), fittiug him admirably for the office named.-I observe by to-day's Examiner that "Our own" at Westbury issues a chicken challenge, which I must pass on to William-street, Launceston, where they appear to know far more than I do about such birds. The samples of oats, " measur- ing 7ft 4 in in length," allow me to sug- gest, should be transferred immediately from the blacksmithing establishment mentioned to the Tasmanian Exhibition, where they are bound to be greatly admired by all the intercolonial agricul- ists. Well done, Westbury, oats 7ft 4in long. Will they be sold, think you, by the bushel, or by the yard ? THE hon. J. Balfour, M.L.C., has re- turned to Melbourne after an absence of about 10 months in Great Britain. His opinions have been obtained regarding the present financial position in England as far as it affects the Australasian colonies. He attributes the timidity of English capitalists in respect to Australian loans to the fact that they have lost heavily by their investments in the stock of South American republics. Their unfortunate experience in this connection has made them chary of taking up any kind of out side investments. In the meantime, how ever, money is accumulating in London, and when confidence is restored, Austra lian securities will again be in good de. mend. THE current Coatemsporary Review con tains Sir Edward Braddon's defence of the Antipodeans from the attacks which Mr Christie Murray has made upon their man ners and customs. The Agent.General for Tasmania has no difficulty in showing (says the London correspondent of the Argus) that the strictures of the novelist the are undeserved, but while exposing the ignorance of the writer and administering a severe but well-deserved castigation, Sir Edward Braddon keeps his indignation well within bounds, and does not become personally offensive in his criticisms. It is, however, impossible to read his serious refutation of exaggerations very similar to those in which most globe-trotters indulge, without being reminded of the remark anent the employment of Nasmyth's ham mer to crush an egg-shell. WArLn's Literary I tellignccr for the month of January contains a notice of the Australasian Association for the Advance ment of Science, Mr Goschen's Rectorial Address, and a list of the leading works lately published. .7J MR JAs. EDWARnns, of Circular Head, has just imported from Captain Clarke, of Melbourne, a St. Bernard puppy. She is 3s months old, and a good orange colour, with white chest, and a good black muzzle. She is to be called Juno, and is by the im the ported dog Baron of Greystoke, from Baroness Plevna, so that by this pedigree she should be able to hold her own in very good company, and will be a welcome addi- tion to the St. Bernard breed in Tas- mania. \------------- A Coun of Special Geaneral Bossions will be held at Langford on February 1i to hear objoo. tions to the aosssment roll. THE S.S. Star leaves for NW. Coast ports on Friday. THE second quarterly meetling o the Ema Bay Licenasin Boenah will bo held on February 1\. COURTS of R Ivlision will be held at Campbell Town on February 1, and L'osaeston on the 25th instant. ENTRIEs for the Stewort and Fletcher trophles in connection with tho Tamar Yacht Club cloae on Friday. INFLrENzL.-This is one of the most don ter go ous disease, espeilallyfatal to old porsons or those suffering from any affootion of the et hort, lungs, or kidneys. It first made its appearance in tle cold latitudes of Russia; the er. microbee have spread over the world, but thy ing are minute beyond human understsding, and ase are destroyed by thebo ue of Quibell's Diin is feotant, which baa been used in Europe and Melbourne with wonderful success, and no death has oecurred where it has been used; it gives immedtate relief, highly recommended by medical men. OCiroular relntive to the proven tion and oure of influenz free. HarTTON AND LAWS, Agents, Launcestan. CERTAINrY the best medicine snown Is oSanders and Son's Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful ffectis in conghs, colds, in flenza-the rollief is Ianstantaneose. In serious cases and anocldents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, soaldings, bruises, sprains, it Is er- tboe safest remedy--no swelling, no Inflamma es tlon. Like surprisnlog offects produced in croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, nflammation of the lungs, swellings, etc.; dlarrhwa, dysentory, rge diseases of tho kidneys and urinary organs. In le, usa by hospitals and medical clinics all over the an, globoe; patronlsed by his Majeasty the King of art Italy; crowssed with medal and diploma at y International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust vill in this approved article, and reject all others. ich 4*-Wholesale depots for Tasmaula, L. Fair- thorne and Son and Hatton and Laws. Re- tailed by chmists and storokeepers at 1s 9d and 2s 6d per bottle. the Arer's acn Vson stimulates the hair to a vne vigorous growth. It contains all that can be supplied to make the hair beautiful and abun of dut. romorese dandruff, and renders the hair flexible and glossy. 