IY AUNT WAS1HINT[UN, -o My Aunt Washington had half the eounty at her feet ; she knew it, and lost not a whit of the vantage thereby. I had ob served it with pride, for nothing at the time escaped my note, though I own with mortifi cation that only the Sunday before the time of which I speak I had cried aloud in the great meeting at the Court house, from having lost my red morocco shoe, by reason of a stout man sitting on my foot. Not that my foot was hurt, but that I feared the loss of my shoe, which, being red, was very pretty, thou h truly a snug fit, ' grandmother and my maid Jane making much ado in tetting them on in time. But they were brought to me from New York, a great journey in that day, meaning to me then the whole of the outer world. I remember wellhow myround cheeks burned, though my tears were still dropping from the loss of my finery, when my father lifted me by one arih over the heads of the people, the seats being arranged in a semicircle one over the other, and never paused until he had deposited me safely in my own chair at home. Aunt Washington had not gone to meet ing, pleading a headache, though I found her in the garden among the sweet alyssum beds, laughing and talking with Henry Lytle. He chuoked me under the chin when he had heard my tearful story, for my shoe had been left behind, and I doubted that my father would trouble to fetch it; but Aunt Washington laughed and gave me a peppermint from her pocket. She liked my small frivolity, she avowed, and declared me a thorough woman. I liked not the appearing of Henry Lytle, by reason, perhaps, of my grandmother's aversion, for she could not abide his pres ence ; particularly, as Aunt Washington touched her lip at my sudden appearing, and Henry Lytle made a wry face, shrung ging up his shoulders. Aunt Washington was the youngest child of my grandmother, and only surviving daughter, and was a pretty widow of three years' standing. Now my grandmother held peculiar views in regard to widowhood, bearing out all principles with honest practice, that upon the return ofa woman to her father's house, she having been widowed, she should resume the subservience of her former childhood, particularly until five years of mourning should be passed; and though Aunt Washington. was possessed of a cozy little fortune in her own right, from her husband, grandmother ruled her youngest daughter with a rod of iron. ?My father, being mostly under, the same roof, esme in for his nortion of courtiership, and though my grandmother was a wonderfully charming woman, she was none the less a d .spot in her own way. I often wondered, as I sat in the sunshine nursing my old wooden doll and watching the light as it played upon my grandmother's face as she sat at her netting, what position in the great house, with its great head, my late lamented grandfather had occupied, but upon that matter all were as silent as the grave, and I dare not question. We dawdled among the flowers until high noon of this August Sunday, I free as air and barefoot. Aunt Washington having suggested the advisability of removing my remaining shoe, altogether uurestrained in grandmother's absence, chasing the white and yellow butterflies with my Sunday hat, at the expense of the artificial wreath upon it, whose petals were wofully shattered. But what difference did it make, when the garden was full of the living flowers ? Henry Lytle looked at his watch, when, at toe turn of the lane, we saw the church party approaching, and likening us to mice, said "something unintelligible about the morrow, stooped his tall head and kissed both Aunt Washington and me, much to my astonishment, for grandmother was wont to deliver severe dissertations upon the promiscuous osculation of the sexes, holding that kisses were unholy things, even upon an unoffending infant, but Aunt Washington gave me a peppermint, which was a sufficient hint as to my discretion. WThen grandmother's royal silk rustled in *at the front gate (grandmother was more gracious of a Sunday) Henry Lytle's long legs had girdled the garden fence at the rear for an instant, and he was gone, leav Ing Aunt Washington and me with smiles, but with a iruilty " Sunday feeling," I as to the butterflies and my Sunday hat, Aunt TVashington as to Henry Lytle and the kisses. Monday was a great day at the " Elms," a day of clearing away the literal and im aginary cobwebs that had gathered over Sunday, that being the only day in the calendar, excepting Christmas, wherein the whisk and dust cloth were not used with mental and moral vigor. Upon that particular Monday grand mother was summoned to attend a dying friend, a friend of her own girlhood. Now grandmother believed that there was a time for all things, even a time to dance, which she afterward proved, but in spite of the ties of years of association it was very un reasonable in Martha to take to dying of a 'Monday, she averred. However, duty was duty, and as such my grandmother never shirked it, so, without delay, the family carriage was fetched, and with many directions to the maids and special admonitions to Aunt Washington in regard to the quince preserves, now in a primary state of preparation, with a rustle of silk and a whiff of lavender, grandmother was driven away, leaving the household world to A", t Washington and tome. MIv ideas as to our respective occupations fcr the morning are not very clear at this late date. I had an allotted daily task upon my sampler, into which pattern grand mother had stucnk a pin to mark its limita. tions, and I remember that my Aunt \VWash ington was unusually busy. My sampler was very exasperating and my crewels snarled nunmercifully. The text was, "Honor and Shame from no Condi tion Rise." I had gotten through the basket of primroses with cross-stitch and into "Shame,"' and now I was slipping my canvas in a most alovenlv manneFr wishing that I was a boy or a butterfly, or somettung not required by grandmothersor nature to work samplers, when my senses were assailed by voices from the kitchen, as well as the aroma of boiling quinces. My intuition told me that it was Henry Lytle, and I lost no time in satisfy ing tha, sense by proof. He was standing Ty one side ot the big brass kettle, and Aunt Washing:on on the other, with a wooden spoon in her hand. They were arguing about something, and Aunt Wash ingtonlookodhalf-laughiog,half- frightened. Henry Lytle-in my grandmother's kitchen ! Alas ! Alans ! Such indecorum-ond he had - dared, and Aunt Washington had dared!-oh ! grandmother ! grand mother ! Bnt he said something more about mice, and chcekled me under the chin again, and ALnt Washington sent me, with oxact par tizulsrity, to require of Aunt Peoggy, the hnusekeeper, seven sticks of cinnamon. I have seduously avoided the use of cin namon in preserves, even to tkis day, for ai discreet use of nutmeg, cloves, ginger or mace, I have found, serves the purpose fully as well, without any unpleasant sugges tions. On.e upon my mission, in spite of the dignity of my seven years, I forgot to Peturn immediately. It must have been an hour or so later when, guiltily upbraided by con soelence, I gathered up my seven cinnarnon sticks. Th, house seemed strangely quiet, and from the kitchen came the alarmingly u'pleasanut odor of burning syrup; I say alarming, for the escape of such an odor into my 'randmother's house was a positive catastrophe. I ran as fast as soy chubby legs would carry me, calling upon Aunt Washington, but no Aunt Wislhington responded. The contents of the big brass kettle were burning at the bottom and boiling over. I tiptoed on a chair and stirred it with the wooden spoon, burning my fingers in the operation, but I was too disturbed to weep, and besides no one was there to comfort me. I tried to lift the Eeething stuff; I might as wisely have tried to move Black l ountain. Not a maid was is sig'ht or hearing. Aunt Peggy was deaf, and from myposition I might have shouted I until doomsday, for all that she could hear. I verily believed tliat it was coming, and there lay Carlo, the only living thing in hearing, with his black nose on his paws, not budging, as though he cared not whit for me or the preserves. If woe could have put out the fire the pre serves would have been saved. However, I wandered about helplessly, still holding on to the wooden spoon, when I spied a bag of peppermints that Aunt Washington had thoughtfully left upon the kitchen table ; Sthese grasped as my only solace in this time of trouble, and never stopped until f I was in my own little bed, head and oars covered, still holding fast the pepper Smints. Iheard'tho maidareturni, then a stir and a bustle. I'knew that my own maid was st eeking for me. In the fear of my grand mother's anger, I had almost forgotten 'the absence of Aunt Washington. Where was 1Aunt Washington ? Where was Henry Lytle? I heard the approaching wheels. f signalling my grandmother's return. I heard the brewing of the storm; culminating in the arrival of a message whion " trusted thatthe preserves were not spoiled, and begging ? grandmother's pardon, Aunt Washington had gone to marry Henry Lytle 1" " And where is Frances Ann?" demanded my grandmother. SFeeling myself summoned, I descended I from my nest like a culprit, and, amid sobs, Ia related all I knew, even down to the pip r permints and seven cinnamon sticks. 0 Having no one else in particular to blame, upon my sorrowful and devoted head was ° poured all the wrath that my poor, outwitted grandmother could muster. The sun had ceased to shine on my grand mother's house. My father had suddenly 9 decided to make a trip to New York, to be gone for a matter of five or six months, and left me alone in my childish sorrow, after having vainly promised to bring me more things than I ever could have dreamed of ahiugs totally unsuited and inappropriate for child of my tender years. g My grandmother was silent, but sorupu e lously exact in the daily business of life, and persistently refused to consider any r presupposed advances to be made by Aunt SWashington and Henry Lytle in the future. Said my grandmother. "Serena has made her own bed, and she can lie in it." ° Soon after my father's departure my r grandmother sent for Barrister Quills. Now 0 Barrister Quills was the family attorney, as Shis father had been before him; one of the f powerful triumvirate in great old families, without whose attendance great family oc r oesions were null andvoid. V Seed cakes were brought and a pair of cobwebby bottles, for service in my grand mother's boudoir, a ceremonial always pre s oeeding important business transactions. Upon his departure I encountered Bar rister Quills upon the piazza, whereupon he patted me on the head and called me a very oloever child, taking unusual notice of me. Affairs were very quiet in my grand mother's house, but my grandmother became suddenly aware that I was in need of an bducattion, so a governess and music master were provided for me, my pantelettes were made a little more ornate, and with all this care I soon became a most miserablelittle creature. I could not quite make out my newly ao qui:ed importance. I feared that my father was preparing to take a wife unto himself, and wept in secret accordingly, for Frand mother was stoical in her silence. One day, Jane, my maid, revealed the cause of all my woes. She was curling my hair for my daily presenos in my grand mother's drawing-room (there were visi tors); when, my hair becoming in some way entangled with the cane, for it curled naturally, I cried out. " La !" said Jane, "hain't you 'shame, BMiss Frances, ter cry out lack er baby, when Ole Miss done cot you up fur er leetlelady !" and she tweaked my hair again, at which my tears continued to flow. " When Ole Miss done cut Miss S'rena out'n do will, lack she done out MarserLeo, an' mek you de hair! KHain't you 'shame, when you oughter be proud an' Ihigh !" " What, Jane!" I crid, aghast. " Won't grandmother have Aunt Washington for her daughter never any more F" " No," said Jane, " she done taken you in her place. " 11e !" " Yes," said Jane, with a cautious shake of her finger, an' you oughter 'have fitten ter your 'sition, Miss Frances. Dey do say, Miss Frank, as how Miss S'rona is dat happy wid Henry Lytle, she don't keer." " Where is my Aunt Washington ?' I de manded. r " Huh! I han't got her; over ter yer Cousin Dorcas'," said Jane, "bust none uv us fum here hain't tersee her er ter speak ter her. Ole .Miss say so." " I won't have her place, and I'll tell grandmother so I" I cried, stamping my 3 foot, as was customary with me in those days, on a sudden rise of temper. " I'll just toll grandmotherso, so there !" "Better leave Ole Miss 'lone," said Jane in an awestruck tone. "Et she wanter leave you all she got, you can't top it." My rrandmother had disinherited my Aunt Washington as she had my Uncle Leo, r the year before I was born, and who had never returned from France since that event Sful day. 1 Somehow, I associated the fact with the 1 offering up of Isaac. without an intervening Spower, or the casting of babes into the Ganges by heathen mothers, of whom my governess read to me on Sundays, and for the reelamation of whom I was saving up my coppers. I looked at grandmother in her flowing silks, with her sauve, gracious mainners and smothered sorrow, and more and more I associated her in my mind with the Hindu women ; but'my graudmother wont to church and was a Christian. Time wore on, and I with an uneasy con science woro, as I deemed it, my borrowed dignity. My father returned and loaded me with gifts until I skipped about like a bodizened Indian princess, but still I w,'as nothappy, for I feared to confide my trou bles to my father without mygrandmnother's advice. Girls were very modest and timid in my day, even the most daring, nmd had not a fractin of the confidence they now bravely display. It may perhaps be now as well, but it was not then the fashion. At last we heard that there was another Serona at the house of my Cousin Dorcas a Serena, rose-leaved and tiny. It was only whispered, and I went to bed, fevered with interest and silent curiosity, for I dare not mention the news to my grand mother. She had changed of late, was sometimes absent and dreamy, as she sat at her not. ting, giving me skein after skein to untangle, only to mesh them again. MJy grandmother was stranley out of sorts; my governess did not please her, my musio mastor eliaited no initerest, in fact, she was fain to put the little man out of the house altogether, and even my voice was harsh in my grandmother's crus. Perhaps she was thinking of her distant eon, perhaps of my beautiful Aunt Wash ington, perhaps of the little baby she had not even seen. -olwboit, my graudmother was sufficiently out of hsumor to catech?ise me on geography, and finding me wofully un responsive she boxed my ears and sent me from the room. Now the sting of mortification was heavier than the weightof my raudmother's hand, and gulping a something that hold the nervous semblance of a piece of crusty cornbread ih the throat, I wandered tear fully among the elms. I would do some thing. Child as I was, I felt that I was ( occupying the position of an interloper, and such aposition was unbearable. I had my t own place to fill, and could niot take Aunt t TVWsuhington's, no matter how much my grandmother wished it. Under her cold exterior I know that she was grieving, that she never would be happy acain in the absence of her child, though she might die in her pride without a word. Beyond the arching elms, at sisht of me, my father's horse, a blooded animal, whin neyed from his tether, eager to be gone. I patted his sensitive flank that quivered be- d neath my touch. He was saddled and n bridled, and yet my father had not come. r Suddenly a great thought trembled at my r heart and leaped into my pulses. The house h of myoousin Dorcas was only six miles away. i I knew every inch of the road, every brake, every plum-thicket. I would heal the family ureach ; I would yield my false posi r tion; I would go and fetch Aunt Washing. ton. What ctuld grandmother do against her presence, my tears, her pleadings P I pictured how she would plead, in a white r muslin dress-and if she would not, then I I would for her. No one was about. Quick as thought, though stealthily, I climbed into the saddle, 1 prepared for once to do my masters credit; I and rode slowly through the heart of the town, lestI should attract undue attention. Though people turned once and again to d look at my bare head and streaming hair, a for I had forgotten my bonnet, I was not molested. e All alone, without oven Jeoffry to follow .s -after nearly a year of curbing, such bliss, y such freedom I At the edge of the wood I i. gave into a brisk canter, to which the spirited d Noro was not adverse. How it would have e worried Jeoffry to keep abreast of that upon e his ambling cob! Such delicious air, such g delicious freedom, with my long curls whip. a ping my back like so many loosened bridle itins. .- ear d Almost in my enjoyment I had forgotten my mission, when right in the middle of the d road, only a few paces ahead, a bare-legged s, urchin throw up his hat. I screamed, but ?- too late, for once again the dark thing whirled, and, with a vicious yell, the little rascal disappeared. Nero reared suddenly 3, upon his haunches, then, wheeling like a s thing possessed, took back through the d tangled wood. Too frightened to think, I dropped the rein and flattened myself against I- his ne3k, holding with all my childish y strength to the rising and falling mane. ,e On, on, through the brake and taugle, scrap d ing me almost from my seat, the frightened ir ammal sped.; on, on-now back to the edge .e of the town. With closed eyes I heard the \- shouts of the men, the scream of the women tr to " save the little child 1" I thought of my father, my grandmother, Aunt Washington, \- the little baby I had never known. All now i, would go on without me : they would never y know how I tried to make them all happy. t They would never know that it was not a childish prank-and I would have died, in e vain, in vain. F It was morning, the sunlight fell like gold v dust through the little diamond panes. 1 s was stiff and sore, my head was bandaged, e and I could not move my arm. i, I must have been dreaming; I thought I was dead, but I was in my own little bed, whose muslin curtains looked like snow in f the sunlight. Somebody sat at a table net. ting, and there were tears in the eyes that looked now and again upon my bed. Was this my grandmother-that tender pain hers that lay upon brow ant lip? She e stirred, I closed my eyes again; perhaps I y dreamed, but on my cheek I felt such kisses rain as I had never known in all my orphaned life . before, murmured caresses, sending e tender thrills to wake that part of my young a heart that would have been my mother's. r Was this my grandmother ? I must have e dreamed ; sheer weakness fell upon me a tnvled skeins and smothered kisses drifted e with the dream. For many days I balanced life and death with fever, bruises and a broken arm, hold r ing often through the weary night grand mother's hand in mine, and then they came from far to ask for me and shame me with a fair tale of my bravery. 'Twas wonderful, e they said, for such a child as Ito sit so firmly r and so long. One day when all were gone and I could creep about like a small ghost from chair to e couch, from couch to chair again, my I grandmother had set down a tiny table , right before my chair, and on it Jeoffry r placed the seed-cakes and the wine. I t breathed the very atmosphere of cere I mony, as my grandmother took a seat I across from my wan self. When I had s drank and choked and, half in fear, had t nibbled a cake, my grandmother leaned t upon her arm and looked at me. " rances," she said, in tones both grave and slow, speaking for the first time of my escapade, t "it was a naughty thing of you to take r your father's horse, a wild and vicious thing he hardly dares to ride; i: was a wicked a thing to steal away alone without permission, though you must have had your reasons. child, for you are not a fool. What were a they, Frances ; why did you go ?" The keen grey eyes were fixed upon my own hard, inquisitive, uncompromising now ; I must have surely dreamed they ever looked in love. I hung my head and whispered : " To fetch Aunt \Vashingt .n home." " And what affair was it of yours to inter. r meddle?" demanded my graudmother. SWith all my weakuses this was more than I could bear. I fell upon my :nuees and clasped my grandmother's skirts with my unhurt aI rm; " Because," I sobbed, " I don't want Aunt Washington's place ; I don't want to be a fine lady, as Jane says I must. I don't want any lessons, any music, anything. Take her back, and the little baby, too, grand mother-the little baby that is just the same to you as 1 am--Jane said so. Please let us all be happy, and let me be good g again." ,My grandmother drew herself away and looked at me. I must have been a very piti ful sight, with my bandaged arm and great wide eyes, for my grandmother turned and left the room without a word. All the morning I felt that I was under a cloud; Sbut about noon my grandmother sent Sagain for Barrister Quills, and over the r seed-cakes and tihe wine I was made a party to the proceedings. I have not a very olear recollection as to what passed, perhaps due to my years, or to the wine to which I was Sunacoustomed, but that night, as grand [ mother tucked me in my crib and put out the Slight (grandmother always performed that o3 oilce for mo when there were no guests in the drawing-room) she bent over me and whispered as gently as her softened humor Sbade: "eTv Frances, she shall come." There were great preparations at the "Elms" for the reception of Mistress Henry Lytle, iiy grandmother irresistibly slurring the male portion in her mention of it. She never did anything by halves (per haps excepting this), and such baking and larding was unknown since my own dear mother's marriage. The gentry from far and near were bidden to a feast, the like of which was the superlative of every com parison for many a year. In somne way or other I was to figure as a heroine, though my small head was unable to grasp the reason why. But it was all ns good as a play, of which Aunt Washington told me, where all the people were gay and marched off and on a stage. I was pranked out in a brocaded satin petticoat, and had my hair dressed most inappro. priato to my years; but Aunt Washington, or Aunt Lytle, as I should properly call her, would have it so, and MIistress Lytle's word was not to be questioned. My arm, pro vokingly slow to mend, was bound in one of H-enry Lytle's best neckorchiefs. My grand mother was gorgeous as a Grand Duchess, and happier, too, 'tius fair to wager, than many another beside a throne. To her granddaughter, her black satin train gave moro the aroma of dignity than can over again die with woman. Aunt Washington, beside her lover hus band, wore the bridal robes she had not worn in her hasty flight, now withher mother's own permission, and amid the blessings of us all. Oh, how they danced! I looked upon them fromnt my little chair, picshed close be side my grandmother's own. "Sir Rogeor do Goverley" woke the echoes of the dis tant past. Ay grandmother led out with Barrister Quills ; Aunt Washing ton followed with my father; twenty, thirty, forty couplos--ah! no, I could not count them--fla'hing their colors like changeable rainbows against thie vibrant wail of violins. On, on, through the hours, with the pausoof a ten-oup or the tipping of a glass. On, on, with the violins, the mellow voices that told my happy, childish heart that peace could brood again upon the " Elms." On, on, through heavy lids that aould but 1 close, I seothem yet-through all the darker days that came and passed-and on the top most stair to wave a kiss to me, her white 1 robes, the pinions of my childish dreams, the rose unwithering upon her breast, the best loved of my kindred, my Aunt Washington. 