Theatrical Topics. . "The Tintogl' reached its 100th performance tin FelZPuatT. I, and still oontinues to draw crowded houses at Terry's, tuid to delight all who witness this oxtrCmelv clever play. Mr. Terry has unioriuuntoiy boon roocntly 'abuAit from the theatre owing to illness, but hhs now resumed his plaoo in the cast. , Another new theatre is in contemplation — in foot t)mro are; rumours that there are to be two new playhouses' in London very shortly. Oho of tlioso wijl be tho property of Mr. H. Moroll, who is hot,' howovcr, going .to turn aoteir- oumuger.' The other nrill bo under the direo- tion of Mr. E. Iionncn, who is now in M61- bourno with Mrs.' Boero! ' Miss Mary Dilggan, ' the osptivating Nolly Bly, of the -Savoy. Opera, is of Jrisli nationality, and was oiluofitod iii Dublin. Her first London sppenranoo.wuH uudor Mr. Curl Boon's znAhiigo- , merit in " l'iftooliuo," witli Mr. D'Oyly Carte's nompouy. She. has for for some timo boon playing Jiisflio Bond parte in the provinoce. besides having played iu "The .Mikado" on its second oototiniirital tour. Oho 61 the mtist Hiibooesful pantomimee of ttio present rear irl London has been " Diok Whit- tinglOn" at tiie Grand Thnntre, to which (aays the QHren) .West End .plhygoors have been flocking in SiKSh numbrrc thntNorth Lofadonbre liaro literally found tlicrasclvcs " crowded out" of their pretty local theatre. It is more than Jirohiible that it .will be subsequently removed or a short ran to tho Olympic Theatre, where it will doubtless prove us attractive jtz it haa done at the Grand. ' " Forgiveness " bo (says' the Quom) almost run ite ooiir»e at 8t. James's. Mr. George Alexander's present season has so far not boon suoooasfol; and .if it ia true that ho contem plates putting "Hamlet" on his stago, he will, it is loured, havo further, disaster to en counter. Two Hamlets at the nnmo time, and Within a stono's throw of each other, are hardly likely to attract the. public. It is more probable, howovcr, that Mr. Oaoar "Wilde's new play will be the noxt prodnotion beto, ntid that " Hamlet " will follow. According to tho World, Maeterlinck, the " Belgian Shakespeare," lias never boon behind the scenes of a th outre in Ids lifo. " Tlio great majority of.phiys liore him inexpressibly," and almost tho only piece ho Iius wltnossed with anything like pleasure huvo been "Tho Wln- ter's'Talo,"' this "Jungfrau von Orleans,'' " Ghosts, "..and. " The Powers of Burknoss." M. Maeterlinck admits Unit, though ho prefers the dramatic, form for tho expression of his ideas, lio " never gives tiie smallest considera tion to theatrical possibilities and effoots." Mrs. Elizabeth Mnvbury, of Now York, Is tlio only 'woiu'ltn iii 'Gin 'world who ropreeonts foreign- and Araerhsin di-amutio authors as nn international ugont. Sho roads or listens to tho reading of plays from tlio pens of 8ardon and Jerome and Chambers, and with oqual patience, if not oquul interest, from writers of Item. gonitis.. . .And,. knrii'K accepted tpp.play, sho. places it, draws up cuutracts of remnrkablo E'.vqnuoy and legal- .technicality, collects luy/dtioH, nnd voriiiea tlio hox- offioo reoeiplp. 8hc also orgimiseci literary syndicates, collects iirtinlcfi .for poriodinals, and aots as an intor- modiury botweon Euroxienu authors and Ameti- ran puolishorH, and xiossihly i'ic< vt na. Sir Augustus Hnrriu lias been to Hambnrg (suys.thp. Qw<n)j. whoyp. (10. lias made arrange ments for tlio production at Covont Gamcrn Tlioatre next season of the whole of "Wagner's "Nibsluugcn Ring " -(oonsisting of -''Do Rheiugold," "Die Walkurc," "Siegfriod," niid " GotuMnuiraerim,") which has not boen Serf on nod in London mnos its original Intro- uation .there, at Her Min'osty.'s.Tbeatre.by Horr Pollinl 10 years ago. TI111 artiste alr'/ndy on- gaged for the repreientation of tho tetralogy inolnde Horr Aivaiy, a teiior who sang tho part of Tristan in "Tristan und Isolde" at Bayreuth ; Hrrr "Wicgand, who sang at Her Majesty's 10 years ago ; Horr Grove, a bari tone : Herr Landau, the tenor ; and Fraulcin Krsffski, a well known German soprano. In sotting before tbo publio a revival of hie nohlo jilay " Juduli," Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has (remarks tho Quttn of February 6) made tin best pomible use of his position as a theatrical nuutagor.. .When " Judah " vrae originally produoed ut the Shaftesbury noarly two years ago, wo felt justified iu describing it as ite author'a lUHRterpioco. His inasterpieoe it still remains; aud, indeed, it would bo unreasonable . to expect oven so gifted a dramatist as Mr. Jones to repeatedly reach the singularly high level he has attained in a play that most be re garded as . a positive inspiration. Alike in power, in originality, iu boldness of design, and skilfuhioM of treatment, in strength of idtuHtion and felicity of dialogue, "Jadnh" is outitlod to tako its plaoe among tho few plays of the highest jijV producis Tflthin recast jreara,- - What is oaUod a "oomio opera," says aa English pxpor, but whioh would, perhaps, ba more proporly desoribod as a burlesque of Douglas Jerrold's "BUick-oyed Susan,' was produoed at tho Prince of Wales's Theatre, ctn Saturday night, February 6. Its title ia " Blue- o/ed Busaii.' Hossru. Sims and Pottitt have written the book, tlio music being the work of Mr, F. Osmond Carr. 'Die score ocn tains sotne gruoeful niunbers, und tho porformanoe was well roceivod. Miss Nellie Stewart, the Susan of the new production, ban for some years post onjpved muoli. auocoss as an oporutio singer in tbo Australian colonics. Her light soprano voice, fooilo oxeoution, and power of expression wore woll appreciated. ' William was ropre- eonted by' Miss Marian Burton (also weU kuown in Australia), who sang the murio of the port aa well as it oould be sung. - At the fall of the curtain the authors were called for, and Messrs. Henry Fottitt aud Osmond Oarr bowed thoir acknowledgments,! Mdmc. Mpdjnska has hoen giving her opinion on Itosalind to the inombers of the New York Goethe Society. . Die great no tress held from what tiie Dnks says of her that Rosalind was . subtle, smooth, sllont, patient, bright, and virtuous, aiid from what is said by herself and others, that she was tall, golden-haired, majostio, and beautiful. Her nnsolflah nature was shown in licr reodinosa to crush her own sorrow for tlio aako of Colia, The scene be tween Rosnlmd and Orlando after the wrestling Mdmo. Ifodjenka ragardi; an one of. tho most delicate and beautiful in the play, and . she re- marks that .there is no effort Lore, or elsewhere to gain applause by what actors call pointe," Ths only apieeoh of Rosallnd'a, she says,, that ia intended osponially for appiauno is in tha epilogue, which has: no connection with Rosa lind's chontoter, but is moroly an apposl from tho author pud manager on behalf of tho plsy. Rcsulind aannot be yiUyod, Mdmo. Modjcaka adds, in a natural manner, for the story is more of a poem than a play, and piust hayo pootio treatment. .... , . , . . 