ALASKA THE LAND OF THE MIDNIGHT SUN. LECTURE BY MISS ACKERMANN. Miss Ackermann, the world's missionary, del gated by the Women's Christian Temperance Union, gave a second lecture at the Town Hall, Perth, last Friday evening, on " Alaska-the Land of the Midnight Sun." His Excellency, Sir William Robinson, and Lady Robinson were present, and the hall was filled by a large audience. The Chairman, Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., in introducing Miss Acker, mann, said that he had pleasure in perform, ing the duty which had devolved upon him, of introducing to them a lady with whom most of the in were already well acquainted, and of soliciting a favourable hearing for one whom they would very much rather listen to than to himself. He was certainly not going to invite a comparison between that which Miss Ackermann would say, and that which he might say, and he would, therefore, ask her to proceed with her lecture upon that great American state probably the largest and most distant state from them-" Alaska -the Land of the Midnight Sun." (Applause.) Miss Ackermann said that in these days of advanced thought and liberal education it seemed almost impossible to come before a thinking people with a subject that was new to any of them. It was just a bit refreshing to feel that her subject that evening was in a great measure a new one, and that she was going to speak of a part of the world which the reatBeemed to have very little knowledge. Sometimes it seemed to her that Alaska was so far away, that it was almost impossible to think where this territory of 600,000 square miles was situated. Alaska was purchased by the United States Government from Russia about 20 years ago. For a very long time indeed did the negotiations proceed without settlement, till after Russia refusing ¿67,000,000, a young statesman said, " Let us give ¿67,500,000 and 2,000,000 muskets." These latter were the remnants of the great battle, between North and South, and were of no further use. So the bargain was made, and Russia got her ¿67,560,000 and 2,000,000 of the grandest old muskets they ever saw. Her journey to Alaska was commenced from San Francisco, thence by Tacoma and the great North Lakes. After leaving the capital of British Colombia, they sailed for three or four days without seeing so much as a sign of life or habitation. But on reaching the first post they were greatly repaid for the loneliness of the trip, for all round were great mountains and scenery which in its loveliness baffled description. At a port further on they went ashore and were confronted by a guide. She supposed that most of those who had travelled at all had learnt to beware of guilty. The captain said "You will require guides." She asked what there was to see and the guides told her of old ruins and a great waterfall. The guide's charge was 50., and after putting down the money the party Started. After going along some distance, the guide stopped suddenly and pointed to something. He said, " Those are the aims of this hillside was an old wheel-barrow, the first vehicle brought to the hills when gold was discovered, and the miners thought they could wheel it away in a barrow. (Laughter.) Then the guide pointed to a great precipice, and in answer to their inquiries as to the whereabouts of the waterfall, he said, u Well, that is, it. It is not exactly a waterfall, but it is a place where water could fall." (Laughter.) She was sure, therefore, that they would follow her in being beware of guides. Native Houses. The appearance of the native houses of Alaska was much like those in most parts of the world, the only distinctive feature being an immense post, or rather a small tree trunk standing before each. These posts were about 30 to 40 feet high. Why are these posts opposite every door she asked, and then she learned something that impressed her very much indeed. The guide told them that the men do not count at all in Alaska, that it is only the woman who figures in society. Observing curious figures, such as the face of a walrus, an owl, or eagle, her curiosity was answered by the information that all these carvings were emblematic of the woman pedigree. What about the man's pedigree, she asked. " Oh, he has none," said the guide. (Laughter.) Marriage Customs. Peculiar as the marriage laws are in most foreign and half-civilised countries, those of Alaska went beyond them. She had travelled in many countries, where men have had the right to have half-a-dozen wives ; one she knew who had 28-well, he died. (Laughter.) She was surprised at the reversal of the usual custom in Alaska. A woman, there had the right to one or half- dozen husbands, and one she met who had eight. It was a common thing for a woman to have three or four husbands and all of them brothers. The Interior. The next post reached was a city called Juno, which was quite a delightful place to visit only it was so foreign. As she went ashore not a single human being could she speak to. She felt strange enough, indeed, for she was one of those people who were born on speaking terms with everybody, and if they did not speak to her she would speak to them. Inquiring about the goldfields, she was told that they were 35 miles away, and that the only way to get to them was to walk. Well, in America, they had read of English women walking five or ten miles, and they thought that they were perfect wonders. She did not want them to believe that American women are lazy, but some of them were born tired and could not get over it. (Laughter.) The Government mule was the only animal available. She found that the mules last age was recorded at 30, and this was 25 years later. (Laughter.) So they walked the 35 miles, round the head of the ' great waters of the Yukon River. This great river is more than 2000 miles long and very little was known of it at the present day. They found large numbers of men working at the goldfields, though in winter many of them had to leave for the coast, the cold being so intense that the mercury registered 58 degrees below zero. The climate on the coast, strangely enough, is most delightful in winter and is not so cold as New York, Philadelphia, or Chicago. The Icefields. They were wondering on the return journey who would be the first to discover an iceberg, and they awoke one morning in a bay full of them, floating round in every direction. These were backed by the hills clothed in trees and ferns and rugged rocks, the whole forming a scene, to compare with nothing she had ever before seen. She had stood before Niagara and she had thought it was the greatest wonder in creation, but she found that the great white icebergs were even more wonderful. She saw the great mountain soaring into the clouds, one side clothed in flowers and ferns and trees, and the other showing great rocks and waterfalls. She climbed the summit of this great mountain and as she looked up saw one small star which seemed to shine more brightly than all the others, and on looking at it through a telescope it seeemed to increase in beauty until the whole heavens were a mass of Brilliant colour and brightness, and she thought surely this is the masterpiece of the cristo, is natural beauty. Further progress of the steamer was stopped by a great wall of ice 2 miles across, thousands of feet high and extending as many feet below the water. After remaining for some days she had the experience of climbing a glacier and observ- ing how icebergs are formed. Reaching the top she saw before her a great mountain of ice larger than the whole of Switzerland. Nothing appeared save death and desolation on every side. Whilst on the mountain a great noise was heard as of distant thunder. The sound gradually increased in loud cracks and reverberations until "an iceberg is going to break," said the captain-and in a few moments a great cliff of ice tore away from the glacier and the ship, whose masts were 100 feet high, and whose length was 300 feet, was completely shut from view, as the majestic iceberg floated past. A great tidal wave was caused by the displacement made by the colossal iceberg, and for some time I after its plunge into the ocean the water could be seen rising higher and higher along the shore, while the ship was rocked like a great cradle. Aboard the steamer again, and after passages through perilous trails, they arrived at the capital city, Sitka. This is really the head of steamship navigation and to go further means a sailing trip. Well when a lady books a passage by a sailing ship she knew that she was regarded as a first class nuisance-the only instance she knew of such being the case (daughter) so it was some time before they started. At length however, they came down to the Aleutian islands, some of which, it was predicted, would certainly bring war between England and America. Praise God, there would never be such, a war between them. They were too civilized. (Applause.) The Midnight Sun. At length they reached the north of the Yukon river. This was the place where the sun shone for three months at a time without a shadow. The sun was, during this period, never in the heavens, but always down on the horizon creeping along continually. You look to see the time, it is twelve o'clock, and when twelve o'clock comes round again it is still day, and day after day this goes on till, as winter approaches, the sun suddenly drops and all is right, as all was day. They could not imagine the terrible strain of this semi perpetual day. Her head felt heavy at the recollection of it. Oh the light, the aching never-changing light. It seemed as though it were a heavy weight upon one's brain. If there were the faintest crack in the window curtains or walls there was no hope for sleep. The sun was shining, shining all the time and she thought that it was one of the most delightful days that she had ever known when she found that there was such a thing as night. t Occupations of the People. The chief channels of labour were directed in the prosecution of whaling, sealing, and fishing. There were several salmon factories in the towns, and also large depots for the drying of codfish. There was also one cod liver oil factory. tAU the remaining papers tion not engaged in these works were upon the goldfields and coal mines. Missionary Work and its Difficulties. During her stay in Alaska she paid a visit to the house of the missionary. He had not seen a white woman visitor in three years. His supplies came once a year, and that was all the intercourse he had with the outer world. If they wanted to know what , missionary work was in Alaska, just let them I imagine a woman with her family going to a country like that she had already endeavoured to describe. No sound of kindred voices, no sympathetic converse, nothing but work and desolate surroundings, and the work was attended with a maximum of hardship, and with the least adequate reward. Here she found the house which had been occupied by Sir John Franklin's wife when she went North to seek her husband, and for one night she slept in the room that had been occupied by that lady. At Sitka evidences of Russian robes, were apparent on every side. She was again confronted by the guide whose services she declined. ''But you will be lost, he claimed, and so She yielded. When the guide conducted them to the old Russian castle every room, he said, had a legend. Every corner was allotted its complement of spooks, ghosts etc. " Oh, he did not know what the legends were, but they were most wonderful." This was the guide again. (Laughter.) Religious Observance. They also visited a building of strange architecture the Greek Church. Upon the door was a notification that special service would be held at 2 o'clock. The church was a wonderful place. She expected that its service would be similar to that of the Roman Catholic, but that was not so. The people came in and prostrated themselves before the altar. Then they rose and remained standing until the service was finished. There was nothing of interest in the church gave the wonderful pictures. A magnificent painting of the Last Supper extended across the entire width of the building. The figure of the Saviour was clad in a solid golden mantle, and all of the disciples in robes of silver. It seemed as if someone had beaten the solid metal, and packed the robes upon the figures. In another room was one small picture, " The Madonna and Child." She had never seen anything so beautiful, and, standing long before the picture, she read the hope and joy beaming in the face of that Mother, but most of all the Mother's love; and in her arms lay the sleeping infant, Jesus. When they came out they saw a place with great bronze doors. The guide said that no woman was ever permitted to enter this eh amber, and, on being asked the reason, said that a woman had once passed over the threshold, and the floor had to be taken up. Of course, she did not want to subject him to that inconvenience, and as women were not curious about these things, she did not trouble. (Laughter.) However, ladies' husbands were allowed to enter, and of course they knew what that meant. (Laughter.) Not being married herself, she could never know what the building contained, so, after all, perhaps there was some advantage in having a husband (Laughter.) The Natives. Her expectations with regard to the natives ware that she would find them something like the Red Indians. They were very different, however, and in fact, no idea can be formed as to what race they belonged to. There was a likeness to the Japanese in their general look which led many to believe that some of that race had been washed over from Japan, the distance not being very great. Certainly there was no resemblance to the Red Indian about them. They had a most peculiar language which was merely a gurg- ling in the throat, and missionaries after years of service in Alaska, had not been able to speak a dozen words of it. When she tried to talk for just a while she found that her throat began to ache with the effort to produce the peculiar sounds. The only means that had been found effective in connection with missionary work, had been the training of about fifty young men to speak English, and then employing them as interpreters. She learned to her great surprise that they were musical. One native boy played the American national airs upon a cornet, and said that he played those times because he was an American. It appears that these people had special gifts, but she found that it was almost impossible for them to receive instruction. She went right among them in their homes, taking with her, as she always did, the Bible. She talked to them upon their having more than one husband, and. endeavoured to make them understand that Christian law forbade it. One woman was very much interested. She thought the Gospel a most beautiful story, and wanted to believe in it. This woman came to her and said " Yon tell us it is not right, and that you cannot be a Christian until you make up your mind to give up all these men ?" She seemed some what grieved on being assured that this was so. She had three husbands, all brothers, and she asked which one she had better keep. She (Miss Ackermann) told her that she had better decide that herself, and after a week's absence she returned and said that she had chosen one of the men for her husband, and that she was going to be married according to the Christian ceremonial. She inquired as to which of the husbands the woman had chosen, and they would be astonished when she told them which it was. Their respective ages were about 21, 43 and 44, and the woman chose-the youngest. (Laughter). Doubt- less her choice was made them, because she knew that she could bring him up to her liking. (Laughter). The natives lived in properly constructed houses made of trees, A hole in the reef was the chimney which carried the smoke from the fire, which was always made in a hole in the middle of the floor. From the rafters the fish and game were hung and smoked for winter food. They used a kind of narrow flat oily fish which they placed in a machine like a cider press and squeezed till the oil flowed out. This oil formed the drink of the natives, and at meals they drank it from a ladle which was passed from hand to hand during the meal. The White Population In response to an invitation from the miners on the great goldfields, she went ever the hills to deliver a temperance lecture among them. Her experience of them was a remarkable one. There were a thousand men, some of whom had not for many years seen a white woman's face. She believed that man without the influence of woman would degenerate, and she had the convincing evidence, from the condition of those miners, that it was woman's gentle influence which kept man-man. (Applause.) She was asked to hold her meeting in a saloon, and her repugnance to have such a scene for her work was only overcome by the thought, that the movement which she had been sent out to advance, had been born in front of the publichouse, and she would be unworthy of her labour if she did not go. The saloon keeper promised to cover up all the Tqaers, and she was guaranteed perfect protection while she was in the place. Then, as she looked across she saw a flag floating in the breeze, and was startled at her hesitation. Why ? Because she knew that wherever the Union Jack or the Stars and Stripes unfurled their folds, there was a woman's protection and a surety of respect. (Applause) The men were of the roughest types that could be found anywhere. She remembered, as she approached the saloon, how she wished she could locate the backdoor instead of entering by the front, and she wondered how many men there would think in a similar manner. One white woman and one native woman were there, and 500 Cornishmen and 500 Americans. At the close of her address, a piece of paper fluttered from her bible, and was handed to her by a miner. She told them what that paper contained. It was the account in a newspaper of the finding of the body of a sailor boy in the waters of Liverpool. In one of his pockets was found a note, on which was written, " Do not mind me, I am only a drunkard." Later, she had read that the coroner of Liverpool had received 200 letters asking a description of that boy. Oh ! when she read that she knew what it meant. It meant 200 mothers hearts saying " Where is my wandering boy. Go search for him where you will, but bring him home to me." That was just what it meant 200 desolate hearts. Native Dances. An old chief had died and a new one had taken his place. This was the occasion of a great dance among the natives, and, to use a saying they had in America, " It just makes the fur fly." About 200 natives were assembled in a sort of shed, and the singing and music that was going on was not very much unlike that of the Chinese. The chief was dressed in a long robe of white fur, and had a red blanket over it. He had sandals on his feet, tied with something like rope. When the music struck up for the dance she was surprised that no one moved. The men joined, hands and the women sat on the floor eating smoked fish. The men began the dance by swinging their bodies into every possible shape and angle, till the perspiration began to roll from their faces. This dance continued for about seven days, when the new chief was declared duly installed. Native Girls and Women. The girls of Alaska marry at an exceedingly youthful age, sometimes when they were about two or three years old. They simply went out on to the beach and a great fire was built. The girl then selects her husband or husbands, and the marriage ceremony is over. The more she saw of these people the more difficult it was to understand them. The United States had purchased the country with its 11,000 people. What was it going to do with them ? Just what had been done with the Red Indians. The white population had driven them further and further into the North, almost into the sea. From that and the result of white associations they had blighted, cursed, and destroyed a race. This is what she was told, too, by a red woman from St. John. Such would be the fate of the race of Alaska. Vices had been introduced, and not only had the native population been driven into the sea, but annihilated by what is termed Christian civilization. The Trail of the Serpent. She felt, as she went from one colony to another, that she had never reached a land of greater beauty than Australia-a land of sunshine, fruit and flowers. But even here there was the same trail of the serpent over the lives of the people, whose existence might be one of so much beauty happiness and love. She found that the noblest of its sons and daughters could not keep away from the same blighting influence. And she wished to say to them, if they could not go to Alaska, let them do something to keep their land beautiful about them, to help the weaker ones to resist and to prevent the creation of hearts saddened by the anxiety for absent boys and girls. She thought this was a beautiful colony. It had everything that should make it a home-a perfect Paradise, but the same evils were persistently here. She would say to every Christian man " Take up your portion of the burden and give some aid towards checking the downfall of your fellows," so that lives of long suffering may be things of the past. (Applause). Miss Ackermann, at the close of her lecture, warmly thanked the people of Perth for their kind reception and treatment during her stay, and expressed her dsepappreciation of the support they had given to the great cause which she represented. She proposed a vote of thanks to all who had so enthusiastically assisted her in this way, to the Chairman who had so kindly presided that evening, and for the support accorded by him to the movement both personally and through his paper. The Chairman having responded, the choir gave an appropriate hymn which closed the meeting. 