The Value of Paddy's Lucerne The despised weed so common in New South Wales, known as sida retusa is con sidered in England a very valuable fibre, 'and the market is practically unlimited. Messrs. Noble the, well-known fibre bro kers, write that they have examined the fibre which was shown at the Intercolonial 'Exhibition. They state:- " It will be of great value, provided there is a large quantity that may be sent from Australia, iso that it is worth the while of spinners ito devote themselves to it. There is in the fibre value of upwards ^30, if Isent clear and free from woody stalk. We would recommend you only to steep it, and crush out as much of the wood as bossible and send it. It will then bring ferom £11 to £i* per ton, and it will rise In value according to the way it is cleaned; but as labour is scarce we think it is the best way to send it rough at first. If you find labour becoms more plentiful! you can clean it more. The difference fconsists in the amount expended, when | properly undertsood, and saving of ex- j t>ense in freight would be wasted. Do hot trouble yourself about it unless plenty tan be produced in the country, as little lots would not bring their real value. To show you that quantity is sure to work this way we may mention one article, though inferior in quality-jute from India Thirty-seven years ago a little was brought into this country-only about 3000 bales k year, of 30001b to the bale; and it was pronounced as worthless except for adul terating, but I recommended it to come in Quantity. It has made for itself a market, rtiade the fortune of Dundee, and last year there were imported 1,600,000 bales. A jockey named N. Watterson rode four winners trt Ballina races. George Dawson will in all probability leave for America next month by the Monowai. He has had a little stroke 0! bad luck lately, which has made him a trifle moody, and he will welcome with de light the change which a visit to the States will afrord him. A correspondent writes, " re these Ghost stories," your informant must have had it very bad after reading Stead's Ghost-stories -M)r he must have seen Dillow's white horse." 