Lost In the Bush. By L.A. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] "You must go over to Walford's, Jim." "No, I'll be hanged if I do, you let me in for that last time." "Some one must go, I can't. I'm going to tan in the cattle." " Send the new chum." "Hardly fair, eh?" " Oh, he was there the other day, he'll find his way." "Think so; well, here he comes." The last speaker swung himself slowly out of a hammock on the veranda in whioh he had been reolining, his pipe in his mouth, and leaned against the doorpost, watching a young man who was coming briskly up the hill. His companion, who was seated on the table, .occupied with a steaming billy of tea, did not look up till a shadow fell across the sunshine of the doorway and a pleasant voice in sharp contrast to the rather drawling tones of the first speakers remarked: "You two fellows should have oome for a bathe." NaTang Hill was a station whioh belonged to Mr. Woodford, a rioh old man in Sydney, and the owner had given the management of it to his two nephews, Robert Woodford and James Esher. A few weeks before my story opens a young Englishman, Arthur L'Estrange by name, had arrived in Sydney with letters of introduction to Mr. Woodford, who, after entertaining him hospitably, had sent him up to his nephews at Narang Gully. The cousins were tall young busfaman, without muoh claim to good looks, and presented a contrast in every respect to L'Estrange, who stood about sft. lOin. in his stockings, and was well built and aotive, with curling brown hair and keen blue eyes. "Find my way, oh, yes, I'll find it," he is saying now with a smile as he stands in front of the house, his horse's bridle over his arm, receiving some last directions from Wood ford, who is leaning against the door post. "That beggar, Jim," he said, "ought to have gone, but he won't because I let him in for it last time, and when the fellow gets it into his head that he won't do a thing, why, he won't." "It's all right," said L'Estrange as he mounted, " I know the cattle." " Oh, it's not that," said the other slowly, and with an air of uneasiness. The homestead was built on a hill, and the view beyond was extensive and beautiful. It was a burning summer day. Already, at 8 o'clock, the sun was high in the heavens, the light breeze had died away, and now not a leaf stirred. Far away on the horizon a haze hung over the ranges, heat quivered in the air, and the shrill voice of the locusts from the trees near the creek was almost deafening. Woodford lounged aoross to the stookyard, where the men were saddling their horses, leaving Jim to follow. L'Estrange rode slowly along, crossed the little creek at the foot of the hill, and plunged into tbe bush. He was new enough to the country to take a keen interest in all he saw. From the hill on which the homestead was built range upon range of hills was visible, pearly gray against the horizon, blue in the middle dis tance, and darker with clearly defined shadows of pinky purple in the foreground, but onco fairly in the bush nothing was visible but gum trees, their bluish-gray and green relieved here and there by the crimson waratah, ereot amid its priokly leaves. His thoughts were busy as he rode along ; sometimes they were far away in England, but often a sweet bright face with clear gray eyes rose before him, the face of Monioa Grant, the daughter of a squatter, whom he had met several times during his stay in Sydney. As he rode on his way the scent of the wild apple blossom filled the air, bright winged parrots now and again flitted among the branches, and sometimes the harsh scream of the cockatoo was heard. When the sun was overhead he looked at his watch. By that time he should have reached a deserted hut, which stood in a clearing about half way on his journey. He looked in every direction, but no nut was to be seen. Then be went a little further, keeping a sharper lookout, but as yet reeling no uneasiness, although to his unaccus tomed eyes one hill with its monotonous green foliage so closely resembled another, that he was puzzled to know whether or not he was far out of the way. Presently he saw rising before him a hill which he was certain he had never seen before, and with a feeling of dismay he saw that he was lost in the bush. Sundown found him wandering on the ranges. The dis tant note of the morepork was heard at intervals, and the melancholy ory of the curlew fell mournfully on his ears. Determined to make the beat of circumstances he unsaddled his horse, and making a pillow of his saddle lay down to sleep. Before dawn he was up again, and evening found him still toiling on faint and weary, his horse's bridle over his arm, and the poor animal walking with drooping head. They had travelled for miles in a cirole, and had come again to a plaoe that L'Estrange recognised as having passed early in the afternoon. Another dawn and onoe more the rising sun looked down with pitiless burning eye on man and horse. "Surely there is water in the hollow over there," L'Estrange thought as he roused himself from a sort of waking trance into which he had fallen, and spoke to the horse who pricked hia ears at the familiar voice. But tbe fearful heat had done its work, a spasm seized the poor animal, his limbs gave way, and he fell dead on the hillside. L'Estrange turned with a strange heart-sinking, after gazing sorrowfully on his dead companion. He looked for a moment at the distant hills, the light beat fiercely on some flat gray rooks in the fore ground, giving them the effeot of a sheet of water, and he dragged himself towards it and sank down, his strength giving way under the bitterness of his disappointment. A burst of fiendish laughter seemed to mock his agony— he looked up startled to see a laughing jackass on a tree close by. How he spent that day he oould never remember. Half unconsoions he dragged himself on, his mind began to wander, and in a vague way he wondered where he was. Since his arrival in Australia he had greatly admired the brilliant cloudless days, and now his thoughts ran on the sunshine, but in a different way. He looked with glazing eyes in a last appeal to the heavens, no longer blue but a sky of light. Dazzling meteors floated before him and he sank at last on the sandy soil. He thought he was lying on the cool grass of an English lawn, his mother's soft hand on his brow. The pretty churchyard with its tall elms was separated from them only by a light iron railing, and the bells in the old tower were pealing for evensong. Now a beautiful face, young and loving, seemed to bend over him— the face of Monioa Grant. This passed away, and he cried, starting a little, " How strange that no one knows ! It is the sun-god Phcobus Apollo, and they call it death I—why, death is dark and oold 1 Look at the arrows of light— they strike me." Then all was stillness —the weird stillness of the Australian bush. "Why can't that fellow come back?" grumbled Jim on the fourth morning after L'Estrange'B departure, "he knows how muoh there is to do, and yet he stays enjoying him self at Cobon Creek." "I am going out to look for him," said Woodford sullenly. "We ought to have gone when we found he had not returned yesterday morning. Only for you I would have gone, Jim. He is not one to shirk work. You had better come, too, and help to find him." " I don't mind going with you," replied Jim, " though I know he's over there amusing him self. I heard last night that Miss Monioa Grant was there." Jim saddled his horse and rode off, feeling more uneasy than he would have liked to own. He rode in a leisurely way looking about him, and it was late in the afternoon when he oame in sight of Mr. Walford's house. A group of people who were seated in the veranda enjoy ing tbe beauty of the evening called out merry greetings to him as he rode up, which he only responded to by asking: " Where is L'Estrange ?" His eyes did not rest for more than an instant even on pretty Miss Grant, but he anxiously scanned the group before him. "L'Estrange 1" exclaimed Mr. Walford, a fine-looking white-haired old man, coming for ward as he spoke, " we have seen nothing of him—did you expect to find him here?" he asked. " Then he is lost," said Jim, turning to ride away. " Why, Jim," said Mr. Walford, " you are not going off like that! Come in and have something to eat, and tell us all about it." " Yes, oome, Jim," said Monioa, and at her words Jim, who had sat still and sullen, in stantly dismounted, and told how L'Estrange had set out four days before for Cobon Creek. "And you let him got" cried Monioa, her cheeks flushing and her eyes darkening, " be cause you were too lazy to come yourself! He had only been here onoe, and you know what a difficult place it is to find. Jim, I thought better of you." "The fellow is not a fool," muttered Jim sulkily, but Monioa turned away in disdain. Jim followed her a few steps, and said in a lower tone: "Yon seem to take a great interest in L'E strange, Monioa. I will find him for you," then he turned, and mounting his horse rode quickly away, and Mr. Walford called to one or two of the men and prepared to follow him. A pretty room with soft white draperies, the afternoon sunshine falling in long bars of light through the Venetians which shaded the windows on the oarpctless floor. From the open glass door might be seen, like a picture framed in the passion vine that oovered the veranda, the garden sloping to the creek, and beyond a long glade merging into the forest. On suoh a soene did Arthur L'Eetrange's eyes open as he woke to consciousness for the first time after his adventure. On none of these things, however, did they rest, for seated in a light cane rocking-chair, her white dress a spot of light in the darkened room, a book lying un read on her knee, her gaze on the far-off hills, sat the girl whose face was ever present to him. " Monica," he said in a low tone. Monioa Grant rose quiokly and came towards Arthur, a glad light in her eyes. "You are better," she said, "I will call Auntie." " Don't go," he whispered, " is it really you? Where am I? What has happened?" "It is indeed I," said Monioa, "not my ghost as you seem to imagine." Then putting | her cool hand into his, " You have been lost in the bush," she added. "Jim found you last night, and brought yon here. Poor Jim! He has been so anxious that he is as oross as a bear." She was smiling, but her voioe trembled a little. As she turned her eyes fell on a blossom of desert pea in a glass close by. She shuddered, and Arthur's glance following hers rested on the weird scarlet flower. " Don't look at it," she cried, " its great blaok mocking eye frightens me," and taking the glass with her she left the room. One afternoon a few days later Monica was seated in the shady veranda, Arthur L'Estrange, who had quite recovered from the effects of his adventure, on the step at her feet. His blue eyes wore a look that was pleasant to see, as they turned from gazing on the ranges to rest on her faoe. "We may have to wait a little while," he said, breaking the silence whioh had lasted for a minute or two before. " That is no hardship when we are sure of each other," she answered with a little smile. " It shall not be for long," he said. Jim, who was approaching from the garden, turned quietly away as he saw them seated there. " She is the prettiest and nicest girl I have ever seen," he thought to himself, " and he is a good fellow. Well—God bless them." He went down to the creek, whistling softly, his hands in his pookets, but bis eyes, too, turned to the far away hills. 