TEE®: — — . THE EIGHT SORT." A KOMANC3 07 THE SHIRES. BY MRS. EDWARD KENNARD. CHAPTER XIV. — A Fsxend m NEED. By time-honoured custom the opening meet of Sir Beauchamp Lsnard's hounds "was invariably held at Stapleton. In olden days, during the life of the late lamented Squire, Stapleton Hall had been renowned for a eenerona hosnitnlitc- From i he richest to the poorest, people were liberally regaled, and nobody was ever sent empty away from the doors of the most popular and best-hearted fellow in the country. Such was the verdict of the public. But, alas ! life is fleeting, and in course of time this ex cellent gentleman was gathered to his fore fathers, and his eldest son, Duberly Stapleton, took up the reins of office. The latter cared tittle for sport, and, although a staunch pre server of foxes, seldom honoured the county hounds with his presence. Stapleton Hall was a fine old structure, built in the Gothic style of architecture. -It Stood ou an eminence, from which an extensive view of the surrounding country was obtain able. In a hollow immediately to the rear of the house lay a large piece of ornamental water, ou whose smooth surface a pair of stately, long- necked swans swam gently to and fro, turning their slender necks from side to side, while their white plumage gleamed like snow in the morning sun. From the left bank of this lake a well- timbered wood, known by the name of Stapleton Hillside, and intersected by many winding paths, rose steeply up, while in front of the residence an unbroken expanse of uud elating grass, not unlike the billows of the sea, presented itself to the eye. About three hundred yards beyGnd the bouse a degression in the" ground formed a sort of v;' / .y, from whose sides sprung a oouple of thickly gorged coverts several acres in extent. They were renowned as a veritable i stronghold of foxes, from which the " varmint" j was hard to dislodge ; but numerous as these were in point of numbers, and apparently fine, healthy, well-grown animals, it was a most un usual thing for a homebred Stapleton ever to do much more than vacillate between gorse and Hillside, until the patience of hounds, huntsman, and field fairly came to an end. All through the forenoon, directly a move was made, Reynard slunk hither and thither, at least half- a- dozen being on foot at one time, and the screeching, hooting, shouting, and galloping never ceased for one moment, to the intense delight of the swarms of foot people who m uie the opening meet an excuse for for saking their legitimate occupations, and taking a regular holiday. But when little by little the orowd began to disperse, and the Stapleton foxes h id once more fully sustained their un enviable reputation. Dick Siaut, the huntsman, byordfr of Sir Beauch∓, trotted the hounds Straightaway off to Maddington Gorse, from which place "a worthy yokel had just brought the welcome piece of intelligence that a fine old dog i ox had been viewed by himsBlf stealing up the wsrui and sheltered sides only a few minut. s previously. To Stirrup's intense con- eternaUou, KingOIat having during the pre ceding diy given utterance to one or two ominous-sounding coughs. Kate at the last minute had found herself obliged to fall back upon Grissette. Now all through the morning the grey had proved exceedingly fractious and irritable, refusing to stand still for one single second, anon plunging her head violently for- ! wards with an impatient jerk which almost ; dragged the reins out of Kate's hands, again ; .suddenly tossing it on high, till her face wasin > imminent danger. The short gallops hitherto indulged in between the gorse and the Hillside, 1 alternating with periods of prolonged inaction, had apparently a.onsed the marc's impetiioqa temperament to a dangerous point, and tendered her far from a pleasant mount. Added to this, 3lie displayed the still graver fault of lashing out in the gateways, so that having badly kicked an unoffendiisg quadruped that had pressed upon her more closely than she deemed advisable, Grisetta had quickly gained for herself a disagreeable notoriety, and was pointed out as ' that brute" by people who had been eye-witnesses of the transaction. When, therefore, directly hounds went into Maddington Gorse, the welcome "Tally ho! tally ho!" followed by a prolonged and de lighted screech of "Hark forrard! Gone «away!" reached her ears, Kate felt the proB- pect of a scurry, however short, to be a positive relief. One thing was certain, Grisette could not possibly behave worse, and the chances were m favour of some of her irritability sub- Siding, once hounds were fairly under weigh. At the first sounds of Dick Slant's horn, the held -started into sudden vitality, and galloped as usual for the most convenient gate. Aim ! it chanced to be securely bolted, and the work Of dismounting and heaving it off its hinges, owing to the extreme impatience of the crowd, PWved unusually long, several minutes of by arrangement with Ward, Lock, valuable time being thns unavoidably losti while people stood by and cursed and swore as if the most terrible calamity had happened, and tame very lives depended upon, the instantaneous removal of the unwelcome obstacle JSow im- mediately to the right stretched a very big but nevertheless jump able fence. It was a bit too big, however, at starting, when jumping Btill bore the charm of novelty, and practice had not as yet rendered seats secure and nerve con fident. ..The huntsman, though, coold not afford such considerations when his hounds were in full cry, so without more than a passing hesitation he charged the fence and got over, foil 3 wed by a Colonel Clinker on a grey home, who cleared the whole thing beautifully, and these two thus gained quite a fifty yards' start on the barricade division. Mounted on King Oiaforthe Duckling, for either of them in spired her with courage, Kate would have dearly liked to follow Buit, but it appeared de cidedly rash to attempt doing so on an untried animal, who so far had certainly not succeeded in makiug avery favourable impression on her mistress. There are occasions, however, when the actions are determined without voluntary effort, and this was one — at least so far as Kate was concerned — for while she was standing a little outside the crowd, fearful of Grisette's heels inflicting further injury, end waiting for the gate to be removed, the mare took the bit - between her teeth and pulling 1 like a demon, in a set resolute fashion which-de- fied any attempt at resistance, charged full tilt at the fence before Kate fairly realised what she was about. Finding herself absolutely power- less to control the animal's movements, she wisely desisted in her endeavours to do so, and thereby probably saved herself a fall. She sat perfectly still, gave Grisette her head, and the next minute with a crash and a smash which, sounded decidely alarming in the ears of a novice, and which sent the topmost twigs flying in every direction, the mare landed far into the next field. The noise of breaking branches caused Colonel Clinker to turn round in his saddle, and, when he perceived the girl, to cry out " Bravo !" approvingly. But seeing Kate safely over, and no harm done, he did not diminish his speed, for now the hounds were simply racing in their front across big grass pastures, pointing as if for Stornow, a thickly fenced ana very unuegotiable bit of country, which took a deal of doing, as Colonel Clinker had often found to his cost. In the large, moist fields the Radishes grew long and yellow, cling- ing to the horses' legs, reaching almost up to their hocks, and rendering it extremely difficult to avoid small cut drains which intersected them,, and which made riding fast a work of considerable danger, especially with an unimul not absolutely in hand ; but the pace was too great to.allow of hesitation. It really began to look as if they were in for a good thing, and as if for once scent was all that it ought to be. As __ they tore along, Kate's energies were entirely devoted to sitting far back in the saddle and preventing Grisette from running, away altogether. She was in that unpleasant posi tion when the consciousness of utter weakness, pitted against brute fores, presents itself to the mind. If the mare made the slightest false step they might break their necks together for all the power she retained of preventing any . such calamity. Still the situation was decidedly exciting, for now, close under Stornow village, the hounds made a sharp detonr to the right, which completely upset the calculations of the road and point riders, constituting the great bulk of the field, who by this manoeuvre were hopelessly thrown out, so that none but the im mediate followers were left in attendance on the flying beauties. Meanwhile Grisette was pulling like a mad thing, and Kate's face, from the exertion of endeavouring to hold her, re sembled a full-grown peony. Her arms ached and tingled from the sockets to the wrists, and worse than all, a tremulous dead sensation had begun to overtake them, depriving them of the little strength they still possessed. The fences, too, now came in rapid succession, oneafterthe other, almost as fast as they could jump them — big, fair flying fences, guarded by ditches, out of grass into grass — a magnificent country, but one that undoubtedly demanded a finish hunter. As she swept over, or rather through, each impediment in its turn, the utmost Kate could do was to keep the mare's head straight and trust to Providence, for Grisette had an : ugly way of chancing top-binders in s "nminq- i only to well-calculated to strike terror into the heart of her rider. Nevertheless, np till now, : inspired by the example of the good £tey horse ; in front, she held her own, despite sundry narrow escapes, and kept her place close in his wake. Grisette's faults were many, as ! Kate had not been long in discovering ; but the : most heinous one of refusing cornd not be numbered in the category of her shortcomings. The very sightof a fenee seemed to add to her; natural impetuosity, and though unpleasantly 1 chary of height, width presented no obstruction whatever. There was not much fear of hear leaving her hind legsiloundering in the ditch, so that after a bit, finding she got over some- i how, even though not quite so cleanly as she was in the h&bit; of jdoing, Kate grew tolerably accustomed to the mare's peculiar style of jumping, and became almost reconciled to the recurring sound of the breaking twigs as they flew before Grisette's forelegs like arrows shot from a bow. Her blood by this time was inu - glow, tear had lost its restraining influence, caution had fled to the winds ; her one idea, her one thought, was to keep near to that good grey at any hazard. Bather than lose a yard, she felt prepared to smash every bone in her body. The pace at winch they were going intoxicated her. Those who hunt themselves, having doubtless often realised the sensation, will recall times when they have ridden their very best under similar circumstances, and will sympathise with what less adventurous epirits might term this dare devil, foolhardy mood of thegirl's. - Colonel Clinker, on Snowflake, oncebeoome conscious that Kate Browser was following close In his footsteps, had several times turned round m the course of the ran and shouted to her to come fast or Blow, as the case might be, at any particular fiance, sad during these brief glapce he perceived that in spite of Kate's cpsrd good horsemanship, Grisette Ju'rijmpletely overpowered her miatressud'was far from )v>ing a «affl conveyance But there was little time for reflection. Since they had left Stornow, the hatihds had oerertettpred for aseooncU lift flown along w«h a breast-high scent. Tory tew were witiitfiem. Dusk Slant, the huntsman, and Colonel Clinker cut oat the work, the latter with Kate hi attendance, And behind them not more than a dozen horsemen, each riding his hardest, with ey®B eagerly bent on the racing pack, that, in a compact body, , streamed on, on, on, without a straggler or laggard among the number, in stem and terrible silence. The yokel --had been right when he testified to Maddington Gorse holding a good old dog- fox, Who had brought them aiongln a style not often seen, even in the crack hunting eounty of Great Britain. But now Fug seemed to change his point, and again bore away to the right. The pace began to tell upon him, as well as upon the horses, and he Bought a convenient refuge, leaving the sound and springy turf which hitherto he had closely . adhered to, and making for the difficult country aU round abont Shopper ton, a village con spicuous by a solitary windmill standing on a big round hill, which formed a landmark to the snrronnding neighbourhood. The fences here were regular "man traps," guarded on one or either side by stiff wooden rails, com monly called " oxers."" Two ploughed fields, heavy and binding, now lay in front of the pursuers, the first of them being separated from the arable land by a tall and uncommonly hairy bullfinch. Dick Slant pulled his clever hunter up to a trot, and after some persuasion and jobbing in the mouth, managed to bore a way through, and then pop off the bank over the ditch on the far side, and the well-trained Snowflake did likewise. It was eminently a a place where a good steady horse showed to advantage, but it was useless asking Grisette to go slowly or to double. She rushed at the bullfinch in her usual wild wild manner. The reins were torn out of Kate's hands, amfshe herself nearly dragged off backwards. Never theless, she got over safely, though in xather a sorry plight. Her hat was battered in, and a Bharp thorn Jiad caught her face, and scratched it to such an extent that the blood flowed freely. "The brute!" said Colonel Clinker indig nantly, as he saw the red drops making their slow way down her disfigured cheek. " Why on earth does she want to go a thousand miles an hour at everything she comes across !" " That's just what I can't tell you," gasped Kate, applying her pocket-handkerchief to the injured part. " All I know is, it's exceedingly unpleasant." But they had no time for further talk, for. the hounds, though running rather more slowly, were still advancing steadily over the sticky clay fallows. Now there are certain horses who can not get along at all in heavy, wet soil. Even animals that are very decent stayers on the top of the ground collapse altogether when their hoofs sink fetlock -deep in the Eoft earth. Directly they entered the plough, Grisette began to labour and falter in her stride. She stretched her head forwards, the white foam lathered the reins like soap-snds, while the mare's mane hung damp and straight in steaming wisps upon her dripping neck. She had clearly shot her bolt, and now dropped heavy on the hand, although she'eeased pulling and snatching at the bridle. As they crossed the second of the two ploughed fields she sub sided from a gallop to a canter, from a canter to a feeble lurching trot. Still it would never do to stop with the pack now well ahead, and Kate determined to straggle on to the end, cottte qui couie, She was by no means insensible _ to the danger of riding a beaten animal, only she could not bring her self to cease following the hounds when up till now she had held so good a place and enter tained such a pleasant consciousness of having gone really well. Nevertheless, what bat a few short minutes ago, in spite of Grisette's little eccentricities, had appeared to her the summit of human enjoyment, gradually assumed a painful and alarming nature. She began to speculate on the probable duration of the run, and devoutly wished for its prompt termination, or at least a prolonged and highly welcome check. If something did not happen, and that soon, she would be forced mlem voletts to give in, for to feel that ' wretched Grisette sobbing and labouring under her, to see the limp neck and distended nostril, to hear the catching breath and palpitating heart;, ' going ; like a sledge-hammer, to watch the convulsive jerkings of the quivering tail, and the spas modic hearings of the panting flank, had become both pitiful and vexatious in the middle of a good ran. Fortunately there was grass once more ahead, and only a small straggly : fence intervening between it and the plough. : With a faltering leap, followed by a real bad ; peck and a desperate struggle to regain her' footing, Grisette got over it, bearing, away, on! her moistbrowthe marks of mother earth. . \ "That was a near thing," thought Kate.! However, a miss is as good as a mile, according ! to the old saying." Her spirit rose witlrin her in spite Of this i mishap, for she hoped that the light going, added to some judicious nursing on her part, might succeed in polling the mare through after all. But these hopes were destined to be of very short duration, for to her dismay about a oouple of hundred yards off loomed an immense stake-and-hound fenee, newly trimmed, with a binder running all along the top as thick as a man's arm, and apparently ten tnou- .jsand times more unyielding— -an obstacle, even on the fittest and freshest of horses, entitled to great respect. Colonel Clinker, when he saw it in the distance, took a pull at Snowflake and waited for Kate to come np almost alongside. " For heaven's sake," he said in a voice fall of apxiety, " take care what you are about! Your mare's dead beat, and I don't half like your going at it." " I can't possibly show the white feather now," came the answer -between her set teeth. "At all events," he said, "let me go first. There's just a chance of_ Snowflake's carrying away the binder, or making a hole somewhere. Put the mare steadily at the fence and keep her well in hand, for she's bound to scramble terribly." Bat the gallant Snowflake for onoe failed to satisfy his. master's aspirations. He collected himself for an effort ana flew the obstacle, fife 'a bird, with at least a foot to reare -Were was Kttle fear of his bringing topMaders away. So great, however, was jCSofiaael Clinker's anxiety that he palled Jrimbaelc almost tira standstill, in order ibuthe might watch how Kate fared, the mare on by heel and voioe, the' girl rode bravely at the fenee; but even before Grisette took off sheknew for -certain they were hound to oome to grief. There was no answer ing raponBe to her call, no elasticity of motion or willmgnesB of spirit, nothing but a dis heartening reluctance to proceed, A horrible crash, a violent fall, a recollection 1 of the mare rolling backwards and forwards over her body, followed by the death-like feeling of a heavy crushing weight pinning her to the ground, were Kate's immediate sensa tions. For too beat to attempt rising from the ' place where she had fallen, Grisette laid on the helpless girl, granting with terror, every now ana then hitting out with her hind legs, which momentarily threatened to dash the head of her uufortunate rider to pieces. Each minute it seemed as if the deadly iron hoofs must prove fatal. " Good God!" exclaimed Colonel Clinker, hastening to dismount. 4 I never -saw a worse fall in my life ; she willbe kilfod,#) a certainly. Here, one of you fellows," he said to a couple of men who had just come np, " hold my homo, will you? There is not a minute to be lost. We must get her away somehow." His fa oe was; ghastly, with not a vestige of ooloar left in it; stiil hia presence of mind did not desert him. in any emergency he was quick to decide-upon a course of action, and he saw at a glance that owing to the danger of Grisette kicking out yet more violently, it would be useless attempting to draw Kate's prostrate body from under her by main strength. Tne best ohanoe appeared to be to get the mare on her legs as quickly and as quietly as pos sible. The risk might be great, but it must be run, there was no help for it. "The brute will struggle," he said. " However, it's a case of kill or cure, and we can only act for the best. Delay can do no good." Kate in her dangerous position heard the words. " You are right," she said, looking at him with a faint smile. " Delay can do no good, and I promise to keep as stall as a mouse." The relief of hearing her speak these few words and of knowing she retained her senses was so immense that it lightened half the load of care weighing on Jack Clinker's heart. " That's right," he said more cheerily. 44 Trust to us, and all will come well yet. We shan't let any harm happen to you if we can help it." She tried to answer, but her face paled sud- denly, as just then GfiBette gave a fresh struggle, and the iron hoofs missed her head by the eighth of an inch. " Bless the girl!" said Colonel Clinker to himself, " what a good plucked 'un she is, to be sure ! She has never screamed once, al though I fearshe must be in great pain." And he was right, though she would have scorned any outward expression of the fact, for . her breath came hard and slow, and a sickly sensation was stealing over her. To be so near a sadden and awful death, to realise all its terrors in that first swift, overpowering im pulse of physical fear and human weakness common to mankind, was an experience not lightly to be encountered even by the bravest. Kate did not call out or faint, but in those few moments when she lay under Grisette she lived a.lifetime. Suffering, retrospection, memory, hopes and doubts were all condensed in that brief period. Like in a mirror, the actions Of her girlhood presented themselves to her mind — her dear dead uncle, the old home, Herbert, Maggie, Mary Whitbread, and a host of con fused thoughts. How was it that the life she had often professed to disdain appeared so Sweet at the first prospect of losing it ? Why did she suddenly cling to it with such a strange tenacity, when one good blow of Grisette's hoofs eonld so easily put an end to earthly straggles ? She could not have told, or given herself any satisfactory reason for tbis change of feeling, which at twenty- two was only thoroughly natural, being but the strong vitality of youtn rebelling against possible death. . Meantime several people flocked round the spot where disaster hod taken place, for bod as human nature is represented, there are always a certain number of folks ready if an accident occurs, even when hounds are running hard, to give up their own immediate enjoyment and come to the assistance of their less fortunate fellow-creature. Perhaps the consciousness that one good turn deserves another, and that their own time may be near at hand, has some thing to do with the truly Samaritan spirit which unquestionably exhibits itself in the hunting-field. A man who will jump on you almost as soon as look at you will nevertheless often give np a good ran in case of an emer gency arising. Colonel Clinker, aided by several kindly volunteers, now seized Grizetto by the head and flank, mid with all his force attempted to ruse her from the ground. Twice she made a sort of half effort, and twice, her legs seeming to slip from under her, she rolled back on the giri ; bat at the third essay, and after a short though desperate scramble, during which Colonel Clinker held up Grisette's neck with an iron grasp, Bhe managed once more to regain her footing, and stood on all fours, snorting and shaking like an aspen-leaf. Kate lay per- fectly still, for the two last rolls had. cruBned fcer sorely. . " Are yon terribly hurt ?" asked Jack Clinker fearfully, bending over the prostrate form. "Dear me! she is insensible?" he added in alarm, when no immediate answer was forth coming. . His words and anxious perturbed face braced Kate to fresh effort. " No, I'm not," she answered bravely, though her lips quivered as she spoke. " At least," correcting herself, for she had never tolt as she did now, and was not very sore what might happen next, " at least, not quite, I shall be better in a little, I dare say." " Ah, the brute rolled right over yon several times. However, I hope you will feel more like yourself in a few minutes. You've had an ugly shaking." " Thanks, ' she replied. " You're all so kind to me, and I hate myself for making suet an absurd fuss, but I think I shall do now." She tried to raise herself upon her elbow as she spoke, but the movement caused such dis comfort she was glad to desist from the effort. ' Give her a drop of brandy," suggested one. " Undo her habit," said_ a second/ ' Loosen her collar," advised a third. " Cat her stay- lace," hazarded a fourth. " Stand her up," exclaimed a nttn ignorant hut well-intentioned onlooker. " " Do nothing of the sort, gentlemen," said Colonel Clinker decidedly. " Let the lady have plenty of air, and don't all crowd round her together. She wants to be left quite still for a bit, and allowed to remain where she is a few minutes until she comes round. In fact," he added, with a keener insight into Kate's probable wishes than was possessed by fhe rest of the assembled company, " I hardly know if it is necessary -to detain you any longer. It's a pity of you ail to lose your sport, «n4-J remain with the young lady. X fe»i sure she would rather you lost no more iBU." "Oh, yes!" interrupted Kate, " it mth me quite unhappy that so many people should have their fun spoilt on my account. Please €»" Thus admonished, one by one the little crowd dispersed, until Jack Clinker was the sole member of it left. " I wish you'd go too," said she, directly they found -themselves alone, with a remnant of her old pride. " I've been quite bother enough as it is, and I daresay Stirrup will ap pear before very long. I don't the least mind being left alone, and I can't bear the idea of yonr not seeing the finish of so good a run." 44 Hounds are miles away bv this time," he answered indifferently, 44 and though I admit it was a good ran, it is by no means the first, and, please God, by na means the last I /flau take part in. So don't vex yourself qhont tw Tm not altogether such a seJn Bavage leave a lady all by heif m circumstances like the present." fle hesitated for one moment, and then added, 44 especially von." She could not have told why, but his answer orerted hCT. She had begged him to leave nec. but at the same tune aba bad nat wsuaiai ijiirf i|r 1" ii i hiss togo.andnowhs AoWmeflilhatoteatiom of quitting her so paiMfifrtwigy she do sfrted from any farther imsrtuftio. " You ore very goad," oho ostd ofioa more, 44 and I suppose you wifl tekeyoar own way. whatever I urge to the contrary." 44 Way ? Why, of course, I shall ; I'm used to having my own way in ereiything, as you'll soon find out, " hs ahswered 'cheerily. His ad miration for her cool courage eras rising fast. At that moment all thoagbt of fox qamf hounds' had vanished from his mind. His next action was to take off his redcoat, roll it Into a ball, and place it under the gici'e head. 44 There, that's better, is it not ?" he wrid. " a sort of pillow. Do you feel cold at -ail? I wish to goodness I had something to throw over you and keep you warm. After all I was a fool sending those fellows off in snoh a hurry, but I began to bs afraid they might annoy you. They mean well, hut ' have not a bit of tact." 44 I'm very glad you did," she said with a smile. 44 Some of their suggestions were posi tively alarming. But won't you catch cold without any coat ?" That Bimple act had touched her woman's heart, and predisposed her mor more in his favour than all that had gone before. It testified to a chivalrous and kindly nature. u Not L Do you think I'm barley-sugar to melt in the sun or the rain, fsnffie case may be? But we must not let you stay- here too long, for there & such a thing as rheumatism in this world. Do you think you could get up now if I were to help you a little ? Don't be in any hurry, unless you fod inclined, only perhaps it may be wise to make us effort." " FH try/' she said, submissively, 44 1 feel mh better than I did a little while ago." 4 Capital ! The quiet has done you good after all! I have had so many falls of one sort and another myself that I know from ex perience what a relief it is, when one is knocked out of time, to be allowed to lie still for a minute or two. Officious friends either can't or won't understand that fact, and give you no peace until they have hauled you on to your horse again. Often and often have I wished them all a hundred miles away." 44 Talking of horses,, What has become of my unfortunate steed? Has she broken her neck or runaway." _ 44 Neither, though the former would bat have served her right for her misdemeanours. She's not very far off, or likely to wander in hei present condition." The Honorable Jack cart an indignant glance over his shoulder at the unconscious authoress of Kate's misfortunes, who, tied to a gate-post, side by side with the good old Snowflake, looked exceedingly wretched and forlorn bespattered with mud from head to tail, the crutches of her saddle all dented in, and hei coat, stiffening rapidly from the cold air super vening on lavish perspiration. 44 The beast !" exclaimed he, eyeing her with marked disfavour. 44 1 should lire to shoot hei on the spot." 44 Don't be so bloodthirsty. What did poor Grisette do to encompass our downfall, for really I hardly know ?" 44 1 will tell you easily enough. She nevei made the ghost of an effort, or rose one single inch, but just galloped straight into the fence, caught the binder with her Meet, and turned a complete somersault into the field, A pretty ladyB hunter !" 44 Now, I won't have you abuse my property, It's not good manners ; besides, remember, th« poor thing was dead beat, and really was nof so much to blame after aU, We seemed to me to have been galloping tremendously fast, and I don't somehow te'ufc- she's muoh of a stayer. She did not give me the impression.' 44 That I can easily believe, for those tearing, rushing brutes generally do pull themselves out in something under twenty minutes, and once they begin to blow-it's nil up. They ride like a lamp of lead for the rest of the day. I don't tumble to that dare Of animal. Nina times out of ten they're ocft, showy, and cowardly. As for Grisette — that is name, is it not ?— you ought hotter give her a chance of repeating her ill -conduct in thefuture. Yon stuck to her like a brick, and rode awfully well, but take my word for it, she's not a note animal for any lady to hunt." ... 44 She has her faults, Xdmttr but perfection is terribly hard to fiud, either in human beings or in horseflesh. Such at least is my experi ence." She had succeeded in assuming a sitting position, but still felt unequal to the task of remounting or standing upright. It was, therefore, with some relief she saw Colonel Clinker's second horseman now appear oik the'soene, who touching his hat respectfully, as if not altogether sure his presence might not be considered incompatible with certain orders he had received erstwhile, said in a half- apologetic, half-explanatory sort oi way — 44 Beg pardon, sir ! bntformer Smith 'efetold ma as 'ow you was a-staying behind with a lady as 'ad met with a bad h&ccideai;, and I took the liberty of riding Hop&l; put of the way back again to see if I could render any aestitanci, I 'ope I acted right, sir." 44 Quite right4" answered his master, in tones of unqualified approbation, though -the chances were on any other oeoasioa poor Leatherdale might have received a severe reprimand for this breach of discipline. " An&npw;, Leather- dale, attend to what I say. I want yon to go straight to the inn and t&lthem; to bring a trap immediately, and to wait at the ohms -read for Granny until i turn up. H on know the place I mean, don't you ?" 44 Yes, sir. well nigh upon the oldish-post afore you come to the seventh |j»htoae. " 44 Exactly; and Leathertote, don't forget ti ask for the loan of «&awi; or wares wrap ed some sort orjnfc®r. The young lady is sure to fed chilly altera bit, when the reaction sets in. If they make any bother about leading it, you can mention my name and giye them half-, crown. Do you understand what I wont ?" 44 I'm to order a trap andherrewa shawl, u£l tell 'em to wait till you eome, sir." 44 That's it, and Leatherdale," turning ta speak with the man aside, <0 that Kate -might .not overhear his final ui junctions — "ite as well to be on the saie ride. If you Should happen to meet Miss Browser's groom da the way, or any. one going in thedireotionef Fosfogtoa. ask hirq to call at Dr. Baker's and leave a message Say ing his services will be reqaired at fport Lodge in about an hour's time. I fear there maybe some broken bones to set," 44 'Deed, sir! Fm sorry to hear that, sir ',H said Laatherdale with ready sympathy as he rode off to do his master's bidding, determinp< after the manner of his kind) that the of Miss Browser's accident shou. rrion'bttt "2 XV.— A F&dssB; ts Need. As soon as he had gone, OolOnel Glihker -said to Kate in a voice of qniet authority : 44 And now we must get you to your feet You have lain on that damp ground quite long enough, and will derive no more benefit from keeping still. Can you rise by yourself, or shall I help you?" J Kate shook her head, and declined asristenoS in her curiously independent way, but only to find a moment later, whan aha abruggled uo.wlll; , anfl she cfould not. ppBsibly do-withoutwd. . m .1 ' For one insaiit wtt6Mg Mfl b ins to aid froiike-a, helpless reed in the wiodj then suddeffiythe- green: fields, Grisette, w Sake. Colonel Clinker, seemed to swim before her eyeB. a sickly faintness stole over herframe, and she would have fallen had_not Ja supported her in his arms. She could just feel them strong but gentle clasp, and then she t aonsciousness. Hem eyes closed, and iimWy the small head, with its crushed and battered pot hat, sank on his broad shoulder as on a PAteUi<mt gleam lit up J«k Clinker's frank blue eves when he felt Kate's weight. As he held her for once, as if indeed she were his very »wn, a swift, strange thrill of delight shot through his being. With her pale scratched face, dishevelled hair, and blue hps .she moved him more than any woman had hitherto don e in his whole life bafore. It was the same feelinjg he had experienced the night of Mrs F f dinner-party, bnt how it returned with twofold itrengun He took out his silver flask, forced brandy through the girl's set teeth, and waited wxiously for the symptoms of returning life. Gradually a faint tinge of colour, like the hlushof a white rose, flickered back into her (heeks, and the beautiful lashes which hid the Kiev eves curled themselves upwards. At first |er look was vague and wandering, bat as tittle by little the brain began to reassert ite power, a rosy finish suffused her whole counten- "Iam better now," she said, freeing herself from his aims. 41 1 can't think what .made . me 30 silly. I have never fainted until to-day. He let heir go directly,' but even then Che gould not stand alone. He held outrhis hand - that powerful, manly hand she had noticed and liked before. - - ' 44 Will you not takeit?" he said with a halt smile. " You are proud, but you see you can not do-without toe altogether.' She put her small palm in his, and he led her like a little child to the place, some few yards distant, where the two horses were standing tied together. , _ . „ . a if yon could manage to sit on Urisetteror a hundred yards or so," he-said gently, 14 just till we get to the road- and meet the trap, I think it would be. better for you than walking. Will von mind my lifting you up ?" "No," she said simply. It was a strangely sweet and strangely novel - lensation to who fpr so many years had been accustomed to take the lead, to decide and act alone, to find someone who could do these thingB for her. It seemed pleasant to be pro fcected and cared for, especially when she was Buffering. Many men might have taken ad vantage of the situation, might have made their kindness felt as a matter calling for gratitude ; but he. did everything so quietly and so naturally that she could hut accept nis services in the same spirit in Which they were rendered. 44 Do not he afraid,' he said, whenhe_ had lifted her on the mare. . 44 1 will lead Grisette with one hand and hold you with the other in case you should feel giddy. Let me know if it hurts you moving." He walked by her side in silence, but though the motion of the animal sent a sharp catchy pain to her heart, and made her grow hot and lold by turns, Bhe shut her lips firmly over her white teeth, determined no sound of complaint should escape them.. She could not bear that be should think her a coward, and so at length they reached the roadside, where, to their no small joy, an open pony-chaise stood in readi ness awaiting their arrival. 44 And now," said Colonel Clinker to the man in charge, " I proposes driving the young lady home, provided, yoii -can manage to ride the grey and lead the mare hack. They are both pretty well tired out, and will be as quiet as sheep." So saying he helped Kate into the vehicle, propped her .up with, the cushions of the seats, and after tucking a couple of shawls round her, seated himself in the empty, place by her side, .and taking up the reins drove off at a good smart trot. 44 The sooner we get. home the better, " he < said, ." and as fke.tfap only holds two, i thought _ .perhaps.it might b&pleasauter; on the whole for , "youtnat I should, come instead of the .man, who wouldjnot h&ye; known what steps to take kad ynu tuxncdfasnteagain on the/way." He deemed it necessary- to make this ex planation, although he did not deem it necessary to tell her how reluctant he felt to part from her, -at least until he was assured she was in good hands. 44 You are very kind and considerate,7' she said in reply. "X did not know men were so thoughtful." She was not going to tell him either how completely the arrangement satisfied her. After all, it was only natural to prefer his society to that of the inn-proprietor from Shepperton. 44 Ahl I forgot; Your estimation of our sex is extremely poor. Well, no matter — all the more reason for me to endeavour to raise it." 44 Did you think -that when— when — " she began eagerly, but checked herslf as suddenly. She was thinking, 44 when you made the bet." 44 When what?" he said, seeking for an ex planation. 44 Oh, no matter; only something that just \- happened td strike me." 44 Won't you tell me what it was ?" 44 No, thank you :. I'd rather not, especially as the thought recalled a highly disagreeable recollection." Her tone had become cold and her manner frigid. . " Vhatcasel apologise for my curiosity," he replieaptvWjjBing into silence. "So you abn't-pprove of Grisette?" she said presently, after a ptolonged pause. 44 Do you know, I'm afraid vou'retatW vindictive." No. Approve . of her ? I should t-hinir not Confound the brute ! She's a real bad 'uu." 44 Now, once again I say, don't abuse my belongings ; it's not polite.". 44 Truth veryseldbm is. How long has she been in your -possession ?" 44 About two or three months. I was let in by a friend. Friends have a way of doing those pleasant little things at times." 44 Yes, if you call them friends. I don't. I wish I could lay claim, however, to being one, : so that Imight ask a favour at your hands." 44 Is friendship the sine qua non which renders i requests admissible she asked maliciously.' i" Are they not often .proffered wirhout any particular intimacy on either side ?" 4 4 That speech,- is, I Suppose, intended to . remind me of being without the pale. Thank yqu, Miss Browser. You have a candid'manner C?'l>iitiI1g thing8ughly calculated to impress people a sense of your honesty." 44 And yofi dt gapping up one's words and hot understanding chaff. What is this favour you ask ?" 44 Simply that you promise ms sever to ride Grisette again." 44 Indeed ! Atn I -to show the white feather merely because she has given me a fall? That would be cowardly." " No, not because she has given you a fall, but because she is" a mad, headetrong, soft brute, not worth her keep. Will you promise ?" 44 But I can put Stirrup on her," said she, equivocating. " She'd do nicely to jog about the roads on," "Vary niceW, jSlm'wbnldjnotpbll Stimip'a ajmsoffjIsuppcofruhuway,<¥r.gqheadldi, 44 Now, doiiit Bp sarcastic. IfGrisette s not fit forme to ride sWs nott for poor \dear old 'Stirrup. But howain. I to getrid Of her? 44 Easily .enough. Make a chop with Phipps or some respectable dealer. Depend upon it, the first loss is always the smallest in cases of this sort- There's no extravagance so ruinous in the end as that of sticking to a bad gee." He was charmed at gaining even this con cession, fcr he honestly only desired her welfare, i A pity he could not leave matters as they were —a pity that some foolish instinct prompted htm to bend over her and say , in a soft, persuasive voice — 44 Will you think it over to— to— please tne ?" It was the first indiscretion he had committed —the first speech which deprived her of her sense of ease. Mrs. Forrester had warned her of his being a flirt. Had he already begun to practice on her ? Or was he gradually smoothing the road for that ultimate proposal he had backed himself to make ? 44 No. oertainlv not," Bhe said curtly. 44 If I think of selling Grisette at all it will be to please myself, not other people ; and excuse my saying so, but do you not consider I ought to be the beat judge of my own affairs ?" No snub could have been more direct. His face flushed as he answered haughtily — 44 Certainly, Miss Brewser. I regret I should have been so foolish as to display the slightest interest, in them. Henceforth I will studiously guard against any recurrence of the fault." - - 'He flicked the pony sharply , with the whip, , and settleddown into, a- gloomy silence She felt sorry for having for having produced thiB result, and after a bit endeavoured to resume the conversation. , What a lovely afternoon it has turnedout," shesaid, after a' quarter of an hour had elapsed, during which not a word bad been uttered, : No answer." , Colonel Clinker pretended to be absorbed in a profound contemplation of the surrounding landscape. 44 The country about here looks good for hunting,'7 she said, wishing more and more as they neared home to make her peace, and feel ing conscious of having ill-requited his kindness and attention. 44 Do you often run this way with hounds ?" 44 Sometimes.7' 44 The fences look very big about here." 44 Bather." 44 1 suppose most people don't jump them, but stick to the roads r" 44 Yes." 44 How much farther are we from Foxington ? Far?" 44 No." She looked up into his face. It was very gloomy and stern. She put her hand on his arm for one second, and said with a pretty, penitent smile — 44 Won't vou tell me how far ? I hate mono syllabic replies. They're bo very unsatisfactory — give one no information whatever." His brow relaxed a little though he answered coldly— 44 Foxington is quite close. You will see it when we pass the next bend in the road. We are just home." Sne made no reply for a few seconds. She was cogitating an unwonted act of grace. They drove through the town, past the church, up the hill, then in at the gate of Sport Lodge. Another minute and it would be too late. She turned her head away and stored at the scanty laurels which flourished ill among the clay soil. 4' Colonel Clinker," she said in a low voice, 44 I'll promise not to ride Grisette again if you wish: it. I was wrong to speak r>s I did, and I believe you had only my interest at heart." It cost her a great effort, but nevertheless she felt easier when it was over. Her words sur prised him so much that the old staid pony was actually suffered to fall into a walk. He lookedher straight in the face, with one keen - inquiring glance. - 4 '.Thank you,'' he said,. That was all, but from the tone of his voice she kne w he was pleased, and that she had nof. suffered in .his .good opinion. 44 Are we friends, again then ?" she asked softly _ ; . .. . . 44 1 didnotknowyou ever considered us as such, MisB Brewser." 44 Never mind what you 4 did not know.7 After the great kindness you have shown me . this afternoon, I should be sorry not to part amicably. We can resume our differences, if necessary on some future occasion.77 44 1 devoutly hope, then, that it may not prove necessary. Might not 4 our differences,7 as you call them, be buried altogether ?' Kate, however, was saved from making any answer tothis question by the appearance of Mary Whithread, followed by Dr. Bater. 44 Oh, Kate!" she said. 44 What is the matter ?" 41 Nothing very serious, I hope, only I've made rather an idiot of myself, and given Colonel Clinker no end of trouble,77 answered the girl. 44 1 wish you would not mention that part of the business," he said. 44 Don't you remember a certain bargain we made not so long ago ?" 44 1 really am ashamed to say Fve quite for gotten it." 44 Why, that I was to be allowed to pick you up whenever you came to grief.'7 44 Ah, yes, of course. Little did I think how soon your assistance would be required." 44 And now, Kate," said Mary Wbitbread, when between them she had been helped into the hall, 44 you must come upstairs at once, and let Dr. Baker pronounce upon your condition. We cannot allow you to stand talking here any longer.'7 44 Good bye, then," she said to Colonel Clinker with a smile. 44 You see I'm under marching orders.'7 She put out her little hand fzonkly, and he pressed it in his own. 1,4 Good-bye, Miss Brewser. I hope you will soon get well. May I be allowed to wait until the doctor issues his bulletin ?" 44 Certainly, if you car to take so much trouble." <4I do care to," and then he turned away and went and sat by himself in the small cosy drawing-room. It seemed a perfect age before any one appeared to relieve his anxiety. He took in every detail of the apartment— the poqkSj the work,' toe flo,Wers,' evety little sign that betrayed the presence of ladies. He turned oyer Kate's photograph- book, . and critically examined a faded- likeness which represented that young lady, in short frock and shaggy hair, at the age of fifteen. . " What a trump she is;" he thought to him- ' self, as he recalled the adventures of the after noon. First, haw she had followed him fence for fence all through the earlier part of toe run, going straight as a die, without any pause or hesitation; next how, riding a beaten horse, she had gamely struggled to toe bitter end ; and lastly, when the crowning disaster arrived, she bad shown conspicuous courage, and never lost her presence .of mind and self-control for a minute. She sad roused his admiration as much as she commanded his respect. He was till sitting there poring over the photograph in an abstracted maimer when Br. Baker re-ap peared. 14 Weil i" he said, rubbing hifi chubby pink :hnhd8 tpgBther with pa . : 'bring gooanews. The yoUng lady «f t« ««B hot fco seriduslyhurt as we uhagmsd, and there - ato no bones broken. ' Her ribs naye been badly kshsbed, which'; accounts for _the pain m breathing; A week's test will, I hope, wonders. I have recommended her to keep in bed for toe next twenty -four hoars, but U: a goes well, I know no reason why a fortmgn Bhould not se8 her in toe saddle again. »n appears to have an excellent constitution ana plenty of pluck, two very desirable but oiten missing qualities in a patient." „ , _ 44 Oh yes, she has plenty of pluck ; I can answer for that. Most women in her place would have made a terrible to-do, but she never uttered a single complaint." That night Jack Clinker's slumbers were very nneasy, frequently disturbed _ by crushing sounds and the vision of straggling horses ana sweet girl faces. The latter haunted him until the small hours of the morning, when at length he gained repose. . Miss Palliser heard of Kate's accident, as a matter of course, and when Bhe heard of it she remnrlred with vise to everv member of the hunting field — 44 Ah, poor thing! Just what one would expect. No judgment and no notion of riding. But there, very likely it will do her good, and by the time she has been brought back in a cart onoe or twice more, perhapB she may begin to settle down and go like a Christian," which speech being interpreted meant that Kate had again shown Miss Palliser the way, and aroused in her a fierce and bitter jealousy not lightly .to be quenched. New ladies invariably pro voked hostile feelings, but a yoimg and good- looking one who dared to cut Miss Palliser out was especially to be condemned. Insignificant ones might be tolerated, - but not those who aspired to distinguish themselves in that hunt ing field of which Miss Palliser considered her self the queen. (TO "RE continued;) 