Those interested in the progress of mallee settlement cannot be otherwise than gratified at the success of the conference of municipal bodies and vermin boards interested in the mallee country, which sat last week, and the favor with which Mr. M'Lean, the Minister for Lands, received a subse quent deputation ; and we are told that he is sympathetic. Not only the Government, but the colony generally, recognises the necessity for opening up the mallee country, practically locked up by the adoption of the Mallee Committee's report — a report which, to say the least of it, was en tirely founded against evidence — and intended to meet the views of the few as against the many. The Govern ment thought to stop the transfer of mallee leases, and thus deal a death blow to the monopolist and land speculator. No doubt, to a certain extent, the object was consummated ; hut instead of there being thousands of acres of mallee land offered to the public by large holders, about seven men were created monopolists of the whole of the saleable mallee land, and so were in a position to obtain prices which, considering what it cost them, were exorbitant. As was stated by Mr. Lascelles before the Railways Standing Committee, through block- holders disposing of the mallee land in small agricultural holdings, the State benefited by the increased rentals, whilst if blockholders were compelled to keep the land, the State for some 10 or 12 years would only get the minimum rental, which they leased it under, having the impression thatit was valueless, and being vermin infested was a burden to the State. The ac tion which brought about the inter ruption to settlement was but a " dog in the manger" one, for the State COUld DOC iififunl to resume tlic -wLolo of if; simply because the Treasury funds at disposal would not meet the demands for compensation necessary, and the quickest way to place settle ment on the land was and is to allow the unrestricted transfer of mallee leases, which would have the effect of almost ridding Melbourne of its un employed thousands, besides increas ing the Government revenue by the increased rentals from small holders. Mr. M'Lean's sympathy is purely personal, and we think he is earnst in liis desire to assist us, but it is evident that as a Minister of the Croyn he wants to be on the winning side; hence his somewhat unique reply to the deputation which asked for more permanent settlement, '' You get a " majority in the House to favor the " policy, and I will do the rest." The remarks of a contemporary on this reply of Mr. M'Lean's are very per tinent, and with tbern we fairly coin cide. Here they are : — » What the " country needs in the Legislature is " intelligence and patriotism, and what " it obtains is more and more becom- " ing a popularity hunting which " alternately reduces the so-called "leaders to timidity and hurries them "into excesses. . . . And now " when the Government could develop "our resources and add to our ex- " ports, could provide easy and profit- " able work for the unemployed by a " reasonable mallee policy, it is shiver- " ill the wind, whining to the members "who approach it. You are quite " right, we know that, but you do not " assure us about the majority. And " this attitude is taken, raoitgii tne " Opposition is not strong in numbers. "... - The Government sees " what ought to be done in the mallee. " From the lowest point of view, that " of seeming its own position, we " would urge upon it to fry the policy " of doing what is right." To do what is right is only to place the far mers on the mallee, and if restrictions are withdrawn private individuals will soon do this. It is but a faddist's objection that the large leaseholders will make too much oat of the land if " free traffic" is allowed, and the quickest and cheapest way to the State is to grant the present requests, and i Mr. M'Le&n; to follow his own convic tions and induce Parliament to allow the lessees to place the farmers on the land. | In our advertising columns it is inti- ' mated that Messrs, Blake and BiggalL solicitors, Melbourne, have been appointed attorneys under power to take proceedings against any person infringing Messrs. Andrew Usher and C«.'< Labels or the Trade Marks of I heir whiskies. The O.Y.G. and Special Reserve qnalities, which are the only ones now shipped to market, have been so much adulterated by unscrupulous vendors of late, that this warning has become necessary forjthe pro tection of the public. The proprietors of the brands hold the largest stocks of Whisky in the United Kingdom, and are therefore justly entitled to the large amount of popularity they have always throughout the world. Consistency in quality can always be relied on and to drinkers of tins pleasant stimulant, we cati congdepfty recommend ' Usher's' to those who (fosfr# u jgutured spirit. The flying survey now taking levels for the continuation of the Macorna chanuel "iutd the mallee had completed their work as fir as Korrak Korrak last week, and we understvud will after com pleting this survey, take Lvels from a point on the Little Murray, and when those are complete the Water Supply de- partment'.vill consider ills supply for the Eastern mallee. Civilian members of the rifle club atten ded at the butts on Saturday last, and put in their musketry firing course for the current year. Other members are re-, minded i h it unless they complete their course before the 30th inst. they will lose all privileges for the year. The A.X.A. Dramatic Club are still carefully rehearsing the drama " Tell Nights in a Bar-room," which is to he played in the Mechanics' lustiiuts on Friday evening next for the benefit of the Swan Hill Hospital. The members of the committee are disposing of a large number of tickets, and tbe plan of the reserved chairs is being rapidly filled up. Persons who require reserved seats should lose no time in securing them. A further injustice has been inflicted on the farmers within the area of tbe DWau mil IVSIcr .L I UbLj IOl WG lUlllcr stand the Department have served notices on the new mallee lessees claiming the water rate on the old trust's liability. It goes without saying that the mallee land recently taken up never was benefited by the trust's works, never having been sup plied with water, nor was it ever intended that it should be. Bearing in mind these facts we canuot see how the Department can reasonably claim llie.rtle in respect, of those lands. It is severe enough on those who have to pay.aud who were resi dent in (he area when the liability was incurred, but it approaches on the ridicul ous to ask new lessees under the Crown to contribute towards the liquidation of a debt in which they bad no hand iu incur ring, and from which it never was con templated they should receive auy brnefii nor is it possible. The following accounts are awaiting payment at the local Beceipt and Pay Office : — B. Barber, C- J. Burdett, Z. an-1 S. Burton, E. Barkmeyer, J. Barbell, 11. Blake, S. Comb, A. Curtis, C, Murray, Cadusch, Eastern Vermin Bond, J .Gray, Gould and M'Oonald, L. Gilsham, IV. Gillespie, Hudson, Hambling, W- Hughes, G. Henderson, IV. J. Irwin, A. Kennedy, Kennedy and M'Honnies, Kirk and Phil lips, Mildura Shire, S. Mitchell, C. G. M'Mahon. M. M'Douahl, 11. M'DonsId, R. Minton, J. Proudfoot, F. R, Boyan,Staley Bros., S. G. Seales. P. Shaw, Dr. Stoker; A. D. Shiels, J, Yesey, J, Watson, IV. Wood, W. Watson, G. Croftmtnn, B. Wallace, E. P. Wood, At a special meeting of the Masonic Lodge, held on Thursday to bid farewell to BrO. Breton, W.S., the Worshipful Master, Bro. Pavey, presented him with a M.M. jewel. The following inscription is to be engraved on the gold chronograph presented to Mr. Breton by his Kerang friends on Friday night : — " Presented to Fred W. Breton, Esq., on his departure from Kerang by his friends in tbe dis trict. Kerang, 17th June, 1892." And the Kerang Fire Brigade have had the inscription," Presented to Fred W. Breton, Esq., from the Kerang V.F.B.," placed on the locket they presented, with a fireman on the obverse. We understand Mr. Taverner, M.L A., has written to tbe Minister of Rji! ways pointing out the necessity for the Satur day night traiu from Eeiidigo aud Keiang running through to Swan Hill, returning on Monday morning and picking np stock ! for the Bsndigo market. This is a very necaceary alteration, as our stock dealers are now prevented from taking advantage of theBendige market owing to the in convenience of the train service. In view of the probable discontinuation of the bonuses for the erection of new butter factories and creameries, steps arc being taken to hold a conference of dairy men in Xieibourne tefovp Parliament again meets. The annuti convention of the Dairymen's Association lakes place in August, but as prompt action is necessary it is consilered advisable to meet in about a fortnight hence, and make an effort to induce Parliament tg gradually withdraw instead of suddenly ceasing tlijs class of bonuses. We understand it is the inten tion of the Minister of Argiculture (Mr. Graham) to gradually withdraw the bonuses, and not to stop them suddenly. We regret to have to inform our readers that Mr. Bowman, cordial manufacturer, of this town, is seriously indisposed, hav ing raptured an internal blood vessel during q. severe fit of coughing on Thursday night last. However, we are pleased to mentiop. that he has somewhat improve 1 since, under tbe core of Dr. Austin. In our advertising columns may be seen an advertisement notifying to shearers and wool shed employes that the Actiug Railway Commissioners have decided to issue railway tickets available for return for four months to every bona fide sliL-arer or woolshed hand traveling t ) railway stations on or near the border of the adjoining colonies, any such persons desiring to avail themselves of this prvii- lege can obtain a form, signed by the pre sident or the secretary of the Pastoralists' union of Victoria, and must produce same to the stitionmaster at the station where he desires to obtain the ticket. Copies of the form referred to uqw be obtained from Mr Edmund Mitchell, secretary to tbe Pastoralists's Union of Viceoria, 475 Collins-street, Melbourne, An " Argus'' telegram from Swan Hill Says : — The remarkable transformation in agricultural prospects brought about by the abundant rainfall of the post month had dispelled the despondency. ill at w$s steadjly creeping over this district. The' outlook near the end of May was for from being bright ; no rain had fallen for Bevel; months, tanks were dry, necessitat ing the cartage of water mauy miles, and the crops were jast shooting above the ground; In that state an immediate " and heavy rainfall was the only means by which eyen a fair crop pould be assured. The downpour came jorf m time, and has been further augmented during the last two days by another fall of 14-in. Under1 (hese circumstances it is not surprising that phis aspect of affairs in this district has undergone an entire change, and late as the season is the farmers seem to Lg very sanguine of reaping a good harvest. The rainfall during the' past month has exceeded the expectations cf the rgosl sanguins. The fall for this month was hardly an inch until the end of May, when the weather broke and a splendid foil of 3tin. was the result. Since fear, the weather has continued showery, and dur ing Thursday and Friday last lkin. has fallen, making a total for rim season of 5in. Pastoral prospects, although not as bright as they should be, are improving every day owing to the continued warm weather. If this continues there will be abnndance of feed In a yery short time. There is no doubt that the season canuot be called a good one for pastoralists, as the ground bed got partially cold before the rain came, and consequently growth is much slowei than it wonld haye been had the rain fallen in April. Howeyer, the comparatively rapid growth since the rain has entirely changed tbe aspect of affairs, and pastoral p ospects are a good deal brighter than was anticipated a month ago, Goods are on hand at the railway sta tion for the following consignees : — -Han- ley, Cooper, N.incaxrowBros.; JPotter Hall, Kenny and Garlick. A decision recently arrived ' at by Judge Hamilton, in Melbourne, opens a gratifying prospect for Australian share holders (says the" Bulletin"). SomeTonr or fi e years ago a man mimed Bald owned some shares in the City and County Bank, and in October, 1888, ho sold them in ihe;nccn$tonfed way through a lirokisr. The. jnipchrisejr '.w.is the manager o f-.the bank; add be bbmflite-W he declares account oftkojjaik, which, was i.Uen.cn.- gaged in creating an artificial demand for its own shares iu- order that-it -might rush off a new issue at a " premium. There is no reason to believe-that Bald"knew who bought tbe shares, and in such cases tbe seller very seldom does know : lie doesn't even see the signature at the foot of the buyer's cheque, fortho broker puts that document to bis town credit, and gives his own cheque to "the ' seller. Bald simply got rid of his shares, and thought no more about them. But when the City and County Bank .burst, it was discovered -that the transfer had never been regiBlere'3 — wnioa was euurejy cue , purchaser s i&iilt; for the seller lias no well- defined powers to compel the other mau.to Register. Then the liquidator dropped on the miser able Bald, for calls :to help-; tor 4>ay the liabilities of the "defunct institution, and Judge Hamilton decided that lie must pay, because :tUe: purchase byy<he;Bapk was an illegal trnnS'ictlon/and was there fore null aud void, or something to that effect. Coneeqeoatly, Bald is fined in an indefinite . JimdUnti -vinkjar . the 'aiviun a callB, because another person committed an illegal action, and the. man' who did the illegal action isn't fined alnll. Of course, as the sale was illegal, the person who collected the diwden-'s alter 1888 collected them illegally, but Bald doesn't recover this item— he cast his scrip upon the -water, and the loss came back after many days, but the profits are never heard of any more. Under this system it is a precarious job to be a shareholder in Australia. _ No man who has ever sold shares can tell for certain whether he sold tliem legally or not ; all he can do is to ask the broker, and the chance of the broker telling liiin the truth is exceedingly limited, lor the fraternity are among the lure ot the community and fiave been sq from the days of Ananias downwards. And, as the natural result, any man who ever owucd an interest in a wildcat mine or a few shares in a bank is liable to be visited by the ghost of his old speculation in after years, or if he dies before it comes it may arrive in time to ruin his widow j>r his cliildreq. The ex-shareholder, rin fact, is a Frankenstein whose njqnster is always waiting for a chance to come back and step on him in his old age, and flatten him out. When once a man has owned shires in anything his only security, appa rently, is to fly to the uttermost ends of ibe earth, and lie loiy there till his com- piny bursts, and the liquidation is over, and tbe liquidator is dead, and everything is wound np and forgotten, Friday's Government ' Gazette " con tains the following information : — Messrs D. Moore, J. Mitchell, J. Scantleton, R. Embleton and J. Ho'-sfall have been ap pointed trustees for the land temporarily reserved as a sight for a mechanics-' insti tute and free library at Dartagook (Lake Charm.) The dates qf holding courts of petty sessions at Pyramid Hill and Swan Hill hate been altered to every Wednesday at ten a.m., at tho former place every Thursday and Saturday at nine a.m. at tue latter place. A pumping lease has been renewed for a period of 12 months from 13th January, 1892, to Z. Burton of Swan Hill. The temporary reservation of 30a of land, parish of Lod- don, being part allot. 29a section C, a water reserve is about fq be revoked. Area of agricultural ana grazing laud dimi nished — Block 13a, Gaubower West, 19a 3r 16p : the same allotment is availible for sale. The application for a lease of 238 acres, parish of Gaunawarra by James O'Donohcc lies been approved. Applications for licenses under section 123 of the Land Act have been approved as follows : — 2,375a, Boga and Bael Bae, to R. T. Bourchier ; lOO.t, Bael Bael, to Rufus Sharp ; 1590a, Bael Bael, to Ruffis Sharp. The license for a pnnt site on the Lower Murray tq Themes IianaiqG ljas been declared void for non-payment of rent. 160 acres of land in the parish of Tittybong have been transferred from Amos G. Kllly to Thoa. Meehan. Allot. 5, sec. 1. 20 acres, parish of Marina, is available for grazing purposes. Transfers registered at the Titles office — Renjarqin Blake to Her Majesty the Qneen; part allot. 4, Boga, 919a 3r 12p ; Charles S. Price to j. T. Procter, allotment 25, Kerang, 312a 3r 12p ; from H, Booth to W. SUipp, part allot. 78, 'Miricha West, I96 t 3r 15p ; from Henry and Glias. R'. Foster to Ghas. R. and Miry St. B. Fos ter, Heeling, allotments 14, 15 and 15a, section 2, 319a lr 30p and 313a Jr 19p ; from James Grigg and Annie M, aod QbodaD. Grigg, Koo nil rook, allotments 70, 70a and 82a, 320a 3r 3fpand 208 1 2f 17p ; from Sara G, M'Donal 1 to Angus M'Donald, executor, Varrawalla, allot 10b, section A; 157a 2r 59p- Transfer of leases of mallee allotments, part allot 147a 411 acres, Tatchera, from Esias Piccoli to Etnil Schmidt ; allot 121c, Tatchera, 385a from C. T. James to J. W. Chalmers ; allot. 2|J., containing 453 acres, County Tatchera, is available for application. Tie following persons have been refused a lease for allotment No, £2f, it tlieGquflty of Tatchera, R. M. Klunjer, SV. Bpence, Sutherland and T. Walsh. Two unmistakable cases of smrll- por have been imported to Melbourne by the Royal mail steamer Oroya, which reached Hob- s inrs Bay qn- wodnooaay last. . The ..first case was discovered at the Victoria Goffee Palace, Collins-street, on' Saturday, "by a doctor who was called upon to attend a seccuJ.-class passenger, named Osmond, who had taken up Ids residence there. "' -The medical officers of the Board of Health and the City Council having examined' the 'case, agreed thqt it was one of small pox. The patient was remove! in tbe ambulance van to the sanatorium, and all the residents in the coffee palace were' vaccinate, police being placed oq guard to 'prevent anyone not resident in the place obtaining admis sion. The place was carefully fumigated. From statements made by the patient anotb - case was traced to Brunswick, where a girl l!j years of age, was found to. be in tbe con valescent stage, bqt st;!! in an infective condition. This girl, wljo was a Passenger, developed the eruption before the Vessel reached Colombo. The house in which she . was fonnd has been fonjigated. arid she -as removed to the sanatoriam yetqrday. Though Mr. Osmond noticed the eruption on the girl, the medical officer of the vessel is reported to !%ve stated both at Adelaide and Melbourne that .there bad jjeen no eruptive or infectious cases' of disease during -the - voyage, aud qn the strength of these state-, ments the local ojfisers gave a clean hill of health. About seveuty passengers' were landed in Melbourne, and every effort is being made iq trace these in order that they may be vaccinated an4 kept nnder observa tion until the time for the development of tfie disease shall liaye passed. — "Argus. ' 