JUctropolltfli) Memoranda. (By a Lookeu-On in Bhjhbake.) Tub resumed debate on tho Now Stand ing Ordcis in the House on Wednesday last was — to use a colloquial simile — as good ss b play. The best descriptive title that has yet been given to tho moribund Bouse was that ascribed to it in a recent leader of the 4 Telegraph' which was that it is an 'ab- iei'l AaROmblv.' and ' thorn ia tint n amolA member of it with the courage and indepen dence to call his soul his own.' Tho verit inbh; vraisombtance of that description has boon more or less Mustmfcd in almost every important debate of the session, and in few more so than in the one I now proceed to c -n-mcntupon. The grovollingsubservieticy of the ftouihtey satellites of the Coalition has induced them to submit to and support—* while damning with faint praiso— eveiy re actionary, unpopular, vindictive or venge ful proposition, or policy which the Premier has laid before' them. They have blasted their own reputations for political integrity and reliability by doing so, and the electors should at the ensuing elections relegate to the well-earned obscurity of private life n large number of Ministerial supporters who, in betraying the principles, the policy, and ' the public duties they were pledged and paid so well to fulfil — by subordinating such principles, policy, and dutieB to personal aud class aggrandishment--have deserved to be ostracised from political and parlia mentary life. Treating of the exodus of Queensland white men to the Argentine Republic, the Sydney 'Bulletin* says— 'They have much excuse in the shameful betrayal of their manhood rights by Judas politicians, tuu abominable tyranny of the usut piuc classes, and the meek submission to existing wrongs of' weiiker-fibmd men who abjectly kiss the rod/' which has ac centuated the depression they have perpet uated instead of ameliorating. As regards the Standing Orders the assumption is not rebutted by donial that they are introduced just now as n slap in the face to the labour members. Rule 135, for putting on the Cloture, provides that the motion, 44 That the question be now pot,' shall not be passed unless two-thirds of the members present, being'at least two-thirds of the 72, agree t-» ifc. Mr. Drako well said, 44 The= uext parliament could look after itself. . . . During tbe present session certain things, had been done which had been very uncon stitutional ; and unless it was determined to bring forward something more auda ciously unconstitutional than hitherto, he could not see what necessity there was for imposing that restriction on debate. It was. admitted there had been no obstruction' — scarcoly even the ghost of opposition he might have added—1 ' Indeed, if there bod been any fault at all on that score it wa& thut measures reversing tbe policy of the countiy had been allowed to pass through much too easy. Mr. Black thought 'at tirst that the, cloture might be used in jm oppressive sort of way,' and he gave no reason tor changing that opinion other than the two-thirds majority requirod to pasB iu Mr- Powers indicated the danger of it and proposed to ainond it by substituting three fourths, Of course the Premier relied upoo- tbe sovereign prescriptive precedent of the House of Commons and other parliaments, having adopted the cl6ture. Ho and his followers wunt to 4i Anglicise ** the penple, the coiiutry, and all therein, mid thereby to establish in Queensland and Australia, a large landed and titled aristocracy, and a numeruus and permanent pauper popu lation »uid tlie needful degraded aud servile substratum for foundation of such an aris tocracy. Several members spoke in favour of the amendment, Mr. Salkeld said, 'Government ought to accept, if only to. show that they did uot wish to carry things with a high hand.' But with such au abject- Assembly Government are not afraid o£ showing or using the ivonhand. 'If that Order was i^uriod, a minority of twentyone members, who might represent a largo party in the country, could be silenced by anpli cation of the cloture, ' he said. W Step hens voting against it, and Plunkett for it. Gannon said the Premiermisjht as well pro pose remaining orders in a block and waste no more time, as there was nothing- left to be discussed; the minority had lost all their rights. Some discussion arose on Rule 302: that documents quoted from, by a member* should belaid on the table, if'desired, and' it was carried. In speaking to it Mr. Nelson,, not content with having abdicated the func tions of 11. M. Opposition, abused his owu side aud extolled the good sense of the House, which would resist tyrannical pro ceedings. J ast what it does Nor do. Drake was surprised at the attack made by the lender of the apportion ? Tlmthon. member nni.sfc k»^«- that the British Govern ment vvus carried on under the svstem known a a party Government, and he must also know that the great dangerto the colony* kudliui. tJovummeDtnaa ceased . . . It was specially dangerous at the present time to consent to Orders which put individual, incmbeis at the mercy of a majority, for tho reason that party Govern jni'iib hero had almost ceased to exist, aud there was a Government with a large ma jority determined u- curry everything wifcb a high band. Rule 324 proposes, a fine of £500 u i be imposed by tho House upon any person adjudged guilty of certain offenses, aud Black denounced tbe proposal aa 'ridi- culously and unnecessarily severe.' Thfr Premier defended it upon the peeoliar and very remarkable grouuds that— 'If & man, deliberately defied Parliament the fine waft not too heavy;' while all aloag^thissession, the Premier has boen deliberately 'defying* that higher tribunal than even Parliament itself, that is, the country, and is not to be lined a cent 1 Then again, he said, 44 It might be worth a man's while to pay that fine than obey an order of the House. He m^ht pay that £500 and rob the country of £o0,0Q0.' By Jove I Wish someone- ? would lend me £500, wouldn't I Jdefy Par liament,1 pay tbe line, and go in to '?rob the country of £5,000 or JSSO'.QOO'— latter amount for preference. Worst of it is the Premier did uot explain bow to rob the country f.o tho tune named, with impunity* lMiatdn 1 State secret,' I presume, and for his prcfcMionnl 'pinion as to how it's to be done. Another offonce for which — he alleged the lino wns nut too much — was that of assaulting any member on his way to or from the House, or endeavouring to compel any member by force, insult, or meimce to dclaru himui.'M in favour of or against any M.aiUrt to lie brought before' the UoUBe. Persons so ufiemling would bo punished a great deal ntoro severely in a criminal court for Conspiracy. Mr. Black; *' Under the Act of Genyrra IV?' The Premier: 'Coder tbe common law of tbe land.1 He did not know of any men convicted of conspiracy under the Act, of George IV. They, were told a great many things by .people who thought they knew law but did not.' ? H in just like the pious cant 'f 'Sir Sauiuel to thus ''Uslu'iiif his ucfaiiuus profession as a sealed oracle or Bacrod mystery, when, as nil men know, it is just about n b great a fraud as the 'Elousinian my stories' were. The only shadow of anything sacred about tho law is that it has aumc near reacmblancc to the grace of God in one respect, which is that 'it eurpasBoth all understanding I' For there is scarcely a law which has not been disputed or variously interpreted by one legal lumin/try or another. It seems , that there ia annthor Great British law be sides that of George IV. of which those who do know law — equally with those who don't 1 know law — know uothiug about. And that is the English law under which a clergyman wnn hmiHrht-, before tho law courts, in Tas mania, a few roonths ago, and iuformed that in virtue of an 'English law which . was unrepealed and which was still in force' In that colony he had rendered himself liable to 20yearB' transportation, a penalty not optional but imperative 'for having married a couple at uight after 8 p.m.' As Mr. Fysch said when here a short tiino ago, although the penalty in that case was ' not' enforced it showed' the necessity of some commission being appointed to inquire into ' what English Statutes are now in force in the Australian colonies.' Griffith would reveal himself us more of a christian and statesman if he devoted more of his time to such an inquiry and to the repeal of the abominable Conspiracy and Sahbi tori an laws of George IV. and Charlie II;, and the one referred to, inBtcad of copying and adopting arbitrary English rules and abominable English Statutes. 