Am&sq; The Boxers. THE SULLIVAN-SLAYIN CONTEST. Joe -Gpddard's Reply to M'Auliffe. A. LETTER FROjI CHOYNSKI. The Ryan-Goddiird Fiasco. BKIiBOUBSE RI3TS NOTES. The Jim Burse-Jack Hall Contest. THE TORPEDO IN TOWN. Beckett ana Valentine — The Latest— V Mitchell and Corbett Matched— Eng- '- llsh Jottings— Americau Gossip— . Ami tlie Very Latest From Everywhere. (By ' The Amateur.') y. Young Denny is wanted at thin office. Billy Murphy and Jim Barren fight at the Golden Gate Club next Tuesday night. * * ? * ' If Joe Goddard conies across Ned Eyan I guess something will have to break. .Too Goddard savs he wont talk fight to AI' Auliffe until nf tor March next, when ho will bo happy to accommodate him. ' Both Earnts and Powell are getting Tory fit for their contest, which takes place at the Olympic Hall, Nowcastlo, on Saturday, February 20. It will bo a great go. Bill Slavin, a brother o£ the redoubtable Paddy, has succumbed to Brooklyn beer am climate, and was in tho Brooklyn City Hospital ut latest advices. * ? * ' Jim Richardson, who fought big Pablo on Saturday night at the Olympic, has in him all the qualifications o£ a fighter. Under proper tuition ho should develop into a first-class middle-weight. Ho will yet bo heard of in connection with championship contests, or I am very much mistaken. ? ? ? ? Mick Dnnno can be backed up to .£100 to fight Herb Sinnott, tho well set-up Victorian boxer, whom Yankee' Sum says he will back to whip Mick. If this pair meet on their merits, both fit and well, it should be a great go, and I don't think Mick would have things all his ' Both Beckett, and Valentino are hard at work getting fit for the amateur heavy weight championship, which takes place on February 22 next, at the S.A.G.C. On Satur ? ilay Valentine called on mo with reference to un increase in the side-wngor, and then and there deposited a chcqiio for .£25 which he hoped would bo promptly covered. Andy Fennelly called in yesterday in referenco to tho increased side-wugor, and stated that lie would guarantee that tho amount would be' covered directly Beckett's backer returned, for the b.lter is away in tho country at pre Msiit. hut as be is expected back on Thursday '.ho Valentino contingent may bu perfectly jure of tho amount deposited by them being covered before the end of the week. Old Jim Burgo is back again looking younger than ever. Somehow Jimmy can't got oui, and ho says he feels, and certainly looks better than over ho did. Ho tells mo that he had a high old time in Tasmania, and Mint everyone was very kind to him. Jim must be every bit lOst, perhaps a few pounds uvur. Anvhow, he's going to set to work in .'?urnost to get hard for his forthcoming light witli clever Jack Hall, which takes place this mor.tli at tho Melbourne Athletic Club. Jack Hall will have to be real well if ho wants to hoat the iron man, and X for ouo don't think he can. Jimmy's all right, arid he'll be all thero on the night in question. A mutch is likely lo he arranged shortly be tween J. Goggins and Jack O'Brien, for a purse of £25 put up by (lie proprietors of the Mount Zei-liau (Tas.) Athletic- Club. Goggins, it will be remembered, was tho man that fought Bill Jennings, aud was beaten by him in seven rounds. The Kefkuek correspon dent in Tasmania states that this mill will bo -. splendid go, as both men will be well matched in height, weight, reach, and clever lad, 'and is tho last in tlio world that would ever bo tnkeu for a pug. Ho badly wants to have another cut at Jennings, mid our corres pondent states that if Jennings is willing a decent purse will probably bo forthcoming. , . The ' Tokvedo ' on Tour. Billy Murphy and Yonng Denny spar at Goulburn on Friday oveuiug next, and on the nanio .night two local light- weights named Fulham and Smith light to a climax for a Dmse of .£10. Yankee Sasi'b. 'The shortest fight on record.' That remark was made by most of those present at tho Yankoo showman's place on Saturday night, whou.Herb. Siunott beat Bob Falvey iu uno punch. Tho hall was crowded, as usual, with a heap , of sports, who were nil looking forward to see a real good fight. It was a light alright, but Fnlvev hadn't tiie ghost of a show with his seientftic oppo nent, who eelllud him in less than half a miuuti;'u lighting. Anyway, it wasn't Sam's fault, and Falvey and Co. lost their money on the light in a fair and square fashion. I always had a great idea of Herb. Sinnott's abilities as a fighter, and [ am quite satisfied that Ut aud well he's a very tough customer lor Mick Dunuo to tackle, and so Mick will 'find whou ho and Siimolt meet. There will bo two fights to a finish between t-ffo heavy-weights from Miller's Point, and two well-known middlo-woights, at Yankee Sara's Hall, and (hero will bo in addition tho usual number of four nnd six-round spars preceding theso two buttles. Yankee Sam's Hall. ' ' The penial showman, Yankee Sam, informs me that lie has a show on for Saturday night ?which will snrpuns anything ho bus yet sub mitted to the Sydney public. Two' beavy jroights, coal lumpers from Miller's Point Kill fight to a finish for a side-wager of liirO nnd a purse huug up by the club. Jack Wiokes and Toby TraTors fight on the same night. «? ? ? « ? ? ? ? The Olympic. On Saturday night last there was a capital rtiow at tho Olympic, which was duly ap preciated by tho largo audience that had rolled up to witness tho excellent programme set down for discussion. Some excellent four., round spars took - place between Syd Burne? aud Charlie Uumm, Joe Pablo mid Jim Agar, and Griffo and Chiddy Kyim. all of which Imgo'.y delighted tho audience. Tho chief event set down lor discussion was a fight to a finish between Jim Kichurdson and big Pablo, which ended in a victory for ltichardson. aftor eight hurl rounds had been fought. Tho latter fought nali ihe greatest determination throughout, and slimvcl Pablo that ho was no duffer. Pulilo had to turn it up in the eighth round, ?j'wi«|f to his legs giving way, still iu any oase 1 itim't think he would have had a chance with llkliaulsou, although tho lattor was giving away a lot of weight. Kichardson is a coming man. and with proper tuition will develop something like championship form, or else I am very much mistaken. The programme under notice was good throughout, and a iTmlit to tlio new management, who, if they only keep to the same standard, will make tliMijji b'um nt tho Olvmpic before very long. ? ' ? ? Nottce to Melbourne Agents. — On and aftor Wednesday next, February 17, the ngeney for the Kekerke in Mclbouruo and suburbs will be transferred from Mr. A. Benjamin to R. A. THOMPSON and CO., of 23S Little Collins-street, from wbom all ?upylieo will in future be obtained. _-^ There is a letter here for Jack Fuller. ? # ?? * Harry West will please call at the Golden Gate Club, as he ia wanted on urgent busi ness.' ' ? ? ? . - » .? - ? Joe Eiddlo and Bob Deuchers are matched to fight to a finish at the Golden Gate in a fortnight's time. Joo will have to bo well to beat the Baimain lad, who is fast dovelop ing into a first-class fighter. ? ? ' . ? At the Olympic norfc Saturday night Charlie O3borne— not tho Osborne who fought Douchars on Saturday Ia3t— and Tom Simp son fight to a finish for a substantial purse put up by tho club. Theso lads ought to provido a willing mill, as both aro iu good Dtickle and as gamo as they can be. There will bo the usual number of four-round spars, which will bo a bit above the average, and the whole programme will be thoroughly good from start to finish. » # ? ''Billy Murphy is off lo America by the Mouowai, and will get to business directly he sets his foot on American soil. Billy says that some of the sports over there think from what they have read that ho baa lost some of his fighting ability. 'Havel,' says Billy, ' I reckon I'll surprise 'em then, when I get there, you know. Anyhow, anyone who wants my belt '11 have to travel mighty hard to beat me for it.' The San Francisco Post says:— 'Paddy Gorman will.not do. In his fight with the Black Pearl he lost what little local prestige he had by actinc liko a cur. He quit when ho had strength enough to continue the fight, and then cunningly 'tried to hurl the blame of his defeat on Billy Mahan, who acted a3 time keeper for the victor.' Bridgeport Conn., has beeu struck by tiio prevailing athletic boom. The other evening 70 now members were received by tho Bridge port Athletic Association, which now has a gymnasium and over 200 members. Billi MuBPiiy. T Jisr Barren-. Next Tuesday night theso lads meet in a contest to a finish at tho Golden Gate Athletic Club for a purso of J35O, put np by the management, tho whole of which amount is in tho hands of the Rekeref.. I hava so often written about the ability of both these lads that it would be a fnrco to repeat all that I and others have said as to their merits, nnd it will suffice when I say that tho mill ought to be a splendid go from tbe outset, for both lads are in good nick, and will be there to fight to a finish and a finish only. Tho price.? of admission have been fixed at 10s and 5s, and this reduced rate should ensure a packed house. There will be Borne good pre liminary sparring before the fight, and tho whole programme will mako a good night's ontertainment, and well worth the trilling cost of admission. Gbiffo and Mick M'Cartt. Mick M'Carlv challenged Griffo at the Olympic last Saturday night to fight for the T-no(liA»itrn!irU^ f !lllt TnTimitRM I n fif t.llft 'WVlt'If aud a side wager, in addition to a substantial purse. The lads mot by appointment yester day at the Olympic, and finally decided to fi'bt in about five weeks' timo for tho Championship, a side wager of .£25 each, and the gate. The contest will take place at the Olympic, which lias heen rented by tho lads for this occasion. All details will be arranged and articles signed on Friday next, when they will meet at the Olympic to put up tho slds-wager and fix things generally. I can't say I fancy Mick's chance against the little wonder, an.i I can't imagine why ho didn't take on Chiddy Kyfcn first (who was quite willing to meet him), be fore flying at such high game as Griff. How ever, Mick's old enough to know his business, and ho evidently thinks he's got a good i-hnnco of whipping him, otherwiso he'd probably have let this job alone, and n mighty tough one it will be, I can promise him. The Goldf.s Gate Athletic Ci.cn. On Saturday night tin's nowly re-organised institution opened its doors to the public, and presented a good programme to a very good house. The joy of the evening was tho fight to a finish between Tom Osborno and Bob Dinchcrs, for a purso of i.'10 put up by the management. This was a stubborn mill throughout, and alter eight rounds of hard and fast fighting Osborne ha/1 to declare himself a beaten man. Throughout tho fight tho strictest order was preserved, and as the con testauts fought fairly the refui-ee's duty was almost a sinecure. Hov.-ovoi-, tho fight was a real good one, and sent the audience away in a happy frame of mind. Proviousto this con test four round spars took place between Jackson and Stephens, Mick JByan and Dave Carroll, aud Stanley aud Tolly, .ill of which were duly appreciated. In future there will bo a good programme set down for discussion every Saturday night, aud our readers cannot do better than go and have a look at a show which promises to bo something out of the ordinary, and well worth inspection. * « « In Now York they nay that SInvin made the match with Petur Jackson because ho was afraid to moet Snllivnu. One of Sullivan's friends is thus quoted in the Hvx :— It seems verv plain to mo that Slavin Is gwkinz to evade a match with Sulliriui. I wave ulw.nj thought that the Anstralijn ijr»farre-l to keep clunr --( the cli.in.pion. I am roraill nothing ill Klavm's i-imrse Unit is evidence Hint Slnvin wan tnt sincere in- miuiifostiiifr a desire to (Wit Sulli van. V.'.j kuow that Snllivnu Inn hud for v.-....ks mouey nil to binda match, awl that Sliivin lias not covered it. I hear that Skrin went uheail with Joclisou because SiiIUvsiii refused to meet him nutil next September. This is Ilimsj- pretext, in deed. Ono thing l« sure, mid that is if Sluviu showed nnv nburpiiesH, ami nt tin; tmne time Imcl a real desire to meet Mullivui. lie could have Ruined u big point for himself by covering tho money and dcmiiiuliilj; that Sullivan should il:,-l.t in, suv, three or sir months'. He does not suoni to Imve hud the uerve, or sauMitliiii?, of doiuf eve:i tune. It nine, uetmithehiw lntit it whispered to him tlinfc ir lit ctinie out flat- footed nnd called for Snlliv.au to fell jicxfc May, or aover, John wnuM have cist his tlu-itrieiil contract to the winds nnd remarked, ' That iroe*.' It IooVk nu if Shiviu had not bueu smart or houcit in the biulue.tj. I reckon that friend of Mr. Jolm L. Sill liviui'H who if) responsible for this piece of wretched drivel, would not bo a desirable man to huvo as a backer, in fact, I should imagine that. Sully would give him a bit of his mind if he personally camo acro&a; such a paragraph as the above, writtou by a would-be sport who evidently doesn't understand what ho is writing about. 