The Political Fight, After fencing and sparring for more than a w«ek and quibbling over forms and methods of procedure, Ministry; and Oppo ?sitioa have at last cleared the ground for business, and a f^f fight be gins to-day. Mr. Reid did yesterday -what he might just as 'well have done at first, namely, gave notice of a direct motion of want of confidence in the Govern ment. That he has given his opponents ! some advantage by not taking a ' more decided course at tli« out set is certain. Ministers evidently realise this, and the air of confidence with \ which they and their supporters assume shows that they consider the battle as good as won before a blow is struck. The return of the head of the Ministry and the farorabie reception he has met with have had a reassuring effect upon the supporters of the Govern ment. But although the prospects of toe fight appear so favorable to Ministers, a little reflection must show that they are by no means in the strong position they desire the country to believe. Their work ing majority, as shown by the famous division which brought them into power, is very small, scarcely sufficient to justify a Ministry, in ordinary circum stances, in attempting to carry on the public business, and they cannot afford, to offend a supporter. Furthermore, it is evident that the Ministry has not the con fidence of the country. There have been three elections since the Premier left, and the result in each ca&e; has been decidedly adverse to the Government. Two contested freetrade seats were retained with every sign of increasing support for the freetrade cause, and one protectionist Beat has bean won by the Opposition. It was perhaps somewhat ominous that the gentleman who obtained the seat occupied by the late Mr. Cass should have entered the House and been sworn in just prior to tha leader of the Opposition giving notice o£ his motion of want of confidence. Then again, one of the Ministerial sup port urs is under a cloud, and will doubtless refrain from recording his vote while a motion of expulsion is hanging over his head. It may be that, in spite of all this, the Ministry, still has a majo rity in the House. But if so, that will only furnish an additional argument in favor of Mr. Want's motion for the abolition of pay ment of members. The principle of payment of members, which was so loudly advocated in the interests of ' democracy,' iias assuredly not answered democratic ex pectations. It brought into public life a number of needy adventurers whose interest it is to keep Parliament in existence as long as it can be kept, and whose occupation is gone on xhe first appeal to the constituents. A num ber of theso have entrenched themselves behind the present occupants of office, and nothing that Mr. Reid or anyone from his side can say is likely to shake their ' loyalty.' There they are, and there they mean to stay to the «nd of the chap ter, if possible. Yet it must be abundantly clear that the day of reckoning cannot be far off — that the present House does not adequately repre sent the country, and that it has given its sanction to a fiscal policy which the country expressly declared against at the last general election. After all, this is the real objection to the existence of the pres ent House, and to the continuance in office of the present Government We have already expressed our opinion upon the question of the absence of the Premier and upon hie mission, to En gland, and the House will not be disposed as a whole to regard the hon. gentleman's action in lhat matter unfavorablvj though there is somethiag to be said against the irregular manner in which the public has been called upon . to pay the piper for the Premier's English dancing. Against the programme of legislation submitted by the Government nothing can dow be said from the Opposition. The House expressed its satisfaction with the programme by allowing the address in reply to go unchallenged. As far as we c-in see, ttexe is one subject, and one sub ject only, upon which the Ministry is open to censure, and which renders a new Parliament desirable 5 that is the fiscal question. The misfortune of the situa tion is that the deciding of this issue is in the hands of the very men -who are to blwne for the unwarrantable alteration in the poliey sanctioned by the country. The announcement that a railway train has for the first time entered Jerusalem gives one some how a strange sort of feeling. Bomance and mystery, as has often been said, disappear at the whistle of the locomotive— 'like pale ghosts from an enchanter fleeing'— as a devotee of the Shslley cult might put it. But, of coarse, the associations of Jerusalem are such as no contact, however close, with modern ideas and modern things can very «eriouely affect The. mere sentimental side of those old associations may perhaps -be somewhat weakened by the apparition of the railway train. When, instead of being borne on the backs of camels, or .humbler and leas picturesque but yet more distinctively native beasts of burthen, figures with flowing robes and beards to match a;e seen arriving in the ancientcity through what eeeme to us the prosaic medium of the iron hone, the spectator must inevitably be reminded that almost every nook and corner of the earth is re ceiving more or less the impress ' of the. century which is now so near Its close. . No doubt' in - Jerusalem and' its neighborhood, if the -conformation of the land, by the way, be not unfavorable to such locomo tion, the sight of antiquely garbed and Biblical j looking persons- urging the swift-revolving ; bicycle will soon not be wanting to keep the i other innovation m proper countenance. Intact, it is not unlikely that it may have been before hind with the eaU way train. i That charming Anrnriran humorist, Oliver Wendell Hobnes, has, in one of hie latest-writings, drawn a whimsical contrast between modern said ancient days, and taken some of his illustrations from Jerusalem. Holmes is consoled by the thought that King David was not, after alL so well provided with material conveniences and comforts in his old age as a comparatively humble man of the nreoent day; that there were no cosy firesides on the bleak hills of Zion, and that Solomon in all his glory could not command the friendly services of an optician or dentist when they that looked out of the windows were darkened and the grinders ceased because they weie few. An American humorist of a much coarser and more common place fibre than Holmes— we mean the gentleman com monly known as Mark Twain— may perhaps see bis way to add a supplementary chapter to his 'New Pilgrim's Progress,' and work off, in connection lrfth- the railway train to Jerusalem, some more of those jokes about Palestine which are found so exquisitely amusing by Mark Twain's admirers, but which a few heretics have been daring enough to pro nounce not alone vulgar and offensive, but purely mechanical. Be this as it may, Mark Twain's j j example has decidedly provoked the com petition of as irritating a horde of dunces as ever afflicted the readers of any age. To Mark Twain himself probably the most f av«r ; able judge, if he happened at the same, time to be ! a competent one, would assign but a secondary place at best among the world's humorists. As for Mark Twain's imitators, they are indeed ' most tolerable and not to be endured.' The Monte Carlo gambling establishment is oneemore before the bar of public opinion, in consequence of an announcement that an American lady has committed suicide after losing .£50,000 at the tables. This suicide is probably authentic, the account of it goes into too close j detail to be an invention, such as is occasionally cir culated by the enemies of the Prince of Monaco's chief source of revenue, sometimes in the interest of virtue, sometimes in that of the rival clandes i tine gaming establishment of the adjacent French city of Nice. The Monte Carlo management, in netting the American lady's ,£50,000, has evi dently been reaping the benefit of the tremendous advertisement got last year out of all the talk concerning a Mr. Wells, an English man, who had an 'infallible system' of winning which prospered — for a time. Probably the American proceeded without a 'system,' simply plunging as do most desperate gamblers, lucky or otherwise; but even with a ' system,' which, as a rule, is but a device to defer ruin, there is ample opportunity to get rid of .£50,000 or any other sum. The limit for a single stakeatTrenteetQuarante, otherwise called Rouge et 2Joir, the game played for gold is, for the minimum, a louis. about 16 shillings, and for the maximum 15,000 francs, or about .£600. The limit at Roulette is for the minimum 5 francs, or about 4s 2d, and for the maximum 6000 francs or about .£240. Everything is perfectly fair in so far that there can be no actual cheating, while winning, in consequence of the opportunity for doubling up afforded by the high limit, looks to the novice, easy. Cold-blooded mathematicians have, hqwever calculated out the subject, and have arrived at the certainty that the bank simply coins money. Thus at Rouge et Noir the players back the black or the red according to their, fancy ; the dealer deals out a card f aee upward to each color alter nately until the points on the cards dealt to each exceed thirty 5 those backers win to whose color there has been dealt the nearest to thirty points ; the number of points dealt cannot exceed forty; when the same number of points is dealt to each color it is a draw, and no one wins ; when 31 is dealt to each color the bank takes half the money staked on each. This, as will at once be seen, would give the bank a very nice little pull, even if ties of all kinds were equally likely to occur; but the tie of 31's is more likely than any other. It is a matter of absolute proof that the odds against double 31 being turned up are only 41 to 1 ; while the odds against double 40 are 460 to 1. Of course when the bank is not saved from loss byan ordinary tio, and is not put in funds by a tie of 31, it is not losing. For its losses on red it is re couped by its gains on black, or vice versa, and it is also favored by the ineradicable propensity of losing gamesters to try and get their money back by increasing their stakes. At Boulette the more popular silver game, played with a wheel and a marked cloth, the in ducement to the gambler is that various combinations such as the privilege of backing groups of numbers, or colors are open to him, while by successfully backing. a whole number — a number upon which the little ivory ball falls after rattling round in the wheel — he can receive back his stake with 35 times additional. Thus a man putting the ttmTiitinm qb 13 might if 13 came up get .£8400 and walk out provided for for life. The advan tage to the bank is that, as at Rouge et Noir, one gambler pays another; that gamblers when losing heavily are very reckless; and that when '0 ' turns up, which it is quite as likely to do as any of the other 36 divisions of the wheel, the management sweepB the whole of the numbered board, the croupiers literally gathering in notes and gold with wooden rakes. Backing whole numbers at Roulette is a no more hopeful game than would be backing racehorses who, on then absolute merits, were only quoted at 36 to 1 in thebetting. Let any spertxngmanask himself what would be the result of a mania for accepting such odds and no others. The attitude of Euro pean Governments towards Moiite Carlo appa rently is, that if people are foolish enough to gamble against such very plain certainties of loss it is more the fault of the dopes than of those who take their money. 