'I lw Doctors Shook their Heads. ' I would give a million dollars for ,l stomach,' said a wealthy American recently, how. a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but lie was not able to buy the article even ut that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, « f No. 3, Poplar Row, Darby Abbey, near l)ciby, is not so rich hs many, being a gardeuer, but he was icady enough to give all he h-d for one thing lie badn't got. Here is his story, and he thall tell it in his own way Mr. Gaskin goes on to say ; ' Up to eight ye irn ago I had never lost an hour's work through Mokoess. Io JJoceniber 1SS2, whilst living at Itecston, near Notting ham, iny appetite fell away, 1 had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste iu my uiuuLh, which would fill with water and slime, the ldtter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to * fill up ' and my throat would swell so I couMn'tbutt m my shirt at the neck. 1 vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish -green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and fetrain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my eara. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was iu bed five or six weeks, ' 1 then went as ojt-pationtto tlie Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for eix months was very little better. I got thin that I was like a ghost wdlkiug about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen moutli6 I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air. Sol came to Darley Abbey and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire Infirmary', Derby. 1 found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, aud I saw my club doctor and also two dontore at Derby. The first one said, ' 1 ou are in a gal loping consumption^ and must die ; the otber doctors aftt-r sounding my lungs and chest, ttaid nothing^ but shook tftei* head*. '* Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what littlo I could in his gardens and grounds And some days.l worked alittle, and theo would be away for a few days Things weut on like this until December, 1SSS, when 1 caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacuptul at once, and fra* afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm mould choke me . At this time the whites of mv eyes turned yellow and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke into a cold clammy sa'cat. My tongue was j like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep ] nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ' I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, hut was so weak 1 had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards- I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read 1 oft^n sat for hours looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, aud was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at plsy quite upset me. 44 The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, Itian do you no good ; I can only patch yor up, because your lungsare diseased ; I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thing I could hoar of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22*. a bottle. Dut nothing did any good, and my iriends who came to see me eaid, * We\l% you won t cough j much longer you hate merely to prepare for j another world.* 1 ' About the middle of March, 1889, a i neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works 1 iu tho paper mills at Uarley Abbey, eaid to me, ; * Tom, l ffnu fnrr try Mother SeigeCs Syrup ^ and told mi; !??)»' 1. c liad been oured after being In the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of thiB medicine I sent my wife to Derby and §ot a bottle at Mr. Smith's stores iu Victoria treet. After the first doesl had an evacuation black as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking tho medioine for three days my breathing got easier, my fond kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk, liy the end of a fortnight I went to soe my master, who asked what had wrought th« Improvement, and t told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Selgel's Syrup had saved my life I commenced work at once and have never loBt a day's work alooe, ' Of eourso my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Selgel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever iu my live and have oontinued eo ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkadle statement, Mr. Gaskin re quests us to rofer all doubtors to him or to Mr. iteetiey, Head Gardoner, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an exoellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered t Not galloping consumption^ cer tainly [as one of the doctors thought) , or he f oonld nave galtu'ped into his grave in less than three monthst instead of growing worse for seven years. His oomplalnt was chroolc in flammatory dyspepsia (or chronio gastric catarrh), which has lung symptoms like con sumption, for which it is so often Ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated, ^'hun tho right remedy, Mother Selgel's Syrup, wah uied the disease yielded, aB all diseases of tho digestive tract do yield to that inagnlfioout S reparation. We heartily congratulate Mr. ask in on hie reoovery, and commend the fooU of hU case to Ml thinking people, 