MOUNT KOSCIUSKO. (By R. Barr Smith.) In compliance with our request Mr. Barr Smith has kindly written for us the following account of his trip to tho Australian Alps:— I was invited, by Professor Watson to visit his late father's estate in the upper valley of the River Murray, and a further offer was made to accompany me in the ascent of Kosciusko, if I felt inclined to climb that mountain. I had never seen the upper waters of the Murray ; I was born in a country of mountains and am fond of them, and so I gladly accepted both proposals, knowing, indeed, no better way of spending my Christ- mas holidays. I went to Melbourne and thence to Wodonga by railway, and from Wodonga to Tintaldra by coach over a very wretched and unmade road. Wodonga is the Victorian terminus of the Sydney line, and is situated on the southern bank of the Murray River, exactly opposite to Albury. Though the New South Wales town has gone far ahead of it in many way's, still Wodonga is a place of large trade, chiefly in sheep and cattle, as many as 20,000 being some times sold there in one week. I was therefore surprised to find the road to such an important place almost wholly unmade. But in fact the roads in Victoria and New South Wales, so far as I have seen them, are very far indeed behind our own. Thirty years ago I think ours were as good as theirs are now. From Tintaldra, a post and telegraph township on Mr. Watson's estate, we sent on our guide and four horses to Bringenbrong on the river Indi, and proceeded there ourselves on wheels, to pick up Mr. Walter Mitchell, who was to accompany us. From Bringenbrong we were to make a start for the mountains on the following day. The valley of the Upper Murray through which we had passed is a very rich and fertile : country, undoubtedly capable of supporting a large population. The flats are formed of deep alluvial soil, the washings of the river and its many tributaries. This land is capable of growing everything— potatoes, maize, corn, tobacco, anything you like. ' Tickle it with a hoe, and it will laugh to you with a harvest.' As a rule it is not held in very large estates. The number of free selectors is great, and this is their paradise. The land they hold is above and not below the average quality of the district, and that is very good. They have not yet perhaps required to use their land to the full extent of its great capabilities ; at all events they have not done so, for not a tenth part of it is cultivated. Here I did not dis- cover any class hatred between squatter and free selector. Mr. Mitchell is a squatter and comparatively a large landowner, but neither he nor the Messrs. Watson spoke with any class prejudice in discussing land settlement. Our guide was a free selector, and seemed devoid of all spite to squatters. In fact, on the Upper Murray the lion apparently is able to lie down comfortably with the lamb ; all classes seemed to me a happy family, living peacefully together. This state of matters is no doubt partly due to the fact that there at least the free selectors own very good land and are pro- sperous. The horses of the Upper Murray are exception ally good, and the young fellows very daring riders. Cattle, thrive well and fatten readily on the flats. Everybody seemed to have horses and cattle. At Bringenbrong on Monday, January 4, we (four men and six horses all told, two of the horses "pack") began to climb. At starting we went along the banks of the River Indi, which is in fact the Upper Murray, and the boundary between Victoria and New South Wales. After some hours' riding on these plains we began the ascent of the lower hills which lead up to the Alps. These hills are at first by no means lofty, but become bolder as you advance. By and-by, down a very steep and long decline, we lost much of the elevation we had made, and scrambled and slipped until we found our selves in the bed of the Kancobin. This river runs through a narrow valley of magnificent garden land. Its fine stream of water makes irrigation a very simple matter, and it would be invaluable for growing vegetables but for the difficulty of access and the unfortunate circumstance that when you have grown vegetables there is nobody to eat them. The great unpeopled solitude of the whole country struck me forcibly. Thus as we were leaving the lower regions we saw one boy driving cows, and we saw no other human being for nearly five days, until we were within eight miles of Kiandra, and there we met a solitary digger on a horse. The Kiandra Diggings were at one time rich, but are now almost deserted, yet I was assured that there is hardly a stream in the whole region from the sands of which you cannot at any point wash specks of gold. Nor yet did we see in all our journey on these mountains and over a richty grassed country any stock of any kind save wild horses. Neither is there much bird or animal life, save snakes, which are moderately plentiful. One day we killed four. The lower ranges are the home of the curious lyre bird, but they are shy and want waiting for. We only got one. On a tributary of the Kancobin on the evening of January 4 we made our first camp and had a bath in very cold water. During that night the horses required watching, as they were too near their homes to make it safe to trust them. We saddled up in early morning and proceeded on our way. Up and down you pass from one altitude to another, losing much, but always in the end gaining a little, you take the spurs as they present the best appearance of leading you higher. One deep and gloomy ravine, "Leather Barrel Valley," cost us a world of trouble to circumvent. Bush fires were about, and when we got into the thick of them the smoke made breathing difficult and the eyes smart. Once we stopped and con sidered how we were to get forward with safety. " You cannot ride along in this," said the guide— a fact which had already presented itself forcibly to my own mind before he spoke. Here the vegetation began to change. Hitherto we had been moving through large timber, mainly of the eucalyptus type, gums of various kinds, among which I noticed varieties unknown to us— box, white and red; the apple tree, a gum of little value ; the mountain ash, very like our stringybark, but giving better timber. Here and there, too, could be seen a tree from which some blackfellow in old days had cut his bark canoe, the bark gradually healing, but in all these years not yet closed over the wound. In the hollows lovely masses of tree ferns which would make the fortune of any collector of such things, and in one place what I have been accustomed to call the silver wattle grow ing with a clean straight stem 6O to 8O ft. high ; very grand and beautiful they looked. Some sweet-smelling shrubs and trees, such as the sassafras and musk, were frequent. There is little or no path through these forests; occasionally we stooped our heads and bored our way through vegetation in what we only hoped was the right direction. As we got higher we came upon a circle of very dwarfed and twisted gums of no beauty or value, well realizing Marcus Clarke's description of 'haggard gumtrees blown into odd shapes, distorted with fierce hot winds, or cramped with cold night winds, when the Southern Cross freezes in a cloudless sky of icy blue.' Through these, toiling painfully, we came into a higher region entirely devoid of timber. Here we were met and obstructed by much marshy land, the water from the springs on the sides of the mountain forming treacherous bogs on the small flats. The important question, too, arose, what are we to do for firewood? None was to be seen, and the night was wet. Much diligent search, however, revealed to us a miserable dead tree which at one time had lived parasitically in the protection of some huge overhanging rocks. After a feeble attempt to continue its existence the poor dwarf had given up the ghost and quietly passed away. We appropriated its remains and made our second camp in the shadow of tho rocks which had befriended it. Professor Watson being under the impres sion that the sun got up at 3 o'clock roused me from my sleep at that hour to see him rise. He said he thought "I would be sorry to miss it." I am not sure that for some moments I shared his opinion. The sun did not rise so soon as the Professor expected, but the half light of the morning was very charming, and displayed a scene which, though half- veiled, was one of great grandeur and beauty. A forest of mountain tops was around us. This group is Victoria ; that is New South Wales. From our imperial height we could lay a hand upon the head of each nation and give an equal and impartial benediction to both. Away to east and south of us on the level lands between Alps and coast range surged a wide area of moist vapour, out of which the black heads of the mountains abruptly rose. I felt the glory of the scene ; I wish I could describe it. But the sun came steadily up wards, beautifully tinting and flecking the sky, and sending the smell of the earth up to us in perfume. The moist clouds began to roll slowly up the valleys at our feet, and at once it was day. We leave our second camp, and now press on past the Ram's Head (6,600 ft.) and Mount Townsend (so the guide named it), which almost contests supremacy of height with Kosciusko. Twelve o'clock on January 6 saw us at the base of the highest mountains in all Australia. We rested our nags, and leaving the packhorses behind, rode as far as we could, reaching an easy distance from the summit. The top of Kosciusko is bare of all vegetation ; masses of rock are there, and through and over these you must wind your way, stepping from rock to rock as best you can. It is not a tough job for youth. When I succeeded in reaching the top I found Professor Watson comfortably seated upon the cairn which in 1867, when a lad, he had assisted to build. I, too, climbed the cairn, and for a few brief moments enjoyed the consciousness of occupying the highest position of any man in Australia— an experience which was as novel to me as it was delightful. Returning to our saddles we now steered along the crest of the Alps in the direction of Mount Bogong. As the day wore on there again arose the all-important question of firewood. Our guide seemed inclined to give it up, but after much searching we dis covered a dead stick or two a little off our proper course, and there we made our third camp uncomfortably. There is not at this date much snow anywhere; only on the sheltered sides of the mountains here and there wreaths were lying, the longest of which may be half a mile by fifty yards wide as a guess. Everywhere there is now a thick mat of short sweet grass, native carrots — dear to horses— and a wealth of flowers, though these are hardly yet in full bloom. Everlastings, of which there are many kinds, were coming freely into blossom. Can no use be made of all this finely grassed country ? I am told that occasionally for three months or so sheep and cattle are brought from the lower regions in seasons of drought, not otherwise. Yet it looks a richer country than Switzerland and cannot have a severer climate, and it ought some day to maintain a perma nent population, if they can stand as much cold as the Swiss. Meanwhile it is given over to the wild horse. He, in January, 13 working his way slowly up from the lower levels to his summer pastures on Mount Kosciusko. He knows well it will not do for him to come too soon, nor yet to stay too long. We found the skeletons of mobs of horses which in winter had been overtaken by snowstorms, and who, sheltering themselves under rocks, had remained until they died. The horse is an animal with little intelli gence, and no resources at all in cases of danger. But alive and well in his native home the wild horse is a beautiful animal, sleek and shining in his coat and free and proud in his movements. If you shout to him, at almost any distance, away he goes, streaming, head erect, and tail well carried, as amongst civilized horses only an Arab can carry it. They run in mobs of rarely so many as a dozen. The young males are expelled from the society, and, usually forming themselves into groups of three or four stallions, they wander about the country to gether, reluctantly enduring an en forced isolation from female companionship. They are often run in by those daring horse men of the Upper Murray, and are not so difficult to break as might be expected. Our companion, Mr. Mitchell, with his brothers had run in about 100. He told me with evi dent satisfaction of a mob of six which he had captured at one drive, and which, after break ing in, he had sold "for the Indian market" at £17 to £20 a head. One of our packhorses had in his infancy been a wild horse; he was captured whilst running at his mother's foot, and has long been accustomed to civilization; even his owner had to admit he was over thirteen years. This horse standing a little over 14 hands was a tower of strength. The dead weight of the pack he carried we estimated as equal to a man and a half. He had never been shod in his life, and he came through all that stony journey without limp ing and without showing symptoms of fatigue. The wild horses we saw wore dark in colour, black or brown ; we saw no greys, and only one chesnut horsewith a small mob of mares. From our third camp we steered for Mount Bogong, and after trying one side of the moun tain and finding it led to nowhere we went down the other side of it by a path which I should hardly have considered possible to horses. About halfway down I was told to dismount. I did so, and sent my horse down the precipice thenceforward on his own account. But as I had no nails in my shoes I was soon in difficulties, and reached the bottom, travelling largely up on various parts of my body, which I feel sure Nature never in tended to be used by me as a means of pro gression. I heard somebody laugh —may his conscience prick him when he reads this. Our fourth and last camp was lower down, and we had a comparatively comfortable time of it there, though in the morning we found the coffee frozen in the pot and the water in the pannikin. This day we altogether lost our way, and it took us twelve hours to get to Kiandra, which enjoys the distinction of being the highest township in all Australia. It is 4,640 ft. above sea level. Here we found a floral decoration stretching across the main street with these words emblazoned on it, " Welcome to Kiandra." We were glad to be there, and to be welcomed, but we were soon undeceived as to any per sonal application of the " welcome" when told that the Governor and Lady Jersey had passed through Kiandra on the previous day, accom panied by Mr. Dibbs and some others of the existing New South Wales Government, and local celebrities not a few. Everybody was delighted with the Governor and Lady Jersey. She had spoken to them, they told me, "as if she were an ordinary woman." It is difficult to realize what they expected. In any case she had greatly charmed them. Kiandra is a most interesting place. The Yarrangobilly Caves, with their wonderful stalaclites and stalagmites, are well worth seeing, and they are always finding new caves better than the old ones. Four miles from Kiandra is "Lobe's Hole," the original of the cattlestealers' den so vividly described by Rolf Boldrewood in "Robbery Under Arms." I did not visit it. The whole country through which I had been passing seemed studded with lobeholes. Bush fires, too, were about, which I was told made it difficult to see the pecu liarity of the place. It was said to me, too, that to get into the " hole" I had to jump my horse over the face of a rock, and to land on a rather slippery ledge. I remembered my experience at Bogong, and prudently remained at the Prince of Wales Hotel. The rainfall of Kiandra last year was 64.39 inches. Last year was a mild one, and the glass not lower than 14 Fahr. — that is 18° below frost, I think. Every year the roads to Kiandra are closed to traffic by snow, and the mail is conveyed by men on snow-shoes. These snow-shoes are pieces of the mountain ash, about five inches wide and eight feet long, slightly turned up in front at the toe. About the middle of the shoe there is a broad leather strap, into which you insert the foot, and a small leather pad which takes your heel. In use you stand upon them, and guide yourself with a long stick, which is usually between the legs but can be applied ad libitum to right or left, as the necessities of the case may suggest to you. They have annual races. I saw the racecourse. It is a quarter of a mile long, and about as steep as the sides of the Brownhill Creek, at Mitcham. The winning-post is reached when you cross the main public road. 'Where do they pull up?' I enquired. " Oh, anywhere on the flat there," said my in formant, pointing to a very unflat and ugly place for such an operation. Mr. Thurston, the obliging Postmaster at Kiandra, informed me that the present record for a quarter of a mile is 18 sec— that is at the rate of fifty miles an hour. Of course they are trying to "break the record." From Kiandra to Cooma by coach, crossing the Snowy River twice. The sources of the Snowy River and the Murrumbidgee are close to Kiandra. The former river runs south and east, but the Murrumbidgee, after running eastwards to Cooma, turns abruptly to the west, and after a long independent course falls into the Murray. From Cooma to Goul burn there is a railway. Goulburn is pretty, and apparently prosperous. They say it was a thriving township when Melbourne was "houseless" and "half swamp, half sandhill." From Goulburn to Mount Barker by railway. Time all told, fifteen days from starting. " Were you tired at the end of the journey ?" " I would rather not answer the question. I am sixty-eight on February 4, and in the mean time I believe I hold the record as the oldest man who has yet ascended Kosciusko. I do not mind admitting that I think a few years hence such a journey would be too much for me ; but should I go again, I hope I shall have the same pleasant companions and receive as much genuine kindness as met me on all sides in Victoria and New South Wales." 