THE JANUARY MAGAZINES, SECOND NOTIOE. An appoal - to the English people, by M. Shisbkoff, member of the Reliof Coinmitteo of tho Red Cross, for subscriptions in aid, of tlio sufferers by- famine in Russia, holds tbo premier; position in tlio Nineteenth Century. Tlio np.-i peal is profaoed with nn account by M. Shirih- ! koff, of his personal inspection of one of the faoiino strieken districts. This season the .crops have failed entirely in 22 provinces, con taining athird of the pcusnntpopuiation.' Twenty million touts who livo exclusively on the pro duce of their fiolda liavo lost their daily bread. The jurisdiction of tile writer of tho nrtiale extends over Samara only, nnd the approximate .number of people who will havo to rely until- the next harvest on private charity in this pro- vinoo is represented as from 175,000 to 200,000. 'Reckoning, one baked loaf and a ' half per head for eight months means an expen diture of from 2,000,000 to 3,000,000 roubles. About, one-twelfth of this sum lias nlready boon granted to the relief committee of Samara by the central Government, but 2,580,000 roublos (£258,000) moronrenoodod in this province alone. Ten or 15 times that amount is required to meet the, necessities of the other 20 provinaos, about. £3,000,000 in all, and judging from this letter rio fnrtho'r assistance is expected from the Russian: Government. The oabla lias informed us on different ocaasions of immense sums being: devoted to the relief fund by the Ozar and- Czarina, but no reference is made to those gigantio donations in M. Shishkoff's appeal. An artiole by Earl Grey expresses dissatisfaction with ,tho Govermnont for tampering with the free-trade policy of Great Britain. This contribution, which he has termed Protec tion — Free-trade— Fnir trade— Colonial trade, reviews what lias boen done sinoe tho commer cial treaty with France was signed in 1860, and alleges that all later declensions from free- trade may be traoed to the mistake tho British Government then made, which has produced a- reootion of opinion throughout the civilised: world. Tlio measures for imposing duties On' imports for the purpose of "protecting " certain branches of their industry from com petition, adopted with the assont of the! Imperial Government by the uobI impaitant. British oolouies,. have also, ho say b, -created, a general baliof that Great Britain has no longer any real confidence in tiie frecrtrade dootrines she sought to recommend to other nations. Con sideration of tho acceptance of a policy of pro tection by British colonics is, however, to bo ' fully discussed in a succeeding artiole. Another paper whioh invites perusal sums up the proba bilities of Imperial Federation for Naval Defence, by Lord Brassey. Ho con fesses that no praotioablo sohome has suggested itsolf for welding together more closely the several parts of the -British Empire in time of poaco, but thinks that "in war it would be quiokly seen that blood is thicker than water." The inatiuet of self preservation would show that in union there is strength. Ono of the ubiquitous globe trotters, Rev. Samuel A. Burnett, reoords his impressions of the various nationalities he reaentiy pnssod through in a brief summary designated Man East and West. He has gained valuable expori-' once by his contaot witli other nations,' finds that soma cherished prinoiples turn out to be prejudices, nnd that impression' coufliots. .with : impression, but .returns with a greater respect, for humanity, and "more' inclined to believe in his neighbor's 'strength; to, help himself .and more shy of scherites whioh profess to help him," India, with its 250,000, 000 ' inhabitants, Bpeaking 200 different languages,) appears less liomogenoous than Europe to the average Indian visitor, who, familiar only with Eastern customs, and speaking no modern language, finds Rome, Paris, Berlin aud London more aliko than Poonah, Delhi, Calcutta anil, Madras. Depressed with the look of stolid misory that prevails, the traveller is told that tho poverty of these swarming millions affects all plans of amelioration. " Why is education so ' backward ? Why are thero few school buildings —no publio libraries?. ' Tho. people aro too poor to pay further taxes' is 'tlio answer. 'Iii India, tbo annual income per head is only £2, whereas inTurkoy .it is £4, in England £33. ' " ThqbfRqinls strive, Mr. Harriett says, to develop responsibility among., the natives, to increase .virtue, happiness and wealth, but it is easy to see that '(there is no trust between governor and governed." The missionaries' aro not inoro successful. Thoir ovangol .' rouses little admiration, and "among the few who have ' beoomo' Christians there' is riot the ovidont zeal of first converts." -Repelled nt first by Ohinose manners and- customs, - tho tourist discovers hidden traits of almraoter that redeem tho rest. One of the oonvortsqt Chang- hai' tells Mr. Barnott that "a Oliinosc 'mer chant wili'koop to tho terms of an unwritton oontract, even though it bo to his own loss — a thing raroly met. among European merchants in the East," Of the Japanese, ".everyone knows," he sayB, "their quaint pretty ways, 'their swoetness of disposition, their politeness, their fans, and their curio3,"' but their versatility and onergy surprise him. Japan, with its manufactures, skilled workmen nnd men of science, now seems "like the most western of the Amorican States, " The position of : tho workers on the Paoifia slopes of the United States aalls for strong animadversion. "Never have I been conscious of tryanny or felt suoli sympathy with tho men wiio kill tyrants .'as I felt in California." . There out of rospeot for an individual liberty notorious abuses are oudurcd, and the weak are crushed by the strong. The writer eoneludes that everywhere mare prinaiplo is wanted, aud that " ail need the lesson taught by. Puritans, from Mosos dawn to Gordon." Oolanial readers will find tho papor in; the' Forum on The Seeret Ballot in Thirty-three' States, by Mr. J. B. Bishop, full of interesting matter. The introduction of the Australian ballot in tbo United States was due to the. chaotic oondition. of the election laws, and it is; declared that.tho rapidity with which the reform, advanced is without parallel in tho history of similar movomerits in that oountry. .. Syetom'atie, agitation was begun ia the winter of 1887 by tbo disousBionn of tho Commonwealth Club in New, -York, and although barely five yoars have since olapsod, three-fourths of all the . States of the -Union havo dcoidod in favor of tho new sy stein and will vote under its provisions ill one form or another in'tbe next Presidential election. None of the electoral laws framed on the Australian model call be said to provide a genuine Aus tralian ballot, bat mast bo considered adapta tions of our systom, while maiotainlng its intrinsic character of soorcoy. The corrup- tionists, who aro foiled by the - new departure, havo hit npon a fresh - plan for buying votes. As " they would not trust a bribed man to voto in secret " at tho last election ' in' New York State, " they hired him to refrain from re gistering." This method of bribery is forbidden .by the Corrupt Praotico Act of New York, but it is very diifioult to obtaiu proof of its praotico.. Tbe correctness of Dr. Giffcn's deduotions as to the value of statistias in dealing with, orimirial records' as set forth in his papor road beforo the Science OongreBs at Hobart recoives a ' fresh .illustration in an elaborate article answering the quostiou, Has Orime Increased in Massachu setts ? by Mr. W. F. Spalding, one of the Board of Commissioners of Prisons in that State. A local writor had been arguing that, while in the last 50 years the population had ia'areased from 737,700 to 2,238,943 — that is, has about trebled — -the number of prisoners had meanwhile Inoronsed flftyfold— 852 pri- -souors in 1838 against 44,908 in 1890. Mr. Spalding analyses theso figures, and proves that they nro incorrect in themselves, besides show ing that thero is no enlargomont of orime of a serious obnraoter, tho majority of committals Laving been for drunkenness and offences against order and deoency. Tho lottery system of Louisiana has obtained so firm a bold in that State that heroulean efforts are being made to stop the renewal of its lottery charter. Judge M'Gloin, of the Louisiaua Court of Ap peals, states the oase against the promoters,, rind a history of . the ' company is furnished by one of the founders -of the Antl- Lottory- Leagqe. From this statement it nppears that in addition to the monthly drawing, for which .tickets are sold alt over the country, the lottery has a daily drawing in Now Orleans. Through-, out the oity are shops where persons may stake their 25 o. or 509 dot., aud at 4 o'olook every! afternoon tho numbers are drawn. The com pany's profits amount to nearly 50 per cent, en - tho gross takings, and they freely bribe all who aro amenable aud likely to influence legis lators. Mr. Stead is always prepared for a new sensa tion, and tbe produotion of real ghost stories in the Christmas number of his periodical is the occasion for a vigorous onslaught on his mothods and policy by tbe writer of the first article in 1 the. Westminster Review, Everything is bsing inquired into nowadays, and Mr. Stead's tenta tive sllianco with the Psyebical "Research Socioty appears harmless enough. At present he is an ardent investigator, ''and thinks " telepathy may come to prove a cheap sub stitute for telegraphy. An Unsigned article on Colonial Government of Great Britain puts for ward tho view thnt we havo always maintained -T-that Imperial Federation postulates the prior and formal separation of the colonies and thoir erection into Governments co-ordinate with that of Great Britain. With the exception of Mr. H. M. Stanley's volumes on Darkest Africa, uo other .writer till Surgeon Parke has given a dotailod account of the entire course of tbo Emin Paslia Relief Expedition, and Mr. D..F, Hanriigan furnishes a brief. risumi of this latest record of African experiences. He states that many of the chargos against Sir. Stanley's managementaro refuted, and thatSurgcon Parko, while praising EmiriPaslia's generosity, deplores his vacillation and timidity, which fotmed a striking - contrast to tbo resolution, readiness and fortitude of tbe leader of tlio expedition. Miss Mathilda M. Blake states a strong enso in hor paper, Are Women Protected ? for their right to have a voice in the legislation of the -country. Numerous instanoes nro adduced of inadequate sentences passed on wifo beaters nnd other. assailantB of women. : Small thefts are punished frequently with five or seven years' penal servitude, while aggravated and -brutal assaults on women are dismissed with a fina or short period of imprisonment. -' Attention is drawn to the increasing annual expenditure incurred over Our Indian Frontier Expeditions by J. Dacosta, who pointB out that while tho revenue of Iudia is declining, the cost of main taining an indefinite -scheme of territorial' aggrandisement will soon necessitate an; appeal to the Imperial Parliament for a substantial con tribution to tho fund de.voted to the enter prise.- 