FICTION. From Enill.b, «m.rleito, and Oltiir Parlodlcali, THE LEGÂcTÔF JEWELS. CHAPTER XVII. MARION SOLVES THE CIPHER. It was six o'clock when Marion reached Morris Place. She let herself into the house, and as she went upstairs she felt some curiosity, not unmixed with anxiety, as to whether any further attempt had been made in her absence to break into the house. She found her rooms were just as she had left them, however, and with a sigh of relief and weariness she threw herself into her easy chair. The excitement and strain and fatigue of the «last two days had told heavily upon her strength, and she was very tired and worn out. But there was still a great deal to be done, and she grudged her- self even the first few moments of delicious rest fulness. She must be up and doing. She took off her hat and jacket, lit the fire, and then put the kettle to boil. She longed for a cup of tea. When she had this she was much re- freshed, and'then she went to her bedroom and had what she termed a " good wash," and came back to the sitting-room braced up and invigorated. She felt altogether different from the tired, weary girl who had crept slowly and rather fearsomely up the stairs'only an hour before ; and she was now ready agaln'for work. f t i The first thing \o be done was to see Ralph Gething, and get from him an explanation of his visit to Clergy-street. This troubled her exceed- ingly. She did not know how to form the questions that she must put to him, but the task had to be performed, however unpleasant it might be. She was not the girl to shirk it, though she would have given all that she was worth to have been able to escape from it. * ' She kne«v her lover's ordinary movements sufficiently well to be able to fix the time to catch him before he left home for his office. He left generally at a few minutes after eight o'clock, as he made a point of always being at the office punctually by june . and he came down to break- fast at half-past seven. In all these little matters he was as regular as a machine, as Mrs. Gething hadsof ten Baid. i «' ", j i * At half-past seven, therefore', Marion put on her hat, feeling very sad and anxious and nervous, and started. It required all the resolution she possessed to make her knock at the door of the Gethmg's house ; and even when she had knocked, she was half-jnolined to run, away. Mrs. Gething came to the door and uttered an exclamation of surprise when she saw the girl. "Why, Marion, whatever is the matter?" she oried ; " you look as pale as a ghost. Come in, do." " I want to see Ralph, Mrs. Gething," answered Marion, quietly. " Come in, child, do, and Jon't Btand there in the cold. You look perished, and no wonder," cried the good woman, who waa very fond of Marion, and was distressed by her looks. " Will you tell Ralph, Mrs. Gething, I want to see him at once, and on a very important matter very important to me ?" she added. " You look a good deal more fit to go to bed, my dear," replied Mrs. Gething, " than to talk about important business." And she put her arms aroundathe girl and kissed her, as soon as she had cloaed the door. " Why your lips are as cold as cold. Ralph isn't at home, my dear ; but come in and have some breakfast." "Not at home, Mrs. Gething," said Marion, turning a little paler at the news. "Where where is he ?" "He went away, on Saturday/ somewhere; I think he went out of town. He said he might have to go, but that he would write, and would be sure to be back to- day. I expected a letter this morning, rather; but he doesn't seem to have been able to write, for I fancy the postman has gone by. Come in, child." " No, thank you, Mrs. Gothing, I must go. Do you think he'll be at the office to-day ?" "Oh, yes, my dear, he's sure to be there. But I wish you'd come and just have a cup of tea; it might do you good," said Mrs. Gething, trying to persuade the girl. " No, thank you. I must see Ralph as soon as possible, and I'll go dowri to the office and wait for him there. Tell him I called, and want to see him particularly, very particularly, will you ? And ask him to come to me as soon as he comes in, supposing that is I miss him at the office." Mrs. Gething promised to do this, and tried again to persuade Marion to have some breakfast. But the girl was firm, and went away, leaving Mrs. Gething perplexed and worried at her look and unusual conduct. Marion left the house with a heavy heart at the news of Ralph's absence, and the false story by which he had attempted to account îor it at home She went at once to the city with the intention of see,ing him the moment he arrived. She reached Moorgate-street before nine o'clock and walked up and down opposite the large building in which was the office of Messrs. Quitter and Robinson, watching everyone who entered. The time passed wearily and slowly, and as nine o'clock approached she began to grow more anxious. She crossed the read and stood near to the door, scanning closely everyone who went in at the door. Nine o'clock was struck by half-a-dozen different clocks, but Ralph had not arrived, and, as she knew how much he prided himBelf on his punctuality, her uneasiness increased. The younger clerks began to arrive in a constantly- increasing stream, and many curious looks were cast at the girl, as she st«od close to the door, quietly observing all who went by. Ten o'clock struck, and still she had seen nothing of Ralph. Thinking she might have missed him, she went into the office and asked for him. He had not atrived, would she wait, they asked her. She eat down in the office and waited for more than an h»ur. Then someone came to her and told her that1 perhaps he had gone on some business first, before çjpming to the office, aa it waa moat unusual foe him to be late, and if that was the case he might not arrive for sr me considerable time. The girl considered a moment, and then said she would not wait any longer, but would leave a letter for him. " Dear one, I muBt see you immediately. I was at your house early this morning, and have waited here since nine o'clock. Come at once to Morris Place ; or send me a telegram directly you get this, saying what time you can come to me. Marion." When she had handed this to a clerk, to be given to Ralph the moment he arrived, she left the office to go home, feeling more sad and heart-brofcen than she had ever before felt. Apart from the keen desire n hich Marion had to be relieved from the suspense in regard to her lover's connection with the mystery of her father's death, the delay in getting from him the explana- tion debarred her from taking the prompt measures which she desired so earnestly to take, after her discoveries in Clergy-street ; and this part of the problem harassed and worried her on her way home. The wish to have James Linnegan , arrested, thwarted as it was by her fear that in doing so she might be placing Ralph Gething in a position of peril, galled and jaded her. As soon as she reached Morris Place these feel- ings increased tenfold. While she had been in the streets she had been in action, there had been something to do ; but now came a period of inac- tion, and to her active, energetic nature this was j almost unendurable. ' , , Feeling that she must do something, she remem- bered what she had almost forgotten in the excite- ment of the last few hours-the important dis- coveries she had made at Clergy-street about the secret of the cypher. She sat down eagerly to renew the work where it had been interrupted. She laid all the papers before her on the table and compared them again. The work was one requiring great patience and concen- tration of thought, but the few results she was able to obtain after a time acted as a powerful incentive, and she was soon deeply interested in the task. The clue which she had guessed at Clergy-street was that her father in composing the cipher had made use of the keyboard of the Hammond type- writer. On that machine there are in all thirty ordinary keys, each of which will print three different letters or signs, according as they are re- quired. This is arranged by means of what are called " master keys." , When one of these is depressed and an ordinary key is struck, it prints, a capital letter ; when the 'second of them is depressed, and an ordinary key is struck, it prints a numeral or fraction or some other sign. This latter is called the "figure" master key. Thus, for example, the same ordinary key, whioh, when struck, will print a, will, if the first master-key Se depressed, print A the capital ; or, again, if the figure master-key be depressed, it will print the numeral 7. The next key to this will print e, or E, or 8 ; according as the master-keys are, or are not, used. Marion's discovery at Clergy-street was that her father in inventing the cipher had used only those figures, fractions, and signs which the machine prints when the second master-key is held down > thus, it began ; f"lo9339], &c;, &o.; And her guess was that these signs represented the letters which would have been printed had the master-key not been held down. Thus, that f stood for v. ; " fort; 1 for g; &c;, &o.; With this clue the girl set to work to interpret the cipher. The first signs were : t" lo 9339180*6"2f"3 When; she had interpreted these letters, the result disappointed her profoundly. The letters corres- ponding to the signs were : '" / ^ vtgpiooiueok.hmvtc which was arrant nonsense, and as unintelligible as the signs themselves. For the moment this had dashed her hopes alto- gether and plunged her back into hopeless con- fusion. But the more she looked at the cipher the firmer was her belief that she waa on the right track. A most minute examination of the cipher showed her that every one of the signs used-and many of them were peouliar-could only have been produced if the figure master-key had been de- pressed; and, so far »b the typewriter was con concerned, could have been produced in no other way. Then she recalled what her father had said and written about her relying upon the typewriter in any difficulties. This revived her determina nation, and she went at the work with renewed confidence,. The difficulty to be surmounted now was, she felt, the secret of the order of the letters. In this chance helped her to a most fortunate discovery. She opened her typewriter and, in copying out some of the signs, made a slip, an unusual thing for her, but usual enough with a learner. She did not press down one of the keys far enough and printed a 1 where she intended to print 8\. This suggested to her that her father might bave purposely changed the order of the letters in this way, and that each letter was to be taken to indicate that which came immediately before it m the orderof thekeyboard, so that the cipher might be additionally difficult. She tried this, but the result was just as unsatisfactory as before. Then she re- versed the process, and tried whether each letter was to indicate that which followed it on the key- board, taking each'section of the keyboard by itself. On this plan she copied out the same letters as before : * i t"lo9389]8046"2t"3 The result was as follows : thmf oil o w in gar z th c She studied these letters for a minute, and then cried out with joy. " Hurrah !" she exolaimed, in her excitement, as she saw that the result showed four words with only four wrong letters The following ar th She was on the track now in reality. The only difficulty to be dealt with was that of the " e." How had he written this? She puzzled out a longer piece of the writing, and interpreted it as follows " Thm following arc thl particulars of my w'alth m'ntionad in my will," This was plain enough for a child to read, she thought ; but she determined not to rest until she had solved the difficulty of the " e's." She then copied out the signs which her father had used for " e's" in that sentence ; they were 12 3 4 6 6. Then she understood it in a moment. Whenever he had wished to write "e," he had used the numerals in rotation. Her check flushed with excitement and her eyes glowed with pleasure at having triumphed over the difficulties as she copied out the whole of the cipher and wrote the meaning over each letter and sign, and she learnt the secret of the hidden wealth. When she had copied it all and interpreted it, this ia what she read To my child, Marion. The following are the particulars of my wealth mentioned in my will :-I have hidden all because the death fear.ia upon me. I love my wealth, my jewel», my darling diamonds, my treasured emeralds. I would have them with me after death if I could. I love them; I love the sight and touch of them; the joy of possessing them; of knowing them to be mine, mine, mine. Houre» days, weeks, months, years, I have spent in gaining them, one by one, little by little ; but it has been a labour of love-a love that could never tire. There is ho sight like their lovely, flashing sparkle and their sweet, shining lustre. First: There is gold buried in my room at Clergy-street, in the right-hand corner, by the window ; the third board from the wall will lift, and the hole wil 1 be seen directly. Anyone can find this. Anyone may. It will lead to his own detec- tion ; for with the gold are the seal and the fish ornaments, which Marion can identify ; and who- ever has them-there are none like them in the world-is a thief, a eommon, easily-cheated thief, who will take the prize he finds in his hand and think he has all. Curses on him ; let him die, and bang out his tongue in useless anger at having clutched the shadow and missed the substance. The real treasure is really hidden. Take out the middle bar of the grate in the room. It is hollow, and the dirty resting-place of many dainty darlings-my diamonds and emeralds. I never would have a fire-I never wanted one-I could get warm by only going near the grate. The carpet is filthy with age and dirt ; but in the corner, by the cupboard, is a piece that will pay for unpicking. Draw out the wash-leather, which will be found where the carpet is doubled, and keep the contents. The heavy iron safe may be searched by any thief; there is nothing valuable in it. Mind, how- ever, not to throw away the heavy zinc ink-stand the dirty, grimy thing on my table, which people always laughed at-it is worth its weight, and more than it? weight by many times, in gold. The dirty lumps in it are emeralds, and will pay for washing. Search for a secret nook in the old bureau, where you will find a tin case, the contents of which will reward you for much labour. Remove the right claw on the front and look for a little recess ; a very small ring will then lead you to the secret of the hidden stones. There -are many dusty, dirty papers and parch- ments ; burn them, they are shams-but spare the large packet labelled Cancelled. It lies on top of all the others, gathers all the dust, and looks the filthiest of them. Ha, ha, it can bear with a bad reputation. S put the skin?, and see why. In it are fifteen notes of five hundred pounds each. Last of all, take heed that you do not light the fire with my old walking- stick. It would be a costly fire, and make you shudder with cold ever afterwards at the thought of what you have done It was,never out of my sight for twenty years; rarely out of my hand ; always within reach ; for I held in my hand five thousand pounds' worth of my darlings when I picked it ^ip. The crook is hollow ¡ and if yon press it and tarn it slightly to the left, and then raise it you will find the opening thal will show you the little long snakey bag, which is my best and biggest darlings' bed. The only man who will ever guess at this is James Linnegan. ? Beware of him ; he is dangerous, and to be feared. Simeon Hoajdley. (To be continued.) 