? Mm'stela, while no doubt elated with the result of the want of confidence ivision on Wednesday morning, may well say, "Save us from oar friends." Some of the hardest knocks given to the Government during the debate came from Ministerial supporters sitting in the corner; the occupants of which on the eve of a division are at all times a source of great anxiety to the whips oil each side of the House. However, both sides appear to be satisfied with the result of the division. The Oppbsitiott plume themselves that not only is the Ministerial majority being steadily reduced, bnt that some comer men made it clear that at the first convenient opportunity they will cross over arid join the Opposition on a division; while Ministers say, "All's well that ends well—we hold place and pay for thei present; let the future take care of itself." THE report of the discovery of A payable reef, at a depth of 2170 feet, at Bendigo, and the probability of a considerable field of gold-bearing reefs being found and profitably worked at much greater depths than has been heretofore thought likely, is indeed cheering news in these dull times, and is, to my mind, one of the most hopeful sipns of the silver lining of the black cloud of de pression with which this colony is at the present time overshadowed . From the reportof Mr. t)unn, the departmental inspector at Bendigo, it appears that the bottom of the Garibaldi shaft—in which mine the reef referred to has been discovered—is 2280 feet from the surface, and that the country at this great depth presents a most favourable aspect of being richly gold-bearing. The inference is that the new discoveries point to an extension of great magnitude of gold-bearing country. This is indeed cheering news, and all must hope that it will be found to be fully borne out by fiirther discoveries in this and other localities.' THERE.is reason to hope from Mr. Dunn's report that the reef above referred to will be found to extend for mileB, and then open up a very large area indeed of good gold-bearing country, although he does not think it likely that such rich stone : as has been just discovered will., be continuous for.'great, lengths. It will, it -appears, most likely be patchy. The saddle reef reported on has a superficial area of about 400 feet, and each foot in length produces about £100 woith of gold. Wellwishers of Victoria will hope that the patches of quartz at similar depths yielding such good returns will be numerous and not far apart, so that the miniDg plums may be many and the blanks few. IN connection with the mining revival, which has already commenced, and which we all trust will grow, it is to be hopedi that speculation of the wild cat • order will not take place to the detriment and thediBgustof the legitimate investor. The examples to be seen on-all sides of men who, a few years since, were well-to-do, and in many cases wealthy, but who are now penniless, would, one would think, be a standing object lesson of the probable results of undae speculation, and so would act as -a preventive of similar action in the near future. But young communities soon forget lessons of this kind, and, when a glimpse of prosperity gladdens them, men rush in pell mell to make that fortune for which so many yearn. Hence the necessity that all who can do so should sound, from time to time a note of caution. JUST at present, when the attention of the community is being pointedly directed to the necessity which exists for increasing, the riaWral productions of the colony, the show of. the National Agricultural Society comes in the very nick of time. The horses, cattle, pigs, sheep, etc., to-, geiher with the cheese, butter, bacon, wine, and other agricultural produce, (exhibited, therp, show what a veritable: bine of wealth we have in the land's of the colony, and emphasise the fact that, it is : in the' productions of the soil that! pur true wealth lies. It is to be hoped that the splendid exhibition of what'can be done in the /way of natural ( productions will give an additional, impetus to the movements now ^being, made to induce large numbers of men to recognise'the fa'ct th&t; the true solUtion pf existing 'difficulties jQik'e' for tfije' individual family is'weir'as for the' com : filtnre success of a colony. which can shbw such products as those exhibited at th$ show referred to, ] , , THE civil war—for; Bach ^thei several attacks by armed strikers really is-"-eontinnes in America. The latest outrageis an attempt, on the part of a number of switchmen out on strike on the railway line between New York and Buffalo, to wreck the New York express. It is impossible to conceive of any course more- certain to lead to the disastrous defeat of those who adopt it than tactics of this kind, or those somewhat > similar ones of attacks by armed mobs of which we have been more than once recently informed by cable. Tacticp of thiB kind are simply a challenge to society at large, which the latter must, in self-defence, take up. Even if snoh courses as those referred, to were for a time successful they mast finally end in the discomfiture and punishment of the workers who enter upon them. It is to be hoped that the common sense of Australians will keep them from any such stupid, as well as wicked, courses as those to which the American working man out on strike .resorts so readily and with such little hesitation or consideration. . It can but lead to one end —that of disaster, and discomfiture. It would be most, deplorable were it otherwise. IT is satisfactory to find that if the financial authorities see nothing to commend in Australia, they at least can say A Word in favour of some part of Australasia.' That is, if it ' be admitted that the latter includes New Zealand For we learn that the' Financial News declares that New Zealand " is on the high road towards a career of successful development." It is not so long since that Maori land was held up by financial journals aB everything that a prosperous colony should not be. We can all heartily congratulate our sister state on her re-entry on a career of prosperity, and express the hope that the other colonies will soon be able to follow her example* WHILE we in the colonies are, in the main, inclined at the present moment to look upon the darkest side of the picture—indeed, some will see no other —it is well for us to occasionally see ourselves as others see. us. And, this is what Monsieur La Meslee, a French writer, says of Australia:—"This new world, commencing where the old worlds finishj without enemies and without a past, peopled by a race full of energy, good sense, and ' moral .rectitude—her future is seen athwart the gleam of a resplendent aurora, and the true friends of humanity cannot but pray," etc., etc. Thanks very much, monsieur. As might be expected, there are a large ; number of country folk down fot the Agricultural Show. As a rule, it is your mart city main'who usually takesa " rise" out of hie less' astute country cousin, i But iri a conversation I heard the tables were reversed* The city man .was endeavouring to pfersuade a country, man to'take some rabbit-proof netting which he bad for sale, and was holding forth -on the "fact* that that particular netting was specially rAbbit-proof. "Ah," said the countryman, in his most stolid tones, and without the ghost of a: smile, that'stuff would beno use for: rabbits where I come from. Why,!' he added, M I was at a rabbit drive last week, and saw one fellow; who was outside the mob, deliberately jump on to the top of a 4ft. 6in. p»st, and sit thlere picking his teeth till a man threw -a whddy at hinij when he dropped off outside the wire fence aadwent leisurely across the plain. Talk about jumping fences like that; why, they'd hop over on one leg." m TAPLET. WHEBEVEB in Ireland the Unionists (says the Dublin Freeman) did not put up a man of their own they gave their full strength to the disruptionists ; and even—as ih'the constituency for whioh Mr. Timothy Harrington's brother recently sat, where "Unionists took the liberty of nominating themselves— the same result',followed. A. close calculation shows that at least 800 Tories voted for the " hillside.candidate in Mr. William, Murphy's division, St. Pajiriplrs.. ' -WITH' Mr.* Sexton's- election fn' Narth Kerry,neartyialLthe prominent:men of :thei Irish .pariy whom the .fortunes of.war de-. pijved ^ for. Only one case ofia doBble.returnjexists, in, Ireland—and^for "the matter of that, m the TJnite'd'kingdom— that is, L Mr.* William. O'Brien's, has been' eleotedbothfor the Pity off 'Cbtof ktidfor North East tJorfc - Had, ph' TaWne'r Stfsn^ubceBsful in Nortlr Galway thttt would Irave been two. The delator oan ndw fall back on his Cork seat, whioh the Bedmondttes idid not, after ail, dare;) to attack.- 3Jot aisinglei one of the seven divisions of jthe. great county of Cork'was 