A7TC) ATVnPTJTf^TVT GODDARD CLAIMS THE CHAMPIONSHIP. Fitzslmmons Again , Agrees To Meet Hall. THE DEFEAT OF MABER— AN UNACCOUNTABLE SETBACK. . Billy Smith and Georgo Dairson Likely to be Matched. G0DDAR1) AND THE CRITICS. The Barrier Boy Badgered. PETER MA HER AGAIN IN AMERICA. He May Bo Matched With Goddard. JIM CORBET I1 ' NOT AT HOMR ' FOR A TEAR. Mnldoon on Sally's Condition— Pontllglit Flashes — Pugilists who are Actors Choynskl nnd Godfrey— The Costello Oreggalng Match— The New Orleans Crab — Another Big 'Carnival George Daivson Doing Well Smith Thumps Slddons— Com- . ing Matches— The California Club— And the Latest . News and Gossip* (BT OUR SPEOtAL COHMrSSIONEB.) Sa» Feanoisco, October 14, 1892. ?Wore thoro Buch an institution as a pugilis tic weathor bureau in existence I think tho man whose duty it was to attend to the bulle tins would have to inform the publio tbat the glass was falling steadily, and that there Were itrnananfu nt ununt.f \ar\ iwntLf tinr fit I nTflP tlin world. Tho storm oroatod by tbo Sullivan Corbett fight ban not by any moans cleared away, and minor disturbances are vory muob in order. Among those latter may be mon tioned the faot thift JOE OODDABD 11AS CLATHED TKB WOBLD'8 CHAXFIONBHXF, and that Fitzsimmons haa, for about tbe sixth timo, agroed to fight Jim Hall at catohweijrhts. I might stato inoidontally that HALL- lflTZBiairONa UATCHI3 remind mo in a meosuro of Adeline Patti's farewell appearances. Wo think think that every ono is positively tbo last, aud within a year the durable little warbler ' comes up smiling ' for another farewoll. More of this anon, however. I moan more of Fitz. and Hall. Now I have euoh a largo and varied assort ment of itema on hand this mail that&I; am puzzled which oud of tbo tauglo to oommeuoe on. I think, howovor, that I bad better begin by tolling you something of the circumstances attending TUB DEFEAT 07 ' SHADOW ' HAJJEE, whoso downfall, I might remark en vnsBant, lightonod my pocket, but did not produce the fight occurred in Jaok Dempsey's club at Portland, Urogou, on tho night of Septombcr 20, and the Now South Welshman was nevor in it. Tho affair lasted twenty-flvo rounds, and it appears that Smith led all the way. That's what I oan't understand.. Had it been a stnbborn battlo. with llabor carvinc the Bostoniau'n face Into ribbons with that light ning left of hia, and finally gotting worn down by a sturdier young fellow than himsolf, I ooald grasp the situation readily. Bat here's X TYRO PBOlt TIBOVILLE, ' , an awkward, uninteresting lad, who, in com pany with Frank Kelly, draw out a fight at the Paoifio Clnb until tho cooks crow, and sont the bulk of the spectators either' asleop or homo, and this same bean-eating fledgling (rets in and whipa dashing— or supposed to bo dashing — Billy Maber, and comes through tbo ordeal with scarcoly a scratch on bis own anatomy, - . ' Anothor strange phasp of tbe thing is that Frank Kelly, who showed a long-windod fight with Smith, and was at last whipped by the merest kind of a fluke— or a scratch, as we Bay in America — trios to amble through. ton rounds with Mabor a month or two after wards, and is knocked into such a battered' and blooding lump o£ humanity within a few rounds that tho police call a halt to provont unnecessary homioido. It id strange, passing strange, my masters, aud I have no way of accounting' for it. I only know one thing, and that is that MABEIt's STAB AS A PUQIMST HAS BET IRREVOCABLY on this continent. I do not know what his Erospecta aro away up there in Oregon, or ow he is fixed in tbo mattor of worldly pos sessions; but this I do know, if I wore ho, nnd oironmstanoos farorod tbe proposition, I would flbnko tbo dnst of the Great Republic from my mocassins and stoer for tbe land whero tho wallaby warbles' out of doors and tho boomerang blossoms in tho sprinc-time. Here in a pretty concise account, olippod from a telograpnio ropbrt of tho battle. , Tou oan iudcre for vourBOlf how ? '. - TOE SHADOW MUBT HAVE DKTIRIOBATJSD :— ' Stnithstarted in to rush the Australian; and kndokod him down in tho first ronnd. In tho soventh round Smith tried the pivot blow, but fell short. Tho olghth round was opened with Mabor still on tho defonsive. Smith kopt up his rushes, but Mabor got away without muoh danmgo. In tbe fourteenth round Mabor was knooked down by a right hander on the breast, nnd camo np groggy. Just as time wai called ho was again knocked down. From tho fourteenth to tho twenty first ronnd Smith continned his rnsbos, and Mabor began to show tho effect of Smith's body blows. In tho twenty-fifth ronnd Maber was knookod down four tiniOB, and for tho last timo. Ho was declared out, and tbe fight given to Smith.' The excuse is offorod for Mabor tbat BE WAS VliRT SICK, anil that ho only weighod 1321b to tbo other fellow's 1401b. That is all vory woll, but in tbe early aUgea of a fight sicknosB does not obliterate clovorness. I oau reoolleot how that wheu Matter boxed Kolly he was sick, nud wbeozing like a aixty-cent accordoon, but that did not prevent that long, lean left of his from picking the oyos out of Kelly nnd koeping him suufiling blood from tbo first poke to polico Intorferenco. Why dnoll on tbo matter, howevor? It is a case of exit MABER, and that's all thoro in to it. Hold on. though. I must add that tlio grand jnry of Portland indictod Dompsoy, Smith, Mabor, and sundry seoonds and timokoopors for participating in n. nrizo fiirht- I dnn't itnacritin for a ninmntife that thn men will over bo nentoncod to a tonu of imprisonment, but It only goon to show that misfortunes novor como ninglv. It was onough for the poor Shadow to have hia pugilintio light doutod by a third-rater without becoming entangled in tho monhoa of the law. A' soon an Mr. Hilly Smith, of ' Hoating,' gets through hi* littlo difficulty with tho powors that bo in Oregon ho will bo offered A MATCH WITH OrOIUlK DAWflON. Thia, of coiimo, If Damson ha« no othor engagement on hand, Tbon wo will know for a cortaintv whether Smith 1b really a suddenly tiovolopod phonomonon or only a youth who struck a tomporary atroak of good luck. JOE QODDAIID has not made a vory good imprension in the lOaut. As I intlmatod in' my lant lie coin menood u tour undor Billy Madden'n manage mont ivftor the New Orleans oarnivnl ended, and all of the pniiiliatlo eitios who havo aeon tho Harrier rusher perform pronounco him n, ' dub.' I am iuollnod to think that they will alter thoir opinion wbon thoy boo him gloving for koopa. ilard- hoaded Joo la not tho kind of fellow to box iu pink tights to slow music. So w not to got ahead of my story I must tell you^that on bio arrival in Now York from NowOrloanu joe cnALtxi;aco jm coiuistt, and 'the nnlvorno inolutlod, for COOOdol or 10,000dol aside, nnd Uio largest pnrtpo obtain able. It was polntod out to Joo a day or two aftorwards tbat ho had not pootod a forfeit, and ho immudiatoly lsxuod the following additional defl i— ' Bovoral sporting men who read the ohallongo I hound having Tiulnuated that I fuiled to post any money, I wish to state tbat It waB an oversight on my part), not knowing tbe custom of thia country. Now I have postod lOOOdol with Rioliard K. Fox, and I stand ready to nrrango a nmtoh with Jim Corbott, tho Champion of tho World, for 5Q00dol or 10,000Jol nsido, and tho largost purHo tho Olyiiipio or the Conoy Inland Athlotio Clnb will offer. Corbott. as tho roooKiiiBod Champion of tho World, having defeated John L. Sullivan, the holder of the championship, must defend bis title against nil kma-Jide challenges. Tburo/oro, if ho ignoros my challenge, which is backed up with lOOOdol, I shall claim the title of Champion of tho World, and stand roady to defend it againnt Potov Jackson, whom I fairly defeated in Molbourno, Australia, or any otbor pugilist. I do not wish to drive Corbott to the wall, but I shall insist on bis either fighting me at any roasouablo time or olaim tho title. The above challeugo is open for four woeks.' Having plaood hia joint in tbe oven, bo to irpoak, joo and Madden looked around for some method of TUP.NINO A NIMBI.I! DOLLAR, '? and a three-night fistio dlBplav was arranged to tako place at the Ariel Club, in Phila delphia. Goddard undertook to moot A DIP7EREKT HAN EACH EVENINO, and wbilo he was trying to establish his right to be classed with Corbett and JackBon, tlio morcilws oritics got in thpir'deudly work on him. His first opponent was AN EX- rOLICBJlAN NAMED WILST, and, although , Qondard . sickened the retired pie- biter, it was Sashed all over tho country that Joe was a counterfeit. His opponent the next night was a colored Philadolpbiau, numed ' '~' ' ' ' '? ? ' ' ' . ? ? JOBI10TLEK. ? ' ? This is the ' way ° a Fhiladolpbia paper doscribod ' the sbt-to i— u In the first .round Butler want at the Barrier Champion in a way that meant business, and in the middle of the round ho sent him sprawling to tbo floor with a right-hand swiug. When Goddard got upon his pins the colored boy Bailed right in again, and in some infighting had all the best of the exchanges, winding up by smashing tbe Aus traliau on tlio no»«, and outtiug that momber UCU|t HIIUU^U IV UV lltlil(U]fblViO 1IUUI.UU U»H ID of the house. Both inou wero dociiledly groggy at the cult of timo, and neither nppa rentlv had Btrength enough left to make a dent 'in soft butter. ' .:?... ? ' ' At tbo call of. timo for tho sacoud round Goddard stdrtod iu oh though he mount to liniBh bis man in jig time, nnd -forced him to tho ropes. Iu avoiding a swing .Butler fell, bnt was up nud nt It in n moment. , Goddard made a vioious swing, but missed, and then Butler soured a clean knock-down with u back handed awing. . ?. .??'..??; ' -Whon Goddard got up the punchini; was fast and furious, but there was little steam behind the blows of either men. Goddard's superior weight, however, began to toll, and Butler was all but out wbeu time was callod. The tbiril round was in favor of Goddard, but he could not put liutlor out,' although bo would havu doubtless; done so had not tho round been cut Bhort. ,. ? , , ( ,:.- , 'At tho oonolnsionof. tho. bout the reoop .tiou toudered Goddard was* anything but a fl.attoriug one.. Billy Maddon. endeavored. to mako some remark,,- bnt could -hardly mako himsolf heard. He said in substnuoo that iu alibis fights Goddard- had -shown great wil lingness to stand pmiisbmont, and tbat hia star bad never posed us a skilful boxpr. Any body who witnessed last', night's perfonnanoo would be perfeotly willing to believe it.' I can imagine poor Joseph's feelings away thero among Btrangorfl; with his' nose out deep enough to be aeen allovor the house, and tho best judgeB in the country are telling him that* ho wasn't fast enough- V ' TO HEAD'pPF A 'BULLOCK TEAM travelling up-hill.' His'miaery 'did not ond with the Bullor affair, ? howover, as ho still had a night to go.. His third and last oppo nent in Philadelphia was;-1' .- ,-???? ,..?'.' . ? ? MIKE BRENNAN, .' . ,? , a California Irishman/ who a few years ago bad to fight hiB'way to- glory- under the.name of tbo Port Costa. Giant. According to the Philadelphia papers, the ,orowd;whioh packed the Ariel Club, on the last bvening was tho lurgoal over sbon'thore, so.that / ; ?: ; ,- - .'.: ? ; JOE WAS OETTINO THE 8T0r» : '.-'., oven if he wasn't'opvoring JiiinBolf with gloryi Bronnan,' it is' .stated, recoivod, whatever audible encomiums wero flyinir! around, and Goddard felt constrained to mako a speech. ' ' Gentlemon,', ha said, '! oamo.horo to spar, but I don't want to Bpar.. I.want to fight. Tho Prosa wonders how I. ever beat anyono, but I'havo fought thirty finish fights ; more than any other fighter in. tho world, and I always fight fair and square. It's British, English, and Irish blood which makes mo win my fights. [Whow !i thoro's a combination.— W.W.N.] The Press seems aarprisod that I stayed ..?.,',...,..... ? . : , - . ONE EOUND WITH JACKBON, but I tell you the day is not far distant when I willfiifht him again; and thou I'll show thorn. lye had my plans postponed by an accident, and I am fighting uudor dilflcultios. My arm is laid up.. I onme'ihoro to fight not to spar, and lam going to fight. I'm not sciencod cnonch to make a aot-to.' - I want to flght. I am the. ',. ..... . -ir . ? ONLY LEGITIMATE JflOHTEB THAT ETKB CAME T0~TBIS COONTBY.- v ./ I backed inyself , in ' my first fight with my own money. I.paid'my, own fare and my brothor's. I havo plouty of money, and I left some over in Australia. .1 am not trying; to catch puraos, ahd'I am not bii'mmiiig.1' Yoa oan imagine by the rattled manner in winch Joo anoko tbat. lie was hot uudor the collar. Anyhow, tho naughty boys advisod him to'' chooao.' and 'come off,' so he wont to his corner and 'put on bis gloyei. Tho boat is deBoribcd as bolng ''?;.' OLTI1ISY AND LADQItABLE. : , . ? Tho Bcribos of Philadelphia sajd that Bronnan made the better showing, that both mon foil ovor thoir own' feet ropeatodly,' aiid that tho whole Boanco was ' rnnk ' nnd ' positively painful.' Oneroporter says- he hoard pooplo after the show condemning the Ariel Club for having : ._ .... ' ' ' : SUCH COUNTEnrEITB AS OODDABD around. Tbe roporter upheld the olub. Ho said that'on account of Goddard's roputation it showed outerpriBO in soenriug him. ' That ho \i a duffer and cannot make a good show ing,' -ays the aeribo, 'is no fault of the club. It is hia own fault aud Maddea's mia fortune' Now, what does all tbia portend? It seems to mo that Goddard, as a champion, has fallen as flat as temperonoe tipple iu this country, and, tlinrefore, what a hurrioano of astouishmout will sweep acrowi the prairies if ho gots a big matohand landn it. If iiowb papor criticism goes for anything, tbe botting uRiunst him when matod with Corbott, Jnck Ron, Sullivan, or Slavin will be aoraettiing liko three to ouo, and then if tbe Ruiber has got all tho backing bo saya ho will have a big cbanco to got RUVXNOE AND PROFIT at one and tho samo time, and I am a groat admiror of Goddard, and I think he is (load gamo, and I fool suro he will givo n good account of bimnolf in any finish fight that ho engages [So do wo, Ed. Ulticbke], but at tho sumo time I think BUM.1VAN , is abont tbo only ono of the big four that ho lias anything like au ovon show of downing. I would vory muob liko to sno him SENT AOAIN8T BLAV1W, and thon if the Barrior Boy oomos out on top, I will say : ' Good luck to you, old fellow. I was mistaken a« to your qiiftllfloatlona, ami it°H not the drat time by many that I have boon foolod.' Woll, Joo lWud through all tlio uuYorso orltioiiDi BiioiTt'tou Tip-^n him, dnn took up tho theme or his Oorbctt olmllenfu whon ho got buok to Now York. Ho annoiinuod in all aerlounuens that ho would claim the World's Championship if Corbott did not come to torms, and, at far aa I oin learn, the daya of graoo having olopiod, and ho now call* him self THE PREMIER PDOILIBT Or THE WOnLD, i don't think, howovor, thoro oror was a tltno wheu tho old ShckeBpearlan query, ' Whafaiu a name,' wos moro applicable. Joo's aaaamp tiou of tho nunUiiitlo promlcrBlilp will not add a dollar to hia drawing capacity. Corbott will still rako In the shekels, and tha Atnerioan sportkg rrorld will still maintain that VETER JACKSON Is tho most dangorous man In tbe ring to-day. J cannot but holp notiehiff that tho mention of Jaokson'n namo has re freahod my memory, that Goddard fre quently refers in torraB of scathing rebuke to tho manner in which ho was troabod in the Jaokoon match in Molboume. Iu ono plaoo I road tbat he olaimed ho had boon BOBBED OT A JUST DECISION by tho roferoe, who was a particular friond of Jaokson. How about that, 'Amateur t' TOTUE HALTER. is once moro on Americun Boil, and thoro is some talk of mstcbinir him with Goddard. Peter Jaoknon will also be bounding bitbor ward ovor the briny in a few days, and 'ho his own behalf. Slaviii, it is thought, will also hie him Now Yorkwards boforo the nud Bon froosen over, fio that by tho timo tho next big mail boat points her prow to Australia I hope to bo in a position to state tlmtlong aufforiifg Joe Goddard is matched, and has a chance to vindicate his character as a bruiser. JIM CORBETT won't fight for a year, ao that it is littlo nso of Jackson, Goddard, or anyono elae barking lip-Pompadour's tree. Ho made the reserva tion beforo defining the extont of his oloso season tlint ho would give Sullivan a return match if John L. folt that way, and that ho would accommodato Charley Mitchell- if Charloy cared to visit America. To. all others Jim will bo 'not nt home.' Tills being tlio oano, tho unemployed 'hruisors muut seek other game than tbe so-called World's Champion, nud I, for one, am anxious to see what combinations tho pugilistio kaleido scope will ovolve. .'?.''? Corbett has a play oallod .'?.,-. ' GENTLEMAN JACK,' ' in which be is coining money. It is almost. unncoeaBai-y to say that ho is the hero.. Tlio mean man of tho piece is Charlio Switchell, an English snob of a fighting turn, who gets thoroughly woll larrupod boforo tlio curtain falls. Jim Daly, of Philadelphia, was to have impersonated Sn-itobell, but Daly kicked because Corbott SMOTE HIM TOO HARD in their exhibitions before tlio footlights, and now John Donaldeon, wfco paid vou a visit onco on a timo, noses as Corbott H animated panelling bag. 1 road a lotter from Corbott a few days ajjo, in which ho ronmrkod, ' I intend to mako all I can' out of tbis viotory.' No ono can blame him, and, indeed, Petor Jack son, with whom the world at large is anxious to seb Corbott matched for the ' really' champiouship, nuniita that Pompadour Jim ia entitled to rest on' bis Inurels and mako some money. .IN THE SHOW LINE. At the same time tho publio will begin to obafe at tho delay, I think, if Jim insists upon starring for a whole year, and no doubt Jaoksou hiiimelf, if loodinsr au enforced sedontary life, will bo growing - BLUE MOULDY FOR WANT O? A BATUfO. ' We are all on tho tip-toe of expectation to hoar what will transpiro whon Potor readies this Bide. ' His coining has not been propared by any declaration of war, bo to speak, aud, tboroforo,. whatovor bo has. to, say in the Corbett connection will be brand new. The indications are that if Peter objects to Hie length of Corbetfc'B lay-off t.ho Eastern Press, or a. big section of it, will uphold Jaokson, nnd preasuro will bo brought to bear upon Corbott with the object of Rotting him to fore go a portion of his theatrical tour dud GIVE THE AUSTRALIAN CHAMPION BATTLE. Cortainly when Jim said tbat he would til tor bis programme so as to apcouimodato either Snllirau or Mitchell he oponed tho way for discussion aB to why bo can't mako similar arrangements to suit Jnckaon. Anyhoiv, shampions and' intending ' champions aro skittish oreaturcB at tho bost, so tbat Instead of figuring on what may happen, I Bnpppse, the DoBt thing to do is to remain quiet and let things shape themselves. JOHN L. BULLITAN is not by any means a dood cock in a pit. I moan so far us his ability to draw a big house is concernod. Snlly ia on tho road just now in his now play, to wit, ' The Man from Boston,' and ono dramatic oritio wont so far as to say that ho is ; ? ? ? ' -? - ? . ? - A LOT BETTER ACTOR THAN COBBETT. Howover, John's show is drawing like a mustard-plaster, bo that with a little business tact he will bo ablo to pnt togothor sufficient within a year or two to keep uim comfortably in his decliuillK years; Various wild .. rumors have been fly ing around during tbo past few woeks to the effoot that Sullivan had boea . DBUOOED IN HIS RECENT PIOHT, and that ho. intended to ohallenge Corbott again. Sullivan doolines to father the state ment that he was drug^od, but bo is oxtromoly. non-committal oa to his intentions regarding another challenge. He Bays tbat he mayor may not ask for a return go with Corbott, nud in the raear.timo Johston, his principal hooker in the past, states in an unequivocal manner that Sullivan has not a ghost of a show of reversing tho verdict reoently roturned at New Orleans. ? , \- BILLY MULDOON, of Grmoo-Bomau fame, did not miss the chance of a bit of advertising wbilo the after math of tie Sullivan-Uorbctt fight was still pungent. Billy gave out Unit Sullivan was very poorly' trained for tho encounter, or rather not trained at all. That be was filled tip with tbo idea that ho had ' a pudding ' in ' Pompadour,' and allowed to indulgo every whim whilo'at work ; that ho was, in fact, saorified on tho ultar of friendship. Mul doou proposod to tako Sully in hand, back him with his own money, and send him against Corbott in such shape tbat when the battlo was over beacon fires wonld blaze on all tbo hills of Boston. To usoa slangy term, Muldoon'R vaporings wero rogardod as the Euro.it kind of ' guff,' and ovou John L. imeolf iutimntod that BB WOULDN'T ALLOW BILLY TO BANDLX A ? i LAME DOO FOR HIM, theroforo, the wholo thing foil flat. ? I must not forgot to tell yon that Corbett's viotory ovor Sullivan provod an endless aouroo of inspiration for pocta of evory grado. Join's praises woro aung in evory shape, and those who had no original ideas in the matter of verse-making produuod overy known spooimen of song from '* Tarara Boom-do-ay ' to the ' Kock of Ages.' I don't think I oror waded through bucu A SKA OF INEFl-ABtE TWADDLE in my lifo, but still tho poem-jorkora will con fer a boon on tho long-aufFcring editors, for aftor tho way thoy (the pooU) havo guahod tbomaolvea into a tired condition ovui- brave Pompadour, thoy will surely have no energy loft to prnto about tho boca and buds and babbling brooks that aro annually libollod so much when the upring comos round, Woll, now, I gnoBB I'll let tho big fellows go for a few wtoka, and toll you somotbing about tho smallur fry. Firat of all, it is my duty to chroniold tbat bob riTzminiONs has boon, and I bolievo is p til] , on the road with a kind of a rough and tumble drama, entitled, 'Tho Horoio Blacksmith. ' Bob doosn't rnsh out from tho forge in a dreaj auit, as Sully wiod to, and roucue a youug Udy from a runuway horse. Neither doos bo rocito thoflo lines anont tho pproad ing bliwksniith troo and the vlUago oliesnut. He pimply bhoco an old oirous bronco, speaks a fow lines in a aqac&Uy; voice, boios a hit, aud gota blsnod. Tbo hlialiig i« poronniai, I think, In Bub'n oo-io, for the American public will novor forgiro him for witirrisa jaoit Dsuraer, Anyhow, tlio play 1b a front, (lie ghost ha« ohrmilo inflammatory rhouiaatitm, and Bob )m« to dn «oilH.lliln,T to knop tho pot boiling. He has for a long timo boon holding out that bo would not flfflit Jim Hall nnloait Jim came to 1631b, but afrelimntatioos otter oaacs, ana E0D tTAB AT LAST A0U3Et) TO GO JTJl boforo tho Olymplo Olab, of Now Orleans, In Fobruary, nt ontoli wolghta. The pnrto ia 15,000dol.. and Hall Is yot to bo heard from. He ia iu England:, and ft Is not likely that ho ho will rofuso. I bopo that tho Auntrallnns will roaliy get togothcr this timo, for, In common With otliors, I am aweary of dolny. JOS CSOYKSKI AND OEOKaU OODFRBY box to a finish at the Conoy Island Athlotio Club on October 81. At pretont Joe la a faro rite at 100 to 70, bnt I think he is going to have a hardor bitttlo than hia friends imagine. I Joo won alright.— Ed, He?.] ALECK OREOaAINS AND MAETI1J OOSTELLO meet boforo the Conoy Island Athlotio Olab ou tho 2Stb. After their last Bbowing it appears to me that Greggaina should win if the fight ia not Btoppod again. Poor old ' Buffalo' is not tho man be was six yoars ago, by any moans, and I think his daya of uaofulness as a ilghtor are ovor. Thero was a good deal of disappointment hore at the NON- ARRIVAL OF DAN CREEDON on tho Alamoda. It ia now stated that he will got hero by tho Mariposa. If he comos he will bo euro of a good welcome, and will not bo long out of work. Men with reputations like bis are pretty wall ' ALWAYS IN DEMAND, but the grass iB very short here for any bnt firstratera'. ? ' ?' ? The New Orleans Club, aa I understand it, is going to arrange auothor .?',-. \ BIO PItOORAMME OF F10HT8 for Mardi Gras time. The Hall-Fitzsimmons mutch will be ono, and I am utirinir upon my fneuda m.Now Orleans that they will do well to get a go between ' ri OEOROE DAWBON. AND TOMMY RYAN, '- of .Chicago. I hopo to havo some dofinito' nows about it next mail, but' I must Bay that from a: little ^interview I had with Ryan in Now Orleuns, it lookod to mo as if he was not particularly nuxious to get at DawBou. Some poople tliiuktbat ;? ? ? ? OORBETT AND CHARLIE MITCHELL will »lao bo offered a^matoh in tho noxt Now Orleans oaruival, aud othen again tbiiik tbat George Dixou 'and Johnnie GriOSu and God dnrdaud Slavin or Sullivan will bo selected. It is all gueiaivork, howevor, and the only matoh officially spoken of is tho .,?'.- ? - HALL-yiTZSUlaONB AFPAIE. ' ~ '. Talking of Dawsbn, I must tell you that I had Georgo' aiid hi« friond, Eddj- Grcuney up at one of our ProBa Club rocoptions. We wero entprtainiiig Jjilliau Eussoll and other theatrical and qperatlo notables, and tho idea utruok us that it would be a good thing to give tholadiBB . . ;AN IMITATION BOXING MATCH. Goorgo nnd Eddy gavo a representation of the Sullivan-Corbett go nt New Orleans, and our lady guests simply 'went wild with delight. The. jrroat and only Lillian stood up on hbr chair to get a bottor view, aud somo of our locul bolics aasiirod'mo that they will bo wishing in thofutnro that the California Olub ehlartuiuuiouts woro opou to ladies. : ' ,' DAWBON IB DOING WELL hero. He has some nipo olasaos of pupils, and is moving in. ii good oircle. I introduced him to Harry Jewott, tho newly-arrived Australian aotor, up itt tbe Press Club reooption, and they had a good old ohin about mutual friends iu Australia. -:»..:.. ,: 1 think I havo montjonod ' '???;i. ?'.??'? ; ? SOLLY SMITH, tbe little hard-bitter from Lou Angeles in some of my former- lotterH. . Well, he recoutly wonfc against a hard : game in tlio California Club. His opponent was George Siddons, aNew York fcatbor-woight, r.nd if Burge is entitled to bo called Ironburk Jimmy, Siddons is worthy of being dubbed ' . ' . /' GUTTA PBROHA GEORGE. : He_ can't doliyor worth d cent, but, 'Oh, Mommer.' how llO Can talrn hfn rrrnol HmifTi flogged him. around tho stomah and head for 55 rounds, anu tlie 'affair had to bo stopped. It wasn't cillod a draw, aud it wasn't oalled .' no ; contest^' 'It was Bimply unsatisfatory for Smith couldn't finish Siddons.and Siddous oouldu't finish Smith. Tho olub gave them 500dol. apiece out of a 2000dol parse; and now . BMITH IB .'MATCHED WITH VAN HKEST. '. Johnnio Griffin recently whipped Jimmy Lyuoh in five rounds, at Conoy Island, and noiy '-.'. ? ' ' .-, ? :' . ' : ? ' ? ?? '?;.;:. r , ; BILLY MUEPHY ' wants ,'a po at GriiDn. He licked Johnnie bbfore, and I think ? . JOHNNIE REMEMBERS THE OCCASION DIS '. ( .-' ? , ?? ;?' ???'? / TINCTLT. Johnnio wants. to fight Bixon at 1201b, but Dixbn names' 1181b; I think Griffin will havo to turn his attention to Murphy,' who says ho is'noti particular ''to a, pound or two, you know.' ; - ?.'' ?' ' ? '.^\\.' '_?'./, ' Wb have, a new club here named the ' '???-.'- ? --'PALO ALTO. It'has tho old quarters of tbo California Club, and seems to lmv'o started out well. . DANNY NEEDHAM AND JOE AOTON are the. leading spirits in it. Its matoh this month. will bo between M'Caun, tbo Phila delphia middlbrweigbt,' and tho Black Pearl. Both have been whipped by ; ? XBONY-UUED QROUaE TURNEB. . iTurner has also alight ou band. It will take place inNovenibor at tho Paoifio, bis opponent being Jim Wiiliams, of Salt Lake City. THE CALIFORNIA OLUB'S - . match this month is botwoon Johnson, an 12aatern light-woiglit, and no'gro Bob jDobbs, who defeated M'Konzio. All tho matohes in sight, thoroforo, aro between whitoa and colorod bruisers. FBANE QLOVER, THE WELL-KOWN HEAVY . WEIGIIT, r ... . . diod recently in Chicago. His ailment was consumption. That rominds mo that news hua boon recoivod . of tho death of Diok Matbews in Now Zoaland. Wo , don't know whether to bolieve it or' not, as* we hoard of Matbows lighting dt Jamacia reaently while on his way to New Orleans. : . Tho California Club has bcon under 'THE LAB1I OF' PUBLIC CRITICISM '. lately, owing to somo crooked work boing dis coverod amongst its directors. It was provod that ono of thorn had been taking commis sions from flghtors. for procuring mutches. Tho offender was let out of the directorate, and everything will go smoothly in that direction. It looks, however, as if tbe onoo famous olub is losing iU grip. Cortainly CHEAP AND NASTY MATCHES seem to be the rule now instead of important contests, as in days gone by. — W. W. Nauquton. 'Did nnyono ovor notico a somowhnt peculiar circumst«ncu which often crops up rouardinn tho Mulbournu Oup nnd Derby ?' says Vajjnuit. ' I innaa tho fact of the lottors iu tbo nanios of tho winner ofton corrospondinp in nuinbor : Coniiuoncing iu '01 I ilnd that Arcbor nnd Camdon woro successful; tho noxt yo.ir the winners Tiara Archer and flarwon ; Ijantorn did both tricks iulSM; thon enmo Tho Hard nnd Seagull, the doublo to Briosis, Chnster and Grand Flanour; Tho Assyrian nnd Navi)(tt.tor woro tbo fortunato pair in '82, then Mnrtini-Honry, Malua nnd Rufua, Tiidcnt nnd Arsenal, Ensign nnd Dunlop, and now wo havo Oumoolu- mid Glnnlotli. This Bystem of lmckinp; winni'ra ia just about as successful nnd BcuslbUi ivo nmny that n.ru more highly thought of. Tho only infnlliblu syBtom of winninp; money on tbo turf is to Imnk ftll tho liormjn in tlio race on tho nod and forfrut to puy up aftor tho ovent for thoso whicii did not win. Droadnought'a sorvicoa aro bninu; largely availed of this season by Huwko'u lJay breedora, and tha lion, Mr, Oriuond 1b not liltoly to have to rcL'rot his purchaso of thv ?on of Choator and Trsifulgar, Tony ownort nro notified that the noxt mooting will bo hold at Botany on Tuosday afternoon, November 22. 