An Ode To The Modern Walts* 'Tis a Mild of mild gyration, 'Tis the " Military Waltz A sort of marchc ftmebre, mixed With, some very sudden halts, As your partner, vainly striving1 To revolve, is forced to stop; And your manly arm is aching', And'you're nearly fit to drop; While the moments are so melting1, And you eaii't account at all, For the ponderous persistence Of the "Fairy " of the ball Her weight is but a trifle, If she steps upon the.scale ; She looks so like a Zephyr That you crowd on. every sail * With a feeling1 of elation, With a consciousness of power, You go, for twenty yards at least, At forty knots an hour ; But a deadly drag is on you, And, alas! your dream is falsi?, For you find you have to wrestle TJTith the " Military Waltz This Waltz, which isn't Waltzing, But a dreary dull parade Of automaton-like figures, Looking somewhat " ready-made " As they zig-zag, slide and shuffle, Turn round twice, and then appear As if they "really had to stop," They felt " so very queer." Where is the old-time waltzing ? And the waltzers, where are they ? Here's a lady fair I waltzed with Twenty years ago to-day, " We'll tiy a turn for ' auld-Iang-syne' She smiled, and took my arm : She weighed about two hundred pounds, But her waltzing- was a charm ; Her form was somewhat solid. Yet her step was light as air; As we floated round the room, I, Thus, apostrophised the fair: " This is the good old waltzing, Thus in the days of yore, Our steps beat time to th' music, On many a festive floor; I could whirl for hours together, For your waltzing is just divine ; And you weigh like the ghost of a fea ther Which I reckon a gracious sign That your style is correct and none other: Then she sighed, as she told of a youth, Who said that" she waltzed like his mother And he possibly spoke the truth. FRANK MORLEY I What the Unskilled Applauded.-Let ! a woman whose sole gift lies in a voice of I unusual compass, force oat the G or F ol the lower octive until it becomes more like the groaning of an invalid than a musical tone, or let her squeak oat the F in the third ledger line until it sounds as beautiful as the cry of a pat lap dog on whose toes some one has stepped, and it will Buffice to fill the hall with enthusi&Btib; plaudits. Another songstress, who may be able to sing the simplest melody without giving one the cramps, and whose warmth approaches the temperature of a Canadian iceberg, wi!l perhaps display a flexibility of voice to rival that of an instrument. When she sets up her fireworks and sockets in the form of scales, in sixteenths, and pierces one's tympanum with her infernal trills, with awful persistency and without taking breath, we may reBt assured that the barqaet will spring up from its seat and howl in ecstacy. And still another singer may have the idea that declamatory expression, or .emphasis, let it be correct or false, but at all events strikingly exaggerated, constitute all of the dramatic music; that these qualities properly enjoy the priveleges of superseding beauty of tone, time and rythm . that they fully suffice to replace the real contents, mugioal form, melody, tempo and key. To fill ,the exaggerated demands of such bom bastic, high flying, affected and conceited style, he assumes the right of taking un warranted liberties with moBt imgortant -works. Yet, if he brings this system of play before a certain public, he may be assured that the most lively and honest enthuiasm will reward him, because he has murdered a great master, destroyed a masterpiece, torn a lovely melody into tatters, and degraded a noMs passion. The Public Letter Writer.-The terivan still exists in Borne, although with the spread of education and the public school his raoe is nearly ran. This one before us is a fine.looking old man, with kindly eyes and benevolent expression, whiohVins confidence at onoe, both from the. peasant girls who somes to him to write a love letter, and from her lucky swpin as well, who si?o seeks! his aid, both to read the letter and pen the reply. Italian letters are not like English ones, full of news and personal items,but fervent epistles, replete witlip^ssion and sentiment and a plentiful snppl^of ^xolamation marks. Bat in the moment in which we come upon the scrivano, it is qot with girl or lover that , he is engaged, but71an old wonjan, seemingly older even than himself, a veritable old witoh who, bent over, and with one hand helping her ear, is listening with all the concentra tion while her old faculties are capable of, while the serivano reads aloud to her the letter she bad submitted to him. Who can realise how precious those written words may be to the listening woman for without doubt they tell her of her children far away, the boy or the girl or both, whom years ago she used to watch while at play in the square or by the fountain, and who now, in distant climes, are struggling to gain alliveii hood In some strange land where all is in bitter contrast to the light and warmth of f,oara Boma." Field-marshal the Buke of Cambridge, Commander-in-Chief of the British Army, spent all the early years of his life at Han over, where his father acted as Viceroy until 1837, and subsequently at Berlin. He is somewhat of a martinet, and speaks English with a very strong German accent. He is a tall, finely built old man, with white hair and whiskers, an apoplectic neck, and arubi cundface which shows traces of good living1. His manner, when not storming at delinquent soldiery, is bluff, frank, and hearty. He is fond of good cigais, good dinners, pleasant company, and a nap after and even during his meals. The only time when he had the opportunity of displaying his prowess on a battle- field was in the Crimea, where he showed great pluck personally, but lost bis head Completely as a leader. He has had many love-affairs, which culminated in. a morganatic marriage with a very estimable woman who is altogether unknown tosociety, but by whom he has had a numerous family. Two of his sons, the Colonels Fitz-George, form part of his official staff, while another of his boys, Captain Fitz-George, of the Royal Navy, has distinguished himself in the sister service. He is a good son, and never lets a day pass without walking around to St. James's Palace to spend half an hour with his old mother, the venerable Duchess of Cam bridge. He is very sensitive to newspaper criticism, and was reoantly 'much distressed at being lampooned for having appeared at an inspection of troops with an umbrella held over his head to keep off the pelting rain. Prof- Fischer, of Erlangen, has discovered that the olfactory nerve is able to detcct t.lis presence of 1-2,7(50,000 of a grain of morcnp tan. If " mercaptan " is another Mine for Yarra Yarra, the professor's discovery will surprise no one who is intimately ac quainted with the robust flavor of that '? silvery stream." "The Water of the so-called medical lake near Kpokane is so charged with certain salts that it is like lye, and is used in making soap. When the wind blows the waves soon I make soapsuds of the water, the froth, or !' lather, piling in masses along the shore i Nevertheless, this is no '? lie." 