THE SHIELD OF LOVE. CHAPTER V (Continued.) .< WELL, and what of it ?" said Mr. Fox Cordery with a sneer. " He was fond, of a game of cards, and he played and lost. That there was nothing wrong in it was proved by your silence. And that is why you have come here to-day to tell me 1 You are a fool for your pains, John Dixon." "I was silent," said John Dixon, "because Dob pledged me to secrecy. My intention was to expose you to the whole school, and so put an end to what shall we call it ? Robbery ?" "You would not dare to make that charge against me in public. There are no witnesses present, and you, there fore, know you are protected against an action for libel." "You are losing sight of your com pact of silence. Fox. Tiled in as we we, we can call each other what names ^e please, and there is no obligation ". Upon us to be choice in our language. Pull yourself together, my little man; I have no desire to take you at a disad vantage. What do you say, now, to ' 'our agreeing that this meeting shall not be confidential, and that when we part we shall each of us be free to reyeal what passes?" : "My word once given," replied Mr. Fox-Cordery, putting on his loftiest air, ' " I never depart flrom it." ' "For all that," said John Dixon, "I will give you the opportunity of challeng ' tag me in public, and of seeing whether I will not give you the chance of bring ing an action for libel against roe. Having made up my mind what to do I \- considered It right to tell Bob of my in tention. He turned white with anger; Re called mil a treacherous dog; he said ; that i bad sneaked ray way into a . secret which had nothing whatever to dp with me, and that I should be play ing a base part by revealing it We had some-warm word* about you, Fox, and he defended you tooth and nail. Upon my word, after our quarrel I had a greater admifation for poor Bob than .ever. <3%e end of it was that be bound me' down, upon honour, to keep the tecret from ?ny but our three selves ; and that is why it never leaked . out." f"Mr. Grantham had, his good points," observed Mr. Fox-Cordery; ; * there was something of the gentleman is him; that is why I chummed with . him. iMay I enquire how it was that, * entertaining audi an opinion of me, you, icopj liUDjf years after we all left PitthoCfl, accepted the offer of employ Vwwnf 3 mate you-which never would >. have been made, I need hardly say, if I ' %ad known you then as t know you I'&owf; . " Iwas down in the world ; things iliadgone badly with met and it was ' &eoe4iaty; for me to get something to do ' without delay. You are aware that I pjjbavean old mother to support: and when needs must-I need not finish the old saying. When, meeting by chance, as we did, you made the offer, * Ididjiot tell you I was in low water, or you would bavescrewed me down with 1 out mercy. I intended to remain with i iyou only long enough to rave a few . pounds, but getting to know Charlotte, and growing fond of her, I could not tear myself away from her. I wili con . ' tinue the story of poor Bob. The .dis covery I made did not alter things in theleast; it rather improved them for you. Bob and you become more and tpore attached to each other, and you rfift- school firm friends. I never could understand what he saw in you, but you have the faculty of inspiring confidence, t'In some people-worse luck for them in j;tbelong run." "t am waiting for your insults to .«ame to an end," said Mr. Fox-Cordery, < ^*nd to have the pleasure of hearing the »Street-door close on you." ? r, "AU in good time, Fox; I told you. {should not try conciliatory methods. . Our school days over, we lost sjght of vcacb other, that is to say, I lost sight of ' ' you and .Bob, and what I have now to ^speak of has come to my knowledge in various ways. After leaving school a ^seriet of family adventures befei Robert * Grantham. His parents died, his elder brother died, a rich uncle died, and to . ;Bot>'« ahEuefell a larger fortune than he , «xpected to inherit. His good luck must have bewildered him, for he ap pointed you his agent.' The next point of interest to touch upon is the introduc tion of a lady in yojr lives. Her maiden name, Lucy Sutherland. Correct me if I am making any misstatement." " I decline to make myself responsible for any statement of yours, whether it be .correct or. otherwise. Your in troduction of this lady's name is a gross impertinence." " Not at all; it belongs to the story, which, without it, is incomplete. I have not the pleasure of this lady's acquaint ance, and, to my knowledge, have never seen her, but I have heard of her, through you and Charlotte." "Through me I" "To be sure," continued John Dixon, ? "you never mentioned her to me at all had it not been that she was con cerned in the business you set we to do during my service with you. You had the management of her financial affairs, as you had t|ie management of her husband's. But I am running ahead of my story. As a maiden lady she had many suitors; which is not to be wohdered at, for though she had terrible anxieties and trials she is still, that I learn from Charlotte, very beauti ful ; and -tit good as she is beautiful. I trust Charlotte's judgment in this, as in all things. Only two of these suitors for her hand did Miss Sutherland smile upon. One was poor Bob Grantham, the Other yourself. But you did not hold an equal place in her regard. She smiled upon poor Bob because she loved him, she smiled upon you because you were the bosom friend of the gentleman she loved. Into the sincerity of your I feelings for her I do not enquire; I pass over what does not concern me, and I come to the commencement of an im portant chapter in this lady's life, which opens with her marriage with Robert Grantham." " You pass over what does concern you," said Mr. Fox-Oordery. " What, then, is your object in dragging the lady's came into the conversation ?" "You will learn presently. The chapter opens brightly but we have only to turn a leaf, and we seen clouds gather ing. Mark you : from all I can gather these two loved each other with a very perfect love; but poor Bob had one besetting vice which darkened his life and hers, and which eventually ruined both. He was an inveterate gamester. The seeds of this vice, which you helped to nourish in our ^ school days, were firmly implanted in hiro when he grew to manhood. He was, as I have already said, weak, and easily led, and no doubt the harpies who are always on the watch for such as he en couraged him and fattened upon him. He had not the strength to withstand temptation, and he fell lower and lower. Observe, Fox, that in the narration of the story I am merely giving you a plain recital of facts." "Or what you suppose to be facts, interrupted Mr. Fox-Cordery. "A plain recital of facts," repeated John Dixon, " the truth of which can be substantiated. I do not ask you whether you took a hand in poor Bob's ruin, and profited by it That tome harpies did is not to be doubted, because in the end poor Bob lost every penny of his fortune, which all found its way into their pockets, as the weak schoolboy's ten pounds found their way regularly every month into yours. I do not Beek to exouse poor Bob; there is a thin line which separates weakness and folly from sin, and Bob was one of the many who stepped over this line. I have reflected deeply upon his wretohed history. Know ing the goodness of his heart and weak ness of his disposition I have wondered bow he could have been so blind as not to see that he was breaking the heart of the woman he loved and had sworn to protect; her nature must also have been one of rare goodness that she did not force it upon him, that she did not take the strongest means to show him the miserable pit he was digging for them. I have wondered, too, how, through an other influence than that of his wife, he i himself should not have awakened from his fatal infatuation. They had a child, a little girl, and his instinctive tenderness for children should have stepped in to save him. I am not ! myself a gambler, and I cannot release I the complete power which the vice obtains over a man's moral percep tion, sapping all that is noble and worthy in him, and destroying all the finer in stincts of his moral nature. Happily Mrs. Grantham bad a fortune in her own right over which her husband had no control; some portion of it went, I believe, to save him from disgrace- and then the end came. I have related the story in its broad lines; there must have bieen scenes of agony between husband and wife of which I know nothing, but it is not difficult to imagine them. Dur ing the whole of these miserable years, Fox, you remained the close friend and as6ori»tff of this unhappy couple, and you know what the end 01 it was." "What I know I know," saia Mr. Fox-Cordery, "and I do not propose to enlist you in my confidence." " I do not ask you to do so. It was probably during these years that Mrs. Grantham learned to rely upon you and to trust to your counsel and judgment. You have maintained your position to this day." "Well?" " In the course of the business I tran sacted for you I became somewhat familiar with Mrs. Grantham's pecuniary affairs. You are, in a certain sense, her trustee and guardian; you have the management of her little fortune ; it was partly with respect to the investments you made for her that we severed our connection." "That I dismissed you from my service," corrected Mr. Fox-Cordery. " You had the presumption to suppose that you had the right to interfere in my management. I opened your eyes to your position, and sent you packing." " As it suited me to accept employ ment when you offered it to me, so it suited me to leave your service at the time I did. A better situation was open to roe, with the prospect of a future partnership. On the day I left you I went to my new situation, and have been in it ever since. In a short time I shall become a partner in the firm of Paxton and Freshfield, solicitors, Bedford Row." It is not of the slightest interest to me, Mr. Dixon, whether you become a partner in this firm or go to the dogs. I can forecast which of the two is the more likely." . , " Had you the disposition of my fut ure I know pretty well what it would be ; but I promise you disappointment. Al though you take no interest in the cir cumstance of my becoming a partner in Paxton and Freshfield I will leave our address with you, in case you may wish to consult me." He laid a card upon the table, of which Mr. Fox-Cordery took no notice. " This, then," he said, " is the reason of your intrusion. To solicit my patronage ? You would have made a good com j mercial traveller." " You arc miles from the truth. I do not think we would undertake your busi ness. I leave my card for private, not for professional reasons. What I have stated to you leads directly to the object of my visit. I have hitherto asked you no questions ; perhaps you will not ob ject to my asking you one or two now ?" " Say what you please. I can answer or not, at my discretion." " Entirely so; and pray take it from me that I am not here in a professional capacity, but solely as a private indi vidual who will certainly at no distant date be a member of your family, whether you like it or not; or," lie added, with a slight laugh, " whether I like it or not. In conveying to you my regret that I shall have a relationship thrust upon me which I would very gladly dispense with, my reference is not to Charlotte. A relationship to you, apart from other considerations, is no credit; but so far as Charlotte and I are concerned, 1 would prefer it without the additional drawback of a public scandal. Many singular pieces of busi ness fall into the hands of Paxton and Freshf.eld. One of such a nature came into the office a short time since, but it was not brought before my notice till to day. Havs you seen the Times this morning ?" . " I decline to answer idle questions. " Whether you have seen it or not, an advertisement in its personal columns has certainly escaped your attention, or you would not have met this particular question so calmly. The advertisement, as you will see-I have brought the paper with me-was inserted by my firm. It will interest you to read it." He took the Times from his pocket, and offered it lo Mr. Fox-Cordery, pointing to the advertisement of which he spoke. Mr. Fox-Cordery hesitated a moment, and then, paper in hand, stepped to the dusty window, and read the advertisement, which read as fol lows : " If Mr. Robert Grantham, horn in Leaming ton, Warwickshire, will call upon Messrs. Paxton and Freshfield, solicitors, BcdfordRow, London, he will heir of something to his ad vantage.*' To read so short an advertisement would occupy R man scarcely a half a minute, but Mr. Fox-Cordery stood for several minutes at the window, with his back turned to John Dixon. Perhaps there was something in the prospect of the dreary back wall that interested him, for he stood quite still, and did not speak. His contemplation at an end, he faced his visitor, and handed back the paper. " Have you anything to remark ?" in quired John Dixon, Nothing." " Close as wax, Fox, as usual. When I read the advertisement this morning it gave me a strange turn, and I came direct to your house to speak to you about it. Before 1 did so, I made my self acquainted with the nature of the business concerning which our firm desires to see Mr. Robert Grantham. It is a simple matter enough. An old lady has died in Leamington; she was aunt to poor Bob, and she has left him a small legacy of two hundred pounds. Not a fortune, but a useful sum to a man in low water." " You are talking rubbish," said Mr. Fox-Cordery. " You know perfectly well that it is throwing money away to put such an advertisement in the papers. Is it m other papers as well as the Times ?" "Ah-ha, friend Fox)" said John Dixon. "Caugh*; tripping for once. Actually betraying interest in the object of my visit, when indifference was your proper cue 1 No, it is not in other papers; the whole of the small legacy must not be eaten in expenses. Had I been informed of this business before the insertion of the advertisement even in one paper, I should have suggested to Paxton and Freshfield the advisability of a little delay until I had made certain inquiries. Lawyers are practical people, and they would have recognised the nb surdity of inviting by public proclamation a visit from a ghost. There is no mis take, I suppose, about poor Bob being dead ?" " You know he is dead." "Softly, Fox, softly. I know nothing of poor Bob except what I have gathered from you. If Mrs. Grantham is a widow, why of course Robert Grantham is a dead man ; if she is not a widow, why of course Robert Grantham is alive, and you stand small chance of stepping into his shoes, which I believe you are eager to do. It is hardly likely that she has seen the advertisement, but it must be brought to her notice very soon." " By whom ?" " Naturally, in the first place, by you, as her business agent, because, in the event of Bob being dead, the legacy will fall to his heirs. Failing you, naturally by Paxton and Freshfield, who have this in considerable business in hand, and whose duty it is to attend to it. Pro bably we shall await some com munication from you or Mrs. Gran tham upon the matter. It may be that Paxton and Freshfield will expect some thing from you in the shape of a docu ment, such, for instance, as proof of poor Bob's death ; and they might con sider it advisable to ask for certain par ticulars, such as the place and date of his death, where buried, etcetera. All of which you will be able to supp!y; being positive that Mrs. Grantham is a widow. Now, Fox, I have still a word or two to say to you in private. Call it an adventure, an impression, what you will; it occurred to ine, and it would be unfair to keep it from Charlotte's bro ther. Until to-day I have not men tioned it to a soul. We have passed a hard winter, as you know, and have es tablished a record in fogs. I do not remember a year in which we have had so many foggy days and nights, and the month of March usurped the especial privilege of the month of November. J cannot recall the precise date, but it was about the middle ot March when I walked from the Strand into Regent Street by way of the Seven Dials. It was one of the foggiest nights we had, and I had to be careful how I picked my steps. Men walked a yard or two ahead of you, and you could not see their faces, could scarcely distinguish their forms; but quite close, elbow to elbow as it were, you njight by chance catch a momentary glance of a face. A flash, and it was gone, swallowed up in Egyptian darkness. Two men passed me arm in arm, and, looking up, I could have sworn that I saw the face of Robert Grantham's ghost. I turned to foliow it, but it was gone. That is all, Fox; I thought you would like to know." If a face of the pallid hue of Mr. Fox Cordery's could be said to grow white, it may be said of his at this revelation; otherwise he betrayed no sign of agita tation. He made no comment upon it, [ and asked no questions; but the indefi nite change of colour did not escape John Dixon's observation. " It is a pleasure to know that you have emptied your budget," he said. "Good morning, Mr. Dixon." "Good-morning, Fox," said John Dixon. "You will probably acknow ledge that I had a sufficient reason for paying you this visit." He did not wait for the acknowledge ment, but took his departure without another word. Mr. Fox-Cordery stood motionless by the window. There was writing on the dreary back wall, invisible to all eyes but his. " If he has betrayed me 1" he mut tered ; " if he has betrayed me ?" and pursued his thought no further in spoken i words. A quarter of an hour afterwards he went to his mother. " Have you given Charlotte her clothes ?" he asked. " Not yet, Fox," she replied. " What did that man want with you ?" "That man is nty enemy !" he said, with fury in his voice and face; " iny bitter enemy ! Go, and give Charlotte her clothes immediately. And, mother, take her out and buy her one or two nicknacks-a silver brooch (for a few shillings, a bit of ribbon. Be sweet to her. Curse her and him 1 Be sweet to her, and say I gave you the money to buy the presents. We need her on our side more than ever. Don't stop to argue with me; do as I bid you !" "I will obey you in everything, my love," she said, gazing at him solicitously. He motioned her away, and she stole from the room, wishing she possessed the malignant power to strike his ene mies dead at her feet. 