INTRODUCTION. NEBUCHADNEZZAB had dreamed a dream which he could not recall in the morning. He called the magicians, and required them, on pain of death, not only to interpret the dream, but also to tell him what it was. As they could not, the decree was about to be carried out, when Daniel, whose own life was in danger, with God's help found both dream and inter pretation. EXPOSITORY NOTES. 36\. Z7i.it is the dream. A great image, with head of gold, breast and arms of silver, belly and thighs of brass, legs of iron, and feet part of iron and part of clay. A stone cut out without hands Bmites the image vpon its feet and breaks it in pieces; the stone itself increases in size, and becomes a great mountain that fills the world. The interpretation, thereof. This image represents the world-power in four successive empires —the Babylonian, Persian, Grecian, and Roman. The stone cut out of the mountain without hands is the kingdom of Christ, destined to subdue every other kingdom and to fill the world. 37, 38. Thou, 0 king, art a king of ltings (see Ezek. 25 : 7). He was at the time the greatest monarch on earth. He built up a great kingdom and governed it for forty-three yearB. Thou *rt this head of gold. That is,|thy kingdom is. It was the head of gold because of its riches. Isaiah speaks of it as the golden city (14; 4) ; Jeremiah as the golden cup (51: 7). 39\. And after thee shall arise another kingdom. Generally identified as the Persian or Medo-Persian empire. It was much larger in point of extent than the Babylonian, but in other respects it was inferior, as silver is inferior to gold. The kings of Persia •were most corrupt. And another third kingdom of brass. This was the Grecian empire, which was so wonderfully extended by the daring and brilliant conquests of Alexander. The Greeks were distinguished for their brazen armour, and the appellation,' these brazencoated Greeks,' is that by which they were designated most commonly by the ancients (Barnes). 40\. And the fourth kingdom shall be as strong as iron The Roman empire, which supplanted the Grecian. Iron is an excellent indication of its character. Its warriors, like Cromwell's, might well have been called ' Ironsides,' and its constitution had all the strength and firmness of iron. 41\. 42. These words refer to the Roman empire in its later phases. It broke itself up into kingdoms, some of which were strong as iron, and others brittle as potter's clay baked into brick. 43\. They shall mingle themselves with the seed of me These words are very obscure ; but they are generally interpreted a6 referring to marriages and inter-marriages of barbarous nations with Rome, in which there was no solid amalgamation. 44\. And in the days of these kings. What kings 1 None have been mentioned. They ma}', however, be the sovereigns of those kingdoms inio which the last empire would divide itself. Or perhaps they refer generally to the sovereigns of tliw four empires mentioned. Shall the God of heaven set vp a kingdom. Thus far the kingdoms have bc-n of the' earth, earthy,' made and governed by fallible men. But we now come to a kingdom set up by the God of heaven, and therefore called the kingdom of heaven. Which shall never be destroyed (see ch. 4 : 3, 34 ; 6 : 20 ; Luke 1: 33) ; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people. The Babylonian empire gave way to the Persian, the Persian to the Grecian, the Grecian jto the Roman ; but this kingdom shall not yield to any other, because it shall never be destroyed. But it shall break in pieccs and consume all these kingdoms. There are two ways of destroying that which is imperfect ami sinful; one is by evangelisation, the other by judgment. Gn=t employs both methods. When the former fails, the latter is nsed. 45\. The stone. This refers to the Messir.h. We find Him elsewhere spoken of under the figure of a stone (Isa. 28 : 16 : Mutt. 21 ; 42). Cut out of the mwnluhi. Mount Zion ' (Isa. 2: 2 ; Ps. 2 : 6 ; 50 : 2). Without hands; i.e. without any human agency. The Messiah's birth and person were supernatural, Christianity was not the invention of man, but the word and work of God. Its progress in the world is not owing to the power or prowess of human hands, but the agency of the Holy Ghost in the hearts of men. 46\. Nebuchadnezzar . . . worshipped Daniel. If by worship in this place is meaut an act of adoration paid as to a god, it must have been Daniel's duty to have declined it. And he think he must have done so, as Peter declined the worship of Cornelius (Acts 10 : 25), Paul that of the people at Lystra (Acts 14 : 13), and the angel declined that of John (Rev. 19 : 12). But perhaps the honours were only such as in cases of extreme gratitude were shown by one man to another, in which the East are far more demonstrative than the West. 47\. The king answered unto Daniel. This would seem if Daniel had declined the honours, and pointed the king to God, and this is his confession. 48\. The king made Daniel a great man, etc. He promoted him, ias Pharaoh had promoted Joseph. The kingdom of Babylon was divided into provinces, Babylon itself as a city being one of them, and Daniel was made ruler of it. He was also made the head of all the wi6e men—the magicians, etc—in the land. 49\. But he did not forget his companions. They were made officers under him in the same province. Daniel sat in the gate of the king. The gate was the court of justice in the East. LESSONS ON THE GOLDEN TEXT. The Image and the Stone; or, The Kingdom of the World and the Kingdom of Christ. I. Contrast. 1\. The former are human, the latter is divine. 2\. The former are curious mixtures, the latter is one throughout and consistent. 3\. The former are very imposing as spectacles, the latter is simple and spiritual. 4\. The former are transitory, the latter is perpermanent. II. Lessons. 1\. Seek to be a subject of Christ's kingdom. 2\. The condition is faith in Christ. 