NORIML- WRsI'ERIV 110HUNDi. [BY TALLY-no.] The fifth fortnightly meet of the above pack took place at Deloraine lat Sat.urdaSy, and although the recent wet weather made the going htavy and falls a little more numerous than usisil, a good run was obtained and no serious damage don: to horses or riders. Amongst those presunt I noticed the master (Mr J. Sykes) on Warrior, Dr. Cole on [MAutn, WV. Gilbert on Royal Charlie, J. M'Gee on Redleap, E. J. Sullivan on Clouter, A. R. Thirkell on The Ace, J. Flynn on Killarney, J. Nugent on Zulu, F. Smith on Ruby, G. Viney on Sassafras, A. Smith on a chestnut, H. Gilbert on Exhibition, M. Sullivan on Highlander, W. Evans on Madcap, J. T. Field on Stella, Badcoek on Pa'ch work, W. Fitzpatrick on Marjory, George Bennett on Cyclop', H. J. King on Out cast, B. Whiteby on Mia Mis, F. Walker on a black, Woet on Lady Kildare, G. Ward on Cocktail, J. Leary on Scotland Jet, Tenunnt on a brown, P. Haggarty on a bay, Thomas on Creep'ng Jane, N. Rock on Adonis, Arthur Abey on a chestnut, V. Hartley on a black; Henrichs on Glencoe, J. Mahony on a clover chestuut, Masters Bennett (2) on ponies, Wylie on Ginger, AMrs Sykes on Bruin, Misses Smith (2) on Actwson and Venus, Miss Conroy on Mid night, Mrs Cole, and Mrs Anderson and many others whose names I am unable to recall. Choosing the high country north of the township for the "throw off," the drag was sent away in charge of W. Gclbcrb and J. M'Gee from Thomas's padl.lock, and immc diately take us across a doublo into M Gilbrrt's farm, where some big timbe'r, including several brand new four-railers, 'o which that line of Gordon rmest aptly ap plies, In the white etrosk of rail not a ghost cf a gap, acted as io wholesoume cheock to some of our hot-heeded young enthusiasts, and thinned the field. Thence we enter Mr Dobson', property, and double back into Gilbert's. paddocks,.across which we race, when two doubles in quick succession land us into the Bullring, and the hounds are whipped off at the Tongataboo road. Another start is soon made through Mr Hartley's farm, whose big five-railers, as the event showed, proved a puzzle to both the drag and many of the followers. After running parallel to the Tongataboo road for some distance we cross into Mr $colyer's, over whose fallow lands the hounds lead us a cracker, thence into Mr Frcnch's property, whose boundary fence afforded a test to most of the straight goers, and where sundry accidents necessi tated a breather. Turning now for home a splendid chose is obtained across Messrs Viney's, Palmer's, and Nugent's. It was feared that the late rains would have made the attendance small, but I am credibly informed that over seventy turned out. The slippery state of the country afforded some interesting illustrations of the way in which some un fortunate riders and their horses get mixed up without serious damago to either. I am glad to say that the number of straight goers increases at every hunt, and one staunch supporter of the club informed me that over 20 horses successfully nego tiated one big boundary fence without breaking arail. In conclusion, let us hope that all our hunts will be as good as the one just recorded, and to those " who came down" I can only say "better luck next time." 