OUR AMERICAN BUDGET OF NEWS. CHOYNSKI AGAINST MAHER OR FITZSIMMONS. HALL AFTER THE LATTER'S SCALP. Fitzsimmons not any too game. CREEDON INVITED TO BOX GREGGAINS. SULLIVAN HAS AGAIN QUIT DRINKING. HE ACCUSES BARNETT OF FRAUD. CHOYNSKI AND HALL GO TO JACKSON. CORBETT NOT IN IT WITH SULLIVAN. (From our own Correspondent.) San Francisco, 31st March. We still continue to have plenty of con- tests here; but, as I remarked in a previous letter, they are not of a high rate of fistic excellence. Harrie Dally fought Deacon Jones (colored) a 67-round draw in the Pacific Club on 17th March. This battle was voted a bore, its unusual length being the cause of much unfavourable comment. The Deacon, like Banquo's ghost, "would not down," and Dally could not hit him hard enough to win. Dally's weight was given as 7st 8lb, the Deacon's 7st 10lb. This was not their weight, they both weighing much more, especially the Deacon. Dally had the best of the mill, but lacked force in hitting. The Pacific Club wisely split the purse between the twain (£25 each), as the club members did not care to witness another all-night affair. In the Occidental Club Armstrong and Billie Smith, of Boston, boxed an unin- teresting contest of 14 rounds, Smith winning. Armstrong is faint-hearted, and was loth to continue. He, like a good many more here, has mistaken his vocation. His Heart Beats too Fast. Then in the Pastime Club we had a really good go, but of brief duration, between Dobbs (colored) and Jack O'Brien, the latter winning in the second round by a fluke. These men meet again in the above club on 7th April. The most important event that has trans- pired since my last has been the consumma- tion of the Sullivan-Corbett contest. The sum of £9000 is at stake, and the champion- ship of the world. This will be the largest sum (in stakes and purse) ever contested for, either in America or any place else, if my memory serves me right. Further on I give details of the match and opinions of leading sporting men. The following from the well- known 'Frisco sport, Mose Gunst, throws some light on the Fitzsimmons-Maher and Corbett-Sullivan match:— "I was lucky to win on Fitzsimmons," he said, when asked his opinion of the recent battle at New Orleans. "All those who saw the fight tell me that Maher could have won it at any stage if he had gone in and fought as he did in the opening round. He was whipped simply because he is faint-hearted. Fitz- simmons also Showed the White Feather, and gave indications of a willingness to jump the pit. As it was, he was within an ace of going out in the first round, and the call of time alone saved him, for had Maher struck him ten seconds before he did, he would have been counted out. Joe Choynski can whip either Maher or Fitzsimmons, and it is safe to predict that neither of them will go into the ring against him." "What is the Eastern opinion of the Corbett-Sullivan match?" "Everybody that I talked with is of the opinion that Sullivan will win. It is taken as a foregone conclusion that Sullivan cannot lose, for Jim cannot punch hard enough or long enough to put him out. Corbett has a chance — but a poor one — of making a draw, as he did when he met Peter Jackson. As all know, he is very clever and shifty on his feet, and may manage to keep away from John; but the big fellow is apt to land on him, and if he does the battle will end in short order. Judging by the opinions I formed in conversation with Eastern sporting men, the betting on the fight will be about 100 to 25, with Sullivan favorite." The contest between Geo. Dawson and Billie Gallagher has been postponed to 15th April. This was occasioned by Dawson hurt- ing his foot while training, causing a shin sore. Dawson will meet a tough costomer in Gallagher. Dawson won in 42 rounds. — Ath. Ed. S.. The C.A.C. will be taxed to its utmost capacity on that occasion. The low rates of admission established by the Occidental and Pastime clubs (one dol- lar) at their late exhibitions will hurt boxing here. The C.A.C., anyway, is the only legiti- mate club here, that institution having com- fortable quarters and an inviting billiard-room, etc., to while away a pleasant hour. All the other clubs have no such inducements. The C.A.C. is on the eve of election of officers, and it is sincerely hoped that L. R. Fulda will accept the nomination as president, as he is "the man who has steered that organi- sation through all its vicissitudes," and is A True Lover of Sport. I am sorry to inform you that "Smiler's'' testimonial was not a success. He has been writing for some American sporting journals however. Joe Goddard's arrival is anxiously awaited by Joe McAuliffe. Goddard, it is rumored, will train at Barney Farley's, under the men- torship of Sam Fitzpatrick. He is sure of a hearty welcome. The arrest of "Young" Choynski on the charge of defrauding an innkeeper of training expenses, and his being brought back to that city to stand trial for same, is a step in the right direction. This worthy fought a crooked battle there with one Dick Failes, who got the purse and decamped to Chicago. The same example should have been made of Kemmick, Peckham, Bill Keogh, and a host of others who "skipped" under the same circumstances. In future all pugilists of the above order will be prosecuted when they evade their just debts. "Young" Choynski is no kin to Joe, who is now Jim Hall's Sparring Partner, under Parson Davies' management. Hall, by the way, has undertaken the job to stop Jack Fogarty in four rounds at Philadelphia early in April. Jim has greatly increased in weight, and could not possibly mill under 11st 11lb. John Humphreys, the bookmaker, challenged Hall to box Choynski, but, as they are sparring partners and fast friends, nothing will come out of it. The man Hall is after is Fitzsimmons, and Bob carefully avoids giving him a battle. He has offered to meet him at 11st, well knowing that Jim can never get to that weight. Can Fitz- simmons ever get to 11st? I doubt it. He weighed 11st 13lb when he met Maher. All the eye witnesses of his go with Maher are not very much enthused over his perform- ance, and I have spoken to many who say that Hall would be an easy winner against him. Will they ever meet? The Fitzsimmons' end in the late Maher contest was admirably(?) worked. All sorts of telegrams misrepresenting Fitz's con- dition were sent broadcast, and Maher was made the Favorite outside of New Orleans. Here San Fran- cisco the sports are indignant, and many blame the astute Jimmie Carroll for said misrepresentation. Then, again, it has been said that Billie Madden and his people bet all their money on Fitz (this from pretty reliable source). Fitz did not split his purse with Carroll (so Alec Greggains, his second, informs me), and intends to be more careful with his last winnings than previous ones. He is now touring through the East with Carroll. Many rumors have been circulated in regard to Fitz's lack of gameness in above mill, and Jack Fallon, Maher's second, openly charges him with wanting to quit, but Alec Greggains is evasive to this charge. Greggains told your correspondent that Maher was not hurt, and had no marks except a slight cut lip and a swelled nose, that he was stronger at the close than at any other time, and that he deliberately quit. On the other hand, all the American newspapers would have us believe his face was beaten out ot all human semblance. Greggains is a truthful, honest fellow, and, to my mind, Has Given the Authentic Facts. Greggains does not speak well of the treatment received at the hands of Carroll and Fitz. Alec. claims that while Fitz did not give half to Carroll, he got 80 per cent. of purse for making the match. Fitz, it is said, has got the Worst Case of "Big Head" ever seen in America, and the airs he puts on would remind one of some court favorite of the olden times. Greggains is not back- ward in expressing his desire to meet Fitz in a finish contest. Choynski and Greggains did not receive a single penny for seconding Fitz, and say that Carroll and Fitz are a niggardly pair. It is the current opinion here that Carroll will have all Fitz's money in a short time. Dan Creedon has been invited to visit San Francisco to meet Greggains. The C.A.C., I believe, would give a good purse for these boxers. Greggains was offered a purse to meet the Illustrated News champion, Jimmie Carroll, at catch weights, either in New York or New Orleans, but would not sign unless at 11st. He may get a match with O'Brien, the Welshman, and will journey to England if same is effeoted. Slavin and Charley Mitchell got £250 Each, and Expenses Paid, for boxing in preliminaries before the Maher- Fitz mill. San Francisco friends and admirers of Slavin were disappointed at Frank P. not coming here from New Orleans, as intended. In regard to Mitchell, no one has any use for him here. I am pleased to be able to inform the readers of The Sportsman that the "Non- pariel," Jack Dempsey, is enjoying good health and prospering. He is manager of the Portland (Oregon) Pastime Athletic Club, and has the well wishes of all eastern and western friends in his new venture. He sends regards to The Sportsman, and all Australian and American friends, especially "The Buffalo " (Costello), whom he wishes well. Concerning Mitchell's proposed match with Sullivan, which ended in naught, the cute Englishman says:— "I will stick to my original declaration — I will fight for the Olympic Club's £5000 purse and a £500 side bet. I will also post another £500 that I will be in the ring; this to be forfeited to Sullivan if I am not there. Now, the reason I refused all along to accept the £2000 side bet was from any ordinary specu- lator's standpoint. Why should I wager this large sum at even money when I will likely secure better odds — Perhaps 4 to 1, or 3 to 1 ? However, I hereby declare that I will have £2000 at the ringside to wager at the then prevailing odds. If the market is even, my £2000 will be ready to go up against Sullivan's £2000. I do not want one penny if I am defeated. I will be in New York the week of 21st March, ready to meet Sullivan or his representatives, and if the Boston man wants to show that he has not been engaged all along in a big bluff, he or his representa- tives must then meet me to arrange for the match. — Charles Mitchell." In an interview with Slavin, he said:— "I am still willing to make a match with Corbett for £1000, and am willing to post a forfeit immediately. I am also ready and willing to make out articles for a match with Sullivan, to take place after my battle with Jackson." If I were to send you all the correspondence in regard to Mitchell's proposed match with Sullivan, it would have taken over twenty columns of your valuable space. John L., since his signing for the contest with Corbett, has Ceased to Drink of the Flowing Bowl. On 15th March James J. Corbett and manager, W. A. Brady, visited the N.Y. World office and covered John L. Sullivan's deposit of £500, made by "Jim" Wakeley some time since. They were met by Wakeley as Sullivan's representative, and articles were signed by Sullivan and Corbett to fight for £2000 a-side and a purse of £5000, before the Olympic Club of New Orleans, on Wed- nesday, 7th September. A number of sport- ing men were present, and the Sporting Editor of the World was chosen as temporary stakeholder. The final stakeholder is Phil Dwyer, of equine fame. The articles did not suit Sullivan, and on 25th March he de- manded that the clause allowing the referee to call a draw in the event of the contest becoming too brutal be eliminated from the articles. This has been done, and Sullivan's signature has been affixed, also Corbett's. The champion has not yet decided who will train him, but bis friends have made overtures to Billy Muldoon, who did so well by him at the time of his fight with Kilrain. Corbett will retain Billy Delaney. Corbett bas written to friends in San Francisco that he will do his training in California, probably at Sausalito. He will not leave here for New Orleans until within two weeks of the battle. John perceived a loop-hole in the articles whereby he thought Pompadour Jim could creep out of a finish contest; hence the change. It is yet a moot question, notwithstand- ing the forfeits of each have been posted, Whether Corbett or Sullivan Will Meet. To sum up the matter, it stands about this way: Corbett has frequently asserted that he "was out for the stuff," and since he has left S.F. he certainly has raked in considerable of that he was after. Now, the question arises, as he was after the "stuff," is not the present acceptance of the challenge of Sullivan another dodge of his astute manager to advertise his show? Evidently the days of hippodroming have not had their millennium. Corbett's manager puts up his forfeit of £500, and, as the proposed event is set so far ahead, it makes a fitting chance to swell the depleted treasury of John L. Sullivan also. To the "man up the tree," in the true sporting view, the allair smells strongly of rottenness. John L. has sued Jack Barnett for an accounting, he claiming that Barnett has defaulted for a considerable amount. The following account of a fracas between Mitchell and Jim Corbett no doubt will be interesting reading for my Melbourne friends. Mitchell and Slavin came to New York on 2lst March, though they were supposed to be on their way to Boston en route for England, where Slavin is going to meet Peter Jackson. Imagine the surprise of the management and persons who were in the lobby of Miners' Bowery Theatre this afternoon, where Corbett is filling an en- gagement, to see Mitchell, Slavin, and "the Two Slavin Twins" walk up to the box-office and request "a box." Manager Moore promptly refused the request, and the quartette left. Later Mitchell went back to the theatre lobby, proposing to "lick that fellow, Corbett." Jim was not yet at the theatre, and the worthy quartette staggered out of the door. Corbett came in a few moments after their departure, and expressed himself as glad they had gone. "I don't want the American public to think me a bar-room brawler," said he. Corbett's reception was great. Cheers rang through the house after his match with Daly. In the evening, a few moments before Corbett entered the house, Mitchell and his party returned, clad in reefer jackets, and, it was said, "armed for a row," Mitchell having boasted in an uptown saloon that he was going "to do" Corbett. Sundry visits to the bar placed "England's boxing cham- pion" in fighting trim, and on the entrance of Corbett, Mitchell rushed up to the American applying the vilest epithets, causing Corbett to finally say, "Go away, I don't want a row with a drunken man." To this Mitchell returned hearty curses, and squared off. Corbett then went into the theatre, and Mitchell paid for seats and also went in. He accused Corbett of taking away his match with Sullivan and other engagements. Intense excitement at once prevailed, and Manager Moore sent for the police, fearing a "stampede of the house," as he put it. "Pitch in, Jim!" "Stand your ground," and various other encouraging cries were hurled at the American. Finally they were pushed out into the lobby. At last Corbett said — "I Can't Stand this any Longer," and started to get at the cursing English- man. He made one powerful swing at Mitchell which fell short. The shouts of the crowd, and Corbett's anger, seemed to sober Mitchell and he made up his mind that it was about time to get away. He dashed out of the theatre and ran up the Bowery. Corbett ran after him, but soon returned to his work. The only feeling of regret here over the affair is that Slavin has had his name coupled with Mitchell's. If Corbett had killed Mitchell, that worthy would have few mourners here. Jack Fallon has become tired of talking about Jim Corbett, and is directing his at- tention to Bob Fitzsimmons. In a letter to P. Jay, of the N.Y. Recorder, he says:- "Sir, — I see by the papers that Fitzsimmons, calls me a 'mixed ale fighter,' because I said he wanted to quit at the end of the first round. He did want to quit, and I can prove it, and will if he will fight me six, eight, or ten rounds, or to a finish. He can't punch hard enough to Punch a Hole in a Tub of Butter. He wins all his fights by his long reach ... shifty feet. If Peter Maher had followed Madden's instructions there would have ... no Fitzsimmons in existence. I will ... fight him at any place he says. I ... believe I can whip him. I don't think ... any better than Tom Lees, of Australia ... I put him out in ten rounds. Lees ... Punched Joe Goddard out ... Four Rounds a few weeks ago, [Did he? Where? - Ed. S.] I never was in good condition ... but two fights in my life. The one was ... Lees and the other was with Jim Smith ... am in fair order now, and would like not ... better than a crack at Fitzsimmons. ... get a chance at him I'll lay odds that ... won't call me any more names, — Yours truly, Jack Fallon." Fallon seconded Maher. This is on ... the many numerous paragraphs that ... been published questioning Fitz's gamen ... I leave this moot question to Austra ... sports, as they are best posted as to ... record. In the battles I have seen him ... principal I failed to detect what Fa ... charges, and he has always borne a ... here contrary to what Fallon says. Charley Mitchell and Frank Slavin sailed for England from New York on the S.S. New York. Crowds of Slavin's admirers were on hand to bid him bon voyage. On the wharf, Mitchell, before departing, gave a sample of his quality by declaring himself in the following terms:— "I shall come back here in the fall, and if Sullivan whips Corbett, as I candidly believe he will, why, I will be ready to fight him for any amount of money he may name. When it comes to fighting, I am 'Johnnie on the spot.' I can lick Sullivan, Or any Other Man Breathing and don't make any mistake about that. As for Slavin, he is all right; but I can lick him, and he knows it. We have made consider- able money in America, and we are taking home with us some £1600 or more. Slavin Will Lick Jackson to a Certainty, and in my opinion Sullivan will punch holes through Corbett, who is nothing more nor less than a great, big looking-glass fighter. I think I can lick the pair of 'em, but that doesn't matter." The passengers on the boat on which Mitchell and Slavin departed expect considerable fun, and possibly a fight during the trip, for Slavin announced before the steamer sailed that he had become tired of the Englishman, and that he would pitch him into the "blooming ocean." It will be seen by the above that Frank P. is getting tired of Mitchell and his ways. It is time he did, as the American Press advised him time and time again as to Mitchell's true character. I wonder if Frank P. was present when he made disparaging remarks as to the Melbournite. I doubt it, as do all here who know Slavin. Ted Pritchard wires that he will not fight Fitzsimmons excepting in the National Sporting Club, London, where a purse of £1500 can be had, and a £2000 bet on the side. The New Orleans purse offer is 12,000dols. The match between Riordan and O'Brien is off. Jackson has had a row with Riordan since this, and Riordan will return to America. Riordan, to my mind, does not love the game, and in his contests here did not show much sand. Billie Smith de- feated him handily. Johnnie Van Heest (whose photo I sent you recently) has been matched to fight Geo. Seddons in New Orleans. Van Heest is anxious to meet Billie Murphy. Spider Weir boxes Tommy White ten rounds at Minneapolis for a 500dol. purse early in April. This irrepressible insect is still getting into trouble wherever he goes. He has been arrested frequently of late. He is a good partner for Billie Murphy. In regard to Choynski's meeting George Godfrey, that match is off. Joe is willing to meet Godfrey, but not for the purse offered by the Providence Club. A match may be effected between the twain at the C.A.C. Joe sends regards to The Sportsman and all Melbourne friends. The Latest. Carroll and Fitzsimmons, I have just learned, telegraphed from New York to find Renaud, the great New Orleans sport, who won £8000 on Fitz, asking if he would furnish one-half of a £2000 side bet For a Match with Hall, and received a favorable answer, he replying he would furnish all of the £2000 if so desired. As no weight is mentioned, the matter is not clear; it must be 11st. 6lb. before a match can be arranged, as Hall can get no lower. This may interfere with Jim's visit to England. Lately Dixon and his manager, To O'Rourke, visited Buffalo and registered at the Genessee Hotel, where they had dinner. After breakfast next morning, however, they were told that Dixon Would not be Allowed in the Dining-room thereafter, and the Head waiter had orders not to allow Dixon to eat in the public dining-room either, as a guest had objected. As Dixon had eaten two meals there with O'Rourke, Mitchell, and Slavin, his manager protested so lustily that the hotel management backed down and withdrew the color line. Paddy Ryan has a very decided opinion regarding the Corbett-Sullivan mill — "You see." he said, "I know as well as anyone, not better, just what Sullivan is. He'll just walk up to Corbett, edge him in a corner and biff! that will end it." "Well, what will Corbett be doing all this time? was asked of the Trojan. "He will be trying to hurt the big fellow, but he won't. Sullivan will not try and avoid a blow, he take all Corbett can give him, and it ... make him turn a hair. That's the way it will end," so Paddy says, "if they ever meet." On 10th March, at the Pacific Club, San Francisco, D. R. McLeod threw Joe Acton (the "Little Demon") two straight falls (Græco- Roman), thus winning the match. This was occasioned in a great measure ... Acton's underrating the young Scotchman and his poor condition. An immense amount of money changed hands on this event. Acton has undoubtedly been one of the greatest wrestlers the world has ever seen but age and easy living have done the work. The first fall was won in 50 minutes and the second in 23. This defeat of Acton was a surprise to the sports here. Billie Maber undertook to stop Frank Purc ... at Los Angeles on the 20th March. He Did Not Do It. Maber's weight was 9st 7lb, Purcel 11st 6lb. He stood him off, however and no decision was rendered. ... makes a mistake, like other clever ... when he gives away 30lb to stronger ... heavier men. He experts a match ... Billie Shannon, a 140lb man. Maber ... looking well. Joe Choynski, at the conclusion of ... boring tour with Hall, had an offer ... Muldoon for a ten-weeks' engagement ... £100 per week. He refused. Hall, ... nski, and Davies journey to England ... 16th April, to look after Jackson's wants. Jack Slavin visited the New York ... recently, and left a challenge to ... Alexander Greggains of San Francisco ... the Olympic Club of New Orleans for ... purse of £1000, both men to weigh either ... or 156 pounds at the ring side. ... Greggains sees this item he will accommodate Jack. N.L. London Californian Athletic Club. 