STAGE, SONG AND SHOW. THE REMAINS OP THE ROYAL. The Goodman Testimonial. "La Cigala" at Her Majesty's— Lie- dertafel Concert— "A Pleasant Home" at the Imperial Opera House— Miss Jennie Lee— Miss Myra Komble — A Benefit Boom— Revivals by Mrs. Beere's Co.— The Gaiety Co. — " Merchant of Vealco "at tbo Gar- rick— The Em pire Co. From what transpired at a meeting held at the Hotol Australia yesterday afternoon, it would seem that the valuable services rendered by Mr. George Goodman during the 10 veurs or so lie was an ornament to tho Theatre Royal aro to be substantially recognised. A number of gentlemen met to discuss tbe advisabieuess of maitiug some acknowledgement of the esteem and popu larity in which Mr. Goodman haB so lone been held, and with the Hon. W. J. Triokett, M.L.C., in the chair matters were quickly brought to a point by the adop. tion of a useful suggestion thrown out by Mr. Vnnder — wo mean Mr. Wil liamson — that tile presentation should con sist of an address, with a purse of sovereigns as a sort of "sinker.', On the motion of Mr. C. Richards this was adopted, and when a list was opened ill the room the response was swift and liberal. A committee to carry the movement through was thoro and then formed. Up to the present no steps have been taken with respect to the remains of tho recently-departed Theatre Royul, und there is nothing more cheerful ou the premises than a damp-looking salvage man, who roams through tho fragrant ruins by night and sings weird songs to the moon through the place wlicro the roof used to bo. Some times when he is gleeful he plays a three- act comedy on the dismantled stage, and the ghost of Johnny Toole sits in front and glares with goggly eyes at him, while the Btara wink solemnly at the wreck and the fresh night wind comes in and plays with his whiskers.- Those who think they know say the house will never be rebuilt. But we shall see. A fortnight's i-nn of "La Cigale" has brought about but .slight difference iu the nightly business, and even now audiences are as large as Her Majesty's Theatre can comfortably hold. Much has already been written of the gorgeoiisnes3 of the produc tion, and of tho lavish completeness with which tho work is presented. To those who have not yet seen tho opera it may be of interest to know that it will be presented only for threo nights longer, arrangements having been mado for the production of "Marjorie," a work that will be Been for the first time in Sydney. Liedertafcllars of the Sydney sort will not noed to be reminded that on Tuesday night next the sixty-third smoker is to be given. The Centennial Hall has been again en gaged for tho purpose, and sawdust will at an early dato bo spread in readiness for the Occasion. In addition to the ordinary forces of the society Messrs. Walsh (tenor), Straus ('celloist), and Stevenson (violinist) will assist. A programme rich in novelties has been prepared for the night, which should prove as enjoyable as any of the many pleasant ones that have preceded it. Matters in connection with the Imperial Opera House are, to put it delicately, a trifle mixed. As most playgoers nro already aware, "The Whirligig "lias not turned out tho big success that enthusiasts hoped for— in fact, it hasn't been a success of any de scription whatever — a result duo to a variety of causes, which needn't be gone into in this column. At thepresent moment the management of the new house recognise that the bait must be changed, and that as rapidly as possible, wherefore a now American comedy: entitled " A Pleasant Homo/' will be put up to-night. The piece, of which we frankly confess ignorance, was, it is said, done with com plete success both in London and America, and at the hands of a capable cast, headed by Mr. Frank Currier, a character actor of proved ability, "A Pleasant Homo" will see its Australian premiere to-night. Dates havo also been mado providing for tho appearance at tho Imperial Opera House on this night week of the imperishablo MiBS Jennie Lee, who will fill a week or two with "Jo," in which whiskered, but ever-wol- come, tragedy she will be supported by Mr. Harry Jcwott as Bucket, Mr. Shine as Guppy, and other popular people. Miss Lee, not to be out of the fashion, has graciously consented to accept a fine and large benefit on July 15, prior to hor return through America to England, where this wonderful little woman was born more than 20 years ago. If negotiations aro brought to a satis factory termination MiBS Myra Kemble will make her appearance at the .Imperial Opsra House in a comedy- drama by Fred. W. Broughton entitled " A Peer of the Realm," in which she will bo supported by Messrs. Jewett and Arthur Lawrence, Mrs. Moly- neuxi and perhaps Mr. Lyndal. At pre sent, however, the matter is doubtfuL' Benefits being the order of the hour, Mi'sb Earl is to be tenderod one on Tuesday even ing at tho Garrick, and to aid in the laud able object Mr. Bcntley and Co. will present "Tho Morehant of Venice," and a host of other mem bars of tho perfesh (including tho vivacious American herself) will contribute to a liberal programme. Everything is as it should be in connec tion with, the production of "Adrieuno I.ecouvreur " at the Critorion Theatre, for the representation is adinirablo to the minutest detail, and the patronago extended by tho public has so far been of tho most gratifying character. The Miohonnet of Si. Marius is the performance by which this accomplished actor will be principally re- momberetl in this city. To-night "Masks and Faces " will bo revived, on Monday "London Assuranoo," Tuesday "Fedora," Wednesday "School for Scandal" and Thursday, tho last night of tho season, will bo devoted to " Maske and Faces." As yot the Criterion has not been let for next Friday night. After about a week's "quiet, calm delibe ration " it was, on Wednesday night, ar ranged that upon tho conclusion, noxt Thursday night, of Mrs. Bernard Score's Sydney season she and company should pro ceed to Melbourne for a brief return visit, whioh will be filled at tbe Opera House, the Gaiety Company filling in at Adelaide. Then the companies will change places, Mrs. Becre and party going on to Adelaide, and the hurlesquers back to resume business iu Melbourne. Under present, circumstances the chance of the Gaiety lot being seen in Sydney for Bome months to come is very remote, and wo are given to understand that as yet no fixtures in that direction have been made. Ye Johnnies think of it! For months you may languish for Lothbridge and Lenmar, hanker for Hood, and cry aloud forConyers. There's no theatre for them, and until there is we must e'en drag out a miserable existence without them. Mrs. Vanderveer Greene, tho talented contralto, who is about to return to her home iu America, is, bj; tho kindness of many people who have interested themselves in the movement, to bo accorded a parting benefit on the nightof Saturday July 23. It has been arranged that the concert will take place in the Centennial Hall, and, as already a number of Mrs. Vandorvoer Greene's professional friends have volunteered to assist, there should be little doubt as to the success of the scheme. At present the com mittee are hungrily searching for influential patrons, though what advantage is likely to accrue from an aggregation of that kind it is difficult to determine. Mr. Bcntley is putting in a season of many changes at the Garrick, and conse quently of hard work, but it is satisfactory to be able to record a condition of business that should amply compensate him. Last night before a comfortably filled house "The Lady of Lyons" was repeated, and to-night it is the intention of the manage ment to rcvivo " Tho Merchant of Venice," in which for tho first time in this city Mr. Bcntley will be seen us Shylock. Of his performance herein a great deal has been said and written in praise, and if we may form anticipations on tho flattering opinions that havo been expressed, wo may confidently expect a further proof to-night of his sterling worth as an uctor. Threo nights of "Tho Morehant of Venico" and then "Hamlet" will be revived, in compliance with a general request. Arrangements have been concluded by which Mr. George Musgrovo's Empire Company will commence an inningB at the Garrick Theatre on Thursday, July 14, and terminate on the night of Saturday, July 30\. This combination, consisting of Carl Hertz, the wonderful magician, Mr. Fred Mason, Miss Rose Dcaring and many others, started out it may bo remembered some months ago with a season at the Mel bourne Opera House, following with New Zealand and other places. Now Sydney audiences are to have an opportunity to sample the quality of the organisation, and if it in any way justifies the good things that havo everywhere been said of it wo shall havo much reason to hail tho visit with soulful joy and gladness. If the little feathered talepitcher whom wo have laid on to bring us the very lateBt items of gossip chirps truthfully this time there arc likely to bo changes at moro than one theatre that will come as a surprise to those who know the parties concerned. There is nothing moro to be said at present, but within tho next week or so events will doubtless provo the truth or otherwise of the rumor. Wo have been looking at the programme prepared for Mr. Royce'a benefit, which, as previously announced, will be brought off at the Criterion Theatre on tho aftornoon of Wednesday next. Kuowinghowpopular, both as an actor aiid u man, our own Blucskin is, we arc not surprised to find in readiness one of the very strongest bills over presented for tho purpose in this city. A feature of tho afternoon should lie the performance of "Trial By Jury," by Messrs. Vernon, Ryley, Braooy, Lissant and Miss Graupner, whilst to share tile honors of tho day thoro will be contributions by a score of distinguished actors, actresses and vocalists. Towards the end of the programme M. Murius will present his sketch "Tho Silvor Line," wherein we aro to expect a display of the pantomimic art in perfection. Mr. Herbert Standing will give his marvellously clevor imitation ot well- known actors. Miss Elsie - Cameron will sing, and so will Mr. Ryley, whilst as a choice morsel for the close Mr. Royce him self will, in " Tho dancing barber," revive one of his earliest successes. A strong bill and a thoroughly deserving cause will of a certainty bring about the desired bumper. There has been no reason to complain of the condition of business at tho Alhambra during tho week, and Mr. Smith has, we should say, been substantially compensated for his enterprise in laying on novcltioe. The success of Corina, the wire walker, is assured, and in every other rcBpect the show is a joy and a consolation. A complete change of bill will be made on Monday night. At Botany, both this aftornoon and to-morrow, there will be ample store of amusement. Miss Bessie Doyle's concerts will, as already announced, take place at the Cen tenary Hall on Thursday, July 7, and Tues day, July 12. This talented young artiste will be heard in a selection of pieces that should afford a severe tcBt of her ability. Amongst other numbcrsalie will play Spohr's "Adagio," Viouxtemps' "Fantasia Ap- pasionata" and the concerto "FisMoll." The young violinino will be assisted on eacli occasion by Mr. Walsh, M. DeBlouis, Miss Esther Kahn and Mr. Charles Bowler. Mr. Larmour bus, as usual, secured tho very best available talent for his concert at Coogee to-morrow, and as a reward for bis enterprise in doing so there will, no doabt, be the usnal Dig attendance. 