i LOYE "BETTER THAN SACRIFICE: &N; INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT, 5 Y OS OAR PARI; CHAPTER XX. A nAPTTTTLATIOlf. ' Am I expeoted to say that Mr. Mowbray's re- flections betwesn the departure of Mr. Burdick and the second appearance of Dormsen were of a very humiliating and painfnl nature 7 Then I must disappoint an expectation so lictie justified by an accurate understanding of this gentleman's character. He very quickly floundered througii the rather noisome bog in which the American had left him sticking, and speedily reached ground firm enough to bear his weight. Ho had saved the gilding, and, indeed, had added to it a fresh layer, which, if not as thick an one as he : had hoped to see, was yet immeasurably better than to have the old gilding stripped entirely away. What if he had failed to overreach Mr. Burdick ? That was a mere incident. What if he had failed to marry his daughter to the man of his choice ? He could shew that impudent young cub's father that he could get on very well with out the support of Thotndoa and Son. What if he was about to eat his own words to Dormsen ? It would be strange if with his mastery of words he could not juggle so effectually as to make that young man see that the earlier interview had been nothing more than a trial of the strength of hi3 purpose and persistence. And at the worst John Wolsey Mowbray, he reflected, must still to ninety- nine one-hundredths of the universe present unim paired the imposing figure of a terrene god encased in shining metal. Oh, no 1 While it would have been a satisfaction without alloy to have reached his goal by his own path, >et he had come so perilously near being compelled or turn back altogether, that his dominont emotion speedily became one of exul tation that he should have got so far without \- "—disaster. _The habits of a lifetime are nqt to be so easily disconcerto'i. There is more bigotry in self- worship than in lay other form of devotion. Pre- Berve the substance and the incidents will get themselves harmonised somehow or other. In fact, now that Mr. Mowbray came to think it all over, he began to fancy that he had really hoodwinked Mr. Bnrdick very cleverly. Indeed, too, he had quite made up his mind to have nothing more to do with the Thorndonp, father and son both, which would be quite sufficiently galling to them ; and now that he was assured by a disinterested person that Dormsen was possessed of both good birth and money, he should have probably himself selected that yonnggentleman as a suitable husband for his daughter, if for no other reason because it would be wormwood to the Thorndons. Thus easy and Bimple it is for one, who worships with his whole bouI, to not alone augment such virtues as his idol has, hat to impose upon it other virtues which it has not. " I am informed that you wish to see me, Mr. Mowbray," said Dormsen, as he entered that gentleman's Bitting- room a second time this evening, "Ah, yes, Mr. Dormsen ! Will you kindly be seated. After you hod left me some time ago I began to fear I had been somewhat abrupt. You will confess yourself, my dear sir, that the sudden ness of your ccmmnnication and its nature were — considering my ignorance of your claims upon my attention — such as could not fail to receive from a father, whose first thought is for his daughter's happiness, if not a distinct refusal, yet such a modified tone of non- encouragement as would negative any presumption of acquiescence \- on my part without absolutely destroying hope on yours, until I coald make certain inquiries as . matter of commendable precaution." Christopher Dormsen'a knowledge of the Eng lish tongue had very greatly improved in the past winter, bub he had yet to learn what could be done with it when the effort; was fairly made. However, though he could not himself have framed these sentences, yet he caught their purport very clearly; "Am I to understand, Mr. Mowbray, that you did not intend, a short time ago, to distinctly and finally refuse me your consent; 1" Mr. Mowbray opened his eye3 very widely. How surprised he was that any such interpretation could be put on his earlier words. "Oh, by no means, Mr. Dormsen!" And then he thought it well to be facetious, and he smiled in quite a confidential and engaging way. " Ah, my dear young friend, when I was at your age such on interpretation would have been the very last that my warm desires would have suffered me to put upon language dictate 1 solely by a father's worldly prudence and that uffrctioa which shrinks from parting with a beloved object. Ah," he con- tinned, looking into the fire with a meditative gaze, "I am an oId-fa?hioned gentleman, Mr. Dormsen, ' as you see. I cannot entertain the subject of the disposal of my daughter's hmd without) a pang." There were reasons why Dormsen did nob care to make any audible reply to these — proofs, shall we call them 7 of a parent's singleness of affection, but he could with great truth assure Mr. Mow bray that the rejection of his suit — for so he had understood it— had only postponed his purpose nob overwhelmed it. " I supposed your language ad mitted of but one construction, Mr. Mowbray, bub I can assure you it did nob dishearten me." ' "I am delighted to hear that assurance of the strength of your attachment, Mr. Dormsen. The ardour of the young i3 always an attractive object of contemplation to those whose hearts age has robbed of impetuous fi.-e, though giving in 'exchange perhaps a more generous depth of emotion. No; something in your manner when you left my room prompted me to ask myself whether I had not possibly impressed an element of finality upon my words, which it was far from my purpose to imply. You have affected me very Agreeably, Mr. Dormsen, in the few times we 'have met, hut I could not do otherwise than at least affect indifference to your proposals, until I could learn that my daughter, Clara, should regard the matter with at least not disfavour, and that in a more worldly point of view the consummation of Buch an engagement would he likely in all respects tc secure her future happiness ; and her happiness, Ivlr. Dormsen, I do hot need to remind you, is all I have to live for." . "Then am I to gather from what you say now to me, Mr. Mowbray, that since I left this room you have satisfied yourself upon these two points V ' , " A— well— not— I should say — well yes, vir- tually, Mr. Dormsen, virtually. I should not have " "You must forgive my interrupting you, Mr. Mowbray, to say that what I have requested af you is your permission to ask Miss Mowbray to be my wife. I do not wish anyone to plead my cause with her or to bring any 'influence to bear upon her." There was a very conscious distrust of the elder genii man in his mind, which prompted thissuggesuon. And the limitation which it put to his own action brought a throb of dis tress to Mr. Mowbray. Suppose, Clara, left to herself, should decline this offer, where would he be f However, there was nothing left now . but to accept the situation as it was offered to him, and he bowed with some degree of offended majesty as he went on, " 1 was about to say, f when you interrupted me and, as you will see, without cause, Mr. Dormsen, that I should not Y, have reoalled you but for the fear which pressed A upon me that you might have interpreted my JS words too harshly, and might be suffering from disappointment. Unhappily for one in this jr. rather selfish age," he continued iu a tone of . pointed and melancholy rebuke, ' I am so sensi- | tively constituted that any suffering or pain | which I can relieve compels my instant care and attention. At the risk, therefore, of being thought ». by you even whimsical and of ehnn geful purposes, v. I could not rest without sending for you to-night, J and informing you thac t here is no longer any J objectiononmyparttoj'ouriuldre>siflgiujdaugkfcci« iThe rest, of course, must lie with her." How could Dormsen do otherwise than exprrss in grateful thanks something of the joyon relief V . he felt, or when he went to his room So otherwise Y than lie awake half the night con fern -I Ming the morrow? The issue oil mt justify the father's agitation in view of ahstfll possible disaster, and he probably never came quiie ho near loving i.js daughter as when she came to him on the follow ing day with happy" face .and heart ofi gladness, " . -\nd he knew that all was well, lie had a glow of - eatisfaction in well-doing, the like of which had been long an unknown 'VensaUon. A a Mr. Bar- dick ha&qpredicted; he " felt good." And he continued to " feel good." He continnsa . to "feelgood" to this day. It is not in his nature, indeed, to feel otherwise while life lasts, while he keeps what he has and his imagination remains of sufficient strength to crown his temple with v\ or' shippers. How it will be in the next world into ,whioh John Woolsey Mowbray's soul will go gatto naked without the nugget and without the worshippers it does not become the simple chronicler to hazard a conjecture. We may be sure, however, that by a well-guarded provision of his will and testament, the monument to be here after erected to bis earthly remains will contain an inscription which will comfort his disciples to the last generation, and forever present to their ripe imaginations a picture of their idol floating on golden cloiids, and alwayB "feeling good." Strict truth, however, compels me to state that he felt best when, on the first of the following month, he realised that a very handsome sum had been paid into Thorndon and Son, bankers, on his account, that his maturing bills had been promptly met, and that he was considerably richer than he ever had been before. He also "felt good," very good, when he transferred his balance to another house. He " felt good " when he gave his daughter a very handsome wedding, and when he read the accounts of it afterwards in the morn ing papers. These are the things which go to make np the charm of life, over which one can think long and deliriously, which are delightful in anticipation, delightful in the moment of action, and delightful in retrospect — to some people. As for Percy Thorndon, he received, a3 La "drifted along back towards Paris," a letter from Mr. Burdick, which held not only a very great surprise for him, but offered no temptation to drift back to Rome again. A note from Miss Mowbray had already reached him, not those few impulsive lines, written under the first stress of her indigna tion, but a more reasonable, prudent, and more calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding. But Clara Mowbray was as frank as he had begged her to be, and there was nothing left for him to do but to keep on towards England. Then came this communication from Mr Bur dick, which I give nearly verbatim, making no apology for its length, and only wishing I could also reproduce the chirography. " My dear Thorndon," it began, " I hope yon are not still looking for Marconti, because you are nob iikely to find him. He has gone, I think, where, frc-m all nceonnts, even these ridiculous Ii-.iman aqueducts would be popular. I want bo finish with him fir.st and have done with him for good and all, so I will tell you how it happened, lie went back to Capri. His friends will say thathe. . repented of what he h ad . done qncl -wen-fr-fa ack to rescue Poru-ssh; f think" I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between you and me th ero is no need to discuss his motives. Well then, he went back. He prowled up to the Tini- berio. It was night and moonlight. He got a3 far as that little eate, you remember, that I broke open — and star, ding there alone with his own soul he heard a step, turned round and saw Christopher Dormsen just behind him. It was enough to frighten him, wasn't it? Well it did. It frightened bimso that he fell against that little gate, which — let ine lemind you once again — I had happily left rather weak, and down he went about a thousand feet. So the devil got him at his own price. That doesn't sound nice and polite, doeB it ? Never mind ! Sometimes I don't want to be nice and polite. But about Christopher Dormsen 's ghost. Ah, my dear Thorndon, I think I hear you mutter, 'What do I care for the crazy fancies of that wretch ? ' But it wasn't Christopher Dormsen'a . ghost, as it happens, but Christopher Dormsen himself. Now your disgust tarns to me and you say, 'This man has had Dormsen on the brain for the past two months, and is the real madman after all.' Well, all I can say is, if I am wrong abont it, Clara Mo wbray is going to marry a ghost sometime next summer in London, and you will have a chance to satisfy yourself by the evidence of your own senses, and I will do you the justice to say, that I know no man less iikely to be deceived, when he reully sees a thing, than Percy Thorndon. "No ! the man you and I found looked astonish ingly like Christopher Dormsen — was Christo pher Dormsen'a twin brother bub ivas not Christopher Dorsmeu. He deceived Marconti un fortunately,. but that was not so very remarkable because Marconti had not seen the ofch.ee of fcen. He deceived us, probably because we only saw him in that dying condition and were predisposed to believe it was the man we knew, though I am not at all prepared to say that we could have told them apart, if we had seen them both alive and well. Just as singular mistakes as that have happened before. " Really the moat remarkable thing about it all is, that we none of us knew that Dormsen had a brother. It was just one of those strange chances that do occur (and yet are so strange that we call them miraculous), that there had been no occasion for Dormsen to mention that fact. When I spoke to him of this, ha thought that of course he had mentioned his brother, nub iu truth he had not to any one of us. They had been iu Rome together, and then separated to meet again later, but I will tell you all the details when I see yon in London. I am not good at writing letters, and this is a longer one than I ever remember writing in my life before. " There is one thing more, though, that I ought to say more about. Mis3 Mowbray and Dormsen are, as is very right and proper, engaged to be mar ried, and are aB happy a pair of simple lovers as you would care to see. I know you will be as glad of it as I am, especially since (I mention this because you care so much for these things over here) he is tip-top socially, and ha3 money enough to give her a new gown every day in the year if she wants it, so the old gentleman can squander his wealth in silver mines, or the New York Stock Exchange, if he chooses to, without hurting her in the least. " Dormsen is writing you himself to thank yon for what you did for his brother, but he is not likely, under the circumstances, to mention this other matter, so I have. He is .a rather sensitive fellow, by the way — and — well— see here 1 — it will do him a lot of good if you will say, when you answer his letter, that yon have heard of his engagement, and yon very heartily and sincerely congratulate him. I know you'll do it gladly, though you'll abuse me for interfering again ; but then again, you see, I know you wouldn't be likely to do it if I didn't mention it, because it naturally wouldn't occur to you. And then I kno iv your heart isn't breaking." As a matter of fact Percy Thorn'loh became en gaged the next; season to a -la.iy who had been heard to declare— to an intimate 3'iady friend of coarse — that the only married life which seemed to hoe to bs in any way tolerable, would be one where the husband and wife should require a fresh1 introduction to each other every looming. We may assume, therefore, I think, that fate — or impudent intermeddling— had for once resulted in making four young hearts happy, instead of leaving two to misery. (To be continued .) iOUKu man, you have been coming to my house alraest every night during the whole winter, and now all at once yon become cool, and hardly speak to my daughter. What does all this mean ? Explain your self I" The young man hesitated, ancl finally said in a scared sort of way: " I — I came to your h'ouse during the winter, because- — " . " Young man, if you love my daughter, come out and say so." " I came because — because I had no stove in my room, and I wanted to get warm." " You can just go to— to where it is hot without a stove," and the young man picked him self up out on the sidewalk. The Fashion in Jokes.—1 The plumber joke is get ting a little out of season, but it may be packed in camphor and will be in style when the freezes come again. The roller skate joke is vciy popular and is worn on all occasions, cither with or without trim ming. The rich editor joke does not appear to pall upon the taste. It is quite becoming when worn with passementerie edging. Spring poetry jokes are undergoing a revival aiul are quite the an. fait in recherche circles. With a . waste basket orerskirt may be' worn either morning or evening in the house. The young-mian-and-girl's-pa ' joke . holds its own, and is really one of the most popular and fashionable seen in polite society. The mule joke is relegated to the commoner classes," ancl may really be called "old fashioned." It is still in favour iu the rural districts, and seems destined to continue so for several years. The very-angry-wife-at-three-o'clock- in-tlie morning joke is not in such favour as formerly, but still many insist upon making it part of theirdaily wear. The liver pad joke has almost dis appeared. Occasionally, however, it may be seen tied in with a knot of ribbon quite prettily. The honest politician joke is too decoletta to be popular. If cut high in the neck it might reign for a brief season. The sleeping policeman joke had many friends and bade fair to become courtly in its style, but it lacked tone and fell into line with ordinary styles. Puns are popular with all classes. They may be worn as bangles, and in an infinite variety of ways. The boarding-house pie, hash or gum shoe steak joke enjoys a periodical renaissance and seems to retain its original lustre. When made up properly it is still a favourite. The young-husband-paregoric joke may be worn on evening occasions, and is not altogether out of style. The fashions in other lines continue about the same as per last report. Of course, with new demands coipp new supplies, and though there is nothing entirely new, the old things are so artistically worked oyer | that they pass quite readilv for original designs. — Merchant Traveller. : 