THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS, ‘ I would give a million dollars for a stomach,’ said a wealthy American recently Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not? able to buy the article even at that price. Mr Thomas Gaskin, of No 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many being a gardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn’t got. Here is his story, nnd he shall tell it in hia own way. Mr Gaskin goes on to say, ‘ Up to S years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. Iu December, 1S82, whilst living at Beceton, near Notting ham, my appetite fell away, I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slimo, the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest used to ‘ fill up ’ and my throat would swoll so I couldn’t button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, chiefly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears. 1 became exhausted and short of breath aud had to call to call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. ‘ I then went as out-patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six' months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recom mended me to try a change of air So I canto to Darley Abbey and my furmer master gave mo an indoor recommendation to the Derby shire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ‘You [ are in galloping consumption, and must die ; theotherdoctors, after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing, but shook their heads. ‘ Getting a trifle better nty old master Ttllowed me to do wliat little I could in his' gardens and grounds; and somo days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1SSS, when I caught cold, got very short of breath, and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm, sometimes as much as a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear the phlegm, would choke me. At this time the whites of my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were bloodshot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather and I conld keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. ‘ I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for hours looking at my hands—nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I couldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. • The doctor kept on attending me, but he said, ‘ I can do you no good; I can only patch you up, because your lungsare diseased. I then gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, ‘ Well you wont cough mnch longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.’ '.About the middle of March, 1SS9, a neighbor named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ‘ Tom did you ever try Mother Seigels ? and told me how he had been curedatterbeing in the hospital. He spoke so much in praiseof this medicine that I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith’s Stores in Vic toria street. After the first dose I had a vacuation black as ink, vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and 1 told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel’s Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and had never lost a day's work ‘ Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel’s Syrup for six months . I was strong ns ever in my life and haveeontined so ever since.' In giving his consent to the publication of this rcmarablo statement, Er Gaskin re quests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abby, who is acquanted with all the facts alleged. Mr Gaskin has lived at Darley Abby, 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what waB the complaint from which he suffered; Not galloping, certainly (as one of the doctors thought) or he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was ehronie inflammatory dyspepsia (or ehronio gastric catarrh) which has lung symptoms like consumption, for which it is so often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel’s Syrup, was used the disease yielded, as all diseases of the digestive tract do yield to that magnificent preparation. We heartly congratulate Mr Gaskin ou his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking poeple. 