A Strange ^a* Story. At the breaking oat. of the civil war I was a mere boy, and oar nearest neighbour was a florrid-faoed, krnd heartedr generous old Quaker. Both \- he and? his good, wife had been reared in the south, and after the liberation oftbeir slaves from a sen s^ of datv, still retained enough to surround1 them selves and family with all the corn forts which the people of their simple faith care ta possess. In those days their great stone house with its thick TF-dls, broad verandahs,, and low win dows, met my idea of the castles which were mixed with in my meagre knowledge ©f medieval times. The macadamised road that run through the farm was lined on either side with loextst trees,, that iu the period of blooming made the air heavy with the perfume of the' graceful white blossoms . 'waving in the background of green that they almost concealed. A never failing spring that bubbled up through moss-grown stone was - embowered m the overhanging- branches of strong traoKed' weeping willows. The great front yard had its driveways cot through a rich sw.-irdv and wouaid among towering maples. The garden Bad the earliest, the latest,, and the sweetest flowers. The stock was. the fattest and the best eared; for. The negroes who would not leave a kind master and mistress, found a life of comparative ease and plenty with them. The hautlsoiae old geutleman was *?* Grandpa Waterson ' to all of us. and the wife who allowed' no visiting boy er girl to- depart without cookies, great mellow apploe, mince pip, maple sugar cakes, or some other evidence ol a kindness that took all the world into her heart, was always ?*? gratuitous..'' No nobler pair eveE trod tb-?- pathway of life together; and- the- sorrows that «aine upon them suggested to me as a 'boythe-inscrutablie ways of Providence. There were two- sons in= the family, models of physical perfection and manly courage, No handsomer could fce found. There were over six feet tall, had the light curly hair, the blue eyes and the fresh complexion- so conspicuous in meu ©f Anglo-Saxon ©rgihi They were highly educated, and idolised not only by tbe parents but by the four fair sisters^ and untold scores of other people's sisters. One Bad gone West,, and soon established a popularity that placed him: in a respefisibJe public position. The other had- remained? at borne and; relieved Grandpa Waterson of every business care. Tbe startling news of active hostili ties flashed. aver the country. Henry, the eK'er son* resigned his office, and surprised us all by appearing one afternoon witbout previous notice. The warm family greeting over, Henry called his brother out for a walk, and forgetful? that 'little pitchers have ears' they allowed me to saunter along. At tne spring we ail arauK,. ana men followed a long tramp in the shade of the locusts. I almost let out a shout of mingled terror and surprise when I heard Henry eay to Charles in the language they bad always used at home, 'Charles, I have decided to. enlist.' *? I have already done so.' ^Thee cau'tmeanfc it. Do- father and mother know ??' 4 1 promised Ruth; to tell them to* night. It's more terrible tome thaa the dread of war.' * Thee is nearer to them than I,. Charles,. I wilT break the news to lather when we get back.. JNo- one Gan, soothe mother or break, the- news so gently as he. I am. more than sorry that thee has taken this stpp, for I came home te prevent It, I wanted to make sure that oae son- and one toother would be Ifett. But it is too ate. I have consented; to command a regihient of sharpshooters,, and can not honorably disappoint them, twill have a- gallant -lot of 'boys at; my back. Here I- broke away so full' of impor tance that I ran at top speed. 1 was going to tell Grandma Waterson.. I would not have those two handsome fellows stopping bullets. But I raet Lydia, as pretty a maiden as ever donned a drab dress or- dropped* a modest pair of eyes, and called all her frieuds by their first names. * Lydia-.'' I shouted between breaths, '?Heury and Charlie are going to enlist. It must be stopped,' and by that time the girl was as pale as a ghost, and leaning against the nearest ' Don't thee say another word,' she commanded in a determined voice, Not uu other word. This must come from brother Henry or Charles. But it will break Mother's heart, and I jjoiued Lydia in a hearty cry just for sympathy Only in after years did I learn what followed. Henry, in his manly straight forward; way, told his father all. Pleading- argument, an J persuasion on the part ot the afflcted old man were in vain. It was contrary to the doctrine of the- non-resistance, a tenet of the cliuech ;: it was raising the hand of his son against the relatives who were lefc in the south-,.but the brothers firmly clung to their dfctermination, gently persisting- and doing all possible to soften the poignant grief they in flicted.. Grandp* Waterson's lips quivered as he- bade Henry goodbye, and the broked -hearted mother clung to-tite: »eck of her eldest born until unconsciousness released her- from the pang- of actual' parting. A few days later Charles rode forth «n his own horse,, a gallant black, of £fijjtttcky- lineage,, aad. everybody agreed that no finer braver boy would do battle for the Union. He joined the Ringgold Cavalry. Early in the year be was left wounded on the field, and was kindly eared for by a southern family. His chief nurse was a pretty little rebel with soft, wavy hair, great brown eyes, invitiug lips, and a dis position as cheery as the clear sun shine after an April shower. No woman had a right to resist that big, brave, handsome fellow, and there the union soldier was betrothed to the the bewitching champion of secession* Then Annie, for that was her name, began to correspond with Ruth, ana through this intangible link of con nection, the whole family fell in love with the little confederate. Chanes rejoined bis troops as- soon as able. After a desperate engage ' ment his company was scattered-,, and ?lie was hemmed in on. every side except where the rugged mountains of Virginia towered up behmd him^bolflly he turned the black, wert flying over footpaths, leaping chasms,, and forcing his way where few could, follow... But there was bold mouatainteers in chase,, and when they brought Charles to bay, the gallant: stand; he made,, drawing his sabre when his resolvers were einpied, saved his life fora time. His desperate courage won the heart of the southerners, and they persisted until he was taken alive. He was sent to Lebby,. made his escape, went for days without food, and at length he- found it, ate so much that deaths followed quickly upon the : pangs ot starvation. ? Henry's- record was as brief as glorious. His regiment worshipped him. Ho man of them, westerners though they were, could outride or outshoot him. He led wherever he asked hi& men to go. A giant in strength, he was a hero in courage. At Pleasant Hill, La., Vie was shot from, his horse but still fought on, and' after being fatally wounded, three of the enemy bit the dust before his hand dropped senseless to the ground. His .remains- came home, and. never was brother, son, and neighbour more sincerely mourned. Charley's story was never learned until after the war; But now comes a sequel stronger than the story itself. Grandpa Waterson and his wife had borne their sorrows with a fortitude that only people like them can understand. They talked of their lost boys, and together found a grim: pleasure in reviewing the childhood, the youthful experiences and the manly qualities of their dead sons. Time and time have I seen them at the end of the front verandahi. overgrown honey suckles, sitting hand in hand talking; of Henry and Charles. To be continued. 