Convict Days in Van Dieman's Land No. 7. LAYING THE PHANTOM Superintendent Eyre listened attentively next morning to the report of the young officers, regarding the vision they had seen on the island cemetery. He did not believe, for a single moment, that it was a visitor from spirit- land that was thus airing itself on the cliff, and yet both the soldiers and the officers must have been confronted by something very extraordinary, or they would not have been so startled as they were. " Of course, I need scarcely ask if you believe in ghosts?" he queried. " Indeed, we do not," was the unanimous answer. " And we all know that there are no settlers in this region thirty feet high," he went on with a smile. "The object we saw was of quite that stature," replied Trench, "and it was not dressed in convict clothing. A long beard ' was also visible." " The only thing we can do is to make an exhaustive search of the islet to-day, and we might find some clue to the mystery," said the superintendent, slowly. "If we have a human being to deal with (even though a giant) we will know how to do so, whilst, if the visitant is of supernatural origin, it is beyond our power to interfere, and we must only leave it to its own nightly journeys." Eyre was essentially a practical man, and during the day he took a number of men to Deadman's Isle and made a thorough search of it, especially about the cliffs where the phantom bad been seen. The quest was quite unsuccessful. Certainly, there were a few yawning chasms in the great basaltic rocks through which Satan or one of his imps might arise throngb, bnt the sound of the sea, booming at the bottom of them, and occasionally (in stormy weather) throwing up spray through the natural blowhole, made the supposition highly improbable. No clue could be found, and in a few days the wonder, created by the statements of the officers, began to die out, and the ghost seemed likely to be forgotten. A slight exoitement was oreated at Hobart Town when it was bruited around that the prison cemetery was hannted, and a few extra inquisitive people visited the islet in the hope of catching a glimpse of the phantom. Their curiosity, however, was not rewarded. On the fifth of October following, a small party of the officers at Port Arthur went across to Hobart Town to be present at a dinner, given in honor of the captain and officers of the ship Argus, by the leading residents of the town. This vessel was a convict ship, and it was nearly six years previously since she bad visited Sullivan's Cove with prisoners. The gathering was a large one, and held in the commodious public hall. Almost the same officers managed the ship are on the first voyage — six years back — and they were regarded as old acquaintances by the town folk. Lieutenant Trench and his two companions of the fishing expedition were amongst the guests, and appeared to enjoy themselves very much. Such pleasurable gatherings were not frequent in those days. After scanning the company for some time, the lieutenant's eyes became suddenly riveted on one of the guests near the lower end of the room. His gaze was fixed upon the unconscious man with a curious puzzled expression, but, after a few moments, he turned to his companion, and asked him if he knew the person he had been looking at. " I believe his name ia Tregurtha, and, I understand, he is a settler of means. I have only seen him once before, and that was in the parlor of the Macquarie hotel," responded the man addressed. This did not enlighten Trench very much and for a time he forgot the face which had so interested him. Daring the evening, when the proceedings became free, he found himself at the lower end of the room with one of hie fishing companions. Looking across the table, he again saw the man that he was told was named Tregurtha. The latter was conversing with the second officer of the ship Argus, and the two appeared to be intimate friends. " Have you ever eeen that man before, Edwards?" French asked, pointing to Tregurtha. " It seems to me I have, and yet I don't know him. There is something familiar about the face, but I don't even know his name," answered his companion. Not caring to trouble himself further about the matter, the lieutenant entered into the festivities of the evening with zest. It was sometime near midnight when he left the excited group, amongst which he had been standing, and walked towards a wing of the building, which bad been made into an artificial fern dell for those who might wish to temporarily escape the heated room. He was looking at, and admiring an immense fern-tree, when, through a lull in the noise which came from the main hall, he distinctly heard voice near him, and he caught the words, " Deadman's Isle," That spot had a peculiar interest for him since the ghostly incident, and his attention was instantly aroused, 'I am thinking of leaving the place and making for the old land again. Since the prison has been built, the place is dangerous (for me. The fact that it is now a cemetery brings too many people to it." Thiswas spoken in a gruff voice that was not familiar to the lieutenant, and the tones ifthe answering speaker were equally strange, 1 am told that the place is haunted, so that you ought not to have many visitors, especially at night, which is the time you want to yourself. But I quite agree with your desire to return to England for your life must be a dreary one." " Yes; it's beginning to tell upon me. The eternal becoming of the ocean has got monotonous, and I detest it. Yes, I have heard that the islet is haunted, and, would I believe two searches have been made to find the ghost." At this Trench, who was eagerly listening, heard the two men indulge in a hearty laugh, He was most desirous of seeing who they are, but he did not care to move, as it might betray his whereabouts, and he would thus end the conversation. " I suppose you managed. the ghost nuisances, Penfold ?" was the next words he said, "Yes; I produced' an illusion or two," thinking it might keep intruders away, but it hasn't done so. However, it amused me, and proved that I have not lost any of my canning in the use in the glasses" Tne approach" of a guest, in a rather jolly mood, here put an end to the talk as he went in the direction of the voices, and Trench' heard him say Come on, old fellow; It's not every day we see you, and there's some splendid '22 ' wine still left," The importunate friend was not to be found, and, "as the three men passed out of the ferns, the lieutenant was astonished to see that two speakers, whom he had overheard, were Tregurtha and the second officer of the convict ship Argus. What can these two men have in common," Trench muttered. And he called him Penfold. That must be his name, and not I'regurtha. what can he mean about Dead-' -mans Isle and the ghost. He spoke as if he knew all about it. By jove" the young man broke out, excitedly. " He must he the ghost himself. I thought there was something in his face that I knew, The contour of the head and the queer long beard were the same as those of the phantom. They impressed themselves on my memory, and I shall look farther into this." Ot coarse, had Trench known anything about the escape of Penfold some years beforo, it is more than probable that he would have an idea that tbe man before him bad something in common with the escaped convict; but, as it was, he knew nothing of the unfortunate felon's wonderful escape, and was, therefore, at a loss to account for a true hypothesis of their remarkable conversation He determined to watch the two men that night to try and find out further information, but after waiting until 3 a.m., until they left the hall, he only discovered that they went to the Macquarie hotel, and were admitted:' He returned to his companions, as they were to sail for the prison at four o'clock, but he did not tell 'them anything about the conversation he had heard," When be reached the prison, he went at once to Superintendent Eyre and narrated what had come to his knowledge. " What name did you say that the officer called his companion?" asked Eyre.. "Penfold. I wrote it down so that I should not forget it," answered the young officer. Tbe superintendent went to a shelf, .and taking down a well-bound book, looked through it before speaking again. . "On tbe 22nd of April, 1829,' No.' 129 (Robert Penfold) escaped from the Hobart Town prison, and up to date he has not been recaptured. The manner of his escape was a mystery, and it is supposed that the convict perished in the forest," Eyre said aloud, looking at the lieutenant. " Would it not be strange," be continued, "if 'this 'Penfold were identical with the missing man. And yet it is hardly possible that he conld have remained about the settlements without detection. Unless, indeed, he had good friends. He must have had good friends, too, or he could not .have escaped. Who did you say was his companion ?" he concluded. "The second officer of the convict ship Argus. I heard him called Greeves,. He was one of the chief guests of the evening." " The Argus, the Argus," mused the superintendent. " Why; that's the name of the ship that was in the harbor when Penfold escaped, some six years ago." "Yes, sir. I heard it stated at the dinner' that she was here once before about that period," '' Well, I think there is something.of importance in your discovery. Yet, I cannot understand what Penfold can have to do with the ghost business, as he said. He certainly could not have concealed himself on Deadman's Isle for six years, and, had he been there for six years, we would have found him. However, we may learn more, as I will tell off a clever man to watch him: Be ready to go to Hobart Town in an hour's time to point out Penfold and Greeves to the man I will send with you. When you do that, you may remain in town until the folowing .morning and return with the boat." In an hour's time Trench was back in the office, where be found the superintendent and Constable Chapman, who was a born detective. In company with Trench he left for Hobart Town, where they were fortunate enough to find Greevee and Tregutha or Penfold, for that was hiss proper name in one of the private parlors of tho Macquarie . hotel. Cbapman shadowed them until night, 'and near eight o'clock they left the hotel and proceeded toward the river Derwent Lieutenant Trench met Chapman in the street, following tbe two men, and he accompanied him. Greeves and Penfold reached the river, and in a few minutes tbe spies saw that they bad a boat, and that it might be necessary to obtain another to pursue. This Chapman soon did, and in company with the young officer he followed the men, who were making towards the mouth of the river. Great care was necessary to prevent detection, but the pursuers were keeping a safe distance away. The ocean was scon reached, and then it was apparent that Penfold and his companion were heading towards Deadman's "Isle. The sea was smooth, but the distance was long, and several hours passed before the boats came in. sight of the frowning cliffs of Tasman's Peninsula. Soon they entered Port Arthur, and the silvery streaks of light, made by the dipping oars of the shadowed boat, showed plainly that they were making straight for tbe islet. We must risk going closer to them said Chapman. "They have evidently no idea of their being followed." . - Bending to their oars, they rapidly neared the island. The moon was rising, and the first boat was soon to make straight under tbe jutting cliffs on tee south-east side. "They surely cannot land there," spoke Trench. When he looked again the boat had disappeared, and not a sign of her could be found, although the skiff, containing the pursuers, paddled along the side of the rocks where she was last seen. They were rather puzzled at this, for no opening large enough to account for the disappearance was visible, but as they rowed back for the second time, a peculiar conformation of the rooks caught Chapman's eye. " There must be some waterway about here where a boat can be concealed, and I believe it is about this place," he said. The lieutenant looked in the direction his comrade pointed, and he could plainly see great fissures and .water-worn cavities in the rotten basalt face.. He was scanning the cliff in the hope of being able to find a probable spot, where Penfold and bis friend might have vanished; when he caught sight of a thin streak of light; about half way up the strong wall. There was- no mistaking it, A gleam of light issuing from a crack or hole it evidently was. "Look, Chapman, What does that light mean?" he .eagerly asked, We must see by some means. There must be a secret entrance here to a cavern, and our-friends are in it at present. I don't see how we are to reach that gleam of light ; but we must try. The boat was now under an overhanging edge of rock, and the rugged face of the, cliff which stood out clearly in the moonlight, gave promise of secure .footing,.- '' Keep the boat here, and I will try and. climb the rocks. I think that I can do so,'" whispered' Chapman to his companion. Divesting himself of a superfluous coat, the constable caught hold of the rocky ledge, and, with the aid.of his companion, soon swung himself on to it. Then with the utmost care, he slowly climbed to the spot he wanted to reach, and which like a beacon, was guiding him onwards, Two or three times the soft rock crumbled beneath his feet, but he was wary and did not relax his grip on the firmer stones. Reaching the small fissure he looked in but could see nothing, as it curved, and the opening was too small to permit a proper observation. He Saw at the first glance that the light issuing from the place was an artificial one, and, with the instinct of the detective, he bent his head and placed his ear to the crevice. A distant hum only reached him, which might be the moaning of the sea imprisoned in the subterranean caverns or human voices, but he could not detect which. He made a careful examination of the locality immediately around, and put marks in several places so that' he would be able to recognise the spot again. While he was doing this he heard his name faintly whispered, and, recognising the tones as that of his companion, he hastily descended. He spoke the voice of Trench. back to the boat. I hear the sound of voices and the splash- of oars apparently, at the back of the cliff. 