Nada the Lily (1). The admirers of Mr. Rider Haggard's African tides will not -ho disappointed ni the interest which this latest product of his. pen awakene. It abounds in horrors mixed with legend and romanoe, and it ulso purports to bo an historical record of events now fast falling/into oblivion.. "Nada. tlio Lily" is the . history of tho Zulu people, under tlio iron ralo of Ghnka,, told by an old wizard dootor, named Mopo. or Zwuse, to a wandering Englishman, Suter, woven with the tale of toe - bloody conquests and wholesale murdors of this African .Na poleon (who is said to have caused the death of inoro than a million human beings), is the romance of toe "Lily maid," who brings troublo sooner or later to all who cross her path. Chaka starts as chief of a single small, tribe, and ends as rider of all South eastern Africa. After a reign of unparal leled success, marred by too most unnatural crimes, he finally falls a victim to tho assegais of his brothers and Mopo, his chief Minister. Tho latter, owing to, an oath oworn by Ohakn, is personally spared- by him many times,' but his wires, family, and possessions fall victims to the monarch's vengeance. ' Mopo, while uppurontly for manv years working for the king; in reality plots nis downfall. Tho young hero of tho story, round whom -tho chief, in terest taentres, is 'UmslopogaaB, son of Ghalca, believed by him to have 'been murdered at .his birth, according to orders'/but iu reality spared by Mopo at tlio intercession of his mother, Baleka. His marvellous escapes, life among the ghost-wolves on tho ghost moun tain, where ho hunts with Ws 'blood brother Galazi, tho wolf, his winning of the wonderful axe, "groan -maker," by, which ho becomes ohiof of too people of. tho axe, hit expedition' against the Halukazi thereby gaining J possession of his supposed sister Nada, who had been living in honourable captivity among this tribe, aro somo; of,. too oliief incidents in tha lifo of this "godlike hero." The wonderful lovo of Nada aind Umalopagaosis touohingly described, and iilsoits final fate brought about through the hatred of Zinita, who plays a short hut aotive part in toe stoiy. .. (if " Nada too Lily," by Rider H«p- Rsrd. London, Longmans, Green, and Co.; Bris bane, Watson and Ferguson. 