CHAPTER XXXI. WHAT BERTI DIB. For a moment it seemed to Noble Desmond that his bride was dead. He shouted to the coachman to drive faster-to drive for life ! The carriage drew up at last before the door of Mrs. Margie's lodging. A housemaid in a fresh white cap with pink ribbons, opened the door, all smiles and welcome. Desmond alighted, gathered up his bride in his arms and carried her into the house and laid her upon the drawing-room sofa. The coachman hurried in quest of a physician while Desmond and the housemaid worked for Beryl's recovery. Just as the remaining carriages came hurrying up. Beryl gave a quick gasping sigh and opened her eyes. " My darling !" whispered Desmond, with yearn- ing tenderness, putting his arm around her. " Lie down. You were very ill for a few moments, but you'll be better directly." He pressed her back gently upon the pillow. She closed her eyes wearily to avoid being questioned, but her face was Btrangely drawn and convulsed with an agony whose cause none there could guess. Desmond explained to Mrs. Margie and the rest that bia bride bad fainted on entering the carriage at the church. He believed the cause to be phyaieal, some weakness of the heart, perhaps the doctor would soon tell them. The lodgers stood about in anxious groups. The carriage8.werea}lsenj! away. Mrs. Margie watched at the door for the doctor, while Desmond hung over his bride, his'face''*trangôly;'set'and stern in I its awful anxiety. ' The physician presently appeared, and was con- ducted into the drawing-room. Desmond briefly told what had occurred so far as he knew it. Beryl opened her eyes, answered a few questions, but gave no dew to the cause of her illness " She fainted from over-emotion," announced the doctor, a little puzzled. " She seems to me as if she had received some sudden and terrible shock, but that, under the circumstances, is impossible. She fainted simply, but seems quite weak and pros- trated. I shall give her a quieting powder, and I advise that she be put in her own bed and left to rfst for an hour or two. She will awaken quite herself again. At present, she seems a little dazed and frightened." " It's a bad omen to be taken ill like that at her very wedding, as one might say," said Mrs. Margie. " Poor dear, she was expecting to start for Brighton at five o'clock on her wedding-tower." " She'll be well enough to go," said the doctor. " Better take her as you have planned, Mr. Des- mond. The change is what she requires. I should say that she is weakened from overwork and want of proper nourishing food, although in the last I am probably mistaken. A little care and a few days at Brighton will quite set her up again." The doctor took his leave, and Desmond carried his bride up to her own old room and laid her upon her bed. One of her boxes stood packed and strap- ped, ready for removal. The other was open, ready to receive her wedding-gown. Desmond went out, leaving the curate's wife and Mrs. Margie to disrobe Beryl and put her between the sheets. They gave her the composing powder, and went out softly, leaving her to herself. The lodgers and Mrs. Margie went down to the drawing room, but Desmond sat ontside Beryl's door, watch- ful, listening and anxious. The powder which the doctor had left for Beryl had been unusually powerful, as was required in her state of suppressed yet terrible excitement. It had taken effect now, and Beryl lay in a dreamless Bleep, very like to death, so white, so still, so marble-like, save for the dark circles around her eyes. Desmond hushed his breath as he looked up- on her. " She looks like a lily that has been beaten down by the storm," he thought. " What is this trouble that has come to her ? Ona moment happy, the next stricken down into a seeming of death. What is this mystery that has come between us P Has she discovered that she does not love me P I will not believe it. What, then, is the mystery P" He could not penetrate it. He stood there a long time, watching her death- like sleep, or trance, as it might have been termed, hiB very soul yearning over her. "She will tell me all when she awakens," he thought. "My poor, over-worked, starved little wife !" He bent over and kissed her. Then, fearing lest he should disturb her, he crept softly out again to his poBt in the hall. . The afternoon grew late. The halls and stairs grew full ,of shadows. Mrs. Margie came stealing up at last to light the gas, looking very anxious and troubled. "Mr. Desmond, you'll get your death sitting there in the draughts," she said, in a shrill, exas- perating sort of whisper. "And you've not had a blessed morsel of food to eat since breakfast. Come down and have a cup of tea in the drawing-room* The ledgers are all there, and all feel for yon in this strange dispensation. The house is like a tomb. The wedding-breakfast hasn't been touched. It's almost five o'clock. You won't be able to go to Brighton to- day." "No," said Desmond, quietly. "We shall have to wait until morning now. Mrs. Desmond is asleep, and may not wake for hours. I think she will awaken quite herself." ° " Of course she will, sir. A fainting fit is nothing uncommon. Most girls do faint when they are married-leastways, if s a very common thing for them to do," affirmed Mrs. Margie. " Ifs a sign of feeling, you know, sir. And Miss Star-that is, Mrs. Desmond-she's been overworked lately, as the doctor said, and Blie has hardly eaten meat once Bince she came into my house. The excite- ment in her weakened state was too much for her, that's all." " Do you think that was all, Mrs. Margie." " Law, sir, what else could there be ? There was nothing to frighten her. Come down, Mr. Desmond, while she sleeps." But Desmond declined. Mrs. Margie lit the gas and went below. Presently the curate carne up and urged Desmond to descend, and was so earnest in his entreaties that the young man reluctantly gave in to him, and accompanied him to the draw- ing-room for a cup of tea. He had eaten nothing since morning, and the slight refreshment now offered hisuras not unrequired. HewasTSbsent from his post not quite half an hour ; yet, during that brief space of time, events occurred which changed the whole current of his own and Beryl's life. In the first place, he had hardly descended the stairs, when Beryl awakened. There was no start, no yawn, no slow return to a realisation of the events of waking existence, but a keen, sudden and sharp resumption of life as she had left it on dropping into her enforced slumber. The same de- solate look that had been in her eyes when she closed them was in them when she wakened. She looked up at the ceiling, wound her at the empty room, and slowly gathered up her slight figure and sat upon the edge of the bed. And now one might have detected that the edge' of her suffering seemed somewhat blunted. A stony calm seemed to hold her in thrall, the calm- ness of a horrified despair. She passed her hand above her forehead wearily, as if brushing away something that disturbed her. She arose mechani- cally, and began to dress herself with hands that seemed too stiff to perform the office. "Poor Noble," she whispered, softly. " It will come hard upon him. If they knew, they would send me to prison, I suppose.. And in any case I am not Noble's wife. I know I am not. I am the wife of Dane Conyera, and Dane Conyers is alive. Is Noble bound to me if I am not to him P Will there be a scandal ? That would gall him terribly. Oh ! if I might sink out of his life as a stone sinks into the river, leaving no trace behind. He would mourn for me, but no shadow of disgrace would darken his life. To die now ! To die now ! She aet her white lips together in a straight^ thin line, and hastened with her dressing. The garments she had worn that day she resumed, one by one, except her bridal-dress, Her travelling costume of navy-blue. serge waB spread upon a chair ready to put on-her purse, her handkerchief, her gloves, in the pocket ready for use. She put it on, jacket and all. Her hat, enshrouded in a gray vail, waB on her table. She put that on also. These articles of attire had been made ready before her going forth that morning, for the journey of the evening-the bridal-journey. But what journey was this upon which she was bound ? She felt feverish and cold by turns, and put her hand again and again to her forehead in that dazed, kind of way.' She was all dressed. A strange excite-* ment kegan to Bum in her veins, 4 . ' \ '.it" ii J !. K | "CA '_' ?" She shuddered and looked over her shoulder with peering, frightened eyes. Half delirious, with the terrors of her situation pressing frightfully upon her, weak and worn from toil and a starvation diet, her perceptions were bewildered. She only knew that she wanted to die. She opened her door softly and glided like a ghost down the stairs, flight after,flight. The drawing room door was slightly ajar. She could hear the sound of subdued voices, hushed as if death were in the house. The door of the rear parlor was open, also, and Beryl could Bee the wedding-breakfast set out, with withered flowers. It had not been touched. She listened a moment in hope of hear- ing Desmond's voice, and then she opened the street-door and slipped out, half maddened, into the winter night, and hurried instinctively in the direction of the river. v 