OUR NOVEL. POW FIRST PUBLISHED UNDER THE GREAT SEAL, A NOVEL, BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "CLYTIE," BY ORDER OF THE GRAB," " JOHN NEEDHAM. DOUBLE," CRUEL LONDON," EC. [Copyright, 1892, by Tillotson a Son.] CHAPTER XX. (Continued.) ONE FRIEND AND MANY FOES. For the open part of two years Alan Keith and the St. Dennis led a charmed life. They were the scourge of the adjacent seas, and flew their varied flags as far away as the Azores. Successful in every enterprise, they adjourned for occasional rest and safety to their landlocked fastness of Wilderness Creek. John Preedie had ventured to sail a valuable English prize into Salem, where he was received with great rejoicing. Keith's lieutenant had also succeeded in convert- ing certain securities into current drafts. His letters from Plympton had also proved of great value. Plympton's notes he had turned into gold-at a considerable discount it is true. Furthermore, he had made arrangements for the St. Dennis to go into port there or at Boston when- ever, he chose. A Washington authority had secured him a proper commission for the St. Dennis. But Keith would not budge from Wilderness Creek. He had, however, early in the second season of his adventures as pirate and privateer, consented to the burying of the ship's remaining treasures. A party of Micmacs had been seen off the southern shores of the Creek, and with them, it was thought, an European officer. Furthermore, Keith had had the misfortune to take a British money ship, the very schooner with gold for the troops for which he had been on the look-out before her time last year. The schooner had tried to give the brigantine the slip, but Keith had overhauled her, and, overmatched as the schooner was, she had nevertheless fought desperately, and there had been killed and wounded on both sides. Keith, after taking out her money and permitting the remainder of her crew to take to her boats, had burnt the ship. By the weird light of her flaming timbers the boats had been picked up by a British frigate, on her way to assist in the conveying of an East India fleet. She took the schooner's men aboard and made for Halifax, where she landed them and reported the loss of the schooner. Here she met the St. George about to sail, and on board she carried Lester Bentz, whose second-hand knowledge of Keith's harbour had been under serious consideration at the Admiralty, and who had been compelled to sail with the St. George. Fortunately or unfortunately for Alan Keith, Pat Doolan had succeeded in making his escape from the ship on which he had been held to sail for England. He had got back to Halifax in time to hear about the doings of the pirate Keith, as he was called by the Englishmen there, who were rejoiced that arrangements were being made to take him and his ship. Pat had succeeded in getting on board a fishing smack that was making her way into Labrador waters. They had witnessed the fight between the schooner and the brigantine, and on her way to Wilderness Creek, Keith had thought it wise to bring the smack to in response to signals which Pat had suddenly exhibited without the permission of the master. Pat making himself known was taken off, to the great delight of Keith and the St. Dennis began to drift towards Wilderness Creek, much to the astonishment of the smack, that was studiously giving Demon's Bock the customary wide berth maintained in all weathers by every careful mariner. The master watched the fateful ship plunge into the breakers, and all his hands stood aghast at the sight, unable to account for her seeming to confound rocks and shoals, and broken water for the navigable ocean. Some fiend, no doubt, had taken hold of the helm ; while others beneath the keel had dragged her down for presently she disappeared without a sign. The men of the smack thanked their good fortunes that they were safe and Sandy Scot and his men gave a mighty cheer of welcome when once more they saw the St. Dennis sail into harbour. Pac Doolan's news sent a cold shiver to the heart of Alan Keith. Their haunt once discovered, they would soon be face to face with England afloat and ashore. If Micmacs had been sent, and with them an European officer, they had best prepare for a fight to the death. Bentz on board the St. George, was a sign that their days of ease were over. It was resolved to prepare for attack. Already there were several graves near about the entrance to the cave of Demon's Rock. It was decided to add to these five others, that should be storehouses. They were to contain the more bulky of the company's booty. Conditions and agreements were entered into as to the future in respect of survivors. Keith had taken an extra bond of Fate in secreting such of his store of money as he thought best to have under his own personal control. This buried purse consisted of his own personal savings at Heart's Delight, the moneys entrusted to Preedie by Plympton for their enterprise, his share of the Spanish haul at Azores, and other smaller stores of stones and scrip. Five brandy and wine casks filled with booty to be divided among the survivors, were buried among the other graves. Upon them were piled stones and boulders, in a careful, formal manner, each grave with its cross and rough record of names and ages. But the commander of the St. George had no notion of making acquaintance of Wilderness Creek. He discounted the Bentz romance sufficiently to steer clear of such nonsense as a secret bay; but he was under the impression that there might after all, for a small ship, be steering way through the hitherto regarded as inaccessible rocks to the west of Demon's Rock -perhaps by Belle Isle, any ship navigat- ing such a course, being shielded by the hilly coast, and finding her way many miles out to the eastward. Keith had taken an entirely exaggerat- ed view of the possibilities which grew [The sole right of publication in West Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of the WEST AUSTRALIAN, out of the news brought by Doolan. In order to clear the way for the exit from the harbour, and also to give reality to the graves, the treasure ship was piloted out permitted to go to pieces on the rocks and to this day there are remains of her still, wedged into the jagged foothills of the high tears that appear to march along the shore, headland upon headland one endless range upon range of stony dangers. Pat's story of the destruction of Heart's Content and the carrying away of Plymp- ton, did not serve to cheer the lowering spirits of Alan Keith. And Sally Mum- ford and his child; what had become of them ? Pat had no news whatever of them. They had disappeared from his ken and knowledge from the moment the the soldiers had marched into Back-bay Valley and laid violent hands upon the settlement. He thought Master Plymp- ton had been able to give Sally considerable money, and that he had advised her to make her way to Halifax. But the trouble had so taken hold of his mind that he did not rightly remember anything and having been in the sea after his escape for a whole day and night, what he had really known had got washed out of him, and that was a fact. It had been in his mind to find Miss Mumford and offer marriage, so that he might have had authority to protect her and look after the boy; but whether he would ever have the chance to meet her again, that was a puzzle sure, though it was not a greater or probability than his having met Master Alan Keith, the brave and mighty hero. The brave and mighty here felt that he was doomed to a furious fall from the romantic heights to which he had shared in the imagination of Pat Doolan, and from the fairly safe position which he had considered secure at Wilderness Creek. Not that he feared" death. That might come how and when it liked. But he had a grim idea that he was doomed to all kinds of miseries of captivity and torture, that he had for some untoward reason, been marked down by Fate or Heaven for black and cruel misfortune. After all, was there a divine and jealous God ? Had he offended the Majesty of Heaven in giving up the grand simplicity of the Scotch church for the false faith of Father Lavelle and for the selfish reason of becoming more acceptable to Plympton and his daughter ? Keith brooded and drunk and drunk and brooded, until he was in a fever of rage and vision ¿e, and as if moved to the very fate he dreaded he ordered the St. Dennis to be once more made ready for sea. The sight of Doolan had brought back to him pictures of his happy days, and he seemed to hear whispered prayers in a dearly loved voice in the interests of little David. He commissioned Doolan to find his son, and thought of some provision for him that might he safe and he undertook to put the Irishman ashore at some favourable place or time for the purpose ; but it was otherwise ordained. Leaving the southern outlet of Wilder- ness Creek, the St. Dennis found herself under the surveillance of a frigate which presently made sail towards St. John's, possibly on convoy work, for the fishing ships which were once more sailing into into Newfoundland waters. Keith's prime object was to put Doolan ashore, and Boston was thought to be the best port. The St. Dennis made for Boston ; but before sundown found her course barred by that very three decker from which she had escaped in her earliest adventure under Keith. Bearing down from the north, and now fairly in sight was the frigate they had observed early in the day exchanging with her British signals, which had, however, not deceived her. Keith changed his course and made for the Bahamas and now began a chase in which the brilliant seamanship of the captains was only equalled by the sailing qualities of their ships. They were three graces of the sea, the three decker playing the magnificent part of June. At sundown the frigate flung a shot squarely into the rigging of the lower rigging of the St. Dennis and the three decker stood by to watch the fight; for the six. Dennis was within range. Keith had not been idle. He had manoeuvred his ship so as to get broadside on, and hardly had he roared down the main hatchway, "Fire," than the St. Dennis trembled from keel to topmast with the explosion, that was Keith's response to the challenge of his adversary. When smoke cleared it was seen that the frigate's mainmast had fallen, and that her sails were riddled and torn. " Now, my lads," shouted Keith, " at her again while she's taken up wi' sails -noon lads wear ship-this time sweep her infernal decks. Ah, ah ! that's it by the lord, she'll wish she were back in Halifax !" The brigantine broke out into thunder and lightning, and the frigate was sorely smitten with the bolts. Her sails were in rags ; one of her two remaining masts was shattered. " By the lord, her decks a cemetery," shouted Keith; "stand by, boarders! curse it, the George is no longer lookin' on!" The three-decker had no idea of continuing to play the generous part she had elected to observe at the beginning of the fight. Regarding the two vessels as well matched, the Vice-Admiral was willing to let the frigate have the glory of the contest and capture ; but the frigate was so hard hit that duty had now to give place to sentiment and before Keith had barely got out his last words the side of the three-decker burst into flame, and the brigantine reeled under the blow that struck her fore and aft. As the sun dropped into the sea night came on almost like the dropping of a curtain, but not before the brigantine had sustained the shock of a second broadside from the St. George, directed with terrible and fatal skill. The brigantine was literally crushed under the weight of the murderous hall. If the darkness had been somewhat delayed the St. Dennis might have been saved by the foe and no doubt would have been, not only in a spirit of humanity but for the glory of her capture and the arrest of her daring master. Knowing the danger of the waters into which they had followed the retreating brigantine, the three-decker and the frigate had stood out for the open sea. During the night the brigantine drifted upon the coral reefs of the B Thomas, and every seat except one was lest. He rose up from the wreck and stood forth a grim silent figure with bleeding feet and hands torn upon the tree has, stood forth in the night- blinded with spray, deaf with the cries of the dying, and the rush and roar of the waters. When morning broke the St. George sent off her pinnace to the reefs, but the ship was already breaking up and no living soul could be seen, only a few float- ing bodies which the sea had not yet released from the spikes and spurs of the coral reefs. But on the barren shores of Abaco, before the day was over, that same grim figure with the bleeding feet and hands all torn fighting with living rocks, rose up once more and walked in a world of mocking sunshine. PART II. CHAPTER I. GHOSTS OF HEART'S DELIGHT. For twenty years Alan Keith disappears from view among the surf swept reefs of Bahama's thousand islands. As his gaunt figure fades out in the mists of that mocking sunshine which found him alone, the living remnant of the St. Dennis, there arises in the natural course of this romance, the lithe young figure of David his son. It looms up clean cut against the grey horizon of an English champaign country bordering on the sea. They might be limited as human types of hope and despair, this father and this son. Away beyond the Spanish main Alan Keith, sailed with manacles of body and soul, tried to give to that of Hannah his wife a companion vision of David their worse than orphaned son. That he could never do so encouraged him to believe the boy was living. It almost made him think that the deserted offspring was happy. Otherwise he surely would have been able to summons him to the darkness of his cell. Such is the love of man that Alan, all sin-stained and half crazy with fasting and confinement, was able to win the sweet companionship of Hannah from the Elysian fields. For years, in his imagina- tion, hardly a day had past when she had not glided through the massive walls of his prison to sit by his side and talk to him of their happy days. They had often spoken of little David, speculating upon what might be his fortunes. Strange, too, that the pathetic ghost of Hannah Plympton had no spiritual tidings of their son. This again argued for his life and happiness. Dead he would assuredly have joined her with the saints. Unhappy, she would have had a mission to him of comfort and consolation. The gaolers heard their familiar prisoner in his neglected den talking as was his wont with unseen visitors. The mad Englishman was indeed very mad since he no longer complained of his lot, no longer craved for food, but took the stuff they gave him with a grateful smile. One day they would relieve him of his chains and unbar his door. But would it be death or human freedom that would make the award of liberty ? And what could so broken-witted a creature do for himself in the-strange world upon which liberty would thrust him It would surely be best for him that he should die. Yet Alan in his blackest despair saw glimpses of a star shining afar off through the darkness. Happily for David's peace of mind his father was dead to him, though the heroic story of his life, as he had heard it from Sally Mumford, and read of it in documents signed by David Plympton, lived continually in his fancy. To have known the truth about the prisoner of Paris would have been a heavy burden for the generous hearted and romantic lad to carry. He loved the memory of his father could see him in his fancy, sitting in the porch of the great house with his mother, could see him in command of his avenging ship, fighting for the freedom of his fellows, and paying the glorious penalty of his courage and devotion. Whether he had any suspicion of the truth or not, David's father was to the son a hero whose memory was worthy of reverence and veneration. Miss Mumford liked nothing better than to tell David stories of Alan Keith's famous deeds, his kindness to her and his devotion to his wife. Miss Mumford was an old maid for David's sake. She looked the character of a cheery spinster to the life. Her trim little home in a corner of one of the Yar- mouth rows, with bright brass knocker and white lace curtains was not less meat than herself. It was a picturesque house its windows full of flowers, the court or row, in which it was the principal dwelling, white with limewash, its pavement red with freshly washed bricks. Hartley's Row at this point branched off into a small court, with three or four quaint houses, that might have suggested to the traveller a stray bit of Venice, an unlooked for incident in some straggling bit of street abutting on a back canal. Indeed to this day there are by-ways in Yarmouth that might be by-ways of the city in the sea, when the sunshine and soft shadows fall from window pediments and overhanging gables in well kept rows that run off quiet and still from busy thoroughfares. [To be continued on Saturday.] 