A GHOST YAEN. I have often been asked if I ever saw a phoet, and have always been obliged to aaewer that 1 never did, although I have been given every facility for iuterviews with uncanny folk. I never saw anylhiug that I coald notacoouutfor in a natural way, bat wbea it come to hearing a ghost, I can truly say that I have had a peculiar and not altogether agreeable ex- perience. Some incredulous person may ask, here, how I know the sound I heard was made by a ghost I can only 6ay that the same psychic force that conveyed the warning souud to my bodily senses compelled me to accept it from the supernatural world. I am sure in my own mind that a third recurrence of that unholy noise would have seriously injured me in some way I have passed through perils by fire and flood, but uever felt myself in such terrible danger as I did when that Thing of sound enveloped me with its grimace of deith. It came to me when I was happy and con tented in mind, and with no thought of the supernatural hangiog over me, and at on hour the close of a balmy summer day, I wae visiting a cousin between whom and myself existed a strong bond of liking, a natural regard that made us more than rela tions—dear friends — and it was while I was at her house that something unusual and unac countable Occurred to me. I was writing a letter, sitting at a desk which had belonged to my aunt, now deceased. She, good woman, had scribbled a little for fame, and this desk of hers was looked upon as a sacred relic in the family. 44 You can write your Letter on mother's desk," eaid my cousin Fauhoe; ' but," she added, 44 that is a privilege we would uot give toeveryooe. Perhaps you will feel some in spiration there ; I always do." Now, I had never liked my aunt, good woman though she was, principally, I think, because ehe aid not tike me, but my memory of her was neither pleauiug nor inspiring. I had looked upon her as narrow aud self- righteous. However, I was quite wilting to sit at the rosewood desk with its pretty entourage of writing materials, its bronze oruaroeuts. and crystal paper-weight, from wh'ch the composed features of Auut M aria looked forth with photo graphed distinctness. x uctu IUJ iouci uan uuiauiu, BUU piUSCU TO look out on the western sunset through the bay window in front of me, when, bang ! went some thing like an explosion iu the dusk— a remark able sound. I jumped to my feet in alarm, aud looked at my cousin, who sac near me rendiug composedly. 44 Did you bear that?" I asked in trembling tone. 44 1 did not bear anything," she answered quietly; "you arenervou9, Mvro." 44 But surely vou heard that! uud noise in the de-k'r" 44 There is nothing to make a noise there," sbe said, and going to the desk she threw open the cover aud showed me the inside. No, there was nothing there. 1 recovered myself and presently resumed my writing, thinking I had moved toe desk iu some way to cause the strange sound I heard. 1 began relating tbeiucideniin my letter and was s dely interested in telling it, when again there carat a loud 44 bung " from the iiioide of tho desk, exactly under the cover. It was so loud and resounding that I was sure Pauline must have heard it This time 1 did not jump up, but moved my chair bad; quite (-uddiiiy. What is it now !"' asked my couingcol- humouredly. 41 D.d you no: hear it tl.en " 4 ' Hear whit, mo v I ask r" 44 A loud nois? Hko a report ia the desk. You rauft hav hrf.rti ir. ' 44 1 wish you would not he sensxtionil, Myra," answered my cousin, 44 Teat desk it very sccre! to rue. My utr.thtr died sitting tiicrct an! when we to und ber the lay with her head on the desk as if asleep. She sat in that Viry chair." Th«n I knew as will as if I bad seen her with ray bodily eyes that by some mysterious, figtney my auut bad come buck from the dread uuknowu to signify her d>pleasure at my sitting in her p1ac«. And I took good care that 6he was never troubled again, Not for worlds would I have sat at tho desk during the brief t:me of my shortened stay. I have been asked many time what the noise resembled. I am only an»w.'-r tliot it was like nothing I bod ever hoard before, but if I could imagine the sound of a blow struck by a dead hand, 1 would compare it to that. It made every nerve conscious of its presence when it gave that ghostly warning. 