DAYGEKOUS JOKI.VG. Mirtjii was tlie el.lest sin mil hope nf Mr Loni, liie Squire of Mortun. His ainiiljlo ilispoiiiion mi'l snjiL-ripr in'ol cct jiiccureJ for him universal luve and t-sn eui. Martin was a great favoiiLe wilh tho girls, old and young ; butlie never showed anj marked partiality to anyone r.niil Inr became intimate «ua Isabella Aektuli, ihtV daughter of ihe clergyman. Irabellti was young and ihe rimst. thonght- less girl in tbe village. (She c.uiht have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Marl in and, beautiful ns ehe ira, it seemed strange that he should have given Ins love to iter, Martin and Isabella bad been jxiiauai out aa Iover3 by vi.luge gusnipa lor several months ; lie was now nineteen, and s be was of tbe same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of yonng peop'e at the house. Man in, of course, was present, with the fairest youths and maidens ; ami ihe company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, ecnga and social games. The hour at which such partiea usually broke up had already passed, when same one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported as having been seen in the vicinity of the rrhurchyard. " It is a silly report," said Marlin. No body can believe that a ghost has really been seen there; and I doubt if any person here believe in the existence of ghosts. "You do Tonrseif, you know you do Martin, although yuu are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only laughed " Come now," continued the thoughtlesB girl, " I can prove that yoa have some idea that such things may exist. G<» to tne churchyard alone in the dark, and then declare, if you can, that you felt at) fear " " And what would that prove!" " Why, you will be frightened, though you. should see nothing. Your fears woul i put yonr belief to the teBt. How could ton be afraid if you did not feel that there was something to be afraid of." " I do not think your logic is the best in the world," replied Martin, laughing. " But Ideny, in the first place, that a journey to the chnrchyard, even at midnight, would frighten me in the leasr." "Ha, ha! but you shall not c6cape so,' laughed Isabella. " Here, before these, our friends, I promise that this ring shall be yours," she continued, displaying one given her by an old lover, which Martin hud desired her to part with, " provided you go .to the churchyard alone, in tne dark, and declare on your honor when you return that you were not afraid." " Agreed," said Martin, buttoning hia- coat. "And aa an evidence that yon go the entire distance, you can bring back with yon the iron bar which you will find close by the gate," said Isabella. ThuB driven by taunts to the commission of a folly, Martin took leave of the company, full of courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. He marched steadily to the church yards, stopped a moment to gaze at the while tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark and desolate ground, lor the stars slione brilli antly in the clear, cold sky — then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. He had proceeded about half way, when, in the gloomiest part of the toad, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage gives place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and his blood sLauuing chill with horror, still he stood his ground. The spectre drew rieaier, seeming to grow whiter and larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frenzy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and rushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergymen's house heard terrible screams. Dreading some tragic termination to the farce they rushed to the 6Dot. They found Martin kneeling on a prostrate figure, hia fingers clutching convulsively at its throat, while he slid uttered frantic shrieks for help. One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold ou the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away the folds of the sheet and disclosed the blood-atained features of Isabella, dis torted in death. llarrin uttered ail unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. He never Fpoke again, aud lived but a few months, to die an idiot. 