Accidental or Providential. Tbavelling receDtly from Chicago to New Yorfc. I foDDd Id tbe morning, upoo crawling out of my hertb, tbat tbe train was etaodiog stock etf II. Tbe porter told me tbat it bad been etaadiDg tbue for so boor sod a balf while I bad been sleeping - ttif flvHfi nt tbe fast. I dressed and out, aDd saw tbat we V-re aioDg side tbe pisiform of a couDtry station. I torjft a good breakfast io tbe diDing-car, and tben went out to bave a stroll up and dciwo tbe platform. Io thr cab sat tbe engineer alone, wait in k. I stopped and gossiped with hkn a moment about tbe englae. Tben I ottered bim B cigar, wblcb be took wltb tbanks, and asked me to come in. [ swung my self Into b(B cab. Tbe engineer— s bright, pleaeant-faced man about forty years old— explained to me tbe uees of the numerous valves and levers about him. Tbey were all as bright sod shining as polish could make tbem, for an engineer Is as proud of his engine as any bousewiff is of tbe neatnesE of ber dwelling. I glanced at tbe two ablDing gaugeB witb tbe slock between tbem, and tben I noticed wbat seemed - to be an ordinary wbite motb, mounted In a gilt frame, banging against tbe wall ol the cab. ' It tbat for ornament ?' I asked, point ing at tbe motb. Tbe engineei smiled. ' Well, partly for ornament,' be said, ' but a good deal more for sentiment. I put that motb tbere because It Baved my life and tbe liver of 250 people as well.' 'How in ibe world could an insect save human lives?' I asked. ' Well, I'll tell you, If you want to bear tbe story. I reckon there's time euougb before we're able to get out of tbls,' I settled myself in the absent Ureman'e Best and prepared to llBten. 'It wasn't euob a long time ago,' Hild tbe engineer; 'only a year ago last spring. I was running tbls very train, and bad this very engine— old 449. My fireman was Jim Meade— eame fellow I've got now. You OMi eee blm over tbere, leaning up against tbe telegraph office. 'Jim's a good boy, but be Is very su perstitious ; believes Iu gbosts, dreams, and warning*. I used to laugb nt bis fanclee, but I don't make eo much fun of blm as I did— not since we eaw tbe Wo man In Black. ' We were scheduled to leave M ? about one o'clock In tbe morning, and to arrive In 8—— at about elx. On tbe nlgbt wben this thing took plsoe a fearful Btorra of wind baa been ragtag since early \ evening, and was at the height of It* fury wben I started for the roundhouse. ' I: was about midnight and lh» wind seemed tn vweep clear round onil through tbs building. It was terribly dismal. Jim was there, aod the engine was all ready, an, after getting tuy working clothes on. I ran the erglue down to the station. Our train, tbe Vestibule Limited was an hour late, t gave the engine a thorough oiling, and made eure tbat all was In order. ' As we eat In the cab we could hear the sinrm raging outside, while tne rain, driven by Ibeguslsnf wind, beat fiercely agHitist tbe windows. '? It's going to be a bad run, Prank,' Jim said. 'I wish we were In 8 ? safe and »nund ' ' I laugbed, ' What makes you so terribly glum, Jim?' I asked. ???Oh,' said be, ?! Just feel creepy somehow, tjeems like tbere'a something terrible going to bappeu. I can feel It In my hones.' ?? I laugbed again. 'You got a little wet coming over, I guess, Jim,' eald I. 'And|the eound of tbe wlDd Isn't very encouraging, that's a fuel.' ' To tell the truth I was a little nervous myself, notwithstanding my easy way of treating Jim's uotlous. '? Presently our trmu came in, long and heavy, consisting mainly of sleeper?. It u-e - tn makeojeuetvoustokaow that the lives of hUDdredi of my fellow-men were in my keeping, bat now I think uothiug of It. Tbat nlgbt I was nervous. Wbat if tbe frightful storm bad made a switch man careless, or if a rail had been loosened bv tbe settling of the track some where? On these fust trains a man must rely on tbe vigilauce of tbe em ployees; for in order to make schedule time be must run at eucn a speed tbat be cannot eee a eiyual before be is upon It. But I laugbed at myself for the fears as I backed down aud coupled ou to tbe traio. I set tbe brakes aud found every thing in good order. ' By-aud-by the little gong above my head clanged sharply, aud with a puB and biss of escaping Bteaui wv were oil into tbe nlgbt and etnriu, rattliug over switches, past signal lights, aud between Ion i! hues of cars, till, witb a roar and rumble, we rushed over the loug iron nndge and away through the hil lt-, wak ing tbeir slumbering echoes with our shrill whistle. 'TUeo I pulled tbe throttle wide open, and Ibe clank and roar soon Betned luto a bum, for old 449 was doing her best, and we were makiug fifty miles au hour. ' Tbe darkness was inteuse save where tbe beadligdt, an electric device, cast lis foniiri of light into tbe gloom. Jim bad a big fire and kept steam up to a high pressure, so tbat we fairly Hew p»«t sleep ing b.mlete and still farmhouses. ?' At our first watering station I made sure that all was woikmg smoothly, while Jim inspected tbe headlight. The operator banded out tbe orders, wbich ebowed tbat the road was clear as far as our next stopping-place. Oo we went. '* Tine darkness grew more inten.e, if possible, while tbe wind shrieked by. Tbe rain became more blinding, till no thing could be distinguished iu tbe grey murk which enveloped us. ' ejudden'y through the mietanil rain I saw looming ngbt before us the gigautic figure of a woman wrapped in a long black mantle, wtiirh seemed to flutter in the wlud. She waved great spectral arms about in swift, twUtiug movements. As I stood, looking in horror, tbe figure vanished wltb a final wave of her arme. ' I was too much astonished and stupefied even to make a move of my band towards tbe throttle. At tbat moment Jim bBd been bendiug over tbe fire. As be looked up be exclaimed ' ' Halloa, Frank, what's op I You look as if yon bad seen a ghost !' ' I did not «newer. My mind waa too full of tbat ^traoge figure I bad eeeo. *? We were now oearing Back Creek, wbere there is a t res' Ie over a ..eep stream. I felt more nervou* ihau ev»r We dashed around tbe curve and whizzed 'y Rock Ureek st-tmn, wbicb is only a mile from tbe trestle. As I Rlanoed ai ibe steam gauge f -r an instant, a cry from Jioi caused me tn turn quickly towards biuo. He sat rigid, his evra large and staring. hi-- jaw dropped, the very picture of terror. He pointwi with a shak ing tioger out iuto tbedarkoess. I turned and looked aud tben I began to ebake myself. There ou tbe track was tbe same hideous figure of a woman, outlined on the background of light from tbe engine, imc motionless, now whirling in a witch dance, but all tbe lime motioning ue back, ''Frank,' gasped Jim, but scarcely above a whisper, 'don't go over tbat trestle! D.io't go for Heaven's sake ! Don't go till you're sure It's safe !' ' I suppose I wbb pretty badly scared. Any rate I pui on tbe air brake for all I was wortb. I couldn't bave resisted the impulse to stop tbe train. ' As we came tn a stop I could hear the roBr of water in Rock Creek right ahead. I stepped out of the cab and met tbe con ductor coming op. ' 'What's the matter? What's tbe matter ?' be asked, impatiently. ' I felt decidedly foolish. Tbere was no gigantic woman to be seen now. Nothing could be made out more than a few feet away in ibe blindlDg storm. ''Well,' said I, 'we've seen some thing. I don't know wbat It is— seemed like it was a great black ghost tbat waa waving its arms and warniogus not to go forward.' 'Tbe conductor looked at me curiously. 'Are you crazy, Frank?' be eald. 'I should tbink you were. But we're eo near the trestle we'll take a look at it.' ' We took our lanterns and went ahead, leaving Jim with tbe engine ; be looked scared all over. But I tell you, we hadn't gone five rods before we stopped In horror. 'Thereat our feet lay a black chasm, filled with tbe roar nf tbe river, as, swollen with tbs spring rains, It dasbed down toward* the lake. Tbe bridge was washed away ! 'Only a few splinters of wood and twisted iron clung to tbe abutment, wblle now, far out over tbe blackness, that aw ful black figure of - woman danced again on tbe tbin air, relieved against tbe abaft of llgbt tbat tbe beidllgbt threw. ' It was flinging its arms about as if In wild glee. Tbe oonductor stared at tbe obaBm and tben at me. ??? Was tbat tbe tbing you saw wben you stopped the train ?' be asked. ''Yes,' ' ' Well, It's something more than luok tbat saved us to pigbt, Frank.' 'We went back slowly to tbe train, feeling very queer and thankful, too, I can assure you. Be vera I nf tbe passengers bad come running forward by tbla time. Among tbem was a young fellow from Cbloago, about eighteen years old, wbo was smarter tban the wbole of us, as It turned out. 'Wben this bo; saw tbe Woraan In Black be turned and looked at tbe looo* motive headlight. Then he ran up to wards It. I looked at It aa be did bo, and I eaw a peculiar spot on the glasn. ' 1 Tbere'a your Woman In Blaok 1' slid the Cblcago boy. 'And there It wan, sure enough— tbat earns motb miller tbat you see tbere io tbat frame. He wan clinging to tbe Id- aldeof tbe glaas. As I tapped on tbe rflapa tbe nreature How baok and lighted on the refleotor, 'That's tbe wbole story, Blr. Tbe motli, by flutterlbg on tbe glass jut In Iroot «t (be «)ectrlc lllomlottor, b*fl pro riuoftd ft RfAat bliok shadow. Ilka (hit of ft oloRktd wqioid.oq thedftrkoMnln front nf u», tad wiisd he flfrM bit in bin vain attempt to mil nut tbroogb tbe be gftve bis noyeterloup shadow tbe nok of waving Hie ?rtat wildly, ' Then wben he flew back out of Ibe direct Kb in* of tbe light, tbe figure die* Appeared, ofooure*. *' We never knew Juet how b* got Id tbere, but no doubt l( heppened wben Jim went to Ok tbe llgbt et tbe pumping etetlon. 41 Anyhow, he eeverf our Uvea by tour ing up wltb that Woman In Blaok. *' 8o you eee why t keep tbe motb In the frame. It la to remind me of tbe way we were eeved tbat uigbt. Yes, you mlgbt call It eooideoUl, but I call It pro* vldentUI.' ' All aboard !'' called tbe cooduotor of th* limited, ooming out of tbe telegraph nttioe wltb a paper In bla band, Jim tbe fireman ran and Jumped Into theoabaa I 8it»pp»-t down to go baok to my oar. 