CHAPTER XVIII THE SOLUTION. Mr. Bnrdlck did not reach Naples, as lit had ex pected to do, mi the morning after he hud an nounced to his wife his suddenly-iornioil intention of making a socond visit to that city. On leaving the two indies ho hnd found a largo foreign mail for him, just sent to him for his bankers, and some of it required immediate attention. It was late on the oroniuir of the second day following that ho reached tho Grand Hotel—too late to do anything but go to bed. In the morning, after breakfasting, ho started out to sco the American consul. His courso lay through tha beautiful gardens of tho Villa Nazionale.the pleasure grounds of Naples, lying along the curving bay. He could hardly explain to himself why ho should bo here. His coming seemed to him now almost an un accountable impulse. There was nothing to justify it but a girl’s fancy. But then that fancy had been so strong, and hold with sncli tenacity, that he really wavered in his own conviction as to her illusion. He felt as though ho must satisfy himself again, and thero was but ono way. That was through the Swedish consul at Naples, towhorn the affair had been entrusted. But now that he was away from the glamonr of Clara Mowbray’s por sistenco in her own faith, he was saying to himsolf that his visit conld have but one result—a certifi cate of some kind from the consul ns to tho un doubted fact of Mr. Dormsen's doath, That might help to produce conviotion in her mind. lie was walkiug briskly along after his habit, whether bent on pleasure or business, and had reached that loveliest spot of the embowered gardens where stands the littlo temple to Virgil, llis eyes were bent on the ground. The Virgilian temple would have had no attractions for him in his least preoccupied moods. Now it was as nothing to him. The gardens are usually deserted in the forenoons, bat he heard a footstep before him, and lifted his head. Christopher Dormsen or Christopher Dormsen’s ghost was not ten paces away and walkiug rapidly towards him, an ex pression of surprised but earnest greeting on liis face. Mr. Burdick stopped, paralysed,and received Dormson with no expression but ono of unbounded amazement. Ho held out his hand meohanically to the young man’s grasp, and was conscious of a sensation of relief, when ho felt a strong pres sure from a real hand of bone and muscle. Dorm sen spoke first. “ It is so great a pleasure to see you! " “How—lioiv did you—oome back f" murmured Mr. Burdick. It was stupifyiug. ’• I came back the day beforo yesterday. I came at once as soon as I knew," his voice falling as he said the lust sentence. “ Yea—I dare say. I would—if I hnd boon in your place—and could. But how did you do it “ They teleitraphed me from Norway, from Christiana. They did not know whero I was at first and they made the same mistake in my name." “ Oh 1 They—didn’t kD0.v where you where I I think I could have told them." “ Oh, no, .Mr. Butdick, I was at fault. I did net writh to you, as I promised. Bat it was a hard struggle for mo to try and forget her, and I waited. So you could not know where I was." “ Veil—perhaps not, but I could have made a good guess. 1 shouldn’t have thought of sending you a telegram though. I—I did't know there was & line.’’ “ And 1 have heard of all your kindness, Mr.Bnr dick, and of all the pains Mr. Thorndon took, and I thsuk you both—I thank you both 1" " Oh, you heard of all that, did you ? Did you hear it where you were, or since—since you came “ Since I came back, of course, I heard it here," “ From whom, please." “ From my consul." “ Let's go and see him." He had kept bold of Dormsen'a hand during their dialogue and kept squeezing it, as though to assure himself continuously that it was genuine. Now he dropped it and took the other's arm and turned him round. He kept hold of the arm as they walked along, bat the dazed look did not leave his face. I regretted," said Dormsen. " that I could not stop in Romo on my way through to see you aud thank you, but I intendod to go there from "Oh, you cams back through Rome, did you! —and did you—oil you go through Rome, too !" " Certainly I You must, if you go ail the way Mr. Burdick glanced at him sideways as they walked on. and presently he said, with n profound sigli, “ Well, 1 am learning something any way." “ But why did you oome to Naples so soon, Mr, Burdick I " " Wliy, I oame—to seo you. Dormsen looked surprised. " How did you know I was n»r* v“ Well, I left you here, and IT* fivnry reason to suppose you would stay—for a wCile." "You left me here, Mr. Bnrdiok! That is strange I did not meet you here." “ N-u-no, not exactly. I supposo it would be more correct to say that I met you, but not, perhaps, that you met me.” •'You speak in riddles, Mr. Burdick." "Well! I'll be hanged if I am anymore of a riddle than you are, Dormen I Look here I ’’ He stopped short as he spoke and faced the young man, gazing into his eyes, and, while not letting go of Ids arm, gently felt along it until he reached the hand, which he prasped convulsively. “ Look here, Dormsen I I can't wait till wo get to tho consul's, I left you in your coffin hero in Naples last Monday. Just tell mo, won’t yon, right off aud plainly, how you got out ? ” Dorrasou returned the gazs in silence a moment, and the look of astonishment gradually faded awaT. leaving only the signs of his torrow. " Ah no. Mr. Burdick I I think I begin tounderstand. You thought 1 v. as dead, killed by that wretch. But no. It was my brother." Your brother I " " Yes, uiy Lrothcr Tyudal. lie died for me. Marcunti, too, thought he was I. and he killcsl him, the best brother I —the dearest brother I Ah God !’’ Mr. Burdick dropped the baud he had been press ing, but lie kept his eyes still on the other's face. " Why didn't you tell us you had a brother!" he a-ked finally. " I'M I not 1 1 surely did. We had been in Rome to ■ •: 1>< fore you all carne. but lie left mo. lie h e! . on all he wished to see in Rome uu 1 oauie ' . i lie went to Sicily aud then uame back }■■ ! ■. e loved the beauty here "—and then in a . e—“and his great love for it brought him tenth.'' " : elike you! Did he rcscmhla you!'" “ V t was wonderful, everyone said." •• i ■ nild say it was wonderful I” was Mr. Bur dicn'.- comment. “I never suw anything equal •' Aud you thought it was I, tho whole time I Ah I but my brother was worthy of your care, worthier Ilian I. 1 can never forget that yon did not let him die in that place.—that his eyes saw the rimlight once mure, lie loved tho sunlight. He lore.l all brightness uud b-auty. Ob, it should have been I. It was meant fur me." Think God, ic whs not I was Mr. Burdick's ejaculation in his own brea-t. but 1m answered, “ We should have done the same, Thorndon and 1, even if we had known. I am glad we could do anything for the i>oor fellow, but I am very glad it was not you. 1 can hardly believe it yet, though. It’s the most extraordinary thing I ever heard of. By the way, let me look at your left bund, will you Dormsen !" Dormsen hel i it out. Every joint was intact. “ It may seem strange to you," said Mr. Burdick, •‘but this is the tir-t moment I could say 1 um convinced thatvuU are not a dead man." “ You mean, do you not, that my brother had lost a finger I Yes, it was crushed in climbing many year* ago. when we were boys." "Lotus go back to the gardens," said Mr. Bur dick, " I don’t wiint to seo the consul now and as they turned an i walked on he added, "Give il« a woman ben- aft ;r for keen eight and fidelity. Clma Mowbray would not believe you were dead. Shi declared she had seen yon in Rome. Did you stop in Rome!" "Only for a short time to sec the minister from Sweden. And—and Miss Mowbray. She is well!" " Yes, poor girl—getting well. But she has had n hard pnll of it." •’ Mi's Mowbray, Mr. Burdick 1 Has she boen e:ck ! ” "Sick ! She nearly died. Roman fever—brought on by anxiety about you." " Oil, no, Mr. Burdick. You do her wrong.” “ Not a hit of it. I know just what I am talking about. What a triumph this will be for her. But Mis. Burdick I She'll never forgive me. 1 bare uindo lier put her foot iu it badly." He chuckled » little to hiuuclf at the thought of the aurpriy had fur her, nod tb« Mornful iiflecUon* on hii astuteness with whioh she would tatto out u revenge upon him. “Howovor," ho wanton, "yi_ j don't understand all this at present, hut you wi > sonic day. It is a long story. Yes, Clara Morvhra liad bceu a (food dcnl troubled by her enforced o gagoment to Thorndon. You didn't understa that citiier Dormsen, but aho was virtually wade do it by her father, hard-hearted old mise Hut I'vo got a good big pill for him swallow yet. Sho didn't caro for Thornd in that way, though Thorndon was a go fellow, Dormsen, at heart. He camo out stro ai—at Capri. But she didn’t oare for him. Th never could have hit it off together—not made be mated, vou know, and its broken off altogether “ Broken off, Mr. Burdiok I You mean they not to be married! " "Oh, bices you, not Ho has gone away won’t comeback—now, I'm sure.” " And Miss Mowbray. About her sickness ! " "Oh, yes. Well, as I was saying that engage ment nearly broke her henrt. But when she heard that Marconti—by the way, have tiiey heard any thing of that double-dyed villain yet 1 " " Yes, ho has suffered for his crime. Ho is dead." "Marcontil Aro you sore “ Very sure. ,1 saw. him. It Is another dreadful story. It was yesterday—" “ Yesterday I And you say ho hag already suffered for his crime. In ono dny I Oh, giro him time, Dormsen, give him time. Ho is only feeling the. thinnest edgo of an infinitely long wodgo of suffering. Give him time 1" *■ It was last evening," continued Dormsen. “ Ho had gone back to Capri to see his victim iu death, perhaps to gloat ovor his sufferings. We do not know. Wo can never know now. Ho was disguised in a priest’s dress. I, too,went to Capri to spend n few hours—to be near to the spot where my brotherdied—to thimk all those who were so kind. In tho evening, for it was moonlight, I walked onco more up to the height over the place where he was left to die, and I went as far as I could on the way ho went when Marconti took him to his death, and when I camo to tho little gate— | you know it ?—Yes ?—a man, a priest I thought ! him then, was standing near it. He turned when I i camo near. He saw my faoo in tho moonlight. I j can iraagino what he thought. He staggered , ngninst tho gate. Tho lock was broken, and ho ! fell through, and down—down I It was frightful I" j “Peter BnrdieV,”said that gentleman, apostro phising himself—" Poter Burdick, if you had 1 vor I done anything in your lifo but break tho lock uu , that gate, you ought to bo satisfied I" j •• Then it was your hand Mr. Burdick, that i nvenged my brother's death ?” j “ No,” was the answer, with nnnsnal solemnity, j fur him. “ It was the hand of God. Nothing c!«e ; could havo led him back to that spot. Ho died by j the very law of naturo he had outraged. It was better than to have to use tho ropo of his ladder ; ! more of whntthey call ‘poetic justice ' in it." Ho added after • panso—"And that’s tho end oi , Marconti.” i Nothing was said for a few moments as they wnlkcd on among the feathery paltns^ and almost tropical luxuriance of the gardens. Each had h-s i own absorbing thought*, but they tendoi to the j same end, and, when Burdick spoke, ho answered : he on Mion on the other’s lips. ! “But Miss Clara.—I wss forgetting. She read \ that scoundrel better than most of us—better tlmu | I did perhaps. She felt instinctively there was I danger for you where he was. IIo learned from i her that you had come here, aud had the impudence : to tell her that be was coming to find yon, and make peace with you. Her anxiety, coming on ull j the rwas too much for her. Sho gave way at ; once, ami tho next morning sho was down, and far ; down, too, I cau tell yon. But sho pulled through, j and is all right again. Two days ago sho went out j for her first drivo, and vowed sho saw you pass | through tho Piazza di Spagtin, Did you!" ; " Yes, but I did not seo her." I No, but it was qnite enough for her that sho j saw you. A girl who loves a man as she loves you ; Dormsen, onght to mako him happy." ' “Ah! If I dared to beliovo it 1” "Just take it on faith. Take my word for it just now, since you havo nothing better. It’s 1 good-natured iu you not to say that it’s none of my business. About everyono else has. But I ] don’t care. I don’t care. I got into the muddle and I’m going to see. it through. Thou I’ll go back to America. Europe don’t suit mo, Its too old-fashioned." “ i like vour fashion, Mr. Burdick." “Oh, do you ? Well, I’ll return tho comraplirnent. If they were all like you. I’d think better of it. : Understand 1 I don't say tho United. Slates are an I nnolluv.il Parndiseby any means. There are juntas j tnauv snakes iu that garden as there are here, oiriy ; they're not so cold- blooded ; they make it livelier ; for\on. Now there's Mowbray. He'd[hare made ju.-1 a-, much by not deceiving me. I wish I hadn t i got his daughter to look after, and I d lead him a j fine dance. I’ve kept him in hot water for some j lime, but I’ve got to let up on him &ouu.; He’s got i to heir baui, though, aud I’ll dictato my terms. > That'll be tome satisfaction.” “ i do not quite understand all this,Mr.Burdick." " No, I know you don’t. I beg your pardon, bat : I was talking to myself. Now, when are you going , to Home.’’’ ■ ‘ I JU expect to go to-morrow to see you nnd Mr. Thorndon. From thcro I go at once to Norway, j I linve much to do." . J “Exactly I Couldn’t you do it all just as well , if you should see Miss Clara in Home instead of j Thorndon! He’s gone, you know.” “ I will see Misa Mowbray.” “ Of course you will. I know you would. And, I’ll wait and go bade with you. I waut to see Mrs. Burdick, when I bring you in. I know what Clara will do, but I can’t calculate ou Mrs, /urdick." j 