PROMOTION AND DEGRADATION OF A SPIRIT. Three recent issues of the Pekin Gazette con-<*> tain the records of a very carious transaction in which the Emperor took part. It has refe-<*> rence to Ma Ju-Lung, formerly Commander- in-Chief in Yunnan, who recently died at his B&tive; place in that province. A memorial was presented to the Emperor from certain prominent parsons in the province setting oat the great deeds which he performed, and pray ing for suitable posthumous honors to be bestowed upon him. He played a very promi nent and equivocal part in the great Mahome dan or Panthay rebellion in Yunnan about 20 years ago. He was at the outset one of the most dreaded of the rebel leaders, and then treacherously wentovertothelmperialists. The memorialists said he did much to oonniliat? the Chinese and Mahomedan population, and as to his services in the rebellion, "first and last, he was instrumental in killing over 10,000 of the enemy, and in his town person practi cally decided the fate of Yunnan." The Em peror, in reply to this memorial, issued a decree ordering the highest honors accorded to one of his rank to be given to him, including the erection of a temple in the capital of Tun nan, while the Imperial historiographer is to compile the record of his exploits. Bat no sooner bad this decree appeared (ban a number of Vunnanese serving in Pekin preferred another memorial denouncing the now sainted general in round terms. He is described as having been in his youth a loafing, good-for-nothing fellow, whom nobody in his village could abide. When die rebellion broke oat he was first an Imperialist, and sold himself to the rebels. In the service of the latter he proved himanlf a monster of cruelty, and one case is mentioned in detail in which he caused the massacre of 40,000 persons in a captured city. He overran Yunnan, and even besieged the provincial capital, when the half, pressed Viceroy made terms with him and took him into lie Imperial seryioeasa general. He was arrogant beyond belief at this tame; "he rode in a yellow *4"Mr, and in all dungs did as be pleased." Even after this the me moraliste accuse him of treachery and of ex posing the capital to a rebel attack to revenge lor being compelled to ride in a green chair. He was like a rat with two holes; he was always ready to run over to the winning side, and when he was wounded be retired from the field and left others to carry on the war. His subsequent services do not in the least atone for his atrocious crimes. Besides, those who recommended him for posthumous honors are nothing but a lot of small traders. If the honors bestowed on him are not withdrawn the memorialists fear that the tens of thonwinfl? of innooent souls whom he sent to Hades would be unable to close their eyes for indignation. They therefore ask for a revocation of the decree giving honor to tie spirit of the deceased Ma. After a little delay the Emperor iwwnfl^l another decree, The Emperor says the bestowal of such a high distinction as the erection of a *n?mf"iM temple should only be granted where the popular feluur is nnwiiPTft! ia in its favor, and as praise and blame seem to be equally appor tioned m the present mstanoe it is oxdored that die previous decree so far as it relates to the temple shall be 4frniHf4lftdi Ma'e ghost therefore loses the only one of the honors which it may be presumed to have valued, in asmuch as the record of Bta's doings in the flesh, which is still to be oompued, can scarcely be of much concern to his ghost; to which, however, the votive offerings and the like at the temple would doubtless have been cceptabla 