THE BURGLAR'S GHOST. „ {CHAMBER'S MISOELLANT.) aD im B « inati ve man, and no one who knows me can 8ay lhat I have ever indulged in sentimental ideas upon ™ b f ct ' } am "ther predisposed, in fact, to look at everything from a purely practical standpoint, and this quality has been forther developed in me by thl fact that for twenty years I have been an active member of the detective police force at Westford, a large town in one of our most important manufacturing districts. A nolicemau, moBt people will readily believe, has to deal with eo much practical qualities, ana lie 10 more apt to believe in tangible things than ideas of a somewhat superstitious nature. However, I was under the firm conviction that I had been largely helped up the ladder of life by the ghost of a once well-known burglar. I have told theetory to many, and have heard it commented upon in various fashions. Whether the comments were satirical or practical, it made no difference to me; I had a firm faith at that time in the truth of my tale. Eighteen years ago I was a plainclothes officer at Westford. I was then 23 years of age, and very anxious about two matters. First and foremost, I desired promotion ; sacotad, I wished to be married. Of course I was more eager about the second than the* first, because my sweetheart, Alice Moote, was one of the prettiest and Cleverest girls in the town ; but I put promotion first lor the simple reason that with me promotion must come before marriage. Knowing this, I was always on the lookout for a chance of distinguishing myself, and I paid duoh attention to my duties that my superiors began to notice me, and foretold 0 successful career for me in the tuture. One evening in the last week of September, 1878, 1 was sitting in my lodgings wondering what I could do to earn the promotion which I so earnestly wished for. Things were quiet just then in WeBtford, and I am afraid I half-wished that some- thing dreadful might occur if only I could have a share in it. I was pursuing this train of tbobght when I suddenly heard a voice say: " Good evening, officer." I turned sharply round. It was almost dusk, and my lamp was not lighted. For all that, I could see, clearly enough, a man vhowafl sitting by a chestof drawers that 8too>ii .between the door and the window. His chair stood between the drawers and the door, and I concluded that he had quietly entered my room and seated himself before addressing me. " Good evening," I replied. " I didn't hear yon eome in." He laughed when I said that—a low, chuckling, rather sly laugh. " No," he said; K I dessay not, officer. I'm a very quiet sort of person. You might say, in fact—noiseless. Just so." I looked at him narrowly, feeling con? eide&bly; surprised and astonished at his presence. He .was a thickly-built man, with a fquare face and heavy chin. His nose was small but aggressive; his eyes were little and over-shadowed by heavy eyebrows j I could see them twinkle when he 'spoke. As for his dress, it was in keeping with his face. He wore a rough suit bf woollen or frieze; a thick, gaily- colored Belcher neckerchief encircled a ball-like throat; and in his big hands he continually twirled and twisted a fur cap, made 'apparently cut of the skin of some favorite dog.' As he sat there smiling and saying^-Udthing, it made me feel uncomfortable. "What do you want with met" I asked. "Just a'little matter o' business," he answered i • • I I lou should have gone to the office," I said;' " We're not supposed to do business at home."* " Bight you are, guv'nor," he replied. " But I want to see you. It's you that's got to ,do my job. If I'd ha' iseen the superintendent, he might ba' put somebody else-on to it. That wonldn't ha' suited me. You see, officer, you're young, and nat'rally eagei^like' for promotion. Eh ?" "Willi isityouiront ?" I inquired again. "ASn't-you eager to be promoted ?" ho reiterate^ "Ain't yon now, officer?" I saw^tio' reason why I should coneeal the feet, even from this strange visitor. I admitted that I was eager for promotion. " Ahi" he eaid with a satisfied emile; " I'm glad o' that. It'll make you all the keener, Now, officer, you listen to me. I'm agoin' to put you on to a nice little job. , ? Ah! I.dessay you'll be a sergeant before long, yon will. You'll be praised and complimented for your clever conduct in this ere affair. Mark my words if you aiflV " Out with it," I eaid, fancying I saw through the man's meaning. " You're going to split on some of your pals, I suppose, and you'll want a reward ?" He shook his head. " A reward," he said, "^wouldn't be no -use to me at all— no, not if it was a thousand pounds. No; it ain't nothing to do with reward. But now, officer, did you ever hear of Lighttoed Jim ?" Light-toed Jim ? I should have been a poor detective if I bad not. Why, the man known under that sobriquet was one of the cleverest burglars and thieves in England, and had enjoyed such a famous career that his name was a household word. At that moment there was an additional interest attached to him. He had been convicted of burglary at the Northminister Assizes in 1871, and sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. After serving nearly two years of his time, he bad escaped from Portland, getting away in such clever fashion that he had never been heard of since. Where he was no one could say; but lately there has been a strong suspicion among the police that Light-toed Jim was at his old tricks again. " Light-tr.ed Jim !" I repeated. " I think so. Why, what do you know about him?" He smiled and nodded his head. "Lighttoed Jim," said he, " is in Westford at thiB 'ere hidentical moment. Listen to me, officer. Light-toed Jimi is agoin' to crack a crib to-night. Said crib is the mansion of Miss Singleton, that 'ere rich old lady as lives ont on the Mapleton Eoad. You know her—awfully rich, with nought but woman-servants and. animals about the place. There's some very valyable plate there. That's what Light-toed Jim's after. He'll get in through the scullery window about one a.m.; then he'll pass through the front and back kitchens and into the butler's pantry—only it'e a butleress, veos there ain't no men at all-—and there he'll set to work on (be safe. Some of his late pals in Portland give him the tip about this ere job.", "How did you come to heat of it," I asked. " Never mind, guv'nor. You wouldn't understand. Now, I want you to be up there to night, and to nab Light-toed. Jim red-handed, so to speak. It'll mean promotion, for you, and it'll suit me right down ti the ground. You want to be about and watch him enter. Then follow him, and d >g him. - And be armed, officer, for Jim'll fight like a tiger it you don't draw his teeth first." "Now, look here, my man," said L " This is all very well: but it's very irregular. , You must just tell ma who you are, and bow you come to be In Lighttoed Jim's secret, and I'll put it down in black and white." I turned away from him to get my; writing, materials. I was not a halfminute with my back to him, but when I tamed round he was gone. The door was shut, but I had heared no sound from it either opening or shutting. Quick as thought I darted to it, tore it opes, and looked down the narrow staircase. There was no one there., Iran hastily downstairs into the passage, and found my landlady, Mrs. Marriner, standing at the open door with a female friend. " Mrs. Marriner," I said breaking in upon their conversation, " which way did that man go who came downstairs just now ?" Mrs. Marriner looked at me strangely. " There ain't been no man come downstairs, Mr. Parker," eaid she—"leastways, not this good three-quarters of an hour, which me and MissiB Higgins 'ere, as 'ave come out to take an airing, her haying been ironing all this blessed day, as beenstandin' here all the time and ain't never seen a soul." "Nonsense 1" I said. "A man came down from my room just now—the man you sent up 20 minutes since." Mrs. Marriner looked at me with an ex- pression betokening the moat profound astonishment. Mrs. Higgins sighed deeply. "Mr.' Parker," said Mrs. Marriner, "sorry am I to say it, sir, but you're either intoxicated or else you're a-sickening for brain fever, sir. There ain't no person entered this door, in or out, for nigh on to an hour, as me and Misses Higgins 'ere will take our Bible oaths on." I went up-stairs and looked in the rooms on either side of mine. The man was not thero. I looked under my bed, and of course be was not there. He must: have gone down-stairs. ^ But then the woman must have seen him. There was only one door to the house. J gavo^ it up in dispair, and began to smoke ny pipe. By the time I bad drawn i:ie| last whiff I had decided that if any one was " intoxicated," it was probably Mrs. Marriner and Mrs. Higgins, and that my strange visitor had departed by the door. I was not going to believe that he had anything supernatural about him. I had no dnty that night; and as the hours wore on I foundmyself stern in my resolve to go up to Miss Singleton's house and see what I could make out of my informant's story. It was my opinion that my late visitor was a whilom pal of Light-toed Jim's, and that having become aware of the latter's plot, he had, for some reason of hisown, decided to split on his old ehiim. Thieves' : disagreement is an honest man's opportunity, and I determined to solve the truth of the story told me. Lest it should come to nothing, I decided not to report the matter to my chief. If I could really capture Light-toed Jim, my success would be all the more brilliant by being suddenly sprung upon the authorities. I made my plan of action rapidly. I took a revolver with me. Fortunately, I knew the housekeeper there—a midle-aged, strong minded woman, not easily frightened, which was a good thing. To her I communicated such information as I considered necessary. She consented to conceal me in the room where the safe stood. There was a cupboard close to the safe, from which I conld command a lull! view of the burglar's operations, and pounce upon him at the right moment. If only my information was to be relied upon, there was every chance of my capturing the famous burglar. Soon after midnight, when the house was all quiet, I went to the pantry and got into the cupboard, locking myself in. There were two openings in the panel, through either of which I was able to command a full view of the room. My position was somewhat eramped, but the time soon passed away. My mind was principally oecupied in wondering if I was really about to have a chance of distinguishing mybelf. Somehow, there was an air of un- reality about the events of-the evening which puzzled me. Suddenly I heard a sound which put me on the alert at once. It was nothing more than the creaking of a board or opening of a door would make in a quiet house; but it sounded intensified to my expectant ears. I drew myself up against the door of the cupboard and placed my eye to the opening in the panel. I had oiled the key of the door, and kept my fingers upon it, in readiness to spring upon the burglar at the proper moment. After what seemed some time I saw the gleam of light through the keyhole of the door opening into the pantry. Then it opened, and a man carrying a small lantern, came gently into the room. At first, I could see nothing of his. face; but when my 1 eyes grew accustomed to the hazy light, I < saw that I had been rightly informed, and that the burglar was indeed no other than :the famons Light-toed Jim. As I stood there watching him, I could not help admiring the cool fashion in which he went to work. He went over to the window and examined it. He tried the door of the cupboard in which I stood concealed. Then he locked the door of the pantry and turned his attention to the safe. He ret his lamp on a chair before the lock and took from his pocket as nsat and pretty a collection of tools as ever I saw. With these he went quietly and swiftly to work. Light-toed Jiin was a somewhat slimlybuilt fellow, with little muscular development about him, while I am a big man with plenty of bone and 6inew. If matters j had come to a fight between us I could; have done what I pleased with him; but I knew that Jim would not chance a fight Somewhere about him I felt sure there was a - revolver, which v,o he could „o„ use on the i—» least provocation. My plan, therefore, was to wait until bis back was bent over the lock of the safe, then to open the cupboard door noiselessly and iall bodily upon him, pinning bim to the ground beneath me. Before long the moment came. He was working steadily away at the lock, his whole attention concentrated on the job. The slight noise of his drill was sufficient to drown the click of the key in the cupboard door. I turned it quickly and tumbled right upon him, driving the tool out of his hands and throwing bim upon a heap at the foot of the safe. He uttered an exclamation of rage and astonishment as j he went down, and immediately began to | wriggle under me like an eel. As I kept * l him down with 'ohe hand, I tried tc pull out the handcuffs with the other. This somewhat embarrassed me, and the burglar profited by it to pull out a slurp knife. He had worked himself round Uu his back; and before I realised what e j was after, he was backing furiously at ue' I with his keen dagger-like blade. Then I realised that we were going to have a fight for it, and prepared myself. He tried to run the knife into my side. I warded it off; but the blade caught the fleshy part of my left arm, and I felt a warm stream of blood spurt out. That maddened me, and I seized one of the steel drills lying near at hand and hit my man such a blow over the temples that he collapsed at once and lay as if dead. I put the handcuffs oa him instantly, and, to make matters still more certain, I secured his ankles. Then I arose and lonked at my arm. The knife had made a nasty gash, and the blood was flowing freely; but it was not serious, and when the housekeeper, who just then appeared on the scene, had bandaged it, I went out and secured the help of the policemen I first met in conveying Lighttoed Jim to the office. I felt a proud man when I made my report to the inspector. "Light-toed Jim?" said he. "What, James Bland ? Nonsense, Parker." But I took him to the cells, where Jim was being attended to by the doctor. " You're right, Parker," he said. " That's the man. Well, this will be a fine thing for you." After a time, feeling a bit exhausted, I went home to try and get some sleep. The surgeon had attended to my arm, and told me ! it L —was L but a superficial " " 1 wound. ' It felt sore enough in spite of that. I had no sooner reached my lodgings than I saw, sitting in my easy-chair, the strange man who had called upon me earlier in the evening. He rose to his feet when I entered. I stared at him in utter astonishment. " Well, guv'nor," said he, " I see you're done it. You've got him gquare and fair, I reckon ?" " Yes," I said. " Ah !" he said with a sigh of complete satisfaction. " Then I'm satisfied. * Yes, I don't know as how there's aught more I could say. I reckon as how Light-toed Jim an' me is quits." I was determined to find out who this man was this time. " Sit down," I said. " There's a question or two I must ask you. Just let me get my coat off and I'll talk to you." I took my coat off and went over to the bed to lay it down. Now then," I began and looked round at him. I said no more, being literally struck dumb. The man was gone! I began to feel uncomfortable. I ran hastily down stairs, only to find the outer door locked and bolted, as I had left it a few minutes before. I went back, utterly nonplussed. For an hour I pondered the nutter over, but could make neither head nor tail of it. When I went down to the office next morning I was informed that the burglar wanted to see me. I went to his cell, where he was lying in bed with his head bandaged. I had hit him pretty hard as it turned out, and it was probable he would lie on the sick-list for some days. " Wei!, gov'nor," said he, " you'd the best of me last night. You hit me rather hard that time." " I was sorry to ha~e to do it, my man," I answered. "You would have stabbed me if you could." " Yef," he said, " I should. But, I say, guv'nor, come a bit closer; I want to ask you a question. How did you know I was on that little job last night 1 For, s'olp me, there wasn't a soul knew a breath about it but myself. I hadn't no pals, ntver talked to anybody about it, never thought aloud about it as I knows on. How came you to j spot it, guv'nor ?" . There was no one else in the cell with I us, and I thought I might find out something about my mysterious visitor of the night before. " It was a pal of yours who gave me the information," I said. " Can't be, guv'nor. No use you telling me that. I aiu't no pals—leastways not in this job." " Did you ever kuow a man like this!" I described my visitor. As I proceeded, Light-toed Jim's face assumed an expression of real terror. Whatever color there was in it it faded away, I never saw a man look more thoroughly frightened. " Yes, yes," he said eagerly. " In course I know who it is. Why, it's Barksea Bill, as I pal'd witn at one time. And what did he Bay, guv'nor—that he owed mo a grudge? That ho was quits at iftsf t Right you are, 'cos ho did owe me a grudge. I treated Bill very shabby—very Bhabby indeed, and he swore solemn he'd have his revenge. On'r, gnv'nor, what you SM wasn't Barksea Bill at all, but his ghost, 'cos Bkrksea Bill's <-n d(K\d tii:fl :>i 5 : iel this three yesr." I was naturally very much exercised in my mind over this weird development of the affair, and I used to think about it long after Lightrtoed Jim tad once more retired to the seclusion of Pentridee. While he was in charge at Westford I tried more than once to worm some information out of him about defunct Barksea Bill, but with no success. He would say no more than " Bill was dead and buried three year;" and with that I had to be content. Gradually I came to have a firm belief that I had been visited by Barksea Bill's ghost, and I often told the story to brother- officers, and sometimes got well laughed at. That, however, mattered little to me; I felt sure that any man who had gone through the sime experience would have had the same beliefs. Of course I got my promotion, and was soon afterwards married. Things went well with me, and I listed from one step to another. In my secret mind I was always sure I owed my first rise to the burglar's ghost, and I should have continued to think so but for an incident which occurred just five years after my capture of Lighttoed Jim. I had occasion to travel to Sheffield from Westford, and bad to change trains at Leeds. The carriage I stepped into was ocenpied by a solitary individual, who turned his face to me as I sat down. Though dressed in more respectable fashion I immediately recognised the man who had visited me so mysteriously at my lodgings. My first feeling was one of fear, and I daresay my face showed it, for the man laughed. "Hallo, guv'nor," said he, "I see you knew me as soon as you came in. You owes a deal to me, guv'nor; now, don't you, eh ?" "Look here, my man," I said, "I've been taking you for a ghost these five years past. Now, just tell me how you got in and oat of my room that night, will you?" He laughed long and loud at that. " A ghost T said he. " Well, if that ain't a good un I Why, easy enough, guv'nor. I was a-lodging for a day or two ic the same house. It's easy enough when you know how to open a door very quiet to slip out too." " But I followed you sharp and looked for you." " Ay, guv'nor; but you looked down and I had gone up ! You should ha' come up to the attics, and there you'd ha' found me. So you took me for a ghost 1 Well, I'm blowed." I tcld him what Light-toed Jim had said in the cell. " Ay," said he, " I dessay, guv'nor. You Gee 'twas this way.— it weren't Jim's fault as I wasn't dead. He tried to murder me, guv'nor, he did J—and left me a-lying for dead. So I ses to myself when I comes round that I'd pay him out sooner or later. But after that I quit the profession, Jim's nasty conduct having made me sick of it So I went in for a honest living at my old trade, which was draining and pipe-repairing. I was on a job o' that sort in Westford, near Miss Singleton's house when I saw Light-toed Jim. I had a hidea what he was up to, havin' heard of the plate; and I watches him one or two nights, and gets a notion 'ow he was going to work the job. Then, of course, you being an officer and close at hand, I split on him—and that's all." " But you had got the time and details Correct ?" , "Why, of course, guv'nor. I was an old hand—served many a year in Portland, I have, and l knew just how Jim would •work jt, after iseeing his prelim'nary observations., But a ghostI Ha, ha, ha—why, guv'nor,you-must have: been. a very green ypung officer jin them days 1" Perhaps,I was. At anyrate, I learnt a lessen from the ci-devant Barksea Bill— namely, that in searching a house it is always advisable to look up as well as down. Colemane and Son's famons Eucalypte Extract Victory Ointment, Eacalypte Pills, Eucalypte Soap, Eucalypte Honey. Agent—J. EL Mathews. Albnrr. Chemist. Every bottle bears our regis- tered trade-mark," Tree of Life," and signature, "Colemane and Sons." Beware of frauds.— [ADVT.J Miss Amanda Jones, owing to the low wages paid to a woman by the Caliturnian canneries, has refused to sell to fruit cannera the light to use her new process. The average wage ptid to women fruit canners is said to be 4s. to 6B. per weak. Inventors have long sought a suitable method of canning fruit and other food without cooking or the use of chemicals, and Mies Jones is the inventor of this hitherto undiscovered process. As a result, the Women's Canning and Preserving Company has been formed, with exclusive right from Miss Jones, to can and preserve, for the lifetime of the jpfteqts, all uncooked foods, 