SOME CLERICAL REMINIS CENCES. Dr. A. IC. H. Boyd, the -well-known "A.K.H.B.," author of the "Recreations of a Country Parson," in a second and concluding volume of his reminiscences gives .publicity to a number of good stories:— Dr. Boyd makes no secret that his experi ences of his countrymen are not invariably of a pleasing kind. Here is an example :— " I never will forget how, long ago, when I was in my Edinburgti parish, I said to a neigh bor—' It is very sad that that poor woman is to be hanged.1 'No,' said the uncompromising man (his church was empty and mine was not), ' it is not a bit sadder that a woman should be hanged than a man. God will damn a woman just as soon a3 a man; and therefore in what you say you are accusing God, and going against the Standards of the Kirk.' I replied that it was a very terrible thing to think of 'God damning' either man or woman ; but that I had fancied most people felt a certain tenderness for the weaker and more suffering half of poor huma nity. Then weparted, after my acquaintance had administered further rebuke to me. And in a few days I found that he had put about my little observation, with his own comments upon it. And if he thought me an evil man, seeking to undermine the blessed dogmas of Calvinism (which are in both the articles and the confession), no doubt he was right to say so." This reminds the diarist of "one of the bigots who went to New England seeking free dom to worship" for themselves, combined with "freedom to persecute all who desired to worship in any other way." This particular bigot, it is fair to observe, may have been an English or a Welsh bigot for anything that appears:—" One Sunday, he preached to his unhappy congregation that he had satisfied him self that just one in each seven hundred and seventy-seven of the human race should be saved at last. Coming out, he found the congrega tion gathered under a tree in high debate. They had calculated that if the ease were so, exactly three souls in the parish would end well; and the question in debate was, Who those three should be ? They stated their per plexity to that preacher of despair ; and men tioned a good many names which had been suggested. But a fine effect was produced upon the mind of that ferocious fatalist by the fact that not one individual had mentioned his." " A true instinct," says the narrator, "had led them. They had never even thought of him." A minister of the Scottish Kirk, we are told, does not often hear candid criticism, but there are exceptions. Dr. Hamilton, of Strathblane, father of the well-known London preacher and popular writer, used to relate how he once preached in a little rural kirk, got fully into the spirit of his discourse, and thought he had done exceptionally well. But as he left the porch the people gathered round, and it began to become apparent that there was something in his doctrines or his mode of expounding them which had not met with entire approval. At last a "miserable little tailor," supported by two crutches, with his nose contemptuously raised in the air, said in a very audible voice, " It's wonderful what a buddy will do for a piece of bread !" Young preachers are warned that it is idleinthe north to fish for compliments about their achieve ments in the pulpit. "A youth, walking home from church with a venerable elder, in an evil moment said, ' That was a fine text I had to-day.' Whereupon the elder, with much im patience in his voice and manner, replied ' Oh, yes; there was naething the matter with the text.'" Another outspoken person was old Dr. Muir, of Glasgow, who once, at the ceremony called "Kirking the Cor poration," said in his prayer, "Lord have mercy upon the magistrates, such a3 they are; make them wiser and better." When the town clerk called to say that the magistrates felt much aggrieved at being publicly prayed for in such a manner the answer was, "Dr. Muir's compliments to the Lord Provost, and he is sorry to fiud that his prayer has not been answered." "Decorous conventionalities (says Dr. Boyd) weigh lightly here. You had best tell the truth to a Scotchman at odcb ; he knows it already." " When a Scotch minister is offered another living it used to be the way that he said a great deal about' a larger sphere of usefulness' and the like; not a word about the better stipend. To my personal knowledge that sort of thing was heartily laughed at by shrewd Scotch folk. The 'divine call' almost always came to a place where things were better in the worldly sense." Even Scottish ghosts appear to preserve not a little of this practical turn. When the author was staying with Dr. Liddon, Miss Alderson (the hymn-writer), and other distinguished guests, at the Earl of Strathmore's, the con versation turned upon thefamoushauntedroom at Glamis Castle. "Everyody has heard of the haunted room at Glamis. It has been pub about that the mention of it is a painful sub ject in the family. Never was ranker non sense. In the morning the first question of the delightful countess to her guests was—'Well, have you seen the ghost?" The earl treated the subject more scientifically, in a fashion yield ing practical counsel. He told us that some years before an excellent dignitary, who was always collecting money for church building, had just gone to bed, when all of a sudden the ghost appeared, apparently a Strathmore of some centuries back. With great presence of mind the clergyman took the first word. Addressing the ghost, he said he was most anxious to raise money for a church he was erecting; that he had a bad cold and could not well get out ofbed; but that his collecting book was on the dressing-table, and he would be extreme! ■. obliged if his visitor would give him a sub scription. Upon this the ghost vanished, and ha3 never come back any more." A.K.H.B.'s stories go far in themselves to disprove the unaccountable calumny that Scotsmen are wanting in humor. Some slight deficiency in this regard, however, must be attributed to the friend of the "Country Parson," who thought to please him by con ferring the initials so long favorably known to magazine readers upon a prize bull. Dr Boyd must tell the story:—"In this July a county member, much concerned in matters agricultural, came to me one afternoon in the club, and informed me that by far the greatest compliment had been paid the humble writer that ever had been or ever could be. An animal of extraordinary value and beauty ap peared in the published record of highbred cattle as bearing my odd initials. I was some what startled, and liked it not. 'Don't you Irnnwk3 hiV Rn.irl rvifch irvrlicrnotm-tn a.i__ know,' he said with Indignation, ' that the Marchioness of A. and the Duchess of B. are proud to have their names in that book? You don't understand things at all.' I certainly remarked, for a while after, that my namesake got many prizes at shows. But the lastt.mention of him was tragic. The murrain got into that unpurohasahle herd, and they had to perish. A paragraph said, ' A. K. EL B. is still alive, but he is to be killed to-morrow ' I heard no more." There is a story told of Archbishop Whately and "How a crowd, having gathered to witness the consecration of a church, the archbishop, without his robes, walked into the church and signed the document upon the altar—all the law requires. Then, turning to the congrega tion, he said, 'You have come here to see me consecrate tho church. You are the church. Go home and consecrate yourselves.' " We have a glimpse-of Mr: Proude as a con versationalist:—"It was on that day that Proude told me of a singular instance of a man looking at a matter from only one point of view. A youth at Oxford in his day being examined in Paley, was asked if he could men tion any instance of the Divine goodness ■which he had found out for himself. 'Yes. The conformation of the nose of the bulldog. Its nose is so retracted that he can hang it on to the bull, and yet breathe freely. But for this it would Boon have to let go.' The bull's point of view was not regarded at all. I could but cap the story with one from Glasgow College. A youth had preached in the College Chapel. After service the pro fessors in the beautiful ' Pore Hall' were dis cussing the sermon. They were all very com plimentary. Butt Professor Buchanan, the great Professor of Logic, whom, strange to say, Archbishop Tait did not think very clever, broke in, 'Oh, don't say that. There was a sad want in onr young friend's sermon. He said a great deal about how Jonah felt. I should like to hear something about bow the whale felt.'" • Lieutenant Colonel Gordon assumed com mand of the Military Purees on Priday and a general order notifying his appointment has been issued. 