THE WINGARRY WATER HOLE. ByW. S. I was bushed—there could be 110 mistake about it. Not lost exactly ; when you know where a thing ie it is not lost, they say, and I knew where I was—in the Bingara Ranges. But then you see there were twenty miles of thein, all strmgybark country, each spur and end die as like every other spur and saddle to inn rained eyes at least—aB—as—well as one ttiiiicybark range always is to another. I can't say more. You cannot see Ear. The tall straight saplings grow close together, and through their thickBet stems you see nothing but other saplings just like them. . Now and again you come on some forest patriarch, split and gnarled and riven or lying prone among the underbush, and make a note of. him as a landmark you will know again; hut soon, to your disguBt, you find that there is the same aggravating family likeness among those patri archs as among the youngsters of the tribe. Unkind critics have since suggested that if ycu travel in a circle you will observe a similar sameness and monotony in almost any sort of country, but I was not travelling in a circle, for presently I came upon something I cer tainly had not seen before, the Wmgarry Waterhole. There was no mistaking it. I had seen a sketch of it at Wialdra. A dark still pool overhung by a wall of rock, to which a solitary old sheaoak clung and stretched its split and twisted limbs over the water. A little spring trickled into the pool from the base of the rook, and the surplus water soaked away into a bit of boggy ground. " Don'tget bushed, my host had said when I left the bead station that morning, "and don c camp by tbe wingarry waternoie. I bad done the one thing, sure enough, but I wasn't going to do the other—it was not a pleasant Bort of place to camp in anyhow. There was an old track passing the waterhole which led to Wialdra, but then Wialdra was ten miles off, and it was getting late. Old tracke are hard to follow at the best of times, and if stringybark country is bewildering in the daytime it is hopelessly so at night. That would not do either. I determined to follow the track a little way, light a fire, and wait till morning. And now, if you like, I did take to walking in circles—three mortal timeB did I return to that confounded waterhole. The third time it was getting dark, bnt I deter mined to have one try more. Fixing my eves on an old tree that towered above the rest, I made towards it and succeeded at last in keeping straight About a half a-mile or more from the waterhole I came upon a ruin—not much of a ruin perhaps, but the only sort you meet with in the buBh—an old chimney. The hut to whioh it had belonged, or perhaps I should cay the hut whioh had belonged to it—for the chimney is often the most important and sub stantial portion of a bush nut—had disap peared, and the yawning blackened gulf stood gaunt and lonely among the trees like some rude altar of a forgotten faith. It suggested forsaken homes, deserted hearths, light of other days' ideas, but it was better than the waterhole, and by way of dispelling suoh morbid fancies I proceeded to light a roaring fire in it.. The effect, however, was more eerie than ever. Beartbsand homes is a pleasing phrase, but a hearth, even with a fire on it, wanting the home seemed lonelysomehowand uncanny. However. I lay down before it deter mined to make tbe best of things. The ruddy light flickered and danced on tbe slender tree stems that shot up into the darknesB likeblaok pillars supporting a blacker dome, for it was a cloudy night and very dark; by-and-by the tree-Btems flickered too, and I was Bound I woke about the middle of the night with a strange sense of some one being near me. The fire was dying down, the wind had risen. I tried to snake off the creepy feeling and go to sleep again. I couldn't. I tried to get up and put some wood upon the fire; againjl couldn't. Something seemed to hold me down; a hand cold and. very strong was on my forehead. I lay there'trembling while the cold from it struck inward; deeper and deeper went the death-like chill till brain and heart were numbed and I was lost to thought and feeling. When consciousness returned I was alone, but in my heart the dread chill lingered and through my brain surged memories of a past not mine. I sat by a dying fire; asingle log was smould ering in the yawning fireplace of an old bush hut; a bunk from which there hung a frowsy blanket, a ricketty table, and the rude bench I sat on made up the furniture of the place. The wind outside was moaning round the hut, now wailing in the boughs of unseen trees, now coming wi*h a short sharp gust that shook the crazy door, and rushing down the broken chimney sent a cloud of fine white ashes whirling out into the hut, while all un heeding this lonely figure that was not and yet was myself sat lost in thought. Old memories, (dim and formless at first, mere hurrying shadows, passed through my brain, telling the well-worn story of chances thrown away, a young life wrecked almost at the out set from sheer wrongheadedness—there was a scrape of some sort, high words and a hasty blow. Then the picturb grew darker and clearer—long years of convict life, how many? Let's see, the Judge Baid twenty-one'; the first five seemed like fifty I rememb9red; I did not count the rest, but each one put its mark on me, and left me more like the brutes and devils in human form among whom my lot was cast. Freedom at last—a hard rough reckless life among men like myself, earning our living, sometimes honestly, for we were crack hands at splitting and fenoing, we old lags; taking to buBbranging and cattle duffing when we got a chance. Then a woman's face, homely enough, but atill a loving trustful face that smoothed life's roughness and made a buBh hut (not this one, but another little better) into a home, so bright and peaceful, and banished the reckless demon in me for a while. Another face, a small and very round one, with no more features than a Suffolk dump ling, and yet, somehow, it made the bright home brighter and left it d\rker when it dis appeared. Then illness—want—a struggle. How the door rattled. What was it that old nurse used to tell ? How a hand tried the door when one of us was dying. The poor plain angel faoe grew whiter and thinner. That door again; how the wind was howling! The waterhole by the Wialdra track, how deep it was and dark, all hidden by the over hanging trees, no one would ever find it— something that was lying at the bottom, a still silent something that wasaliving, breath ing man some hours ago. Why did he struggle so? He was strong for an old man, but help less in my hands. I did not want to hurb him. I oiuy wanted the money. Why did he cling to it so and fight desperately ? I did not mean to kill him even then, but somehow I did. I did not think muoh about it then ; just i chucked bun into the waterhole and made for the nearest township ; all my thoughts were bent on getting food for my wife. I went to the little store, they were new people there i and did not know me; then I went home— I home—was it my home, that locked-up hut so dark and empty ? I wrenched the door open and went in; the hearth was cleanly swept and cold—my wife was gone. I saw it all. a neighbour's wife who had promised to give a look to Mary when she could had said a week ago that she was dying. She had died while I was away all these days looking for work. The woman, a splitter's wife, lived two miles down the track, but I knew all I needed to know, and turning away made a bee line through the scrnb to this old nut. The fire was nearly out, the hut quite dark, and the wind, higher than ever now, was rushing through the trees and scattering twigs and bark upon the rotten roof, and I kept thinking how it would howl in the old sheaoak by the waterhole. I wondered who the old chap was. Poor fellow, I had killed him all for nothing ; it would have been a long sight better if he had killed me. I tried to think what his face was like. Surely if I remem bered anything it should be that. I'd seen it clear enough in the moonlight, but every time I tried to call it up I saw Mary's. I built up the fire, throwing on log after log, till it fairly roared, and tailing an old worn pocketbook from the front of my shirt I opened it. There was money in one compartment. I had not counted it, just taking out one soiled note to pay for what I bought. I did not count it now, but looked for papers that would tell the owner's name. There were not many, a letter or two, that was all; among them one that made me drop the rest; it was in my wife's band. I stared at it, not reading—what need? I knew every word. It was a letter written to her father a month ago asking for help. When no answer came we thought he had not for given her for marrying me. The old man had not written, he had come. No wonder I saw Mary's face. Again tbat hand upon the door. A11 right, I thought. I didn't need the hint. Should I go to the waterhole? No, it woull take too long, so I just pulled out an old pistol I always carried and settled the matter that way; atleastl meant to, but somehowldidnot shoot straight and fell across the fireplace dying, but not dead. There was a cry outside the door; the hands were tearing at it madly now; it gave, and falling inward showed Mary's face—Mary not dead but living. She flung herself down beside me and begged for a word, a word. " Oh Jim, dear Jim, how could you ? Why did you not wait ? Oh, live for my sake, Jim ; father is ooming, he will be here to-day, and everything will he so bright." The room was growing dim. I saw her look at the letters on the table; she would read them by-and-by. Would it kill her ? I hoped I came to myself alone among the etringy barke. The 'last spark of the fire was dying down and went out while I watched it; the clouds were gone, and through the tree-tops I saw the stars. It was intensely cold, the chill before the dawn, and their pale light made it seem colder and more lonely. I didn'tfeel like lighting up that fire again, but roBe, and by the starlight tried to find the track. At last Istruckit and followed it, in the erey morning light, walking faBt. I got to Wialdra in time for breakfast, during which meal I was unmercifully chaffed for losing myself so close to home. " By-tbe way." said my host, "did you see anything of the Wingarry Waterhole 1" " Yes," I said, " I came across it in the afternoon." " Did you camp there?" "Well.no. I did not. The situation struck me as decidedly damp and suggestive of rheumatio fever. Is there any other reason for avoiding it?" '' The men have a notion that it is haunted; and sure enough the skeleton of a man waB found at the bottom when it dried up in the drought of 18—" "Whereabouts?" "In the deepest part, just under the old eheaoak." My eyeB had followed his to the picture on the wall. A sketch rough but strong, taken in the summer noonday. I had seen it on a cloudy winter afternoon; yet, as I looked at it, I saw the moonbeams striking across itB sluggish depth between the stems of trees cut down so long agD that their inosBy stumps, half hid in underbueh, were all the picture showed or I had seen; while in the deepest shadow I saw a face—an old white face, strange yet familiar. I saw it Binking, sinking; then only the pool, the moonlight on it flickering as the widening circles rippled and lapped against the slimy bank. Then all was still. I saw my friends were looking at me won deringly, so I passed my plate for another chop and changed the subject. Of my strange experitnce I have never spoken. I don't believe in ghosts, at least not in the conventional ghost who turns up in his habit as he lived. The ghost of a man I can comprehend; the ghost of a pepper-and-salt suit and top hat, or a silk dress, or even a sheet are, I confess, beyond me. Yet the souls of the dead may return, who can say? Was some poor lost spirit thinking over his life story with my brain? Testing His Feiendship.—When Alex ander Dumae the elder brought out one of his earlier tragedies, his patron, the Duo d* Orleans, was eo pleased with it that he re solved to present the author with a gold snuff box, with his portrait set in diamonds. Seeing Dumas at Cbantilly races, the Duke sent an aide-de- camp to inform him of his intention. After coneratulating the poet warmly, the officer asked where he should leave the box for him. '' Well." said the Bohemian, '1 sinoe you are so obliging, would you mind pawning it as you go along and leave the money at my lodgings." A correspondent of the Field met an agri cultural friend the other day by the riverside, and addressed him in these words:—" Well, Farmer Daw, how do you and the parson get on?" "Ther, it bean't for the likes o' we to critikise the patson, sir," was the reply, "but I dew say to my missus he be strange and fond o' fishing. He doen't onderstand what be gude weather for the fush bean't gude weather for the craps. So soon as iver us wants bewti ful weather for the wheat us he bound to have to pray for rain. But I tell 'e how it be. When parson goes to Church he takes a lewk at the river, and turns on the prayer for gude weather or rain according." Two Glasgow ministers, who paid a flying visit to a brother of the cloth who looks after the spiritual welfare of a populous village of South Lanarkshire, found on their arrival at the local railway station that instead of being five minutes too soon for the Glasgow train they were fully 10 minutes too late." "Well," ex claimed the younger of the two, drawing his watch from his fob and comparing it with the station cloak, "isn't this dreadful ? My watch is a whole quarter of au hour slow. I will never put faith in it again." "My dear friend," exclaimed his companion, as an amnsed Bmile lit up his countenance, " I don't think this is a question of faith at all, but of good works. Am I not right, eh!" 