Primitive Methodism in Parramatta. Farewell to Rev. E. Maeterman and Mr. W. C. Butler. Qit Sunday evening last the Rev. E. Masterman preachedbis farewell sermon in the Primitive Methodist Church, IfaCquarie-street, Panamatta, taking for his text the 13th chapter of II Corinthians, llthand lflthverses: "Finally, brethren, farewell; be perfect, be of good comfort, be of one mind, live in peace; and the God of 'love and peace shall be with you."—"The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and tbe love of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all, amen." .These words, he said, breathed love sad sympathy. St. Paul had found it necessary to reprove the Church at Corinth, but be did so in love; and to him (the preauher) this farewell letter seemed very appropriate as a minister's parting text. A. minister's farewell must always be to him a time of solemn importance. Passing in review what had been done—looking back on the past, on the toils and the trials, the difficulties and achievements, and perhaps the failures of one's work, the farewell was ever marked with a shade' of sadness, for the minister must inevitably think of those of his flock who were unsaved. He (the preacher) had always had the one great object m view— the salvation of souls. He had tried to bring sinners to Jesus, but he had to confess that, unfortunately, he was leaving some still bound in their sin, so far as he knew. Still they might yet decide that evening to wslk in tbe paths of virtue Let them remember that their next meeting might be at the judgment seat of God. He would never forget the many blessed meetings in the little chmroh, and thanking God he would take courage to work on. As the apostle had exhorted the Corinthians to be perfeot and of one mind, so he would ask all Christians to lay aside con tentions in working for tbe one great Master with hearts full of love. " Hnally, brethren, farewell ; live in peace, and the God of love will be with you." Amen. It is pretty generally known that the Rev. Mr. Masterman has not been permitted to remain in Parramatta for the full term of three years. Mr. Masterman has worked here with great acceptance for about two years; and he is now going to Waterloo, where, no doubt, success will also attend his ministrations. Mr. Masterman is succeeded by the Eev. G. W. Smailes. 