®fie jtorctltem piuet. I PUBLISHED DAILY. WEDNESDA V. MARC IT 9. IS>2. Mubders and the ghosts "vvhicfa . naturally follow in their train have ? from time immemorial possessed an;j eerie Interest for those still in the: land of the living. In this prosaic nineteenth century even the ghosts are not played oat, and tins isshown;; hy tie enormons sale of Mr. STEAD'S . Christmas number of the Bsview of Reviews. Bat if the general belief in: ghosts lias somewhat weakened, the aH- surp*ssui5 interesV in a murder Btill remains*: it ed<ted in us when 1 as children we readofthe wicked d lings of the homicidal ancle of the babes in the wood, and 'when in later days fact surpasses ficiaon, our maturer age cannot refuse to give its attf-ntion. The most enthralling kind of murder too is one in winch the in jured wife or sweetheart is " worked oft" it is .this class of murder which is the most, productive of ghostly phenomena. A well conducted sweet heart, spiritually speaking, who has "stooped to lolly," and learned too late that men can slay, invariably makes a most inter esting ghost, and a fomraun icati re one, too, for in the legend of the Red Barn it will be remembered the spirit of the murdered girl communicates to a relative the date of her decease, cause of death, place of interment (tinder the Bed Barn floor)^ and incidentally an jjnghostly desire to be asenged on her perfidious loresrThat spirit of revenge.^e-^har-Hi in by the public ?wteobjeet t» the indiscriminate slaughter of young wires and sweet hearts. In the case of other victims the sentiment is sot so strong; a traveller occupying the same railway carriage as a spoilt child is quite in sympathy with the cruel but scien tific uncle who removes his juvenile ward by inoculating him with the cholera inicbrohe. The same, man could read quite unconcernedly. of the murder of an elderly ladya who almost certainly -was someone's mother-iii -1 * w, and if a capitalist were trans'ated by a bomb, t'»e same indi . Tidnil would think of h»s mortgagees an! feel resigned. Bui J'ouna wives ] and sweethearts are not so objection-1 able as spoilt children, sodictatorinl; as elderly ladies, or so hard-hearted as mortgagees, hence the public ] disfavor which manifests itself in such cases. It is this feeling which is intensifying public interest in the Windsor murder, the details of which, as elicited, appear daily incur columns. First there was the die*, corery of the body - of a voung woman underneath the hearth stone. Then came inquiries as' to 'the latest tenants, the testimony of a carter who conveyed the furni ture from the ship Kaiser Wilhelm II to the cottage, and so led up to the identification of the murdered woman, as a Mrs. WILLIAMS. Since theh every movement of Wirmvs lias been traced during his stay in Mel bourne. We know all about the ship, tbe sale of furniture, the silver-: mounted ebony walking-stick, on which, with a sublimity ofefErontery, the murderer seems to have placed his desld wife's It is quite possible this latter unique attachment to a walking stick may lead to liis identification. Then again at the end of January he was seen in Sydney, incoinpany with.: a woman, who surely could not know of his iniquity; l'he communica tiveness of his wife on the 'way out has revealed Wiiliams' past history, and from far off St. Helens an absolutely correct description of the hunted man will be cabled It is interesting to speculate where is the wanderer, and what are his .: emotions as he reads of the discoveries we ace daily cJironicling. H is failing as a murderer seemB to have beeu that ofeconomy* The 10s wwth of cement smoojlied thesurface, bnt-£l woitb ofqajcklime was necessary to destroy thebody. To what a fiend the Unfortunate girl was wedded; the crime was probably planned in £ng. land, brooded on during the' vayage, : andduly thfldegtina tiou. That it was premeditated none can doubt, and the dumb walls of the suburban cottage must have wit nessed a hideously revolting sseue. Sill SYCES, ' 'the typical ruffian, flees the house after the murder of Naitcy, but WllAIAMS strolls l out, purchases cement and sand, i and artistically conceals all traces of his crime. A month's start to duch a schemer is ja longone, but it is possible lie may have believed, chat the body would not be discovered forbears, and so have recklessly exposed himse f to observation, if that is so, and he has reuiainedintfae country, t»R capture is assured, for all the passengers ~br thsKaiser WiibelmIL,thepeopteJie. met in Melbourne, and the police ane now upon histraiL "The wicked floe when no man pursueth," but ypiily Williams ha« reason to consider it lime to beat a retreat. - * ? tiiBT evening the late tain, vfaien opposite Ofairholme.^nn into » cow, mi derailed, the wheel being 7 Jin off the rail . It took three hours to right matters, «ml paeBMigers only arrived in town at 2 o'dajt *thls morning. Sin harm was done, except to the coir. otiber day nnlialwIHy fcompttay bpoh thfe eoldfieft vhufa w -to be jjjndebted to ccrtain w/>ckaBg i aaaughjifrtr wark done.' The company are wnASo b> «e «u the Mowbray (JIL Co, 2fo Liability. We tiara been waited upon by one of the ininen, who informs us Hhp* tlie wages are tffli unpr.id. The amount of WHges omag is.;£30, to four _meu,wh» mH^ed tno veeb And Hires days each. The local dired»r»w.creMessre. A-Eacrelly, W. L Danes, ind J. A. Go mage, and fte jjfcwjWTlb direCto-8, were Messrs. Tiiomas Smyth. George Hmpson. Tlic only director who; nowpoteesseB the proper quali (iealionaiid can legally act b Mr. Smyth, t3u 'o&i;« by non-payment of call!, etc., having allowed their qualifications to cease. The company bus £16 to its credit in the' bank, and over 20 tons of stone at grass, but the difficulty iehow^dealwiththe com pany's *ssete, as one director isnoi a quorum. The forfeiture of the company's lease lias been applied for by the 8ecretary,we sup poseonhehalf-of eomc of tbeeharehdldera. ffeadvise the wn'to bring their case under the notice of i lie Warden, and request him" not to recommend die forfeiture to anyone at present iotewetodia the company, or who bae iUoned hie charts in the company to become forfeited unless it is proved that the ; men hare been paid. W« further advise the ] working misers to keep a very careful eve on no J&biUly; eompabiee, aud inofc allow their : wages to get too far m arrtar, Contractor-,' too, from whom25 percent, fthfeirpayis de ducted, ran & great risk of finding when "the workie done, that tits assets of fche compaiif ha ve gone. *H *nr is tndlf wanted in the immediate vicinity of »ughenaen to Bll up the dams. They hare -commenced to bore for artesian water on Alton Downs. THIS morning's supplement contains the reports of the monthly meetings of Hie al rymple Divisional Board and the Water works Board, -mining managers' "reports, . Hodgkinson mining advertisements, Jfcc. A <MB£ named Elizabeth Joseph met with a very painful accident yesterday. She had. hung akettle over a. gas jet, and when the water, was boiling, by some means spilt it over her neck and shoulders. Her screams attracted immediate assistance, aud her in juries were quickly attended to. Fbuie Severity's Comedy and Bur lesque Company advertise another entire change of "programme for to-night, when the firet part uill be a grand minstrel entertain ment, in which Mr. SC. J- Geraghty will appear for the tirst time. There will fijfio be a number of new songs and sketches. A FATAL accident occurred yesterday to Ur. Joseph Hobson, son of Mr. William Hobson, of flit town. Deceased appears to j have been xiding in the neighbourhood of ?<3ie Brilliant Hotel, and to have been thrown from his horse, being picked , up'in an un conscious etaJteby Ur- Sam Hodgson, who was driving in that locality a little after 10 o'clock yesterday taorning. Be was con veyed t » the hospital, where, however, he only lived about an hour. A post mortem examination was subsequently held by Dr. Paoli, who .stated that death had resulted from a fracture of the skulL Deceased wits about 30 years of age, and leaves-a wife and two children, for whom and. his parent® , ipueh sympathy is felt. The funeral takes place at llo'clock tbis morning. . HORACE Mooxtfobd was brought before the Police Magistrate yesterday morning with a nice little array of charges which were as follows ^isinj obscene language, assault ing Constable JBourke, assaulting Constable1 Clark, tearing Constable Bo ark's uniform,, ditto Constable Ulark. Eor the obscene language he was fined £3> -or a month in gaol,! foraasaiilting Constable Clark £5 or u month,; for Assaulting Constable Bourke £5 or a month, for tearing tionsfc&ble; Clark's uniform ] to pay the damage, 35s, or 14 days, and for i tearing Constable Bourke's iniform, to pay the damage, £2 2s or 14 days. All sentences to be accumulative. His worship j al»o remarked that accused had been bound I overto fceep the ipeace. for 6 months, 'in.j December la$t, and that by his eoniuct he . had rendered himself liable to have hi« bond j forfeited fiist annual meting of the Xiiedertafel was held last evening in the Town Hull ' There was a g Jod attendance of some thirty members. ntd Mr J, MBliean, the retiring president occupie l the chair. The report and balance-sheet of tbe society showed that good pnogress had beenmade daring the year, j the balance-eheek sbuowing a credit bank bal ance of -some £60. . After ihe adoption of the made vacant by the effluxion of time, were appointed:-Patron and life member, ^M"r H. Mosman ; president, Mr F. Pfeiffer; vice-presid ente, Messrs A- W. Clajcke and Dr Clatworthy; hon. treasurer, MrJ.K.'Carr; hon. secretary, Sb E.Manhattan ; Jjibtarian, Mr G. Wattejand Messrs.J,D.Kiiipe,C.f. Plant,!. Smith, F.PJ?arkin9on, W.Jarvisand C.W^tB 'Committeemen. 3?hanfulmention was made of the splendid donation ot £50 tluut Mr. H. Mosman made fco the club iaet year,' and the ; eecretoiy was instructed to write to that gentleman^ acquaiiding him of hie appouit ment to life membership. After a few con gnitiilatory tiemarks by diiereiU members on the healthy elate of the. club, a vote of thanks to die chairman terminated tbe pro oeedioge. The liedertz^el has in practice a program me of a grand concert, to he given oa Sie SOrh inst.j -which ehooldj .if ;the eia5el leot nature of items is an earnest of success, eclipse all its prenous e&oiis.; Thu usual moidhly meeting of the com-1 mitfcee of _the School of Arts was beid lai^t j night Present; Mr. W. Jowett ,(vice- | preBident) in #ie chair, and. Messrs- |F. ] Steady, F. Johnson, O- Williams, C. j.! Eraser, A. Turner W. Harris, W. Thompson, 1 and A- B. Br^ht. Mr. E. it X. rlant j ^president} arrive j shortlv a&er; the com- J menceoieot of .business, and apologised fori his late; arrival, having had auothcr meet ing to 'attend at the same iiour. Aj letter was read from Mr.^A. W- CJaite, j apologising -for ibis unavoidable abscnce.' The minutes of Ihe - last monthly, meeting and of three epectaL<neetings,heldon 13th. 20th, and 2Wi 3?eb0 were read and con finned, r 33ie. /outward <»rrespoadence was confirmed, and the inward received. A letter from the X.. >. of fiechabites, enclosing a copy -of that body's magazine, was received with tlianks,on tiie mofcipn of Mr ,(a.rris; eeconded fcy Mir Plant. ^ ? i|r,^kinaar"fi - istter^ asking ui£ lunOunt of indebfcedziPSS for^ gas,; was referred to tAe jettingJoommittiee,: as wai . . also a :l^ter.\ £tom.-Jtae -Jtmt Gilbert .White, submitting a choice oif dates for his proposed iMtare. ^ com plaint was received trom Mri. U-sMcB'atiaiie re tfoe tardy reeeipt of the various magazmes, and was referred fco the j^brwry ix>mmiitee, Mr Jarvis's suggestion that/& magazine register be opened, meeting with general approval. Areport from MrA -Humphrey, jtotte gas- pipesoft3ieb^dii^,'wasreferred to the Building Committee, with power to act. Xhe Finance Committee's report was received and adopted, and accounts amount ing to £5316» <5d passed for payment, on the motioa of Mr Plant, seconded by M"r Brif' Mr Vosper's application re tlie Qlxgality of tofttS Committee h«i «o 'fir.: fallen thMugh, ai i.hat gentle;iiaa Dad ' oegiectedfcolile thenecessaiynffidavit. Mr Jarvis tnoved that in future the Secretary' ettend all committee meetingBj. to take the minutes; that a draft minute book be op^«i3ai>dai>«ttyindaJir.e bookfor signature by numbers present, andthat the eecretary bring up a report each meeting of pro- ! ceedings during the .previous month. < 33ife WHS'S&conded; by Mr Plant and carried. It wasazreed4hatthe eeeretuy be instructed tb post tiie names of all- snbtctiheis in the noadingroom each week it was proposed by Mr Plant, eeesonded' by Mr .Ready and that the necessary amount of postage bp ^forwarded to all paperi, which have hiihieito been received free. Mr Turner moved that a bonus of £^0 lie voted to Mr on account of long sewice. 13iis was seconded by Mr Bright, and. earned. Mr Maguire.the newly appointedsecretazy was duly installed in office, after recei*ing in structions as to his duties from the hwilfliit it 'was arranged the books should be audited < up to date. lliis concluded the business. «re§(n : the,first jn^^wmt brated servicc, I which comprise Wghfceen illustrations. :' A Meeting of the rOoiiimittee «{ the Towers Pwtord Agricultural and Min ing iiwditiin was held « . lb JL W, Wilson's offices Jast evening. Present: Metam A. H. Pritchanl (chnumwh & Miller, G. ". Ogg, A. 3B: Bnglib, It.' Sjxkbride, B. Sayere, B. Toll, and t Bucilaud. The batineeswiw to appoints Secrelajy, there being three applicants.: After « brief diseumion, oil the motion of Mr Ogg, seconded by Mr .Hi. Buckland, Mr ; A. IKearswas unanimously appointed. An ij--' plicaHoD of a iMbous ;cbtiiBl«r,,in« n-; neitad, but the Cbiirmui ruled it out of oider. The tortnightly meeting of the Asso ciated Workers' Union "ma,s field at the,J Union Hall last night. tli» |i resident, Mr. T.i (livens, being in the chair. The minutea ^E the previous meeting were confirmed,' and i the conespandence read, the outward being approved of and the inward received. The correspondence was all of a, formal character, calling for no coiiment The Becretajy's rep^rtwaaread andreceived, and embodied '? in the report was the result of-Hie meeting on Saturday night with regard to the forming of a band in connection with t]xe union. The result was th«t a band of 14 players h>1 been formed, these baring-all necessary instruments with, tfreeieeption of ttie drum and euphonium. It'vu enggeritei%e Cnion might purchase ltheee, alBO & iaidcal journal for the band to commence practising with. It was deeided to empower the Secretary to receive subscrip tions towards the -purchase t>f the required instruments, and the matterof the musical journal was held over for a fortnight. Ac counts amounting ti £22 Is 3d were pa«ed for payment. t-ome difcasaon ensued upon"; die suggestions for amendment to the mining 1&W;>5, aadtherewas seme difference of opinion as to the ad visatilfinesf |of further moving in the .matter. MrGrant moved udlb Johnson seconded that a subcommittee of sevenbeappointed, with .power to- add to. their number, to mate suggestions on the Mining Begiilations. and deal with the amendments already euggeeted; to be sub mitted fcj Hie. full committee for approval This was carried, end the following Com mittee was appointed for the purpose : Messrs Grant, Pengelly, iFrtzsimmoos, John-, sou, Dawson, P. Fitzpatriek and Radford. It was decided that boys be advertised for to come and sell the Worker on Saturday Bights, the papers to be sold at publishing price and sellers to be allowed the usual trade commission- Discussion next ensued on the black labor question, and-Mr Johnson proposed that a public meeting be held on Sunday, under the auspices ot the AX IT. for the purpose of protesting'against tbe xe introduetion of Kanaka " labor This was seconded by Mr Power. It was considere < on further discussion that the object of the meeting ehonld be more to protest against the power of the present parliament to deal with the matter at all wi'Aout appealing to the country. Mr. 1 >nns£ord then moved, " Thst an anii-blick labormeeting be heliat Queen'on on Sunday afternoon under the auspices of the i.I/.F, and discussion invited/' This was seconded by Mr. Giant and carried, Mr. Johnson withdrawing his motion in its favor. It was decided that the i first motioi, namely, that the meeting de clares itself opposedto the re- introduitionot black labsr until the country bave area, their verdict, ehould be 'moved by Mr. Daw son and seconded by Mr. Radford, provided these gentlemen consented to do so. It was further decided that a. resolution protesting against the introduction of land grant raif wavs should be moved by Mr, Dill and seconded byMr. Grant. 