:-[>ANf!KP,Ol!S JOIvfXG. ✓ijVAU'J'IX wns tlic eldest son and liojic of ?*Mr. I.oicl, the Squire of Morton. Kis amiable disposition unci superior intel lect' procured for him universal love rtud esteem.'. Martin was a great favourite with the girls, old and young ; but he never showed any marked partiality to anyone until he became intimate with Isabella Ashton, the daughter of the clergyman. Isabella was young and the uiost thought le?s girl in the village She could have little sympathy with a person of such deep feelings and elevated intellect as Martin ; and,' beautiful as she was, it seemed strange that he should have given bis love to her. ? Martin and Isabella had been pointed out as lovers by villago gossips for several months; he was now nineteen, and she was of the same age, when the incident about to be related occurred. One evening Isabella had a social gather ing of young people at the house. Martin, of course, waa present, with the fairest youths and maidens; and the company enjoyed themselves freely with jests, songs, and social games. The hour .at which such parties usually broke up had already passed, when somo one foolishly mentioned the subject of ghosts, something of that description having been reported us haying been seen in the vicinity of the churchyard. "It. is n silly report," said Martin. Nobody can believe that, a ghost has really been seen there; and 1 doubt if. any person here believes in the existence of ghosts." " You dp yourself, you know you do, Martin, although you are ashamed to own it," cried Isabella; but Martin only : laughed. "Ccme.now," continued the thoughtless girl, " I can prove that you have some idea that such things may exist. Go lo the church yard alone in tho dark, and then declare, if you'can, that you felt no fear." .^..." And.what.would that.prove?'' /'.Why, you will be frightend, though you should -see nothing. Your fears would put your.belief to the test. HoiV could you be afraid "if you did not, feel that- there was something te be afraid pf?*" fl "I.do riot think ypur logic is the best iv tiiewprld," refilled Martin, laughing. " But I deny, in the first place, that a journey to the churchyard, even at midnight, would, frighten: 'mc in the least." .* V" Ha, ha I but you shall not escapese," dauglicd Isabella. " Here, before those, our .fi'leiids;.:! -premise that this ring shall be <~y6ura,">/Hl)o;c6ittinned, displaying one given dierJ'liyrt-'ari, ;old: lever, 'which Martin had f .desii'ed;hef'to part with, '"provided you go !;iq.'tlieicliurchyard alone, in the dark, and deware'piiiyour hPiiPur.when you return that )ypu werejtipt afraid." ?v-i said Martin, buttoning his >;i:^;{- : s* ; "'', Jr'";Aihl;as an evidence that yeu gp the iribire distance, yeu can bring back with yeu ?tlje irenbar which ypu will find close by the said Isabella. ?-,' Thustdriven by taunts to the commission of ri.fpliyVMartin tpok leave ef the cempany, fnllpf courage and spirit, and set out on his errand. \ He inarched steadily te tho church \--yard, stopped a moment tp gaze at the white tombstones gleaming faintly in the dark aud desolate, ground, for the stars shone brilli antly in the clear, cold sky—then taking up the bar of iron of which Isabella had spoken, set out to return. I He had proceeded about half way, when, iv tiie gloomiest part of theroad, he saw a white figure emerge from a clump of willows and come towards him. All Martin's strength of courage was gone in an instant. Courage give place to desperation ; his hair standing erect and hi? blood running chill wit'i horror, still he stood his ground. The ;*p?ctredrew nearer, seeming to grow whiter ,an' 3 larger as it approached. We cannot tell what frer.zy seized upon the brain of the unhappy youth at that moment. He raised the bar, and lushed upon the spectre. The guests at the clergyman's house heard; terrible screams. Dreading some tfcwifltc'termiiiation to the farce they rushed To'thc spot. They feund Martin kneeling on a prpstiate figure, his lingers clutching convulsively at its threat, while he still uttered frantic shrieks for help One of the young men forced Martin to relax his hold on the throat of the figure, whilst another tore away thefcldspf thosheetand disclosed tho bipod-stained features of Isabolla, dis torted .in death. Martin uttered an unearthly shriek and fell lifeless upon the corpse. He never spoko again, and lived but a few 'months, .to die an idiot. NEVER TELL A LIE. YotTNO man, never tell a lie ; especially if you happen to be a married man and yptir wife.ia v woman who knows 'whiit two and two make—6r, at all events, hardly over tell one. A lio may seem harmless enough at the time, but it will stick to you like wax. Listen to what George Washington Sploggs has to. suffer in consequence of a little fib lie once told. George had been out to supper at a bachelor friend's diggings, and, in the natural order of evonls, lie was off colour thoy'following .morning-ho had, in fact, aboufci a>No. 1) nausea, headache, und 'thlrs.t/v At breakfast his wife wondered wliyriie had no appetite for the nice f?t bacon!.'— rit, least, it would havo been nice? if it liadn't been rather cindcry on one side and not cooked on the other. And theii'Jio didn't lake his tea, and sho was sure,ho couldn't complain of its not being strong enough, for it had been stewing on tile hob for. three-quarters of *n hour.. And the iimrgarine wasn't so very strong but what a healthy man might have eaten the toast, So George had to explain, and he said lie didn't feel very well—rather bilioun ; he thought the salmon they had for supper last iiight hudn't agreed with him. -Now, this was tho lie. George didn't think auythiug'of the sort, and they hadn't liad'tiiiy salmon for supper. If ho had been '.well enough to think at all, ho would have known that it was that -last half glass of whisky. Brit he recklessly told the lie. Georgo struggled into'his"overcoat, aud after ujsperaLe endeavours managed to squeeze lus hat on lo his swollen head ;. and he went off to the oflice wondering why somebody didn't invent hat-horns on the principle of the shoe- horn. And Nemesis marked him for her own. Mrs. Sploggs saw through that lie in a twinkling, and she determined lo have her revenge for the deception George had tried lo impose upon her. This \n wlmt now happens: When George feels inclined to to have a little toddy at home before going to bed, Mrs. Splnggs will get, out the glasses and decanter, and put the kettle on the tire, and will ask : " Will you have any lemon in your salmon, George ':" When a friend comes in of a night to 3ee George, and George asks him to have a nip, Mrs. Sploggs always makes a point of asking the friend if ho likes his " salmon " hot or cold ; and then explanations havo to be given, which makes George .foel somewhat foolish like. And then,to crown all, she has coached up the slavey in the joke. Tho ether night, when tho der:u. ??;? was found to be empty, she rang for the girl, gave her somo money and told her lo go round to the " Golden Lion " for a bottle of thrte-and-sixpenny " salmon." Aud the girl grinned as she tool; the money and wont for it. Georgo ie beginning to think that the situation will remain unaltered until ho loins a BaDd of Hope and buys a few yards of blue ribbon. Magistrate (to prisoner) : " Havo you any remai ks to make ?" Prisoner (a barber): " Yes, your worship. Yourhnir wants outtiog." 