Amateur Concert« Á füll house greeted the performer's at the amateur concert at the Town Itali on Saturday last, and the entertainment, taken as a whole, gave general satisfaction. It would have been odd had it not done so, because the combination'of talent secured for the occasion by Mr. Hendry included the majority of local celebrities in the vocal and instrumental departments of concert life. With such accomplished exponents of piano- forte genius as Mrs. Harwood, Mrs. Oakes, and Miss Jones, to- say nothing of the indefatigable Mr. Maraun, a Palmerston audience is never likely to feel disappointed. It detracts nothing from the performance of the others to say that the solo by Mrs. Harwood (the prayer " Moses in Egitto,") was the musical treat of the evening, played as usual with infinite taste and masterly execution. The " Norma " duet by Mrs. Oakes and Mr. Maraun was very well ren- dered and received with applause* This lady came before us for the first time, and it must be confessed her performance gained for her a public confirmation of a reputation for musical ability which was only known to the few previously. Perhaps she might have given even greater satisfaction had the piece been a solo instead of a duet, because if we may be permitted to express an opinion on such a delicate matter, we fancy that ladies (or gentlemen, for that matter) who are high up in the art, always show to greater advantage when performing alone. That Mrs. Oakes is a finished player there can be no manner- of doubt. The duet for piduo and violin by Miss and Mr. Jones was something quite fresh to the audience, and the reception that it gained showed that a repetition at any future entertainment will be heartily welcomed. And we might add that the addition of Mr. Jones and his violin to the "orchestra " in the second part would have been a decided improvement. With respect to the singing in the first part of the programme, the comic element scored the beat tricks, and Mr. Carbery headed the poll with " I'm Getting Too Old for it Now," a character sketch which downed the house, and was followed up after a lightning change by another equally good one called " The Frenchman," for which he was also vehemently applauded. His make-up in each instance was irreproachable, and his performance was up to Ids best form, which is quite enough to say at once. Mr. G. H. Sims as " The Longshoreman '. came to the footlights amidst a roar of laughter-always a good beginning and the wave of cachin ation was kept up to the end of the song, when the audience called him back again to have another look at him, and laugh again, and Mr. Sims, with the good nature of a sailor cheerfully responded. His outfit was a " stunner," and the character sketch was one of his best successes in comic singing. Mr. Peggs rendered a music hall ditty called for the occasion ** A Dream of Palmer- ston Town Hall," which was well favored. In the sentimental department Mr. F. A. Price gave a capital rendering of the difficult composition " Dear Heart," and " Old Madrid," by Mr. R. J, Beckwith, waa also a very creditable performance, but the quartette in which Messrs. Harwood, Price, Beckwith, and Coombes engaged was not so pleasing as some we have heard, while Mr. Glyde's " Queen of the Earth " was good though not free of fault9.. That part of the show which was devoted to Christy minstrelsy secured on the whole quite a flattering degree of approbation. The gems of this collection of songs were given by Messrs. Price, Harwood, and Sims, and the contributions from the corner men, Messrs. Freer and Peggs. It was the first appear- ance of the latter in the position of First Tambo, but he was quite at home in the character, and was honored by an encore for "Daphne." " Anniebody's Rooney," a take-off of the much- slaughtered original, was handled by Mr. Freer as "Bones " in that perfect style which is inseparable from him in such situations. Mr. Glyde and Mr. Coombes also contributed songs, and in.the finale Mr. Peggs had another score for comic work and brought the curtain down to a house of smiling faces indelibly branded "satisfaction.-* " An old stage identity in Mr. A. A. Lewis was interlocutor for the occasion, and conducted the chair of state in a manner that would secure him a high premium as president of the distinguished Lime Kiln Club. Mr. Black assisted with the bones, and Mr. Price supported Tambo and the musical portion of the nigger circle was catered by Mr. Maraun (piano) and Mr. Mayhew (cornet). We do not propose on this occasion to compliment the lion, sec, Mr. J. C. Hendry. \Ve are growing weary of commending his excellent virtues to the notice of the public. We want him to do something rash, absurd,, idiotic -anything ~so that we can rub his hair the wrong way. Up to date we haven't had a chance. He goes in smiling through thick and thin, all energy and go, and the public seem to follow him and say after each effort : " Well done, thou good and faithful servant. May the ghost of adversity never, strike you on the 4 mark ' ". 