^ . CONCENTRATES. '."'" The circulation of thia BABBIES HOIEB for the month ending'yesterday reached 140,000 copies, oeing an average daily issue of 5185. \- CardinalManningand Cardinal Simeon!, who died , on the tame day, were also elevated ta the rank of Cardinal on the same day (in 1875). The beac description of the feelings with which befogged Londoners hailed the return of daylight on Saturday, the 26th February, ia that of the London correspondent bf the Independence Beige, who compares them to those of Stanley and' his party as they emerged from the sinister gloom of the Aruwhimi Forest. A gentle stream of electricity passed by; wire through-the roots of plants quickens their growth and electrified seeds develop twice as fast as others. Madame Sara -Bernhardt has added literature to her varied accomplishments. She has published a charming ghost story in a San Francisco iournal. There is in Newark, New Jersey (U.S.A.), a sign over the street in one of the worst parts of the city :-" Lodging and a Drink of Whisky' in' the Morning for Ten Cents." The very latest theory in Homeric criticism waa that propounded by Mr. .Samuel Butler, in a recant lecture at the Working Men's College, London, on " The Humor of Homer." As. far as the Biad ia concerned, Mr. Butler is orthodox enough. But as " for the Odyssey, Mr. Butler holds (according -to the Pall Mall Gazette) not merely, (as half the world does} that it was . written by another author than that of the Iliad, but also that it waa by an author of a different sex.; The Odyssey, we are told, was written by a woman-for this ungallant reason among others, that it was written by somebody who didn't know what she was talking about ! The following is a definition of Home Rule by Mr. Asquith, Q C., M.P.: "He meant by Home Bule, in its appli- cation to Ireland-and it was a principle that was capable of a much wider applica- tion-the granting by the Imperial Par- liament to the Iribb. people of a legisture and executive of their own with full powers to deal with and dispose of all matters that concerned .the Irish people and the Irish people alone, subject to the conditions that the Imperial Parliament ac Westminster shall retain in all its integrity a paramount and indefeasible authority byer every part of her Majesty's dominions." . The lato Very Rev. : Anthony Ander ledy. General of the Jesuits, was the,only incumbent of that high office who ever did missionary duty in America. He was driven from Europe by the Revolution of 1818, befare his studies were completed, and came to St. Louis University, where he finished his course, and was ordained to the priesthood the following year by Archbishop Kenrick. He served for about two years thereafter on the mission ot Wisconsin. His tenure of tho office of General was brief as compared with that of-his predecessor, Father Beckr, who governed the society for 34 years. A.. Maori claimed, in one of the land courts, to be lawful owner of a certain plot, and concluded his pleading by ask- ing, " Where ate my ancestors buried but on this land, where I was born and brought up ? " When he had ended, the rival claimant, an old Maori, rose, and said : " He asks where are his ancestors buried 1 I tell him, and show him Here, here!" (patting his stomach with his left hand) ; " his ancestors are buried here.' late them-and that is my title to tho land." It is stated that Cardinal Moran is engaged on a new work, "The History of the Church in Australia," the first part of which is now in the hands of the printer, and will be published early in 1893. New stock men's boots. H. H Hart* : Going ahead-TM Menes's circula- tion. ' 