CONFERENCE TEMPERANCE MEETING. The Temperance Meeting at the Cen .tenary Hall on Wednesday night was a decided success, in spite of the heavy rain. The small number of ministers present was explained by the fact that the Conference through stress of busi-j ness was- holding a session in another' ? _ . i. - t* j_ I _ _ . 1 ? ? 1 ? niL - * ? ? . paru oi THie Duiicung. jl ne singing was hearty and well led by the choir of the William-street Church. After- prayer by the Rev. R. Bavin, the Chairman, the Rev. James A. Nolan, who presided in the necessary absence of the Presi dent, gave an interesting and effective speech. He said that the Methodist preachers were almost to a man tee totallers, and that the Methodist church was now really awake and alive on the great question of temperance reform. It was often said that the churchcs had no sympathy with social questions, but so far from this being the case, they were in the very forefront of all efforts to raise the fallen and bless the land, by Bands of Hope, by social reform, by influencing public opinion, and by direct representation in Parliament. The churches were doing a great work and were thus adding their great strength to the temperance cause, which he fully believed - was soon to be a triumphant cause. The Chairman called upon the Rev. J. Woodhouse to propose the -following resolution — ' That this meeting believ ing in the right of the people to legislate on the drink traffic, and realising the great necessity of such legislation, urges upon the present Government the speedy passing of a Full Local Option Bill.' The speaker said he was not a specialist on the drink question, but it did not need a specialist to see and oppose the evils of the drink traffic. He thanked God for the great temperance workers past and present — for Dr. Richardson, the medical specialist ; for Sir W. Law son, the political specialist ; for Charles Garrett, the religious specialist j and for the noble women .workers of the White Ribbon Army. The resolution spoke of the right of the people to legislate on the drink traffic. None could dispute that. The people have the right. Christians were only just beginning to understand this, and claim their privi lege — the neccessity for such legislation. Such legislation could not come from the publican party. Publicans were too much intestecl in increasing the demand for drink. They were not likely to attempt anything in the way of stopping supply. The victims of intemperance were unable to do it, much as they need help. Thus all effort of this kind is left to the Christian and temperance people to effect. Mr. Woodhouse showed that this could only be done by securing the strong arm of the Government on the side of distressed humanity. We look to the Government for legislation upon all other matters, why not on this, per haps, the most crying need of the age. The speaker concluded a vigorous speech by showing that drink stands in the way of religious progress in the land ; that it tends to destroy the sanctities of the . Sabbath day ? that it deadens -and destroys all natural feeling, and last, and worst of all, destroys the soul. He said we should not bring down our prin ciples to the people, but bring the people up to our principles. The resolution was ably seconded by Jacob Garrard Esq, M.L.A., an old and well tried friend of temperance. Mr. Garrard was received with great ap plause. He pleaded the pressure of public business for not having any very new matter to bring before the people, regretted the wet night and then plunged into the subject. He claimed that the Methodist Church was first of all the churches on the Temperance question ; that tlie Methodist ministers were very pronounced in their example and advocacy, and not a whit behind the most earnest laymen. He looked back 20 years and noted the wonderful pro gress of the Temperance cause. Among the ironworkers twenty years ago a teetotaller was almost unknown, now a large minority of the ironworkers of Sydney were on the temperance side. The. most effective leaders in social reform . and industrial questions were temperance men. He would remind the audience how much the country owed to. Sir Henry Parkes as a legislator on temperance questions. The work he had done, and the principle of local option he had given tlie country, were the nucleus of that full local option for which we were asking to-day. The Act which he gave the country put great power into the hands 'of the people, and when it was passed the licensed victuallers violently opposed it. He wished to tell them that . the overthrow of the late Government, in his judgment, had put back temperance legislation two years. He spoke of the question in relation to women's franchise,, and urgently pleaded the right of women to vote on a ques tion which was so vital to her, and said he would be willing to leave the deciding of the drink question in her hands. The speaker urged extreme teetotallers not to regret local option now for prohibi tion, as the country was not ripe for such a large measure yet. If we cannot get rid of all the public-houses, do not let us refuse to get rid of some. They will all go some day, but that day is a good distance ahead. After the resolution was put and car ried and a hymn sung, the 'Rev. W. Jeffries, of Warwick, addressed the meet ing. He began with a peculiarly effec tive quotation from the. Anglican Liturgy, and went on to say that we had much to do, and should begin to answer our own prayers by doing what we could to raise the fallen. There were many aspects of the subject, and he would endeavour to look on the bright side of the temperance question. He referred to the great work which had been accomplished in Queensland, and instanced the fact of the splendid Local Option Act in operation there. He also spoke of the teaching of temperance subjects in the Public Schools of Queens land, vhich was brought about by the energy and enterprise of the Women's Christian Temperance Union. Passing on, the speaker showed how the cause of temperance had triumphed over ignor ance, how the ghosts of old fallacies in the medical profession have passed away, and how the medical science of to-day takes its place as an intelligent advocate of temperance. The cause has 'tri umphed, too, over prejudice. In the speaker's early life lie had seen much opposition, even in Christian homes. In toxicants were thought necessary to hos pitality. Charles Garrett was reproved by his Class Leader, and warned that he would lose his way to heaven by becom ing a teetotaller. If in those early days the Christian Church had only been awake, as she is now, the evils of intemperance would almost have been unknown to-day. He gladly testified that the church in these lands was in advance of the church at home on this great question He was saddened at the lapses which the tem perance cause suffered. Often the cause had suffered reverses just on the eve of great victory. It reminded him of a certain ruler who always held out when he ought to give in, and gave in when he should have held out. Drink is an enemy with many tactics. It frowns, threatens, fawns and cringes by turns, but we must give it no quarter. When we have the power put into our hands we must strike. If we do not smite when we have the power, it will rise and overcome us. The full Local Option Bill is the power we want, let us get that power in our hands, and then in Christ's name, use it in behalf of the suffering, and against the oppressor. The speaker concluded a most telling speech by urging all present ' to nail their colours to the mast.' The Rev. J. S. Austin was then called upon to address the meeting. He spoke of the vast importance of the subject, its wide influence affecting all nations and all classes, high and low, rich and poor, cultured and plebeian. Drink has its victims everywhere, and thai; which is so universally harmful requires the service and help of all right-minded, true-souled workers to overthrow it. Many are thus a', work. There is the work among the children. Our Bands of hope are doing a g'eat work. Tem perance societies and temperance litera ture are influencing public opinion, and helping to bring into existence legisla tive measures which are intended to. lessen the evils of intemperance. Great good has been done by the .Municipal Local Option Act. By it hundreds of houses have been prevented from ob taining licences, and whole neighbour hoods have been kept free from the contaminating influence of Public Houses. The speaker went on to speak of the power of magistrates to refuse licenses without compensation, and in stanced the case of Sharp v Wakefield, tried in the highest courts of England, in which the right of magistrates to re fuse licenses Avithout compensation, was triumphantly demonstrated and since then that 231 licenses have been refused by the magistrates at home. The speaker after urging 'the people to use their privilege as citizens, Christian citizens, in voting, told a sad story of five noble,; educated young men, in one family,, three of whom were ' killed, while intoxicated, and two who died through the effects of drink. Then concluded a good speech with an urgent plea for all to take their. stand' on the side of temperance. 