HE WASN'T A 0C1IP OF THE OULD BLOCK. Mr Flnaegn : "O1 don't know phwat 01 well do wid me bye ioky. Faith, he' a bad young epalpen" Mr O'lourka : "Phwal hen he been alto doin' I" r Flanagan: BoSure he Lim bomse ut noiht rollin' a beer keg that he'd lthole from the saloon avr the Dootehmon be. yant." Mr O'.murke: "?ure's be's a eliler bye Is Micky," Mr Flanagan : "That's phrat Oi t'ought, an' OI was just after tellin' him he wae chip aV the onld block, when Oi discovered the keg wit empty." Mr 0' llourke : 'Of hope ye teached Mba a lesson for Ihavin'?" Mr Flanagan: " Begobs, 01 this , ha's a howlin' yet from the bhetia' I gin: him." A painstaking mn-a dentist. Startling igures-ghosts. A horse may pull with all its might, but never with its mane. Lisp Year- Rsealie : "What did Jack may when you proposed to him t" Orace: "He was too frightened to say anything-so silence gave consent." When a wasberaoman changes her plate of residence, one may ask her " where she hangs out now" without using slang. Ancientlemale : " How muoh would you take me for?" Cute Photographer: "About twenty feor mom." lie got the job. A poet sb : "What is warmer thban a woman's love ?" We infer that he never picked up a newly-olined horse shot flesh from tho forge. D~Igistrato: "If 1 let you off this time will you tproelse not to come back here again ?" l'isoner: " Yes, sir. The fact is, I didn't come voluntarily this time." lie (very tenderly): "Darling, you are the only girl I ever loved." She (coquettishly): "Oh, pehaw I You san't imagine how much fun you have missed." " Waiter, this steak is mush emaller than the one I had yesterday. How's that ?" "Oh, it comes from a smaller or." " You may I was born in London, pa. Where was mother born?" " In Dublin." " And where were you bo:n, p l" " In Gloucester." ' It's very strange, pa, isn't it, that we three should have met 7" He : " Mildred, will you be my wife ?' She: " Well, net to-day." Hlie : " Oh. Mildred, how can you speak so tlippently " Shei: lFlippatly ? IHow do you sup pore I could possibly be your wife today 1 I should want at least two weeks to get ready in." A young dandy, from the town, ones made the acquainlatne of sprettyand lovely milkmaid, and being greatly cnamoured with her obarms, he went to the farmhouse where dwelt his divinity, for the purpose of seeing hbor. Not knowing the creature's name- for, like all dhrts she had given him some half dozen different ones- he asked the sour looking man who was slokilog manure in the yard 'D ow's the milk maid 1" The man did not think he was referriog to Mary, the milkmaid, but only meant Iooling him, so he replied " My young buck, us don't make our milk -no gets it from the cowe." Alexander Daoms was one diy the guest of Dr Gietal, a leading pratlitioner in Marseilles. After dinner, while the coffee was being banded round, the boat requested the great novelista to enrich hie album with one of his witty Improvisations. "oertainly,' replied Dumas, with asmale; aond drawing oat a penol, he wrote, under the eyes of hi sntertlainer, the following linee Binoe Dr Gletal amoe to our town To ours diseases oseual and hereditary, The hospital has been pulled down - " You flatterer I" exnlaimed the doolor, mightily pleased; but the poet wont on And we have made a larger cometery," Ir Feeder : " This vest wants to be a little larger round the waist, Schneider." SYhneider : "But it fits you perleotly now, sir," nr Feceder: " I know it fits all right now, but I am ordering this suit to weasat dinners," Married in white, you have chosen all right. Marriod in grey,you will go far away; Marrieod in bloak, you will wish yourtell batk ; blarrid in red, you will vieh yoursell dead ; Married it ,eoeu,, afraid to be seen; Malriou In blue, he will always be true; ,l,,..oad in pearl, you will live in a whirl; Married in yellow, ashamed of your follow ; lMarried In briwn, you will live out of towd in i Monrled in pink, your spirit will slnk', 