Peter Jackson. Jackson is a native 6f the West Indies, and was born in 1861, being therefore 31 years of age. ; He stands 6ft, lin, in height, und his walking or untrained weight 210lb. (nearly l6at.). He is a powerful-looking -IllUaUUlUl' BJJOUllllt-'il IU oaiii «» nieiisions nro:— Chest, 40iu.; bicops, 15iin.j ;forcarm, 14Jin.; calf, lUin.j thigh,- 24Jin. He was initiated into the science of boxing in Sydney about 12 years ago. At first ho .was a chopping block for the. clover boxers, but ho had a real love . for the noble art, and it was not long before he showed that great agility and cunning for which Jjc subsequently made himselt famouB, He first won glory at- Foley's White Horse gymnasium, and Mr. Foley, tho then cham pion, recognising the prowess of his pupil, handed over to him the belt, emblematic of the championship of Australia. Jack Hayes was the first to try out Jackson. A stub born fight resulted in a draw, but on a second match being made Hayes fared badly, being clean knocked ont in the seventh round. A big . fellow, yclept Sam Britton, was the next to face Peter, who showed great improvement; Sam being put to rest inside six rounds. He had other fights in Sydney at Foley's, beating the best men in Sydney. A match was made for the cham pionship with sturdy Billy Farnan, who has ;<ince joined tho great majority, for £100 aside and the championship. Farnan found out the colored man's weak spot in the seventh ronnd, a blow in the stomach com pletely disposing of him. Farnan, it iB interesting to note, was later on decisively beaten by Slavin. Tbe thoughts of his downfall at the hands of Farnan rankled in Jackson's mind, and a second trial of skill and endurance was arranged. Tboy met again, and when Farnan was getting all the worst of tho deoi— in fact, whilst ho was boing knocked out, hiB maddened partisans rushed the' ring and robbed Peter of his revenge. .. Mick Dooley was thought to be . Peter's equal, arid tho pair met in Sydney. Poter, however, easily outclassed Dooley, who 'cried "poccavi" after tl)e third round. - Tom Lees later on measured strength ' with Jackson, but the fight re sembled a running match, Peter being on scratch. After an hour and a half's sprint ing round tho roped enclosure Jackson was declared the winner. Jack Burke, "thd -Irish lad," now arrived in Australia, but efforts to make a match between him and Jackson failed, the uew arrival being any thing b'utanxiou. for thofray. Jackson had been trying for some time fo make a match with Slavin,. but no satisfactory termB could be made, and then Peter left tho land of his adoption to seek fresh fields and pastures nowi Be found them and made bis name famous all the world over. On his arrival in the land of the Yankee, where a strong prejudice exists against men of color, Jackson found that he had grave difficulties in front of- him. He would have to fight niggers first, he was told. George Godfrey, of, Boston, a brawny black, was pitted against him iu the California Club, San FranciBco, but George had not the ghost of a show, though he tried bard to win. Peter was now thought good enough for a whito man, and accordingly big Joe M'Auliffe, " the Mission Bey," and champion of the Pacific Slope, was matched against bim. After a well-contested battlo, lasting 24 rcundB, the pride of California was knocked out. Slavin beat the same boxer in London in two . rounds with a terrifio left- handed punch on the jaw. Patsy Cardiff, another Hercules, was put forward to stop tho Australian's victorious- march, but ho lived with the sable heavy-weight only 10 .rounds. Jackson then started touring, and there was scarcely a man able to last two or threo rounds with him. Ho crossed to Eng land and beat Jem Sihith, the then cham pion of England, in three rounds, Smith throwing him and losing on a foul. Ho afterwards returned to Australia, but bis star had evidently become bedimmed, and Goddard nearly beat him in an eight- round encounter in Melbourne. His last big fight previous to his meeting with. Siavin was with JimCorbott, the Californian heavy-weight, the twain fighting a 60-round or four hours' draw. J ackson is not near Buch a hard hitter as Slavin, but is a great general in the ring, and is constant in his visita tions. He hits straight from the shoulder and with lightning speed. He is tricky on his feet, ana has a good defence. 