THE GARDEN. ORCHIDS. It is'strange that so few of 'our wealtny colonist* have eo far cultivated; theee 'wonaw ful andstagularly beautiful plants. That wiUgrowweU her® is evident by those to M seen in the houses at -tbe'lJotanio Gardens and' sometimeiin the florists' windows. Mr. Newman at Houghton points with pride to a certain portion of his hothohse,, and remarks that they " can get almbst'fcny orchid ( to gww there." . Mr. Sewell has-been .singularly successful with his rooent importatioiiB of orchids; and the loan cblleotito from the Gardens at the last Show was ar&retreat; for all lovers of these flowers. But there . orchid cultare seems to end Bo far as South Australia is concerned, though' there'-is no sufficient reason for such indifference. -Many colonists possess glasshouses, and some of the most beautiful orchids can be successfully cul tivated iu a winter temperature at night of 45° to 65°. Our summer temperature is presumably warm enough for any orchid that is likely to find its way to Adelaide; for in the "East Indian House" orchids thrive in a day temperature of 75° to 90° during the summer months. Of course some one will say that orchids are far too expensive to be cultivated by any, but our most wealthy colonists; and certainly the prices asked for those obtainable here sue alarming. One recently described is offered at £6 5b., and most of us would think twice before buying even that beautiful Odon toglossum at that price. In excuse for suoh charges it may, however, be urged that orchids take some time to recover from the change of climate and the voyage from England, and sometimes die on the journey. Another trouble was thus stated: - " We ordered twenty Phalaenopsis of a oertain va riety from ,the Philippine Islands, and only' one of the twenty was the kind we wanted." The others were very : pretty, but it must have been annoying to be co disappointed, and the one Phalaenopsis could not be sold as oheaply as the importer intended to sell it. Here are the nameB of those which can be cultivated in what is called the "Peruvian House," meaning one where the summer tem perature ranges from 70° during the day to 60° at night. The winter temperature at night )b allowed to fall as low as 45° during the coldest weather, and that degree of heat t-hould not be difficult to secure in this colony. Ada aurantiaca; Anguloa Olowesii, A. cburnea, A. Ruckerii, A. uniflora, Cattleya citrina,Coelogyneodoratissima, C.Gardneriana, Cypripedium acaule, 0. calceolus, C. pubescens, C. insigne, 0. spectabile, C. trapaenum, O. Macranthum,1 C. venustum; Dendrobium Hillii, D. speciosum; Epidendrum Barkeria, E. Lindleyanum, E. vitellinum majus; Laelia albida, L. ancepB and its varieties, L. autumnalis, Tj.majalis, L. superbiens; Lyoaste Deppei, L. Harrisoniae, Ii. Bkinnerii; Masde vallia coocinea, M. Haxiyana, M. ignea, M. Lindenii, M. maculata, M. Tovarensis, M. Veitchiana; Mesospinidium Banguineum, M. vulcanicum; Odontoglossum graride, and a ecore more varieties, many of them exceedingly beautiful ; Onoidium Barkerii, bifolium, cucul latum, excavatum, leucochilum, maoranthum, phalaenopsis, serratum, soviatum; Palumbina Candida; Stanhopea grandiflora, and a dozen other varieties of this orchid, one of which was recently exhibited in the Aroade. The above list is from a book published in 1890, and differs from the list of "cool house" orchids given in the " Dictionary of Gardening" but very slightly. It will quickly be seen that two or three orders of orohidaceous plants do not enjoy a high degree of heat even in summer, while they contain some of the most pleasing forms of floral life. To most of us, however, the list is merely words whioh we used to be told were "signs of our ideas," but now a-days nameB are said to be invented to conceal thoughts rather than to express them. Let ub take three or four from the lint, and describe them as they appear to the ordinary eye, rather than in the terms used by botanists. Cypripedium insigne is very easy to cultivate, and not ex pensive. Under the name of the Lady's (Slipper it is very familiar to many of us, and it is readily increased by division of the root Ftcms. The flowers appear singly on long stems between the strap-shaped leaveB, and are often 5 in. across, yellowish-green in eolour, streaked with fine lines of reddiBh-brown, the pouch-like l'ps being tawny-yellow with a paler shade within. Cypripedium Harri sianum is said to like _ a higher temperature, but it has bloomed with us in the same house as C. inBigne; and C. Hookerae is valuable for its variegated leaves, as well as its flower containing brown, purple, and yellow tints. There are several choice Cypripediums in tbe houses at the Gardens, and they retain their beauty for three or four weeks. Dandrobium Hillii iB a native of New South Wales, and many plants were recently sold here at auction, one of which was secured for eevenpence. This orchid is quite happy in my care, and has one very healthy shoot, and many new roots. In " Orchids for Amateurs" it is stated that "a plant which blossomed in the cool orchid-house at £ewin 1873 produoed twenty flower spikes, each measuring from 18 to 21 in. in length, the number of individual flowers being over 2,500." It must have been a gorgeous sight, with its waxy white flowers speckled or tinged with blue. All the Dendrobiums are very beantiful, one, Dnobile, thriv ing with us without special care, though in England it is placed among those requiring warm treatment. Another D. thyrsi florum ?was exhibited at a bulb Show in viotoria last September, and was a masB of beautiful amber flowers. Cattleya citrina is placed in the above list as the only variety which does not need a high degree of warmth. It is, as its name im plies, of a lemon colour, and those of UB who saw C. crispa at the last Show can only wish it were obtainable here at some reasonable price. C. Dowiana is also grown, in the houaeB at the Gardens, and thoi'gh said to require stove treatment it is plaoea in the same list as C. Eldorado, of which a young plant la growing vigorously with us, Lselia differs from the genus cattleya "in the flowers having eight pollen masses instead ot four," which is a distinction only appreciable by botanists. To amateurs Lslia commends itself as requiring less heat -n winter than its near relative, and L. anceps leaves little to be desired by its fortunate owner. The pseudo - bulbs are oval-shaped, with curious, almost angular edges; the leaveB are bright shining green, tbe flower purplish rose, with a deep lip of a darker purple, shaded with rose. The scape bean from three to six flowers, and the plant is a native of Guatemala and Mexico. Masderallia Toyarensis is included among " ooolhouse orchids" by Messrs. James Britten, F.L.S., and W. H. Gower, and its -flowers are strikingly beautiful. " The peduncle springs from the base of, and iBalittle longer than, the leaves, bearing a pair of snow-white flowers of a remarkable and dis tinct form. One seen at Houghton was close to a Masderallia ni^rescens, being considerably larger sod handaomer than its stoat-coloured neighbour. The varieties of Odontoglossum may for purposes of cultivation lie divided, into two groups, comprising-(1) those epeoiee which require a winter temperature not lower than 50 , and (2) those which will endure oold as severe as 40° daring the night. There are said to be over a hundred species, those seen here being O. grande, .with handsome yellow flowers barred with brown; O. Bossii,[and O. pulebellum majus, which should be a great favourite from its bearing masses of pure white flowers, whioh are very fragrant. Falumbina Candida has reoeived its name from its. fancied resemblance to flying doves. It is pure white, and there are .three or four flowers on each stem. Another orohid, which has a name somewhat similarly bestowed, re nins a warmer ^temperature than Palumbina, but iB not difficult to cultivate. Peristeria elata, Dove, or Holy Ghost flower, has blooms which bear a remarkable resemblance to a dove sitting in her nest, and has been exhibited in Adelaide. The plant doeB not seem to be deli cate, and its growth is rapid and vigorous, well repaying what little care it needs. Perhaps the most familiar and popular of the "coolhouse" orchids is Lycaste Skinnerii, which certainly deserves to be more generally cultivated. The pseudo-bulbs are dark green, bearing a single, long, broad, and dark green plaited leaf. The flower spike arses independently of the leaves, and the bloom differs in cint on different plantB. The sepals are each two or three inches long, of a waxy white hue, while the cup-like corolla is tinged with rosy red. The plant is a native of Guatemala, where it first attracted notice from its employment in the decoration of altars in the Ohurches. There are many other interesting orchids to be seen in this colony, some needing a greater degree of warmth than others, but all excusing the admiration whioh has earned for some cul tivators the title of "orohid maniacs." Aerides, Calanthe, Miltonia, Oneidium, and many more have representatives here which amply repay a visit to the Botanic Gardens or the florists' nurseries, and those who have seen a Phalaenopsis Schillerianum in all its wonder ful beauty will hardly grudge its cost. Of less expensive orchidB Trichopilia suavis is one of the most beautiful, since its large fragrant white flowers continue in perfection for some weeks, and are produced in great profusion upon short stalks issuing from the base of the dark eteen nseudo-bulbs. J. A. S. 