Bob Martin's Little GirL A NOVEL By David Christie Mtteray, Author of ' Joseph's Coat.' 'Aunt Rachel,' 'Bainbow Gold,' &c.; [All Eights Resebved.] CHAPTER XXVL ' A story to demand a double pity for the listener.' ' Dom entered, a- trifle pale and ^prodigi ously grave. He glanced with a loot of surprise at Potter, and lifted warning eyebrows at Redwood, asr if jbe would advise him to say nothing, in .that pres ence. ' After what happened between yon -and me the night bef or« last,' said Redwood, ' it's rather appropriate that you should come at this moment. Potter here has been telling me a very curious story. Tell it again, Sam, Perhaps Monsieur Dom may be able to make something of it. I confess I can't.' Sam, leaning forward on the sofa, still held the little Japanese nitchki in his angers, turning it hither and thither, and seeming to observe it with minute care. In that attitude he retold his story. George was forced to notice a grave lucidity in this second relation not at all characteristic of Potter's ordinary method of speech, which was involved and labored. 'There it is,' he said, when he had finished, ' Master George is puzzled to know what he done it for, and so am I.' ' And so am I not,' said Dom, to the great surprise of both. ' Let me ask you a question, Mr. Pottare.' ' Yes,' Baid Sam laconically, ' Fire away.' ' You thought this villain dead?' ' Of course I did.' ' Was there anybody at that time who, to your knowledge and belief, supposed him to be alive ?' ?*' Say that again,' said Sam. ' Did everybody believe him to be dead ?' ' Yes, everybody. His death was in the papers. He'd been given up for dead for pretty nigh on two months.' ' That is the last link in my chain,' said JDom. ' If I had known this last night I could have confounded him.' ' For heaven's sake, Monsieur Dom,' cried George, ' don't let us walk in mystery any longer. I have a stake in the matter, and I have a right to understand.' I ' Patience, my poor young friend,' answered Dom, ?? you -will know only too Eoon.' ' You believe this story,' George ? whis- j pered, drawing him aside. ' I believe it unreservedly,' Dom an swered. ' 1 have reason for believing it. I have thought it all over all night and all j day. You shall know everything I can tell you, but not here. You must come to my house, and .there we can talk in quiet. 'What I shall have to tell you is for your ear alone.' ' Sam,' said Redwood, ' Monsieur Dom has something of great importance to say to me. You don't mind our leaving, you ?' ' No,' Sam returned. 'Do your own: business, Master George, I Bhall be glad to get home and have a talk with 'Tilda.' The three left the house together and walked in silence until their ways parted, when they shook' hands and went their separate roads. As Dom entered his own lamp-lit room, Oeorge coald see that he was terribly agitated. His hands trembled. His features twitched, and his ey-es were full of a gloomy trouble and resolve. He i locked the door, and pouring out a -wine- i glassful of neat cognac, pushed it cross ? the table. 'You had better drink that,' he said. ! ' You may find that you will need it.' j *' No,' George answered, ' I'll have no: j Dutch courage.' ' You had better take it,' Dom urged,1 but his companion refused a second time with an impatient anger. ' Then sit down and gather all your strength, for yon will need it.' George obeyed the injunction to be seated, and braced himself to meet what ever might be preluded by these menacing words. ' I shall pain you, any dear boy,' said Dom, with a profound pity in his voice.' M I shall pain yon terribly, but I cannot help it. Yon know the manner of your father's death?' j George tried to answer in the affirms- ! tive, but his voice refused to obey bis wilL He nodded, therefore, and sat in awful ex pectations, not as yet knowing what to ; fear. ' j ' Hie murderer,' Dom pursued, ' was be- j lieved to have borne the same name as my self. He passed utterly oat of sight at the time of the murder, and has never been jaeard of since.' : *« I know,' George answered, in a grating (voice, bo unlike ? his own that it startled him. ' Now, as I am a sinful man,' said Dom, speaking with profound solemnity, ' and as I hope for mercy, I tell you that I know your father's murderer.' ; Redwood fell back in his chair and glared at him, unable to articulate a 'word. Dom took up the glass of cognac and made a motion towards him, but he waved it away with a wild gesture. Dom slowly and reluctantly set down the glass again, his troubled eyes fixed observantly on George's face. ' Can you bear it? Shall I tell you? Do you guess F' t 'Don't tell me yet,' George gasped, with a great effort, and seeing the glass he had so recently rejected, drained it and set it back uoon the table. ' Now. Go on.' ' I know, as surely; as ;I know that -we are here, thjjt John Hetheridge was the author of yonx father's death.' Redwood'a^face sank into his hand, and there was dead silenee for a long lime, M How do you know it?' Redwood asked at last. '????? ' I will tell 70a,' Doai responSea, He teaeed his own suspicions f torn their first inception in his mind, and George listened in absolute sHeaee, sitting like » statue. The safrative emitted aetbiBgf and by too time its m3L was fSfl6li«4 looked horribly eoBvineisg, -.,' ? The lietaeet'g fe&ifl; &&& -*it *»p&»#t ifc it wflfl uapm&m;^mtmm'fftim&m;&iM; ba ttw srordsrez et %$g mm, -I* ira§ £00 appalHsg te *-# 1-et&vad;, m% f&} m en ?wfeffo'Mi hmri peB-Aimatd.y ?&seb;»& it, his mimd more than half 'accepted the Btory, and the inward conflict produced an actual physical nausea which threatened to benumb both thought and feeling. The crime with which Potter had charged Hetheridge had seemed so motiveless as to be incredible, but Doin's suspicions .cast a glare of light across it. The two accusa tions, coming one upon another from quarters so remote, and fitting into each other bo remarkably, seemed at moments to strike protest dumb. He knew that if -the revelations of that night had been made to him under other circumstances they would have led him to devote his life to their proof or disproof, and that it was only the intervening thought of the pure and innocent girl to whom he had pledged his troth which held him back from a cre dence almost complete. He looked up at length and his face -was old and haggard. A dry film seemed drawn across Mb eyes and he could see but dimly. With- a great effort he forced himself to rise and speak. ' You could have done no lest than tell me,' he began. Tears were running silently down the old Frenchman's face as he clasped Redwood's outstretched hands in his own. ' It was impossible to keep silence, but I don't believe it all the same until I know more about it. My mind's made up. It's good-bje between Ellice and me, unless I can prove her father's innocence. I can't try to disguise the guilt of my own father's murderer, but I won't wreck my own life for a mere fancy. I must sift this matter to the bottom, Dom. 1 shall go and face this man with Potter in the morning and hear what he has to say.' Dom approved of this proposal, and they sat down to advise about it. ' I daro not face my mother,' said George. ' You muss tell her for me that I have business of the utmost importance which has taken me away to London. I can get a trap at the Weybridge Arms, and drive over to Colchester to-night, so as to be in time for the morning mail from Har wich. I'll take Potter wiib. me.' His mind was tossed up and down like a sea, but he kept a. self possession which seemed strange ' even to himself. Dom. thought his fortitude splendid, and had never esteemed him half bo much as now. His heart ached over the blow he had been compelled to deal. In the supreme moments of life, trifles take an absurd and over-mastering im portance. ?* 1 dined alone to-night,' said George, 'and felt too tired to change. I've been out and about like this all day.' He indi cated the h«avy clay-soiled boots and gaiters he wore, and the rough suit of .homespun. . ' All that's a little countrified ;f or London, isn't it ?' Dom . recognised- the condition of hie blind, and had no charge of trivialities to bring against him. ' You'll tell my mother, won't you?' H«dwood asked. ' I'll go and lookup Potter.' ' I will come with you,' Dom responded. ' I shall have time to deliver your mes sage afterwards. It will be best to tell her after you are gone.' Their way led them within sight of the Reverend Jordan Fa rr ell's house, and George turned and paused in the road to look at it. . A short dry sob escaped him. and, ashamed of that exposure of his feel ing, he walked on. ' It is hard,' said Dom, touching 'him timidly upon the sleeve. ' Yes,' said George, curtly. ' It is hard. Bat it makes it no easier to say eo.' Potter lent a ready acquiescence in Red wood's plan, though, of course, he was not allowed to understand the full TnonjiJTig of it. ' You musn't ask me why, Sam,' Red wood said to him, ' for I can't tell you ; but if s a matter as grave as life and death to me.' ' All right, Master George,';cried Sam. the loyal, 'that's enough for me. 'Tilda's away from home, and you'll have to make it square with, her when we get back again, or 1 shall catch it. Hot 1' he added, after a pause of full half a minute, in which he had allowed the possible domestic consequences of his action to sink deep into his mind. Dom undertook to explain in this quarter also, and Red-wood and Sam Bet out for the Weybridg© Arms, ordered the trap at once, and in half an hour -were bowling swiftly along the road to Colchester. They lay at the country town that night, but there was little sleep for one of them. They caught the early train and were whirled to London. There they sought Hetheridge in vain. His. chambers were empty, and at the office his clerks refused to reveal' his whereabouts. ' Any commu nications by letter would be attended to, but Mr. Hetheridge was ill ; had gone iato the country for rest and change, and had left word that he -would see nobody personally, except his own manager. This made the chaBe look hopeless for the time j but a last despairing inquiry at the cham bers elimted from an old laundress, whom they had not met before, the fact that Mr. Hetheridge had recently taken a villa at Richmond and spent most of hie leisure hours there. ' ' By this time it was evening. The sir had all dj»y long been sultry and oppres sive, and now it was. evident that a storm was brewing. As they rode down to Waterloo Station and rattled across the Thames they saw the vast expanse of sky all coppery Ted to the zenith ; the two bridges, the houBes on either side of the liver and' the palace of Parliament, all glooming in a deep purplish shadow below.' There was a far off growl of thunder, but the storm -oolayed to burst. The first railway official of whom they inquired waB able to direct them, and they found the house of which they were in eearclr without further difficulty. They were prepared for further opposition Jbere, and were a little surprised to encounter none. * ' Mr. Hetheridge is in* his xoom, j&tf; ©aid the man servant ?who aanrered George's ring. 'This way.*' A tremendous crash of thunder broke ^at that instant overhead, sharp, clear, «j&i; brief as a roller of artillery, wad imme diately upon it followed a wild burst o£ wind, with elaiftming'of doom and nsonnd of crashing glfias from tfe© upper jrtorjr. 3%e serving nw&ervl;&gout; that eomeboay bad left t&e; winters opes, dashed upntoiw and left them riKaiBg 3a iko doo»w«y e£ theroomhehadindioated. A strong wina was * blowing there, and the figure or Hetheridge struggling to close the Frencir windows against the blast was * dimlj risible. - ? , In his encounter with Dom, or during the latter half of it at least, Hetheridge had conducted himself with a surpassing cool ness, but when once the neceesity for the the continued strain was over, he began to know how much in nelyous force bis defensive instinct had cofefrjiim. ^He had stool and watched Dom^ftom. tbfe room and had waved his hand after* him with a, gesture of insolent triumph and disdain, but before the retreating enemy's f oot-j steps -had traversed half the stairway, he fell back in a state of extreme collapse into the chair he had just quitted. His head spun like a teetotum, . and thero was a sound in his {ears like that made by the rush of a train through a tunnel. The beating of his heart and the free play o£ his lungs seemed restricted by an iron pressure. Little by little these alarming - symptoms relaxed in force, and after a; pause of perhaps 10 minutes he crawled giddily to the bell pull, rang the bell, and stumbled back again. The -waiter appearing, he demanded another glass of brandy, and after drink ing it felt eomewhat better, though still alarmingly weak and shaken, and as dizzy as a man standing on the edge of a preci pice. He was ashamed to ask for a further' stimulant, and so feebly fumbling for his: purse paid his score, and crept away to dive into the first house of public resort he came to, and to take a thirdglass of brandy and -water there. His shadowy enemy was at his shoulder again, and in a form far more real than he ever assumed before. He saw him in his. habit as he lived at the time -when he had first really begun to hate him. The figure was always behind him, and yet was pre sent-to his mental gaze clear to the least detail. He sawtbe candid brown eyes, the, plain manly features, the frash color, the little bit of side whisker on the cheek, the homespun dress. He saw the very pattern of the gaiters, the stain of country soil opoa the boots. He did not recall any special moment at which he had Been his victim precisely thus, and yet he knew j that at eosae special moment his mind had Buized the image and now reproduced it with an absolute fidelity. Had anyone been interested in watching him he would have seen the furtive fearful glance across the shoulder, which had become habitual with him, repeated half a dozen times a minute. With the fourth glasn of brandy he screwed his courage to the sticking point, and ventured anew into the streets. They wore almost deserted at that hour, and he walked swiftly but shakily to Broad-street station, and there paced the platform whilst he waited a train for Richmond due in some 10 minutes. The silent invincible avenger haunt«d him, though ifc never moved a foot or made the faintest change -in posture or expression. It was so real to him that whenever, in his pacing to and fro, he turned sharply round upon his own track a foolish,. relief and amazement possessed his mind when he failed to see it. He walked briskly, he lagged, zigzagged purposely here and there, paused altogether. The immovable, unos capable, dreadful thing was always at his. shoulder, ready to lay a hand upon him.; This living nightmare had been his com-i panion more or less for years, but had neves Iseoa so near, eo real, or so threatening aa now. It would have been a blessed relief to scream aloud, beneath the intolerable an.gu.tBh of its presence, but that way mad nass lay, and there was no gueBsing into what madness of self- denunciation he might be hurried if once he allowed the presence to break down his nerve. He mttst endure the unendurable— must carry; the torment of the damned about with him and make no sigh. When the train backed into the Taiiway station he took his place in a lonely carriage, and by mere physical instinct screwed himself tight j into a corner seat ; but the physical 1 obstacle he interposed made no difference; j to the position of the unrelenting phan-. j torn. Apart from the awful clearness of his apprehension of its presence, it carried a terror with it he had never known before. Ail these years he had seemed to be free of suspicion, and at last one man had formu lated against him a charge which his own soul had never failed to bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed -was done. He had foiled his accuser for the time, but that meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of chance might carry new evidence to the man who knew so much and guessed so muoh already. He drank deep that night and drugged his fears at last, but when he awoke, sick with excess, he found his ghost still in its place, implacably serene and cheerful, the George -Redwood of a -quarter of *a 'century ago. He felt -that business was impossible for the day,' and he sent a telegram to that effect to town. 'If necessary to consult me, come down. Too ill to leave house. Refuse all inquirers address.' An hpur or two later his confidential man appeared with a bundle of important papers and left them for Ms employer's consideration. ' Come down again, Jessamer,' he said. ' Come in the afternoon, or better still, come in Jihe evening. There are a score of things about which I may give you in-, structions. I'm not altogether well, and I may be forced to take a holiday.' The mockery of the phrase hit Mm hard, and some of its bitterness found its way into, his tone. There was small hope of 'a holi day for him while that placid bugbear stood changeless at sis shoulder. ' Bring? your handbag with you, and stay the1 night. I may detain'you late.' This invitation was equal to a command; and Jessamer accepted it, bowing low.' Hetheridge waB bis man of men; a king in finance, and with every sign of growth in his importance in financial circles, Jeesa-' mer took higher Tank among -his compeers.' He had never aad such, au honor placed upon him as Hetheridge *now- pfl!ered. 7o be invited af & guest at Hetheridge'a houee, if 'only for a jiight, was in itself » high diettncJloH. ,. lit lie nad known the compelling dread of loneliness whictt dictates theinvitation^ne knight, perhaps; lucre felt less nattered oj it, 'Canyon be hero to dinner?' Hethe riagre*ri»d, 'At what hour, air f' «Say*o\jloefe.w ? ._ 