Some Femous Bulls. Some extremely amusing mistakes have been made by even the most practical speakers in their desire to carry their audience with them. O'connell once, in an election speech in Conciliation Hall, told his followers that if measures injurious to Ire- land were brought into Parliament be would go over to England and " die on the floor of the House of Commons in opposition to them," and when he came back he would say, " Are you for repeal now?" Sir Boyle Beche, too, whose bulls made him famous, on one occasion assured a wonder stricken body of voters that, if elected, he would put a stop to smuggling practices in the Shannon by " having two frigates stationed en the opposite points at the mouth of the river, aud there they should remain fixed, with strict orders not to stir and so, by cruising and cruising about, they wonld be able to intercept everything that should attempt to pass between them." Another time, when on the hustings, he observed " England, it must be allowed, ¡b the mother coun- try, and, therefore, I would advise them (England and Ireland) to live in filial affection together like sisters, as they are and ought to be." This was only equalled by his-when opposing an anti Ministerial motion-wishing the said motion " was at the bottom of the bottomless pit." It must have been rather disconcerting to the declamatory speaker who, despising all technicali- ties, tried to storm his hearers by sheer force of eloquence, but who, on uttering the words, " In the book of nature it is written," was interrupted by a quiet-looking gentleman, with a mild request that he would " name the page." Sometimes, however, the interruptor received a " retort court- eous" he hardly bargained for, and a capital story, illustrative of this, is told of Lord Palmerston. His lordBbip, who was an inveterate joker, possessed a readiness of repartee and a quaint sense of humour that often stood him in good stead. Once, when canvassing Hampshire in conjunction with Sir George Staunton, he held a meeting at a hotel which was bnt dimly lighted at each end by two small windows. During the noble lord's speech he was frequently interrupted by cries of " no ! no !" proceeding from a little fat man in one of the windows, who was butler to an sid admiral in the neighbourhood. There were loud calls to bring him forward, but Lord Palmerston promptly said : " Pray, don't interfere with the gentleman. Let him remain in the window. Providence has denied him any intellectual light-it would be hard indeed to deprive him of the light of heaven !" Again, while electioneering at Taunton, he was greatly troubled by a butcher who wanted him to support a certain radical policy. At the end of one of his lordship's speeches the butcher called out : " Lord Palmerston, will you give me a plain answer to a plain question ?" After a slight pause Lord Palmerston replied, "I will." The butcher then aBked: "Will you or will you not support this measure?" (a radical bill). Lord Palmerston hesitated, and then, with a twinkle in his eye, replied, "I will"- Then he stopped. Imme- diately the Radicals cheered tremendously. " Not" -continned his lordship. Loud Conservative cheers. When these ceased Lord Palmerston finished his sentence-" tell you." He then imme- diately retired. A humorous incident occurred ata meeting where- at Sir Wilfrid Lawson was speaking. One of the principal planks in his programme was, of course, his permissive bill, but all his attempts to explain it were useless-they would not hear him. At last he called some of the disturbers up to the platform and tried to paoify them. One of them carno up three parts drunk and stood close to him. He was asked what he had to say, when, turning to the great brewer of the place, who was sitting near and who was not making a noise, the mon, in words which, as he thought, could not be disputed and must carry conviction with them, exclaimed : " If your bill is carried, sir, what is to become of this gentleman ?" Some exceeding bitter, if witty, things have been both said and written about public men at election time, but probably nothing more scathing can be found than the following epigram on Wilkes, which, after he became a favourite at court, in April, 1784, and entered Parliament for Middlesex, in con- junction with the court candidate, Mr. Mainwaring, appeared in a newspaper of the time : What 1 Liberty Wilkes, of oppression the bater, Call'd a turncoat, a Judal, a rogue and a traitor ? What has made all our patriots eo angry and sore ? Has Wilkes done that now which he ne er did before ? Consistent waa John all the days of his life, For he loved bia best friends as he loved his own wife ; In his aotlons he always kept self in his view Though false to the world, to John Wilkes he was Une. Fox was seldom, if ever, at a loss for a retort, and a story is told how, when canvassing Westminster he applied to a shopkeeper for his vote and interest. The man produced a halter with which, he said, he was ready to oblige'him. "Thank you," replied Fox, " for your kind offer, but I should be sorry to deprive you of so valuable a family piece." Humorous, if a trifle unkind, was the orator who, when describing the inordinate lo% o of praise which characterised an opponent, said : *' He is so fond of being praised that I really believe Le would be con- tent to give up the ghost if it were but to look up and read the stonecutter's puff on his tombstone." This is ic striking contrast to the graceful and witty compliment paid to the beautiful Duchess of Devonshire and her sister, Lady Duncannon, of whom, when they canvassed the electors of Westminster on behalf of Fox in 1784, it was said that " never did two such lovely portraits appear on canvass." A photograph of the moon taken at the Lick Observatory showeo lines resembling streamB of lava from the craters of lunar volcauoes. These lines have never before been recognised by astronomer»._«¿L__ 