DREAMERS AND DREAMS. \---o-- --- The article in the Aueuetnrumber of the "' Contemporary" which will excite most interest is one by Mr F. Greenwood on "Imagination and Dreams." Mr Green wdod does not attempt to theorise in any way about his subject, but speaks of what he knows from his own experience;: DREAMtr FACES. Before entering upon the subject' of'actual dreams, Mr. Greenwood lingers for a short time over what he cells dreani;faces : It may be serviceable to remark "'(we read) that visions of this' kind sozn tihnes present themselves to is 'in 'the' dark when we are awacke,'. perfectly 'sane, unaware of any sort of 'pihyaStial'disg tunbanco, and without any'effort ?fimiagina tion . . . . They are dream-stuff, so to,speak, and the precursers of the dreams that fill our minds when quite asleep. Quoting from Mir F. Galton, Mr Green wdod says: In this way a lady useed to see' showers'of red roses, which turned into a flight'of:goldei 'speckles' or spangles ;' and not only were 'the 'roscslrdsenited'to'her vision' as distinctly as real'floweri in brodld daylight might' be,. but' she could smell the perfume. ".A FACE, AND NOTHING M?IORE." He then goes on t6'sa~y : There is nothing like that inmy'irxperience, excooet that at infreauent' times of latiguo I 'share the sensations of those whiarie said'to. have discovered a rose-scent' flowing' from and about them. An evanosbent but very'distinct violet-scent flushes from my, liands, or so I fancy. - Jitt 'M.' Alatry and Mr Galton relate stories of face see?'a in the dark in like manner; faces seaemilnily standing off upon the air, and comiig' and going as if with a will and purpose of their own. M\\. Maury's experience' seems to have dilt'ered from mine in this particular. In his ease these phantoms always represented per sons known to him. In mine it has never been so on a single occasion ; and the difference is a noticeable one. As I look at' these' fa'ces' asking myself who was ever like that or that; I find no answerexcept in a fancied resem blanee to some historical :or mythological personage. They strike the view as entirely strange and surprisingly " original." Pos sibly, Blake's visions were some such faces as these, presented to his eyes in broad day light; I am inclined to think so, because his wonderful, dreadful drawing, 'The Ghost of a Flea," is precisely such a transcript as I could have made by the score had I possessed his pictorial skill. Under my own eyelids I have soen MANY A FACE OF THE SAME AWFULr FAMILY ; some even more dreadful still, being all astir with animation. But the grao'tr niiinumber' of them are not of the too terrible kind. After the fact that nothing forekn'own or fami liar ever appears amongst them,' the' next most remarkable thing 'about those visions is that they often look'like the fleet ing embodiment of some passion, or mood of the mind; usually not the bettermost.' Some faces expressive of a' grect',nobility' ai?d' serenity appear, but 'I havs never seen amongst them the mask of' pity' or love, or any soft emotion. Grief the'most despairing, scorn, cunning, pride, hate, inquiry, envious or triumphant mockery-no human face that ever was seen, I feel sure, displayed these emotions with a comparable fitness and intensity. It is not the characteristic of all but it is of some toan almost appalling ex tent; aind it Blake did see these faces, either inidaylight or in darkness, he had more than 'his imagination to draw upon when he depicted the Passions. " THE OTHER SIDE OF EATII." Perhaps the most interesting. part of. this interesting article is that in which Mr Green ,wood deals with dreams connecoted with the 'supernatural, and the mysterieS of the world beyond the grave. We have only space to quote the following example : . As an illustration of this'more remarkablo kind of dreaming I may relate one of a series of dreams which followed each other 'at intervals of a year precisely-a year and a d long time ago a gentlemawho may lie, called A, lost. a child by death.' He had' been very fond and proud' of thq boy; who was seven or eight years of age, I think, when e'o died... Indeed, between the two there had always been a' strong :sym pathy, and when the child wias taken the father was plunged into the deepest 'grief. Like many another one in the same situation,, his thoughts by day and night were tortured by the question, " Hut vet. Is he still in ex istenhe ? Is there a place in this vast universe where I may think of him 'as living, no matter how infinite the distance, or even if we are parted not only now but for ever and ever ?" Many poor souls have been tossed abount in the same yearning speculations, day after day, month after month, with no diminution of doubt and pain. ,A. was one of these un fortunates. To this great trouble ~as added another, which took the shape of a 'deep and surprising disappointment. At first one of 'the.poor man's very few comforts had been that THE: IOY WOULD HIAUNT HIS DREAMS, and that they would be together many a time that way. But it is not invariably .true, that what you think of most you dream of most; and for all his hoping and praying the father never once dreamt of his son., That is to say, he never, had any such dream for a whole year, oy which time, I .dare say, the praying had been given up and the hope exhausted. But then, on tlhe morn ing of the child's death, and at the very hour in which he died, the father woke from a wonderful dream, so intimately and touch ingly responsive to the whole year's grief that itocannot be thrown into the glare of print. It is only mentioned-torether with the fact that after another twelvo months of black and empty nights another dream of the same charactor occurred at the same hour-in order to give its own setting to the third dream. "AND ONCE AGAOINIT CAME." The morning had again come round. A dreamed that he had awakened about dawn, and, thinking of nothing but the hour to rise, had drawn his watch from under his pillow. In doing so ho saw that it had been completelyshattercd. But how could it have hbeen broken so violently, lying where it had beoens nugly placed a few hours before ' A reasonable but an injurious conjecture oo cured to him; at some time in the night the watch had been taken from beneath the pillow by his wife, who had allowed it to fall. Satisfied that there could be no other explanation, he was about to drop asleep again to get rid of ill-humor at the aiccident (this is all in the dream, be it under stood), when the door opened and in camo a foreman of works to whom A. gave instrue tions every day, and between whom and him self there was a great liking. It seemed as if the man had come for the usual draft of work to be done, and it did not strike As a anything out of the way that he should be visited in his bedroom for it. But he was struck by TIaK LOOK OIF MYSTERIOUS INQUIRBY ON THIE MIANS'S FA\CE. Thenext moment he connected this look with the broken watch, and drew it out again: the glass gone, the hands swept from the dial, but seeming less like his own watch now. TWhat was the meaning of it ? While d. was asking himself this question, in a sort of ex pectanttropidation, the foreman of works said, "Put it to your ear, sir." . This A. did ; and, ashelistenedto the even beat within the other said, " Sir, we know how much you are erouhled, and this is our way of showing you that, though every sign of life is destroyed, lifemay stillbe going on." Whereupon A. woke " all of a tremble," heard the tranquil tick-ticking of his watch iunder the pillow, and, when he could compose himself to take it forth, saw that the hands stood at within five or eight minutes of the time when his boy died on the same day in the calendar. THE USE OF DRxA.MS. But while, on the whole, dreams do not further the practical progress of the world Mr Greonwood thinks that they may serve some practical purpose. Nearly all dreamers can be brought into one theory-namely, that since in dreams we pass through a great variety of experiences, none of which are ever likely to befall us in' real lifo, we are put to tests of character which we should never endure otherwise; and,: there fore, 'that we ought to come to a bettor acquaintance with ourselves. Thus if I have neverbeen placed in a situation of extreme danger, as by attack of murder thieves, or in a burning house (together with others more helpless, perhaps), how amn I to know what nmy feelings and conduct would really be under such circumstances? 'Think of himself what he may, no candid man can give a confident answer to that ques. tion; It is acommon experion^e to discover inono'sself asurprising coolness and resource, :or' a totally unsuspected and crushing cowardice, under a sudden severe test. Td some. suchi test,, it has been surmised, w.' are frequently exposed in dreams ; passing through emotions strong enough to affect our -physioal senses no less than if the danger wore real--s broken knuckles and quaking limbs testify when we awake-and therefore all the more to be trusted as like to those wliich we should actually experience if the dream were reality. 