DETAILS OF WILLIAMS'S NEW SOUTH WALES CAREER Tho documents received by the % ic- torian detectives from tho New South Wales Police department givo a number i»f iutcrpiLtnp details with regard to Wil- liams during his ruauloueu in. Sydnoy under tho name ot Deeming. Amongst other documents is an extract from the articles of tho ship Ne- reus, in which Williams arrived in Sydney in 1831. lite following par ticular# are given t— F. Dooming, aged 23 years, natiro of Uirkonhcad, England (lait ship Capo V erde), shipped as steward at Liverpool on 31st March, arrived ot Sydney 19th July. A Mrs Winifred Taft, with whom Williams Judged after his arrival, recog nised tho photo nf Williams and a woman taken together ns that which he had shown herns being those of hiuisolf and hit dear wifo. He always kopi iL under his pillow, and frequently referred to HIS DEAR WIFE, Marian. lie said ho was expecting her arrival in tho colony, and appeared to look forward with anxiety and pleasure to her coming. During his stay ho rendered him self n nuisance by reason of tho fact that ho was continually complaining that he was HAUNTED DY GHOSTS,... and for that reason ' alio liau to get rid of him- He begged lo bo at)ow«d to remain until tho arrival of his wifo, but Mrs Taft would not consent. Ho aftcrvarda went to board with another person who docs nut desire thnt hor natno should b mentioned. Ho was at thnt timo em ployed at Tooth's Drcwcry, and afterwards at a'gnsfltter,' Whtlo at his new rcsldcnco his room was searched by thu polico, and Ito was arrested and conricted of stealing gasfittingz. lie was discharged on tho very morning that his wife arrived from England, and hu begged that nothing should bo said to her about the matter, us she was A VERY SENSITIVE WOMAN. In Juno, 18S2, Williams routed a room from. Mrs Elizabeth Solby, of Castle- rough street, mid during his stay, there ho nvulo himself most ugrucablo and was very obliging. Ho once framed a testimonial for Mrs Bilby's daughter, which is still in her (KJiaussiou. In June, 1682, Mrs Dooming arrived in tho ship Samuel l'ltnisoll, an immigrant yosaol. Mr Deeming was described as being 28 years of sge, and a cook. Sho was s "nominated" Govornmont passenger brought out under thu bounty system. Iu tho year 1884 Williams, undor thu uamo of 'Deeming, re gistered the birth of his child Bertha, and thon stated that ho was a native uf Birkenhead. In 18SG, when registering tho birth of Mario, his next child, hu claimed lo be a native of Cheshire. MrT. II. Manley, of Clarenco street, Sydney, has stated that Williams wurkml fur him or a gasfittur, and whilo in hi employ asked for fivo days' holiday. Mr Mauley (ouud out that Ire had not availed himaolf of his holiday, as he said to go on a sliootiog excursion, but to appear at the Police Court to answer tho charge which was brought against lum, and for which ho was imprisoned. He had been out on bail. At that timo Williams or Deomingwaa living with a woman whom he said was his wifo. Sho. was a very fat woman. He alio said ho had tbrco children. That was about ten yoarsogo. 