SPORTING NOTES FROM QUEENSLAND. (TBOlf OBB OWH CORBSSPONDBNT.) Brisbane, Sunday. Tattorar.U'K Hacon. Tho opening of the Brisbano Tattersall's Spring Mooting at Eagle Farm yesterday afternoon was attondod by about 4000 persons, and the affair passed off witliont the slightoat hitoh, uudor tho able management of Mr. James Byrno and his staff of assistants. It was a Queensland summer's day iu the truest senso, find that is ouougb to indicate hoiv sweltaringly hot it waa ; but neithor tho hoat nor the dust was sufficient to keep tbo peoplo away from thoir favorite sport, nor was it re garded as in any way detrimeutal to tho interests of the meeting. There was only ono oircumstauco iu connection with the fixture which called for an expression of regret, and that was that tho oommittee who inanago tho affairs of the Briabano Tattersalla had deemed it necessary to mako a very largo roduotion in the valuo of tho programme as oompared with tho prizes last year. This, however, did not probably spoil any of the intercut in tho mooting, and tho comparatively poor fiold which contested the principal is vent was Iho result of a scarcity of fair handicap horaos hero at tho prosont time rather than of a mcrconory fooling on the part of horse ownors, or uisaatisfaotion at the lists of weights turned out by tho haudicappor. Tho course was dry and hard, too inuon bo, but although nearly ull the racos wero truly run, and well contented from end to ond, tha timos wove unaccountably slow, and it must bo that tho best of tho horses loft to us now aro a long wny below par in point of quality. It goos without saying that there wan a woudorful improvement in tho starting, for the regular oiHcial, Mr. G. M. Kirk, was at his post again, and although ho cannot got about quite as spry as he did formerly, ho got his fields away in good order, and showed that lie bid lost none of his popularity with tho boya daring his enforced nbjonoo. The Nowman Eohliu totalinator machines were workod at Iho meeting, and as more than .£3000 was put through during tho day, it may be roasoimblo to suppose that investors wero satisfied with its mauagoment. Baclng began with tho Bulimba Hurdlo Baco, tho distance of whioh waa two miles, and of the ten starters tho only horsos baokod were Dypyrrhus, Bocho-de-mor, and Criterion, who were fancied in tho ordor writton, but how anyone could look beyond tho horso who evontually won sooms to me a bit of a mystery, for Booho-de-mor up Eock haniDton way waa looked unon as something of a yonder, and camo hero with a roputation of boing good enough to hold his own in Onp company. Ho did not quite uphold that repu tation, but he showed a lot of paco amongst good horses, and at his woight, lOat 51b, It was only a mattor of getting aa/sly over tho sticks to onsnro him an oasy victory. As things turned out, ha provod himself a born jumper, for ho oloared his fences as well as anything in tho raoo, and koepinn; always pretty close to tbo louder, he wont to the front half a milo from homo, and beat Criterion by ouly a few lengths, the latter being cloverly handled by Mlok Quirk, bnt not being quite fast enough to paco it with Booho. Kiugsloy wag loading half a mile from home, but ho shirked it and ran off, while tho favorite, Dypyrrhus, never onoo showed promiuontly, and while it took the winnor long enough' to run tho . distanco — lmin 1 1-5hoo, he was pro bably 15900 slower, and that is nob bis truo form. Tho Toowoomba party, comprising Messrs. Oon, Warry, and Fred Taylor am company, wont bald-headed for tho Phil Athol — Princoas oolt Common for tha Jordan Han dicap, for which oaoh of the nlno youngstera named on tho card wont to the post, aud so strong woro they that at tho close 5 to 4 was tho boat offer, and vory little waa to bo got oven at that. Tho noxt best was Capristo at 4's, ao that you may imagino what a good thing Harry \Valah was suppoaod to uaTO norvod up for his stablo supporters. But the flood thing wasn't a good thing at all on events went. The shot bird was nover in it, and after Capristo and Coooe had had a fight for thn biggest slioo of tha 50 both, Mr. Jim Neabit'H little Trenton colt Trent came with a wot sail from tho homo tnrn, and running straight up tha middlo of the traok. won easily from Coooo in the remarkably alow time of lmin 21) 2-Ssoo. How the yonnirnbirH took all that tlmo to negotiate tbroo-qnartora it in hard to say, booaune at least - five of the nine who started can bo.bV.okod at any time to broak twonty with thoir Bhoo.-i on. Clinker and Syrian woro tho lato withdrawals from tho Oup lint, and thin loft alioldofnino. Tho result waa as follows : — Mr. H. A. Watch un b f Momah, bv drand I'lnnour— Utor-U, Syru, 7«t all. ( V. B illoj ) ... 1 Mr, II. I.innnll ulg Advance, by WiWrloo— — Xnnla,3rrs, e-t lllb (Cmnon) ? 2 Mr. W. Fljnn'i b o TnUullro. br VThoatmmt— XaUta*, «/M,8«»«lb(MoM-UtU)_. „ ...8 For somo strange roaxon tho infatnatod ad mirers of tho firat established favorite, Babol. atuok to him right up to tho laat moraont, and this in tbe faco of the evidence supplied by their own eyes that the homo was lame. Aftor boiug heavily baokod for both the Cnp and tho doublo, Babel wout lame in a gallop on Thursday laut, and as It was thought then that he would not start, bis price longthonod a bit, but bin ownor eviduutiy could not bo liovo that thore was muoh wrong with htm, for ho declined to allow him* to bo kuobkod out, and bis money going on, mado the suspicions unsophisticated laugh at Iho roports of tho horse's mishap. But tho laugh was not thoro wlion tho raoo was run. In his condition it was nothing short of lunacy to allow tho horao to ntart, for ho had not tbo gboBt' of a chance of winning, and it was simply risking a serious broak-down. Lome an he was, L'abol led for tho first milo, but after that he cracked up, and finished uoarly last, as any ono with a grain of senso might havo expected ho would. Miller's pair, Criohtou' and Tho Wandering Jew, wero both woll backed at remunerative prices, but although Tho Jew at one time looked to havo a fir.it-rxto obanoo, he could not run it out, nnd Criohtou is, after all, Iho arrant ooward that many, including his trainer, havo reported him to bo all along. On the track this good-looking fellow shows all the qnalitios of a lirat-olasa racohorso when galloping by himsolf, but put him with another horBe, or start him^iu a race^ and' ho can no moro gallop than fly. Why this should bo ro no ono can nay, but tho ohonooti are that whon his baokers liavo turned him up as a bad spec, ha will somo day alter his mind, and win u good race and pay a bifrdiv ; t hat is whit his aort generally do. An nuUidcrnamedlCing-sworth surprised everybody by making tho paco with Tho Jew right to tlio homo tnrn, lint horo Advance, who had beon bounding in tho nir, movsd to the front, and looked to havo. the vaoo won. Ho reckonod without Momah, how over, for tho little maro collared him half-way tip tho running, and had no difficulty in Bhak inp him «IT wlion ho tried to pace it with her. Talkative, who had 'no Bhow nt all,' was third, and all the fancied ones, including La Grange, anywhere or nowhere in the ruck behind. 'Twas OTor thus with racing. The 12 furlongs woro run in 2min 39 2-5*co, whioh was not bad, A baker's dozen loft, tho pad dock for tho Fairfiold Handicap, 7 furlongs, and Clinker was tho best backed of tho lot. Ho had. the misfortune, howoTer, to cot badly away, and tho noxt iu demand (Clytho) keep ing in front all tho way, just eqaeozod homo by a short head from Queen Olivo, who had a bad run, and wns gninj two strides toClythe's ono at the finish. Niobe wou thn Selling Baco, G fnrlongs, from Brown aud Bono, in lmin 17soc, and a rank outsider in tho Ipswich maro Minster Bollo oamo to tho rescue of tho books in tho last raco of the day, the City Handicap, 9 fnriongR, heating Clinkor by nearly a longth, and rotumiiiir to tho lucky investors a. dividend of .£18 llfl. Tho Syduoy bookmakers, Joe Abralmms and Abo Harrington, woro calling tho odds in the paddook, and the good effoot of thoir visit was that Ihoy put somo life into tho looal mon, and forced thorn to lay fairor prices than they usually do. It was rathor lauphablo to hear them stretch the odds whonever Joo Abrahams opened out a point. Turf Items. Tho oommittee of tho Queensland Tnrf Olub refused, by a majority of ouo, on Friday last to romovo the dinqnalificatiou or suspen sion of tho jookeys F. Smith, M'Cabe, and M. Walsh, who woro carpeted for - throo months for having tbo importineuca to try to do their bost to got away in the Hopoful Stakes at tho rooent Q.T.C. Spring Meeting. Wo are going to have the usual clashing of racing fixtures during tho ChrifitmaB holidays. On tho 2tith and 27th thore will bo inootings at Ipsnioh, Toowoomba, and Gympio, to mty nothing of the Northern clnbs, and the CreekerR have come into the fiold with a two days' programme - Tho Hopeful Stakes winnnr, Beoovory, has beon thrown out of work, and his owner in tends to givo him a spell nntil tho fall of the season. Daniol Trihey, Esq., camo back: by tho Lbura on Monday last, bringing with him tba little brown horse Ascot, who has a pair of fetlocks as big as watermelons. On the Bamo day poor old Buttons, looking the ghost of hiB former sell, returned to tho soeno of his oarly victories. Both horses aro staying at Carter and iouwiok s stables, and are la the market for salo. Tho Vespasian or DarrivoU oolt, V.D.I., diod at Ipswich last week from intornal in juries which ho was supposed to have sus tained at tho Q.T.C. Spring Meeting at Eagle Farm. Muriska, by Mozart — Ailsio, lias given birth to a fino colt foal, as a token of her affootions for tho littlo Muaket horso Enor. It is reported by a Beaudesort oorrofrpon dent that Mr. Tliomaa ISrayford has again ac cepted tho position of lion, seorotary to tho Logan nnd Albert Jockoy Club, nnd under his management it is to be hopad that racing on tho Logan will revive Tho club has secured a lino sito for a raoecourso, quito oloso to the township, and this will overcome ono of tho groalest difficultio9 the olub has had to con tend against is tho past. , Aquatics.' Referring to the Commercial B.C. fonr-onr erew, a writer iu the Queensljlndek Baya, that since tho formation of tho orow. they have novor been beaten, and bavo won four fonr-oarod raoos. Ernest Winter is one of tho bost all-round athletes in Queensland, and has won nine champion races. M'Dowall'has won four champion races, Williams three, and Carmiehaal two, besides numcrouR other races Williams aud Carmichaol are pupils of Winter, and M'Dowell hails from Maryborough, whore ho is a great frvorite. Tho second road race of tho Ipswich Cyoling Clnb waa run yesterday vroek, tha courso being from Bedbauk Bailway Station to the Music Warohonso in Ipswich, a dUtanae of about aoven miles. There wero thirteen starters, and the first prizo, a gold modal, was won by W. Boblnson, Smin ISsoo, aud C. Stovonaon, Omin, was second. B. Saudomau, who started from scratch, was fourth, and ho made tho fastest time (24mln SOseo), and thus soanrod tho silver oup, presonted by M. A. Smith, the amatenr ohatnpion. 