PURSUED BY THE DEAD! A Chbistmas Eve Advbnttoe. " Let me tell you an adventure I had one Christmas Eve. It was in the early days, and it happened on what was at that time a lonely road between McFarlane's Hotel and Black Creek. "I was going to see a customer who lived about ten miles from the railroad," he said, "and as I reaehed the station about 9 o'clock in the evening and it was a half moonlight night, I concluded I'd drive over at once and get back in time for the train at 10 o'clock next morning. The road was fairly good, though it was a lonesome one, and I felt pretty sure I could drive it in three hours, carrying a heavy tiuck. I got away by 10 o'clock with a pair of horses, doing my own driving, and for the first five miles nothing occurred. In fact, everything was going so smootMy that I began to doze. After a while I was suddenly awakeaed-by the noise of wheels just behind me, and looking back I was almost frightened by a horse's nose nearly over my shoulder. He was Mfcched to a buggy in which sat a man and a woman. " * Look out, there,' I yelled, and wMpped up my own team. " Their horse fell back, but they made no «ply and T drove on and nodded again, only to be awakened as before. " Then I became angry and said a number of things to wMch 1 received no answer. Indeed, neither man nor woman so much as looked up at me, but kept their faces down, and did not even pull up their lines. The horse fell back, though, and followed twenty feet or more behind me. The moon was beclouded" at this time and I could not see very distinctly, but I did not nod any more, for I was not exactly satisfied with my company. I called to them several times, but they remained silent. They kept right along behind me, though, for three miles, and at one or two places 1 took little side roads I knew of, wMch led back again to the main road, and the others did the same. Once or twice on long stretches I touched up my horses, but the horse behind me followed at the same speed. The longer this thing kept up the more nervous 1 became, aud once or twice Ï thought I must be having a nightmare. The last mile of the road was good, and I concluded rather than to have a row with these midnight intruders I would run away from them, and as 1 turned into the home stretch I let my team go at its best, and I went along at a four-minute gait,but right behind me came the other horse, trotting smootMy and whinnying every now and .then. Somehow I felt the cold chills down my back, and a panic seized me. I didn't know why. I laid the wMp on and my team broke into a dead run, evidently feeling my own fright and showing the signs of fear they say animals show in the presence of ghosts. " But running was of little avail. The other horse was much better than mine and he came after me with his nose nearly in my buggy, and the two people never makiuga move to pull him up. With a yell at last I dashed up to the store of my customer, who hadn't gone to bed yet, and hé came out with-three-or four men on the' rush, and I almost fell out of the veMclé as he asked what was the matter. * ' There,' I screamed, ' there, there,' and I pointed back -to where I had seen myghostly visitants, but they had disappeared. "He's got the jim- jams,* loudly suggested one of the men, and T thought possibly I had, But I rubbed my eyes and looked around, and fifty yards down the road I saw the thing that had followed me. It had evidently passed me when I pulled into the store so suddenly, and I told the men to go after it. They did so, and in a minute they came back with yells that beat mine. ' * Jim-jams, is it ?' I asked'scornfully. "No; dead pejple,' replied one with his teeth chattering. ' It was so, too, I found out when we had got a drink, and braced up enough' to go after it again. They had been strangled for pure malice evidently, and had been tied in their buggy and sent adrift. The horse being a strange one in that locality, had been simply following my team by in- ; stinct, and was probably as badly frightened as I was and didn't know half as well where to go. f Nothing was ever definitely known as to the identity of the pair in the buggy, but some years after, a criminal, dying in the gaol hospital here, gave a rambling account of an occurrence where a couple bad been murdered for gain, and sent adrift in their veMcle to avoid any clue to the location of the crime. But the matter was never fully settled." " I dropped into a hatter's last week to have my hat ironed," says a writer in a contemporary, " A gentleman having purchased a silk hat, one of the shopmen had taken it to the inner room to have it shaped to his head. While he stood bareheaded awaiting bis 'tile,' another gentleman entered, and, mistaking him for one of the assistants, said, as he handed Mm Ms hat, which -was an old one, * Want to have it ironed.' The gentleman accepted the situation humorously, and, taking the hat to the back-shop, called out, 'Just iron .that, please !' 1 resently his new hat was -brought out to Mm, and, while he was adjusting it, customer number two came up briskly and said, * Tou need not try it on. It looks all right. Give it to me.' * My good man,'' was the quiet retort, ' I don't mind being mistaken for a batter's assistant, but, when-it com.es to giving up my new hat for that old campaigner 1 have just passed in, thé line h&s; to be drawn.,' '' 