LADIES COLUMN. The necessity which women seem to be under to have something preposterous and deform ing in their dross, was never better allustrated by anything—not even by crinoline—than it is by tho incoming atjlo ot dr«88, •• which makes women all shoulder*.’ Sir. inches of -waist diameter surmounted by a yard of shoulders is not a whit less ridiculous than a little body sticking up out.of a mountain of skirts, -and will not be regarded as less ridiculous by the Judgment of an impartial posterity. And this we are to have at a time when people of taste, of both sexes, 'wore congratulating themselves that woman’s dross was at last beginning to , obey the obvious, inspiration of- nature, and follow, in a general way, at least-the linos 61 the form. An, old soldier, 78 year's of age, was married at iFoltb&m.; The bride, aged has’mourned the loss of three husbands and boasts that half a century- ago she- was. in the service of the Queen at Windsor Castle. Throe maiden .relatives, ’aged 60, 68,, and 70, acted as bridesmaids. - The beat man was 75 years old, and tho minister was an octogenarian, the united ages of the assembled seven being 603.> Fashion is as capricious as the weather. : A fair day brings out the robin’s egg-"blue of summer silks, and tho canary yollpw of spring toilettes. A cloud crosses - the-- horizon,- ana dame Fashion calls to her brood: “Run, run, my children, the sky is going, to fall,after tbo-pattern of tho figurative ben, and - they all soud homo, to reappear in storm cloaks and umbrellas. Ana very likely- the sky will fall in frequent showers; but os-a coun ter-balance the now dress ismot worn'out be fore its time, ns it would be if every 'day were fine. There is an art in always -looking fresh and dainty, and having one's' clothes crisp and now—not commercially - new,,, as -if they merely .represented money, but new with the lusre of youth and good keeping. There are tbo many, .people who announce in-every fold of their attire, live in a house -distressing,?’ as wc pass through the world we mast bo taken for. what we appear- to bo.. Even a frayed-out flower is unlovely. : v .1 bavo heard ot an in novation Is it a revival?—in the method of wearing tbe ; bridal veil which is to bo brought out <lt bas been tho custom to have a part of,tho veil-fall oyer the facojorn special face voil of the-bridal tulle was worn and-taken off by tbo brides maid, before the bride, received tions. Now the veil is to envelop ‘her;- fall ing to her feet back and front,' bat-remaining open at the sides so tbateho can have the free use of her hands. Aud it is; to bo Worn until- replaced by the- eoing-away 'costume. The 1 imprisoned bride will look - very much like-a ghost,'but' the .now- veil .will bo the 'moans of dispensing with Aho -bsoulatory - ex hibitions which are usually inhad : taste at a public ceremony. ■ ... - ; , What Edmund Russell calls Repots of light" are worn more than*ever. They are solitaire diamonds worn overywhoro as well-as on the Anger-; in:the- hair, in bows,-at the’fastening of address, at the bolt, and oven In shoulder knots.' '-This gives a ■ starry twinkle to. the fashionable Armament—tho more stars, - the more twinkle. It as said’ tboflargo- brilliants con .ho very successfully- worn with a- few genuine diamonds, and never -be found, oat. It is supposed that they ; borrow- enough re floated light to deceive the experts. <v A bride's going-away dross is to ' bo com* mended for its elegant simplicity; V It one of these fine novelty-cloths in' bldo-grey, with a running wavy-pattern ;in white silk; which como.in;costume lengths, part-of 1 the .‘goods being plain. The-folds whore the ‘ skirt And waist connect are very bow,'and- becoming : tp slight figures. The line cord on ; tho*- waist, .and-the, narrow box-plaited edge to : the’ skirt arc the only trimming. ' w - \ A now aud pleasing outfit for a vromau who is nearing the attractive And intores ting period : of middle lifp/is the' Muscovitc coslutno. It : is the creation of*a London modiste' and is Unndo of fancy Jacquard brocho pink oloth, . wijth shaped skirt. Long", jacket ‘ trimmed with gold galon embroidered. Waistband, opllar and cuffs of the ; same. The’ style of I sleeves Is particularly 'becoming and - novel.' Watteau pleat at the ;bdck. JBonnot' in ’ pink crepe, with crown spa’tTglod-and beaded. Pino French lace front, with large -Jet pin; Ostrich plumes. : ■> i-l -.v;’.. • ; n.'u, - • DIFFERENT ITEMS. v - ! -'U-i' _ Water-cross contains ihubh sulphur, and. & Ano'of the'best'remedies •f6r ;,, i/btbfyy l SnowoV ;It should,!)® eaten raw with salt. . | It is said that clusters AfolpyoV ? if hung in a ! room o!nd loft to dry and' shed ‘ their perfume' ; through the air, “will drivcf a’way moro‘flics lliian ' all' tbo ’fly-traps ‘'and 1 btifeky“-fly-papbrs ;can collect. ' ■ • •' Parsley is'.ontiroly effectual in‘removing tha iodor ‘of {bniblis ! 'after ’ ‘It AaekV'^Tha/green .sprigs should bo eaten As colory Is,- witb' .tho onions,- It is said by.'pAo. who' has 1- tried'jit 'tlytt. a tablcspohnfuV of 'giAeh; 'Java cbffco Atcoped in AAup of cold water over night, and' ■ the‘water used as a drink before breakfast ibvory mbrnihg[ -will, inAime, 1 ■effect kAurb jpf iahy rheumatic ailment, ’ ,! T -. J 'TbAbtain 1 Tffcat fbr’ i! w ‘long c timo fu poulticoa, > sbbhlft bo cov'ek'od 1 with oiled silkj or/ ’■a bjyte Afcpttob wool.' Either one' 6f y these * methods; is’ preferable tb A ■' pdaltice: : ;vwb|oh' . from its weight might cause inconvenience or i’’’ 1 :':' ' A '': «y **• ~ ! cups •bf*\oo^^bdj»5' milk; a .oneAttaiof. ; sifted 'flour, one' teaspoon Chi of ! j)dwaei(';; j on&‘’d^g, vblk/bchton/’sep'aTOtely 1 ana fwhite'aaded 1 last lleat ifrom a 8^j6w'fn‘td ! -hoC'’l«M; 4,,,^ ,y ■- ; Wholesome Vegdtables. L -^'£ipjnaoh ; . hw a jdirdet effect' oh tho>‘kidneys. ‘ 1 1, 6'ommon dandelion, used' ,’ls^excellent "for 1 tbo kidneys;' ; purge’s the' bloodu ;Colory acts admirably :; inpoh'the :i hOTvhns; isystem, and is a buttt;f^r'^eai«l^*\iifl'(l'‘rliatt-. nintism. Tomatoes 'aet’njjon lbo |lykrj. J , B®b|A, and turnips aro excellent,a^ptiisenrs; 1 * Lettuce and ducuriibors'are coo'ling jn their effect -ajibn ‘ tbo sybtbm, > Onibns^ ! gariu^‘leeks/pjivbs and I shallots; 1 All. of which' aro - 'similar/ 1 pbsspsO fmedicinal virtues 6,f a mjwKbd character, 'stimulating : ttiotbirciHatpyy l bn<^' pro‘ m o tin g digestion; 'Red onions arc An ‘ excel I ent ’diuretic; nhd dho white oneAAro rpoommohaod . to bo oaten raw As a rbinbdy tor insomnia. ;A soup'imado from 1 ’ onions is 'regarded ‘ by. /thp ;Fronoh as ari’excollont’restp'rotiyo' 'iff •‘/debiliQ’ iof - tbtf diges live ‘‘organs; * 