THE HUMORIST. A REAL GHOST. A lawyer and a bishop were talking, and this was the manner of their talk. " I have become thoroughly convinced," said the lawyer, " of the existence of nocturnal appari tions, for I have seen one !" " Dear me! ex claimed the bishop. " I am very curious. Relate the story." "I will, my Lord, I will," said the lawyer. " It was between the hours of 11 and 12. I had gone to bed, and was just falling into my first comfortable sleep, when I was awakened by a strange creaking noise. It sounded if some one was walking upstairs 1 The steps sounded nearer and nearer, slower and slower; solemn and measured they were, and presently they halted at my door. 1 drew the sheet over my head, and lay there tremb ling, not daring to move. Something," con tinued the lawyer, "entered mv room, and threw the sheet over my face. I felt rather than saw a faint yellow glimmering light. I could not move at first, but I presently managed to gain a little courage. I drew the sheet cautiously down from my face, and looked." " Wall " nnofl fVia kiafinn avnitadlv '' Tri i-.tia Well," cried the bishop excitedly. " In the centre of the room," said the lawyer, slowly, "stood a tall old man. He seemed gaunt and worn with age or hunger, and his long grey beard hung half-way down his breast. He was dressed in a queer loose cloak with a cape, and he wore a broad leather band about his waist. In one hand he held a peculiarly-Bhaped lantern, from which flowed the yellow light, making strange ghostly shadows on the wall behind him. In the other hand he held a staff, the look of which was unpleasant. He stood still in the middle of the floor looking at me. Presently I said, 'Whence art thou? What dost thou require " And what did he saycried the bishop, fixing his eyeB upon the odd expression of the lawyer's face. " He said," replied the lawyer, Bpeaking in an hoarse whisper, "he said 'Ibeg yer pardon, sur. I'm the watchman of the street, sur ; an' I thought 'twould be best for me, sur, to come up an' tell yer that yer front door stood open. If ye do be lavin' it that way, sur, it's bad luck yell have before the mornin'!"' j 