The Haunted House. This house is haunted : yes indeed it is ! But not by ghosts in trailing robes of white. With, waving arms and icy touch and kiss, Who always choose the witching hour of night To wander up and down the level floors. And some unhappy wight's warm blood to freeze ; Then pass from vision, flitting through closed doors : My ghosts, alas ! are not such ghosts as these. No, they are visions, visions of the past, Of dear ones who have entered into rest ; They come and go, their forms no shadows cast. I would embrace them ; but my arms have pressed The empty air. Ah, me, the dear home life ! It all comes back around me as I gaze ; And then once more begins the bitter strife, I live once more my long and lonely days. Come, friend, with me and pass the old house by ; Let us go in ; there's naught to do us ill. Did you not hear a murmur like a sigh ? Ah, look ! the empty rooms begin to fill ! I see a loved one's face so mild and kind, Smiling, midst heavenly lights around it thrown. Do you not see it ? Oh, your eyes are blind ! They should be led, like mine, by love alone The same old chairs stand where they used to stand, The curtains in the soft breeze rise and fall, The same old clock points with a warning hand To passing hours that never seem to pall ; While forms of loved ones gone but ever dear With all their old time actions pass me by. Father and mother, yes, they both are here. And there is one whose face I know : 'tis I ! Ah, fade not yet, dear visions of the past ! Stay but a little while in each old place ! My blest and dear ! Too long ye cannot last While love for me lights up each spirit face. Come, let us go ; the night is falling fast ; The visions and the day alike are flown. I turn me back from that dear, love-lit past To face whate'er the future holds, alone ! Nay, friend, seek not to shake my firm belief That dear ones wait me up at heaven's gate. And in their arms I shall find full relief For all my weary days and desolate. I am not wrong in this : I surely deem That heaven will hold the sweetness of the past, And a home life, to which this earth's shall seem But poor and barren, shall be mine at last ! —" Galveston News." The earldom of Mar, in the Scottish peerage, dates back from before 1014. 