INSTALLATION. The newly-consecreted Bishop of Goulburn, Bishop Chalmers, was formally installed and in- ducted to the See in St. Saviour's Cathedral on Tuesday evening. The cathedral was again filled to overflowing, and the interesting ceremony, so new to an Australian congregation, was watched with great attention. The service, which took the form of the usual Evening Prayers prescribed by the Book of Common Prayer, as particularly bright. The choir sang with great taste and feel- ing, and Mr. Harmer excelled himself in manipulating the grand cathedral organ. The set- tings for the Magnificat and Nuno Dimittis were of Mr. Harmer's own composition, prepared specially for the occasion. All the ecclesiastics in attendence at the morning celebration were again present, and their entry into the cathedral was again made in processional order. The beautiful building never looked to better advantage. The costly brass fittings glittered under the gaslight, and the many robed priests gave to the scene an air of solemnity. The procession was headed by the choir fully robed and the members of the Synod and Cathedral Council. Their appearance at the western door was heralded by a joyful peal from the organ, and as the processionists passed along to the chaucel the hymn, "Fight the Good Fight of Faith, Lay Hold on Eternal Life," was sung. The evening prayers were intoned by the precentor, and after appropriate Psalms had been chanted the first lesson, John I, 1-9, was read by the Rev. Canon Soares, and the second lesson, St. John xxi. 15 to the end, by the Rev. A. T. Puddicombe, incumbent of St. Saviour's. The Magnificat and Nuco Dimittis were also chanted, and after the third collect the following anthem was rendered by the choir, Miss Phillips sustaining the solo part, " How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the Gospel of Peace and bring glad tidings of good things. Their sound is gone out into all lands and their words unto the end of the world." The Very Rev. W. H. Pownall, Dean of Goulburn, then took up a position at the entrance of the choir, near the chancel steps, where he was joined by the Bishop of Goulburn and Mr. A. M. Betts, who represented the Chancellor. The Dean read the Metropolitan's mandate enjoining him to install the Bishop, and at its conclusion the Bishop delivered to him the official document of his consecration, which the Dean in turn delivered to Mr. Betts, who read it aloud to the congregation. The Bishop, standing between Mr. Betts and the Dean, then made the following declarations aloud:-- "I, William, Bishop of Goulburn, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Cathedral Church and Diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity; not lording it over God's heritage, but endeavouring to show myself in all things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen." "I, Wlliam, Bishop of Goulburn, do hereby promise to accept as binding upon myself all rules, determinations, ordinances, and resolutions hereto- fore made, or hereafter to be made, by the General Synod of the dioceses of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and by the Synod of this Diocese. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen." While in the same position the Dean, as Adminis- trator of the Diocese, then addressed the Bishop as follows : "In behalf of the Synod of Goulburn, I, William Henry Pownall, Bachelor of Divinity, Administrator of this Diocese, do hereby induct thee, William Chalmers, Bachelor of Divinity, into the occupa- tion of the Sec of Goulburn, and into the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this diocese, in accordance with the Acts and resolutions of the Synod, and I pray the Lord be with thee." The Dean also said the following collect:-" O, Thou good Shepherd of the sheep, who hast gathered to Thyself a great flock in all parts of the world, assist with thy heavenly grace all bishops and pastors, that they may lead Thy people into good pastures, and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. And for this Thy servant, who has been invested with the office of a Bishop, we pray Thee that it may please Thee to grant him such strength of faith and fervour of love and purity of life that he may use his office wall. So we that are Thy people and the sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanks for ever: Who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, livest and reignest one God, world without end. Amen." The Dean then took the Bishop by the right hand and escorted him to the throne of honour. Every eye was turned on the Bishop as he ascended the steps and took his seat on the throne, and at that moment no doubt the thoughts of many reverted instinctively to that o!d familiar figure absent from their midst and whose soul had " Gone before to that unknown and silent shore." The Dean retired to the centre of the chaucel and addressed the Bishop as follows :-" By virtue of my office as Dean of this Cathedral, and on behalf of the Chapter and Council of the same, I do install and enthrone thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop in this Cathedral Church of the Diocese. In the name of the Father, and of the Sun, and of the Holy Ghost Amen. And the Lord preserve thy going out and coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen." The Dean then retired to his seat and the Te Deum was sung. The Right Rev. Dr. Field Flowers Gae, Blshop of Melbourne, then seconded the pulpit and delivered an eloquent sermon from the 5th chapter of St. Peter, 4th verse --" And when the chief Shepherd shall appear ye shall receive a crown of glory that fadeth not away." He deemed it a happy coincidence by choosing this text, because it had formed the concluding words of the morning devotions. That day so memorable in the annuls of the diocese because it marked the first occasion on which an Australian bishop was consecrated in his own diocese was now drawing to a close. That morning they had seen their right reverend brother solemnly set apart for the office and work of a bishop in the Church of God, and now they had witnessed his installation and induction into the possession of the bishoptic and Cathedral Church of Goulburn with all its rights and privileges, and from that time forth he would be called upon to perform all the duties and responsibilities as such towards the church in general. He was now their bishop or chief pastor, appointed to feed and rule the sheep and lambs of Christ's Church in the diocese of Goulburn. Therefore they would see how earnestly their prayers should ascend to heaven that he might be filled with divine grace and heavenly sanctification. The speaker then dwelt on the commemoration of All Saints' Day, which they were also celebrating that day. It was a day on which the church memorised the inestimable joys of the sons of God whose course on earth was finished, joys which were only the evidence of that glory which would descend upon them the appearing of their Lord and Saviour, an event, as announced in the text, which would be the perfecting of the reward which had been promised to Christ's faithful bishops and pastors. The text more particularly referred to the clergy, and on the second coming of the Saviour they were told that he would manifest himself to them in a special character as the chief Shepherd. They would thus see that the Holy Ghost had linked the work of the clergy with the work of their Master, who was indeed their chief Shepherd and Supreme Head of the Church. From His spirit flowed all the efficacy of the clergy's adminis- tration. Though their office was a subordi- nate one it was similar in kind to that of the chief Shepherd, and the time was drawing nigh when the question of moment to Christ's ministers would be not how large were the congregations, not how perfect the ecclesiastical organisation created, not how much applause was gained, but whether souls were saved by the instrumentality of the ministers of Christ. The chief Shepherd was watching his under shepherds. He marked the spirit and tone of their ministry; He noticed their cheerfulness in labour-performing their duties not as a matter of business, but willingly- their disinterestedness and humility, and He would reward them according to their labours. In closing his sermon the preacher said:-" My brethren, I wish to say a few words in conclusion. This being All Saints' Day I wish once again to pay my tribute of respectful affection to the memory of your late beloved Bishop. On this day more especially we realise our oneness with the spirits of just men made perfect, and it is not mere poetry which led one to say-- One family we dwell in Him, One church alone beneath ; Though now divided by the stream-- The narrow stream of death. This beautiful cathedral in which we are now assembled, and which was erected to help forward the worship of God in this city, is the chief visible manifestation of the first Bishop of Goulburn. During the 30 years of his laborious task as a Bishop of this diocese he sowed much good seed, which has brought forward much good fruit, so many of you can testify, and now we commend his successor to God and to the bounty of His grace. May such spiritual seed, sown by the first Bishop, be reaped by the second. May they who have sown and they who have reaped rejoice together at the appearing of the Lord, and may the sheep of this pastorate then be found to have been reclaimed, refoed, guided, and governed and nourished to life eternal by the care of these two under- shepherds." The donations of the congregation were than collected, the hymn " Our day of praise is done," was sung, and the benediction pronounced by the Bishop of Goulburn. As the prelates, clergy and choir retired from the Cathedral another hymn, " One hope of your calling," was sung, and the ceremony was thus brought to a close. 