Winch Policy? Tfc is always pleasing to hear a self elected philanthropist expatiate upon the innumerable benefits which he would have conferred upon humanity had humanity been in the veia to receive them and certainly will confer in the near future whether humanity be in the vein or not. When this philanthropist assumes the guise of counsellor in other people's business his pleasantness be eomesalmosttoo exuberant to bear, more especially to the counselled. We have such a friend of the human race dis porting his accomplisments just now for the behoof of the sugar-growers. It may be that his motives spring from nothing more exalted than those which animate electioneering ; but in this case there is just the bare ghost of a possibility that tho mentor is sincere ; that he thinks he is right; that having been appointed to a position in tem porary connection with the industry by the Government-, he at once jumped to the conclusion that he was selected for his special knowledge, when he was really selected in order that his con summate ignorance might not interfere with the practical knowledge of his colleagues. All the same, he naturally took out a patent, without losing any time about it, and has ever since known more about the industry in all its bear ing than those who have devoted their lires to it. When such a high authoriity chooses to proclaim that cane-growing can't pay under any conditions 'in life, there is nothing left for cane- growers to do but throw up the sponge — if they have any sense. That they have none is abundantly evident from the irre verent manner in which they receive tbe oracular advice. These people per sist in thinking they know more about their own business than one who — well, who knows nothing about it, and can't know. True, he has read things and can quote figures — which can't lie any more than himselE — by the bucketful ; but the ' bookish theoric,' all well enough in ita way, is not implicity relied upon by practical men so much as it was once relied upon by a party of Germans, who faithfully concocted a plumpud ding from a recipe which omiited all mention of the cloth. Tho result was the inevitable soup or hash following upon the carrying out of operations without practical knowledge. We are told that cane sugar can't pay because of the competition of beet sugar. The answer to this is that, even »s it is, those competent *.o pronounce on the subject, and who stake their fortune on the result, fancy they can see their way to making it pay. Added to this is tho great consi deration that beet sugar-mab ing would not pay on its merits. It is kept up artificially by means of bounties. If these were withdrawn, as withdrawn they must be sooner or later, beet could no more compete with cane than maize can compete with it now. The pre sumption of a man, without a grain of real knowledge of his subject, instruc ting specialists, would only be natural were it done for the same purpose as most of his acts ; but in this case, as we have already hinted, there is a strong suspicion of sincerity. Needless to say, a good deal stronger of self-conceit. Taking it for granted that people know their own business best, the issue is plain. The sugar industry can be saved by suitable labour : Is it worth saving ? Here is the simple question, people of South Queensland ; give your own answer. Which policy do you prefer — one of progress — such as ex perienced while tho sugar industry flourished — or one of stagnation— such as experienced now? Now is the the time to decide. Those at the head of affairs haye perforce 6eon and acknowledged their error, Jt ia for the mass of the people to exhibit equal aoumen or obstinately stick to tho maker of bad times because they said they would stick to him when they thought bad times could never return again. Not alone as to black labour is tho mind of the nation in a stato of reversion to too hastily discarded policies. The large and statesman like schemes of the best daya of M'llwraithisoi begin to shine, like light in tho dark places. A flourishing North must beneficially affect every part of the colony, its prosperity re-acting in some measure upon every inhabitant of the land ; but the building of a thousand miles of railway directly employs a hundred thousand men, indirectly every man in Queensland. Let the farmers of Darling Downs contemplate their lot with a hundred thousand men (em ploying nearly as many horses) busily engaged ia reproductive work, drawing their ready pay from the gorged money market of London, and sending it in a revivifying stieam circulating to the remotest ends of the land. No more haystacks, then, waiting hopelessly amid storm and rain for a market that will pay railway carriage ; no more potatoes at a pound a ton delivered, maize at a shilling, and bacon that will hardly pay for the curing. With such an almost inexhaustible market at their doors, the difficulty would be to supply it, and the olden, golden dayrf when fortunes were made in a few years would return to the Darling Downs. As we said the other day, the Government have no money, but plenty of permission. Fortunately they have also an enormous area ot land. A healthful use of these two possessions is all that is required to convert a bankrupt country into a flourish ing one. The sugar planters want the permission, the capitalists of Europe the land — only a comparatively little of -it. The concern for posterity constitutes but a sorry substitute for present want ot bread. Posterity can be left to manage its own affairs even as our forefathers left us. The miser almost invariably hoards for the spendthrift to squander. Nations imitate the actions of indivi duals even to their eccentricities — with this notable difference, that whereas the individual carries his peculiarities to the grave, the nation sooner or later shakes them off. Queensland is now just posing to shake off that pining concern for posterity which has brought , her to the verge of insolvency, without giving any guarantee that posterity will be one whit grateful for the sacrifice. 