THE BIJOU THEATRE— CASTE. There aro good reasons for tho assured hold Caato— rovived at tho Bijou on Saturday — has on tho affootions of theatregoers, for apart from its olovor but not " smart " dialogue, its inter esting plot and artistic variations of p&tiros; and laughter, tho character of Ecolcs. would mako the fortuno of most oomcdios with its rich humor and its knowledge of a cortain kind of lifo and char&ctor;, almost unrivalled outsido tho pagesof Dickons, and itssubtlo touchos that con nects tho drunkon old reprobato with mombors of tho dramatis persona: strung in a far higher key. The management of tho Bijou in staging Casto for tho last six appoarances of Mr. Anson is therefore to bo congratulated, whilst tho comedian himself may draw tho satisfaction that is to ho obtained from a masterly interpretation. Indeed, it may bo doubted whether Mr. Anson has ever been more successful iu kindling tho "Budden glory "of laughter than on Saturday. Ho has played Eccles before with vast success, but whether it iB that former interpretations fade, or whether his approaching farewell stimulated him to a highor effort, it is cortain that it seemed to us mellower, deeper, more truly artistic in a hundred little gestures and touches than on any former occasion. There was tho picture of tho gracoleBS old sinner giv. im? forth alcoholic shafts of humor : but tho humor never bccamo exaggerated or farcical any more than his unconsciously serious touches wore mndo to appear premeditated. Ecolcs cadging for twopeuocs, Ecclcs solilo quising on tho virtues of "a drop of cool, refresh ing beer," Eccles sponging on two high mindutl girls, Ecolcs ruminating, just for a space, on tho ghost of his self respect, Eccles running tho whole gamut of drink nnd loafcrdom — all those changing phases were expressed, and the audience was made to feel them, not by a mere alteration of manner or triok of notion, or change of voice, but by a morgiug of the actors' individuality — a metamorphosis that did not merely deceive tho oyo, but carriod with it tho senses. In a word, Mr. Anson was what is vaguely tormcd "natural," a quality which, we suspect, in the actor is the vory antithesis of what the word usually implies, but whioh, at tho same time, is the highest possession of any notor. Mr. Anson was warmly applaudod during tho progress of the comedy by an appreciative house, though, it seems almost needless to state, there were individuals (mostly in thecirclc) who laughed consumcdly when Eccles is saying anything but " funny " things. Those pooplo are to be found, however, in overy audience, and thoy usually come to a bad end, in most oases, towards the close of thoir thentregoing days, becoming con firmed patrons of melodrama. Mr. Lyndal made a manly, dashing D'Alroy. Ho was host, as he always is, where he had to express feelings of a mora acceptable sort to an audience than breathing honeyed nothings into a lady's ear. Captain Hawtreo is, in its way, an inimitable creation, and Mr. Tither&dgo; has seldom beenseen to hotter advant age than when portraying the oharactor of the simple hearted dandy. Mrs. Brongh made an admirable tender and winning Esther, and where she has to choose between her duty and lovo to her child and the disavowal of her dis reputable old father she was powerful and remarkably effective. Mr. Boucicault was moderately amusing as S&m; Gcrridge, but though comparisonsnre "odorous, "hcchallcngod tliem when Mr. Brough's representation of this part was called to mind. Miss Pattie Browno makes Polly Eocles as she is intended to be, a very lively, sprightly, good hearted girl, full of " lifo " and laughter and something bettor too. When Miss Browne is on tho stage the entire audience steadfastly regards her, and perhaps she feels bound to acknowledge the courtesy by looking in its direction a good many times. Still, it sometimes mars tbo offeob of her acting. The rest of tho company waH entirely efficient, and tho comedy was mounted with all the usual caro And lavish scenic appurtenances that dis tinguish this theatre. Tho Greon Lanes of England was produced at tho Alexandra Theatre on Saturday night, and proved highly attractive to the largo audience that filled tho houso. Tho play is pretty familiar to most theatregoers, having been produced more than once of lato years in Melbourne. It is a melodrama rather abovo tho average, and by means of clever stage effects Is not unat tractive. Mr. Dampior played Gentleman George in a dashing, encotivo style, and several times had to appear before tho curtain and bow his acknowledgments to the plaudits of a delighted house. Mr. Edmund Holloway as Martin Whcatstone, Mr. Rolfo as Captain Solby, Miss Lily Dampier as Margaret Whoatstone and tho rest of the company wero entirely successful. Tho piny was exceedingly well mounted, the management apparently having been at considerable expenso to secure new scenic effects. Tho entort&inment; at the Opera Houso drew a' largo hoasc on Saturday night, and those wonderful acrobats, the Craggs, and Carl Hertz, tho marvellous conjurer, afforded unbounded satisfaction. To-night there will bo a chango in the programme, when Mr. Hertz promises to produco an illusion more baffling still to tho understanding of beholders than that which ho has already shown. The Royal Metropolitan Liedcrtafel will, at their concert in the Town Hall this evening, Serform a work which is quite new to Mel- ourno. This is a setting by H. Hofmann of scencB from Schiller's Die Jungfrau von Orleans (Tho Maid of Orleans), and contains clevor dramatic writing, beautiful solos and fino ensembles. The solo parts in the cantata will bo taken by Miss Lalla Miranda and Signor Buzzi, the accompaniments being supplied by the Molbourne Amateur Orchestral Society. The remainder of the concert includes various miscellaneous numbers. Mia3 Miranda and Signor Buzzi will c&oh; sing a solo, and together take part in a duet from The Huguenots ; the Ucdertafel choir will perform the Bncohus ! chorus from Mendelssohn's Antigone, and the orchestra are announced to play ballet music by Gounod and Ddlibes. Mr. Julius Ilerz will condtiot. Tho Peoplo's Promenade Coucert at the Exhi bition Building on Saturday night war woll patronised, and the piogrammo appeared to bo thoroughly enjoyed. One of the gems of tho evoning was a sostot from Luoia di Latnmormoor, by Mm. Palmer, Mian Ada Orossloy, Messrs. Beaumont, Gee and Turner and Signor Buzzi. Miss Ada Orosslcy nnd Signor Buzzi also ren dered with admirable effoot Lucantonl's duct, A Night In Vonicc ; a trio, Rest Thou on This Mossy lMllow, by Mrs. Palmer, Miss Ada Gross- ley and Miss Vera Goad, was liberally applauded, as was also a duet by Mcs-rs. Beaumont and Gee, entitled Flow Gcntte Dcva. Among the more phasing solos were Annie Laurie, by Mrs. Palmer ; Tho Englishman, by Mr. II. Stookwcll; tbo waltz song from Pirates of Penzance, by Miss Lalla Miranda; Tho Anchor's Weighed, by Mr. Beaumont ; The Moorish Maid, by Mr. II. Randall ; and Don Magnifico, La Ccncren- tola, by Signor Buzzi. A harp solo by Mr. W. T. Barker and novornl aello solos by Mr. G. E. Howard wero particularly woll reooivod. Tho military orchestra performed in tho grounds during tho evoning. Both tho Victoria And Gaioty Halls woro woll patronisod on Saturday, and at both plnoes attractive programmes wero thoroughly appre ciated. A novolty in the form of attraction for the pubiio is announced to take plnco in tho Exhibi tion Building on tho 24th, 25th and 26th March, when a Grand Cat Show is to bo held. The latest addition to Mr. Kroitmayer's extensive collection of wax colebrities is G. N. Taylor, lato maungcr of tho Land Credit Bank. 