THE FIRST SONATA OF BEET- HOVEN, OP. 2, NO. 1. - The following lecture was delivered at Bendigo by Professor Marshall Hall on May 10, in connection with the University Extension Lecture Movement: One of the profoundest of philosophers, who Trade music a life-long study, o s o it that melody records the history of the intellectually enlightened will. This will expresses itself in the actual world as the series of its deeds ; but melody says more, it records the most secret history of this in- tellectually enlightened will, pictures every excitement, every effort, every movement of it, all that which reason collects under the wide and negative concept of feeling, and which it cannot apprehend further through its abstract concepts." A sonata of Beethoven is the autobiography of a great man's soul; therein is. revealed to us the world as it lay revealed to him. Long- ings, aspirations, 'joys, sorrows give" place to one another in quick succession. as the wonder melody flows on, display ingot every moment some new scene in the panorama of the heart. This revelation of arthritis possible in existence it is which,niakes'music so all absorbing and irresistible a study when once one has attained a sufficient degree of musical perception to understand this miraculous art, this life within life. No musical training which has not such an understanding as its one in perative aim is worthy any consideration on the part of sensible men. There is no labour so great, no patience so tried, but will be a thousand-fold repaid by the joy which this knowledge bestows, and which is open to any and every one capable of earnestness and perseverance. Religion has ever been the great outlet for the human feelings, and all religions are a picture, an allegory of the truth. When, then, the pessimistic tendency of religions is noticed, ever leading to asceticism, to depreciation and renunciation of the seeming joys of life, it will hardly be wondered at that in those works of art which rank the highest the same view of life are found expressed, and with all that vitality and potency with which art, and especially music, invests everything. On most of Beethoven's muster-works is impressed deeply and forcibly the feeling of the meeting, variable, delusive character of earthly joys and the hungering after substantiality and stability, which is the most distinctive mark of the masterpieces of both Shakspeare and Goethe. Cries Hamlet M 0, that this too too solid flesh would melt, Thaw, and resolve itself into a dew ; Or that the Everlasting had not fixed His canon 'gainst self laughter ! O God I O God How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable Seem to me all the rites of this world !" And Faust echoes " So taunts' Ich von Begierde zu Genusz Und his Genusz ler-cntnaclit ich each Begierde. Und so Ist minds Dasein line Last Der Tod envy assent das Leben our earliest. Although in Beethoven the utmost joviality, sometimes approaching even to boisterous ness, is to be found, together with indeed almost every possible variety of feeling, the greater part of his work is tragic in character, and speaks of the pain and bitterness of life Even in his divine slow movements- where his soul seems to have created for itself, out of its very emptiness an ideal world of love, fraught with all that which was denied to it in actual lite-a pro found tenderness of melancholy pervades the melody That to the thinking mind tinged) is ever of the deepest interest, and gives the greatest pleasure and satisfaction, is readily explicable 'the founders of all systems of religion and philosophy have ever preached the subjugation of the will as being the one aim of existence The will, which exhibits itself in man as an endless throng of desires, the satisfaction of which only results in new desire, whose frustration is the cause of unhappiness - this will has been ever held up under one form and another as the cause of all human ills That civilised peoples are strongly conscious of this is shown by the admiration and praise bestow ed on all those who have in a readily recognisable were destroyed in themselves this will who sacrifice the comforts and luxuries of life, and even life itself But though every man in his heart knows that this subjugation of the will is the noblest and highest achieve- ment of mankind, so hard to accomplish ment is the task that the majority of people give it up as impossible, and then attempt to justify themselves by pretending to deny the truth of the doctrine, which in unguarded moments however, they have amply confirm For this reason religions and philosophies which are to be popular have to radically modify the truths they profess to teach Thus we find at the present day that the uncompromising doctrines of Jesus of Nazareth have by the various churches, or joint stock religious companies, been doctored up to suit the market For unpopular teachings do not pay, and the church must have her Lambeth palaces, even though the "Son of Man' had not where to lay his head Now even as the greatest joy, i e, satisfaction of desire has but a brief span of life, and is speedily succeeded by a longing for (something new, so that music which depicts nothing but the elation consequent on such satisfaction must soon become wearisome But music tragedy includes all possible states of feeling, and thus all possible variety Moreover, a true picture of the world, of life, of man's self is presented, inasmuch as the constant fading away of joy and the innumerable illustrations of the will are depicted to a marvellous minuteness The nature of existence is revealed to us in a perfectly painless manner The individual is enabled to understand, and become one with all creation He who has subdued the will finds satisfaction in re experiencing life by this artificial means, entirely without harm to himself or others and in observing the ceaseless yet futile efforts of the will to satisfy its insatiable appetite, for thereby he gains courage to continue in his asceticism On the other hand, he in whom the will is unconquerable finds relief from its continual spurring, and takes a pleasure in regarding, us from a distance, his own vain struggles It must be admitted that this music will always be most obnoxious to the man of shallow intellect and feelings, for in him the will exhibits itself as a force only restrained to a small extent by his surroundings , its satisfaction is not merely an unfortunate necessity to him, but is actually the one object of his existence Anything then that reminds him that this very will is an evil force to be restricted in every way will be hateful to him as from a poison, he flies from the profound and sweet melancholy feelings and thoughts which such music arouses, and he seeks a music which shall tell him plausible and comfortable lies which shall flatter and strengthen his will Hence the so called drawingroom music of the present day and much other suchlike pitiful she ft The first Sonata of Beethoven, though one of his smaller works, is impregnated with that profound sense of truth common to all Comparing the first movement with that of the Sonata Pathetic, which I analysed some time ago, one is struck at once by the less general and more individual character of the melody In the latter our sympathies were forcibly directed to the lot of humanity in the former an especial type is selected, even as Shakspeare selects his Hamlet Indeed, the emotional element in Hamlets character is so closely allied to this of Beethoven that a short discussion of it will greatly help to make the sonata intelligible to you M here's all thinking men are agreed on the emotions which are aroused by poetry 01 music, everyone draws a different moral conclusion therefrom naturally so for the artist does not preach Upon his, hut draws life When, then Mr Henry Morley prefaces his excellent edition of Shakspeare by attributing to the great poet a desire to awaken in us a few very trite, conventional and doubtful moral sentiments, we feel inclined to rejoin ' Many a highly moral saw 1 tone this play wiseacres dm Nothing scatter their pious bent Nothing -sat e what Shakspeare meant ' To this amiable but ultra pious gentleman every play is a sermon, and every sermon illustrates a church patented moral maxim, but VV he could have the heart to quarrel With Hal Morley and his moral Lake n area from the pod, Out it pops and he thanks God ' ' Tew surely can think with him that Shakspeare meant to hold up the elbow ing bully vertebrae, or the ungenerous, treacherous Laertes, as the ideal of humanity in contrast to the tender, gentle, sympathetic, reflective nature of Hamlet, which would not allow him to murder his uncle even when prompted thereto by his father s ghost, certainly the other pair would not have made two bites of him, but would have killed and eaten him promptly, without in any way impairing their appetites for breakfast-which annable energy seems to awaken Mr Morley's greatest enthusiasm If weapon to regard the great tragedy by the light of this sonata of Beethoven, we should remark that it opens by a pitying a man, whose ideas and feelings are far in advance of his age, thrust into a life in which he is urged to do, and accept as in evitable, all that is antagonistic to his nobler nature A middle or development section follows, in which is shown the struggle between these opposing forces and the end displays the result as death and destruction to the finer human element, while the blind will-force survives, as is typified by the succession of Fortinbras. In Beethoven's work, also, we find three similar sections, giving similar emotional impressions especially be the " recapitulation " section observed, where all the themes take their gloomy colour from the key of a minor, as if their individuality had been crushed out of them by some dominant, invisible power. If I may insist yet more on this point of view (which is but one out of many all of which are but so many different embodiments of the same principle, which principle music directly expresses), I would say that Hamlet is typical of the man of genius, born into a world that knows him not, and who is possessed of the irresistible longing to' accomplish his life-task, which brings him into opposition and conflict with the baser metal of humanity, whose ideals and aims are lower and more animal-like. The commandment laid on Hamlet by his father's ghost is as the law of necessity which compels genius to lay aside his nature in order to gain means of sustenance, which is rendered to the last degree difficult to him so long as he asserts his true self. The ways by which he is forced to accomplish this are odious and well-nigh impossible to him. Hamlet's reluctance to obey, and consequent self-strugüle, are the unconscious assertion of his individuality, and when this succumbs, which is signified by the killing of his uncle, he succumbs with it; truly a very exact parallel with the fate of many of the world's greatest men. That which constitutes the tragic in "Hamlet" is not the killing of some half dozen people, though that is part of the unity of effect but the struggle which goes on in Hamlet's mind; while the two forces, which are there in conflict, are outwardly presented as the contrast between Hamlet's character and the uncon- genial, nay, opposite characters of the other persons of the play. But in Beethoven's sonata we are made, not merely to see, but to feel in ourselves these forces. In our own minds we feel the contrast between brute instinct and conscious noble endeavour ; we feel an ineffable sadness at our inability to realise this in actual life. Through Slink spence's play, and perhaps even more through Beethoven's music, this particular phase of life, which otherwise lies outside the experience and understanding of most is made clear and intelligible to us. Having once grasped it,. we can never afterwards join in the ignoble hue and cry ever raised at the heels of much-enduring genius for we cannot but recognise the mongrel character of men in general, and of their favourites, ever ready as they are to snap' at the hand which caresses them. a \- To some such mood as this do the anguished, protesting, opening crotchets of the music lead us, and, with the sinking triplets, fails also the heart, with a wailing sign of impotence. In these bars we seem to hear, as from the far, far distance, the echo of Beethoven's own life-loneliness, cast as he was amid a crowd of Laertes and of Fortinbrases, cursing and jostling each other in the ignoble effort to propitiate their tawdry world-god. There is a certain regrets I in these utterances, not dissimilar to that found in Hamlet's character, where he reproaches himself with not having the same , impulses as Fortinbras "I do not know Why ct I live to say, this thing, to do." " It is sometimes as it Beethoven blamed himself for having instincts and ideals above ordinary men. How full of complaint are the four quarters of bar 8, which need to be retarded, and to have a suggestive accent on the first of the group. It was some such feeling as this which forced from hamlet's lips the passionate cry " The time is out of Joint ; O, cursed spite, That ever I was born to set it right.'' Nor must the buss of these bars pass without comment for in Beethoven there is nothing without a purpose, contrary to the opinion of shallow minded incompetence. The bass contains within it the very essence of the harmony-, which, as I have explained in a former lecture, ever indicates the general character of the prevalent mood on the other, hand, it is pervaded bill sort of rude, cradle, half-developed rhythm, and lacks the other essentials of melody. Hence, in this sonata, as in so many of this great master's works," especially the C minor symphony, the bass gives the impression of an unconscious, terrible, resistless power which is ever spurring us on. It is analogous to the rudimentary forces of Nature, to that blind necessity imaged in the idea of Fate. Again, the tremulous movement of bars 30-32 is the counterpart of that extreme nervous tension, that involuntary tremor of the heart, which we experience at critical moments of life ; while the gasping chords of bars 41-48 seem to depict beyond all marvel very faintness of the soul. With the gradually melting character of the harmonies of ours 10-15 a. more soft and feminine mood prevails. What a depth of hanging is in the indescribable melody of 'bars-lfl-20, what fever-desire of companion- ship, of human love ! Do we not see Hamlet stealthily creeping to Ophelia, to take that one last look, if she perchance may understand him '! " He took her by the wrist and held me hard, Then goes he to the length of all his arm, And, with his other hand thus, o'er his brow, a . Ifc falls to such perusal of my face As he would draw it. Long stayed he so. At last, a little shaking of mine arm, And thrice his head thus waving up and down, He raised a sigh so piteous and profound That it did seem to shatter all his bulk And end his being." Ah ! this sigh, it is, from Beethoven's own bosom, that, like a ghost from another world, shakes our hearts with sorrow as it glides by upon the melodic stream and oh ! the pits fullness of the succeeding bars. " For He alone is there no happiness?" they exclaim, " for me, that am so capable of joy', so starv- wing-man?" and with the mounting quavers (burs 20-21 he seems to look wildly around him for some gleam of sympathy, but in vain. It is only the genius of a Beethoven which, having carried the emotions to so high a pitch, could, by the simple, yet divine, and revealing phrase which succeeds, have created so penetrating a climax as is caused by the sudden relaxation of the tension at this point. Shakspeare, so accurately conscious as he was of the power and limitation of language, aims at the same effect by a mere him" Thou wouldst not think how ill all here about my heart : but it is no matter." how perfect ! how unapproachable I What a world of pain does this little musical phrase, and this short, simple sentence open out before us ! Shakspeare and Beethoven ! Truly do they " bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus, and we petty men Walk under his huge legs and peep about To find ourselves dishonourable graves." By one of those rapid transitions which occur be frequently in both masters, even as in life it. self. the almost overstrained depression gives way to temporary station on crossing the double-bar. It is but short-lived. With the anguished E natural of the bass (bar 53), augmented by the subsequent G flat, the old mood returns in the intensified miners Here again will be observed a striking similarity in the form conception of the two poets. Pie cisely as Hamlet, in the development section of the play, attempts to postpone, and even to shake off, the evil necessity which pursues him and as, turn where he will, the dilemma confronts him, so that he exclaims " How all occasions do inform against me And spur my dull revenge I" so in the development of Beethoven's emotional idea we find the greatest prominence given to that theme the significance of which we endeavoured to describe as a longing for sympathy, for companionship, and as the mind, urged by this longing, wanders from object to object, vainly seeking that for which it hungers, so this theme passes from key to key, from mood to mood, only interrupted (bars 01 b2) for an instant as though to snatch at some passing shadow of its desire, till with the sinking melody all hope expires It will be observed that the inarticulate sob of bars 81 93 is derived from the first two notes of this same theme, the two notes in which perhaps the greatest degree of suffering is concentrated But his destiny no man may shun On Beethoven, as on Hamlet the shuddering sense of this creeps, with what polyanthus teresa, the next few bars reveal (03100) Truly dramatic is that crescendo, cul minating in the passionate cry of the initial melody. It is as if the woe of the soul, swelling beyond all endurance, burst forth into indignant speech Further it is not necessary to go From this point a terrible gloom overshadows everything One by one, like wan and woeful ghosts, the themes creep b), in the sombre, impressive e minor key of the chief mood Over all the burning hopes of yOuth descends death's ghastly dew They fail, flicker, and expire And such is the meaning of life, to how many weary souls Friends, this is the last of the series of lectures I undertook to deliver here in Bendigo I am well rewarded for my trouble if there be but one among you whom I have induced to take a more vigorous and serious view of life and art My final word to you is, learn to be noble learn to love the truth Nobleness and the knowledge of truth are only to be gained through suffering, or 86 m paths and lest the former be forced on you, neglect not the latter '1 Therefore, let everyone to his or her life task and, if possible, let this include the study of some branch of art, for therein are written the joys and sorrows of the worlds greatest and noblest minds tendent and these, and there is nought good nor evil but shall find some love or pity in your hearts "Art is art It is not water colour sketches, nor practising upon the pianoforte It is a life to be lived." 