Narrow tscape. I never told anybody how very, very near I I waa to death that nifht, juet a year ago; ! but as I can jjow Icok bcclr and calmly ra- j call eaoh thought, c-aoh word, each act, I think I will wii-'e it down as a warning to all who may find tbfemscivcs similarly eir cumttanced, hoping, with all my heart, that the number may be few. In the first pines, nay name ia Frederick Putnam. I am, and have b;en for tho last ten yeera, the foreman and book-keeper of the lame lumbering establishment of Wil liam Winston and Co., and hope to be for another decade,unless something better turns up. Mr. Winston is the resident partner anfl manager of the manufacturing part of the business. The other members of the firm,of which there ere two, live in the city, at the foot of the lake, and attended to the sales oi lumber,which we send them by veseels. Thia iB by far tho IargeBt share of what the mill cuts, although the amount of one sales directly from tha mill, to supply the country to tho west of us, is quite large. Well, ono cold September evening, just as I was preparing for hoir.o, I heard footsteps on the ground ruteidc, and presently the oflics door flow or.en, as though someone in haste had given it a push, admitting a tall, stout, well- tireesed man, with a email travelling bag in cno band and a shawl thrown over one arm. I was alone-Mr. Winston having gone to the hou=e seme half an hinr before, locking the esfe, ia which we kept our books and papers, and taking tbo key with him as usual. I had already closcd the damper to the stove, put on my overcoat, and was just in the act of turning down the lamp-but, of course, I waited. "Good evening, sir," Eftid the man, bustling up t) tho stove, r.nd kicking she damper opeu with his right foot. "Has Winston gone to the house ?" I anewared that he had. " When ? I was afruid of it." Tie drew out his watch-a very fioo one, I thought. " I shall not have tima to go up," ha BBid. "The tnnn is due in fifteen min utes." " I there anything I can do for yon i" I asked. ''I wanted to leava some money with Winston. I intended to atop in town a day or two, but I have just got a' despatch that calls me home." " What name, eir ?" " Anderson, of AndemoimHo." I knew him then. though I had seen him but once before. IIo had been ono of our beet western customrre. I said had been, for thcreason that duiiug tho p.ist y.ar he had r.ot been FO prompt. In fact, he waa considerably behind, and Winston had that very day told me to writo him, and " punch him up a little," as he expressed it. Tho letter waa then in the breast pocket of my overcoat. "You can leave the money with mo, sir, and I will give you a receipt." IIo eeerned to hesitate, which nettled ma somewhat. I have never blamed anyono since, however. " How much is my bill ?" he asked, eying me sharply. I GBvR-ercd promptly, for I had struck the balance not more than half an hour be fore : "Two thousand two l.ur.drtdand fifty pounds." " Humph 1 lesn than I supposed. Writs out a receipt for that amount." He left the otove, and cania and looked over my ehoulder while I was writing out the receipt. "It ia all right, Mr. Putnam. I know you now. You've been with Winston a long time. I can tell your signaturo any where." He drew from an inside pocket a large black wallet very round and full, and count ing out eleven different piles of bank-notes, ha told me to run them over. It was a short and easy task, for cach pile contained j'lat twenty ten pound notes. The balance waa in notes and sovereigns, end it took more time to oount them; but at laet we got it so that both were satisfied. At this moment we heard the whistle from the station. Anderaon sprung for his travel ling baa, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed the door, and counted the money over again. Finding it all riylit, I wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, and sii; ped it into my overcoat pocket. I did not feel quite easy to have so much money about mc, but as Winston's house was at leaat a mile dietant, I con cluded to keep it until morning, when I could depo. it it in the bank. I closed tha damper again, drew on my gloves, took the oiske key from the nail just over the door, s>mi stepped up to pot 0U6 tho light. As I did so, I saw a bit of paper on the floor, which, on picking up, I saw was the receipt I wroto for Mr. Anderson. He had dropped it in his hurry. I put it in my pocket, and thought no more about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would havo do no it then, bat as the last mail for the day had gone oat oa tho train which took Mr. Anderson, I could do it jast as well in the morning. Then, too, I was ia something of a huny that night, for I bad an appoint ment ; and I may as well state hero that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to my boarding place, ate my supper, and then went ever to Sir. Warner's, wearing the overcoat with the money in it as I did not feel easy about leaving it in my room. Carrie waa at home, ol course, as she was expecting me, and, leaving my coat and hat in the hall, I went into the parlor. I do not think a repetition of our conver sation would bo very interesting, so 1 will pass over it, merely remarking that nothing occurred to disturb me until I arose to take my leave. Carrie went into the entry for my coat and hat, that I might put them on by the warm fire, but she came back with only my hut. " Why, Fred, you certainly did not ven ture out on Buch a night bb this without an overcoat 2" " No cost J" I exclaimed, in a dazed sort of a way-for the thought of the money, flash ing upon me BO suddenly,had almost stunned me. The next moment I tore paet her like & madman, as 1 was. The coat waa gone I Then I was unnerved. I grasped at the stair-rail, and caught it just in time to sup port myeelf. Carrie came running out, her face turning pale with alarm. " Ob, Fred! are you 6ick ? Let me call mother and the doctor. You aro as white as a sheet," " No, no, Carrie I" I entreated. " There, I ambetter now." And I was better. I was strong, all at once-desperately strong. And what brought about this change? The simple receipt which I had in my pocket. Anderson had nothing to show that the money had been paid, and was not my unaided word as good as his? I waa foolish enough to believe that I could brave it through, and I grew confident and quite easy at once. "There, Carrie, I am much better now. The room was too warm, I gueas. So Eome Bneak-thiei lias dodged in and stolen my coatl Well, let it go. It was only an old one, and I'll have a better." '? But W23 there anything in your pockets?" asked Carrie. It ia strange how suspicious guilt will make us. I really thought that Carrie sus pected me, and an an^ry reply was on the j end cf my tongue. I FUpprerftd it, j however, and uttered a f&teehoi-a; h. j stead. .' Nothing of conseqaenoe, Carrie. A good pair of gloves and some other trifling notions." " I am glad it is no worse, Fred. Now, if you will wait just a moment, I will get yon ona of father's coats to wear home." Thus equipped I left her. Yoa cany guess that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refresh* ing. I never pasted a more miserable night, and in the morning my haggard looks were the subject of remark. " Why, Fred, you look as though you bad met a legion of ghosts last night," said Wineton. " What is the matter ?" "I havo had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a sickly smile. ? " And you'll have another, if you're not careful. You bad better keep qiiiet to-day. By-the-way, did yon write to Anderson ?" I do not know how I manaped to reply, for the question eet me to shivering from & ad to foot, and I was so week that I oould soarcely sit in my chair. I must have answered in the affirmative, however, for he Eaid: " Then we may look for something from him tc-morrow, or the next day?" Im mediately after he added, "Why, Fred, yoa shiver as though you bed the ague, and you are sweating like a butcher I You're siok, man. Game ! jump into my carriage, and I'll take you home." I was glad of the chance to get away, and reaching my room, I looked myself in. WinBton sent adootorround, but I refused to Eee him. Then he oama himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady came, then some of my fellow-boarders, but I turned them all away. Ah 1 tlioeo were terrible hours that I passed and the night ooming on brought me no relief. Can ycu not gueEB what I was meditating ? Coward that I was, I had at l&Bt; resolved upon Belf-dcBtruotion. 1 commenced my preparations with the same calmneaB and deliberation that I would have used in the most oommon transaction. I wrote a Bhort explanation for Carrie, another for Mr Winston, a third for my poor mother, and I Eeslcd them all, In a fourth envelope I enclosed the receipt to Mr. Anderson. All this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of death. It was Eimply a revolver, small and in significant enough in appearance, but all sisO:c:ent. Having examined the cartridges to make sure that there would be no failure, 1 eat, down before the fire, and placed the cold muzzle to my forehead. In another second I should have been life* Jen-}, but just as my fleger began to preBB the trigger there came a tap on my door. It sta-rtlcd me, and hastily concealing my weanon.Ioalled out that I oould admit no ens." "Not me, F/od?" I knew Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved face got the mastery of me. Q listly slipping the tell-tale letters, which 1 had frft on the table, into my pocket, I opened the door. " Ob, Fred 1 you are real sick," exclaimed Carrie, the moment the light lell on my faae. "Why did ycu not sent for me? Aren't you hotter ?" " Worse," I answered, huskily ; " but Carrie-good Heaven's I" As I uttered this exclamation I started back, and then forward; and then-I hardly know what, for, hanging aorosB Carrie's arm, was my overcoat! Recovering from my astonishment, I snatched it from her, and thrust my hand into the pocket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. You have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a madman, or the wild antics of those crazed with rum, or the groterque dancing of savages. Well, judging from what Carrie told me and from the ap- i pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to beiieve that, were it possible to concentrate the three above mentioned species of demons into one, tbeir capering and danoing would appear tame in compari son with mine that night. But I cooled down after a while, and just 1 in time to save Carrie's head a thump from the chair or the washetand, which I had selected as partners in my crezy waltz. Then I asked for an explanation. It was the simplest thing imaginable. I do not know why I bad not thought of it before. It was simply a blunder of Carrie's father. He had mistaken my coat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a small fortune was lying idly in one of the poekcta. Well, I didn't have the brain fever over the aiTdir, but-1 was next doer to it. I made a cl?an breast of the whole thing excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at self de struction. N j one ever guessed that part of it, and I tell it to-dsy for the fitst time. I sent Mr. Andersen his receipt, banded I over the money to Mr Winston, and went I right on with my duties, a wiser and better | man, I hope. And to-morrow, God willing, I I shall lead Carria to the altar. ! 