CONSECRiATION AND INSTAL LATION OF TIlE BISHOP OF GOULEBUIRN. THE BISHOPRIC. Arean no interregnum of over stvon montllho thle vecanuy jn the seo.of Gouleurn canused by the death of the late lemeuted Right eov. hecao Thomas D.D. has been filled by the oonsoecration nod installation of the Right ,Rov. . Chalmers R.D. as Bibshop. These ceremonies took place yesterday and bave created much interest in ecclesiasticl circles for some time past. The Bishop was electod by the diocesan synod on Otb Juno last at a special synod called by the vicar-geonoral, the Very Revy, Dean 1'ownall B.D., for that porpose, The election was conducted under an ordinance passed by the synod at its session held in January 1891, which provides, on a vacancy occurring in the see, that a special session of the synod be convened by the person highest in ecelesiaetical rank in the diocese. Wheno the synod meets it ito open fur five persoens with their consent to be nominated for the office by a clergyman anod seconded by a layman. A vote is to b'talten and the name of whichever candidate receives a majority of both orders is to be esubmitted to the Bishops of the province for their approval, and on receiving their sanction the person so chosen is Bishop-elect of the diooese, and after eoneecratiou and installa. lion becomes Bishop of the diocese. In Jene last three names were submitted to an informal conference of the synod, and after a day's discussion it was agreed to take an informal ballot, nod that nwhichever candidate of the three named received a majority should be nominated and seconded to tie synod as the future Bishop. The' ballot resuloted largely in favour of Canon OChanlmers B.D., then incumbent of Brighton, Victoria. He was proposed in the synod by the Rev. G. Spencer of Bega and oecunded by Mr. John Davidson of Goolburn, and was uoanimotoly elected. The nomination wase submitted to the Primato and received the approval of all the Bishops of the province of Now Soutnl Wales. This election, witlh the exception of tlhat of Canon Baldwin chosen as Bishop of Northern Queensland in succession to the present Bilhop of Newcastle, was the first occasion on which a colonial clergyman wa selecelod by a diocesan synod for the office of its Bishop. Tile synod oxpreossed a desire that the con secreration of the Biselp-oleot should take place in hie iuture cathedral, that of St. Saviour's, Gouleurn. A difficulty hero roase as to the consecration taking place in the elnhny, be cause legal opinion was giveu that the Church of EnRland l'ropetty Act of 1889 did not pro vide for suech a sequence a consecration without the Queen's mandate, and conse quently esuch a consecration might invalidate certain trusts which the late Bishop held under tie letters patent. This opinion left two coerses open, either to apply to the Legie. lative Assembly for an amending cot, or elsea for the Bishop to go to England to be conse. cratod.tlhere uuder.the Queen's mandate, the form adopted there siute lhe privy council bad decided that letters patent ware invalid in self-governing colonies. The Primate, the Bishop-elect, and the cathedral council con ferred together on the subject, and it was de. cided to apply to the legislature for an amend ing nact. The uecessnry steps to introddeo a bill into ptrliament wore taken, tod the amending bill passed both Ihouses without any oertouse opposition and received the Goveroor's astent. Thise necessary noaction canused a delay in tie consecration, wich was first fixed to take place in St. Saviour's Cathedral on the feast of St. Michael and All Angels (September 29) or St. Luko'e' Day (October 18). ItI was how ever hubsequently fixed definitely lor All Saints' Day (November 1). In order to facilitate the attendance of those clergymen, tynodsmon, and church. wardene who wtere desirous of being present at the interesting ceremonies, the railvway cemmitnesioners granted them on presentation of an older sigocned by the Dean the conossion the double journey weto issued to the general public freom all stations. A large number ot tho clergy of thils diocese and lother dioceses tnod many lay members of the synod cnd clourcllwardens took advantage of the tonces sion given to them, but not a groat number of tlhe general public visited Goulburu on the occaoion. CAlBER Ole' BISHOP OCHALMERS. The portrait above given is a good litkeness of the now Bishop, and thie following epitome of his carecer will be of interest: Bishop Chalmers is a descoadaot of a For farshirs family, who had settled in London before his birth. He is about fifty-foe youears of age and received his early eduoaaltion in a London public sohool. When he was thirteen years of age, in consrquenca of ill-bonlth it was found necessary for him to leave Lon don, and lie went to Scotland, whera Ie pur sued his studies at a publia school in that country. He afterwards beeamrn a student of St. Andrew's University. He left thli uai versity without toaking a degree and took up the legal prolfssio into London. Findiug thea law distasloeul, he becameso a tutor in ua grammar-scoaol at Twikionham near London. Whilst thus employed he became impressed with the needs of thie mission-field, and with a view of preparing limsalf for that work he ecoamu a stu ent of St. Augustino's College. He was an irmlae of the l olloge hfum 1855 to 1857, and during tihat period he obtainuod soveral prizes for classics and theology, and the missionary essay prize in 1857. He also in that year is his final examination took a first- class in mathemnatiaocs ad Hebrew. He was ordained deacon iu 1858 ind priest in 1859 by lire Bishop of Labuau and Sirllwak, and laboured under tila Society for the Pro pagatior of the Gospel in Foroign Parts, in the Island of Boreco from 1858 to 1861, lwhen his Ihealth compelled hrim to seek a more ge:nial clmantr. Daring his stay in the inland his zeal ra? displayd in the coupiln tiou of a vorcab!ary of theo Dyak languago and the ttnnslsrtion of portions of the scripture and thu chlurch liturgy into that language. He sought res:uratiutn in Victoria, and taking a liking to eua niul work he has laboured in the diocese of Melbourne Irom 18612 up to the present time, a period of thirty years. During that time he has held the following inoumbeucies:-Iuglewooid (a milling dis trios), from 1802 to 186B; Miuslmeasbury and Taradalo (agrioultur.tl districts), 1868.1870; Ityneton (an agriacultural town),. 1870-78; OGeelong (a largo provincial town),; 187-889 Brighton (a suburb of Mlelbourae), 18899.'2 It will be soon from this that during lhis ministry in the dioceo oft Mdelburn ho hias been stationed in parishes of a nature similar to those hIe will meet with in his new dioceae, and thus will be in an excellent position to give advice to his clorgymen on the various needs of their parishes. It is only natural to suppose that a elargy. man of no Ihng standing and possessing tise attainments thast 3ishop ChaIlmers does, would receive some of the preferments at tached to tire diocsae in whrich ho laboured, and tire felloesing is a list of those he has hold, Hlie bas beena canon af St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, rnd a member of the chapter since 1879, and of the dlioeoosan oauurcil, to bth reof which appointments he was elected by the votes f the churchb as soembly of tub Melbourne diocese. He was aalsi one af the Church Etenasion Com. missioners; a roproesatlirne to hb Gaeneral Synod of Australia ntl Tasmania, ane of the hfard of electors for tlio election of bishop in ,aso of a ancaseo otoUrriig in the sse of luflbourne, onb of tihe committeeo of patronnge to va'ant pnrilhec, oneo of the Board of Mnangomentof the Superannuation Fund, and ooe of the Board of Misoioso, to most of whioh appoinlmento ht was elected by the votes of his fellow.-clergy and the lay emheroro ofl the cl,u,ch ',mbhly. Dring hlis iaocumbeaty at ~yectrn le hoeld tLhe olli of rural dean from 1817 to 1878. During lia ministry in Victoria tho Bishop, then generally knowrn as Canon Chalmors, was recognlsed as a rctive and zealous clergyman, energetic and fair minded, hie stroog character tampered by a conciliatory disposition. Hie powers of organiaation being fortified'by groat notoral taot in the management of mob, ho has stood out promi neatly amongst tIlhe olergy of Austrolia n0 a man for whom preforment was assured, and now thoat it has 'corao it in to remove him from the ploacid nuridnodiegs of bis ihoum= boney at St. Androw'e, Brighton, to a scene whore there has behn much turmoil and con fliert, whera le will havore ample scope for the exercise of hin masterly powers and his con eiliatory address. Some point was made in the conferoene hold during the session of the oynod to dist cuss the qnualifications of the peronoa whot? names had been submitted for the ohoioe of a bishop to the effeot Ihrat Canon Chalmoro had not obtained a degree at St. Andrew's University; but the Rev. A. Duncan of Cobargo, a fellow-student of Canon Chalmers, explaino that it woas almost the inrvariable practice at that university for studentg who did not intend to enter the ministry at thot time not to take up thIe courSe of stud, noceossary for a degree, but to follow tiia coarse of study requisaite to lit them for the profession they intended to puresue, and when at the unirorsity Canon Chalmern intended.to follow theb law. However hie literary attainments have been rcrognised, for in 1888 tha Trinity Unioveraityof Torontoi Canada, conferred upon him the regree of Bacholor of Divinity, and last year .h was made an honorary fellow of St. AugUlatine's College, Canterbury. Bishop Chalmers is the fourth bishopl from the ranks af atudento of St. Auguatino's College. The other three were Binhop Straohao of Rangoon, Bishop Key of Kaffraria, and Bishop Pinkham of Sas katchewan. Bishop Chalmers about twenty yearu ago married Miss Francis, daughtcr of a well known renident of Tarnagulla, Victoria, but he has no children. MORNINGO PRAYER. The ceremonies ef tho day were com menced with morning prayer in the cathedral at eight o'clock. The congregation consisted principally of the clergy in attendance. The prayers wore read by theo Roev. A. Yarnold of Christ Churlch, St. Leonarde. Tho Psalmo for the day were read alternately by the olergyman and tho.. congregation. The Venitr, tho To Doom, and the Benedirtue were rang. Theo first losson, Wisddm'iii to verse 10,"owa read by the Rev., Canon S. Simm of Raymond Teraoce, and the second leeson,.Hebrews ai from versoe ? and xii to verao.21, was read by tie Rev. W. C. Pritchard of'St. Paul's, Geolong. THE CONSEBCRATIO CEREMONY commenced at eleven o'clock and lasted for about three hours. It was witnessed by a largo and attentivo coogregation. 'be asr. vice was faoll choral and was rendered in a most effectivo style by the choir, which con. aisted of twenty-four boys, twentay man, and twenty-three ladies, making a total of sixty-seven voies. The RIo. Dr. Corlolte of Ashflold officialoed as Precontor. For some weeks past lae chaoir have been practising three or fbur times eanch weeok, and their performanoe yesterday showed that they had benefited by the tuition theoy had received from Mr. F. W. Harmer, the cnthadrol organist. That gentleman received the greatest assistance from Mr, F. C. Burry, organist of St. John's Church, Wagga, who noated as choirmaster, and other winose aided Mr. Harmeor.by taking the orgon ocooasonally. On the occasion of the opening of the cathedral iu April ;1881 'Mr. Burry raendered valuable assistance to Mr. Harmer, and so pleased was thabt gentleman with his help on that occasion that he nover'uader takes any elaborote service without having him for his right-hond man. Mr. 'F. Sharp, organist of the Goulburn Wesleyan Oburch, helped to make the services effective by taking part in the choir. The playiog of Mr. Harmer is well- khnown and it is only neres oary to eny that ow this occasion ha did him snlf every justice as a professor of mousic. Though at the disadvantage of having hin insatrumoent so far away from the choir, tih combination wnas compluete. Iti is stated that the choir of yesterday was one of the most complete aver organised in the colony, anod throughout the whole eor vice it wans evident that they recognieed the firat principle of sucoua- disaipliae. Mr. Harmer is, we believe, responsible for the pracessionaol and tih whole of the music at both services. He in to be congratulated on the success of his efforts to make the musical portion of the services worthy of so ioteresting and im portant oa occasion. Tia'Bishopn and Bishop.elect met in the Bishop's vestry;:whilst: the preacher of the consecration sermon (t'e Caubn Vance D.D. aof .Kow, Victoria) and the various biehops' chaplains anesrembled in tite clergy's vestry. The other, olergymona.tho lay membeia of the synod, the cathedral council, and the choir assembled in the late pro-cathedral. At eleven o'clock a procession was formed from that building, which wasn joined at the sountiher door of the cathedral by the DLou and IMr. A. M. Belts, acting chancollor, and at tho bishop's veatry by the hihiope, the bishop-elect, with their chaplains in atteandaoace, and the preacher. The precession than marched to the western door by which it entered the cathedral in the following order: t'haehoir, who kept excellent time and marched as one man ; the pre centor, the verger bearing a staff an badge of his office; the syeoodamen ; the catlhedral conucil; the visiting clergy, the Rave. D. Murphy (North Waliooghby) and A. D. Stoddard (Sutton Forest), Sydney diooeso; the Reve. J. C. Lova, W. W. Mantoll, and \- Allen from tihe diocese of Melbourne; the Dean of Newucanstle (the Very Rev. A. L. Selwyn); and the Rov. J. E. Dwhnig,ohao. lain to the Bishop of Jerusalem ; the clergy of the diooaee of Gouihura, tho Iove. P. M. Flinn B.A. (Tarago), AER. Shaw (Germonton), A. Duncan MI;A. (Cobargo), W. Jordan M.A. (Gegddzeribk), J. 5* Dobson (Braidawood), F. Richmoud (Burrows), J. Beau (Binda), O. A. Carver (Young), A. I. O'Reilly (roorekwll) ; F. Bevan B. A. (Cooma), T.'Symouds (Quoea b"yno), A. C. Mosley (Marulan), J. Studas (Junoe), J. A. Nawthb M.A. (K'a+meruka), H. J. Rose Edwards M.A.a (Guudagai), R. eaigh (Tumat), J. 'Scott (Bungendore), W. M. Marlyn (Taralgo), G. Soaras (remura), J. Hi. Williame (Gunning),' G. Spencer (Begh), H. E. Thomson (Tomat), A. T. Pudldc.mhu B.D. (Goulburn), P. G. Smith M.A. (Can. hmrra), and Canon Sarre (WVest Goulburu); The Dean ; tlhe acting chancellor; tle preacher; the Binhop- elect, attended Iy hlis anoting chaplain (the Rev. W. C. Pritcbard; the Bishop of Melbourne (thu leigat Riv. Dr. Gee) with hie ehaplaine (the Revs. J. R. Garland and J. T. Stutch); the Bishop of Brisbaneoo (the Right Roy. Dr. Whebbr) at tended by hia acting chaplain (the Roev. Canon D'Arocy-Irvino .D.); the Biehop Riverina (tho Right Rev..Dr:'Liiton) and hin acting chaplain (the Rit. Canon Bettes) ; the Bishop of Newcastle' and hib chaplains (tlba Rove. Canons S. Simm and F. D. Bode); tio Bishop of Ballarat and bi acnting chaplaiea (tieu Rovra.Canon Fanutao and KaiagNmill); the Primate the most Rev. Dr. Sm?,aorez Smith) and his chaplains (the Rov.J. Gliuffera Welsh, Canon Shatrp, and A. Yarnold). Biishop' stffts wereo carried by nud of to chaplains to the Priimate and by chaplains to tihe Bihopsof Ballarat and Melbourne. Thu Bishopa of Ballarat, Riverina, Brisbane, and Meolbourne wore their scarlet ohimera, or Doctor's degree, whilst tlhe other bishops wore the hoods of their' various colleges. The procession as it waoded its way up the ncva was an impoeiug speotacle. During tlho march through the building tho hymn, theClaaeula'a ouot oundalion, wasnaung. Co tile aooelasion'at the hymn sad ahialst the Bishopa took soots in the sauctuary, the cathedral chapter and clergy in the choir, and the syodameuu and cathedral aouncll in the nave reserved for them, the cathedral organist played an a velnntary a part of Athslie. Tie service began by the Primato repeat. lug the opening collect of the consecration oservie. Thenbfollowed tLie iommandmoante the re'sohboi to wiicb wore chanted by the choir. The Bishop of Nowoastle road ithe Epistlo, 1 Timothy, iii, 1, from the side of the holy table, nod the Bishop of Iiverina road the Gospel, St. John, xxi, 15, from tile north side. The Nisene Creed (music by Dr. Dykes) was thn chanoted. The doctor is one of the few writers of modern churbch music of any note. Every attention was paid to the rendering of tile chant, moro especially that portion, "and was e: ?ldfi :." The Roy. Canon Vance D.D. thon delivered the consecration sermoo, no follows, taking for his text 1 Timothy, iii, I,-" This is a true saying, if a man desire the ofilco of a Bishop he dosiroth a good workl." Thile true saying of the text, whotheor a proverb current among the believers of St. Poauls day, or whether we hear in it a tragment of sose forgotten liturgy, or a prophetic utterance from somo firot.century ordination service, as it furnished tihe Apostlo with tih keynoto of Ihis teachiog upon the Bishop's offic, may servo the preacher to-day as the text of his discourso ot a Blshop's consecration. Nor will it suit his occasion tlh worse, that the oversight of which St. Paul wrote was that of a single ofles and not of a group of eogregations, tlhat the Bishop wholss work hs praises was rather an older among the brethren than a pillar of the building; for if io found so much emphati cally to extol in thle lower offlce is the narrower field, what would not have been his witness had ha been in a position to boar it to tile value t tioe lchurch of the more extenoded suopcrintendnco nod the more exalted giftll. W have had experienho in tllesc lauds of the very 'good work " the Apostlo Ihad in his mind is the labours of faithful .od devoted pastors in tlhe immature communities of forty years back, when ehurch organisation in these colonies was in its rudest stage; who yet amid great discouragement and dilfficultios laid the foundations of the chlureh 'of the future deep in the lives and affeotions of tihe 'people. And we remember the serious draw bocks to their work, the obotacles to growth and progress, oven to aoy general sense of the corporate lif of the churbch, from the sparse ness and isolation of their congregnations anod tho want of any reogolsed and quaolified head. And in contrast to this, we have had proof of the good work of the Bishop using the title in its modern sense ; how, whes ie came, he was found to embody and express bthe very principles needed to givo stability and order to what hsd before been inchoate and confused. Tile Bishop, like Iris catoedral, is first of all a symbol of uonity. All tihe energies, powers, ministries of thebs dioeose run up into his office, aod are gathered into his hands. Wilserever he is found he re. presents and impersonates the spiritual activities and lifs of his church. As wo unroll the chronicles of the past, how one veonerable figuio after another seems to rise and speak for the society over which ho pre sided. Here a Polycarp stands for Smyrna ; there an Igontius for Antioch ; Augustiuo re presents Hippo; Chlysostom, Cosstuotinoplo ; Cyril, Alexnodria-always, everywhere, in actual history, or in Apocalyptic preface, the angels answering for bhe oherches. We do wellto remind ourselves that by the Lord wnalkig among the candlesticks the church is esen as a group, not of congregations with their pastors, but of dioceses with their Bishops. There is no greater obstacle in this day to broad views of church government or to enlightened methods of church work than the narrow parochialism which knows ns interest outside its own borders, will make response to none but local appeals, nod, whlile'it spondo generously upon church and school buildings, counts contribution to a aothedral mere prodigality and waste. But in it only our paroechialiss that is iu fault ? On that mystical ladder; whichb begins with the individual believer and ends with the church universal, you hiave noo more right to call a Ihalt at the discese tlhan ot tlhe parish. What moans then this jealousy so often entortained of Provrioc and general synod, making us guard so vigilantly onr~right, if swe will, to reject the one and to refuse the determionations of the oither. Do wo think our orlganisation complete when we have brought in the Bishop to be tho corner stone of our local edifice? Or does not thebs Bishop himself witness to a wider diocese in whilch he and his brethren of the same order staond together as elders of the universal lchurch, under an invisible Shepherd and Bishop above all ? Federation is no new principle to the Church of Christ. The one Spirit is ever working to makoe all who believe into one body ; and I know not indeed- how any effectualsstand is to bemade at this day against the irreligion and immorality that are doming in like' a flood, unless by oar marching and fighting, not in straggling companies, but as a united body, uplifting tlsa common standard, and fronting together in Christ's name the hoIsts of the unbelieviog and thie unloly. But there is one form of federation that finds favour with many from which we must hold oorselves doboarro3. I cannot wonder, in the deep loyalty and affection we feel for the church whose name we bear, and whoso children we call ourselves, if we sometimes please ourselves with the dream of a federation of English. speaking churchbes ounder a Patriarch at Caonterbury. Bot wes must not be so ambition?s of unity as to meonace unity, or so venerate tile past as to embarrass the fouture. Called of God to build up in these colonies a churc? to His glory. wo have no right to turn aside from that our proper work to aid in setting up a new churoch empire that might even come one day to east a portentous shadow over the liberties of' Christendom. No, our very loyalty to the church of our fathers forbids the thoughit. Children of that august and holy mother, we revere her name, ihe ritual, her stately minseters, her venerablo societies, her myriad activitieo for worship and for work. We are bound to her by filial piety in an iudissoluble commuoion. We coust it almost sacrilege to change the least of her rubrics or tamper with one of her articles. These are unalterably ours, not becausoe we are in bonds to any eotablishmeont eross the' sea, but hecause they are our Iheritage, the daughter's portion from her motlsr, part' of the lifo ohe drank in at her bosom, and of the lessons she learned -at her. knoee. And among those lessons never to be forgotten, we beep Ihold.upos this, that the Chuorch in any land, if it is to develop fruitfully, must developi froeely. and" that no prince or priest from without, for however excellent an end, or by Ihowever ancient a title, bh allowed jurisdiction within lier borders. But part of tile good work that appertoins to a Bishop is to wituess for osaler aoss rsle. That is thls peouliar funstioo and prerogative of his toinistry,-'to bring'dit and exhibil the Hend ship of Charist. The pastor has natbority sover tsis Sock, but not amounling to headship. It the general depeodenoce indeed of tho clergy upon their people in these latter days, the ruling elder has so declined into the minister, that hin authority has well-nigh vonislled from men's minds. But in tihe higher romm of the episcopato there is a re appoearance of undisputed rule. And ohl of wllat unopotakble importonco it is to the Church and to the world that we should have chiefs and leaders who can tueach the men of this geonration what the spirit nod law of Christian government is. I know nothing which the men of this day more require to he taught tioun how to rule, unless indeed it be how to obey. This is an age in wlhich political power, that onca was held by the few, is pass log into tihe hoods of the many, while indue trial ownership that once was shared among Thousanods of rtifloers and traders is now the monopoly of a small and dimininhing nirele of directors mhd employers. The lesson thon as to the ruepooribilitien and rights of rulers, nod ason to the very moaning and' end of rule, needs to bo.widclyliuculoated on high and low, if mobs are so longer to tyrannise, nor com panies to oppress. And it is for thelo iustruc lion and benefit of all that God has net in His cloreh a conspicuous example of authentic rule after a true and heavenly pattern. The Bihop inodoed is no spiritnoual outoorat, but a constitutional governor. In things spiritual, as, with no man over him, he orders worship, maintains tio inviolability of the faith, hanishes from his diocese oas from a garden enclosed all influences noxious and evil, we may see in him some faint copy and present. ment of thle Priest upon the Throne; but whon he comes down from this height to handle the temporalities orthe church, he has to fall back upon his office and gift as deacon, anod it is no little to our ehurch's detriment and thle dnageroun lowering of a spiritual force, it t!orougl pressure of affairs we divert to the service .ufotftlslnhat is given for the oversight of m0di°'Inttt??d of providing solid and able counollors to relieve their Bishop of what is eartlhlier and more secular in his t hargo. But constitutional rueor though ho be, let him still bo ruler, and not, after the manner of conetitutional government in these latter days, des'end to be a mere symbol and lshadow of an authority that has departed. Let him know that part of thle good work whicoh has been given him to do, ia to be a living power and authority in hie Master's house, to show to tho world tihe spectacle of governmoent exaerised, under God, purely for God's glory and the people's good, in the spirit of inflexible righteousness and dis interested love. But the Bishop represents to en again the reality of the spiritual and unseen. Here among us in the. light of every:day lifo we have a man bearing undeniable rdlo, yet who holds his onfice of noneo, vho hoe no superior in his special rank and ministry, but derives his dignity aond eminence from an altogether invisible and uanquestionablo source. We have no other similar instance thatwe can point to. If it is asked, what made this jodgo a magistrate? or vhat made this soldier a general? or what made this man a ruler among his fellows? the answer is ready. Each aen allow his warirant under kImdown soeal for the power or precedence whioh he elaime. But what made this Bishop what he in? Not.lototers patent; not installation at any man's hands. Not royal ohoiee or popular election. Not any of those ; hut the same power that of old made Aabron priest, and Sulomou kiug- the precious oil of anointiug, the Holy Ghost given to this day by the imposition of hands. 'bThe BiShop, moving about in bin diocese, ordaining clergymen, confirming children, bleessing and shepherding Ihie flock, is a weitnes to uan in an unbeolieving generation that there is not merely a stream of tendencies in the world making blindly for righteousness, but a power and presence, workting consciously and continually bthrough aervaet and ordi noanoco for the edificaotion of the body and the sanctification of those who believe. IHave I not reason then, alter St. Paul, to describe the Bishop's office as 0 good work? Can there be better or worthier work than to be thus in his own person a witness for unity in 0n age of strife and division, for rule and government in a generation of lawlessness and revolution, for the spiritual and divine in a day of general falling away from old standards of faith and doctrine, and of blank denial by the cultured and the ignorant alike of miracle, of revelation, of God? But if the work b soe important, how important must also be the seleetion of the workmanl And hero how can I but thank God and take oourgo whoen I think that one of our own nlergy, whoseo ministry has been fulfilled in the colonial field, htas been chosen to occupy the seat of the justly venerated and beloved prelate, to whoso zeal and industry this diocese owes its prosperity and this house its ereetion. Lot no one dream that we lhave aught bat gratitude in our hearts for those Bishops from home, the learned and saintly men who carried to us the torch of piety from English altars to kindlo a flame oe our awn, who have done work amongst as that will never be forgotten while Australia has a churoh; and have left to us their inepirc ing examples of constancy and devotion. It is nothing bat the truest testimony to the wise teaching and stimulating influence of such shepherds of the flock as Bishops Barlter and Perry, Shket and Nixon, Tyrrell and Thomas -on All Saints Day we linger lovingly over the names of the holy dead-that among the sons .they have brought up men should be found fit by common consent to enter into their labours and to finish their work. Of the Bishop of your choice-my dear friend and companion of many years, now dalled from this hour to take up the burden of so great a duty and ministry-ere yet the con serroting hands have toeched him, er the holy ehrge linas been spoken, I have something that I would say. I used the words, "called to take up the burden." And I was not thinking merely of that formal invitation and appointment which he received at your hands, thouglh I cannot doubt that the Spirit of God was with your synod, guiding them to a right choice and heavenly vocation. But to me, looking bhack over a distance of thirty yeare, his call seems even then, though faint and far off, to have been unmistakably audible, Who can mark bow the events of his lifo foil out, as if they had been planned for such a consummation-hin early theologic training, far more extensive and complete than could be needed for the foreign mission.field to whibch he was bound; his varied pastoral experiences, now in the remote bhsh, now in ann country parish after another, in the quiet rural centre, in the olty church with its busy congregation, nod again in the wealthy sulburb by the sea, acquainting him at each chnange with new soial conditions and a different phase of church work', at each removal bringing new powers into exercise and new qualities into play; the singular development, too, in all these changes, of his directing and organising faculties, outstripping the growth oven of those more pastoral dispositions in which we knew that he excelled; or his immediate eleotion, so soon as he was settled in Mel bourne, to so many public boards and councils, giving him practidce and skill in the different departments of churcoh administration-nnd not recognise that the Groat Head of the Church by all these wayn was training his servant for a nobler task than he had ever been appointed, and a higher ministry than he lhad ever discharged? And now called and ready he is hero with nous to-day before God, waiting for the" anointing spirit" to descend; and in the hush of that solemn expectation, silent must be tihe thought of eulogy, silent the pride of friendship, oilent the rejoicings of the congregation and the praises of the church, nd only every heart bo lifted up in prayer for the brother and equal that has been, for the bishop and father that shall be, that Ho who choso him out and propared him for tihe good worlk of sheplherding His iookl may enable him en well and faithfully to per form it, that when the Chief Shepherd shall appear hb may receive the crown of glory which fadeth not away. At the conclusion of the sermon Dr. Vance was re-conducted by the verger to his sedt in the choir. Tile Bishop-cleet was then coudndcted to the bishop's vestry by hin chaplain, and clothed himself in his roolcet. During his absence the following anthem by Gounod was sung: " Send out Tby light and Thy. truth; lot them lead me, and let them bring me to Thy hold hill. On the harp we will praise Thee, O Lord our God. Why, 0 my soul, art thnou sorrowful? and why east down within me? Still trust the loving kindness of thoe God of thy strength; and my tongueo shall yet praise Him who hath pleaded my cause. Thou wilt save thine anointed; Thou wilt hoar us from heaven. Thu' in chariolts some put their faith, they aro brought down and fallen, but the Lord is our helper, we shall not be airaid." - Thin is said to be the composer'e best anthem, reminding one of that beautiful song of his, Nazareth. The Bishop-ulect then roturned, and having been met at the vrestry by the Bishops of Nel bourns and Ballerat, wasee presented by them in the usual form to Lthe Primato for cennsora. tion. Tho Primate then demanded the certi ficatle of the confirmation of the same by the Metropolitan nid Bishop of tice province of New South Wales, and caused them to ho read by the noting chancellor. The oath of canonical obedience to the Primate of Aus tralin and Tasmania was thon duly adminis tered by tihe aotiong-chnncellor. The preseoont ing Bishops resumed their placnes within tils sanctuary, and the Litany was impressively chanted by the precentor and choir, ianl the proper suffrage as follows was inserted: "That it may ploaneeo Thee to bless this our brother elected, and to send Thy grace upon him, that ho may duly execute the ofioo whlcreunto ho is called, to the edifying of Thy Churolh, and to the honour, praise, and glory of Thy name." During the chanting of the Litany the Bishop-elect remained in a kneel ing position. At the conclusion of the litany the Primate repeated the collect seot downe in the Coneecra ti.n Sorvieoo in the Book oa Common Prayer, and the following questions of examination we?n put and duly answered by the Bishop elect, Quoostion : Are you persuaded that you be truly c lled to this mieistration, according to thc will of our Lord Jesus Christ, and the orier of this realm? Answer: I am so persunded. Qiestion : Are you persuaded that the holy sctilptnres contain sufoiontly all doctrine required of necesity for eternal salvation througlh faith in Jusus Christ ? And are you determined out of the same holy scriptures to instruct the people commlitted to your ohiargo and to tonch or maintain nothing as required of necessity to eternal salvation, hut tlhat which you shall be persuaded may be concluded and proved by tie enmo e? Answer: I am so persuaded, and detor mined, by God's grace, Question : Willyale then faithfully exercise yourself in the same holy scriptures and call upon God by prayer for the true understand. ing of tle same; so as you may bo able by them to teach and exhort with wholesome doctrine, and to withstand and convincea he gainsayers ? Answer: I will do oo, by the help of God; Question : Are you ready; with all faithfull diligence, to banish and drive away all errs; ?boue and strange doctrine contrary to God'i word; and both privately and openly to call upon and anceourog oth??s to the samd r Auswer; I am ready, tlihe I?ard boing tio helper, Question : Will you deny.all ongodlineed dnd worldly laste, and live soberly, righteaously and godly in this present world ; that you may show yourscll in all things an exaslplo of godd wdrks unto othero, that the adversary may hbe ashamed, having nothing to. say against you? Answer: I wilt do co, the Lord heing o ly helper. Qoaeliaton: Will you maintain and set for. ward, as much as shall lie inyon, quietness, love, and peaae amongst all men; and suech es be unquiet, disobedient, and criminous, within your diocese, correct arid punish, according to such authority as you have by God's word, and as to you shall be committead by the ordinance of this realm ? Answer: I will do so; by the help of God. Question Will you be faithful in ordain. ing, sanding, or laying hands upon others? Answer' I will so be; by the help of dGd. Question: Will you show yoiurself gantlo, and be merciful for Christ's salke to poor and needy people, and to all strangers destitute of help? Answer: I will so show myself, by God's help. Bootthor prayer by the Primate fallowed. After this the Bishopeblcet again retired to the vestry, and assumed the remainder of the episcopal habit. During his absence anethor anthem from Iteondelseohn's oratorio of 8t. Paul was sung by the choir: "How Lovely are the Messeongero that Preach ns the Gospel of Peace ; to all the nations is gone forth the sound of their words." On the return of the Bishop-elect, the Veni Creator Bpiritun was sung, the aougregation kneeling, and the Primate than read a prayer; after which the imposition of the bands of all the Bishops tooka place and authority to fulfil the oface of Bishop was given by the Primote, and the Bible delivered to the newly-consecrated Bishop, with the exhortation appointed in the consecration service. The offertory sentence by Barnby were most effectively rendered by the choir, during which the devotions were received by the officesrs appointed for that phtpoeeo and pre' l?onted by them to the Dean, who recesited them at the entranae of the ehoir and thee presented them to the Primato; The prayer for the Churoh Mtilitant wna road by the Erimato, afte whsich.tbhos of thu congregation who were not doslroot af par. taking of the Holy Communion retired, doting which timnd th organ was played softly. As soon as all who desired to db to had retired the Primato read the Invitation and the Bishop of Goulborn followed with the Confession; The Primate then proceoded with the Absolution and the oonsecration of the bread and wine. The Bishops first par. took of the communion, then the clergy, the bhoir, and lastly the congregation. The Lord's Prayer was then chanted, the Primate read the next prayer, the Gloria was chanted, and the Primato pronounced the Benediction. At the conclusion of the service the Dean received the devotions from the Primate, end the Bishops, clergy, choir, synodsmen, and cathedral council (in the reverse order to that of entering) left the building to the -roes. eional march, "Now thank we all our God," which made a fitting conclusion to a hearty and revoretial oservice. THE INSTALLATION CERIEMONY, took place last evening, beginning at half. past oseven and looasting for an hour and three; quarters. There was a large and devout congregation, The Bishops, clergy, choir, e&o.;, entered the cathedral in the same order nod line of march as at the eonseoration ceremony in the morning; the prooessional hymn being, "Tho Son of God goes forth to War," a beautiful hymn, but the tune: to which it is set is considered by musical oritics to be too secular. The service began with evening prayer, intoned by the pro. center. The pieces and respanseo were a new arrangement prepared by the organist and specially composed by him witlh the Idea of showing off hia choir. The opening-of the Magnificat is a stately march of praise und tuneful throughout. The Gloria has an elaborate fugue opened by the tenors, and the subject is so tuneful that throughout not lookled for the different leads and could follow them. The hope was expressed that this chant is not to be shelved, The None Dimittis was sung by the whole choir, but sounded like a quartette, so soft was it, This was artistic, as the choir had shown us in the previous work how loud they could sing, and this contrast just suited the wnrds-a lovely piece and beautifully rendered. The proper Poalms were the xcvi, oxxi, and cxxii. The first lesson, Joshua, i, I to 5, was read by the Rev. Canon Soares (senior canon), and the second lesson, St. John, xxi, 15 to 25, we read by the Bev. A. T. Puddieombe B.D. (incumbent of the pariah of St. Saviour). The anthem was, "How beautiful are the foet of them that preach the Gospel of Peace, and bring glad tidiegs of good things. Their sound is gone out into all lands, and their words unto the end of the world ;" from the Meseiah. The solo was taken by Miss Plhillips. It is hardly fitting to" eriticisee solo singing at a service, but the appropriate ness of the solo and the singer's reverential and beautiful rendering of the piece compel us to draw attention to it. With the weird oboe and flute obtigato of the organ it made one wish it were tonger. The outburst at the finish of the choir, "Their sound is gone out," told the true story of missionary work, and was exceedingly well rendered by the choir, reminding one of the opening of the cathedralwhen those gloriou chimes from the Messiah were given by a choir of the same number. At the conelusioln of the nanthem the Dean, standing at the entrance of the choir, read the Motropoliton's mandate, enjoining him to instal the Bishop, and the Biehop delivered to the Dean the official document of hie con secration, which the Dean habonded to the acting chancellor, who read the documents. The Bishop of Goulburn then made the following declarations ? I, William, Bishop of Goulburn, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this rhtbe. dral church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth,justice, and bcharity; not lording it over God's herltteg, but ondeavouriig to show myself in nal things an example to the flock. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. I, William, Bishop of Goulburn, do hereby promise to accept as binding upon myself, alt rules, determinations, ordinances, and reaolu. lions heretoforo made or hereafter to be made by the general oyood of the diocosee of the Church of England in Australia and Tea mania, ondby the synod of this diocese. And this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen. The Dean, as adminintratur of the diocese, then addressed the Bishop as follows :-" Ion behalf of the synod of Ooulburn, I, William Henry Powonll, Bachelor of Divinity, ad minietratar of this diocese, do hereby indue thee, William Chalmere, Bachelor of Divinity, into the occupation of the uee of iGolburo, nod into the possession, authority, and juris. diction which pertain to the Bishop of this diocese, in nccordouce with the acts nod reso lutions of the synod ; and I pray the Lord be with thee." The Dean, as administrator of the diocose, then repeated the .folluwiog collect :-"Oh, Thou good Shephord of the sheep, who bort gathered to Thyself a grant flock in oall parts of the world, aoceilt with Thy heavenly grace anil Bishops and postore, that they may lead Thy peoplo into good pastures and bring them safely to Thine eternal fold. Aod for this Thy Servant, who Ias been investeod with tihe office of a Bishlop, wo pray Theo that it may please Thee to gruant him snuo strength of faith and fervour of love and purity of life that he may one his oflice well. So we that are 'ay people and thl sheep of Thy pasture will give Thee thanlks for ever: Who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, livest and ruigneoost one God, world without end. Amen." Tle Doean thenou took the Bishop by the right haond and coduoted him to the threne, and uddressed him ao fowsoow :-" By vittoa of soy office as dean of thiCantlhedral, ando?e beholl of tlh olhapter and council of the saw', I do40 instal and enthrone thee in the posses. ioln, authority, fnad jurisdiction which per tiin to the BiQiop in tbis cathedral church of the diocese, In the name of the Father; and of the Son, and of the Holy Gho6t. Amen. And the Lord preserve thy, going out and coming in from this time forth for evermore. The To Doum was then sung; alter which the Bishop of Melbourne was conductetd to the pulpit by the verger, and ho preached the in siallition sermon. Tle text was taken from Speter v, 4 i "And when the cliit Shepherd shall appear, ye slhll receive a crown of ghlry that ftdeth not away. The preacher remarked that it was a happy coinoidenco that he should have chosen for his text that evening the closing idea of the sermon preaheod that morning on a day so plomoiabli :it the annals of the diocese of Goulburn, the mornipg witnessing the setting apart by the imposition of hands of one as Bishop of the dioeee, and that evening view. iiig him inducted into all the privileges of the sea and emphatically made the Bishop of the people of the diocese. The newly-inducted Bishop needed the prayers of all Christians that he might be filled with that grace iecessary to enable him to fulfil the offico of ibepherd of the souls entrusted to his care by the Chief Shepherd of the chuorcl. On the fettival of All Saints, that day, the church Es accestomed to think of those saints who li passed away and were enjoying a forataste in a very slight degree of the fall reward they dould receive when the hief .Shepherd came. At a time when the clergy's actions were being discussed everywhere it was well to dwell upon the promise of the text, and he would hare those of his brethren, the clergy, who felt distressed by their failures and the small recompense they see for their labomis to remember that the promise of the reward is to those who do a amuch as in them lies, and that the recompense is attached to the duty. Ho would remind them also that the writer of the epistle was none other than the disciple who denied his Master thrice, and after being questioned thrice as to his love was told what sort of death he should die and was directed to strengthen his brethren, a commission he never more fulfilled than when be wrote the words of the text. The great event to which St. Peter in the passage directed the attention of his brother elders wag the appearance of the Lord Jesus, an event for which the church has ever been waiting; but that He would manifest himself in a special way to His ministers was evidently the teaching of the scriptures. Their work is linked by the Holy Ghost with that of their Lord, and they receive every. thing from Him. Other avocations are of this world and will disappear at the. Lord's appearance, but the result of the work of the clergy will only then be made apparent, Commentators agree that the word translated "a crown" in the text referred not so much to the royal diadem as to a wreath of laurel worn by conquerors and as the great ques. tion to the clergy'is not their popularity but the number of souls they have been the means of saving, it was possible thot crown of glory may refer to a wreath of the souls seved by tbo ministrations of the clergy and this theory harmoniees with the rendering of other passages of scripture. He drew the attention of the clergy to the fact that their Master was taking notice of their labours in the church, in the sobool, in the home, at the siok bed, and in other places. Ha witnessed their disinterestedness, their cheerfulness in obeying His commands, and their humility, ild an a natural sequence followed the promise of the text. These thoughts re minded them of one or two lessons. The first was that a believing and expectant attitude towards the reward would stir us to diligence in seeking that reward. Secondly, that the contemplation of the subject would tend to concentrate the energies of the clergy to the saving of souls and raise them above earthly things. Lastly, the contemplation of the reward would give a death-blow to worldly ambition, and make the clergy not to care for popular applause, which was only superficial. In concluding his sermon the preacher paid a respectful tribute to the labours of the late Bishop of Goul burn, and spoke of the cathedral, so well adapted to promote devout worship, as the ohiol visible monument of his labours. He hopod that he and the present occupant of the sea would realise the fruits of their labour and at the appearing of the Chief Shepherd Would have the joy of beholding many souls saved by them an a crown of glory that fadeth not away. The preacher wan reconduoted to the sanctuary by the verger. The offertory collectione wero then gathered, during which theorganist played a part of the overture to the Hymn of Praise (Mendelseohn). The Bene. diction was pronounced by the Bishop of Goulburn, and the Biohops, clergy, choir, and synodsmen marched from the building in the following order :-The choir, the verger, the Primate and chaplains, the Bishop of Goul. burn and chaplain, the Bishop of Ballarat and chaplains, the Bishop of Newcastle and hoaplains, the Bishop Riverina and chaplain, the Bishop of Brisbane and chaplain; the Bishop of Melbourne and hbaplains, the Dean, the acting chancollor, the clergy of the Goulburn diocese, the visiting clergy, the eynodemen, and cathedral council. The re oessional hymn was, " Our day of Praise is done;" after which the organist played Bee thoven's Hallelujah, and the congregation dispersed. The Rav. W. W. Rutledge (.;esleyan) was present at both ceremonies, and the rev J. Fulton of Trinity Presbyterian Church was. present at the installation ceremony. PBESENTATIONS. At half-past ten this morning a meeting of the clerical and lay members of the synod was held in the late pro-cathedral, when an address of welcome from the synod was pre sented to the Bishop of Goulburn. The Dean as vioar-general presided, and seated on the platform were the Primate, the Bishops of Newcastle, Brisbano, Melbourne, and Gonl burn, and the Iov. A. T. Puddicombo. After prayer was said by the Bev Canon Soares, the Chairman called upon Mr. R. Maddrell of Braidwood, the oldest lay repro sentative of the synod present, to road the address of welcome. Mi. Maddrell then road the following addresn: To the Bight lRaccrnd William, by Divine Permission, Lord Bilmspi of Uuliburm. ~ay It please your Lordblp,--We, the members clerical and lay) ao the dioeofau synod of aoulbum, desire an this solemn and auspicious occaeon to record our devout and reverent thonauuneRo to the Divine Head of the church that It hath pleased Him so to order by His eoerneanc al thoe eoflrouco. and eonsultations ltho dioeshe thst tohe reolt hae een the thconsration ot your Lordshlp to the bihopric oft Goulbnra with i itn preroeattlvc and riehli by the Most Iorrand the Prihnate of Asetralla and the other right rceered prelatec mho ossinted him. And that yeoureonseeraionhe tohen OisorJiRa to tho claesy and laity oft the disccao the tredier and more ecnvenient n enaus nd opportuniltye vitoessieg the memorhble and improcssiv esremony than Iifo had ocurd chlschem, i al to a a sotrce of additional gratlfcatlon. We further desire, with loving hearts andreal folloW ship, togrmet ad raolscom a no en ourchie ptor and a ono le bhlioeo eingalrly ftted by a iaon and varied expelence a.n a parish praest and dinlitary in the omioniel thinh to sadmilniser theo see; nd e are iauered that yoer Lordehip's congtant aim and carc will bo to rmulato and follow in his wio nd adnlstralion of this dioceso the flirt Dilhop oIf Golearu shoas memory »e all mrem. We norely heartily pry that iod may crant yh.u huaodnaliy that wisdom umm above its ecemal thamlctcdstics which will strumotheu and sustain you te blilding op tho church in tho diocese. your Lordshlp may alwees rely upoen our unfeigned lorayliy to your exalted offc and perso as our ehoan ethtr in God, nd we trust that yoa will over fnd as tei sld doutli sonse of the Church of England. With pmrofond repeet wo beg to subamcribo oursnelves, Your Lordldip'a most obedient Bervanta ond faithful bInthrcn in Christ, aigned on bchalf of ths synod. The Bishop of Goulbuen replied euotempo arily, expresseing his pleasere at meeting the clergy and lay members of the synod at so early a date in his episcopacy, and heartily thanked them for the good wishes that their address expressead. It was a comfort to him in undertaking the work of a Bishop to know that he had the esuranceo of tlheir support. He spoke of the pleasure it wmn to him to have been chosen by almost the unanimous voice of the aynod. Ho was sure that the choice had been mado after much prayer to God for His direction in making it, and he was pleased to know that the mods of slection had mot with the approval of churchmen at a distanoce. He would not say much about hIimself, furtbher than that he was no novice to ohurch work in Australia, having had thirty years' varied experience as a parish priest, and he had an insight into cathedral wodk. With regard to hi. opinions, he hoped he was so far an evangelical churchman ns to recognisa thu importance of preoching Christ crucified as the only radeciption from sin, and a personaol dedioatien to Christ as the first essential of man's religion. Ho aleso hoped he waco unmciently broad a churchman to recognise the philonophical a well nas tho dogmatical View of religion, and to believe that men can think for themselves. He further hoped he was onffioientiy high a chorehman torecogniso the necessity of beauty in adornment nond good musai as adjuncts to the worshipot God. He was not however a patty mano, because h had never had timn to become no, dud he trusted le would lenceforth be too busy to become a party man. He druw attention to the great necessity of tile clergy being men of good character, and tlhought that their parishioiors set more value on their being mon of good moral chnracter tlhan upon their belonging to a pairti. cular party. to econgidered tio' beat logic was an upright life, and tLlat tlhe best rhetorio was an unstained life. HII thanked the Dean for the great assistance li had rendered him ainen his election, and tih only regret he had in the matter was that he could not promise him to lay less work on him in the future. (Loud applause.) The Bishop then toolk the chair, and tllo lue. P. G. Smith of Cambera as the oldest clergyman in the dioceoe road an illuminated address from the clergy to the Very eor. Dean Powuall, testifying to their regard for him, and to the ability lie had displayed in administering the affairs of the diocese during tlho time it was without a biahop. The address was accompanied by a handsotme gold watch, which was presented to lth Dean on behalf of the clergy by tho Rov. J. Studds of Junco. ThbeDean made an appropriate reply. The Primate on behalf of thea other bishops exprossed their gratifieation at the presenta tion of an address of welcome from the synod to its Bishop and of an address and testi monial to tho Dean. INFORMAL CONFERENCE. The visiting Bishops then retired, and the elelioal and lay representatives formed them selves into an informal conference. The .ov. A. T. Puddicombo considered this a fitting time to re-name the building in which they were assembled. Some of them maintained that it was a nshoolroom (for which purpose it had been originally built); others as determinedly called it the late pro cathedral (for which it had been used). Both these names were associated with a difficulty which te hoped now was going to pass away. (Lond applause.) Several new namoa for the building had been suggested to him, but he considered the most appropriate would be "St. Saviour a Church Hall." No other name was suggested, and the Bishop said he would adopt the suggestion of Mr. Puddicombe and the building would in future be known to him as St. Saviour's Church Hall; and he hoped others would recognise that name. The subjects of holding annual sessions of the synod, of making the Church Society more effective, the needs of the Clurgy Widows and Orphans' Food, and the es tablishment of a ohuroh periodical, were discussed, but no definite action was taken. PUBLIC RECEPTION. A public reception to the Bishop and Mrs. Chalmera was tendered this afternoon on the Agriuenltural Society's show-ground. Ther? was a large attendance. The subjoined address of welcome from the membors of tho Church of England throughout the diocese was presented. The address was read as follows, by Mr. C. S. Alexander P.M., who had come from Maitlsnd for the consecration ceremonies : To the Right rev, William Ohalmers D.D., Lord Bishop of Gonlborn. nay it please your Lordahip,-We desire on behall of the mmber of the Church o England Ian Ooulbum to c to moatln your Lordship upon being called and dnly consecrated in accrdanca with the synodical goverment of the Church of England in Auntrali and Tasmania to the important position of the Bishop of this diocese. No one can gainsay the words of St. Paul, " that it a maT desire the ofice of a Bishop he doeareth a good ork;" and bolieving as wo do that God has endowed yoo wit the qalficationr that are necessary for the discharge of the duties of an orseer of the Church of Ohist, no thankully hall your an ad t nmongst os, whilst wo shall over recogniso the duty of sustaining and helping you intevery good work praying also that, guided and blessed by the Holy Spirit, your episcopate maybe marked by a reat rovenal of Giod's work, tho Church extending liercords and treungtheningher stakes throghout the length and breadth of tho diocese. We cannot coneanl from ourselves, as we wnould not from your Lordship, that "thcro remineth much land to be possessed," that the work is great and onerous, that selo-denial and selfsacrifice will be required; but the work is God's, and the promises of God go with the work. Sustained and soothed by the mighty Helper,wo pray that you may reallso the force of the old and eppropriato charge:" As I was with Moses so I will bo with thee, I will not fail thee or orsakeu thee, only be thouo strong and very courageous." and trust yon will both, or many year to come, be enabled to carry on the work of a diocese so ably begun, and continued to his death, by the first Bishop of Goulburn and hit devoted wife. We ao, Your Lordship' tiLilhfa: renaunts. The Bishop made an appropriate reply. The Hee. W. W. Rutledge read an address of welcome from the other Protestant denomi nations, to which the Bishop fittingly replied. The ladioe of the cathedral congregation provided refreshments, and a pleasant after noon wan spent. This evening at eight o'clook a public meeting was held at the Academy of Mueio, at which the Primate presided, and addresses were delivered by the visiting Bishops and others. There was a good atten dance, and the proceedings were marked with much cordiality of feeling. Farther partioulars of the public reception and the meeting will be given in our next. The Bishop and Mrs. Chalmere are the guests of Miss A. Maonaughten of Naghten lMor, Sloan-stret. : 