CURRENT TOPICS. In a communication to the HERALD Messrs. Hackshall and Co., biscuit manufacturers, complain of the tariff. They say that whilst there is a duty of 2d. per pound on imported biscuits there is also a duty of £1 per ton on flour, 2d. per pound on butter, and a tax on machinery, and that, in consequence, their business is hampered. In view of the latter of these duties one might naturally expect to hear that the firm had increased the price of their biscuits ; but they have not done this. On the contrary, they say that biscuits are the same price as they were before the new duties were imposed, and that the fac- tory owned by the firm is in full swing and is constantly working eight hours daily. The general impression, there- fore, must be that there is a great deal of humbug connected with the complaint of HACKSHALL and Co. Having, as they allege, to pay more for butter and flour than for- merly (by the way, the butter duties were imposed by a free-trade Government), they ought, for the purpose of equal- ising matters, to have raised the price of their manufactures. Why have they not done so? Is it because, they are philanthropic in an exceptional degree ? It is all very well for this comparatively new firm to say that all they want is a free field and an open race, hut the public in general must feel that but for the duty that was put on imported biscuits a longtime ago Messrs. HACKSHALL and Co. would probably not now be conducting a business on their own account, for they could not have competed against the English manufacturers. The admission that, although the duty on imported biscuits has been in- creased to 2d. a pound, the price of the locally manufactured article has not been raised is very important, for it effectually disposes of one of the principal arguments against protection used by the free-trade party. It may be confidently predicted that as a result of the additional duty the price of biscuits will go down, and by this time next year Messrs. HACKSHALL and Co. will have to sell at lower rates than they are now getting. They have a free field against the other biscuit manufacturers in New South Wales, and it remains to be seen what use they will make of their oppor- tunity. The triangular duel in the Hawkesbury- district is exciting a great deal of local interest, and there is at present no certainty concerning the result. All the candidates a-e oppouents of the Uovernipcnt, and all pledged themselves on tho hustings to turn them out at the first opportunity. None of i h m has a real grip of the politioal questions of the day, whilst two of them, as well as being badly informed, are inconsistent. Mr. ' Burdekin told the electors on Saturday last that he was in -favor of taxing all imported luxuries, but in almost tho same breath he said that if he were returned ho would do his best to effect tlio removal of the ad valorem duties imposed by the present Ministry. Apparently he was not awaro that, many of those duties are taxes on luxuries, such tis silks, satins, laces, jewellery, watches, b Mr. Burdekin's opinions. Mr. Fitzpatkicic poses ns a .single- taxer. Ho declared that lii> would sweep away all import duties ; but he also said that ob the. public in generul were antagonistic ;o tho principle he would n it advocnto til- speedy introduction of single-tax. He d'd not say how under those circumstances lie would obtain the necessary revenue to meet the public expenditure. Perhaps he thonght the country could be successfully run by merely trusting in Providence. Mr. FitZPATricic lias not tho ghost of a chance of . being elected to represent the Hawkes bury district. 1 — « \ Many people, it is well known, aro afflicted with color blindness. Other persons have corresponding defects ; and both classes excite greater or leBS ouriosity. The re- turning-officer for the Hawkesbury elec torate apparently lacks the faculty to estimate numbers correotly. For ex ample, after the candidates for the vacant Beat in the representation of the district had addressed tho electors oh ' Saturday he called for a show of bands. . N-arly twice as many were hold op for Mr. Morgan as were held up for Mr. Burdekin, yet the returning-officer declared that tl'.e latter had the majority. He was hooted for having given this decision, from which it may be inferred that the gentlemen who made tho unplensant noises were of tho opinion that tho functionary had acted in a grossly partial manner. But, as we have intimated, Mr. Johnstone's decision may have been perfectly oonscientious, and been the result of inability to properly estimate numbers. It may be asserted that any schoolboy could tell the difference between a hundred handB and half that numhor ; but it might also bo said with equul posttivenoss that any schoolboy cnuld distinguish colors. Most people, how- over, are aware that because of the defect alluded to the most ludicrous mistnkes aro often made ooncerning colors ; why, then, should not similar mistakes be made con cerning numbers? But tho remark is sug gested that if, in connection with their com mercial operations, business men were to ' regard fifty ns boing more than a hundred very inconvenient results would happen. 