PE N .. L`'> N. ' iT E SVAN D.IENIAN'S LAND. TItHE CHI-OMICLES. So. 10. ELLEN BnnNE. The day after Judge Forbes adjourned the trial of Stapleton and his companions for three days, so that the attendance of Blair might be secured, a vessel named the Robert Emma arrived at Hobart Town from Queens town Harbor, Cork. She was a trading ves sel, and had only two passengers on board. One of them a woman, about thirty years o age, and the other an elderly man who ac companied her. Those on board were not aware of the reason which induced these two persons to voluntarily leave the old country for Van Dieman'e Land, and neither did they want to know, as they had paid for their passages, and it was no business of the cap Lain to enquire. The reaser may at once be told that the woman was Ellen Byrne, and the elderly gentleman was Mr Michael Httfernan, a re tired lawyer of the town of Kilkenny, and to whose care the girl had been committed on the death of her only surviving parent (htier mother) five years previously. A small pro perty was left, barely enough to support the girl, but she lived with Hltfernan and his wife, and was as well treated as if she had been their own child. When shs expressed her firm intention of going out to Van Die man's Land and seeking out Henry Staple too, after she had received the Comptroller General's letter stating he had settled in the colony, her guardian, eeeing he could not dissuade her, decided to accompany her to the island, and they took passage from Cork in the firest vessel which sailed for the penal settlement. After landing they took lodgings at a re epectable hotel in Macquarie St:ree, and the following day they called upon the Catholic chaplain at the prisoner's barracks, to whom they had letters of introduction from promi nent ecclosiastical dignitaries and others in Ireland. They were very kindly received. n:d when their business was stated 11s priest willingly agreed to introduce thcm to the Comptroller General, although he looked rather puzzled when they said the name of the man they wished to find was Henry Stapleton, and he had been pardoned nearly a year previously. In the afternoon they had an interview with the Comptroller Gen eral, who expressed his willingness to en lighten them on any point that he could, but when Mr Heffernan told him his business the eagle-like face of the Comptroller General clouded slightly. "I think if you. wait until to-morrow I will be able to show you the man you want. Meet me here at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn ing, and then I will arrange that you shall see Stapleton." That was the eubstance of all he said, and his visitors left him well pleased that they would see the object of their long journey on the morrow. Tney had not anticipated such expedition, and were in high spirits at the result, and were eagerly waiting for the com ing day. Meanwhile Judge Forbes was not idle.. He well knew that if there had been any under hand work with Stapleton's pardon-and if prieoner's statement were true there had been-the officials responsible for it would throw all the obstacles they could in the way of throwing light on it, . Therefore. he had no sooner left the bench than he made arrangements for three mounted constables to be at once despatched to Blair 's land, and to bring back the owner. He privately told the men that speed was most desirable, and to carry out the order as rapidly, as possible. :'W?raiigge haa oesunoted.onsneoh haste b?ing, made, but he knew that he could hYnt'at lod quickly, and at once sought out a man on whom he could rely,' and told him he would. give him fifty pounds if he could reach Blair's house and warn him that he was in danger before the constable's got him. The man was a creature of the Superintendent's, and readily agreed to do as desired. The well mounted constables were, however, more than a match for him, and with the start they had reached Blair's nearly an hour before Wragge's messenger. He was working in a field a short distance away, but he came across to the house when be saw the horse men. The head constable told him that he would have to accomipany them back to Hlobart Town, and he eremed very'anxious to know for what reason he was required. " Oh, a fellow nathed Blair, who is being tried for the mutiny at nulmber nine station says his name is Stapleton and not Blair, and the judge adjourned the'case for three days so that you might be brought to dis prove the statement." As he, spoke the face of Blair turned a sickly green, and his.agitation was so dotice able that it did not esscape the attention of the constables who good naturedly rallied him on his nervonsness about attending a court. Two of them ascribed it to the natural disinclination which ex-convicts had to judges and juries, but the chief, who was more observant, commenced to think that there was more in the mutineer's assertions than he had previously believed, and he de termined to carefully note the settler. The latter asked them to dismount and have something to eat while he was getting ready to go back with them, and as they were rather fatigued they were glad to comply, and placed their horses i ann aijoining shed. The truth was Blair was in a quandary, and he wanted a little time to decide what course he should adopt. Alhough the mutiny had happened a month previously, he was noet aware that there had been an outbreak at the station. They were so common that the ettlers took little notice of them unless one or more of the convictrs escaped, and the only one who had an interest in sanding him news was Superintendent Wragge, and he had not doneeo. That official thought it would not be wise to do so until the last moment, as it might frighten Blair, and do more harm than good. It was quite possiblle that there might be no trouble in connection w:th the matter, and if so nothing but harm could re. suit from taking fright at a shaoow. IHe had not expected that Stapleton would make the stand he did, or that the judge would listen to him as patiently as he had. If the worst came to the worst he would have time to send a mesenger to Dlair toesaspe, and that would be sufficient. Blair made up his mind that the best thing he could do would be to go back with the constables and fight the matter oult, and he was in the house talking to the oflieers when the galloping of a horse was heard ou:side. He opened the door as a man rode up, whoie was considerably taken aback when he saw: the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by the chief who knew him, and asked what brought hem there in in such a hurry. "I am sure the fellow has besn sent here to warn this man, and he has been sent by Wragge, for he is a tool of his" was the constable's muttered comment. The horse man mumbled out an excuse by nsaying that he wasee passing that way and only called for a drink for himself and horse, and as there wasee no use in arguing with him he osteined what he wanted and left. He lhad been too late, and \Wragge would have to do the best he ould, but at the same time it was hard to lose fifty pounds in such a way. So the fet low thought as he rode awey. The three olicers and Blair were soon in the saddle and making their way back to Hobart Town, which they reached late in the evening, and went to the quarters at the soldiers' barracks, which were provided for witnesese. Blair wanted to put up at an hotel and pay his own expenses, but the chief constable told him it could not be allowed. Later in the evening Wragge presented him eelf at the barracks, and asked to be allowed to see Stapleton (under which name of course :Blair went). hbut he was told that without an order from the Comptroller General he could not. Judge Forbes had asked the Comp CEle to prohibit an7one rseing Stipleton it the constable brought him back, as he de. desired that ha saiouid not be interfered with in any manner,:and it was in pursuance of that requeat that !ite at night he refused wrengge..n order when he applied for it. SV ry little excitement was manifested next morning in Hob?irt Town at the trial of the five prisoners (one of them had died from his wounds). Such outbreaks and trials with their accompanying or resulting execut:oas were too familiar to create much interest. and though the small court was lull of spec. tators, that number was not more tnan fifty. The judge took his seat on the bench, and then the five mutineers were placed in the dock, and pleaded not guilty to mutiny and murder. They had ecarcely pleaded when the Comptroller General entered with IJifer nan and Ellen Byrne, and the ollicial told them that Stapleton would soon make his appearance. At the eame time he asked them if they knew any of the prieoners in the dock. The two visitors looked at them closely, bus failed to identify Stapleton. It wee little wonder, for his appearance was terribly changed. In his prison clothes, emaciated, and close cropped, ha was an utterly changed man. When Stapleton was asked if he still persisted in saying that hie name was not Blair, he replied in a loud, clear voice that he did, and as he spoke Muss Byrne started as though she recognised the voice, aend turning to Heffernan told him that eshe almost fancied it was Henry Staple ton who spoke. The Comptroller General heard the remark, but made no comment. He was asked again what his name was, and answered that it was Henry Stapleton. The girl had been watching him. intenly,.and when he gave the last answer her gudrdian was alarmed, for abhe had the appearance of being about . to faint.-' He turned to the oflicial and told him he was afraid he would have to leave the court, as his lady friend was no. well, but the girl recovered herself and protleted against going out. After theo ecand answer of the prisoner the judge ordered that Henry Stapleton should be called, and as he stepped timidly into the witness box the Comptroller General whispered to his two enquiring friends that the man- before them was the. person they sought. They looked at him with dull amaze, and in the same breath revlied that he was nuc even remotely like him.- : " That man is no more Henry Stapleton, of Kil kenny, than I am," was ieffernan'e em phatic answer. " Well, it lies between him and the second prisoner of the row in the dock. That man asserts that he is the real Stapleton, and the other man an imposter, audit is for that reason I have asked yon here to-day, as the judge is anxious to esttle the question. If Henry Stapleton is any. relative or dear friend of yours," the Comptroller went on, glancingat Ellen.Byrne, I would prefer that for your sakes the person in the witness box was the man you sought. " What are the prisoners charged with?" askued Heffernan anxiously, as he saw . the girl staring at the second man in the dock with a gleam of recognition in her bright eyes. " Mutiny and murder, and the case is clear against them. I fear there is no hope-" He was interrupted by his female com panion swaying against him, and then with a moan falling back in a dead faint. Size had recognised Henry Stapleton, and had heard the deadly peril he was in. Some little commotion was caused by the fit, ani as Heffernan and an attendant carried her out the Comptroller whispered to him to come back as soon as possible, as it was import ant. The prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton could not distinguish who the woman was. Blair gave his evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing of course that he,was Stapleton. That he came from Kilkenny, and. telling the judge the points that he had previounly obtainedfrom WVragde. Hreatoit. Blaiir, and t-at he hk'd?wwiked witu him at number nine station, and knew him well. Tae live prisoners in the dock cried out that toe man in the witness box was really Blair, and matters secmed to be about the same as at first, for little reliance "was placed on con vict' statements. Wragge followed Blair, and wilfully per jured himself by swearing that the man who naed just given evidence was in reality Henry Stapieton. That he knew him well, having worked with him nine years before at the brick yards in Hobart Town. This was veri fied by the records,' and it seemed as though the real Staplaton's statements would be con troverted, when the Comptroller General stood up and told the judge that he had t o important witnesses who would be able to identify'tbhereal Stapleton if-he were present. The judge asked them to come forward and allow no one to leave the court, H;effernan and Miss Byrne, who had re covered, did as asked, and the judgeuordered the former into the witness box, and asked him who he wase. He told him ; thashe had just reached HIobarc Town from the town of dkllenny ' to find rone. Henry Stapieton. Blair was placed in front of him, and he was asked if that was the man, bit he said em phatically no. IIe was nothing like him. Blair was the very picture of misery as he stood on the floor of the court trembling, for he knew that the game was up. Wragge was little better, for he was as whits as a ghost. He was next asked if he knew the prison r in the dock who claimed to be Stapleton, and after a long eerutiny he said that, although greatly changed, lie believed he was the man and that ayoung lady, to whom the convict had formerly been engaged, had recognised his voice as that of her lost sweetheart. t'is creasted a slight flutter in court, and Stapleton said if the judge would causo leelirnan to ask him different questions about his nati.e place he evould speedily con vnce him of his identity. This was done, and the answers given made it abundantly clear that tee convict was the man for whom a free pardon lhad been sent out, and who had been eruSlly deprived of it. Ellen ILrne was placed in the box ne-xt, and a painful sceneo followed aifter she Ihad sworn t',aa the man in the dock w,~as Henry Stapleton, and how the had recognised him by hls voice. The prisoner was overcome, and sLe fainted at toe sight of his grief and altered :,lpe:tr:ancc,, and tile fact thalt he was being etrrd for his life. Snoe was carried out of court for the second tlme, and then the judge asked ilair how he came to commit such a crime. The murderous rfli in broke down utter ly, adtl confesseed Slth he hid been acked to take Stapletsn'a e!ohes by \raggo and Den eon, f-r whoce murder the prisoners were be ing tried. 11- reloed clearly everything as it orcurred and which the reader already knows; and though thle t'uperintendent tried to dreny it, and swore that hi most lheev been deesrved by a co aspiracy betreen DBnson and Blair, the circums'ances attending it poine:d so glsrinly to bshe as tha prime moeer, tat toe judge ordered his arreet on clsres of murder, conspiracy, and perjury (BIair had confeIed about tbhe murder of the prisoner at laicquarie IHarbor Station). Two of the court constables were advanc ing to arrest him when he took a double. barrelled pistol from his pocket and fired Spoint blsank at Blair, who fell. and then blew his own brains one on the floor of the court. Blair recovered, and wasl sent to Nrfolk ln land for five years. Nutwithstanding the facts adduced-no evidence beine given that he had struck a single blow in the murder of Benson-the fire convicts were found I guilty and executea, Stapleton amongst the rest. Strenuous iffortsa were made to save him, but the bloody convict law had to be vindicated, and Ellen Byrne left Hobart Town with her guardian a heart-broken woman. * I hope my visits are not disagreeable to you," be said, "Not at all," she politely answered. "I have sometimes thought that I wearied "Oh, no, No matter how gloomy I feel when yaou all, I am always happy when you go0." 