An EVENTFUL NIGHT, OR THE CAPTAIN'S PERIL. CHAPTER II. (Continued). Captain Golngent was no coward, but, standing there, in the room of that lonely inn, with the knowledge that a murdered corpse lay beneath the bed, and he, too, might soon be attacked, he felt Jiis;nerve3-quiver with excitement. The light had fallen on- the side of the alcove, and he saw there a line descending perpendicularly along the wall to the ground. The paper that covered it was of an. intricate pattern, and it was at this spot shaded by the ample drapery of the bed. He ap proached closer, and the light fell on the wall. Be' saw then that the per pendicular line which had attracted liis attention formed one side of a well- defined doorway cunningly matched into the pattern of the paper. He touched it, and it shook slightly, but it was securely fastened on the outside. Be stopped with an involuntary gasp. What was the meaning of a door so artfully contrived and in so strange a position ? He guessed clearly enough. The other door, with its obtrusive fastenings, was bat a device to delude' the occupant of the room into fancied security. At any moment, and probably without any previous warning, tbe secret door might open, and be would then be at the mercy of treacherous assassins. He saw with dismay that he was caught like a mouse in a trap. What conld he do ? He stood and thought. With futile regret he remembered his faithful dog shut up in the stable outside, and de plored the easy confidence with which he had : consented to their separation. C-aisar was no mean antagonist, and, had the gallant animal been beside him, lie might have kept the ruffians at bay. But now tlie odds against him were heavy.': Suddenly an idea flashed across his mind. It was horrible and daDgerou3, but he thought it might possibly succeed, and there was not much time for deliberation, for the peril was pres- ing. Therefore he proceeded hurriedly to carry out the ghastly plan that sug gested itself. He drew forth the bale of carpeting from under the bed, and with hasty hand unwound the lifeless body from the dusty folds. It bad been partly stripped, and.a deep red stain on tbe left side of tbe under-clothing showed that death had resulted from a stab surely aimed at the heart. He lifted the body carefully on to the bed, closed the glassy eyes, and laid the dead man down in an attitude that looked like natural repose ; the left side lay uppermost, and the left arm was thrown over the head, leaving the' side defenceless ; then he drew the coverings well up so as to shade the pallor of the lifeless face. He trusted that, when the assassins entered, as they certainly would, to serve him as they had done the other, in their guilty hurry they would not think of looking closely at tlie figure lying in tlie bed," and that thus the murderous knife would be used upon the dead instead of upon the living. Then he lav down himself under the bed, and drew the folds of the carpet partially over him. He had extinguished, the- candle, his despatches were in his pocket, and he grasped his pistol, with its solitary ballet-, in readiness for the moment of supreme need, should he be called upon to defend his life to .the uttermost. A pause of dreadful expectation ensued' 'It was not the first time that lie, the living man, had lain beside the silent-' dead. But then he had lain wounded on the battle- field, with the treadfof comrades echoing still in the distance, and with the wide pure vault of heaven- overhead. Every minute he passe i in the murky crime-stained chamber in' which he was' trapped was -infinitely more horrible to him, in its 'awful silence, than all the weary hours he had spent in helpless suffering 'on the great plains where the brave dead lay so; thick around. ' ; The house was treacherously still; save when ever and anon a fierce gust of wind shook the crazy window-panes. Ever and anon too the dog in the stable outside' uttered- .an- impatient- bark or , fretful howl, or gave' noisier demonstra tion of, his wakefulness by ..springing angrily . against' the door! that; kept him a prisoner. " At last however the dog too lapsed into silence. " Only" the watcher 1 under' the bed' remained vigilantly wakefnl; all his senses in an awful -and unnatural tension, listening intently iv. the deep silence of the night. A. clock pn the landing struck twelve. Its slow-halting; strokes fell sharply on" his ear,"' sonnding " each' like ' a knell to his excited imagination. - As the " last stroke died away the heavy "oppressive silence-resumed its sway.: Presently there was a faint creaking sound on the worn stairs — stealthy cat like steps approached cautiously ; then, tliero was a pause. .. The captain's heart gave' a great bound, and be listened breathlessly. There was an interval of death-like silence. The person outside was listen ing too. After a while, he seemed satisfied, and a slight fumbling sound was heard, accompanied by the careful turning of a key in a well-oiled lock. There was a low rustle as the paper edges of the secret door parted, and a lisfiit streamed in through the aperture. The watcher could not see, but he knew what was passing Tlie assassin was standing on the threshold, and he had thrown the light of his dark-lantern on to the sleeper in the bed. For an instant he hesitated, but the care'css attitude of the prostrate form em boldened him. " He sleeps sound ! "' The whisper rang, through- the still air like the hiss oE a - deadly serpent. It was the -old man?s cnll to his son to advance and strike the intended. victim of their greed. At this critical moment: the dog out side awoke, and began to bark furiously, . throwing himself with noisy reiterated vehemence aiainst t'c stable door. Some'- instinct of" danger to " his -master, aroused perhaps by 1 lie sound of steps moving about or by the passing gleam of a light, had disturbed the trusty creature and made him wildly restless.' His master heard: him, .with a strange sensation ol helplessness,- and so did the miscreant intruders. " Cnrse-thc dog ! He will wake him!!' hissedthe other voice. - " Don't lose time then ! Strike, you fool — strike ! " Tlie brief colloquy took but a moment, but the short'- delay" seemed an-age/' There was a hurried "stride forward then a- dull: thud, over,- his head; and a second, and third®. The great four-post bod shook and creaked as the heavy blows struck the -lifeless ,-form that lay -there, but the cold, steel evoked no cry. With- a shuddering-, gasp the murderer drew back from liis" foul-work. - - " It is well done,", said the remoreless voice pf-the"qldman, ' He did not make; a noise— that one ! "' " Ah, see the fine gold watch — that's well worth the tronble ! .Bete, .do . you tremble ? Bah, let us finish the work at once ! I will cariy down-this-one ; you take the other". to the ioldt wellY-yoir know." It wSsrnot overset thVn— the, iSctiial struggle., was all|to j-corae ! Captain Gohigefit'>.nervc(Tf himself W for ¥it tand,:; throwing ?aside>ptlie wrappings;f5waited for the moment when the valance should bo raised'.to spring:up; arid- fire, -and)theni close in -deadly-r conflict 'with his, as-f- sailantT ' ' There was a-JfittleJurtheij'delayi'iTThe. murderer hesitated to comply. with the suggestion of his father._He» was, .how ever, just about to lift the valance in order to draw forth the supposed, corpse, when a most unexpected interruption took placa.y-The«half-opencd«dooc»fle,w- back.pn its'' hinges. ta:nd ?a- panting crcd& ture bounded in and threw itself . .with wild- fury-upon— the -stooping figure- of the assassin . .. .. It ivas Ciesar-J " Wit-h'.a furious grip the animal 'fastened on" the b'ntstretclied haud of his miscreant,' nearly severing his thumb before he conld be -dislo :ged.' A frightful oath and wild yells of pain rang through the chamber, and the man dropped the valance, while the other csmc to his rescue and struck at the dog. With nmcli trouble tliey con trived to reach the door, and to slam it hastily between themselves and their formidable adrersary, as :--tlicy retreated terrified and bleeding. The gallant animal, - though ''"braised and wotmded in the fray,: fawned rapturous joy on bis master, who crept forth unscathed from his -hiding-place, and who, with that trusty friend beside him, "felt comparatively safe from further attack. The pain and rage of the craven fel low found vent in frantic cries, which sounded more like the roar of some wild beast than any human utterance, and- Ciesnr replied to them with a growl of mingled fury and triumph. Ho one came near the chamber during the rest of the night. The wounded man needed all the care -of the other, and it was not likely that they would risk another encounter with Crcsar un aided. It seemed therefore that there were hot any other accomplices within call. ' Subsequent examination of the stable- door gave the clue pretty plainly. The hasp that had held the bolt was found on the gromid, and the bolt was hang ing useless on the door. The nails that had held the hasp were old and rusty, and must have given way under the re peated shocks given by the dog as lie sprang with violence' against the door, which was fastened,- and his keen scent would, promptly guide him to his master's side. At length the gray dawn came creep ing in through the unshuttered windows, and. Captain Golngent completed his preparations for departure.. A distant tinkling made him aware that the world was beginning to stir, and that other human beings were awake and probably not Jar off. The cheerful sound of the tinkling bells came nearer, and he found to' his satisfaction that it proceeded from the teams of some waggoners, who after a while appeared within sight, and drew up at the door of the- inn to water their horses. . / ' "7 He. judge 1 the moment favourable for his descent. Unlocking . the; door ;and holding1- Caesar firmly by' the 'collar;': he went softly down "the® front stairs" by! which lie had come up on the previous night; and' appeared in the doorway of the parlour: The old man was there alone, having just returned from serving the customers outside; .Turning- suddenly round,- he found , himself 1 confronted ; - by the stranger, whom he believed toV be ly i ng dead up-stairs.' . An asby' hne over spread I tbe hardened -, face, , and : terror, made llim drop the glass i?L his hand; He thought it was the ghost'of'Tiis victim that stood before him. -J! .. .. " Bring me my horse.! " said Captain Golngent, with stern brevity,- vouch safing no word of explanation. \ The man -did -not wait to be told a second ; time, and, having: fastened. the bridle of -t-he horse to a hook by _the door, he slunk away silently. . - The. waggoners looked on curiously as the ; officer . mounted his horse- and rode away sternly and silently ; but be' judged it wisest not to gratify their evident cariosity. He gave information of tlie murder which had been com mitted- — and which had so nearly been a double one — at the first police-station which he passed. A few houre later the officers of justice " arrived on the spot, but they found the house deserted by its owners, and all traces of the recent murder carefully obliterated. It was not till after several years had elapsed that the tuo miscreants who on this occasion had baffled the pursuit of justice finally suffered the penalty of their crimes. Some other notorions murder was traced to them, and their last confession led to their identification as the former hosts of the ill-famed ' Waggoners.' A well- merited though tardy retribution brought both father and son to the gallows at last. Captain Golngent returned from liis errand in safety, and lived for manv years to enjoy the distinction and rewards of a gallant though chequered career. 