THE AMERICAN CLAIMANT. BY MA1UC TWAIN. . OlIAlTKB XV. Tracy wont to bcil happy onoo mora, at rout In liiw mind onao mora. Ho had started out on n high emprise— that, was to his credit lie argued ; lie hail fought the liest light ho could, considering tho odds against him — thnt wan to Ids credit : lio liad hoen defeated— certainly there was nothing discreditable in that. Being dcfcatod, lie had a right to ratiro with tho honors of wnr and go baolc without prcjudlco to tho position in tho world's oooioty to which ho had been born. Why not ? ovon the rabid re publican cbair maker would., do that. Yes, ids oonsoionco was comfortablo.onoo more. Ho woko refreshed, happy rilid: eager for his cablegram. Ho had been born an aristocrat, ho hnd boon a doinoorat for a time, he was, now nu nristoorat again, lie marvelled to find tiint this final cliango wan not mcroly intellectual, it had invaded bis feeling : and ho also marvelled to note thnt this feeling scemod n goad doal loss artificial than any ho hnd entertained in his sys tem for a long time. IIo coutil also have noted, if lie had thought of it, that bin bearing find stiffened over night, and that his chin had . lifted itsolf n Bhado. Arrived in tile basumont, ho was about to cntor the breakfast room when ho saw old Marsh in tho dim light of a aorncr of tho hall, bcakoniiig him with his fingor to ap proach. Tho blood wolled slowly up in Tracy's cheetr, and ho said with a grade of injured dig nity almost dread — " Is that for mo J" "Yes." " What is the purposo of it ?" " I want to speak to you— iri privnto." " Tli is spot is private enough for me." Marsh was surprised, and not particularly pleased. Ho approached and said — " Oh, in publio, thon, if you profcr. Though it hasn't been my way." Tho boarders gathered, to tho. Bpot, in terested. "Spent out, ".said Traoy. . ." What is it you want !" "Well, haven't you— or — forgot something?" " I ! I'm not awaro of it.'' " Oh. you'ro not? Now you stop and think b minute." "I refuse to stop and think. It doesn't interest ine. If it intorests yon, speak out." "Wall, then," said Marsh, raising hiswoico to a Blightly angry pitoh, " you forgot to pay your board yesterday. — if you're bound to havo it public. ". Oil, yos; tills hoir to an annual million or so had been dreaming and soaring, nnd hnd forgot ten that pitiful thrco or four dollars. For penalty ho muBt havo It eoarsoly flung in his face in the presonco of those pcoplo — peoplo in whoso countenances was alroady beginning to dawn an uncharitable enjoymont of tho situation." " Is thai all? Tako your money and givo your terrors a rest." . Trnocy's hand went down into his pobkot with angry dooision. But— it- didn't como. out; - Tho color began to ebb out of bis fnco. The coun tenances about him showod . a growing interest ; and somo of them a heightened satisfaction. Thoro was an uncomfortablo pauso — thon ho forcod out with difficulty tho words — " " I've boon robbod." Old Marsh's eyes fiamod up witii Spanish fire, and lie oxclaimcd : "ltobbod, is it? That's your tune ? It's too old— been played in this houso too often. Bvoryhody plays it that can't got work whon ho wants it, and won't work whon ho can got it. Trot out Mr. Allon, somebody, and lot Aim talco a toot at it. It's his turn next ; he forgot, too, last night. I'm laying for. him." Olio of tho negro women camo scrambling downstairs as palo as asorrol horse with oonster- nation and oxcitcmont. " Mis to Marsh, Misto Alton's skipped out." "What?" " Yes sah, an' cleaned out his room clean ; tuck bofo towolu on do soap." " You lio, you hussy." , " It's jos' bo, jos so I toll's yon— on Misto Summer's sooks is gone, on Misto Nnylor's yuther shirt." Air. Marsh was at boiling point by this timo. He turned upon Tracy— .''.. " Answer up, now— when are you going to BCtUo?" " To-doy — sinco you... seem to bo in a hurry." " To-day, In it ? Sunday— and you out of wnrlt V 1 like that. Gomo— where are you going to get tho money ?" Tracy's spirit was rising again. Ho proposed to irnprcBs these peoplo. 1 " I nin expecting n cablograin from homo." Old Marsli was cnught out w'ith tho stir-' priso of it. Tho idea was so immonso, ' so oxtravagant that lie couldn't get his brcntli at first. When ho did got it, it enmo rancid with sarensm.' " Acubleyram— think of it, ladios and gents — lio's expecting a cablegram.'' Ho's expecting a cablegram, tills duffer, this scrub, this'' bilk. From Ida father, eh 5" Yes, without a doubt. A dollar or two a word— oh, that's nothing— t/ic.y don't mind a little thing liko that, this kind's father don't. Now his father, is — or — woll, I reckon liis father— " ' " Sly father is nn English earl." Tho crowd full back aghast — nglinst nt tho sublimity, of tho young loafer's " cliook." Then they 'burst into a laugh that mado tho. windows rattle.' Tracy was too angry to rcniiso that he had dono a foolish' thing. Ho said— " Stand, aside, plonso. I — " 'MVait a minute, your, lordship," said Mnmli, bowing low : " whore is your lordship going?" " For tho onblogram. Lot mo pass." " Bxcuso mo, your lordship, you'll stay right where you are." . ' " What do you mean by that ?" "I nican that I didn't bogin to keep a boardiogliouso yestorilny. It means thnt I am not tliei -kind that onn bo takon in by every hnckdrivcr's Bon that / comos loafing over hero hccauno ho can't earn a living at homo. It moatm thnt you can't skip out on any suoli— " Tracy mndo a stop toward tho old man, but Sirs. Marsh sprung between, and said — " Don't, Mr. Tracy, plcnso. Sho turned to hor husband and said, "Do bridlo your tongue. What' lias lio done to bo treated so ? Can't you see ho lias lost his iniud with troulilo and distress? Ho's not respon sible." "Thank your kind heart, madam, but I'vonot lost my , mind, 'and if I eon havo tho moro privilego of. stopping to tho tele graph ollico — " . . " " Woll, you can't," cried Marsh. " Or sending— " - " Sonding. That bents ovorything.' It there's' anybody ' that's fool 'enough to' go ,on suoh a ckiicklelicadcd errand — " " Here coinos -Mr. Barrow— ho will go for me. Barrow — " A brisk fire of exclamation broko out — " Say, Barrow, lio's oxpocting a cablegram." J " Cablegram from his father, you know." " "Yes— cablcgrnm from tho wax-figgor." .. "And say, Barrow, this fellow's an earl— tako off your hat, pull dawn your vast." " Yes, lio's como off and forgot his crown, that ho wears Sundays. Ho's cnblud over to his pappy to send it." " You step out and got thnt cablegram, Bar row ; his majesty's n littlo latno to-dny." "Oh, stop," cried Barrow, " givo tho man a chance." He turned, nnd said with somo severity. "Traoy, what's tho inattor with you? What kind .of 'foolishness is this you'vo been talking?' Yotpoiiglit to liavo moro sense." "I've not .boon talking foolishness; and if you'll go to tho telegraph office — " "Oh, don't talk so. I'm your friend In troulilo nijd out of it, before your faco and behind your baok, for anything in. reason ; but you've lost your bond, you see, nnd this moo-n oliino about a cablegram — " "I'll go there and ask for it.". " Tliniik you fromTTio bottom of my lioart,' Erndy. . Iforo, I'll givo you n written order for it. I1 Iy( now and fotcli it. , We'll soon soe." Ilriuly ileivr- Immediate/ the sort of quiet began to steal over tho crowd which menus dawning doubt, misgiving, and might ho trans lated into the words, " Maybu lie is expecting a' cablograin. t Maybe lio has got a father fioine- where. May bo we've been jasfc a littlo too frenh ; just a nhudo too prov'tous." Loud tall: ccuaed ; then tho nmtteriugs and low murmur ing and whiapcringji died out. Tho crowd hugan to crumble apart. By onen and two>i the fragments drifted to tho breakfast tnldo. Harrow tried to bring Tracy in, but lioaaid — " Not yofc, Barrow — presently." Mis. Marsh and Hatlio triod, offering gcnilo I. ' ' ' \ . ' " ' and kindly persuasion, but ho said: "I would rather wait till ho comos." Lvcn old Alarsh began to havo suspicions that maybe ho had been a Iriflo too M braali," UK ho cnllod ic in tlio privacy of his soul, nnd ha pulled liimsclf together and started towards? iracy with invitation in his eyo.-hut Tracy warnod him off with a gesture which was quito positive and eloquent. Xhcu followed tlio stiHcflfc' quarter of an hour which had over boon known in that houso at that timo of day. It woh ho Htiil and no aolomn wlLhal, tlmt when somebody's cup slipped from- his fingers and landed id Ids plate tho shock mado pooplo ntart, and tho shnrp sound Hecmod as .indecorous thcro and as- out of - plnco as if a coffin; and mourners were imminent and .boing: waited for. And, at last,' when Brady's foot camo clattering' down tho - Bttviro, tho saorilcgo soomod unboarnblo. Every- body roHQ softly nnd turuod . towards tho door, wlioro stood Tracy; thon, with a common impulse, moved a stop or ' two In that dircotion, and steppod. While they gazed," young Brady arrived, panting, and put into 'J. racy 'a hand — snro enough — an envelopo. Trncy fastened a bland, victorious oyo upon tlio gazers, and kept it tiioro till ouo by ono thoy dropped tliolr pyes, vanquished nnd ombarrasscd. Then ho toro open tho tclcgfnm nnd glanced at its incssngc. Tho yollow paper foil from his Angers and fluttered to the floor, and his fnco turrio'd white. There was- nothing .thoro but. ono. word — "Thanks." . , . Tlio humorist of the houso, tho tall, raw- boiiod Billy Nash, onulker from tlio navy yard,; was standing in tlio roar of the crowd. In' tlio midst of tlio pathotlp silonoo that was now brooding over tho plnoo nnd moving some few . hoarts thoro . towards compassion, lie iiegan to whimper, tiien ho put his hrimlknrnhlof to his eyes nnd buried his face in tho nook of tho bash- fulost young follow in tlio company; a navy ynrd blacksmith, shriolccd, - " Oh, peppy, how could you?" nnd bognu to bawl llko a - toothing baby, if ono may imogino a baby with the oncrgy and tho devastating Voice of a jackass. Bo porfcot was tlio imitation of n child's cry, nnd so vast tho scale of it, and so ridiculous tho aspect of tho performer, that all gravity was swapt from tho _ plnoo as if by a hurri cane, nnd almost everybody there joined in tlio ' crash - of laughter .provoked by ..the exhibition. Then -. tlio small' mpb began to' tako its revenge— rovengo for tho dis comfort and apprehension' it had brought- upon itsolf by its own tob' rash freshness, of a littlo whilo boforc. It guyed its poor viotim, baited liiin, worriod 'him, as dogs, do' with u oocncrcd cat. Tho victim niisworod back with defiances and challenges which included' everybody, and wliiah only gavo tho sport now spirit nnd variety ; but wlicu ho ohnngcdV liis' tnotics and liegan-to single out individuais -nnd invito them by name, tho fun lost its fuhiiinoss, and the interest of the show died out along with tho noiso. Finally, Marsh was about to tako an innings; but Barrow said — "Never mind now, loavo him aiono. You've no account with him but a money account.- I'll tako care of that myself." Tho distressed and worriod landlady goVo Barrow a fervently' grateful look for his oham-" .pioiisliip of tlio abused stranger ; nnd tho pot of the houso, a very prism in her cheap but ravish ing Sunday rig, blow him a kiss from tlio tila of her flligors, and said, Willi .tlio dnrlingost sipilo; and O Bwcet little toss of her head : " You're the only man here, nnd I'm going to sot my cap for you, you dear old thing." ;:.,. " For sbaino, Pubs. . How you talk. I never saw such a child. " It took a good deal of argument and porsila-: sion — that, is to say, potting, under theso, dip- guises — to got Traoy to ontortaln the idea of breakfast. .. -Ho at first said he would never cat' again in' that house; and added tliat ho liad enough firmness of character, ho trusted, to' enablo liini to stnrvo like a man when the altar-. nativo:was to eat insn.lt with his broad; " -.'V IVIion ho had finished his breakfast, Barrow took liini to hip-room, furhishod him a pipo, anil, said cheerily — ' "iVoio, old fellow, tako in your battlo flng out of tliti ivot; yb'u'roinot , in tho hpstilo cainp any more. "You're a littlo upset '.by your troubles, anil that's .natural enough, but don't lot your mind run oil them any moro than 'you- can lioip ; dfng.yq'ur thoughts away, from'j'otir; troubles— by the cars, lly tlio heels', or any othor way, bo ydu manago it ; it's the bealtUiostihtiig. a body can do.,' Dwelling.on troubles .lis deadly, just dondly, and that's tho softest name there is, for it. You must keop your mind amuscd--youi must, indeed." - " " Oh, miserpblo mo !" . ; ; " Don't ! 1 .There's juBt a pure heart break in , that tonp..:':It'B just as I say ; you'vo got to. get, 'right down to it nnd amusa your mind, as if it was salvation."; '' ' " They're easy words to say, Barrow, biit libw dm I going to amuse, entortain, "di vert a mind that finds itself suddenly; 'as-' Bnulted nnd overwhelmed by disasters of a sort not dreamed of, nnd not provided for ?. No— no, tho buro idea of nmnsement io repulsive to my feelings. Let us talk' of donth 'and' funornls." ' -' - "No— not yot. Thnt would bo giving up tho ship. We'll not give up tho ship yot. Pm 'going to '. amuse' you ; I sent Brady out for the wliorewitlial buforo you finished break fast." "You did? What is it?" "Come, this is li good 'sign— ouriasity. £jlf; thoro's hopo foryou yet." r .e ' .Chapter' XVI. Brady arrived with a box and dopartcd, after saying— . ' "They're finishing one up, but they'll bo along as soon as it's, dono," .. Barrow took a .framolooa oil portrait' a foot square from the box, sot; it- up , in- a good light without commont, nnd reached for another, taking a furtive glanco at Trncy nioniilimc. Stony solemnity in Tracy's faco remained n'B it was, and gavo out iio sign of , interest. Barrow plscod the scoand portrait besido tho first, and Btolo another .glanco while reaching-' for- tlio 'third. Tiia stone iinmogo softened a shaile. No. 3 forced tlio ghost of. a. smilo, N. 4- sivopt indifl'er- onco wholly nway, nnd No. 5 stnrtcd a lauglr,'' wliieh was still in good and .hearty con dition whon No." 14 took its piaoo -in' tho row. ; " Oh, you'ro all right yot," said Barrow.; " You boo you're not past amusement." . - The pictures wore fearful as to color, and atrocious as to drawing and expression ; but -foatures which squcloliod aitimoBity and mndo them funny was a foaturo whioli could not . aohiovo, its full force .in a single ploturo, but required tho woudsr working assistance of. re petition. Ouo loudly-dressed mcahanio in statoly attitudo, with, his baud on -a .cannon,, ashore, and a ship riding nt anchor in tho oiling— this is merely odd ; but whon ono sees; tliosamo cannon and tlio samo ship in 14 pio- turos in a row, nnd a different mechanic stand ing watch in each, tho thing got3 to bo funny? " Explain — explain theso aberrations," siiid Tracy. " Woll, they are not tho achievement of ti singto intellect, n single talent— it takes two to . do theso miracles. They aro collaborations ; tlio ouo artist does tlio figure, tho other tlio accoso-' rlos. Tho figuro artist is a German bIioo mnlccr with an untaught passion for art, the other is'a- simplo hearted old Ynnkoo sailor man, whoso possiliililios are strictly limitod to his siiiji, liis cannon and his pateh of potrifiod son. Thby work these things up from 25 ceiit. tin typo's they, got 6 doL apioao for them; and thoy' can grind out a couple a day when thoy strike what they call a boost— that is, an iuspir-1 nticm." . , " l'boplo aotually pay inonoy for tlieso.oalum- nios?" , " Tlicy notnaliy iio— and quito willingly, top.. And theso nbortionists could doublo their trade aud work tho women in if ' Captain Baltmnrsli oould whirl a horso ill, or n piano, or a guitar, in plaoo of his cannon. The fact is, iio fatigues ' tlio market with tlmt cannon. Even the male mnrkot, I mean.- Those fourteen in the'proco's" sion arc not all satisfied. One is nn old "inde pendent" fireman, and lie wants an ongino in .place of tile cannon ; another in mate of a tug, and .wants n tug in plnoo of tlio ship — and so on -and so on. But tho captain can't mnlco a tug that is dccoptivc, and n firo ongino is many flights beyond his power.". " This is n most oxtraordinnry form of rob- bory. I never lmvo hoard of anything liko it. It's interesting." " Yes, nnd so aro tho artists. Thoy are per fectly honest men, and sincere, and the old sailor man is full of sound religion, nnd is ns dovolod a student of tho Bible and mlsquoter .of .it as you oan find anywhere. I don't -know i n hotter man or kinder lioartod old soul than Baltmnrsli, although ho does swenr ft little some times." " Ho seemB to bo porfcot, I want. to know him, Barrow." " You'll have tho ahanee. I guess ' I - hoar thotn coming now. " Wo'U draw thorn out on their art, if you like.", ...... The artists arrived, and shook hands with great lieurtincss. TlioGcrmnn was 40 and a littlo lleshy, with sliiiiy bald bond, aiid n kindly face and deforen-' tiai manner. Captain Baltmiiruh wns 60, tall, erect, powerfully built, witii coal black hair nnd whiskers, nnd ho hnd a well tanned complexion, aiida gait and countahnnao that were full of' coniifliiiul, confidonoo and dooision.-- His horny hands hnd wrists woro ooVorcd with tattoo marks, and when his lips partod, his tooth' glowed iup white and blomishlcss: His yoico was tlio. effortless deep basS'pf a church organ, and would disturb tho tranquillity of a gas flnino 50 yardji rwny. " Thay'ro wondcrfu 1 pictures, " said Barrow, we'.vo boon examining Ilium." . ., ' it is vory plnnsant dot you liko doni," said Handol, the Gorman, greatly plenscd. " Unci you, HorrTr'ney, ypu have pcciibloasod mit them too, nlretty?" ' I can honestly Bay I havo never scor any thing jiist liko llieih before." ,. , " Solifin," cried tho Gorman, delighted. "You hear, Captain ? Hero is d cliontlcnian, yes, vot abbrcoiato unscr nnit." Tho captain was charmed and said — V:,,"' Well sir, we're thankful for n compliment yet, though tiioy'ro not ns scarce now as thoy uscdttoFe boforo wo mndo a reputation." "Getting tho reputation is the up hill timo in most things, Captain." . "It'n so. It ain't enough to know how to rcof n gasket, you've gat to make tho mate know you know it. That's reputation!"- Tho good word, tho- right" time; that's tho, word th'at ,'nidkeB ns ; and ovil bo to him. that, ovil thinkB, as Isniah says" ' ; "It'sj vory relevant,- and- lilts tho point ex- netly,'';iiald Trncy. , ."Whore did you study art, Captain?" " I haven't studied ; it's a natural gift. " " Ho- is iiorn mit doao cjinuon . in him.' Ho toiult liaf to do noding; his ohoniusdo oil do vork. Of ho- is aslcop, nnd tako n pencil in his hand, out como n cannon. "Pyornshus; of ho could do a olavior, of ho oould. do n guitar, of lio ««i$W<do a vashtub, it is n fortuue, hoiligor Yo- haniiiss, it is yoost a fortune." " Woll, it is nn immenso pity that tbo busi- rio.ss Is hindered and limitod in this 'unfortunate way." . ',- . Tlio captain grew n triflo exoited . himself noiy.V' '. . " Yon'vo said it, Mr. . Tracy. ; . Hindorod ? W0';; I should soy so. "' "Why, look lioro; Tills f.cilqw Iiere. Noll, tic's a haokman— a flourish ing hnoUmnri,T may say. Ho wnhts his hack in this pioturo." AVarits it ivhuro tho cauiion is. , I get around that difficulty by tolling him tho' cannon's our trado mark, no to speak — provo's 'that tlio picture's our work, and I' was afraid if wo lcft.it out peoplo wouldn't know, for curtain if it wns a Bnltmarsh- Handol— now, you wouldn't yourself—." "What, Captain?. You wrong yourself, da doed you do. Anyoho who has o.ncd' seen ' a-, gonuino Snltinnr8li-Hand6l'is''fiafo from •impos ture for evor. Strip it, flay . it.'skin.it out of every dotiiil but tlio baro, c61or.:ni'id expression, man will still recognise it, still stop to tworship." . v - ' - Ob. how it inako. mo feol to hear doso ox- prcssioiis — ," he still says to .himself again ns'ho lins.utiid a hundred limes before; "the art of tho Snltinarsh-Hnndcl. is'n'n art npiirt, thoro is nothing in the heavens nbovo or . in tho eiirtlr ibonoath that resembles it— '1 " 'IPy bhimihy, nur iiijron Sie pinmal. In ;my lifeday hnf I never, heard so hrccious /Worts.." -; r- ' . " So I talked him out of tbo hack, ;Mr. Tracy, ahd ho lot up on that, and said put in a hearse, then — because ho's chief lhnto of d licdrso, liufc 'don't own.it — stands a .watch for wages, you know. But I can't do n licarsu any more than I oan n linok, bo horo wo aro— bqoalmcd, you dec, And it's tlio samo with women' and ' 'Suoli.. Thoy come, and thoy want n littlo johnry ploturo—" . , ' . " It's tho accessories tiiat ' make it a jccjirc?" '..' " "Yes, cannon or Kit, or any littlo thing lilco- that, that you heave in to whoop . up the 'dffcet,' 'AVo oould do 'ri piod igious'i'trndo" with Ithp. women if wo oould foreground tho things they 'like, but tlicy don't givo a, ourso for (irlillqry. Mine's tho lack," eontinuod' tlio. cap-,, tain witha-sigh. " Andy's. pad of tho business is all-right. I toll you lie's an artist from wny- lia'ckl' ' . ' . . , , : "Yoost hear dot, old man! '.'Ho always talk 'poud mo liko dot" purred the pleased ;Gotmnn. . . '"libok at his work ' yoursolf I ' Fourtoon. portraits in o row. And -no . two of tliem alike;!' .. ,. ... , "Now that you speak of it, it is true ; I hadn't noticed it before. It,is vory remarkable. Tlnifiife. I suppose. . ., . , . -.. ,, "I should sily so. That" tlio very thing about Andy— lio discriminates. Discrimination is tho tliief 'of timo— forty-ninth I'snlm ; but that ain't any matter,' it's tbo bonest thihg. ahd .it pays in tho end.". , ''Yes, 'hp certainly is great in that feature, 'one is obliged to admit it ; but— now mind, I'm mot really criticising— don't you tliink bo is just a.tritlc over strong iti teoliniquo? " -Tho onptnin's face was knocked expressionless by.tliis l-omark. It remained quito.vacnnt while" hp" niuttbrcd to himsolf — " teohiiiquo— tooh- .lllque'-polytccliniqiic— pyro-tcolmiquu ; tliat'slt1 Jikply— fireworks— too much color." Tiien ho spblto up with serenUy and .ebiifldcueo, and snld . .. ! '" yell, yes; he docs pilo it on pretty loud,- liut'they all liko it, you know— fact is; it's tho 'life of the husinoss. Take that No. 0, there, Evans tho butcher: Ho drops into tlio- studiii .as.sobcr colorod as anything you ever scoi; now .look nt him; You can't toll him from scarlot fovor.'S AVoIl; it ploaBos that butcher to death. I'm making a study of a sausagb wreath to hang on the caiiuon, and" I don't really reckon I oan ilo .it right, but if I. can, wo can break tho butcher." '". J ' "Uhqu'estionnbly your confederate — I inoan your— your fallow ornftomnn— is n groat colorist — " " Oh, danlco soliiin !" ' , "Inlsbt, n' quite extraordinary colorist; n ;6plorist, I make bold to say, without imitator hero or abroad — and with a most hold and offco-. live tauollj n touch like a'bat'tering ram, and a mannor to peculiar anil romantic, and ex'-' tranoouB, and ad libiturr\, and heart soarbliing, that'-— that — he— ho— is" dn impressionist; I ' pre- suino?'.' ; N6;"rSaid tlip captain simply, " he' is n Pros? bytorian," " It accounts for it nil— all— there's some thing divino about liis art — soulful, unsatisfac- ,tory, yearning, diui honrkuniiig on tlio void, -horizon; vague murmuring to tho spirit out of uUro-mariuo, distances arid far sounding catd- .ciysinn of uncreated spaco — oh, if ho — if ho has over tried distompcr ?" The captain nnsworcd up witii energy-— . .. !. i "Not if ho knows himsolf 1 But his dog has, 'and—". ...:. .. .. .-. r . '''Oh; no, it was not. my dog." .... ' "AVliy. you srtidit was.your dog;" "Oh; i|o, captain, I—", , , . . ' " It was a white dog, wasn't it, with his tail d'ookcdj and ono'edr goiio, and— " / "Dot's ihim ! Dot's him !— dor fcrry dog. AVy, pyi'Ohorge,' dot dog ho..vould cat'baint' yflost do samo liko—" ' " AVoll, never mind that, now — 'vast lioaving —I never caw such n man. You start hiin on tjiat dog arid he'd dispute a year. Blamed if I \- hiivon't seen him koop it up a levol two hour's nuil a half." ' . . ' ' " AVliy;' Captain, " said Barrow, " I guess tiidt must bo hearsay." "No, sir, no hearsay about, it — lie disputcd; witii ina."' ... "I dipri't seo bov/ yon stood it." - . "Oh, 'you'vo got to, if you fun. with Aniiy but it'll tho only fault lio's got," . " Ain't' you afraid of acquiring it? " ' ,'... " Oli, iio;" said the captain, tranquilly,' '! rip danger of that, i roekon." Tlio artists presontly took their leave. Tiiofi BarioW put liis hands on Tracy's shoulders and: said — I";' . . " Loblc'mo in tlio .eye, my boy.. Steady, steady! . There, it's just as I thought, hoped any Way.; you're all right, tlinnl: goodriess. Nothiqg'tlie matter with your mind, but don't do that ngain for even full ; it isn't wise. Thoy wouldn't have believedyou if you'd been an earl's son. AVhjr, they couldn't, don't you knew that ? i; AVhotcvo'r posHcBsed you to ask suoh n froak? ! But never mind about that, let's not talk of it. ' It was n nustako ; you seo that yourself." "Yes — it was a mistake." r . "AVoll, pist drop it out of your mind, it's no haim, -wo nil -maho them. Pull your courago togotlior, nnil_ dqn'_t brppd. a|ld_doii't ,.givp_ Hfi. I m at yoifr lioelrfanil' we'll pull through, don't you bo nfrnid." , .. Wlien ho ivns gono Barrow walked the floor n 'good while, uneasy in liis mind. Ho said to himself " I'm troubled about liim. Ho never would liavo mado n'brcak liico "that if Iio iiadri't been n littlo off Ida balance, "lut l know wliat being out of work and no prospect ahead can do for a man. First, -it i hnochs- the pluck out of. him arid dragn.his.pridc iu.tiuj.ilirt ; worry do.uy, the rest, nnd his'Vniiul gets shaky. I must tnllc to thosu peoplo. No — if it licro's any liumanity in titem— nnd Uicre is ,,nt. bottom— they'll bo' C"ior on him if thoy. tjiink, liis tpoiihlo bns disturbed his reason, ' Ijiif IVp got to find liim .sopio work; work's tlio drily"' medicine for liis disease. Poor devil! away off liore, and not a friend." . (To be > continued-. ): : 