THE TRAVELLER. jt , - TRAVELS IN JAPAN. Br Lafoadio Hearn.J NO. IV.— IN A BUDDHIST CEMETERY. And we come to tho ond of tho cemetery, to tho vergo of the great grove. Beyond tho trees, what caressing sun — what spiritual loveliness in the tender day. A tropio sky always Bcemed to me to hang so low that ono could almost hatha ono's , . finger . in . its .luke warm liquid blue, by reaching upward from any dwelling roof. But this sky — Bofter, sweeter, fainter tinted— nrohes so vastly as to suggest tho heaven of a larger planet, How ctherially sweet it is I The very alonds are not olouds, but only dreams of olouds— so filmily rare they aro; ghosts of clouds — diaphnnoUB flimsiest spootres— illusions. All at once I become aware of a child standing before mo, a very young girl, who looks up wondcriugly it my foreign faco— so light her approach that tho joy of the birds and whisper ing of the loaves quite drowned the soft sound of; hoc sandalled feet Her . ragged garb is Japanese, but her gazo, hor blonde loose hair, aro not of Nippon only ; the ghost of another race— perhaps my own— watohes me through her : flower blue eyes. A strange playground surely is , this for theo,,my child; I wonder if all theso shapes about thee do not seem - very, weird, very strange, to that little soal of thine.: But no, 'tis only I who seem strange to thee; thou hast forgotten tho Other Birth, and thy father's world. Half caBte, and poor, and pretty— in tnis cursed foreign port i Better tbon wort . with the dead about thee, ehild! Batter than the soft splendor of this faluo light, tho unknown darkness for thee. There tho sweet faced god, tho gentle Jizo, would care for thee, and bido theo in his great sleeves, and keep all evil from thee, and play shadowy play with thee ;— and this thy forsaken mother, who now comes to ask an aims for thy sako, dumbly pointing to thy strango beauty with hor patient Japanese smile, would put little stones upon the knees of the dear God that thou mightest find rest. "Oh, Akira; you must tell me something more about Jizo and the ghosts of the children in the Saino- Kawara." "I cannot tell you much more," answers Akira, smiling at my interest in this oharming divinity; "but if you will eomo with me now to Kubo-yama I will show you in one of the temples there pictures of the Saina-Knwara and of Jizo, and the Judgmont of Souls." : So we toko our way in two jinrikishas to the Tempto Rin-ko-ji, on Kubo-yama. We roll quickly through a milo of many colored narrow Japanese streets, then through a half mile of pretty, suburban ways, lined with gardens, behind whose perfectly dipped hedges arc houses light nnd dainty as cages of wicker work ; and then, leaving our vehicles, wo asoend green hills on foot, by tortuons paths, and traverse a region of fields and farms. After a long walk in the hot snn, wo reach a tiny vil lage almost 'wholly composed of shrines and temples. ; The outlying snored plan — throb buildings in ono enolosureof bamboo fences-- belongs to the Shinzou sect. A small open shrine to the left of tho entrance fust attracts us. rIt is a dead house; a Japanese bier is there. But almost opposite to. the doorway is an altar covered with startling images, tile shapes of tho phantom powers ruling tlio world of ghosts. What immediately rivets the attention is a terrible figure, all Vermillion red, towering above many smaller images — a goblin shape, with immenso, cavernous, fearful Plutonian eyes. His mouth is widely opened ns if speak ing in wrath, and his brows frown terribly. A long red beard descends upon his red breast, and oh his head is a strangely shaped crown— a crown of block and gold — having three singular lobes, tho loft lobe bearing an image of tlio moon ; the right an image of tho sun ; the central lobe in all blaok. But below it," upon the deep gold rimmed black band, flames a mystic character signifying King. , Also, from the samo orown hand protrude at descending angles to left and right two gilded sceptre shaped ohjccis. In ono hand the king holds an object similar of form, hut larger, his shaku a regal wand. And Akira explains : — "Tiiis is Emma — O, Lord of Shadows, Judge of Souls, King of tho Dead. . . . Of any man having a terrible countenance, tho Japanese are went to soy ' Jlis face is tho face of Emma.' " . At his right hand whito' Jiza-Sama stands upon a many petalled rosy lotos. At his left is the image of an aged woman, weird Sozu- Baba, sho who takes . tho'. garments of tbo dead away by., tho banks of tho River of the Three Roads, which flows through tho phantom world. Palo blue her robe is, her hair and skin are white, hor face is Btrangciy wrinkled, her small keen eyes are hard. The statue is very old, and the paint is sealing from it in places, so as to lend it n ghastly, IcprouR aspect. Tboro are also images of tho sea goddess; Benton, and of Kwannon-Sama, seated on summits of mountains forming the upper part of a miniature landscape madeof some unfamiliar composition, and beautifully colored, the whole being protected from careless fiugeriiig liy strong wire nettings stretched across the front of the little siirines containing the panorama. Benton lias eight arms. Two of her hands are joined in pioyer ; the others, extended about her, held different objects— a sword, a wheel, a how,' an arrow, a key, and q magical gein. Standing on the' slopes of'.he'rj mountain throne are her ten robed attendants, -all in the attitude of prayer. Still further .down appears the body of si great white serpent, with, its tail hanging fiomone-.o'rlfieo in the." rocks and its head, emerging ..from another,'. At the very bottom ..of . /this Sill dies a .patient . .cow. Kwanhoh' appears as" Kwaiinoh Sonjin, the thousand armed, offoring gifts to men with tho wholo multitude of her bands of mercy. But all this is not what wo came to see. Tho pictures of heaven and hell await . us in tho Lon-Shu temple closo by, whither we turn our steps. On tho woy my guide tells me this :— W hen ono dies the body is laved and shaven, and attired in the garments of pilgrims (Koromo). And n wallet (Sanebukero), like a Buddhist pilgrims wallet, is hung about the neck of tho dead, and in this wallet aro placed threo rin. And these coins are buriad with the dead. For all who die must, except ohildron, pay threo rin at the Sau-Zu-no-Kawa, 'the Rivor of tho Three Roads.' IVhon souls havo reached that river they find thoro the Old Woman of the Three Roads, Sozu-Baba, waiting for them. Sho livos on the bank of that rivor with her husband, Tonu-Datsn-Ba, and if the old woman is not paid tho sum of throe rtir she takes - away tho clothes of tho dead and hangs them up on the troes." I The temple is small, neat, luminous with tho sun pouring into its widely opened shojis ; and Akira mast know the priests well, bo affable their greeting is. I make a little offering,- and Akira explains tho purpose of our visit. Thereupon wo are invited into a largo bright apartment . in the wing of tho building, overlooking a lovely garden. Little cushions are placed on tho floor for us to sit upon ; and a smoking box is brought in and a tiny lacquered table about 8 inehos high. And while- one of the priests opens a cupboard or aicovo with doors to. find the pictures, whioh are Kakemonos or paintings on long scrolls rolled up on wooden rollers, another brings us tea nnd a pinto of curious confectionery, con. sisting of various pretty objeets made of a pasto of sugar and rice Hour. One is a perfcot modei of a chrysanthemum blossom, another is a lotos, others aro simply largo thin crimson lozenges, bearing admirable designs, flying birds, wading storks, fish, even miniature landscapes. Akira pioks out tho chrysanthemum, and insists that I shall eat it ; and I begin to demolish the sugary blossom, petal by petal, feeling all tho whilo a sense of acute remorse for spoiling so beautiful a theme, Meanwhile, four Kakemonos havo been brought forth, unrolled nnd suspended from pegs upon (he wall, and wo rise to examine thein. They are very, very beautiful Kakemonos miracles of drawing and of color, subdued oolor, tbe color of tbo best period of Japanese art, nnd they are vory large, fully 5 feet long, end more than 2 feet broad, mounted upon siltc. Aud theso aro the legends of tlicm : — First Kakemono : In the upper part of tiie painting is a scene from the Shaba, tbe world of men, which wo are wont to call tho real — a cemetery with trees in blossom and- mourners kneeling before tombs. All under the delioious soft blue light of Japanese day. Undertieath is the world of ghosts. Down through tho earth crust souls are descending. Hero thoy aro flitting all whito through inky darkness ; hero they are wading through weird light, tho flood of the phantom river of tho Threo Roads — Sanzn-no-Knwa. And here, on the right, is waiting for them Sozu-Baba, the Old AVoman of the Threo Roads, ghastly and grey, and tall as n' nightmare. From some she is taking their gsrments ; the trees about her aro hung with tho garments of others gone before. Further down I see fleoing souls overtaken by domons— hideous blood rod demons, with feet liko lions, with face half human, half bovine, — the physiog nomy of tho Minotaur in fury. One is rending a soul asunder ; other demons arc forcing souls to roinoarnate themselves in bodies of horses, of dogs, of swine. Aud as they are thus reincar nated hideously they flee away into shadow — mysterious shadow— liko tlio darkness of tho future. Second Kakemono : Si.cli a gloom as tlio diver sees indeop sea water — a lurid twilight, nil under world gloaming. In the midst a throne, ebon colored, nnd upon it an awful figura seatod, Emma, Lord of Death and Judgo of Souls, un- pitying, mighty, tremendous. Frightful guardian spirits . hover . about him liko . . armed goblins. On' tho left, in tho foreground below tho throne, stands the wondrous Mirror, Tahnrl-no-Kagsmi, reflecting the state of souls and all tlio happonings of the world. A landscapo now shadows its surface, a landscape of cliffs and lakes and snipping, with figures of pedestrians and sailors. On the right, upon a tall stemmed flat stand, such as offerings to the gods are placed upon in the tomplos, a monstrous shape appears, like a double faced head freshly cut off and set upright upon the stump of tho neck. Tho two faoes arb the witnesses. The face of the woman" (Mirume) sees all that goes on in. tho Shaba ; tho other, faco is tho face of a bearded man, tho fnco of Kaguhana, who Bmcils all odors, and by themjis aware of all that human beings do." Close to them upon a reading stand. a great book is open, the record book of deeds. . And between tho mirror and the witnesses, white shuddering souls await judgment. .. Further down I see the sufferings of souls already sentenced One, in - lifetime a liar, is having his tongue torn out by a demon armed with, heated .pincers. Other souls, flung by scores into fiery carts, arc boing dragged away by (lemons, Tlio carts . nro of iron, hut resemble exactly in form those hand waggons which one. sees every day being pulled and pushed through the streets by hare limbed Japanese -laborers, chanting always .the same melancholy alternating . chorus, Hnidah ! lici ! Haidali 1 hci! Rut those demon waggoners— naked, blood colored, haviug the feet 'of lions, and the heads of bulls— inove with tlicir flaming waggons at a : run, 'like jiniikislia men. All thc souls so far limned are souls of adults. -The souls of children aro not judged, by Emma. Third Kakemono : A .furnace with Boiils for fuel, blaring up "info darkness. Demons stir tho fire with poles of iron. - Through the supe rior blackness white souls. are descending, head downwards, into 'the flames. Below this saeno opens -a- shadowy landscape— ni! faiiit hluo and faint grey world of 'hills "and "vales. through whioh o river serpontines— tho Snino-Knwarn. Thronging the banks of the pale river nro tho ghosts of little children,— trying to pile up stones. They nro very, very pretty — tho ohild souls, pretty as real Japancao children are (it is astonishing how ex quisitely is ehild beauty felt and expressed by the artists of Japan ; ono would say tliose men had the souls of women). Each ohild has ono little short whito dross. In tho foreground a horriblo devil wilh-nn iron olub has just dashod down nnd scattered a pile of stones built by ono of the children. The infant ghost seated by the ruin of its poor little work, is orying with both pretty hands to its eyes. Tho devil appears to sneer. . Other child ren also are weeping nearby. But, lot Jizo oomes, all light and sweetness, with n glory moving behind him, liko a great:full moon, and he holds out his sbakujo, his Btrong and holy staff, and tho little ghosts catch it nnd oling to it, and are drawn into tho circle of his loving proteotion. And other infants liavo caught his great sleeves, and ono has been lifted to tho angel bosom of tho God. Below this Saino-Kawara soeno appears yet another shadow world — a wilderness of bamboos. Only whito robed shapes of women appear in it. Thev aro weening ; tho fingers of all aro bleed- ing. With finger nails plucked out must thoy continue through the centuries .to pick t he sharp edged bamboo grass. Fourth Kakemono : Floating in glory," : Dai- Niohi-Nyori,-Kwannon-Snmn,-Amida Buddha. 'Far bolow them, as hell from heaven," surges a lake of blood in which souls float. Tho shores of tho lake aro prpoipices studded with sword blades thickly set as teeth in tbo jaws of a shark ; and demons aro driving other naked ghosts up tho appalling slopes. But out of the crimson lnko somothing crvstallino rises liko a beautiful dear waterspout, the stem of a flowor — a miraculous lotos, hearing up a soul to tho feet of a priest, standing abovo tho vergo of tlio abyss. By virtue of his saintly prayor was shaped the lotos which thus lifted up and saved a Buffering soul. Alas ! There are no other Kakemonos. There were several others ; they have been lost ! No; I am happily mistaken. Tlio priest has found in some mysterious cupboard ono more Kakemono, a very large one, which he un rolls and susponds beside tho others. A vision of beauty, indeed! But what has this to do with faith or ghosts? In tho foreground a garden by the . waters of the sea or some vast blue lake— a jgarden like that at Kanagawn, full of exquisite miniature landscape work, cascades, grottoes, lily ponds, cnrvcdbridges,andtrecssnowy with blossom, and dainty pavilions outjutting over the placid azure water. Hero children are playing, peacocks are strutting. Aud the walks ofthq garden lead to beautiful buildings like ted houses, with white shojis all open to tho sum mer day, and matted floors whereon guests are reposing. And furthor and vaster, a marvellous mngnificcnco of lofty edifices, rising roof beyond roof to glorious altitudo in faint bluo haze, in summer vapor, creations nil aerial, grnoious, light as dreams. Why, this is pnradiso ! tho Gokarnku 1 and all those quiet guests are Souls I Well, what "after all is the heaven of any faith b'ut ideal reiteration and prolongation of happy experi ences remembered — the dream of dead days resurreotcd for us, and made eternal? And if you think this Japanese ; ideal 'too simple, too nati'c — if you any thero nro experiences of tlio materiel life more worthy of portrayal in a picture of heaven than any memory of days, passed in. Japanese gardens and tea Iioubcs, it is perhaps because you da not know Japan, the soft swcot loveliness' of its sky, the tender color of its waters, the gentle splendor of its sunny days, tbo exquisite charm and comfort of its interiors, wliero tho least object appeals to the sense of beauty witli the air of something hot made, but caressed iuto oxistenco. ."Now there is a wasan of Jizo," says Akira, taking from a shelf in tho tempio alcove some muoh worn, blue coverod Jspancso book. "A wasan is what you would call a hymn or psalm.". This book is 200 yoars old ; it is called Saino-' Kawara-Kuohizusnni-no-den, which is literally," "Tho Legend of tho Humming of tho Saino- Kawara, An this iB tbo wasan. (And lie reads me tho hymn of Jizo,— tbo legend of the mur mur of the little ghosts— the legend of the hum ming' of the Saino-Kawara, softly, rhythmically, like a song) : — Not of this world is the story of sorrow, , Tlio story of the Saino-Kawara, At llie roots of the'uiountaln Suldo, I Not of this world is the tale, yet 'tis most piti ful to hear. j For together in tbo Saino-Kawara are as- sembled, j Children of tender age in multitude, Infants hat two or three years of age. \- Infants of four or five, infants of less than ten, ' In tbe Saino-Kawara are tlioy all gathered together. And the voico of their longing for their parents; "The voice of their crying for their mothers and their fathers. ... " Chichi Koishil linha Kolslii I" Is never as the voice of the crying of children in this world. These first ten linos of the original will illus trate the measure of the wasan : — Koreiva KanSyo no koto narSzit Snfua no yaimql no suso no nuru Sai no Kuwiira no raonognturl ' Kikit in toiiketonio. aware imri Futatsu-ya, nitsu-ya, yotsn i tsiitsu. i To nimo tnriiiiu mido'rigo ga ' Sal no Kawiira ill atsuinart to .- . . Chichi Kolslii, haha koishi, Kolslii, koisbi to naku kouwa ' IConoya no koetowa'kotokaware. .. . But a eying so piteous to hear , That the sound of It would pierca through flesh npil hone. : Anil Borrowful, indeed, tho task which they perform;- .. Gathering tho atones of the bed of thoBivcr Knwara, . Therewith to heap the tower of. prayers ; baying prayers for the happiness of papa; they heap the first tower ; . . , 1 Saying prayers : for "tbe happiness of mamma, tuey heap the second tower ; . . Saying prayers for their brothers,, their sisters . ' . nnd all whom tbey loved at home, they heap \- the third tower.-'"' Such by day are their pitiful diversions." . \- But ever as.tho -sun begins to sink below the . horizon, Then , do tlic Oni, tho demons' of the hells ; .'.-appear, .... ! Aiiu liny to tbeiii, ""What" is tilts that you. do hero? Lo I your paronts still living in tho Shaba world, Tako no thought of pioiiB ottering or holy work ; They do naught bub mount for you from the morning until tho evening. Oh, how pitiful, alas ! how unmerciful 1 Verily the cause of the pains that you suffer Is only tlio mourning, tho lamentation of your parents." And saying also, " Blame never us I" Tho demons cast down henpod up towors. They dash tho stones down with their clubs of iron, But, lo i tlio toucher Jizo appears: All gently he comes, aud> says to tlio weeping " Be not afraid, deiirs I— bo nevor fearful- 1 : Poor Iittlo souls, your lives aro brief indeed ! Too soon you wero forced to take the weary journey to Moidol— " The long Journey to tho region oftliodoadl" Trust to mo, darlings !— I am your fathor in tho Mcido, . Father of nil children in the region of tho dead." . Anil ho folds tho skirt of his shining robo about them ; So graciously takes ho pity on the infants, To thoso who cannot walk ho stretches forth his strong shakujo. And ha pets the. Iittlo ones, carossos them, takes them to his loving bosoin. : So graciously ho takes pity on tho infants. Knoin nmiila Butsu ! Naom awida Butsu ! 