[all sights reserved.] ttADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD.; Copyright, 1891, By H. Rider Haggard. INTRODUCTION^ Some years since—it was during the winter before the Zulu War—n White Man was travelling through Natal. Hia natua does not matter^ for he plays no part in this story, which tells of black people only. With him Were two waggons laden with goods, which he was transporting to Pretoria. The weather was cold and there was little or no grass for the oxen, which made the journey diflicult ; but he had been tempted to it by the high rates of transport that prevailed at this season of the year, and which would remune- rate him for any probable loss he might suffer in cattle. So he pushed along on his JoVinicy, and all went well till he had passed the little town of Stanger, which was once the site of Duguzn, the kraal of Chaka, the first Zulu king. The night after ho left Star.ger the air turned bitterly cold, heavy grey clouds filled the sky, and hid the light of the stars. 'Now,-if I were not in Natal, I should say that there was a heavy fall of snow coming,' said the Whirs Man to: him self. ' I have oftett s'cen the sky look like that in Srotlithd before snow.! Then he re flected that there had been no deep snow in Natal for years, and, having drunk a ' tot' of squarefacc a*\d smoked his pipe, he woftt to bod beneath the after-tent of his largest waggon. i)urins? the night Ire was awakened by a sense of mttct cold and the low moaning of tiro ok'on that were tied to the "trek-tow, even' ox in its place. He thrust his head through the curtain of the tent and looked out. The earth was white with snow, and tho air was full of it, swept along by a bitter wind. Now he sprang up, huddHpgtt'n hift clothes and calling as hu did St) to the Kaffirs who slept beneath til's Waggons. Presently tliey awoke front the stupor which already was beginning to overcome them, and crept out, shivering with cold and wrapped from head to foot in blankets. ' Quick ! you boys,' he said to them in Zulu ; ' quick ! Would you see the cattle die of the snow and cold ? Loose the oxen from the trek-tows and drive them in between the waggons ; they will give them some shelter.' And lighting a lantern he sprang out into the snow. At last it wis done—no easy task, for the numbed hands of the Kaffirs could scarcely loosen the frozen reims. The waggons Were outspanned side by side with a space between them, and into this space the mob of thirty six oxen, was driven and there secured by reims tied crosswise from the front and., hitill wheels of the wagc^n?. Theit Hlo White Mini crept back to bed, and the shivering natives, foctil.ed with gin, or squarefacc, as it is calle(l locally, took refuge ou the second (vasrgon, drawing a tent-sail over them. For a while there was silence, save for the moatiings of the huddled and restless caUlo. 4 If the snow goes on I shell los*- V/V bxen, lie said to himself ; tlio-y Wt'n 'never bear this cold.' Unruly liad the words passed his lips when the waggon shook ; there was a sound of breaking reims and trampling hoofs. Once more he looked forth. Tho oxen had 'shrucked' in a limb. Theie they were, running aw;vy into the night and the snow, seeking to tilid shelter from the cold. Iu a minute they had vanished utterly. There was nothing to be done, except wait for the morning. ' At last it c.ime, revealing iUaUctscape blind with snow. Such search a*s could bo made re vealed nothing. U'iiu oxen had gone, and their sp'rtor was obliterated by the fresh-fallen snow. The "White Man calkd a council of his Kaffir servants. ' What was to be done T he asked. , One said this thing, one that, butftll Sgreed that they must wait till lliu SlYoVv melted. 'Or till we ficvK'O, Von whose mothers were fools !' said the White Man, who was in the worst of tempers, for had he not lost four hundred pounds' worth of oxen ? Then a Zulu spoke, who had hitherto re mained pilctic. He was the driver of tho first waggon. father,' he said to the White ilati, '• this is ny word. Tim bteli "are lost in the snow. No mail knows whither they have gone-, or whether they live or are now but hides and bones. Yet at the kraal yonder,' and he pointed to some huts about two miles away on the hill-side, ' lives a witch doctor named Zweete. He is old—very old—but he has wisdom, and he can tell VcU frlieto the oxen are if any man may, my father.' 1 Stuff ' said the ^White Man. 'Still, as the kraal cannot be colder than this waggon, wo will go and ask Zweete. Bring a bottle oE squareface and some snull with you for presents.' An hour later he stood in the hut of Zweete. Before him was a very ancient man, a mere bag of bones, with sightless eyes, and with one hand—his left—white and shrivelled. ' What do you seek of jvwex&i;, toy white father?'asked theotd man ina thin voice. 'You do not believe in me and my wisdom ; why j should I help you 1 Yet I will do it, though it J is against your law, and you do wroSVg to ask me—yes, to show you thete is truth in us Zulu doctors, 1 will help you. My father, I know what you seek. You seek to know where your oxen have run for shelter from j the cold ! Is it not so V . ' It is so, Doctor,' answered tiro W bite Man. ' You have long ears.' ' Yes, my white father, I have long ears, and yet thev say that I grow deaf. I have keen eyes also, yet I cannot see your face. Let me hearken ! Let me look !' For a while be sat silent, rocking himself to and fro, then he spoke : ' You have a farm, White Man, down tear Pine Towll, is it not 1 Ah ! I thought so—and an hour's ride from your farm lives a Boer with four fingers only on his right hand. There is a kloof on the Boer's farm where grow mitnosa trees. There, in tho kloof you slrtll find your oxen—yes, five days.' journVvV from hero you shall find them all. I say all, my father, except three only—the big black Africander ox, the little red Zulu ox with one horn, and the speckled ox. These you shall not find, for they have died in the snow. Send, and you shall find the others. No, no ! T ask no fee ! I do not work wonders for reward* Why should I, I am rich V . Now the White Man ecoifejL But in the end, so great is the power of superstition, he sent. And hete it may be stated that on the eleventh day of his sojourn at the kraal of Zweete, those whom he sent returned with the oxen, except the three only. After that he scoffed no more. Those eleven days he spent in a hut of the old man's kraal, and every afternoon he came and talked with him, sitting far into the night. On the third day he asked Zweete how it was that his left hand was white and shrivel led, and who were Umslopogaas and Nada, of whom he had let fall some words.. Then the old man told him the tale that is set out here. Day by day he told some of it till it was finished. It is not all written in these pages, for portions may have been forgotten, or put aside as irrelevant. Nor lias it.been possible for the writer of it to render the full force of the Zulu idiom or to convey a picture of the teller. For, iu truth, he acted rather than told his story. Was the death of a warrior in'question, he stabbed with his stick, showing how the blow fell and where ; did the story grow sorrowful, he groaned, or oven wept. Moreover he had many voices, one for each of the actors in his tale. This man, ancient and withered, seemed to live again in the far past. It was the past that spoke to his listener, telling of deeds long forgotten, of deeds that are up more known. Yet as he may best, the White Man has set down the substance of the story of Zweete in the spirit in which Zweete told it. And because the mystery of Nada the Lily tTtid those with whom her life was intertwined moved him strangely, and in many ways, he j has done more, he has printed it that others may judge of it. And now his part is played. Let him who was named Zweete, but who had another name, take up the story. CHAPTER I. The Boy Cijaka Pkoi>hesies. You ask me, my father, to tell you the tile of the youth of Umslopogaas who was named Bulalio the Slaughterer, and of his love for Nada, the most beautiful of Zulu women. It is long ; but you are here for many nights, •uid, if I live to tell it, it shall be told. Strengthen your heart, my father, for I have much io say that is sorrowful, and when [ think of Kada the tears creep through the horn that shuts out my old eye3 from light. Do you know who I am, my father? You do not know. You think that I am an old, old witch-doctor named Zweete. So all men have thought for many years, but that is not my name. None have known it, and I have kept it looked in my hreast, lest., though I live now under the law of the Wliito Man, and the Great Queen is roy chieftainos^, an assegai still might find this heart did any know my name. Look at this hand, my father-==no,. not that which is withered with fire ; ltittR on this right hand of mine. You see it, though I who . aui blind cannot. But .still,, within me I seo it as once it was. . Ay ! I see it red and strong—red with the.blood of two kings. Hearken, my father ; bend your - ear to me and hearken. I am Mopo—all! I felt you, start; you start as the regimont of tho Bees started when Mopo walked-, bofuk-e their ranks, and from the assegai in his hand the blood of Chuka * dropped slowly to the earth. .• I am Mopo ■who slew Chalca the king. I slow him with Dingaan and UmhUngana the princes ; but the wound was mine that his life crept out of, and but for me he would'ncver have been slain. I slow him with the princes, but Din gaan, I and one other slew Jiloue. , ■' What do you sny ? iDingaan died by tho Tongola.' - 'Tes, yes, lie died, but" not there [ ho died on tho Ohost Mountain j he litis ol» Lhe breast of the old Stone Witch who sits aloft for ever Waiting for the world .to perish. B.it I, I also was on the Ghost Mountain. In those days my feet still Qoulil.. tmvel frt3t,' and vengeance would not let lrie sfpefi. t travelled by day, and by .night 1 fpUnd hii'n. land another We killed him—ah ! ah ! " Why do I tell you this 1 W1 at has it to do with the love3 of " Omslopogaas, and Nada the Li]}' ? I will tell you. I slew Chaka for the sako of my ' si- iter, Baleka, t he mother of Uiuslopogaas. I and Umslop ogaas slew Dingaau for the sake of Nadu, who was niy daughter. There are great nanies in- tho story i my father. Yes, many hnVo Heard the dairies : vfKen thte tmpis i'Gared '.them. out.as I they fiharged in battle, I have felt the mountains skake and seen the waters quiver in the sound of them. But where are they now 1 Silence has them, and tho white men write them down in books. I,-opened the gntes of distance for the holders of" tho nntnes. They passed through .and they are gone beyond. I cut the strings; that tiodjlielh to the fro rid. They felloiF. JJithn I Th- y fell off! Perhaps tiiey are failing still, perhaps they creep about the desolate kraals in the skins of snakes. I wish I knew the snake that I might crush them with my heel. Fonder, bene.ith us, at the burying-place of kings, there is a hole. In that liolo lie the bones of Chaka, the king who Faraway 111 Zululand there is a cleftup on the Ghost Mountain. At the fooc of that cleftjio the bones of Dingann, the king whn died tor Nada. It was far t» fall r.hd no was heavy ; those b>?nSa of his are broken into little nieces. I wont to see them when the vultures and the jackals had done their work. And then I laughed throe times: and cam'o here to die. All this is long ano, and I liavo not. died ] and yet I wiih to die. nild. follow tile toad that KiuU tVod'. j.Whaps 1 haVc ItVeil lo loll you this VilS, my father,' that .you may tell to the white men if you wjll. How old am 17 Nay, I know not. Very, very old. Had Chaka lived lie would have been as old ns I.+ None Rre living whom I. knew when I waB a boy. I alii so old that I must.lnsten. The grass withers and the winter comes. Yes, while I speak the winter nips- my heart, Well, I am ready to sleep in the cold, ami perhaps I shall wake again ill theBpringi Before the Zulus were a people—For t will begin at the .begiiitiiHg--!'. Was born of the Languid tribe. Wo were not a large tribo ; afterwards, all our able-bodied men . num bered one full regiment in Chaka's army, J but the men were brave. Now they are all dead—that people is no more. It ia gone like last mouth's moon ; how it went I will tell you ty-and-bye, ■ Our Uibe lived in A tattUtHful open country ; tUft Be^rfe.frhoVn we called the Amab6onrt,aro there now, they tell me. . My father,. Make dama, was chief of the tribe, and his kraal was built oil the orent of a hill, but I \Vas iiot the son of his chief wife. One evening when I was still little, standing as high as a man's elbow only, I went out with my mother below the cattle kraal to see the cows driven in. My mother was very fond of these cows, and there was one with a white face that would follow her about. She car- ried my iittle sister Baleka riding on her hip; Baleka was a baby then. We wnlked till we met the lads driving in the cows. My mother called the whito-facqd cow and gave it men lie leaven which ahe llad brought with her. Then the lads went on with the cattle, but the white-faced cow stopped by my mother. She said that she would bring it to the kraal when she cftnm homo.. My Utothet sat down on the grass and nursed liter baby* while Itilayed round lief atad.tbeeow 'grafted. Presently wo saw a Wolnftn "Walkllig towards us across thfc plaitt. She. walked like ob'e who is very tired. On her back witen bun'dle of mats, and she led Ky thte hafcd it boy bf about my owil o'ge, but bigger and stronger than I-. Vve waited a long while, till at last tho woman came up to us and sank down on the veldt, for she was ve,ry wear;:. \V«j sa\V by tho way her hair was 'dressed that she was not of our tH'oa. * Greeting to you V said the woman. ; 'Greeting!' answered my mother. 'What do you seek ?'■ • . - 'Food, and a hut tU sleep in,' said tho wonu>n-. 11 htiVe travelled far.' ■ 1 How are you named ?—and what is your people ?' asked my mother. 'My name is Unaudi; I am the wife of Senzangacona, of the Zulu tribe,' said tho woman. . Now, there had been war between our people and the Zulu people,and Schzangaeona had killed some of our warriors and taken many of our cattle. So, when my mother heard the speech of Unaridi.,she sprang up in anger. ' You dare to come heft} iVhd jVsk me for food and shelter^ Wife o! 'A "(log of a Zulu 1* she tttted; 1 liOgontt, or I will call the gitfe to \vl\it) oUt of our country.1 Thti woman, who was Y„tiry handsome, waited till my mo'hor had finished her angry words ; then looked up and spoke slowly, ' There is a cow by you with milk dropping from its udder ; will you not qvon give me and my boy ji gourd of milk ?' and slio took a gourd from her bundle and held it towards us. 1 I Will llOt)' 6 1 Wg are thirsty with long travel;' will you not, then, give U3 a cup of water ? We h»T0 found none fur many hours.' ' I will not, wife of a dog ; go seek water for yourself.' ' The woman's eyes'fillsd with tears, but tho boy folded his arms oil his brettst hhd scowled. He was a very handsome boy ivith bright black eyes, but wheii he scowled iiis eyes were like the sky befttrif it tlitmdferstorm. 1 Mother,' he Said, ' we are not wanted here any more than we aro wanted yonder,' anl he nodded towards the country where tho Zulu people lived. ' Let us be going to Dingiswayo ; the Umtetwa people will pro tect us.' ' Yes, lot us be going, my son,' said Un andi; 'but the way is long, we are weary and shall fall by the way.' I heard, and something pulled at my heart; I was sorry for the woman and the boy, they looked so tired. Then, without sayiug any thing to my mother, I snqtclujl the gourd atid ran with it to a little donga that tVas hard by) for I knew that there was a spring. Presently I came bick with the gourd full of water. My mother wanted to catcli me, for Bhe was very angry, but I ran past her and gave the gourd to the boy. Then my mother ceased trying to interfere, only she beat the woman with, her tongue all the while, saying that evil had come to our kra lis from her husband, and she felt in her heart that more evil would come upon us from her son. Her Elilose** told her so. Ah ! my father, her Ehlosc told her true. If tho woman Unandi and her child had died that day on the veldt, the gardens of my people would not now~ be a wilderness, and their bones would not lie in the great gully that is near U'Cetywayo's kraal. [ While my mother talked I and tho cow with tho white faco stood still and watched, and the baby Baleka cried aloud. Tho boy, Unandi's son. having taken the gourd, did not otter the wnter to hiB mother. He drank two thirds of it himself; I think he .would have drunk it all had nofc his thirst been slakod ; but when ho had dono he gave what * The Zulu Napoleon, 0110 of the greatest' geniuses and most wicked men who ever lived. He was killed in the year 1828, having slaught-' cred more than a million human beings.—Kn. tThis would have made him nearly a hundred years old, an age really attained by a native. The writer remembers ttlking to an aged Zulu ■woman, however, who told him that she was married ■when Chaka was king.—Ev. \+ The fidl Zulu regiment would number bat ween two and three thousand men'. Probably ilopo's tribe consisted of about nine thousand souls.—Ed. * "Guardian spirit.—En " v - : was loft te his mother, and she finished it. Then he took the gourd again, and cime for ward, holding it in 0110 hand ; in the other ho had a 3hort stick, ' What ia your name, boy 1' he siiidrto - me as a big rich man Bpeaks to one who ia little and pooft. . *- v 1 Mopo is my name,' I answered. ' And what ia the name of your people?' . .1 told.him the name-.of my tribe, the Lan-~ geni tribe. 4 r ; ■ v ■ v - >. i ''Very, well, Mopo ; /nowil - will1 tell-'you' -my name. -My nameia0h;ikn,-9on-of Sen zangnconai and my people nfla called the Amazttlu. Aiilj-iiowl, wiil teljyou some thing more, i am little to-day, and my people are a little people. But I shall grow big, bo big that my head will be lost in the clouds ; you will look up and you will not toe it. My faco will blind you ; it will bo bright liko the sun, and my people will crow big with me ; they shall eat up the whole world. And when I am big and my people are big, and wo have stamped the earth flat as far as men can travel, fciion I will remem ber your tribe—tho tribo of the Lantfenij who would not give mo utid my mother a cup of milk When'We ttofo weary. Vou see; this gollrd ; for every drop it will hold the blood of a man shall flow—tho blood of one of your men. But because you gaV6 tn6 the Hratet I will Spate you and yoli tiiiij'; atitl llitvko you undBr Hi6i YHli s)i.4ll gl'oti- fiit ill iny bhadow. You aloue I will never harm, how ever you sin against me ; that I swear. : But foti tbat'iwoman.' atid ihe^Bointed to my mother, ' let her make hasto and die, so ' that I dn not have to tench her what a long time d ath can take to como. I have spoken.1 And he ground his teeth and shook his stick towards us, : aty mother stood still awhile, Then sh« gasped out! 'Tho littie liar! Ho. speaks liko ti tlilUij dboS . Jiy i Tlitj cilif lows like a bull. I will teach him another note—the brot of an evil prophet And, putting down Bnleka, sho ran at the, boy. _ ■ Chaka stood quite still, till she was near ; then'suddenly ho-lifted tlio stick in his hand, andhitherao hard on the' head that she fell down. After that he laughed, turned) 'and went away with his ftlOtlieF. , , Theafej* my father) , wete the fitet ; words that t neara Ctrika speak, arid tiiey. vfcbfcb words of prophecy, and they came true.' The last words I heard him speak were .words of prophecy also; and I think that they will coinu true. Even now they are coming true. In the one he told how the Zulu people should rise. And say, have they not risen ? In tho . other lio told i Kow. they should fall | atid they j will. fail. Do not ihb'Wliltb ltleii gatlior themselves together even now, against II 'Cetywayo as vultures gather round a dying ox. Tho Zulus arts not what they were to stand against them. Yes, yes, they will come true, and mine is the soii^ of a people Lliat is doomed. ' But of these other words I will speak in tkeir place: 1 w.eiifc to my tnotliar. Presently she raised herself from the ground and sat Up with-her: hands oyor. her faco: The blood from the wound' the stick 1'iad made rati down her bunds on to her breast, and I wiped it away with grass. Slie sat for a long while thus, while the child cried, the cow lowed 10 be milked, and I wiped away the blood v.itli tho grass. At last she took' hor hands aivny and spoke to mo. 'Mopo, my Bbnl' she ^aid,:; ' I have dre.imed ft dl-e.-|lh, I,dre;lmud that I saw the 13()|' Qhdkfl wlib feti-Uek iiic j ho yfotrn like a giant. Ho «talkcd across tho moun tains and the veldt;'"'bus «y«s blant d like tho lightning, and in his hand he shook a little assegia that was red with blood. He caught up people after people in his h:\iids and tore them", ho stamped their kraals flat with his feet Befot-e him tm thogrefch of slimmer, otfltihd him the land was black as when tho fires have eaten the grass, i I saw our people Mopo j they were many and fat, their heurts laughed, tho men weru bfuve, the girls were fuli'l I counted their childt-eii by hundsetls. I siiw'thclirftgaini- jtbpo. They were bones ivliite bolieSi thotisttlld of honBa tUtnhled to gether iu a. rocky plate,. and he; Chaka; stood bver,tlie ,-bUrios., - iipd JaiigHod till tho earth snook: Mien; Mopo, 1 s;iw fioli grown a man. You alone were left of our people. You crept up behind the.giant Chaka, and with you came others, great men of a royal look.' ' You stabbed Iiirn with a littlo Rpeari unci lie fell doiva and grew small aj»iin; he fell down and prayed fcr mercy. But you Cried ih his ear a name—the name of. Baleka, j'our sister—and he died Let us go home, Mopo, let us go homo; tho duvkncBs falls. ; ■ So we turned and went home. But I held my pcace, for I was afraid, very much afraidi ' ' 6hap1;eR it: M6i*'6 is in TkoubLe. Stowi I must ibil tttttiriiijr MothSr iiid.fyhat' the Vioy ehaaa llild.told liei-; ilntl died (jliiGkiy. For.where liis stick had struck her on the forehead there came a sore that wpuld iiot be healed; and'in the sore greiv Hn abscess,' apd the,abacus ifctfc illft-uras till !t to the brlilh. Then my mother fell down and died, and I cried very much, for I loved her, and(it was dreadful'to see her. cold and istiff, with not a word to say Jiowever milch, I balled ,to her. Wellj thUy Biiiri^d.tiijr itiotlibi-, aiid siie Wits Boon forgstteni I only remembered her, nobody else did—not even Buleka, for she too little—and as for my father he took an other young wife, and wae content. After that I was very'unhappy, for my brothersdid not love me, because I was stronger and taller than they,-and had greater skill with the assegai, tnd was swifter ill rutuiiug ; so they poisoned the mind of my father against me and he treated me badly. But Buleka and I loved each other, for wa wore both lonelyj and she clung to me like a cfeejjef to the oiily tree iri.a (Mil', MVd t; tlioiigli I Was yoUug, lcarhed this ; that to be wise is to be stroni;, for though he who holds the assegai kills, yet ho whose mind directs the battle is greater .than he who kills. Now, I saw-that .tho witch-finders and' medicine- men were feared in the land, and that all people looked lip to them, so that, even when they had only ,-i stick in their hands, ten men armed ivii.li spears would fly before them; Therefore f determined thrtt 1 .tt-olild b>! it tvitcli-iloctor, for th<4> hIoHo can slay those they hate with a word. So I leirned the arts of the medicine men. I made sacrifices, I fasted in tho veldt alone, I did all those things of which you have heard, and I learned much ; for there is wisdom in our magic as well as lies—and yuu know it, my father, elso you had not come here to ask me of your lost oxen. So things went on till I was twenty years of age—a mail full grovn. By now I had learned ail I could learn of m^sSlf, tm I joined myself on to the chief medicine-man of oiir tribe; who was named Noma. He was old, had one-eyfe only, and was very clever. Of him I learned Btiriiu tricks, and more wisdom, but at lsst lie grew jealous of ttie and set a trap to catch me. As it chanced, a big man of a neighboring tribe had lost some cattle, and come with gifts to Noma praying him to smell them out. Noma tried and could not find them, hi3 vision failed him. Then the headman grow angry and demanded back his gifts ; but Noma would not give up that which he once had held, and hot words passed. The; headman said that lie would kill Noma j Noma said that he would bewitch the hcadtnftii. ' Peace,' I said, for I feared that blood would be shed. ' Peace, and let me see if my snake tell me where the cattle are ?' • 'You are nothing but' a boy,' answered the headman. ' Can a boy have wisdom V ' That shall soon be known,' I said, taking the bones in my h.wd. ' Leave the bones alone !' screamed Noma. ' \Yo will ask nothing more of our snakes for the good of this S' ;n of a dog.' ' He shall throw the bones,' answered the headman. ' If you try to stop him I will let sunshine through you with my assegai,' and he lifted his spear. Then I made hasto to begin ; I threw the bones. The headman sat on tho ground be fore me and answered my questions. You know of these matters, my father—how sometimes the witch-doctor has knowledge of where the lost things are, for our ears are long, and sometimes his EhloBO tells him, as but the other day it told me of your oxen. Well, in this case, my snake stood up. I knew nothing of the man's cattle, but my Spirit was with me and soon I saw them all, and told them to him one by one, their color, their age—everything. I told him, too, where they were, and how ono of them had fallen into a stream and lay there on its back drowned, with its forefoot caught in a forked root. As my Ehlose told me so I told the headman. Now, the man was much pleased, and said that if my sight was good, and he found the cattle, the gifts should be taken from Noma and given to me ; and he asked the people who were sitting round, of whom there were many, if this was not just. ' Yes, yes,' they said, it was just ,and they would seo that it teas done. But Noma sat still and looked at me evilly. He kilOtt that I had made a true divination, and ho was rery angry. It was a big matteT ; tho herd of cattlo wcro ' many, and if.tilt' tYere found where f had Baid, then all jiicii would liold iild the greater wizard. Now it was late, and the moon had not yet risen, therefore the headman said that he would sleep that night in out kraal, and at the first light would go with me to the spot where my snake said the cattle were. After that he went away. ■ I too went into my hut and lay down to' sleep. Huddenly 1 awoke, feoliw; a weight upon niy bteiiKti t tried, to start Up, out soliiiitliihij cold jitiektid rity tjiroat. I fell back again and looked. The dooi- of tlie hut was open, the moon lay low on the sky like a ball of 6m far away. I could see iftln-o6gh the door, and its light crept into the hut. It fell upon.,the faco ofJNomathe witch-doctor. He tfi»3 sertted across tiiej glaring at me with- his one (tyO, Itiid • iii his iittitd w«a a knife. It was that which I il.'td felt prifile my throat-. ! , 1 ' You whelp whom I have bred up to; tear me !' ho hissed into my ear,.you dared to divine where I failed, did you 1 Very well, now I will show you how I serve such puppies. First, I will piece through the roots of yotlr tongUoi So that you cannot sdiictiij thon I will cut jfqa to jjiedes sljwly, bit by bit, flna in the fjidiniug 1 will tell' the peoplo that the .spirits did it bi cause- you. lied. Next> I will take off your arms; and 1".™. Yes. vos. 1 will make v»u like a stick! Then I will' , And he began driving in the knife under my ohin.: , ' Mercy, my undo,' I said, for I was, .frightened, nnd the knife' hurt. '< ' Hnve mercy, and t will do wlmtovor you will!' ' Will you do this ?' he asked, still prick- ing me with the knife. 'Will you get up, go find the dog's cattle and drive them to a certain place, and them there ?' and he named a secret valley that was known to very few. ' If you do that, I will spare you and give you three of the cows. If you re fuse or'piny me false, then, by my father's spirit, I will find a way to frill you !' •• ' Certainly I will do it, my uncle,' I nn swured. ' Why did you not trust mo before? Had I ltllowtl that you wanted to keep , the cuttloj t wotfld .never have smelt, tlicm nut; I diilj' did so feariiirf lest yoij should lose! the p'esents.' , . , I . 'You are not so wicked as I thought,' he growled. 'Get up, then, and.do my bidding. lrou can be back liero two hours after dawn.' So I got up thinking all the while if I should try to spring on Jiim. But I was without, arms, and ho had the knife ; also, if, perchanoQj I had prevailed ;md killed him, it would have lieeii tliutlgKfc that I lm(l |tiur deretl him, and I should have tasted the assegai. So I made ahothor plan. 1 would no and find the cattlo in tllo valley whore I hadsmolt thorn out, but I would nothing tlicin to the secret hiding-place. No ; I would drive themstraighttothe kraal, find denounce N oma before the chief, my fntlipr, and ;all tho peuplth But I-was young inthose days, and did iiot itunfV rill the heart of, Noma. Ifc had not booh a witch-doctor till lie' gfb'if Old for nothing. Oh ! ho ' was evil !—ho was cunning a", a jackal, and fierce as a lion. He had planted me by him like a tree, but he meant to keep me clipped like a bush. Now I had grown tall and over-shadowed hiui, and thereforo he would root mo up. . I went to the corner of my hijt, Noma watching me all the while,and took a kerne and a small shield. Then I started through the moonlight. J'ill I was past the kraal I glided along quietly tiS it stirtdvw: After that, I began to run", singing'to myself/as i went, to. frighten away the ghosts, my father. For an hour I travelled swiftly, over plain, till 1 came to the hillside where the bush begun. Here it was very dark under the shude of the trees, and'I sang, louder than ever, At last I found the little Tiuftalo path I sought, aud turned along it. Presently I carno to an open place, where the moon light efejlt id bettfoeti tiid trees, I knelt' down and looked. Yes ! my snake had not lied to me ; there was the spoor of the cattle. I'lien i rtefli pit gl/idip till I teiiclied a dell through which the water ran' Softly; eoifie tMnes whisueniiftand sbqaetimes talking out aloitd, Hhro. tlie, trail of. tlie ci\ttle. was brood ; they had tirdlib'tf the ferns I with their feet and trampled tho gr«tf>'£ i'ut. Presently I came to a pool. I knew it—it ! was the pool my snake had shown me. j And there at the edge of tlie pool floated the diowned ox, its foot caught in a forked root. All was just as I had seen ifc. I stopped forward and looked round. My eye caught something ; It was the faint grey light of the dawn glinting on the cattle's horns. As I looked, one of them snorted, rose and shook the dew from its hide. He looked big as an elephant in the mist and twilight. Thtn I collected thferti all—there were sevimtecii—Sili*., dftire, thcfrl before me .down the narrow path back towards fclfe , itritrtl. Now the dayliglk canie f|uickly,\ancl the sun had been .up afi hour ivben I, reached the spot wiJb.b' I sMoiild tjlfri jf t wisliiid to /jide tho cattlo in the secf-et place; as r?o'iria ryid bjd me. But this I would not do: No, I would go on to the kraal with them; and tell ull men that Noma was a tliiof; Skill; I sat-down And rested awhile,' for I wan-tired. As I sat, I heard a noise, and looked up. There; over the slope of the rise, came a crowd of men, arid leading them was Noma, and by his side the headman who owned the cattlo. [ stood stilt, wondering ; but ns"I' stood, they ran towards me shouting and waving sticks and speara. . ; - 1 There ho is 1' screamed Noma. ' There he is !—the clever boy whom I have'brought up to bring shame on me. What did I tell TO ? Did I not toll you that ho Was a thief? Yes—$"bs I thnofryolir trifcka, Moptj( fiiy child ! See 1 he is stealing tho cattlo .' He knew where they were all the time, and wxr ho is taking them away to hide them. They would bo useful to buy a wife with, would they not, my clover boy ?' And lio made a rush at me, with his stick lifted, and after him came tho headman, grunting .with rage. I understood, my father. My heart went mad ill lilo, everything began to swim round, a red t-li.'th seemed to lift i.toelf up rfnd down before uiy( oyes. I have always seen ifc thus when I was forced to fight. I screamed out one word only, ' Liar !' and rushed to meet him. On came Noma. -He struck at me with his korrie, but I caught tho blow upon my little shield, aud hit back. Wow! I did hit! The skull of Noma met my kerrio, and down ho fell dead at my feet. I yelled again, and rushed on at the headman. He threw an assegai, but it missed me, and next socond I hit him too. He got up his shield, but I knocked It down upon his head, and over he rolled seliseldSfi, Whether ho lived or died I know not, my father; kut lib head being of the thickest, I think it likely that ho liVea? Then, while the people stood astonished, I turned and ran like the wind. They,turned too, and rrtli after me, throwing speara ntjiie and trying to cut me off. But none of them could catch me—no, not one. 1 irent like tho wind ; I wont like a Luck when the dogs wako it from sleep ; and presently the sound of their chasogrew fninter and fainter, till at last I was out of sight and alone.. CHAPTER III. ■ Mopo Ventures Home. I threw myself down on the grass and panted till my strength came back ; then I Went and hid in a patch of reeds down by a swamp. All day long I lay there thinking. What was 1 tu do ? Now I was' a jackal without a hole. If I went back to iny people,"* certainly they would kill mc, whom they thought a thief. My blood would be given for Noma's, and that I did not wish, though my heart was sad. Then there came into my mind the thought of Chaka, tho boy to whom I had given tho cup of water long ago. I had heard of him ; his name was known in the land ; alread tho air was big with it ; tlie very treos and grass spoke ifc. The,words ho had said and tho vision that ,my mother had seen were beginning to como true. By the help of the Uiiitetwas, he had taken tho place of his father Senzamjacona j ho had driven out the tribe of the Amaquabo ; now ho had made war on Zweote, chief of the Eudwande, and tho Endwande he had sworn ho would stamp flat, so that nobody could find them any more. Now I lemembered how this Chaka promised that he would make me groat, and that I should grow fat in his shadow ; and I thought in myself that I wonld arise and go to him. Perhaps ho would kill me ; well, what: did it mutter 1 Certainly I should be killed if I stayed here. Yes, I would go. But now my heart pulled another way. There was but one thing that I loved in tho world—it was my sister Baleka. My father had betrothed her to tho chief of a neighborii g tribe, but I know that this marriage was against her wish. Perhaps my sister would run away with mo if I could get near her to tell her that I was going, I would try—yes, T would try.■ I waited till the darkness came.down, then I rose from my bed of weeds and crept like n j'ifk/il towards 'the kraal. In the mealio gardeus I stopped awhile, for I was very hungry, and filled mysalf with the half-ripe mealie. Tlion I wont on til! 1 cams to the kraal. Sd.no of my people were seated out side of n hut, talking together over a fire. I ci ept hear, silently as a snake, aud hid behind a littlo bush;. 1 knett that they could not See Wo tfHtrftdo th.o ring of firelight, and I wanted to hoar \Vhiit tl they were talking of me and cftlfa'l ttis many names. They said that I should bring Ill luck on the tribe of having killed so great a witch-doctor as Noma, also that the people of tho headmen would demand payment for the nssatilt on him. I learned, moreover, rlmt my fritfier had otcietei all the men of the tribe out to hunt for ff;y oil the morrow and to kill me wherover thoy found fiife'; 'Ah!' I thought, 'you may hunt, but you will bring nothing homo to the pot.' Just then a dog tlmt was lyinjj-by the fire got up and began to sniff the air. I could'hot see what dog it tfiia—->n't!fe'odj I had fotgotfen all about the dogs when t dftiif fife/f* the ktnnl; that is whit comes of want of experience, ffljffther.- The dog sniffed and snifted,then hebegan tOgfofrl, looking always my way, and I grew afraid. • What is the dog growling at?' said one man to another. 'Go and see. But tho other man was taking snuff and did not like to rttoVe.' ' Let the dog go and see for him self,1 he fliiKered, sfifefesing; ' what is the good of keeping a dog if you have Id criteh the Miinf ? ' Go on. ihen.' said the first mall to the dog, and he ran forward, barking. Then I saw him ; it whs my own dog, Koos, a very good dog. Presently, as I lay not knowing what to do ho smelt my smell, stopped bark ing, and running round the bush he found mo nnd began lo lick my face. ' Bo quiet, Koos 1' I whispered to him, and ho lay down by my side, ' 'Where has that dog gone now 1' said the first in a ii. ' Is.lie bewitched, th^t he stops barking 3tidilkniy,arid does not .come* back ?' ' We \Vill avej' suit} the other,- rising, a spear in his hand. ■ Now, oneo morel was terribly rtfrrt'id/ fori thought that they would catch me, or T mist run tor iny life ngain. But as I sprang up to run, a big black snake glided between the meii and went off towards the huts. They Jumped aside in agreat fright, then all turned to follow the snake, saying that this was what tiie tlb'ff \Vns bafking at. That Wan my good Ehlose, my (uilitir; utiicjh without any doubt took the shape of a snake to sAi-C thy life. When they had gone I crept off4tIitf tftficr way, and Koos followed me. At first I thought that I would kill him, lest he should betray me ; but when I called him to me to knock him on the head with my kcrrie, he sat down on the ground and wagged his tail, aiid seemed to smile in my face, and I could not do it; So I thotu»hfc that 1 would fake mv chance, and we writ Mi together. This was my purpose : first to creep iItttt tnp y wii hut mid get my assegais ?nd a skin blanket,' then to gain speech with Baleka. My hut, I thought, would bo empty, for nobody slept there except myself, and the huts of Noma were some paces away to the right. I came to the reed fepce that surrounded the huts. NobVrly xiiia td ligation itt the gate, which wa3 not stiiil Vfitii tifo'fn^ fis usillih That was my duty, and f had ntft been th'ete to dp if. So, bidding the dog lie down . oritsrcJe, I stepped through bodily, came to thd ci'Jot til my hut, and listened. It was empty ; there was not even a breath to be heard. So I crept in and began to search for my assegai?, uiy water-gourd, and my wood pillow, which was so nicely carved that I did not like to leave it. Soon I found them. Then I felt abo'Ut for my skin rug, and as I did so my hand tOuciied sorafc'thing co{d; I started and felt again. It mis a man's, face—the fries r>[ a dead man, of Nciiii, whoiii ;I Had killed ftiva wi>0 had been laid in my Kil£ id atfiiit burial. Oh ! then . I iras frightened, tar Noma dead and in the dark was worse tluui Noma alive. I made ready to fly, when suddenly 1 heard the voices ol women talking outside the'door of the hut. I knew the voices; they wore those of Noma's two wives, and or.e of them said that she was coming in to watch by her husband's body. Now I was 111 a trap indood, for before I could do anything I saw the light go out of the hole in the hiif; and knetf by the sound of a fat woman puffing nS s!ia b'fint herself up that Noma's first wife «';« tionihii' tftrmigh it. Presently sh$ was in, and, squatting herself by Lift' sV'dfi' of the corpse in such a fashion that I could not jjtt- to the door, began to make lamentations and to.C'Sll down curscson me. Ah I she did not know triilt I was listening. I tor> squatted by Noma's liefld, and grow quick-witted in my fear. Now that the woman was there I was not so much afraid of the dead man, and I rome.nlcrod, ; too, thitt lie had been a great cheat; so I thought I rt'otild make him cheat for the last time. I placed my hands beneath his shoul dci| aiid piished him tip So that he sat upon the ^rdiinrJi The woman heard the noise, and made a sotiud ill hef tbfonfc, 'Will you not be quiet, you old hag7 I saw iU }? be. at peace,- evfiji Hart when I am dead f She heard, and; falling habfetfards in fear, dretf,in hfcr jbre'ath to Shriek aloud. ' What.jvill you also;dare to shriek ?' I said again in Nonla'S tnis6 j 'then I must teach you silence.' A#d I tum&Ictf; him 6'ier on , the top of her. j Then her senses left her, and whether she j ever found tliorn again I do not know. At least she grew quiet for that time. For me, I snatched up the rug—afterwards I found it was Noma's best kaross, made by Basutos of chosen cat-skins, and worth five oxen—and I fled followed by Koos. Now, the kraal of the chief, my father, Makedama, was two hundred paces away, and there I must go, for there Baleka slept. Also I dared not enter by the gate, because a man was al ways on guard there. So 'I cut my way through the reed fenoe with my assegai and crept to the hut where Baleka [ was with some of her half sisters. T knew what side of the hut it was her custom to lie, and where her head would bo. So I lay down i 011 my side and gently, very gently, began to bore a hole in the grass covering of the hut. It took a long while, for tho thatch was thick, , but at last I was nuarly through it. Then I stopped, for it came into my mind that Baleka might have changed her place and that {.should wake the wrong girl. Almost I gave it over, thinking that I would fly alone, when suddenly I heard a girl wake and begin to cry on the othor aide of the thatch. 'Ah,' I thought, 'that is Baloka, who weeps for her brother !' So I put my lips where the thatch was thinnest and whispered— ' Baleka, my sister J Baleka, do not weep ! I, Mopo, am here. Say not a word, but. rise. Come out of the hut, bringing your skin blanket.' Now, Baleka was very clever : she did not shriek, as most girls would have done. No ; she understood, and after waiting awhile, she rose and crept, from the hut,"her blanket in her hand. * ■ ' ' Why are you here?' she whispered, as we ! met. * Surely you will be killed !' ' Hush !' I said, and then I told her of the plan which I had made. ' Will you come with me ?' I said, whem I had done, 'or will you creep back into the hut and bid me ] farewell?' j She thought a while, then she said, 'No, my brother, I will como, for I love you alone aniong our people, though I believe that this i will be the end of it—that you will lead mo to my death.' I did not think much of her words at the time, but afterwards thoy came back to me. | So we slipped away together followed by the [ dog Koos, and soon wo were running over I : the veldt with our faces sot towards the I country of tho Zulu tribe. i (To be contimci).) Extjiaokdikauy Coincidence. — Among the stories of extraordinary coincidences (writes a London correspondent.) not tho least curious is tho history of a letter, for tho accuracy of which I can vouch. A short fimo ago a lady in London wished to write to a friend in America, whose address she did not know. Tho only means she had of pro curing the address was to write to a mutual friend', who also lived in America. This she accordingly did, and the letter was duly despatched. The ship which carried tho lettor was wrecked, and the mails for a time lost. They were eventually recovered and brought hack to England, the letters, now much damaged by sea-water, being returned through the doad-lotter office to tho senders. The letter in question was sent back to tho lady, who naturally examined it minutely. To lief surprise she found that another letter had become closely stuck to it. Holding up the twofold missive to tho light she deciphered tho address on tho one which was stuck to her own. it was a letter addressed to the friend to whom she had wished to writo, and to discover whose whereabouts her own letter had been de spatched. Her letter thua lUprally brought back its own answer. 