Charters Towers. May 28. There is but littlo to rocord this week, two days' holiday having intervened. A largo noction of tho community on Mon day visited tho ononmpmont' ground _ at Mooroasan Bridgo, hut oonBiderable disappoint- ment was exporienccd at having to poy full railway fares, although no announoemoht hod been given that thero would be oxoursion fares. Howovor, tho peoplo got thoro all tho samo. Tho holidays, of course, interfered with the Exclmngo operations, hut not with work at the mines. Tlio cold is oreoping in' slowly and surely, and to-day tho olonds tbroaton rain, in faot it has beon so ail tho week,'bat rain kopt away during tho holidays, and very light showers on ono other day. As slrowiug the short-handedness at tho local post office, mentioned in my frequent letters, tho southern mail arrived horo on Wednesday, and up to now (Saturday night) lost Friday's Week has not reached inc, although at 11.30 this morning I received one London and two Sydney papers. Now that the carriage of papers is paid for, and from this Hold a very largo number is posted, somo consideration might bo extended for toe publio convenience by having au additional latter-carrier and sorter. The oiroumstanoe nhov'ementioned, taking three days beforo nowspapers _ are dohvorod, shows tho necessity of additional help, whilo the non-dolivcry of too Week, if it wns posted, confirms it. Tlio amateur performance lately given hy tho Brilliant Oomcdy Company in aid of too building fund of tho new convent, yiWi te the latter £So, whioh has been gratefully acknowledged hy thoEov. Father Comerford. Tiio first Caledonian ball was quko a succors, The boxing match, Stovo O'Donnell to knock Dick Gard out in oight rounds, was. simply a fiasco. , Gard was praotioaily finished in the first round, but -managed to reach the third. Hu had not too ghost of a ohonco against O'Donnell. ' > Tho two dayB' holiday passed off woll, and considering tho population, tho complete order maintained was astonishing. - A "drunk" was 'ho exception. Two days' racing at tho Quoon's Dirthday meeting was a big order successfully uocom- plished in overy particular. The faot that £0,880 went tlirough the totalisator shows thero is still oorn in Egypt. Dint amount would bavo been largely supplomontod hut for too absenoe of men at tho ouoampment on too first day, and tho hundreds of visitors witnessing tho military operations at Mnorossan Bridgo, and too 10 per oont to too olub amounted to tho prizes givon. Racing matters at Charters Towers nro ovidently carried on offlciontly, and tho club's committee consists of tho right men in tho right, placo, devotod to straight sportB. Horses up thiR way aro fully up to tho mark, as I note, that in the Eiohmond Ifill Handicap, 7 furlongs, ton roco was run in 1 min, 32 sees., whilo too Sires' Produce moo nt Brisbane), also 7\. furlonga, occupied 1 min. 37 soos. Tlio 1- rriilo May Stakos was run lioro in 1 min. 47J eocH , and tho Clovoland Plato nt Brisbane in only half-a-ininute less time. Again, 0 furlonga woro run within 4 sooa. of too Brisbane and Sydnoy horses. Hurvcstor, owned by Mr. Hanran, took too big money on both days. A now local hand wns in attondanoo at tlio rseo- course, whioh was a great' attraction. Tho woathor, although oloudy on Thursday, was most propitious, and thero woro large attend- annos on both days, : Tho annual pionlo commemorating tho anni- vorsary of tho ' Primitive' Methodist Sunday sohool took plno'o '.at Mosmnn's paddook on Tuesday, , whon a largo numbor of ojiildron and frlbnds spent - a r njORt enjoyablo day.- The Salvation Army , Band- attended, 'adding con siderably to - too -ancocss of tho - mitlug. On Wednesday ovening a publio lncoting wm hold in tiio oliu'roh, Mr. J. MiUioon presiding. In nddreasing tlio meeting Mr. Milficiin, amongst othor matters, alluded to too growing youths, from 14 to 17 years old. on (hie -field having nothing to do, thoro "oxisting a projudloo to their employment in tho mines. ' 