THE CITY VAGRANTS. A POLICE SWOOP , A CATCHIN6 A CRIMINAL COLONY. By tho apprehension of a batch of power ful young men too lazy to work, and imbued with criminal tastes snd desires, the police hope to ebortcu the daily list of crimes reported to the Authorities as ha vine been committed in thoso portions of the city with disreputable reputation. There wero 10 men and women, all more or ltsssropulaivt looking, in tho City Court to-day, charged with vagrancy. Constables M'Evillv, Toole audM'Donnell, told talcs of tho mia-dceds of the whole ot them. Ono oi thorn, a fellow of thick build, and forbidding aspect, named Cavangh— n man who hopped alrout on a crutch— was characterised t>y Toole m uoo of the most dangerous men about Littlo Bourke street. Ho and another man felled a countryman in a lane off that itreot a nteht or two aeo aud robbed him. The man from tho boah declined to prosecute. As a coadjutor in this pleaaant mode of earning a livelihood he hod fellow prisoner named Tborgan, who endeavored to mako out, by cross- examining a constable, thst the buabman - had nccn overcome by the exertions of walking about tho cltyj that ho had fainted, and he.antl the lame man hod been doing nothing more nor loss than acting the part of tho Good Samaritan towards him. The cooaiable's reply was that people friendly disposed did nos as a rule dive thoir hands into a stranger's pockets and transfer tho unknown man's purse into thoir own rapacious recep tacles for stolen property. Tho reply caused the cross-examiner to collapse. Various excuses were given by the lot, but all wore very tame. Ono asked to to given another " ohsroce," bat Mr Fanton, F.M., said that the only " chance " to give him would be to lock him up for life. As it was, he was sent to gaol for 12 months. / Another, who describod himself as Harry St. Clair, a song and danee artist, suffering from depressed timea, was givoa an engage- -meat-fcr three months with the- variety hew " where the ghost walks not. ' Csllagbsn, the men with a crutch," as tho police term him, was discharged, aa ho bod ouly recently oome out of gaol. Tho others were each sentenced to three months' imprisonment. 