IIthe white she-wolf. By Giuiert C.\:.n iu.LL. “ Quito well, dear papa," answered tlio child; but where is the lino white wolf-skin tlmt you remised mo.” “ Vour father did not find her," answered nvina, with a little laugh ; “ tho white wolf is not so easy to catch ns he fancied.” Alexis had moved a few Btep3 nearer to the iy, and was listening with grave attention to very word alio uttered. Are white wolves so dillicult to kill, then ?" ked lie. “ It seems bo, my little man,” returned the ,iv, " since your father and all the serfs of oj-tojiehin were unable to do so.” “I have got a pistol that good old Michal is taught mo to tire, and I am sure I could 11 her if ever I got a sight of her,” observed Alexis, boldly. There's a bravo hoy,” returned Ravina 'with one of her shrill laughs ; “and now, wou’t come and sit on my knee, for 1 am very jf.ind of little boys No, I don't like you," answered Alexis, after a moment's consideration, “for Michal Go to your room, you insolent young brat," broke in his father, in a voice of thunder; “you spend eo much of your time with Michal and the serfs that you have learned all their boorisli habits." Two tiny tears rolled down tho hoy’s cheeks as in obedience to bis father’s orders he turned a In wit and quitted tho room, while Kavina darted a strange look of dislike after him. As soon, however, as the door had closed, tho fair woman addressed Katrina. •• Well, perhaps you will not bo eo unkind to me ns your brother," said she ; “ erne to me,” and as sho spoke she held out her arms. Tlio little girl came to her without hesitation, and began to amootho tho silken tresses •| which were coiled and wreathed around Ruvina’s Ji head. “ l’retty, pretty,” she murmured ; ” beauti ful lady.” “ You see, Faul Sergevitch, that your little daughter has taken to me at once,” remarked “ .She has taken to you in a most wonderful manner,’' remarked Paul, with a pleased smile; “you liavo quite obtained possession of licr •• X-t yet, whatover I may do later on,” nn rwered tho woman, with her strange, cold Presently, tho child grew tired of her new cquaintance, and sliding down from her knee, crept from the room in search of her brother Alexis. Paul and Kavina remained silent for a few moments, and then tho woman broke the ” All that remains for mo now, Paul Serge vitch, is to trespass on your hospitality, and to ask you to lend me some disguise, and assist me • gain the nearest pist-iown, which, I think s Vitroski.” “ And why should you wish to leave this at ill i ’ demanded Paul, a deep Hush rising to his cheek ; “ you are perfectly safe in my house, aid if you attempt to leave Kostopchin, you will inevitably fall into tho hands of tho t »lice.” “ And Paul Sergevitch will tell them whetc they c.u find me Y” questioned Kavina, with an ironical inflection in the tone of her voice. “ I never thought—that is-” stammered •• X->, you never i Knight that I could read . i ti to plainly.” pm sued the woman, pitilessly : •' hut it is the truth that 1 have told you, and .tier titan remain an inmate o' your house, I would leave it, oven if ail the police of Russia :to,,d ready to arrest me on its very thres hold.” “ S'ay, Ravina,” exclaimed Paul, ns the u-in.in made a step towuids tie: door ; I do not ■ iy whether your reading of my thoughts is r.giii «r wrong, but before you leave, listen to me. I till you plainly that from the first mi ni- nt that I Bet eyes on you, a strange new feeling has risen up in my hc.'.zt—not the cold thing that society calls love, hut a burning, resistless Hood which Hows down like molten lava from the volcano's crater. Stay Ravina, ■ my wife—you are safe enough from all pur •• And does Paul Sergevitch actually mean to .•Her hia hand to a woman whose name ho does m.t even know, and of whoso feelings toward iiiin he is entirely ignorant ?” naked the woman, with her customary mocking laugh. “ What do I earo for muno or birth ?” re turned he, hotly ; “I have enough for both, mhI a-: for love, my passion would soon kindle t ■me sparks of it in your breast, cold and frozen as it may now be.” “Let me think a little," said Ravina, and, throwing herself into an arm chair, she buried lur face in her hands and seemed plunged in deep, iitlection : “ listen,” she said, at last ; “I have thought over your proposal seriously, and, upon certain conditions, I will consent to be come vetir wife. At the present moment, I lin e no inclination for you, but, on the other hand. I feel no repugnance for you. 1 wfil re main !;• re a month, and during that time I will main in a suite of apartments which you will have prepared for me. Every evening I will visit you her- fur two hours, and upon your making yourself agreeable, my ultimate decision will depend.” •’ And Buppo;c that decision should be an un favorable one i" asked Paul. •■ Then." ausnered Ravina, with a ringing laugh, “ I shall, as you s.av, leave this and take vuur heart with me." “ These are hard conditions," remarked Paul : “ why not shorten the time of proba •• Mv conditions are unalterable,” answered Ravina. with a little stamp of the foot p “ do y.-a agree to them or not ?" •• I t.ive no alternative,” answered he, sul 1' J:1V. 'i'he dav.-i slipped slowly and wearily away, i ut K.iviua showed no signs of relenting. rv evening, according to her bond sho spent t-a,, hours with Paul and made herself most a.re-cable, listening to his far-fet/chcd compli ne..ms and asseverations of love and tenderness ,-her with a cold smiio or with one of her m eking laughs. -She refused to allow Paul to i:<11 l.cr in her own apartments, and the only inn ti ler she permitted there, have tho servants •a,i. little Katrina, who lud taken a strange fanev to the fair woman. Alexis, on tho con trary, avoided im r a^ much ns lie possibly could .wi the pair hardly ever met. M-.uivvidle. curious rumors began to bo circu late 1 regarding tho strange proceedings of tho la-iv wlm occupied tho suite of apartments m Inch had formerly belonged to the wife of tho ""■ ner of Kostopchin. Tho servants declared that the food s-nt up, though hacked about and cm up, was nov-.-r tasted, but that the raw meat in t:i" larder was frequently missing. Strange v unds were often heard to issue from tho r ms as the pmic-strdelicti serfs hurried I' lf the corridor upon which tho doors opened, an i di-.oil-.-rs in thu house wero frequently dis turbed by the bowlings of wolves, the footprints "t a Inch were distinctly visible tho next morn in..', ami, curiously enough, invariably in tho gardens facing tho wc3t sido of tho houso in »;reh til- lady dwelt. L’tt !e Alexis, who found no encouragement to Sit with ids father, was naturally thrown a groat deal among thu serfs, and heard tho subject dis cussed with many exaggerations. Ono of his most treasured possessions was on old brass in uuled cavalry pistol, a present from Michal; thin he had learned to load, and by using both hands to the cumbrous weapon, could contrive t<> lire it off, as many an ill-Btarred sparrow could attest. With hia mind constantly dwel ling upon tho terrible tales ho had so greedily listened to, the pistol became his daily compan ion, whether he was wandering along thti, corridors of the houso or wandering through the Mjlected ehrubberiee of tlie garden. For a fortnight matters went on ii tins manner, Paul becoming more and more in fatuated by the charms of this strange woman. To satisfy a whim of hers, lie lmd even dis missed old Miclial fiom his ofiiec ami forbidden hint to approach tile house. l!nt the faithful old servant, whoso love for til.' children was stronger than his fear of punishment, took to wander at night about tlie exterior of th white hom e, urged on by some feeling for winch he could in no wise account. Cue evening, S3 JLchal was making his accustomed tour of inspection, the wail of a child struck upon his car. lie bout down bis head and eagerly listened : again lie beard the faint sounds, and in them lie recognised the accents of littlo Katrina. Hurrying up to one of the ground tloor windows in Kavina s apartment, from which a dim light streamed, ho pressed his face against tho pano and looked steadily in. A horrible sight presented itself to bis ga.ee. F>y the faint light of a shaded lamp, he saw Katrina stretched upon the ground ; but her wailing had now ceased, for a shawl had Keen tied across her little mouth. Over her was bending a hideous shnpe, which seemed to he clothed in some white and shaggy covering. Katrina lay peifectly motionless, and tho hands of tho figuro were engaged in hastily removing tho garments from the child's breast. Tile task was soon effected ; then there was a bright gleam of steel, and tho head of the tiling bent closely down to tho child's bosom. With a yell of apprehension, the old man dashed in the window-frame, and, drawitig the cross from his breast sprang boldly into the Tho creature sprang to its feet, and, the white fur-cloak falling from its head and shoulders, disclosed tho pallid features of Kavina, a shoit, broad knife in her hand, and the lip3 discolored with blood. “ Vile sorceres!” cried Michul, dashing for ward ami raising Katrina in his arms ; “ what hellish work arc you about ?" Haviiia's eyes gleaimd fiercely upon the old man, who bad interfered betw een her and her prey. She raised her dagger and was about to pring upon him when bIic caught sight of the cross in his extended hand With a low cry she dropped tho knife and staggered back. Michal paid but little heed to her, for ho was busily engaged in examining the fainting child, whose head was resting helplessly on his shoulder. There was a wound over the left breast from which tho blood was flowing; but tho injury appeared slight, and not likely to prove fatal. As soon as ho had satisfied himself on this point, ho turned to tho woman, who was crouching beforo the cross as a wild beast shrinks away before tho whip of his tamer. “ 1 am going to remove tho child,” said he slowly, “dare to mention a word of what I have done or whither she has gone, and I will arouso the village. Do you know what will happen then? Why every peasant in tho place will hurry here with a ligh'ed brand in his band to consume this accursed house and the unnatural dwellers in it. Keep silence, and I leave you to your unhallowed work. I will tin longer seek to preserve Paul Sorgovitch who lias given himself over to the powers of darkness by taking a demon to his bosom." Kavina listened to him as if she had scirccly comprehended him ; but, as tha old man re treated to the window with bis helpless tmrden, she followed him, step by step; and as lie turned to cast one glance at the shattered window, he saw tho woman's pale faco ami blood-stained bps glued against an unbrokeu pane, with a wild" look of unsatisfied appetite in her Next morning tho house of Koatopchiu was tilled with terror and emprise, for Katrina, the idol of her father's heatt, had disappeared, and n > signs of her could be discovered. livery eibwt was made : the woods and fields in the neighbourhood were thoroughly searched ; but it was at lah concluded that lobbei s had carried olf tho child for tho sake of the ran som tint they might bo able to extract from tho father. The day upon which ail search had ceased Kavina glided into the room where she knew that she would find Paul awaiting her. She was fully an hour b tore her usual time, and the Lord of Kostopchin started to ins leet in sur “ You are surprised to see me,” said she ; *• but I have only come to pay you a visit for a few minutes. I am convinced that you love me, a ml could 1 but relieve a few of the objec tions that my heart continues to raise, I might . be yours.” “ Tell me what tlieso scruples are,” cried Paul, springing toward her, and seizing her hands in his ; •• and lie sure that I will find means to overcome them.” “ Listen,” said she, as sho withdrew her hand. “ 1 will take two more hours for consi deration. Ky that time the whole of the house of Kostopchin will be cradled in slumber ; then meet me at tho old sun dial noar the yew-tree, at the bottom of the garden and I will give you my reply.” “ But why not come back here ?” urged he ; ” there is a hard frost to-night and— ’ “ Are you so cold n lover,” broke in Kavina, with her accustomed laugh, “ to dread tho changes of the weather ? Put nut another word; I have spoken." She glided from the room, but uttered a low cry of rage. Sho almost fell over Alexis in tho corridor. Why is that brat not in bed 1” slio cried, ■‘Go to your room, boy,” exclaimed the father, harshly, and tho child then slunk Paul Sorgovitch paced up and down the room for tho two hours that ho had to pass before tho hour of meoting. His heart was very heavy, and a vaguo feeling of disquietude began to creep over him. Twenty times ho made up his mind not to keep his appointment, and as often the fascinations of tho fair woman com polled him to rescind his resolution. >*uw and again he glanced nt the cluck, and at last its deep metallic sound, as it struck tho quarter, warned hint that he had littlo time to lose, if he intended to keep his appointment. Throwing on a heavily furred coat and pul ling a travelling-cap down over his ears, he opened a side door and sallied out into the grounds. The dark shapo of the yew-tree soon rose up beforo him, and in another moment ho stood beside its dusky boughs. The old gray sun dial stood only a few pacts olf, and by its side was standing a slender figure, wrapped in a white, lleccy-looking cloak. It was perfectly motionless, and again a thrill of undefined dread passed through every nerve and muscle of Paul Serge vitch's body. “Kavina!” said lie, in faltering accents. “Ravina!” “ Did you take mo for a ghost i answered tho fair woman, with her shrill laugh ; “no, no, I have not como to that yet. Well. Paul Sergevitch, 1 have come to givo you my answer; aro you anxious about it 1” “ liow can you ask mo such a question !' returned he; “do not keep mo any longer in suspense. Ib it‘yes,'or‘no ? “ Paul gurgcvitch," answered tho strnngo woman, coming up to him and laying her hands upon his shoulders and fixing her eyes upon his with that straugo expression beforo which ho always quailed; “do you really lovo me, Paul Sergevitch V asked she. ** Lovo you P repeated tho Lord of hos t op chin; “ have I not told you a thousand times how much my whole soul flows out toward you, how I only live and breathe in your pre sence, and how death at your feet would be more welcome than life without you . “Peoplo often talk of death, and yet littlo know how near it is to them,” answcred_ tho fair lady, a grim smile appearing upon her face; • < but tell we, do you givo mo your whole il°“All I have is yours, Ravina,” returned Paul; “ name, wealth, and tho dovoted love of II “fJlut your heart,” persisted she ; “ it is your heart that I want; tell mo, Paul, that it is mine and mino only.” . .» •' Yes, »y heart is yours, dearest Ravina, answered Pam, endeavouring to vtirl.se ;:•« fair form in his impuisim r>i gr.u.p ; i■••• -.h •. glided from iiim, ami tlom, wish a quick inmisd, sprang ujioli 1)11)1 ami "Ian <1 in Ida f.icn with a look' that was absolutely appalling. 11.t eyes gleamed with a hind lire, her iipi worn drawn back, showing her ahirp, white truth, while i her breath came in .sharp, quick "asps. “ 1 am hungry,” she murmured, “ oh, :o hur.giy; hut now, Paul Sergovitc’ii, vour heart Her movement was so sudden and unex pected that ho stumbled ami fed! heavily to tiio ground, llie fair ivomau clinging to him and falling ujion Ida breast. Tt was then that the full horror of his posit’n n came upon Paul .Sergoviti'h, and lie s av his fa*e clearly before him, hut a terrible numbness prevented him from muni; his hands to free liimaeif from tie1 iiideou; einhraco which was paralysing alibis muscles. The face that was glaring into his seemed to be undergoing rome fearful change, and the fiatures to be losing their semblance of humanity. With a sudden, quick mow ment, sho tore open Ilia garments, and in another moment she had poifoi ited ids left brum wall a glius'ly wound and turnout his licart, She heeded not tiio convtil.-ivu strugglei) which agitated tho dying form of the bold of Kostop chio, nor a diiiiinntive form approaching, shel tering ilself behind every tree and bush until it bad arrived to v. ithin ten paces of the scene of tho terrible tragedy. Then the moonbeams glistened up in tins long shining barrel of a pistol, which a hoy was levelling with both hands at tile murdere. s. i,['iick and sharp rang out tho report, and with a wild shriek, in which there w,i3 something beast like, Uavina leaped from the body of the dead man and staggered away to a thick clump of bushes Borne ten paces distant. Tho boy Alexia tiad beard the appointment ] 'hat hail been made, and dogged bis father’s j footsteps to tho trysting-place. After tiring tho i fatal shot, liia courage deserted him, and lie lied ; back to tho house, uttering loud shrieks for j help. The startled servants were soon in the j presence of their slaughtered master, but aid was of no avail, for tho Lord of K'-stoprliiu I bad passed away. With fear and trembling, j the superstitious peasants searched tho clump . of bushes, and started back in horror a3 they j perceived a lingo whito wolf, lying stark and j dead, with a human heart clasped between its i fore-paws. j 