SCIENCE AND RELIGION, The following papor was read beforo the "Friends in Council" at St. Mary's, Wo odcud,9th February, , by tbe Rev. Arthur Cresswell,1 M.A. . A plausible , objection to tho truth 'of tho Divino inspiration of Holy Scripture is some- times mculo by sceptics on the ground of its apparent ignorance of the faots brought to light by raodern science. Why is it, : they ask, that iii a book' claiming Divine inspiration -there- is so much theology and so little ' science, suoh a varioty of information on moral aud spiritual .matters, and yet nothing told us about any of thoso useful faots and discovcrios'of modern soience, a knowledge of which is now thought an essential part of a liberal eduoation, and is so closoly woven into the fabrio of modern sooioty ? Why is it, ask tbo sceptics, if the Bible boa Divine revelation, that wearb not informed that it is not tbe :sun . thnt moves round the earth, but that it is tbe earth that moves round the sun ? Why have we no direotions as to the most likely plaoes to bore in the earth's strata for ooal or goldf Again,' why have we no hint of buqU useful agendo as steam or olectricity, .and of the various purposos to whioh they might bo applied, or why'liavo we boen loft to find out for oursolves such a praotical invention as that of printing, or by slow degrees to improve on that' very rude and primitive style i'of naviga tion of whioh we havo an account in the record of St. Raul's shipwreck? ' Thebb may seem foolish questions, but all I can say ia that- 1 have actually been asked such questions myself. Let it bo the' endeavor of' this popdr to give a brief answer to these cavils,- and so to vindicate tho ways of God to men that theV.wiadom of His silence in the Biblc oil such matters may be' justified of all His children. Let me begin by taking exception to the broad allegation that Holy Soripture is apparently ; ignorant of nny of the faots brought to light by modern science, for though it is' by no means the .purpose of Scripture to give us. a revelation in' regard to (natters of physical soience as such, but to instruot us in the knowledge of .God and roltgion, still, whon- in -course of< teaching us about . Divine things it incidentally touchea on tho domain of sciance, or fetches illustrations from, natural phenomena, it often showsadopth; of insight that anticipates some of the most glorious truths of modern reaoarcln Take, for instance, tiier ecordof the Creation.. on its very first page. Now the object of /this sublime narrative in Genesis is not to gratify men's curiosity about the ways and moans aud pro-, cesses of the Divine working, but to teach us. in popular language that God Almighty made tho universe, the world, and all tlio living beings that dwell on it, ourselves inohulcd, to tench us that it did not coino into being through tho V fortuitous j concourse of atoms," as some of the old lioathen philosophers thought, nor that it was' evolved through the mere mechanical working of natural causos, as some of our modern scientists have | dreamed ; but that God Almighty made it. Still in teaching this lo>non it lias Anticipated some of the most remarkable dUooyenes of geo logy which go to show that on the great scale thore lias been a progress in the introduction of living beings upon the earth, and that the order of the appearance of plants and animals, as unfolded in the rocks, is the samo as that whioh .Genesis reveals. Again, in regard to thoscieuco of astronomy, although tbe Bible is in a general way perfectly content to use the common lan guage of men all ovor the world, and which up to this day is used in tho Nnutioal Almanac, aiid ao to speak of sunrise and sunset, as if it :were tho sun that moved, nnd not the earth ; still, when it desires to fetch an illustration of the oeaeless care of the Creator in uphold ing the world in its plaoe, the language of inspiration gives us a remarkable antici pation of the discoveries of Copernicus, Kepler, and Newton, for in Job xxvi. we read ot the Almighty that "He stretchcth the north over the empty space and hnngoth the earth upon nothing.". Again, when another illustration is to be given to show the ceaseless operation of God's works on earth aud in heaven, the Inspir- ' lug Spirit gives us a'wonderful foreshadowing of the modern discovery of aerial and aqueous cir culation, for in Kcclesiastes i. wo read—" The wind goeth towards the south ahdturneth about unto the north ; it whirleth about continually, and the wind rcturnoth again according to His circuit. All the rivers run into the sea, yet the sea is not full unto the place from.whenco the rivers come thither they return again." These few examples will suffice to convince us that whilst it h no part of the object of Holy Scrip ture to teach science as . such but religion, still, whon to onforcc its spiritual lessons it. takos .-ocoasion. tp allude incidentally -to the. pheno mena of nature by way of illustration or other- wise, the language of inspiration often soars above and sweep's bey ond, all possible knowledge of men in Hint age of the world's history, and -shows an insight that is anticipatory of some of .the. most glorious disolosures-of modem science. Still,- wo must be free to confess that on all ordinary occasions, as is patent to every reader of the Bible, its allusions to natural things are made, not in the Ianguago of Bcientifio prcoision, but in the language.of every day life, and that tho writors of Holy Scripture, except where they allude to the facts of soience for an.expres.-i theological purpose, as in the instances just now given,, wore not so inspired/tas to be above the level of the soience of th'e-age in whioh they lived in things relating to natural phenomena, and so speak of them in the ordinary terms of popular speech. But as forhe idea that there is any real colli9iou between Scripture . and science, it is not to bo entertained for a moment.,. The thing is impossible, for they run on totally: different lines. And now, in answer to the question why this should bo, and why those who wrote under Divine inspiration should utterly ignore and appear to be ignorant of many of those interesting disooveries of physical and experi mental scionoe which are the especial glory of our days, 1. Let us remember that man does not need a revelation from God to givo him a knowledge of the faots of soienoe, for as the whole history of the world has .shown he is quite capable,, however slowly, of gradually discovering all these things himself, and it is quite contrary to reason and sound doctrine to suppose the Almighty would be likely to give us any supernatural information about things wo have ample faculties to find out for ourselves. Now the case is very different in things moral and spiritual, heroin tho defection of our nature 'is so ovidont that we have no difficulty in seeing that men in their natural state aro not only " very far gone from original righteousness and are of thoir own nature inolinod to evil," but thoy may also be deaeribed in the language of St. Pau as M having the understanding dark ened, being alienated from the lifo of God through the ignorance that i» in them, because of- the blindness of their hearts," and the truth of all this is a matter of common ' observation, for is it not notorious what utter fools men who are otherwiso intelligent aud olover make of themselves in religion without Divino guidance? Indeed it often happens that men who can see with tho vision of an eagle in refoienoe to worldly things seem absolutely blind in regard to spiritual things. "Witness' for instance the attitude- of the chief priests and Pharisees towards our Saviour Christ and His gospel, and especially that of St. Paul in his former state of unenlightenment, or witness outside the sphere of Holy Soripture the folly of Bueh highly cul tured races as the Greeks and Romans of ancient days in bowing down to idols of wood and stone, N and the Infatuation- of so many edu cated mon and women of our own day in being carriod away with tho lying delusions of spiritism and theosophy : or, again, the fatuity that some of tho most brilliant of modern scientists often show when they go outside their propor border and venture to prate to tho world about religion. As, thon, man needs a Divine revelation to enlighten his understanding in the things of religion, so 1ms it been given him in tho scriptmes of truth, and, as he doos not need- it in matters of soience, so it appears to have boen, withheld from him 2 Furthermore, a little refiection, I think, will at once convince us that If in tho Bible a beginning bad onca been made In the direction of revealing the faets of modern I soience, as suoh, thon, in order to make the . revelation of any real uso, and anything olse i than a stumbling block to the people It was first given to, thero must have been no end to it. Such a revelation once broached must necessarily have gone right through all the ologics, it must have gone on to unfold all the branches of ex perimental science or none. Supposing, for instance the Bible, or so muoh of it as was written at the time, when speaking to our ancestors of the first few thousand years of the world's history about the sun, instead of using p'opular language and spcuking about sunrise and sunspt, had taken pains to give an elaborate explanation of the relation between the sun and Mho earth, and had formally stated that it was the earth that moved round the sun, and not the sun round tho earth; and' supposing the revelation had stopped at that point without ' telling them how to make telescopes and other astronomical instruments to verify the fruth of what was told them, so. far from the informa tion being a help to them, would it not rather havo been a complete stumbling block to their faith in receiving the revelation as tho word of God at all? For would it not have seemed to bo a palpublo contradiction to the ovidcnceof their senses? Or stating tho difficulty of such a partial revelation in another way.- Supposing the revelation had gono on so far as to disclosu the mystery of tho steam engine, but had stopped short at the tele graph, would not the generation. that dlseovcred the telegraph have turned round, and said in the nrido of their hearts that tho Bible could not be trun, for its science only went bo far lis the. steam engine, and ao also would not a similar difficulty. havo occurred. if- tbe telephone had only been mado known, and not the micro phone? In short, a very littlo considciation . must convinoe us tlmt, if the Bible had onoo begun to teach physical science of any kind as such, there could havo been no help for it ; but that it should go through the whole encyclo pedia of human knowledge and leave no scientific truth untold. 3. Again, supposing, fortbe sake of argument, :that such had been the case, and that the Bible, instead of being what it is, tho Book of Faith and morals, had also been a revelation of all the artB and sciences, of what ponderous tomes must it have consisted ? AVhy the Bible as we have it now would only have seemed like a small and in- significant preface, or rather appendix, to it. Let. us consider then what would have been the effect on tho minds of mankind to have tho bulk of a divino revelation taken up with matter. of secular science, and only a small proportion of it devoted to tho great subject of religion, would it not havo pioducerl an utter coufusion in men's minds as to tho rolativo importance of those two subjects? Wo all -know how strong a natural tendency men have to . think far more of the things of time and sense than of the things of eternity, and how apt they aro to be wholly uhsorbed by such questions as "What shall wo eat, what shall we "drink, or wherewithal shall we bo clothed ?" If, then, the Bible had occupied itsolf in giving sot aud formul instruction in tho arts and science of, everyday lifo, Buch as liavo been sup- posod, would it uot havo helped forward this evil tendency ten thousand fold? Is it not cer tain that tho prevailing impression on the human mind wouJd liavo been that of tho "kingdom of God, if not meat and drink" is, as too many oven now seem to think it to bo gas and " guupowdcr, printing and photo graphy, steam engines and telegraphs, instead of boing as it truly is, 44 Righteousness nnd peace and joy in the Holy Ghost." Whereas as it is, the Bihie, by its silence on nil these amenities, which arc tho results of modern dis covery, proclaims as eloquently as by its speech, " Seek yb first the kingdom of God and His righteousness," &a;, Ao. 4. Onco more, carrying out the supposition still further, and supposing that instcud of leaving man tho wherewithal to stimulate his ouriosity, to exercise his faculties upon, in the invention of all these things for himself, nnd in subduing nature to bo tho slnvo of his wants. If instead of this the Almighty had made him a present of ail the results of modern discovery in advance, and that in the infancy of the development of the human raco, bofore they were able to bear it— that is to say, beforo they had acquired the self-restraint and respect for the lifo and property of others, which the necessarily . slow and gradual advance of religion and civilisation alone could givo them. Would not tho effect, bo far from boing bene ficial, liavo been most disastrous. "Knowledge l power," it is true, but then it is a power for evil as well ns for good, and such knowledge ns wo are supposing, in the possession of men who had as yet hardly learnt the elements of com- mon morality would surely .have. been an un mitigated evil. It would havo been " a curse and not a blessing." We are nil aware that even in those modern days, when knowledge of this kind as well as of others, has so much 44 in- oreesed" among us, the possession of it is not altogether an unmixed good, even under the light of Christianity and civilisation, and tho wholesome restraints that they impoao.- Tho case of Russia, to wit, 'where the Nihilists having succeeded in blowing up one Emperor, .have ever since been doing their level best with all tho engineering skill they can command to destroy their present Emperor, liappilv as yet without success. Or take the cae of Great Britain and Ireland where the Fenians and Socialists have for many,, years past been spend ing all their money and ingenuity in trying to . blow up.public buildings and men, both in Lou- don and in Dublin, in the most scientific manner possible, and with the most approved of modern explosives. Or, not to.singlo out examples from among tlio specially, vicious in cither of those countries. What shall we say to the present condition of Europe at large? and / that amongst the most virtuous and Christian of men. Has it uot presented tho appearance for many a year past, of two or more armed camps, viuing with one another in the improvements of . all . the means and appliances of wholesale destruction — needle guns, mitrailleuses, Arm strong guns, armor plated ships nnd torpedoes, and oll this undor tho full blazo of Christian civilisation. If thoy do theso things in a green .tree, what would .they not have done in a dry? If mtuvunder tho wholesome restraints of tho gospel of peace and love seem to value the dis coveries of modern 3cience, chiefly by the readi ness with which they can be applied to purposes ot mutual destruction, what would not men have done with all tho knowledge and appliances wo now have, if they had lmd them in tho first millennia of the world's history, during thatdark night of wickedness that brooded over tho faco of the earth beforo tho 41 Suit of righteousness " had arisen upon our earth with " healing in His .wings?" Need wo hesitate to Bay that they would have rushed down the precipiecof utter .destruction, and that the human raco would have become extinot long ago. - Ihus I think thcu that tlio moro wo reflect upon lt/tho more reason shall we seo, hot only to justify the wisdom of God, but to adore His mercy :iu dealing with us in the Bible In the way He has done, in giving us a revelation about spiritual things aloue, and leaving us to find out matters rotating, to physical science by oursolves, and the more deeply we meditate upon this way .of God with- us in tho- Bible, tho rnoro shall wo como to realise the truth of what St. Paul says, The foolishness of God is wiser than men, and .the weakness of God I stronger than men." - 