John Taggert's l rial. By Mrs. Amelia E- Barr. Thirty-five joars ago thia summer, I ejjent some delightful months in that most picturesque and charming of retreats—tho Isle of Man, with my headquarters at Castletown. During the summer months, when the herring fishery was at its height, Casslitown pier in the early hours of the morning was a most picturesque place, with it3 boats and masses of gleaming fish and queer fisherman —and fisherwomen, too, for that matter— Irish and Scotch and Welsh and English and Manx. But towopng, like Saul, head and shoulders above the Aowd, I noticed always a young Manxman, who seemed to ba an authority on all subjects of sale. He wore the common dress of blue flannel, cut in the usual quaint, nngraoeful form, but no form of dress could have spoiled a figure moulded in nature's noblest proportions. His bare, brown throat supported a head and face strikingly handsome, though it was evident from its glowing, bronzed tint, that it had been set against tho Buns and winds of heaven for many a year. We soon found out that this man was universally respected, and eagerly sought after, not only by his own class, but by leisurely visitors, to whom his knowledge of the aea and of the coast, and of every point of interest within a day's pleasuring, was invaluable. He seemed, however, to particularly attach himself to a young Englishman- called Philip Saville, who spent some of his time sketching, riding, and dining with the officers of the garrison; but the most of it in an open boat out at sea. Indeed, people soon began to notice that Philip S aville and the fisher man, John Taggert, were never very long apart. The summer passed, and autumn, with its oooasional stormy days, was upon us. Still Saville lingered, people said, solely because he could not bear to part with John Taggert. I had, however, some doubts as to whether John was the only charm ; for twice when I had been gathering blackberries in BiUabeg woods, I had oomeupon Saville and a beautiful peasant girl, named Mary B jyd, balon^ing to the little hamlet on the sand?, A few days after my seoond meeting of them, 1 received an invitation to attend a Manx fisherman's wedding to be given in the great barn of Gwynne estate; for the bride's people had been retainers of the GWynnes for centuriea and the master of Gwynne and all his family were to dance at the bridal. Many of the officers and visitors of the city were guests, and among the rest, Philip Saville. His glanoe, on entering the barn, sought until it found Mary, and then it followed her every movement. It seemed to specially annoy Philip that John Taggert was on the most familiar terms with her, and after while, as John passed him, he said, in a querulous voice : _" I should think, John, you would be tired trotting round after that little girl— you have done nothing else for nearly three hours." John answered pleasantly: " And what for would I be tired in three hours, when it is all the days of my life I mean to trot after her?" Philip'a faoe darkened visibly, but he made np answer, Soon after, howaver, I misBed him, and looking through the room, I saw Mary wss also absent. It was a lovely September night, with a full, yellow moon, and as many of the visitors had left the barn for a Etroll. on the firm, dry sands, I took a • friend's arm and joined them. We had not walked far, when we met Philip and Mary hand in hand, and when John Taggert missed his love and his friend, he walked to the "barn-door and instantly saw them sauntering together on the moonlit sands. It did not take him many minutes to reach them. "Mary," he said, in an angry voice, " you coma home with me at once, or I'll—" "John, if you threaten me, I'll never 5 come with you again." "You can please yourself, Mary Boyd; it's not John Taggert, though he is your pro mised husband, that will ask you twice." Add with a furious look at" Pnilip, whioh Philip answered by a provoking little laugh, John went back to the wedding gue3ts. But all his. gaiety was gone: he would neither dance nor sing; and long before the festivities were over, he left. As he went , home, hs glanced toward the sands. Philip and Mary were, together. Philip held her hand, and stooped his proud head to listen to what she was saying. . John glanced but '' moment at this bitter sight, then, with a muttered threat, not pleasant to hear, he took the other way. Unfortunately, several people, heard the words, and they were af&er-; ..'• ward recalled to his condemnation, A party of Rock- Cod fishers came in one morning, bringing with them Philip's private rowing- boat, which they had found floating a. couple of miles out of harbor. His line and a oouple of books were in the boat, and . the oars were found not far away; but there was no trace of the young man. People ba- ^an to inquire next- where John had been •during the flow of that morning's tide, and when it was proved that he had been seen .. leaving the harbor very early that mornirg, many looked on him with faces of dreadful meaning. Still, none liked to be premature. Mr Saville was always swayed by the caprice of tha moment, and it was suggested that he had perhaps met a fishing-smack, and gone with the. crew to enjoy some deep-sea fishing. • Every boat that came into the little ports adjacent was eagerly inquired of ; no one, however, had seen anything of the missing man. Day by day the suspicion of foul play grew more definite. When ten days had elapsed, and no letters or tidings came, the proper authorities took charge of Philip's personal effects, and John Taggert was arrested on suspicion, but there being no positive evidence to confirm the vague suspicions regarding him, he was acquitted. Bat now began the worst of his punishment. The severity of the old laws of Man had made the peasantry look upon crime as something altogether dreadfal; murder was a thing nearly unknown, and beyond the pale of excuse or pardon; its very suspicion was & frightful thing. John Taggert found himsell in pretty much the same condition as the excommunicated man In the Dark Ages. Heooald get no work; if he had not had money saved, he must have starved or lett Castletown, About Christmas time, he met on the sea-Bhore the rector of the church he had once so regularly attended. He would have passed him with a dark, averted face, but the good man would not let him; he put oat hiB hand and looked John steadily and Mndly In the face. 44 John," he said, " do . you think I am going to eat my Christmas dinner with your dark, stubborn face haunting me? Why have you not oome to see me in vour trouble?" Your servants, sir, would have safe" I laft a bloody step at the door-stone. Would yoa have allowed me to stand upon your hearth?" 44 Did yon ever try me, John 1 Turn now with me and come to my study, for I have something to say to you.,' Then the good man led him on to tell all the petty insults whose tremendous cumulative power was fast turning him into a fierce, bitter hater of his kind; and the poor fellow found oomfort even in this unburdening of his grief, as well as in the unspoken sympathy that glistened in his listener's eyes. At last, when the heavy heart had unburdened all its agony, the rector said: "John, why don't you go away from Castletown?" "No, eir," he answered, passionately; "I have done nothing to run away for. If there is any justice in Heaven, it will clear me in the sight of my neighbors and kinfolk. I can wait; but I want to be here on the spot when trod is ready to hear my cause." sar'iet?" ° y or neces- y Q B Q f i e r i D g f o r m o n e 44 Not much, Bir; for since your reverence s has been so kind to me, I will trust you with my one secret. Mary Boyd brings me many e a bowl of bread and milk to the old Druid Qur people 4op'l yeeture there after b nlglit. bat Mary loves ms, and 'ova is not aisared of ghosts. " 1 am fclad to hear this, John. Then Mirv, aa well as I, beliuves you to be innocent 1 ' For a moment John could not speak ; then with full eyes, he answered : " For them words, sir, God blsss you ! If you and Mary bsli3va me innocent. I aai not quite hopeless. Mary has never doubted me ; she sought me cut at once in my trouble and loneliness. I should have gone mad or died the iaat few weeks but for her." " If I Bhould give you work and a little cottage, would Mary marry you. and thus enable ycu to live down, in your own home, these suspicions?" " Yes, sir, she would leave all her people and come to me; but that is a thing I would not let her do. I would not stain my Mary's name, and, perhaps, tho unborn innocent, with my misfortune. When I am proved guiltless is time enough for me to marry." After this, John was 6ulien and silent enough, but he did the work the rector gave him, and tha support of a man so respected bagin, in some slight degree, to change public sentiment. But if there was any change in his neighbors, John took no notice cf it. He spoke to no one, he did what work the rector gave him, or spent whole days on the winter sea, comforted at rare, happy moments by a stolen visit from Mary. And eo the weeks crept on, until the middle of February. There had been a heavy wind all day, and the sea and the wind rose together as tha day advanced. Going up Malew street, ho met an old man who had once been his hearty admirer and friend. The man had not spoken to him since his trouble, but this time he said, timidly: "Going to be a very bad, dirty night, John." Yes," replied John, curtly. "Small craft pretty near Qliggin Point. Hope she may not get too near them Scarlet R'joks." "If ehe was woith her sails she would have out into her harbor early to day." It was the io.ngest conversation John had held w-th any oi his comrades for months. He suddenly remembered the fact, and walked hurriedly away. ' Poor fellow!" muttered the old man. Miybs. now, he is none to blame." Taat night the storm grew wilder and wilder until midnight, and long before dawn, in the pauses of the wind, could be faintly heard tho gun of a ship in distress. As soon as it was light, a crowd of men gathered on the shore, watching eagerly the craft in danger. It was hard to tell what she was— ail her masts were gone, and she seemed to be rapidly breaking up. Yet the sea ran so high, and the danger of launching a boat wa3 so imminent, that the oldest sailor feared to risk it. Then John Taggert stepped eagerly forward. " Will any man go with me," he said, " to save yonder poor fellows ?" No one Epoke. Of all races the Manx are the most superstitions; and if Johu was really a murderer, they did not wish to share his fate; so no one answered his appeal by word or movement. John set his lips and frowned darkly." " Is there any man here, then, who will help me launch a boat, and I will go alone?" " I will," said the old man, who had spoken to him the day before. Now, if ever a human being was in a mood to command winds and watere, John Taggert was that morning. He leaped off the quay into the dropped boat, and all thought for a moment that he had found his death, but presently they saw him grasping both oars, ereot and firm. Just then the rector reached the anxious crowd. " God bless you, John !" he cried. But John heard not the blessing; his face was set seaward, every muscle, every sense was strained to the uttermost, and yet he afterward said he was sensible of no exertion. He rowed as a man in a dream might row. Through marvellous dangers and difficulties" he reached the -wreck; then aB he neared it, he gave a great shout, for, clinging to a remnant of the mainmast, was a figure he knew but too well. He could not doubt his eyes—it waB, it certainly was Philip Saville 1 Here was his vindication. John never doubted but that Heaven had sent it. and even as he toiled in rowing, he did not forges the uplifting of his heart in unutterable gratitude. How he got the men off the wreck and brought the orowded boat back safe to Castletown quay was always a mystery to John. He was always inclined to regard the whole affiir as somewhat supernatural. In truth, he was possessed by feelings far beyond those that move us to ordinary action, and the enthusiasm that filled his own soul he imparted to the half-drowned men he came to save. They obeyed him as if he had been a god, and John had part of hi3 reward in the shouts that greeted the boat as she slowly and dangerously neared the land. But when John himself lifted Pnilip Saville out of it, and in his strong, loving armB carried him as a mother would carry a child men were afraid to speak; for there was an exaltation in his manner that awed them ; so. also, when the rector drew him into the square, and a great crowd gathered round the justified man, there were more hand-shakings than words, for the Manx are a silent people, more given to actions than professions Philip'? explanation was a natural one Early one morning, he had met out at sea' the yacht of an old companion, and learned from him that his elder .brother had been killed by a railway accident, and that the family lawyer was looking for him. As there was only two steamers a week between the Island and Liverpool, and as it would be impossible to catch the one sailing that day, hiB friend had offered to run him across to Liverpool in his yacht. Without much thought, he had accepted the offer, leaving a note in the boat to inform his landlady what to do with his effects if anyone found the boat, which wa3 almost certain to fee the ease. He had also instructed his lawyer to write to Castletown; but both directions had failed. Probably the note had been blown away; and the lawyer, amid the more important busi'nees of settling up and transferring the estate had not thought the few sovereigns lying in Castletown of urgent interest, and of graver consequences he was totally ignorant. Then Philip had been compelled to leave England immediately with a sister, whose delicate health the shock of her brother's death had greatly injured. Amid the delights of Eome, he forgot his Castletown life, until one morning, about a month previous, in a package of delayed EngHah letters, he found one frcifl the rector of Castletown, detailing the wretched consequences of Mr. Saville's disappearance. This letter had been sent to the family seat after Philip's departure for Italy, had been forwarded to his lawver in London, and, after many delays, finally reached the right person. Without a moment's delay, Philip had started for England, and fiuding that in winter steamers only run once a week between the Island and Liverpool, he hired a small craft to bring him over at once to Castletown, and be had thus met the storm that had so nearly proved fatal. There are some calamities that never meet adequate compensation, for Job does not always recover his sons and daughters, but everything that a friendship consecrated and sealed in the very presence of death could devise, and everything that abundant wealth could perform, Philip did to recompense the weary, shameful months that were irreclaimable. Henceforward, John sailed his own ship,and Mary reoeived as her wedding gift the prettiest cottage in her native village, and together they have seen many good days, and had their full share of prosperity. "Now you never smell the odor of liquor on my breath," said the young clergyman, expostulating with Staggers for his bibulous propensities. No; what do you do for it V' asked Staggers, with deep interest. THE German of it.—» Thai Blytha is a good deal of a hypocrite." 44 In what way ?" 41 Why, he's the kind of a man that would train at a beer and swallow a kummel." How do you like that young Yale man you mployed as messenger, Mr Ssrkins ?" 44 He's a very good fellow," returned the anker ; he lets me do pretty much as I I 41 i 