Margaret, OR THE PEARL OF AUHINMARBE. BY KAIEDOSCOPE. (Continuod.) She did not hear his approach till he was quite close. Then, with a little start, she turned and saw him, and if .he had ever entertained doubt as to how it was inth her, the lovely' tinge creeping intother cheek and glad light in her eyes Would have been enough to dispel donubt for over. " Numbering what is left of your subjects, the flowers, fair lady?" he said, as he took the hand she extended to him. "Poor flowers; there are not many now to number," she replied, looking round the garden with regretful eyes. " Do you know, Captain Eollande, that I sometimes think it is their small, sad ghosts crying in the autumn wind that makes it so weird." " A tender fancy," he replied. "But I think, Miss Bruce, that if you would not have me crying in the autumn wind too, you .will talk of something more cheerful. - 'm afraid of ghosts." M.argaret laughed, and side by side they passed down the winding walk until'they found themselves at the little arbour . albove the brookl. The bloom and fairy ntmosphoro of warm, dim delight that had hallowed it so on that. remembered June dayj were gone, somehow, and though it was still beau tiful, it was with a beauty expressibly mournful. Margaret' shivered as she looked at it,, " MisseBruce, I am about to make a confession," said Rollande, sudddilf impelledby. an irresistitly strong .desirl to disturb her drearly 'calm,. She glanced at him enquiringly. " On a cbrtain June day Icame'along yonder bank in pursuit, of trout,, and saw the Naiad of the itreiami in this arbour asleep. "Indeed," replied Margaret, con fusedly, and turning a little aside, "theo I think she was a very foolish. Naiad. She stopped,L leaving the sentence unfinished. Heirface wse hidden,' but he could .,not see the'-orimson flush dyeing her white ,cecklrlnd throat. Then he realised his danger and spoke again. ;. "Younmust not blame her, if for no other reason than that the picture she. made will always be at pleasant memory to me. My holiday is over, and I leave Auohinmare to-morrow. The blush died, as swiftly as the red light of sunset passes from the moun, uia- snow, and the pallor of that snow !s self succeodesit. A slow tremour shook her from hean to foot, and one tiny hand fluttered pward and rested on her heart. But she\did not speak. " I had not in ended to go so soon," he wont on, try ng to speak lightly, although really ulirmod by her quietude, " but matters of drgent importance or II me to Londo?i at onceu, May I hope that, you share my regroefor the end ing of all our-pleasant hours ?" She turned slowly, all the despelate strength of *omanly pride sustaining her in that moment 6:f soul-bhattering agony. Her face was paler than that of the dead, but every. delicate feature kept an unaltered calm, aia her voice had all its wonted music as she said "Yes, I am sotrry yoqu are 'going; but then autumn is a tishe of parting, is it not?" and as :she ceased she smiled. " Shall we return to the L uase, Miss Bruce?" he asked, after a 'paise, filled' up' i'ith inoroe discomort than he Lad ever felt bef ".",I have Wtally time s my disposal, and----" "Then do not waste it ]Ihre," b1 ijn. terrupted, witli soperfodt en a.ssumi lion pf har tl playfahlpsetb?( bnt forp g)l r and the look in her rebellious oyes, he he would have deemed. her iudifforent. ' I shall stay here for a while, and as quiet partings are best, I shall san .;ood-bye, Captain ]lollando." lHe did not dare to dispute her wish, ad n: moment later was striding up ile mossy walk towards the house. At dhe last point from which he could see the arbour he looked back. Standing at the door, she waved her hand to him and smiled., He shook himself as if to get rid of some over tearing impression, and went on ti.l he had almost reached the house. Then he stopped, staring at the ground, while his face grew wild with the last flicker of expiring hope. " Shall I go back ?" he said aloud. ' No, Danae lollaudo, you are a villain, but that fifth of a million I" And Margaret? Seated on the rude arb our bench, staring into the water, she had become as a stone to the sight. Thought was dead in her dulled braie, ,tnd in her bosom her heart was break ing. 'With her wounded pride, with her innocent shame, but more than all her wasted love, the cup was filled of which she hid to drink-she, whose very being was all that was best in womanhood, whose whole gentle life had been one long, loving thought for others I And there was no one to pity I 'ho world was all one suffocating agony, mnd-oh, 'dear God-- heaven was heut ,ut I And so the hours passed :over that place of sacrifice, with its chill broathiugs of decay, with its ghosts of .dead fliwers sobbieg in the wind, and its still, white form of stone. III, " I moan to say, with all due ro spect to you, sir that I cannot do it." ",Will not, you mean." " No; cannot. I have tried and trird and it is useless, I neither can nor wvill.marry Adele Conynge''. "* Are you sure you are qui sane?" ".Perfectly. I have boon mad, think ; but, thank God I I find I amn no 4brong enough to force mayself into open villainy'6ind .it *;Ould be nothing loss it [ wero to marry Adelo Conyngs," "Indeed ?, And how long have you irnown that?' " Since I found out how much better women are than men; since I found out what a true women is," " And yet you refuse to menrry one ?" " I refuse to marry one for money." ' Pshaw' Are her re?'figs to go for lothinug?" " Pardon me, sir; her foelings are not engaged. She likes me. po ssibly inut she loves--lorself." The speakers were Dane Rollanude etd his father, and the conversation recordad above took place about a :monlh after their return to London fdim Scotland. During tlo month the ,aptinu bad set himself resolutely to .ilfil' his fathor's plans, and, as he con seived, advance his own interests at the inam titiuhby tiying siege to theheiroess, ,But in his calculations he had not in aluded two things-thuo 'strength of hi. love for MargaretIBruce, and the latent nobility of his own nature. From the very first he had boon devided against timmelf-the m.ta of the world jag.inet he man of roelity-and the issue of the strugglo had bean sure and disastrutr lefo.t -for the formai, When' this point was readchhehe gave up thought of the heiress,' of her money, and it was .he communication of this decision to his father that led to the conversation wvith which this chapter opens, For some moments after the captains est, speech there was silence, Then the elder man advanced, and' laid his hand on the other's arm, " "Listen to.me; Dane,"hli said, " and remsmberjhatI do nbt spe'il twice, Adele Coay~ges may, be a fool most women are-Ah behe'vill make you as good wife as any other. She likes you I know, aind you can win her if you wishli That being so, are you going-= because of an infatuation for the ,da??lhtor of ali ol EusU S.cotfs laird-to tbrow iasay the best chauco over offered o. ?"' . i: " There is no other way, sir," '"i Iced I' And: 'may I ask what you itlond to live on ?" "' I liave fie hundred a year and' my pay,. And you mill marry onithat 9" "I ant' not "likely?, to'?te chance afforded me," wa? ithb reply, spoken in tone of udih bitter regaet and ,fierco self-contempt that the listener was startled by it. "The onlywoinan I would marry- now, I' have lost through following your line of notion pardon me if after this I adhere to my own.' " Very well; that sottlos the' matter, And moanwhlle, until you come to your senses, we need not see more of cacli. 'o;hor than. is absolutely nooossary. You will of course loave here," " To- niglt, sir." " For ,colland ?' SAhb, Well, you may go. I have I ftters to write. And so father and'",ibarted. But in the solitude of his own room while thinking over his changed pro poets and laying plans for the immedi dto futuro; that question of his "ather's, " For Scotland I" kehopt recur ing to his minid again and again, until .t last, mad and wild as the idea seemed it first, there began to mingle with it at ihado?vy hope, the very presonce of vhilit suggested.j Dare hoe go back .i the hope that she would forgive hinms?-ho who won her love, all .but told her that he loved her-and thou eoft her so? IoHe remembered that ,ruting in tho old arhour above the irook, and as he thought of her face, the agony in her eyes kindled a very hell if ronolso and despairing pain in hid teart-that heart that ho had ,tarvod tad daspiaol all his life, that was non teaching him its strength and his owt: .voakness. And, as the tido of avong ig love and despair surged higher ano ,igher, all the fiercer for its long ree taint, ho let his head fall forward on tie foldLd arms with a groan. SHeIoaven help me !-I shall go manl !" ho muttered with quivering lips. "If I only dared hope, even o little! O, Margaret, Margaret, Margaret !" (''o be continued.) 