TOPICS OF THE WEEK Sir Henry Wrixon was short by 11 votes of the number wanted to give him a majority. Though the Government have come safe out ot the encounter, the shock is a warning to them, and should put an end to the bidding system which they have carried on since the session began. Mr. IShiels, while pretending' to be highly otic, and to have no personal wish to Keepin oftice, 6poke spitefully and peevishly tipi. the Corner members, and would soon the waverets across the House with spoiling were enough occasion given, llis language on this occasion, though he is talking as Premier, is tliat of one of his owu "bell-bottomed ballotees." Members who leave the Corner are to be "drummed out to the tune of the Rogues' March" they are sinking "into the slime and dirt of their own perfidy," and the voice of Mr. W. T. Carter is " the squealc of a rat." If the principal accomplishment expected in a Premier were uttering gibes and passing off old phrases in a hew dress (even the Cave of Adullam and a well-worn line from the Book of Ecclesiastes were lugged in), Mr. Shiels would !>e without a peer. Sir Henry Wrixon challenged the Ministry on the ground that the proposals they had sub mitted to Parliament, were not the pro- j posala that they laid before the country. Mr. Shiels's reply is to be admired for simplicity-" If there have been any material alterations'in the Custerton programme they have been explained in subsequent speeches." Ilis speech almost from begin ning to end was an attack on the deaf and buried financing of the Gillies Ministry. He" dodged the cliarge of having sprang exorbi tant duties on the House by whininRly asserting that all the opposition which had been offered to them came from member^ who used *' free- trade arguments." lie spoke of the cruelty of tarntug out the Government because ithad dored to give.(VbeggMi^50 j ~ dent, dutiefr tofumiturcmskere . -.v. -M nmmf.fif:.. _ -v ? . ii i. . . .j, , , ' . [voted? He gave hie word that except for raising revenue the tariff would not be touched. The constituencies might have chosen the same members, but those mem bers would have been very definitely pledged on Ihe subject of the tariff had plunging on the part of the Ministry been anticipated. There is not a line of any of his addresses, or statements, or announcements that Mr. Shiels can be pinned down to. He has sur rendered with audacious promptitude on the proposal to cut down the prospecting vote one-half. The House is now at liberty to pass it in full, and whatever the log-rollers please to ask for in the matter of protection Mr. Shiels is eager to give them, provided they do the log-rolling effectively, and let him keep where he is. What becomes of the time-honoured constitutional principle that the laying on of taxes shall be limited to the necessities of the Crown ? Mr. Shiels looks npon tuxes as bribes to be given away to keep his wretched dolls' Ministry in oflice. One pasahge in Mr. Shiels's reply beats li* altogether. He means to insinuate that Sir Henry Wrixon, who sees thatthe new duties are going to Ijc oppressive to farmers and' miners, is a man who cannot be insympafchy or touch with people who toil. Mr. Shiele appears for the moment to fort&t; what com pany he himself keeps when he suggests that Sir Henry must move in too good Bociety to ever meet with miners. Sir Henry's speech is said to have " the ring-the venomoue ring -of the aristocrat and the exclusionist." What did our neatly- tailored and delicately fed Premier mean? " When the hon. member was talking of the miner I turtied round to the Treasurer and remarked, ' The tone of that is exactly in accordance with the old idea, 'God bless the squire and his relations, and keep us in our proper stations.' The poor miner is to be held guilty of great im morality because he wishes to better the con dition of his children, and not to allow them, like their forefathers, to burrow under the ground for life." And further down-Mr. Shiele protests that " These gentlemen are framing an indictmentagainst the Government because we have been loyal to our desire to give justice to manufacturers-becau&e; we are bold enough while granting the means of justice which the farmer has demanded for so many years to treat all classes alike, and because we are not going to lie guilty of the foul wrong of separating the farmer from the miner and the miner from the manufacturer." For our superfine Premier to talk after this fashion in August is rich, seeing that in April last, when the country was asked to vote on his programme, no such policy of sweetness and sympathy had entered into his head. We doubt whether it is in liis head even now. He has it only on his lips, and we do not believe that the political anatomist,searching ever so carefully, will lind in Mr. Shiels any organ corresponding to a heart where such sympathies originate in. Does he imply that Sir Henry Wrixon is too refined or too well-mannered to feel for the people whom Mr. Shiels is loading with duties that will bring them to the ground? When did he ever permit the miner with -his clay-stained clothes to come near? .You might suppose Mr. Shiels to mean that, with his "beggarly duties," he is going to abolish mining and the necessity of " bur rowing underground," and invent some deli cate and pretty mode of extracting gold, silver, and coal from the gross earth, if there is anythinz to choose between the calling, of the coal miner, whom the As sembly is making a railway to accommodate at Korumburra, and the occupation of the cobbler sitting all day on his bench, it seems to us that the miner has die best of it. Bur rowing underground does not prevent his having a fine physique. Such exquisite sensitiveness comes naturally from the Pre mier, who announced the Ministerial policy at Casterton in eveniug-dress and patent leather shoes, and required the Trades-hall members that formed a crescent on the plat form behind him to wear similar finery. Mr. Gillies, who has worked as a digger, and the homely Sir Henry Wrixon have much more genuine sympathy for the miner than the niceiy-barbered Mr. Shiels can ever pretend to. The term "union slave" was recently in vented as a set-off against the stigma " black leg," which union leaders affix to tlie free labourer with every intention of humiliating and disgracing him, To be a "blackleg" where unionism prevails is almost as bad as to be an "outcast" among Hindus in Indiav The courts have held the term "scab," which is sometimes used in preference to blackleg,' to be slanderous, and a verdict was given lately against a union secretary who used it. Offensive terms are to be avoided, and "slave " would no doubt be strongly resented by unionists hearing it employed as tlte con trary of free labourer.. Unionists of the Sleath and Spence persuasion start with the assump tion that all who refuse to join are infidels and heretics who shall be damned, without hope of redemption in this' world, as infidels and heretics are damned for the next world by good Mahommedans and orthodox Catholics. Any bad name is allowably but if the heretic calls his persecutors a bad name it is pro fanity. If auto-de-fes had not gone out of fashion we suppose that burning at the stake or on piles of wood would be recommended as excellent punishment for workmen who have wills of their own, and won't waste their pence in providing salaries for union secre taries or strike money for the armies of martyrs whidi such tt> de^^etSttotlt^to f labourer% inexpre quisitor hated the infidel more earnestly .elves and act for themseUes-and the s:n and wilfulness o! the free labourer are a* detestable in these days. It is a *hj to beaten out of liim. ^ et when conl think of it the unionist is kinase!', wry mtK i a slave. He has passed from «n,jer who was somewhat in syropat!.* wi .1. ? though perhaps not in even cs^e as km* a he might be, to be enrolled nn let a kwg.*e who knows him only by his number, an ic-^ for him only asthe chess player carj- 10. = rooks or knights pawn- a* * moment a number of miners on fcrok.n Hd. who think the rates offered b,J:be c ,m panies acceptable. they ;iare n,t so Is not this slavery * A «*t« Ss teen mooted, tat they dare not openlv hold up their har.--s -or_ » aS, knowing this, Mr. ^tary th restricts them to open vot.np on ne parage ground. When the societies ate called open to TO e strike pay 8, ," \V." !.«ecanse each they are obliged to-ote ; ?Q-,t society is afraid ot being cane-* 1 ^ Lf. or some such name by all the ot^er*. The machine works beautifully. Mr. =Jfath orders a strike. All the men have to come oot Ther have no right to exercise tneir bearers, whose pay runs on for ever, decide. Keit when Mr. Sieath appeals tor aid and the boss of each kindred society thinks it time to make a levy, the levy prac&ca.ly; votes ieeli. Theae things are done in the name of "liberalism " and to raise the status ot the workman, as their Sieath or their bpence, who is not in any sense a seer or a 'wirf or, snnremeh good man, asserts it can be raised. Mr sieath may be as great a blunderer this Tear as Mr. Spence proved himseu to be two . Veaxs ago. He may have no insight into tbe > working of the social forces-not one man in , a million has-nevertheless wliat he says will happen most be behevea as wrtain to happen : and if it does not happen, his tore-: case mar be forgotten, or if they are remem- j bered they can be explained away or repudiated. Unionism » worked on the; principle that an army is govemea upon, the j jpilitaint principle, all individual wills being ; subordinated to the will of the general : bat j alas! it has no Moltkes. Tbe anthonty at; the head of affairs is usually a blatant quack, J expert onlc at calling names or inventing sdly j lies, br which no great social or moral' triumph ever can l>e won. Mr. sieath keeps | the Broken Hill strike alive by going to the . reserve each day and playing Annt hall* 1 with the names and characters of mimng j officials and prominent citizens. For the first time for many a day someone has been making a sensible suggestion at a , gathering of the Victorian Alliance, and that, someone, marvellous to say, is Mr. K. T. Vale. The Alliance is a brotherhood and j sisterhood of teetotallers who are unhappy, not to say miserable, because they have not the power of compelling everybody to abstain from touching alcohol as they do themselves, and they boldly avow that nothing will please them short of an act of Parliament closing every publichouse, and making it a criminal offence to sell a glass oi spirits or a bottle of beer. If the members of the Alliance would content themselves with attaining from drinking and standing at the street corners as patterns to be admired and copied by the whole world we should do what little lies in our way to extol their self-denial, shutting oar eyes to the prifrgisrn underlying this Phari saical parade of virtue. For it is said, with prolable truth, that very many teetotallers are so constituted that if they did not abstain they would lie terrible people to have among us. We would as lief hear of tbe opening of the doors of Kew Asylum as the breaking up of the Alliance (with the various aocieties following in its train,, and the sudden absolving of tbe members from their vows. Tbe more the Alliance grows the safer the people at large should feel. So long as they keep from intoxicants we need not mind their being intemperate in speech, bat rather congratulate ourselves that speaking ia the chief kind o£ intem perance they indulge in. Mr. Vale says that the teetotallers have missed the use of what should be their greatest weapon ridicule. He handles the weapon awkwardly himself, bat with practice great skill might be acquired, and it the alliance by Bach legitimate and sensible means could laugh people out of any of the foolish drinking customs that still linger ia the land they would do real service to mankind. In fact, moral suasion (a phrase they do not like} is really the only force which has hitherto been effective. Men and women, were shamed, not lopaUtwl, out of the habit of gin drinking that prevailed in tbe last centuiy, and by similar influences statesmen, judges, poets, and country squires have been brought to see that making themselves "vats of claret" or port is putting the humau form divine to a contemptible use. Until people beaome averse, on moral and social grounds, to flfjnlrinfl, |t is idle to think that prohibition w0| gtop drinking. There is that in man makes him do the very thing he should .V«iSlp^gttJfcie attempt is made to use 00m "^e JWwnce has hitherto dis lice nse of ridicule for the sufficing ' the sense of the ludicrous enthusiasm seldom co-exist Lawson is a mm avis. Sfey! ludicrous would save tbe ' ' - '^ Alliance from applauding < in their preset* ~-1hiSkfidmirablf. Mrs; ' *k pointing out an i-Biii £i I closing of three of the Melbourne theatres, ; reducing the number now oj*?n to two, there! should l>e complaiuts of times as dull as oars j at the London places ol amusement. Mr. Clement Sv-ou. in one of his latest articles in the IVttt'ra'-'i London Xo.r>. says that | managers are 'lis-, casing the propriety ofj lowering nrk-e~. iri preference to keeping npj the absurd ma ke-lv'ieve system of filling the! houses w it h aniienoes on the order system. The high scale of charges obtaining in London ; has hitherto been held up to the people of j Australia as a pattern and a reproach. It j rill be ixli if the London theatres come, ?lovra to oar rates. The depression follow- j sng the period of undue excitement which j we call the boom cannot be the! cause of the London theatres not filling, j LoaJon has not been hating a boom: after the Australian model,and its population j consists of too many millions for the atten-' ; dance to fall off, as it has done here, owir>g j to the times being dull. We have got into' I the bad habit of talking depression in season ; and out of season,and employing it as a ready j I solution for ever? riddle. There is a pood = deal in the after-effect of the boom which is | not to be regretted. Lavish squandering j seems for the time to have stopped. At this j I we cannot be sorry. A crisis was wanting to . ; bring people to their bearings, and to enable ? ; families of moderate means to leave off living j . like millionaires without givine a shock to , 1 their acquaintances or wounding their own! ? pride too deeply. The steady and lasting j paoe which appears to have been entered; upon does not exclude theatre-going from the j list of allowable amusements. For theatre- j going is a cheap as well as an agreeable mode j of entertaining yourself and the friends' it is your duty or delight to amuse. | while the people missing from the theatres : are in many instances people who areas well' off now as they were before the Ixwm. De-1 terioration in the quality of the plays which : dramatists vouchsafe to the public may have' somethingto do with the lossof appetite which ; is the prevailing complaint. We havegotdown . to a run of entertainments which are without plots or connected incidents. Songs, dances,' and character-acting pass in succession before the eye, and we do not require to be fully; awake to appreciate them. We can look at the' stage and think ot something else at the same time without losing any pleasure. They j scarcely interrupt conversation, and talking daring the performance has become so j necessary with certain kinds of theatregoers ' that they avoid going to comedies and dramas j that should be listened to in silence. Follow ing a plot fatigues an attention unused to any mental strain after dinner. People who are tired because tliey have been busy all day, as well as people who are tired because they have been idle all day, fancy that the right amusement to seek is a picturesque but threadless burlesque ; in this they are mis taken, and the consequence is that theatrical j amusements, which, taken in the right way, j yield real mental refreshment, fail to refresh. I Audiences go home yawning. Mr. Fred j Leslie, on returning to London, "claimed* at an interview as much credit in the way of j invention for the actor as the author. The claim was ju6t Halt thebusiness at a Gaiety { burlesque is business invented by the actor. Without it the piece would fail altogether, bat at the best it ia sorry fun ; it would fit j as well into one burlesque as another, it has no bearing on the plot, and it is only a kind of theatrical conjuring. Unless a process of brain decay has set in amongst all ranks of society the revival will come when the true use of the theatre flashes upon the people whose function in life (how ordained we cannot guess) appears to be to set the fashion or lead in the tide. The police bare discovered nothing or it would be fairer to say find it convenient to 6ay they have dis covered nothing-respecting the dynamiting fatality at Stirling beyond these facts, that the dynamite was fired by a fuse lit on-the outside of the building, and that both dyna mite and fuse were taken daring working hours oat of the storeroom belonging to the persons blown np. Nothing has been allowed to transpire suggesting that anyone in the township had a motive for killing Cohen, or injuring ills partner Tait, who slept in the same room, and escaped with a shock that rendered him senseless for a time. Yet the case, the police say, cannot be femicide. To heighten the mystery we are told that Stirling nsedto be calledflie Haunted Stream, because, 30 or 35 years ago, " Ballarat Harry" (or as those who deal in the sensational prefer to say, the real Sir Roger Tichborne) vanished jjom among men there, and has haunted the spot asaghostat odd tinleaSfece. Ballarat Harry's spirit fiudb no rest betjfcnse his body-no one doubts be was mtitdgred by the mate who was aftervrards siⅈ with his money and clothes-has neverbteen seen, and the ashes remain unburied. The sensible plan of giving the Ideality a proper name seems to have converte&the; ghost incident into a tra dition. Bat because a dark murder fas committed in the locality^t is looked upon as fit that a dark murder should occur {here again. Thus la our lore of the mysterious ministered to by the police and the reporter who has a design upon onr peace. ' Stirling, is an out-of-the-way mining villain in the Gippsland ranges, andliesxast of the track between Baimsdale and Omeo. five yeara ago John Cohen sold bis store to David Tail* and came to lire In Bransttick. Tiro gears ago he went " back, and Ophen find Tait be-' came partners, Cohen minding the fsitoie and Tait working as a miner. ; Theysleptin op posite corners of the same room. On Ftfdajy August 6, t&e; fc$ute£l neigh bour,!"" aiHiu»gotvonen^^^i^-^, #r#i; dea&h;&d; 3>epn' frloimj fiti# to a di|ttj®ce/^ lofte ." wfttoei ffelibtwb * where Cohen's bed stooJ. and fired by a fuse, the " snuff " end of which lias been found in the passage between the dwelling and a vacant butcher's shop next door. A 24ft- length of lose is missing along with the dynamite from the stock in the store, and by experiment it has been proved that such a ! fuse woald have taken seven minutes to born, ? giving the operator ample time to conceal his .tracks in whatever direction they may have . trended. These are the materials be | fore the public, and they are insufficient j to base any opinion or gaess upon. , When they are without a clu^. the police call | the affair a mysteiy, which has the same I effect upon the popular min-i. while taking ! in the story, that the 6tful firelight has upon j the telling of a weird tale to an audience ; sitting round the hearthstone. This is the ; second dynamite case that has occurred j lately,the other being the Brans wivk incident, j which happily did not end in death. In ' other respects the crime is not especially j harrow ing or sensational, and we suppose I thesecret will come ont in doe time. | Judgment has at last been given in the | great Brisbane lawsuit which the Chiet j Justice has been tiring, with and without the i assistance of a jury, since November last. ; The plaintiffs are the Queensland Invest- j I ment and Land Mortgage Company, with its headquarters in London, an ! the defendants. foar public men and one priv ate individual, j the public men being the Brisiiane board of j directors, viz., Sir Thomas M'llwtaith, Sir. Arthur Palmer (some time acting Governor), Mr. F. H. Hart, M.L.C., and Mr.! Edward Robert Draty, general manager of the Queensland National Bank. The; issue is modi more . a political than a' financial one, and that fact alone will account j for the Chief Justice's taking the case out of: the hands of the jury, to wbith he referred it: (with reservations), disregarding the finding of the jury, which were favourable to the defendants, and arriving at a judgment. favourable to the plaintiffs. In short, his Honour may be said to have been administer ing the laud law, vindicating the Legislature, and making ap for the shortcomings of the Lands department, a duty which his Honour, as an old conttoveraalist on land legislation, may be believed to have undertaken veiy willingly. The sum at stake is £60,264, and die whole case turns upon the question how some 16,000 acres of land came to be selected on Jimbour run, held by Sir Joshua Peter: Bell (now dead} and his heirs. Jimbour is situated on the edge of the Darling' Downs, near Dalby, and has been cele brated as a station property ever. since Queensland became a colony.! Hie accusation is that Samuel Grimier, whoj has been in the service of the Bells for 30' years, managed the dummying of a group of selections on behalf of the Bell family,] Advances to the amount of £9,870 were! made by the Bells to the selectors to initiate ? or facilitate selection, and the rest of the! money required to comply with the condi tions of the Land Act and complete the' purchase was obtained by Grimley from the' Brisbane directors of the company. The' Chief Justice finds that the dummying opera tions were illegal, that the titles issued by [ the Lands department and given by Grimley : to the bank as security are ;or ought to be): valueless, and that the four directors, know-; ing the operations to be illegal, are personally ; liable for the advances made to Grimley. The titles issued to the selectors have not been forfeited, but the absence of forfeiture does not seem to matter. AYhena Supreme Court judge enters upon the task of rectifying the' actions of men and laying burdens upon the j supposed wrongdoers, his judgments have: to be received with submission, and recon-! ciled as best they may with facts as they are. ? Should the Crown never move a step to revoke' the certificates and grants, and the whole of j the lands pass into the hands of die Bells or of Grimley (their trusty and well-beloved i servant), the view of the Court upon the i financial propriety of lending money upon! such security most remain the same. So if I Grimley, who draws a salary of £500 a year, cannot pay £66,864 8a. 2d., the directors who lent him the money will have to pay for him. There are various technical questions in volved-the right of the plaintiffs to apsend their pleadings during the progress of the trial, when they saw that unless they amended they would fail ; and the right of the judge to ignore the findings of the jury, after referring the issues to them (with reservations), which seems never to hare been done More, The judge explains that he took a short cut to justice and finality in order to save expense and to avoid a series Of abortive jury trials. Bnt the litigation may go on for years, for there will next bean appeal to the Full Court, and I after that an appeal to the Privy CounciL Sir JohnFojrrest, the West Australian Premier, annonnces that his Government intends {withthe assent of the Legislature, which ha® yet to be obtained) to offer tempt ing terms to pwple with little or no means to settle on the land. It fa in part an immi gration scheme, and therefore the money require! to work it will come out of the im migration vote. Most new countries ate content to offer small settlers a homestead ftee pt chfitge on condition that the holder «atdes aiid cultivates. Bnt this «"W8b for Western ? direst has no doubt §^Wu^*po9|^|i6t pegging the Va^ ^ to <be ground. mfNflfiHMMP f®. applicant a @ ooly payment fSlhio lead him £50ta m* }**»»*> and after ha lias or %»dw in cultivation ft to him a sum equira afiSP' ap to em. »yvwTw TOtte;:the country. When » i« fol4l«cali fca;re lOO acrea ot land fof ! nothing. and that he nil! receive assistance j to the extent of £150 from the public foods | at the rate erf 5 per cent, per annum, a great ? many will decide to come.'- The Premier ; sees his way to sparing £39,009 from the . immigration fund for the making of ad . vanoes: in other words, he calculates the i number of applicants at 2.000 per annum, 1 and as the offer will be open to present in ' habitants as well as new-comers, no doubt | the list will soon fill up. Thpse who are . here and those who come here will be treated j in precisely the same way. Anyone who | cares to do so may even give up his present ; fann and take advantage of the new system. ' There will be frothing to prevent his taking ; up other land under the regulations on which | to keep his stock or extend his operations." i Tiie offer is undoubtedly "liberal" in the ' sense in which that term is generally used in! ! politics in these days ; and if Western A us- j ' tralia is to go ahead quickly, population ' must be introduced. But if Sir John Forrest j does not take care most of the money may be i snapped up by people in the colony Already,! so that he will hare laid out three-fifths of j his immigration fund without having intro- j ; duced any immigrants. The bid ought to be ; very tempting to the £ons of farmers in the old country (especially Ireland) and in the > Australian colonies which have been long ' settled. Some may think die blocks small, . but in the past a great mistake has been j made in inducing selectors to grab hold of i much'more land than they could possibly ' handle without getting over head and ears : in debt. On the other hand, a 1 GO-acre ; holding to keep a family would need to be near market, unless the occupant can revive , the old customs of living and working that enabled a family to maintain itself without sending to town for most ot its household wants. The Earl of Glasgow no doubt came out fully prepared for the correspondence which lias taken place between the Ballanee Minis try and himself, as Governor of New Zealand, m regard to the proposed swamping of the Legislative Council. His predecessor, the Earl of Onslow, withdrew in time to avoid j handling the awkward question. His Excel- j Iency has refused to appoint 12 new members, | but was willing to appoint nine, which would j have brought parties nearly level, yet not j given Ministets the majority they requite to j run through the Upper House some of the , sweeping measures the Lower House passed j last year. Very interesting constitutional questions are involved. For example, is the Governor bound in such a case to accept the advice of his Ministers, and put tiie Council under water, to please the majority of the moment in the House of Re presentatives ? Clearly, if an affirmative answer be given, the safeguard against hasty legislation provided for by the constitution would be gone, and the permanent interests of the country would be at the disposal of one House, elected at a period of excitement upon issues perhaps which the country had only half considered, or not considered at all. The people deliberately resolving to hare a single chamber of legislation is one thing, and the Ministry securing it by a sudden exercise of power is another. Mr. Ballanee urges that because his Hon Be is of the same mind this session that it was last, this brief constancy proves that the country is with it. The argument is absurd. Of course, the House thinks in the same way now as it did in the beginning of 139L "Were a new House or a succession of new Houses to vote the same measures as the House elected in 1891, Mr. Ballanee would have grounds for contending that the country has positively decided.. But the votes of House No. 1 mean no more in session B or C than they do in session A. If the Council is to be made to correspond with the Lower House after even- general election, then in effect a general election for the House of Representatives would be a general election for both Houses, and the advantages of the bicameral system as a check upon gusts of passion would be gone. And each time the electors of the House of Representatives changed their mind, fchesee-saw in Council would have to change too, till in time its mem bers would come to benumbered by hundreds. The evil principle inlhepolitics of fcMja? is ; impatience. As soon as any shallow or im petuous meri think of some new expedient 'they most have it Med. Most of tiie "novelties" that oocurto Parliamentary candidates and labour, leaden are 'old, old suggestions; but as such persons do not -<ce»d tftqr are not aware that the}'are handling tags and scraps. Under the existing system, a new experiment in legislation cannpt be tried until public opinion has been convinced that it is worth trying, and so changes come about slowly and gradually. The democracy of the hour, which does iaotllfinlc and wilfully declined to look at objections, chafes at delay, igid has riot the industry or the perseverance to examine and to prove. Quack remedies, equally with good remedies, they would dm into the body politic, and let the body politic take the consequences. A strong physiqiie would come through the otdeal alive and fairly well; ft weakone would break down. The constitution under which we live assumes that rash experiments would be dangerous. There has therefore to be #om6 thinking before ariy datyjeroaa experiment ti&A; be risked. The history of alt Australasian Igi&tfeoft; that, instead*)! less1 bfctriort befowlntttl acts. A repofrd , 'Wfld of trying one thuo^ wday morrow j tod here tfce^ head of -cattle irilk forces are quit* as rompler aTthT^^T actions of a mob of cattle. ,k,n8 In forming bis Ministry Mr. Gladstone Usa evidenUv kept as closely as possible t-> old lines. His sliort-Hved Cabinet of IWi con sisted of fourteen member*, and of these AlfkrPn am V* *' -i "«u vi \aea eleren are to be foun'l in the ntv Admiirv 'ration. Of the other three-Earl Granville is dead, Mr. Childera has retired from poii. tical life in consequence of ill-health, an(j Sir. James Stanafeld is probablf omitted on account of his advanced age. Mr. Shaw Lefevt* was not in the 188G Blinistty, as he failed to obtain a seat at the general election in 1885, but he was Postmaster-General in the previous Gladstone Cabinet from November 1834, to June, 1885; and Dr. James Bryce' Mr. H. It Fowler, and Mr. Arnold Moriey all held office under Mr. Gladstone in 188G though without seats in the Cabinet The only two members of the new Cabinet who have not before held office are Mr. Arthur Acland and Mr. Herbert Asqaith, the latter representing the most advanced Radicalism that has gained recognition in the higher ranks of the Administration. 7 h; T>m?< has called the new Ministers extinct volcanoes, and this title mar certainly be applied to such ancient politicians as Lord Kimberley, Lord Ripon, Mr. Mnndella, and Mr. Sliaw' Lefevre, to say nothing of Mr. Gladstone and his lieutenant, Sir William Harcourt. Mr. John Moriey and Dr. Bryce are dis tinguished literary men, bnttt remains to be seen whether they will make good adminis trators. Few books show a wider and deeper theoretical knowledge of every branch of statesmanship than the American Commor rrealth, but experience proves that this kind of knowledge is not often found combined with practical ability, and in any case'it seems a pity that one who can do such excel lent literary work as Dr. Bryce should be condemned to exercise his talents in depart mental drudgery that could probably be I better done by a very inferior man. Of the | rest of the Cabinet it may be said that nose | of them rise above mediocrity, except Lord i Herscbell, Lord Rosebery, Sir George Treve! I yan, and Mr. Asquith. Hie present Ministry i is by no means one of all the talents, and in ! general political capacity it tanks far Mo* ! Mr. Gladstone's ill-starred Administration o£ ! I8S0-S3, which included Lord Selborae, Lord ! Harrington, Mr. Chamberlain, and Sir ! Charles Dilke. The most notable features in. ' the new Ministry fire negative rather than ! positive, and cohort in the omission from I the Cabinet of any representatives of the ' Irish and labour parties, the latter being re presented only by Mr. Thomas Burt, who holds a junior position in the Ministry. The labour party, notwithstanding its increased strength in this Parliament, has thus ob tained no greater recognition by Mr. Glad stone than it, had in 1636, when Mr. Broad hurst received the appointment of Under Secretary for the Home department. Mr. Laboachere thinks that he ought to have been included, "but he is probably almost alone in this opinion, and the Ministry is not likely to be weaker for the absence of the society journalist who; has never been regarded by anybody as ft serious politician. In the distribution of portfolios the most un satisfactory appointment is that of Lord Ripon to the Colonial Office. He has neyer shown any political or administrative capacity, and bis tenure of office as \ iceroy of India was one of the least successful of recent times. Lord Ripon, who, it will be remembered, went over to the Church o. Rome 18 years ago, has, in tact, hitherto been known as simply a pliant instrument in the hands of Mr. Gladstone, and that, no doubt, is his principal recommendation to his chief at the present juncture. Few recent events have caused such excite ment in academic circles as the celebration of the tercentenary of Trinity College, Dublin, All the most famous seats of learning in the world, from the venerable corporations of Oxford, Cambridge, and Paris to the newest foundations in Canada, Australia, sad India, sent delegates, and the unparalleled sight was witnessed of the official heads of the great English universities, preceded by the bedells with mace, walking the streets of the Irish capital. JSJany persons will perhaps wonder fvhat there waa in the event to give zv6 to ao mncb stir. The reason is to be found in the remarkable position held by the Dublin College in the learned world of to-day, and ft? brilliant career daring the three centuries of Ms existence. The main facta in the hlstory wf the college are well told in an interesting article in ti&Ninettenth; Otnitay for Jnly by Professor J. P. Mahaffy, himself by no means the least distinguished of the many eminent scholars who have been connected with ^he institution. The professor rema&B; ithat amenities, like vine, seem to require keeping, and that there is no greater quality in s aeat of learning than to be long established and to have old and consistent tcftditions and fi gwat heritage of acquired h&btte;, Unlike Oxford and Cambridge, Pnblin, ym from firrt # Protectant seat of learning, and it has done perhapsironstllto any Bther institution to uphold tiie prestige of Irish Protestantism. The college wasvirtuallythe creation of the city pf DnMm, whioh««nted a site, and the building was erected uhtefly «« energy ofoae ot two cittern, notably Hew Challoner, who collected Roj«1 charter fe l^jb ^nabWed the * " Ulster, «otr trorth at leas' science are enrolled among its graduates. It is only necessary to mention the names of Usslier, Swift, Berkeley, Burke, and in more rccent times Bartholomew Lloyd, Edward Jlinckfl, Bomney Robinson, Rowan Hamil ton, Archer Butler, and Dr. Salmon, the present provost, as men who, as Professor Jlahaffy says, have been " an intellectual power in England and on the Continent, as well as in Ireland." 