The Shadows on the W-~ Wall. BY DILLON HUBBARD KEB NAN. While travelling from fiurgo to at. rani recently 1 became acquainted with a rating man who had been farming in Dakota and was on Uis way to bis old home ire New York. “ Yes,” lie said, as he lit a cigar and took the scat in front of mine, “ I have a ranch out here in Dakota near Park River, but I have.left it for ever.” “The climate is unsatisfactory, perhaps7” I suggested. “ Ob, I can stand the climate, but”— He hesitated and looked out cE the car window sc the prairie unrolling itself b«/or» him as the train sped on. “ I can stand the climate,” be Continued “ but I can’t stand—spectres J” I gave a start. What 1 This g'.*at, stra, ping young fellow, seemingly in the full rapture and radiance of health, afraid of ghosts! Was he drunk? Was he de mented ? Or was he aimply acting a redicu lous role ? I looked at him a little suspiciously. He saw the look and laughed. ' “ Ob, I’m all right,” he remarked ; “ but maybe you would like to know why I spoke of spectres just now?” “ Yes.” “ Well, then, to begin : I went to Dakots I in 1S85—having been driven to the step by I the fact that I had dropped the most of my little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I bought a farm in the vicinity of Park river, not far from the Manitoba line. It’s a great .grain country up there—produces colossal crops.of No. 1 bard wheat when cyclones, droughts, frosts, "bail storms, or prairie fires don’t prevent. Listening “Yes—certainly.” ■ “ There was an old tw’o-storey frame houss on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent- a good many dollars In getting it made habitable. Finally, oni dreary October day I moved in, with tbs help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack —a black fellow who had drifted down that way from Winnipeg, and who had formerly been a slave in South Carolina. “ He arranged the furniture,builtaroaring fire on the hearth, cooked my supper, and started to leave. *“I want your help right along, Jack,’ 1 said, 4 so you may as well remain. You can have the attic room, and’— “ ’ Gosh amitey, boss I’ exclaimed Jack.bii ebony face taking on a look of terror* 4 Gosh amitey 1 Wouldn’t sleep in dis heah house fer nuffin in de worl’.’ “‘Why?’ ...... 44 4 Kase hit’s got ‘de’—and his voice fell to a low, creepy whisper—4 hit’s got de •'4 Bosh I What put such a foolish idea as that in your head ?’ ■ 44 4 ’Sense me, boss, but hit am no foolish ness. De man what built dis house kim a stagg’rin* home one night and wus nebber seed er-gin. No, sah ! Nebber seed er-gin.” “ * Was he a bachelor V f “‘No, sah. Ho wus a marr’d man, an his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a’ter that night.’ “4 Strange 1* 44 ‘ Yaas, boss, pow’ful strange. Jn* when de banker what bed de mortgage on de place kim hyar for his money he foun’ blood on de flo’, sha, blood on de walls, blood, on de hyarth I Den a fambly fttm Gyafton dey moved in, but dey moved out er-gin, quicker’n quick.’ “‘Why?’ 44 4 Yo’ll fin’ out why ef yo’ stay heah twell mawnin’*’ 44 4 Fiddlesticks 1 Here, take your money and come back to-morrow.’ He thanked me sombrely and went hji way. “The dusk; grew on. The clouJs trailed low over the limitless sweep of treeless prairies. The winds went whuddering ronnd and round the house. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on the panes. I partook of roy supper, then drawing my chair before the fire rqfttl until a late hour. The clock was on The j stroke of twelve when 1 went to heel. The I light of the lire made the room ss-lightas i though I had left my lamp still burning. I 1 lay with my face turned towards’the farther j wall. Suddenly I saw the shadows of a roan | and woman on its white, unbroken surface, j I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round j the apartment. It was empty—empty; br.i j it in an occult way. I watched the phantom j pair—watched them, with.-a. nameless fear j and fascination. The man was dal!, slender, | straight as an Indian arrow. He were a’soiuVj hrero and a cloak, the corners of which wars thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly cn Ids breast. HU atti tude bespoke pride, scorn, ferocity. The woman was kneeling at bis feet, with bowed bead aud fingers locked. “The man finally turned away "with a haughty air. The woman , rose to her feetf reeled for a moment, and followed him— j followed him swiftly with open, outstretched, j hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, | seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger I in her heart. )■ “ The flames leaped up, shone redly for ona j flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. “Isprang from my bed and lit the lamp., ‘I must have been dreaming,’ I remarked to myself; but the strange, unearthly vision came again and again, n:ght after night— came when I was as wideawake as I am at' the present moment- came when I was alone and when I had the companionship of friends. “ I am no spiritist, no believer in the sup ernatural, but I am puzzled by the phenom enon of which I speak. A phenomenon that has finally driTen me from my ranch. I shall never return to it.” He turned his face to the car window as he spoke, rfhd looked dreamily out at the eternal beauty of the sod and sky. A young man having remarked that the sight of certain fruit made, his, mouth water, an old toper who stood by ex claimed • “ Well! if there’s anything that’ll make my. mouth ivalir, 1 don't want to see it!” “What’S an island?” asked the teacher of a school, of the class in geography. “The Island is where they send Tim Failey’s father when he gets drunk,” answered the head boy. A yonng wife, who had married a physician and was much given to boasting of her husband’s wonderful professional skill, said to a circle of friends one clay : “ Why I lie cured a patient of convalescena in less than twenty-four hours i” Couldn’t he Otherwise—“ look ? look! •* said the prosecuting attorney in his speech to the jury, “ at that man. He is the very epitome of a villain, a smooth face, a smooth tongue, a smooth manner, a—” “ Of course,” interrupted the prisoner’s counsel, “ the man couldn’t be otherwise than smooth. He was ironed before he came into Equal Sauce and Solid—“You sec,’ said an English gentleman, who washandling his dinner with a wonderful appetite, to a Scotchman dining at the same table. “ I take a great deal of butter to my fish.” “ Ay,” said the Scotchman. “ an’ a deevilish deal o’ fish to your butter, too 1 ” “ What does p. d. q. mean, pa ?” asked little Johnny, who is quick at picking up things be shouldn’t. “ Itmeansthe way you will go upstairs to bed,’’ replied old Brown, “ if I hear another word out of you the whole evening.” He (making a long call)—“ What a very odd-looking clock, Miss Smith. Is it an heirloom V” She (suppressing a yawn)—“Oh, no ; it is a recent purchase of papa’s. He has a penchant for such things., I was about to call your attention to it.” A Wins Provision. — Two old men lamenting the changes that have taken. First Old Max (sadly)—“ I canuot enjoy myself now ns I could when I was a boy. I can’t eat half as much.” Second Old Max—“ I cannot eat as much now as I could when I was a boy, but J. re gard that as rather a wise provision.” “ Why so ? ” • “ Because I haven’t as much to eat.’: I 