CAULFIELD SHIRE COUNCIL, Wednesday, June 29. Present - Ors. Long (President), Lloyd. Wood, Akhurst, Cotton, Pennington. Holland Kirkham, Looker, Griffln. Riddell, and Sharp. CORRESPONDENCE. From Moorabbin Shire Council, agreeing to share cost of culverts in North Road.-Received. From W. M. Elkins, on behalf of W. J. Bisdie asking council's consent to alignment of Warragul Road. Referred to engineer. From Victorian Railways forward ing report re drainage at Kambrook road crossing.-Referred to Engi neer. From same, declining to move mound of red marl at Caulfield rail way station.-Received and left to engineer to use his influence with the Commissioners and to state it would give employment to unskilled laborers. From same declining to reduce account in connection with drainage works at Elsternwick Station,-Re ceived: From Western Distriot League, asking co-operation;', re proposed export duty on sheepskins, --Left to :Ors. Penninitdiiand Wood. From M. I. Clifford, drawing at tention to insuificieint drainage on Point Nepean Road.-Referred to Engineer. Fromfesse Sanitary Co., re night soil removal and destruction stating they were still prepared to. carry out their conitract at 26s. per pan per annum for first three years and 23s. per pan afterwards.-Received and deferred for further consideration. REPORTS. Finance Committee recommended payment of accounts amounting to £2891 19s. Sd. as also that tenders be called for 600 yards of spalls such to be broken by ratepayers and resi dents who at present are numbered amongst theunemployed.-Adopted. Public Works Committee's report induced some considerable discussion eventually Cr. Cotton moved and Cr. Wood seconded that the report be received and adlopted except the clause dealing with nightsoil, The committee recominended that Mr. P. Meaney's tender for the removal of excreta at £1 perpan per annum for 4 years. He agreeing to find a site and trench the nightsoil on a similar plan to that ado ted by Moorabbin, It was decided lo call for tenders for the removal of nightsoil. Mr. Derham ported the receipt of £3u7 and M Power of £30 3s, 8d. for rates.- ceived and adopt ed, TENDERS.. . The following tenders were accept ed-For supplying 20 lamps, 0. Oakley, £35; for supplying 25 lan terns, J. Newing, £15 12s. Gd; works in Meaney street, J. Ilbery, £75 19s. 3d; do in Malvern Grove, B. Brown, £59 5s.; reconstructing Koomang road, Meade and Sons, £258; constructing drain through Snowden's paddock, J. Ilbery, £105: 16 chains of channelling Glen Hnnt ly road, J. Ilbery, £45; forming and paving lane off Kooyong road, 0\. 5. Williams, £49 19s.; and Lane off Hartington street, Walker £20. MISCELLANEOUS. An application from Mr. Power, for the use of the shire hall for a concert next month in aid of the dis tressed was granted. Several unim portant,works were ordered to be doneandthesecretary'sexplanationre Horns's arrears was considered satis factory. TAT ..GOST. Cr. Sharp moved, and oCr. Kirk ham seconded that a reward of £5 be offered'fort the capture of the person playing ghost. This was opposed by Ors. Wood Cotton, and rejected by the President who said the council had no power to vote money for that purpose. Cr. Wood then moved and Cr. Cotton secondea whiih was car ried amidst general confusion, that the Chief Inspector of Police be asked to grant extra police protection. During the discussion it was stated that the ghost was not a myth, that ladies and children were terrified, that a certain policeman had thought he had found the ghost but it turned out to be only a white-faced cow,and last of all it was said that a women had lost her life through the ghost and if so, should the person playing ghost be caught he would have to answer a very serious charge. 