Invitation to a Wedding. BY THE REV. T. DE WITT TALMAGE, D.D. "Come ; for all things are now ready."-ST. LUKE xiv., Holy festivities to-day. We gather other sheaves into the spiritual garner. Our joy is like the joy of heaven. Spread the banquet, fill all all the chalices. We are not to-day at the fanerai of a dead Christ; we are celebrating the marriage of the King's Son. It was an exciting time in English history when Queen Elizabeth visited Lord Leicester at KENILWORTH CASTLE. The clocks m all'the towers and throughout the castle were stopped at the moment of her arrival, so continuing to point to that moment as the one ' surpassing all others in interest. The door of the great banqueting hall was opened. The Queen marched in to the sonnd of the trumpets. Four hundred servants waited upon the guests. It was a scene that astonished all nations when they heard of it. Five thousand dollars a day did the . banquet cost as it went on day after day. She was greeted to the palace gates with floating! islands, and torches, and the thunders of cannon, ' and fireworks that set the night ablaze, and a burst of music that lifted the whole scene into j enchantment. Beginning in that way, it went on j from joy to joy, and from excitement to excite- ! ment, and from rapture to rapture. That was the ! great banquet that Lord Leicester spread in Kenilworth Castle. But to-day, my brothers and sisters, I invite you to a grander entertainment. My Lord, the King, is the banqueter. Angels of God are the cup-bearers, all the redeemed are the guests; the halls-of eternal love froBcoed with light, and paved with,joy* and curtained with unfading beauty are the banqueting place, the 'harmonies of eternity --ore; the music, the chalices y of God are the plate, and I am one of the servants come out with INVITATIONS TO ALL THE PEOPLE, and oh, that you might break the seal of the in- vitation and read in in ic of blood, and with the tremulous hand of a dying Christ : " Come ; for all things are now ready." Sometimes there have been, great disappoint- ments at a banquet. The wine has failed, or the servants have been rebellious, or tho lights have gone out; but I walk all around the banqueting table of my Lord to-day and I find everything complete, and I swing open the door of this ban- queting house and I say: "All things are now ready." Illustrating my text, I go on and in the first place say that the Lord Jesus Christ is ready. I have to tell you that our banqueter, the Lord Jesus Christ, comes in at the beginning of the feast. Aye, he has been waiting for his guests, waiting with mangled feet, waiting with hand on his punctured side, waiting with hand on the lacerated temples, waiting, waiting! Wonder it is that the ban- queter did not get weary and say, "Shut the door, and let the laggards stay out." No, ha has been waiting. How much he is in earnest ! Shall I showyou? I gather up all the tears that flooded his cheek in sympathy, ali the blood that channelled his brow and back and hand and foot, to purchase our redemption. I gather up all the groanB coming from midnight chill and mountain hunger and desert loneliness, and I put them into one bitter cry-I gather up all the pangs that shot from cross and spike and spear, into one groan-I take one drop of sweat on his brow, and I put it under the glass of the gospel, and it enlarges to lakes of sorrow, to oceans of agony. That Christ to-day, emaciated and worn and weary, comes here, and with a pathos in which every word is a heartbreak and every sentence a martyrdom, he says to you and he says to me : " Come j for all things are now ready;" Ahasuerus made A FEAST THAT LASTED 180 DATS. This lasts for ever. Lords and princes were in- vited to that. You and I are invited to this. Tes, hB has been waiting, he is waiting now. Other kings wrap themselves in robes of beauty and power before they come into a banquet. So does Christ. Oh, he . is the fairest of the fair ! In his hand is the omnipotent power that opened blind eyes and straight- ened crooked limbs and hoisted the pillars of heaven, and swung the 12 gates which are 12 pearls. Oh, what a Christ-a Christ of beauty, a Christ of power ! There are not enough cups on earth to dip up this ocean of beauty. There are not ladders to scale these heights of love. Oh, thou flower of eternity, thy breath is the perfume of heaven ! Oh, thou day- break of the soul, let all nations clap their hands in thy radiance! Chorus! Come, men and angels and cherubim and seraphim and archangel, all heights, all depths, all immensities ! Chorus ! Boll on through the heavens in chariot of univer- sal acclaim, over bridges of hosanna, under arches of coronation, by the towers chiming with eternal chorus ! " Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in his own blood, and made ns kings and priests unto God, to him be glory for ever and ever." Ah ! there is one word of five letters that I would like to write; but I have no sheet fair enough to write it on,, and no pencil good enough to inscribe it. Give me a sheet from the heavenly records, and some pencil used by an angel in describing a victory, and then with hand struck with supernatural energy, and with pencil dipped in everlasting morning, I will write it out in capitals of love - J-E-S-U-S - Jesus! It ÍB this ONE THAT IS "WATTING FOE YOU and for me, for we aro on the same platform before God. How. long he waited for me ! How long he has waited for you ! Waiting as a banqueter waits for hiB delayed guests, the meats smoking, and the beakers brimming, and the minstrel with his finger on the stiff string ready to strike at the first clash of the hoofs at the gateway. Waiting as a mother waits for a boy that lOyears ago went off dragging her bleeding heart after him. Wait- ing. Oh, can you not give me some comparison intense enough, importunate . enough, high as heaven, deep aa hell, and vast as eternity? Not expecting that you can help me with suck a com- parison. I simply say he is waiting as only an all-sympathetic Christ knows how to wait for a wandering soul. Bow the knee and kiss tho Son, Come and welcome, sinner, come. . But I remark, again, not only Christ is waiting, but the Holy Spirit is waiting. Why aro some sermons a dead failure ? Why are there songs that do not get their wings under the people ? Why are there prayers that go no higher up than a hunter's halloo ? Because THERE IS A MISSING LINK - that only the Holy Spirit can make. If that spirit should come through this assemblage, there would he a power felt like that when Saul was unhorsed on the road to Damascus, like as when Lydia's heart was opened in her fine store, like as when 3000 souls were lifted out at midnight into midnoon at the Pentecost. Do you notice that sometimes that spirit takes an insignificant agency to save a soul ? I think it is very often that by just one passage of Scripture, just one word of Scripture, a soul is saved because the Holy Spirit gives it supernatural power. Do you know what it was that saved Martin Luther ? It was that one verse,." The just shall live by faith." Do you know what it was that brought Augustine from his horrible dissipations P It was that one verse, " Put ye on the Lord Jesus Christ, and make no provision for the flesh, to fulfil the lusts thereof." Do you know what it was that saved Hedley Vicars, the celebrated soldier ? It was the one passage, '* Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved." Do you know what it was that brought Jonathan Edwards to Christ? It was the one passage, " Now unto him be glory for ever and ever." One thanksgiving morning in church I read my text, " Oh, give thanks unto the Lord for he is good," and a young man stood in the gallery and said to himself : "I have never rendered one ac- ceptable offering of gratitude to God in all my life. Here, Lord, I am thine for ever." By that one passage of Scripture he was brought into the kingdom, and, if I might tell my own experience, I might mention how one Sabbath afternoon I was brought to THE PEACE OF THE GOSPEL by reading of the Syro-Phcenician's cry to Christ where she said: "Even the dogs eat of the crumbs that fail from the master's table." Philo- sophic sermons never saved anybody. Metaphy- sical sermons never saved anybody. An earnest plea going right out of the heart blessed of the Holy Ghost, that is what saves, that is what brings people into the kingdom of Christ. I suppose the world thought that Thomas Chalmers preached great sermons in his* early ministry ; But Thomas Chalmers Bays he never preached at all until, years after he had occupied a pulpit, he came out of his sick room, and, weak and emaciated, he stood and told the story of Christ to the people. And in the great day of eternity it will' be found that not so much the eloquent sermons brought men to Christ as the story told, perhaps, by those who were unknown on earth, the simple-story of the. Saviour's love and mercy, sent by the power of the Holy Ghost straight to the heart. Come, Holy Ghost. Ay, he is here. He fills the place. I tell you the Holy Ghost is, ready. Then I go on and tell you THE CHURCH IS READY. There are those here who say : " No one cares for my soul." We do care for it. You see a man bowing his head in prayer, and you say : " That man is indifferent." The man bows his head in prayer that tho truth may go to every heart. The air is full of prayers. They are going up from this assembly. Hundreds of prayers straight to the throne of a listening God. The air is full of prayers-prayers ascending all over this land, going up from praying circles. Yea, there is not a minute of an hour of any day that there are not prayers ascending to the throne of mercy. The church is ready. And if you should mw start to your Father's house, there would be hundreds and thousands who would say if they knew it : " Make room for that man, make room for him; give him full right to all the privileges of the church of Jesus Christ." I know there are those who say the church is a mass of hypocrites, but they do not really think s*o.. It is a glorious church. Christ, purchased it. Christ built it. Come into it. Come into it. I did not pick out this man or that man and say :' " You may come." I say all may come-"whosoever will." "Come with.us and we will do you good. For the Lord hath pro- mised good concerning Israel." Do not sav vou have never been invited. I INVITE YOU NOW to the King's feast. One and all. All Ï But I go further and tell you that the angels are ready. Some people think when we speak about angels we are get- ting into the region of fancy. They say it is very well for a man when he has just entered the ministry to preach about the angels of heaven, but after he has gone on further it is hardly worth while. My friends, there is not any more evidence in the Bible that there is a God than that there are angels. Did they not swarm round Jacob's ladder P When Lazarus's soul went up, did they not escort it ? Did not David say : " The chariots of God are 20,000, even thousands of angels ?" Are they not represented as the chief harvesters of the judgment day P Did not one angel in one night slay 180,000 of Senna oherib'a troops? Oh, yes, oar world is in com munication with two other worlds. All that communication is by angels. When abad man is to die, a man who has despised God and rejected the Gospel, the bad spirits come on sulphurous wings and they lay hold of him, and try to push him off che precipices into the abyss, and then they lift a guffaw of diabolical exultation. But there isa line of angels, bright and beautiful and loving angels, mighty angels reaching all tho way from earth to heaven, and at times whon others gather like them I suppose the air is full of them. They hover. They flit about. They help in tho war against iniquity. They are ready to rejoice, ready to bear the tidings, and ready to drop the benediction. But I go further and say that YOUR GLORIFIED KINDRED ARE READY. I have not any sympathy with modern spirit- ualism» I believe it is born in perdition. When I see the ravages it mates with human intellects,, when I see the homes it has devastated, when I see the bad morals that very of ten follow in ita wake, I have no faith in modern, spiritualism. I think if John Milton and George Whitfield have not anything better to do than to crawl under Rochester tables and rattle the leaves, they had better stay home in glory. But the Bible distinctly teaches that the glorified in heavon ¿re in sym- pathy with our redemption. "There is joy in heaven among the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth," and if the angels hear it, do not our departed kindred there hear it ? There are those there who toiled for your salvation, and when they bade you good-bye in the last hour, and they said, " Me«t me in heaven," there was hovering over the pillow the awful possibility that you might not meet. But oh, the pathos when that hand was thrust out from the cover, and they said good-bye. For how long was it good-bye ? Now, Buppose you pass into the kingdom of God at once. Suppose you should say, "I am done with the sins of this world-fie upon all these follies. O Christ, I take thee now, I take thy ser- vice, I respond to thy love, thine am I for ever " -why, before the tear of repentance had dried on your cheek, before your first prayer had closed, the angel standing, with the message for thy soul would cry upward, "He is coming !" ,A11 along the lino of light the news would go upward till it reached the gate, and then it would flash to the house of many mansions, and your kindred before the throne would say, "Rejoice with me, my prayers are answered. Give me another harp with which to strike the joy. Saved, saved, saved!" . Now, my friends, if Christ is ready, and the Holy Ghost is ready, and the Church is ready, and ; the angels of God are ready, and your glorified kindred are ready, ' ARE YOU READY ? I press with all the emphasis of my soul the question, " Are you ready ?" If you do not get into the King's feast it will be because you do not accept the earnest invitation. Arm stretched out soaked with blood from elbow to finger- tip, lips quivering in mortal anguish, two eyes beaming everlasting love while he says, "Come, for au things aro now ready." At Kenilworth Castle, I told you, they stopped the clocks when Queen Elizabeth arrived, that tho hand of time might point to that moment as the most significant and tremendous; but if this morning the King should enter the castle of your soul, well might you stop all the clocks and have the finger of time pointing to this moment as the one most stupendous in all your lifo. Would that I could come all through these aisles and all through these galleries, not addressing you per- functorily, but taking you by the hand as a brother takes a brother by the hand, and say to one and all, to each : " Come,, come, the door is open, enter now and sit down at the feast," Old man, God has been waiting for thee long years. Would that some tear of repentance might trickle down thy wrinkled cheek ! Has not Christ" done enough in feeding thee and clothing thee all these years to win from thee ono word of gratitude ? Come, all the young. Chrißt is the fairest of the fair. Wait not tili thy heart gets hard. COME, THE FURTHEST AWAY from Christ. Come now, to-day, and get- his par- don, and its strength. He knows all the story of thy sin. He will wash away thy sin, and he will throw around thee the robe of his pardon. Christ waits for thee. And self righteous man, feeling thyself all right, having no need of Christ, no need of pardon, no need of help-O self-righteous marr! dost thou think in those rags thou canst enter the feast? Thou canst not. God's servant at the gate would tear off thy robe and leave theo naked at the gate. O self-righteous man ! Come to the feast; Repent of thy sin, take Christ for thy portion. Day of grace going away. Shadows on the cliff reaching further an* *srther over the plain. The banquet haB already B^un. Christ has entered into that banquet to-which you are invited. 'The guests are taking their places. The servant of the King has his hand on the door of the banquet- ing room. Now is your time to' go in. Now is my time to enter. I must go in. You must go in. The door is just ajar. After awhile it will be f or ever shut ! "Why will ye waste on trifling earea> That life which God's compassion spares ? While in the endless round «sf thought The ono thing needful is forgot. Special collections for the poor were taken up at the Woollahra Presbyterian Church on Sun- day, the 17th, amounting to* ¿£21, and the money has been divided between tho Sydney City Mission, the Charity Organisation Society, ana the poor of the Woollahra parish. The committee of the New Zealand Wesleyan Conference is pushing forward the question of aa j extension of the itinerancy beyond the three years' limit, a bill having been prepared, of which the Premier of New Zealand, the Hon. J. Ballance, will take charge and conduct through tho Assembly. It is said that there is "no oppo- sition" to this action, and it is hoped by many that the bill will pass in time to admit of its pro- visions being brought into operation at the nexfi conference. 