Ilumuorous. 'osnspartrso?,. She glanced at the rige m-b"" ^"' A diamond which he had placed therc The stone shone as' true As her faireyes of blue, And the gold was a match to Iher hair. She smiled us she thought Its radinnce broueht, And whispered in sweet accents low, " Oh, thank you, dear Fred ; 'Tis lovely I" she said ; , " Mfuch nicer than Tom gave, you know.' It Was Probably an Oversight.--Mrs Porcine hits a very pronounced idea of the proprietles of life. A few days ago, while at the races, Mr. Brown passed them, but his polite bow met with only a frigid stars. "Why, mamma," exclaimed Miss Porcins, "you did not bow to Mr. Brown I" ' My dear," returned Mrs. Porcine, calmly,"we cannot Aiford to recognine Mr. Brown any more. Ie has neglected ', observe one of the proprieties of life." " Why, what do you mean, mmma ? When he went into mourning I thought he attended to everything." "No dear, io did not." The young lady woo thouglhtful a moment, and then asked, "Isn't tio black border on his calling cards wide enough ?" i Oh, yes, that's all right." "You never saw him without a black, bordered handkerchief, did you ?" " No." "Is the hand on the hat too narrow 1" "No ; that's wide enouglh." - " Perhlps," suggested Mr, Porcino, ear, cost l iiv 1 00 1it to wear a black border on is o r noay er i r in his necktie." MIrs.Porcine did not deign to notice this remark, but said to her daughter, " "o; we cannot afford to notice him. The fact is, I saw one of his businres cards yesterday, ani it was plain white-not even a narrow border of black." "No ?" in surprise. " Indeed it's as I say," " I ow horrible I" Nine Things a Baby can do -It can bheat any alarm clock ever invented in wok. Ing a family up in the morning. In a given time it con smash more dishes than the most industrious servant girl in the country. It can fall down oftener and with less pri. vocation than the most expert tumbles in the circus ring. It can make more genuino fuss over a simple brass pin than ts mother,, would over a broken back. It can choke itself black in the face with greater case than the most accomplished wrotch that ever was executed. It can keep a family in a constant tur. moll from morning till night, and night till morning, without once varying its time. It can be relied on to sleep peacefully nlc day when it's father is in town, and cry per. sistently at night when he is particularly sleepy. It may be the naughtiest, dirtiest, ugliest, most fretful baby in all the whole world, but you never can make its mother believe it, and you had better not try. It can be a lchrming and model infant when no one is about, but when visitors are present It can exhibit more had temper thou both of its parents put together. A Wife's Mistakeo,-A lady recently explored her lord's vest at about 4.30 n.m. Greatly to her astonishment, it contained a £5 note, together with a regulation sis. ender button and the customary night e" Aha," she said ; " he knoweth not that his vest containeth a £5 note, br,?ri"sa.when he came home he tried to light1'ioa.t oil?].i ' - cigar stump. I will take tb I shopping." Shle took the fiver and puth and three shillings, baekmona might not be too sorely Into his clothes and at. toil. "Thirteen shillings," h "thirteen shillings. Whly, I' the country's saved. Severe cases require severe remedies; but my wife will be the maddest woman in town when she finds she has given me thirteen shillings legal cur. rency for a counterfeit £5 note." Making a Settlomont. - "Yes, my friends told me they would settle the dillS culty with Jones for me, but I thought that I could settle it for myself." "And did yo ll" "No ;I didn't, though I tried to." "Then it wasn't settled ?" "Yes, it was." "Then your friends settled it, after all ?' "No they didln't," "Indeed I Then who settled it?'! "Jones did." " Satisfactorily I" " I suppose that it was, so far as Jones was conerneCd," "Didn't you gain anything at all by the settlement?" " Oh, yes ; I gained some experience." Why Editors Fall from Grace.?-Gentle reader, you sometimes wonder why newspaper' mon occasionally give way to passlon; you think it strange that they should not always be in the angelic mood in which you know them best, But Ii you were to write, " HIer dainty feet were encased in satin slippers that might have served for Titania's fairy boots," and to ind, upon reading the paper, that the compositor and proof.reader had entered into a horrible conspiracy, and trans. muted your delicate rhetoric into, " Her dirty feet were encased In satin slippers that might hove served for Titanic ferry.boats," wouldn't your amiability bounce and flutter like a squilb 1 . Zounds I the chances are that you'd break all the commandments, as Moses did, at once, and glare about for more. Ho's Tired of Camping Out.-" No, I don't want any more fishling and camping out in mine," said a swarthy young man on a Northwestern train. " I have just been to to the hotels for the rest of the stay. When dinner was reody nT went with the rest of ithe gesmtu; - and r ,tn0-l ead -woLeen... Imagneo.my discomilturo when the head waiter came around a little later and tapped me on the bshoulder, saying, loud enough for everybody in the room to hear, "Beg pahdo, sbh, but cullud pomsonas not 'lowed to cat at lest table in dis house." Thirtoen at Table. - "None of my patrons over order a dinner or lunch for thirteenr," said a wellknown aenterer, " Per. hnps it Is oat of respect for thu guests as It Is very hardl to sent a company of thirteen, There Is always one who prefers to wait, and usually some member of the family retires. At a recent hinel party ln one of our best famllie.s, a young lady insisted upon eating at a side table railer tlhan make a tolrteenor, fiho said she knew she wohl die boleforo tile year was out if she sat at the table." "Do educated Ipeople belieove there Is any. thing In this old superstition 1" 1" ei'orhnps not, but it makes them uncom. fortnble. I served a dihlnor last year where thirteen sat at table, and one of the gentle. men took down all the names with the date." "I Hvo any of them died ?" "I haven't heard of it. But then the ycear "Do you realnly believe that tlhere lI a fte . In it yourself ?" "N.o o, not exactly but strango tlhins do0 h opponaometimes. A thirten plato dinner/ never turns out welil." Look out for the man who beglnu ig loe Is net a bit sulpertletous. Iou la . . i lel a ghost story timat woull maker' oIrnnp and down the bha' - ie Sltayed Ilenuse I T Prthier (nt heand of the st,"' s; hint yoonog man goneyeC'a e yes, sir, antirely : daughter, sir. " L with her, sa'! ( " 