THE LAST OF THE OLD CHURCH CHOIR. IT happened on Sunday after Christmas —the last Sunday ever they played in I/ongpuddle Church gallery, as it turned out, though they didn't know it then. As you may know, sir, the players formed a very good band—almost as good as the Mellstock parish players that were led by the Dewys—and that's saying a great deal. There was Nicholas Puddingcome, the leader, with the first fiddle; there was Timothy Thomas, the bass viol man; John Biles, the tenor fiddler; Dan'I Horn head, with the serpent; Robert Dowdle, with the clarionet; and Mr Nicks with the oboe—all sound and powerful musicians, and strong-winded men—all they that blowed. For that reason they were very much in demand Christmas week for little reels and dancing parties; for they conld torn a jig or a hornpipe out of hand as well as ever they could turn out a psalm, and perhaps better, not to speak irreverent. In short, one half-hour they could be playing a Christmas carol in the squire's hall to the ladies and gentlemen, and drinking tay and coffee with 'em as modest as saints, and the next at the Tinkers' Arms, blazing away like wild horses with the " Dashing White Sergeant" to eight couple of dancers and more, and swallowing rum and cider hot as flame. Well, this Christmas they'd been out to one rattling kick- up after another every night, and had got next to no sleep at all. Then came the Sunday after Christinas, their fatal day. 'Twas so mortal cold that year that they could hardly sit in the gallery ; for though the congregation down in the body of the church had a stove to keep off the frost, the players in the gallery had none at all. So Nicholas said at morning service, when 'twas freezing an inch an hour, " Please the Lord I won't stand this numbing weather no longer; this afternoon we'll have something in our insides to make us .warm, if it costs a king's ransom." So he brought a gallon of hot brandy and beer, ready mixed, to church with him in the afternoon, and by keeping the jar well wrapped up in Timothy Thomas's bass-viol bag it kept drinkably warm till they wanted it, which was just a thimbleful in the absolution, and another in the cre?d, and the remainder at the beginning of the sermon. When they had the last pull they felt quite comfortable and warm, and as the sermon went on—most unfortunately tor 'em it was a long one that afternoon—they fell asleep, every ^"[man jack of 'em, and there they slept on as sound as rocks. 'Twas a very dark afternoon, and by the end of the sermon all you could see of the inside of the church were the parson's two candles alongside of him in the pulpit, and his facc behind 'em. The sermon being ended at last, the parson gave ont the Evening Hymn. But no choir set about sounding up the tune, and the people began to turn their heads to learn the reason why, and then Levi Limpet, a boy who sat in the gallery, nudged Timothy and Nicholas, and said. " Begin! begin " Hey ? what ?" says Nicholas, starting up, and the church being so dark and his head so muddled he thought he was at the party they had played at all the night before, and away he went, bow and fiddle, at " The Devil among the Tailors," the favourite jig of our neighbourhood at that time. The rest of the band, being in the same state of mind, and nothing donbting, foil owed their leader with all their strength, according to custom. They poured out that their tunc till the lower bass notes of " The Devil among the Tailors" made the cobwebs in. the roof shiver like ghosts ; then Nicholas, seeing nobody move, shouted (Hit as he scraped (in his usual commanding way at dances when the folks didn't know the figures), "Top couples cross hands, and when I make the fiddle squeak at the end, every man kiss his partner under the mistletoe." The boy Levi was so frightened that he bolted down the gallery stairs and out homeward like lightning. The parson's hair fairly stood on end when he heard the evil tune raging through the church, and thinking the choir had gone crazy, he held up his hand and said, " Stop, stop, stop! Stop, stop! What's this ?" Bat they didn't hear him for the noise of their own playing, and the more he called the louder they played. Then the folks came out of their pews, wondering down to the ground, and saying. What do they mean by such wickedness ? We shall be consumed like Sodom and Gomorrah." Then the squire came oat of his pew,which was lined with green baize, where lots of lords and ladies visiting at the house were worshipping along with them, and went and stood in front of the gallery, and shook his fist in the musicians* faces, saying. What! In this reverent edifice ! .What'." And at last they heard him through their playing, and stopped. "Never such an insulting, disgraceful thing—never!" says the squire, who couldn't rule his passion. " Never!" says the parson, who had come down and stood beside him. " Not if the angels of heaven." says the squire (he was .a wickedish man, the squire was, though now for once he happened to be on the Lord's side)—" not if the angels of heaven come down," he says, " shall one of you villainous players ever sound a'note in this church again for the insult to me and my family, and my visitors, and God Almighty, that you've a-perpetrated this afternoon." Then the unfortunate chnrch band came to .their KUW, and remembered where .they wetie.; and. "twas a . sight,to .see Nicholas Poddingcomhe and Timothy Thomas and John Biles creep down the gallery stairs with their fiddles under their arms, and poor Danl llornhead with his serpent, and Robert Dowdle with his clarionet, ail looking <u little ae ninepins, and out they went. The parson might have foegfed 'era when he learned the truth o't, but the squire would not. That very week he sent for a barrel organ that would play two-aadtwenty new psalm tunes so exact and particular that, however badly inclined you was, you could play nothing but psalm tones wfaabmmever. He had a rally respectable man to turn the winch, as I said, and the old players played warn I&ULC;'A BoiwnoK w Boiwcss. Isaac, instructing his son : " Ves you nO a capt to a man «ot.nali a coat, dot's nodding ; bat ven you a coat to a man vut daoM vaq t a cnat, dot's peexnia, my boy daft iie-noa! 1 ' —~ Wessex Folk, by Thomas Htrdj. 