JpLIIHOES glCOBBS. diaries Haddon Spurgeon. Bv Bet; W. Whaie. PrcacheJ in the City Tabernacle at the memorial \- •, service on Sunday, February 14. " In Him KJW lite and tie life was tlie light of Tnon."—John i- 4. 'Mr. "Whale said that he had been separated' from his people for 011I7 a brief time enjoying Lis holidays, yet the roll call of eternity had many naiues. among" them the Duke of Clarence, a prince of the realm, who was in the line of succession to the British throne and crown; also aprinceof thechnrchwho,aspreacher, priest, and cardinal, was an ornament to the position he held: another, a preacher in the ministry of healing, Dr. Jforvll Mackenzie, was widely known and liighly esteemed by rich and poor, find now the prince of preachers, mid one of the manliest of men—Charles Eaddou Spurgcon is numbered with the illustrious dead. Among the great ones none were greater than he: a greatness not of human birth or of eoclesiflstical titles, but of spiritual birth jmd pimple diirnitv and wliolc-heansd service. ** He that is greatest -among you shall bo vonr servant," said Jesus; and Charles Haddon Spurgeon had been a servant of the servants of Jesus Christ for a whole generation past. TTnrl I (gaid the preaoher) been unable to occupy this post of duty to-day,1 it would have been a grief to me, for I could not think silence becoming at sucli a time as this. For myself, I would prefer to be alone with God, and to let the great preaclier and dear loving friend speak to me out of the eternities into which he has c-ntercd. His eloquent silence is to me a mighty speech upon hnnuui frailty, manly virtue, and heavenly hope. But to you I would speak of him whom we all so lovingly esteem ; and I would that the spirit of God should make me equal to the theme. -It is no easy task. Mr. Spurgeon was to me more than a name, more than a preacher; he. was a friend, a benefactor, a brother, a pastor, a guide, and counsellor. Nearest was he, of all I know on earth, to my ideal of Christ. I knew his face and form and forcible utterance, and manly sociability, and loving intimacy. I knew Ids indefatigable indusirr, his diverse capabilities, his spirituality of heart, aim, and , purpose, and yet—perhaps I ought to say thcrefore—I feel the difficulty of dealing ade quately with his name and fame. Paxton Hood was the analyst of Lis character and sermons, but Paxton Hood has also passed on ! before, and tbe complete analysis will be only ! after many days. I shall not trouble you with I biograpliie detail. AVhere lie was born, where be. went to school.' and such like things, are minor matters; we want to know his place and | power iu the history of the church. All the churches love him, and will revere his memory. Differences of opinion will not hide from them the true nobleness of his character. He has made all denominations his debtor. He is a great historic personality compelling notice, and coratnanainir the h^mssrc of" the people. He had his faults—for he ; was human, but u e'eii his failings leaned to i virtue's ride." He was a sinner saved by ( sovereign,, gracea believer obedient to his J loving Lord ; a , "Boldier Jcouragous in the ] t fiercest fightfor God and truth; a saint whose 1 example dre w others to follow Jesus. He .was the Whitefield of the nineteenth century. Mr. Spurgeon had a vivid imagina tion akin to tlxat of John Bun yon. He had the logical force and sonic of the organising nbjlitybf John "Wesley, but "White-held was his ! ideal preacher, and if he followed any human example it was that of Whitefield. A splendid voice, a natural elocution, a deeply earnest spirit, and a keen ambition to save men from heU were points in common with these two mem He was the nineteenth century Puritan. In theology he drank deeply from the fount of Puritanism, i. Owea, Brooks, Adams,- Sibbes, Swiiiaock, Charnoek, and others were his de light. He popularised their works so that they were republished and sold in thousands. Mr. Spurgeon could ace that what is called " modern thought" was often want of thought, and that there was more intellect as well as more unction in those books than can be found generally .in the books of the present day. He was Puritanical in services and worship. Ho organ, no professional choir, no accessories or elaborations—j ixst the ring, read, pray, and preach of tbo older time—a later edition of the Covenanter, but not accepting the most recent evolutions of that noble band. Is he the last of the Puritans ? God forbid ! It will go 31 with the world and the church when tbo , spirit of Puritanism, is cast out. The forms and adaptations may vary, but the noble char acters must result from the same spirit in every age of the world's history. He was a man of largelv human heart. Some PJrOple seem to be all intellect and no emotion. Ho was full of sympathy with Nature in all her moods, and with man in all his aspirations. , ** John Ploughman's Talk" indicates his laiow | ledge of the fields and the flowers, and the j folks who live and love, and an and weep, and (pray and hope. hlr. Spurgeon was no mere | fltTifl or. dawdling dandy, or pffpTmn.tfo courtier; fbut a broad-shouldered, jovial- faced, kindly (hearted man of the world, in whose life God ! was revealing Himself to men. f . Ho yae a genuine philanthropist. His heart was with the people. He loved the lowly and {the homely poor. The rich and great who were ; living for the public good had his respect and esteem, but his ministry led him to use the favorites of fortune so as "to make thera stew ards of God's bounty to the needy and the lost. The almshouses near "Walworth road railway giation; the aid rendered to the poor in his con gregation ; the assistance seiit to help preachers whose lot was hard and whose labours were earnest; and that better known work at the orphanage all go to prove that he was a lover ^ Of tnfln N He has mafia a ^ ^ Of tlie ccntnrr- His first booK was literature of tlie century. His first book was Killed " The Saint and the Saviour ; his last rent forth from tlie sick chamber, a"iycl was 'ntiortuirom iubwhumi««v», " -r is one of tlie cheeriest of his many works ! ££rto "MemoriesofStambourne." About 100 voliimeahavobeen issued either from lus tongue and nen or under his direct supervision. The mostcompletework on the psalms ever^pub uJlied is from, his pen. "Morning bj; Moruinir" and "Evening by Evomn Sdr aid at the fsmily altar .n many a Commentaries" is a marvel, and contains 1,4 7 reviews of c class of literature not usually re ^nfhi '^pularilcd evangelistic preacbing. By his brief comments on Bible lessons and h'S Swmight earnest exhorhirions he has mtdo evangelical effort more Biblical. T.e sheet always commanded Ids assistance. ^ He has been a living protest against de^enc racv in the cliureh. That the eburcu l.as tended to moral fleribUity and mental pndo there can be no question. The facts are tid ing to instifv his opinion about So™ teachin", if not his action in connection with the Baptist Union. Every man in the union loved Mr. Spurgecm, not least those who have Sreed with hiii. He has lifted np a Sri against scientific materialism, against flippant, erratic, and mere bookish Bibhcal criticicism, and against epintaal degenerecy. He lias done mucb for educating the re lirious, and for the religiousness of oduciition ia the land. He had no faith m education apart from religion. One of his most recent letters is in favour of Bible teaching in State schools. He sustained a school at the alms houses. The orphanage schools are amongst tlie best in London. The colportago work is educational as well as missionary- The even ing classes at the Tabernacle hare been con ducted for about 30 years for the better educ tion for those who want to preach the gospel. Nearlv 1,000 young men of limited meaf^"^ bren trained in the Pastors College, of whom atleast six are now labouring in Queensland. Those who have slandered him by descnbiug him as ignorant, unlearned. iU-informed, ani fanatical have done wrong, and should deeply repent their gin. He was a large and liberal-minded *• *} man of practical common-sense, keen wit, and readvhumour; aman of strong oonvictionsand the daring needful to defend them, but no biret A Baptist by conviction, yet a fnend and fellow- labourer with Psedo-baptists ; a Colvinist of the type of Andrew Fuller and Matthew Henrv, yet a most loving mend to the "Weslevuns. He would not tolerate those who would take away the inspiration of the Bible, or the deity of Christ, or thesaenhco of the cross, or the crown of rights of King Jesus. He was strongly opposed to those who taught that a man might safely die in his sms I because of a possible solvation after death ; or because of a Calvinistio preordination that all I shall ultimately be saved. He had not the same objection to the doctrine of conditional .JeMrmc made the work of Christ for man's salvation and the work of the Holy Spirit in regeneration absolutely essential in tbe plan, of redemption. He was a Christ, because he had in him the life of Christ, who is the true light of men. In Jesus dwelt "all the fulness of the Godhead tiesus uneii. .... u. - -- ----- . bodily." In Spurgeon dwelt the Christ in measure by faith. The force of his life may be measure uv b»bu. j.i»v iwiw -7- — — «> _ given in the words of Paul: "I live, yet not I, but He liveth in me; and the life which 1 live DUlIlcuteiniutui., .... ,, 0 » in the flesh I lire by the faith of .the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself for me. I Of lowly domestic origin, early in lifo feeling that he must be about his Father's business. uiuu uc iuum. w ttwu. - — . - ' openly confessing his sonship in. the appointed „ >vay, realising hiR call to preach and to heal and to bless, enduring temptation and triumphing over it, finding it his meat and drink to do the UiCI ai/, BUUUl^ a— a. . - •will of Him that sent him, and having passed through the G ethsemane of pain in a spirit of self-surrender to the Sovereign Will, he gave up the ghost, saying, " Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit." 60 like the Christ Mr. Stead's view has •whose anointed he was. Sir. Stead l —•- — been fulfilled in Mr. Spurgeon,. for he was a Christ, under the great Christ of God. He has been "faithful unto death." His yet ■unbaried form will be looked upon by thou sands. Tlirough tearful eyes they will guze upon tlie beloved. The forcible fife will no longer flash from his eyes ; the heart will pul sate no more ; the brain throb and nerve thrill are for over post; the seraphic fervour of that voice will be heard no more \ the lips are dumb in the eloquent silence of death ; the spirit has returned to God, who gave it; the tnwtful suint is for ever with the Dord. It is difficult to imagine those faculties unable to ^ perform their functions in the service of mankind, but the last enemy has done his worst, and we bow our hearts in submission to the Supreme aJ* wise, all-loving Will. Awav yonder in New Zealand is* one of two sons, hla heart smitten with a double torrow, in that tlirough all these weary weeks of pain and wcukuess he has not been able to afford the solace of his presence, or to receive an audible word from his beloved and suffering father. There in England is another son, whose sever ance has been, briefer, but whoso heart-grief wc know is deep and great. A noble brother who bun been at the service of the departed one will have great sorrow, not unmixed with grati fication at the recollection of his loyal service to the one whom God had placed in the foreground of the church's conflict with error and sin. A venerable father Htcs to inourn his loss and his gray hairs will command the sympathy of all in the burden of age and agony which ho now roust bear. Many years ago 1 remember-how it wa^ concluded the partner of his joys and cares could not live to witness or assist in the active work of her husband's life, but hi the providence of God she is not only spared to survive h?m, but she was present to Bootho the last moments of consciousness, and to witness the last struggle of his life. Dear, true, loving heart, how great tho grief of thy bereavement, how great the joy of tW privilege to minister to him in life's latest hour* The sword of sorrow pierces thy heart, yet it can ho said "Blessed art thou among women" to have tho honour of being a worker together with such a one. To those loved and loving ones in the home circle, to the faithful deacons and elders, to the loving and bereaved church we offer our hearts' deepest sympathy and condolence in the grief of this present tune. But God is not tho God of the dead but of the living. Jesus said, "He that balieveth in 3re, though he were dead, yet shall he live, and whosoever liveth and believcth in ire shall never die." 3fr. Spargeon lives—in lives re deemed from sin; in books where his noblest thoughts are enshrined; in grateful memory of tho poor, tho aged, and the orphan whom ho haa succoured ; in the hearts of a thousand men whom ho has trained for work; in the church where bis ministry has been exercised, and in its members all over the world ; in the spiritual momentum he has given to the universal church. Best of all he lives with the great heroes of tho ages, and with Jesus, in whom his life is hidden peaceably secure from all tho gloom and pain of mortal life. Let us lift np our eyes and hearts towards that heaven of hope and joy in which we shall meet with our loved ones and our Lord, and where we shall by the grace of God seo once , and again—Charles Haddon Spurgeon. I yond this vale of death. There surely Is some blessed clime When life is not & breath. Nor life's affections transient fire, Whose sp irks fly upward to expire. Thus star by star declines, Till all ore passed away; As morning higher, higher e To pure and perfect aay. Nor sink those stars in ccpfcy night, Th(»v bide t1i.Tmu>lv<<> In mo They hide themselves in heaven's own light. 