THE REUNION OF CHRISTENDOM. In the last issue of the Jteoiew of the Churches there is an excellent portrait of tho late Cardinal, together with n letter from him to the editor forming part of the "Round Table Conference " on "The Reunion of Christendom." ,. The letter, which is probably tUe,lasoqi| ribution from the late Cardinal's pen: widen-, has been pub lished, is as follows : — "s 5 " My Dear Dr. Lunn, — I will not again re fuse to send you a few \tof<llf,Gb'ut it is diffi cult for me to do more than, listen to the voices which are revieWlngS' tbe Churches.' "In May, 1848, 1 SaWI Olid :spokc for the first- time with Pins IX.i:-'He' questioned me at length about the Christianity of England and about the multiplicity'of good and chari table works done by Anglicans and Dis senters, ending with tho Quakers and the great prison reformation of Mrs. Fry. He then leaned back in his chair, and said, as if to himself, '.The English -do a multitude of good works; and- whenp- iffdiidogood work9 God always pours out His grace.- ' My poor prayers are offered day by day for Engl aud.' Since that time every year has multiplied all kind of good works in England. There can be 110 doubt that an especial power of the Holy Ghost lias breathed and is still breath ing over our people: ' I gladly, repeat the words of Pius IX, toy.-I-rojoic'e'-over the good works which cover' .the- fii.eC" of our "country. My daily prayer isfor.Englaiid-! and so far as it has been in my power I have shared your good works and united ' with your peaceful and beneficent aims. Iii the words which open your first number I heartily agree. You say, ' The tendency of religion in our day is towards union.' There lias grown up in the last 50 years a vivid sense' oi- instinct that division is evil, and the source of evils. The desire and' prayers for the reunion of Christendom have created movements and organisations both in the Anglican and the dissenting bodies, and your Jieeiew of the Churches is its latest and zuost resolute manifestation. " When I held back from writing as one of your contributors it was not from any slack ness in desiring that, till our hearts may be drawn into unity, but from unwillingness to striae a note uut ui iiurmouy witn you. lou have niuny ways of seeking union. We have but one. Union in good works lias indeed a constraining moral influence in bringing the most remote men together/and charity is a way to truth. ' If any man will do his will he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God.' This is a safe course for those who are divided from each other. Controversy repels, but charity unites. Yonr present action cannot fail to bring many minds into closer, union of goodwill. " But. tbis is neither our need nor our method. Union is not unity. Aud unity is not the creation of human wills, but of the divine. It does not spring up from the earth ; it descends from heaven. St. Cyprian truly describes it as the raiment of our Lord, ' without seam, woven from the top through out by heavenly sacraments/' It is truth that generates unity, and it can be recovered only by the same priuciplo and from the same source from wnioii it descended in the beginning. " Mr. Price Hughes has quoted, he says with surprise, some words of mine from a book on the ' Internal Mission on the Holy Ghost.' There was no need for surprise ;. for these words aro only tho Catholic doc trine of the universality of Grace. And they . presuppose the doctrine of the visible Church, which has not only a visible body,' but also an invisible soul'. The soul of the Church is as old as Abel, and as wide as the race of mankind. It embraces every soul of man who lias lived, or at least has died, in union with God by tho indwelling of tho Holy Ghost. Nearly 30 years ago I published all this iu answer to my friend, the late Dr. Puso'y, iu a letter on 'The Workings of the Spirit in tho Charch of England/ This letter has been lately, reprinted by Messrs. Burns and Oates. Tlius fur- then 1 can. lay a basis on which to write and"; to hopo with all your contributors; 1 Wp : lielievq that . the Holy Ghost breathes throughout the world, and gathers into union with God, and to eternal life, all those, who faithfully co operate with His light and grace. None are responsible for dying iuculpably out of the visible body of the Church. Tney only are culpable who knowingly and- wilfully reject its divine voice :when.suffi<St<siRly known to them. But I must not go oh, for you are seeking union iii agreements, and 1 have no will to strike a discordant note. You Bay truly, ' Tho controversies to which most of. our Churches owe their rise have last much of their interest for us; -somd-of them are hardly intelligible.' 'i ritinur:.-. " I liavo two great odvnrttajW. I can hope and embrace you in the Soul /3fT the Church , and I can rejoice in all, aiuI-;gltuBy share in many of your good works.""-' ran" ; " May tho Holy Ghost-hWfieW- His own unity iu truth ! " — I -"-IU v "Believe me, " My dear Dr. Lunn, yours wery truly, " HKNKY E,CAAD.-MAN"XI'XO. "Archbishop's House, Oqtobor 30, 1891." . 