THIS SLOWBOB FAMILY GH03T. Thoro was no ond of oxcltomout at Hollydalo whon it became known that a gontJoman ro joiciug in tlio naraa of Timothy Slowbob had purchased Cypress Grango. Tbo old house bad been empty tor nrany a year. It was once the residonco of a wicked old squire, who mortgaged bis estates to tho tops of tbo trees iu the carriage drive, drank port until ho roquired an escort to bed, aud was nicknamed Nimrod on account of his sporting proclivities. Tbo building, with its many painted gables, raossgrown torraccs, aud suvrouudiug grounds, bad an ovil name, and it was not the sort of place a timid porson would caro to pass on a wild, blustering night, with snow in tho air, and tbo wind shrieking like a pack of banBheos. The pooplo of Hollydalo all agrcod that if Cypress Grango was not haunted, it ought to bo, for it had nugo puuolled rooms, dim nud mystoriouB corridors, galleries with boro aud thoro a pieco of old armour still romnining upon tho walls, and vast collars, whero porhaps in days’ long past conspirators bad whispered plots, or men, womon, and children bad laiu bidden, and trembled as they listened to tho thumlor of war botween Cavalier and Itoundkcud. So it was just tbo vory happy hunting-ground for a good old-fashioned ghost, grim, ghastly, aud doliciouBly trauBparout in tho moonlight/ Mr. Timothy Slowbob was delighted with thu placo, and bo bought it out of imud; no extra chargo boing made for cobwob3, spiders, rats, aud mice. As for tbo ghost, it might walk if it lilcod, or keep away. IEo was perfectly inde pendent of it, one way or tho other, as ho had a ghost of his own-a real family ghost. Ho was blessed, among othov euviable thingB, with a handsome wifo, a sturdy son and heir, an extremely pretty daughter, and plenty of money. Some people said that ho had founded his fortune on pickles; others that he had, so to spook, tumbled bend lirst into n. miuo of procious metal during tho Australian gold fovor ; a fow whispered that ho had mado thousands in a linplo day on tbo Stock Ex change ; hut all agrcod that bo was a jolly, open-handed, generous, plain- spoken, no-hum bug-about-bim gentleman, nud that his arrival at Hollydalo had practically saved tho placo. Tho grocer, baker, and, iu fact, all the trades men, except tho undertaker (who, by tho way, know more comic song3 thau anybody in tho villago, ami sung them well, too), received ouch astounding orders that they mot iu thovill.igo streot nndshook bauds with each other. Speech failod them, aud they could do cothing hut gasp and grin in their delight. It was ratlier lato in December, 1SS0, when tho small army of bricklayers, carpentors, fur nishers, otc., turned their backs on CyprcBs Grango, and madoroom for tho .Slowbob family and thosorvante. Tho very first thing tho now squiro did was to framo a programme for the forthcoming holidays. Tho wants of tho poor woig to bo attended to, tho school children to feast their hungry littio inttriors on good things and tboir eyes on a Christmas tree, with branches laden with prosoots, and -well, I am almost ufruid to tell of tho wouderlul thing* put down upon tho programme, lest I should not be beliovod. Otto bright frosty afternoon saw young Tim Slowbob driving bis sister Dinorah to tho rail way statiou in a waggonette drawn by a pair of dark bays, which could not bo matched for 300 guineas. It was a smart turn , out, and Tim haudlcd tho libboua iu a masterly style ; but smartest aud protticst of all wa9 Dinorah, with hor cheeks glowing with health, her dimpled chin makiug lovo to a sablo boa lucky boa!—hor blue eyes dancing, and her tiny feet pooping out—they insisted on peeping out, aud would takono deuial--from under a largo bear-skin rug. “Iwondor, Diu,” said Tim, as ho made tho whip crack like a pistol-shot, ” if they will both comedown by tho same train 1*” To this quostion Diuorak vouchsafed no roplv. It made her thoughtful, and an expres sion' half domuro, half mischiovous settled on hor face. And not without reason, for Captain Ilorbert Rennon—who had smelt gunpowder with bullets and cannou-balls at tho business end of it, and was a porfeefc fire- eater—had whispered certaiu tender words iu hor our, ami repeated them on superfir.o note-paper embla zoned with crest and monogram. But then Stanloy Gildcrsou had dotio exactly tho satuo thing, and heigbo! it was a choico of two, and tho rivals wore comiug to Hollydalo to spend Christmas. Thoro had already arrived ouo visitor at Cvpross Grango—Jock Staullold, iho son of a Manchester man, who had worked his way up from orrand boy to millionaire. Jude, was a rather matter-of-fact young man about two and twenty years of ago, aud looked tho very last ono to fall In lovo xor somo tirao to come. “ Haven't limo,” he would say when spokeu to on tho subjoct. ” You seo, my guv’nor insists upon mo attending to businoss, and I 1 have to ariva as hard at it as a juuior clerk.” • Jack Stanfield and Mr. Slowbob went out for a xido on horseback, whilo Tim aud bis si’stor drove to tho station; and they were back again just ab tho waggonette with its distinguished company and lumps of luggage came clattering through tho drive, throwing up tbo snow mul shaking down tho hoar frost like showers of diamouds. ” Here tboy are !” cried Timothy Slowbob, running down tho terraco stops, ” Welcome I my noble captain !—wolcomo undersell ! God 1 bless you nud us all ! Merry Christmas! Como in -coma in ! What splendid weather for tho holidays ! He, ha, lui !” That laugh was loud and joyous onough to set tho church bells riuging out of vtry sym pathy, and the stylo in which Timothy Slow bob shook hands with tho young men would havo warmed n henrfc of stono. Captain Rennon was a tall, thiii man on tho wrong sula of 30; Stanley GiUlersou was lus junior by somo ilvo years, about tho medium height, dark, and would have been good-lcok itig had his uoso not been a trifle too long for bis face. Ho and tbo captain travelled down from London in sopavato carriages, and had said very little to each other during tho exhilarating drive from tho station. Neither soeraed ovorpowerol with joy tosoo Jack Stanfield, who was tall, broad-shouldered, aud as ruddy as if he passed his lifo iu tho open air; and to mako matters rather moro coiiinli cated, ho deliberately lifted Diuoruh out of Tho waggonette, and placed her, with hor feet twiukting in tho air, on a step swept clean of tho snow—which was a bold net, uud a rather unreasonable ono in a young man who had not tho timo to liston to Cupid’s nrgumeuts. Tho old diningroom teemed with light and warmth when tho party assembled later on, and if thoro was any causa for complaint, it certainly might have como from thu sumptu ously-laid tab' e. 14 I have sottlcil down at last to bo a real oln 1 country squire,” said Timothv Slowbob, rub I bine his hands, “and if lifo is granted mo, I I will play tho pait well. Bless me, I can look | back *10 yoara nnd euo znysolf scuttling along tho foggy streets of London, with p>.v breakfast in ono pockot aud ray dinner in tho other. How little T thought then of being mastor of Cypress Grango, or dreamed of anything buttor than a smull houso ami a bit of garden. But mind you,” ho added, ” I sprang from a good stcek. Tho Slowbobs were groat peoplo hundreds of years ago, and on my mother’s sido there is aristocratic blood enough to turn the pages of Burko’s Pecrago bluo. And that accounts for our family ghost.” ” Haw, haw ! *» laughed Captain Rennon. ” Do you really boliovo in ghosts *r” ” I don’t want to holiove—I am couviuccd,” Timothy Slowbob rejoined. ” I am not convinced, but I can believe,” said Jack Stanlkld. ” What is your opinion on tho subject, Mr. Gilderson V” “ Wenllv,” replied the gontlcmnn addressed, who was blcssou with au intorcating impedi ment iu his speech—” woolly—now, woully, I havo liover seen a ghost, but I darethay other peoplo havo. I should liko to hear what Mith Slowbob thnys.” “Oh, I have never seou our family ghoit, but I must put implicit fnitli in mv father,” Diuorahsaid. “It is one of his pet'Chrritmas subjects, mid no doubt ho will tell you tho story after dinnor.” ” For my own part,” Captain Lennon chimed iu, ” nothing would delight mo so much ns to moot a ghost. I would turn tbo follow to ac count—put him under a glass case, you know, nud exhibit him as a curiosity ail over the country. SVhy, I declare—haw, haw !—that Mr. Stanfield is quite pale.” ” Under tho lumplight, I confess,” Jack re plied. “But, to toll you tho truth, I have road and heard so much about ghosts that I should not caro to exercise my miud much on tho subject, lest that--” ” You would grow nervous,” the captain interposed. • • T “,X?U Put “ ‘hat Way if you like," Jack Stanfield returned. “ I was about to »ay, lest it should troublo mo, and bother my sloop with ugly dreams,” Timothy StowboVs family ghost was tempo rarily laid, and other th'nga discussed. When ever Captain Rennon made a remark to Diuomli, Stanley Oildcrccn glared at him, and whouStautoy Gilderson followod suit, tho cap tain frownoa darkly, ami glared at /iim. When tho geiitlomcn wero loft to tkoir wino it was easy to see that Timothy Slowbob needed no encouragement tn tell all about his family ghost, and one hint was sufficient to set him *' 51ha story," ho said, “ has been handed down from generation to generation. Intbo days when Charles tho First sat so unsteadily on tho. throne, ono portion of tho Slow bobs iiyod . in Buckinghamshire. Fraucis Slowbob owned a goodly ostato, and lod a quiot, poaceablo lifo, hut unfortunately .his two sons, fine young follows, took up arms— Frank for the king, mid Philip for tho Farlia “ ft was a misorublostuto of affairs for alt concornod. Their groy-haired father implored thorn on his knees to romain in brotherly love and at homo, but ho Bpoko to doaf oars, and lus falhorty counsels passed unheeded. “ Frank rodo away to joiu a Cavaiior regi mout bound for Oxford : Philip enlisted at Uxbridge, which, aftor tho fruitless attempt of tho representatives of tho opposito parties to form a treaty of poaco, foil into tho hands of tho so-called Roundheads, “ Tho win tor" of 10IG passed away, aud with tho spring tho fighting hogan again iu real earnest. A battlo was fought and won by CronnvclPs adhcrontB, and no mau .folt more flushed with triumph than Philip Slowbob, who for his vatour hail boon promotod to a cap taincy. " On that very day ho had lod a squadron of Irousidea to victory, dashing through tho, thinued ranks of tho bravo but despairing! Cavaliers as if they woro so much paper. Ana i now ho sat in his tent, writing to liia father, 1 who lay ill and heart-broken at homo. “ * Tho war h nearly ovor/ ho wrote, ‘ and in a few months I hope to bo with you again, to receive your forgiveness and blessing. If Frank lives, ho will see tho error of his ways, and join tho popular euuso’—— “ Ho got no further, for tho paper was sud denly f-natchecl by an unseen baud, torn in a hundrod fragments, aud tossed contemptuously in thentr. Filled with horror, PhUipda3hod out. of tho tent, ami Hod to nuothcreccupied by sovernl of his comrades. Whito to tho lips, ho told thorn what ho had exporionced; hut ho wis only laughed at, and told ho had boon dream in8- „ „ , “‘Fio, no!’ ho wailod ; ‘I was in my sober, wakeful souses. My brother Frank is dead!’ “ ‘ Aud slain by your own baud,’ whispered a voice in his ear. 1 Oh, brother, brothor, that it should havo como to this P “‘Heard yon not that:’ rhilip shrieked. ‘My brother’s spirit declares it was my hand that despoiled his body of breath. He cries for vengeanco; his blood is cn my head! Oh, merciful hoaven, what have I douo?—-what have I dono V** “ Hi3 brother officer*, in alarm, sont for a surgeon, who, bavins bled him, administered a Eoothiug draught, and ordered that ho should bo put to bed without deluy, and closely watched; for Philip’s sudden malady was put down to a raging lover which oftenattuckod men fresh from tho Held of buttle. “Philip nmdo no resistance whatever. Ho repeated his conviction that his brother Frank' was doad, and (hen lyingdown, talked calmlv, hut sadly, to tho man placed iu the tent. “Now Philip suddenly saw a chungo como over tho soldier. Ilis can of eteel became a gaily-plumed hat, his brcast-plato was trnua foimod into a tunic, and tho man’s rough features molted into tho likeness of Frank, “Philip know that ho was in tho presence of Ida brother’s spectro, and ho lay speechless, and bound under an awful spoil. “ ‘ Brother/ said the ghost, ‘ do not take my death to heart. You slow mo innocently in tho charge, and all I ask is that you will seek my oodv, nnd foo that it is put decently under tho earth, I died for my country, anil I am per mitted to como to you for u brief lime, to toll you that whenever a member of our family is in danger of sudden calamity or of harm bein^ done, I shall warn him or her, ns tho caso may bo. Such I shall do iu tho spirit, bacauso I lest my life at my own brother’s hands, aud tho curao that is upon him is upou mo, for wo wero at variance, and our hands against each other. I am doomed to haunt tho earth from timo to time. Adieu, Philip! Throw aside your arms aud hasten homo; our father is dying, and it is only right that ono of his sons should receive his blessing/ “Philip uttered n sharp cry and started up, and lo ! there sat tho Ironside loaning drowsily on lus sword, Tho young officer was so much impressed with tho vision, that cn tho follow ing day ho received permission to return borne. And only just in time. His father was dying; tho sands of his lifo wero running out fast, but ho was still conscious. ‘“Oh, my son/ said tho old man, *1 have prayed that you might return. I havo already seen Frank, but not in tho flesh. ITo is dead— dead—dead! Woo tho hour that you loft my roof! And hero undor this roof, lead a now lifo. Ropont of tho grievous error you havo j committed. Repent in true sincerity of heart, for your timo is short" “Tho old man’s lips moved again, but the words died away, and Ids spirit fled. “Philipshut hitmolf up in tho old house, scoiug nobody hut his manservant, and ere tho yoar passed ho pined and died/* “I they,” lisped Stanley Gilderson, as Mr. Slowbob ceased spoaking, “ what a dweadful sthory! Hath tho ghohth over heon theon V” “On several occasions,” Mr. Slowbob ropliod, solemnly. “My grandmother was engaged to be mairied toa ne’er-do-well who had a greedy eye on her money, and tho ghost warned her father of it. I firmly believe . that if any rascal or ndvonUmr over cama to my house tho ghost would appear and frighten him out of Captain Herbert Pennon sat silent, and fidgeted about as If certain ugly thoughts troubled him. IIo wos uono too rich, and had raado up his mind to woo and win Dinomk, hut ho wished that sho had a bettor name to change than such a ono as Slowbob. It cer tainly was not commonplace, hut on tho other hand it was neither musical nor nristocratic. •“By tho way,” ho said, “I should imagines that tliH family tintno was on’ginnlly Sloebnugh, and bccnmo oorrup'od.” “Slowbob is good enough for me, at all events,” returned his host, rather sharply. “ If it had been Thi-khead, I should have ’had to put up with it.” On tho following morning, after breakfast, Captaiu llemion buttonholed J.ick Stanfield, ana whisporod something mi steriom iu his ear. “ Oh, yes,” Jack said : “it can bo managed without much trouble, but it is rather a dark plot. It might end in fits, you know.” “ I—I may trust you I UopoV” the captain stammered. “ Cortuinly/’ “ Well, then, I don’t mind telling you that I am madly iu love with Dinorah Slowbob, and that I would cluugo au army single-handed to uiako hor my wife.” “I will got what you ask. nnd havo it sent down iu my name,” Jack said; “ but you must bo extremely eautiou3. It would bo a fearful thing if any mistake was made. Fancy, for in stance, an inquest nt Christmas-tide! Tho bare thought is too honiblo to eontomplato.” About nn hour later .Tack Stanfield wont for a “constitutional ” in (iio park. His fnco underwent bovoiuI cbtiiigos ns he strodo along like a young giant. Sometimes ho looked very gravo and exorcised fit his mind, hut now anil thou ho broke into a loud laugh, and snapped his fingers contemptuously. Any stranger might have thought that ho was rehearsing u part for amateur theatricals, hot them was something more than acting pisring in Mailer Jack’s miiul. Suddenly tho report of a gun and I ho whirr of a strong-winged pheasant startled him. “ Missod again, sir,” slid a gruff* voice. “Mithod/ I’ve dono nothiug but nrith tho birdth. Hero take tho benthly gun, Edwards ; my tingerth aro tho numb that I can’t feed them. Ith time that l went back, ai lunthoon ninth l>o almost ready.** “Tho victim—tho rivil, I mean,” muttered .Tack Stanfield. “ And hero ho comes. Happy birds,,to havo no more formidable marksman to Stanley Gilderoon was a sight to see. His “ got up” would havo made tho heart of a sporting tailor glad, for his coatuiuo wos ns perfect as liU ghosting was tho direct oppo “ Oh, I thay, Sthanfluld, you are the very man I want to theo/’ho cried. “You may go back, Edwards, and Iftko thatbeathly gun with you. I thuu’t want it any more while I’m hero.” Tho keeper touched his hat as ho pocko’ed half-n-sovereign, and muttered, us ho turned upon his heel : “ Aud a good job, too. Tho way he handled that ’oro gun tnndo mo think that he’d been practising ut hotllos instead of pheasants.” Stanley Gi!der<on took Jack Stanfield’s arm in tho most friendly manner imaginable, nnd as ho began to talk, Jack’s eyes grew roumlrr and rounder. “ You’ll doit for mo, my good fellow, won’t youV” Gilderaon said. “You thee, if it oamoaddretked to mo it would vxtbito thuth picion.” “ Very well, but’*— “ Tbo fact ith/’Stanloy Gildorson interposod, “ I am madly in lovo with Dinorah Thlowbob. My dear fotlah, I’m steeped in lovo up to my iinger-omUh, hut I don’t tbeo my way clear to propothe uulil”— | “Say no more,” Jack interrupt.ul, “X will write soon after luncheon.” On tho morning of Christmas Evo a bulky pared nrrivod for Jack Stanfield, and as soon as it bad been conveyed to his room ho com* inencod to dance rouud it ns if ho had suddonly taken leavo of his souses. It wna tho witchiug hour of night, when Churchyards, according to tho immortal hard, yawn and graves give up their dead. Midnight 1 Lot a man bo whoro ho may, there 13 something mysterious and uncanny in tho air after tho clock has ceased striking twolvo, until chanti cleer, tho herald of tho morn, proclaims tho coming day. Hold is tho mau\vho would prowl about tho cloisters of tho cnlhedrnl or moditato in an old Norman church when tho earth is bo still that silence seems to hnvo a voico of its own—ghostly imtrmuriugs of departed sounds of busy day. It uUo requires somo nerve to sleep in a houBO reputed to bo haunted, and especially in ono wnero the owner, liko Mr. Timothy Slowbob, boasts having a pet family ghost. Just as the hands of the clock wore pointing . to tho hour of twelve, and tho hammer trembled and throbbed in its action to strilco tho gong, thoro appeared in tho pioturo gallery tho tall and spectral liguro of a Cavalier. Tho costume of the ghost was perfect iu every particular, oven to tho long gleaming rapier which his ghoslship had drawn and clutched in a dead white baud. Ghastly and luminous waa tho figure's faco, and noiselessly moved tho Sl9wbol) family ghost over tho polished floor, bright aud shining in tho light of tho full moon. Oh, it was a blood-curdling and hideous sight I At both entrances to tho hauntod pioturo gallery ran a passugo, with spacious bed chambers on each side. Now, tno Bpcctro in entering upon its midnight stroll must havo paBsod Stanloy Gilderson’s eloeping apartment; if it hold itii course, it would come upon tho room occupied by Captain Ilerbort Tionnon. t On stalked tho 6pirit of tho restless Cuvalior. Suddenly it stopped and performed a vory un-. ghostlike skip, for at tho opposite end of tho l*nllory stood a rival apectro! Ghosts nro veri* jealous. They do .not euro for company, but revel in solitudo, aud it is no wonder, thou, that this particular ghost should be much put out at finding that it bad a rival iu a select lino of horrifying harmless pooplointo fits. Ghost Nuinbor Ono lowered tho point of its sword,-ami craned its neck as if half convinced that thoro must ho a tall mirror nt tho ond of tho gallery. Ghost Number Two seemed to bo in trouble with its plumed hat, aud carao straight ou. ^“Ak-h-hl Oh!” gurgled Ghost Number . tl Ynh-kdi! Oh!” shrieked Ghost Number Then both howled iu chorus, uutil thohouso resoundodjroni cud to ond with tho kidoous sounds, and having startled everybody from their bed*; fell flat and lay still. “ Fjjtfd bloss us, what is tho mattor?” roared Mr. Slowbob, tearing out of his bedroom. “Tim—Jack I there’s either a pack of wild cats or tho vory douce iutho houeo!” Ho was armed with a club, a relic of tho past, such a ono as tho ungrateful savage might havo taken Captain Cook's life with. “ Don't ho alarmed,” naid Jack Stanfield, “ Tho Slowbob family ghost has laid itself—or, rather, two of them. Como and seo !” When tho servants cams rushing upon tho scene with lamps aud caudles, end armed with woapons, from a blunderbuss down to a toaRt ing-fork, tho ghosts wero found in tho pioturo gallery. . Thoro, in tho moonlight, cold, white, and motionless, thc-y lay. Poor things, they had fainted. “ What tho dickous is tho meaning or this ?” bellowed Slowbob, senior. “ Why, here’s Mr. Gilticrson and Captain lionnon tricked out liko masqueraders.” “ They had better bo taken to their rooms,” Jack Stanfield said,” and at a moro suitablo time I will explain all.” “ Explain all V” gasped tho old gentleman. “It will takosomo time to explain why my house shouldba turnod into a galanly show.” By this timo tho “ghosts” wero slowly re* covering, and they wero homo awav in oppo site directions, us limp a3 rag9. Then Jack iStanliotd gavo vent to his feolings. Ho laughed till he cried, and cried till ho laughed. IIo hung on to anything and everybody ho could catch hold of, and looked so apoplectic that "Tim Slowbob thumped him ou tho back liko a drum and brought him round, “ It’s thofunnicst thing you ever heard of,”ko said, with tears of mirth still streaming from his eyes. “ Captain Pennon asked me to get him a Cavalior’s dress to play tho ghost with. His idea was to pay Giideison a visit, and frighten him out of the house. And—bn, hn, ha, oh, my sides!—Giideison convolved tho Bamoid°a, and I had the costumes sont down from London; They both rubbed their hands and fa*va with phosphorus, and—oh, bravo ghosts of tho Slowbob family!—thoy mot.. X think—ha, In, ha!—they would have been”' glad to go underground, but the floor was just a litllo too solid.” Neither Captain Horbort Pennon nor Stanley GHderson seemed to caro much for the Christ mas sports, and although no word was uttered by their kindly host or any member of his family of tho nocturnal revels, both had made up their nvnds to leavo Cypress Grange as soon U3 they could within tho bounds of politeness. They departed next day, tru veiling in&eparata; carriages, and oach in his heart bade a Icng and las'ing farewell to Diuorali. Early in tho ensuing spring tho gallant cap tain saw a uoHco in the Timet to the effect that Dinoroh Slowbob had changed her naino to Stanfield. “ Confound it!” said the captain, tearing tho paper iu tw.o, “ Sim would have boon my wifo now if it had not been for that lying story about tho Slowbob family ghoat.” And, strangely enough, Stanloy Gildcrscn vros oi mo tame opinion.— 