SOCIAL GOSSIP. GOSSIP FftOM VANITY FAIR. BY J. M. D. LONDON, MARCH 31. This year's "Show Sunday" has been haBtily pronounced a failure. Either Lent, or the date of the Oxford and Cambridge boat race, or some such reason, brought on the day unusually early, and before the critics had wound themselves up to in spection pitch. Besides, there was a dense fog in the morning over certain quarters of London, and our principal art experts and reporters, concluding that the fashionable world would not venture out to "do" the studios, lay in bed. When they got up they wrote absurd paragraphs declaring that no body had gone, aud that Show Sunday was a thing of the past. At West-house, the Boughtons' beautiful place in Campden Hill road, all the "best" Americans just now in London put in an appcarance, and there was no fog. Americans are extremely proud of their countiyman who has won his way to the distinction of A.K.A., and they will always buy his pictures, on patriotic prin ciples. * Thirty or forty years ago the United States Government, having made a complete mess of their " Indian Policy," and of the attempt to rule and provide from Washington tor the remnants of Eed Indian nations scat tiered along the borders of the ever-extend ing Western territories, handed over the Indian Administration in despair to the Society of Friends. The lattpr, of course, ultimately made a still worse mess of the whole thing; but it happened that while their rule lasted certain worthy Quakers found a little white boy, stolen or strayed, in a Sioux campi tcpd^d ^ low, blankets for him, atid carrida him back to civilisation. This boy <?rew up to be O. H. Boughton. A.R.A, There is An ingfenlous legend to the effect that, because the lad was thus bought, he was named " bougbt'unbut I am afraid Americans don't really use the Cockney word " uti" for " one." This year Houghton's principal picture indicates the neo- socialistic or democratic tendencies which have spread to the studios now that the aristocracy and country gentry have no money wherewith to buy pictures. It represents one of the pro letariat meeting his wife oil a cold winter's day and offering to carry the baby. From their expression we gathered that no member of this family could work more than 7i hours a day. Boughton has also painted a Dutch girl, on the ice-the Dutch pirl, in fact, whom we all know and like, for the sake of her rib stone pippin cheeks, grey eyes, and delightful little white lace skating cap. Bough ton's eyesight, I fear, is not quite so good as it was. His marvellous technical skill and superb draughtsmanship (why do el! Americans make such " strong" draughtsmen ?) are unimpaired, but his colouring is becoming somewhat confused. West-house is a lovely place ; endless delicious rooms, alcoves, and passages strewn about the building by an artist hand. Here came the Irvings, ever so many of their set, and also Mrs. T. P. O'Connor, revived and rejuvenated, und promising to grow actually handsome. She now leads about with her an immense lad, some Gft. Gin. in stature, the offspring of a previous vast and vague American marriage. The young gentleman, however, has formally adopted the T. 1'. family name, and calls himself O'Connor. He is one of Hubert Herkomer's student pupils at Dyreham, by Bushey in Hertfordshire. Awhile back he was engaged to a granddaughter of Dan O'Connell, the Liberator, but is now studying art seriously. As the waxed wooden floors and cunning little landing-places at West house are BO highly polished, and so slippery, I was surprised that this tall youth did not tumble down. James Macneil Whistler, however, did so. Just after lie had said good-"bye to Mrs. Boughton (a charming wire and hostess, indeed a "model" in every sense of the word), Jim Whistler slipped and fell, I am sorry to say. from the top to the very bottom of the staircase. As he picked himself up from the art mat at the foot, we heard him muttering half angrily, half re gretfully, " What d--d teetotaller built this house ?" Mrs. Jopling-Rowe had ever so many Show Sunday people at her studio. One of her sons died in Australia, but I forget his precise name, for Mrs. Jopling- Kowe has been thrice married-first to Mr. Jopling, an artist also, a clerk at the Horse Guards (which is different from the War Office), and a rather famous volunteer in his day. He won the Queen's Prize at Wimbledon, and after wards, I think, died under rather sad cir cumstances. Then his widow married a Mr. Itomer, and finally Mr. Kowe, a highly re spectable solicitor. Her friends say that her next husband will be called ltomist, this being the superlative of the two; indeed, Mrs. Jopling-Kowe lives in an atmosphere of partially successful epigrams, and among the kind of brilliant people who are immortalised daily in the Star's fashionable column. Although she numbers some 00 summers now, each successive marriage has rendered her more beautiful, and she possesses a soft purring sort of voice which leads you to believe that she will tell you some great feecret by-and-by; this she never actually does. George Alexander and his pretty half French little wife came to this studio, the shoulders of her putted Tudorised Batin sleeves rising above the level of her hat. Lady Windermere's Fan has taken a fresh lease of life since people have come back to town, and on the strength thereof the Alex anders are moving into a new house. As young Justin Huntley M'Carthy is beginning to assail Oscar Wilde savagely, Oscar must be a success as a dramatist after all. On Show Sunday we all drink each other's tea. You put your cup just poured out and your piece of cake on a window sill, try to look at the pic tures, and then in come new disturbing people with aggressive costumes. It is your duty to make much of the newcomers, and then the nervous host catches sight of and offers to them your abandoned tea. Miss Fortescue and Lady Colin Campbell came here, also Mrs. Frankau, who writes ob scurely improper novels under the >iom de pluir.e of "Frank Dauby." She imparted to ine that, in her opinion, the three greatest men who ever lived were-it is rather ditlicult to put it-"Jesus Christ, William Thomas Stead, and Arthur James Balfour." Mrs. Frankau is rich, and identities herself with William Archer's naughty "Indepen dent" Theatre. She is sister to Jim Davis, who formerly wrote theatrical criticisms for the Sporting Life under the title of " Brick bat." Jim Davis suffered the penalties of the law for libelling the Duke of Portland, and started the Bat, a sort of nitro-glycerine society paper, which exploded altogether after a while. All his "judgments and penalties are now settled, however, and be has become prosperous through a marriage with the daughter of Andre, a West-End hatter. Mrs. Stannard, of course, appeared, grown very fat and communicative about her j offspring, who, 6he says, cannot exiBt in | London air. When poor Sir Morell Mackenzie was introduced to this lady, she, seeing that he did not catch her name, said to him, "I'm John Strauge Winter." He stared very hard. " I mean," added the lady, " I'm Booties' Baby." Sir Morell went up to the hostess and said, in his simpering, lisp-! ing way, "You may not be aware, madam, that you have a lunatic in your house, who first told me that she was a man and then that she was anothef person's infant" Mrs. Jopling-Itovve's Academy picture, by the way, represents Mrs. Beerbohm Tree as Ophelia, her present part at the Haymarket Theatre. It is a queer caricature on the whole, depict ing Mrs. Beerbohm Tree with flowers all over her, and in her moat meretricious and stagy aspect. Jacomb Hood I found in liia new quarters at Towcr-liouse, in Tite-street, Chelsea. Whistler,Caton Woodvilte,nnd other artists used to have studios here, but Jacomb Hood has taken the whole house. The in* terior is a very perfect but rather sombre re production of Italian 14th century decora tion. Jacomb Hood paints queer allegorical subjects, which nobody buys, and he does not expect to be able to keep up bis grand new house very long at that rate. At the studio of a rising young artist, Lucian Davis, who 1B a devout Roman Catholic, I got into conversa tion with one of the visitors, rather a severe looking old gentleman of dry legal aspect, and bis wife, a staid, motherly lady, much taller than her hu«l>and. I came to the con clusion that be was legal advisertolhe Domini can Order in London-my young artist friend having been for yeans a volunteer chorister boy at their great church, Hampstend way and I asked the old gentleman what was thought in Oatholic circles of Dr. Vaughan's appointment to the see of Westminster in succession to ^burning. He was, however, too titocih iof. a diplomatist, I saw, to say uiuch aboutt|iafc When this couple went! away the artist told rne that it was Charles' Cobom, the famous interpreted of - Two Lovely Black Eyes," to whom'I bod been talkin?. 'IHmc Hies, and Ooboiru. who ia really an old man off the stagT^TT veloped quite a passion for studio life «?" also one of the best French scholars !., .?!8 country. 1U l"ia A number of famous pictures, rarelv D« of recent years, but well known L cravings and tradition, are now l,,m"en; Christies sale-rooms. Their collect). late David Price, a wealthy wool!T merchant, was one of those Philistine " 1 patrons who have done so much unv- i,, i to slay and wound British art wit l , ® y lethal cheque-books. Among these is a. small-sized replica of Frith V' btation; also an early Millais of S merit, and some fine Stansfields. Mr pX however, bought some very dreadful tures m hiB day, and here they are £ Christies. c at I saw Hep worth Dixon's two clever dn.M, ten, exquisitely dressed, and taking ""te' diligently. They are exceedingly successful journalists and art critics in these dava are likely by their talent to keep their father's name to the front. Mrs. Humphrey War 1 ;= always to be seen in these rooms narad in® up and down catalogue in hand, and ner° sonally labelled, ' I am the authoress of David, Manure and Robert Grieve-for son?,' such books)-pray observe me, and do not fail to note the expression of self-conscious ness on my chinless face." Another vetmn frequenter of Christie's is Percy Wyndlvm Lord Beaconsfield's brother, and father in' law of Lord Elcho, whose witty speech against "payment of members" the other night i« talked about everywhere as the debating success of the session. Lord Elcho threatened to claim back-pay for nine years if the " salary grab " were passed. The odd thing is that the House of Lords is said to be seriously in earnest about the proposal now. A motion in favour of paid peers would be carried by a large majority. As Victoria is Dot a Crown colonv, you do not send us deputations of ratepayers com missioned to arouse public opinion here on questions of local self-government. Cer tain Gibraltar citizens are enjoying them selves in London at present, hearing with them a grievance against the Colonial'bfliec and all the newspapers are disposed to advo cate their cause, Downing-street being quite friendless. The old Duke of Wellington's opinion about local government at MaltTi and Gibraltar was thus expressed" What what, eh ? Might as well talk of local government on board a troopship, eh Nevertheless, Gibraltar under local rule has always been the cleanest town in the whole Mediterranean, from end to end. The crying sin of the sanitary commissioners there is that they didn't prolong the sewer outfall far enough into the bay. The town drainage discharges right under the windows of tile Admiralty offices, and, in such a climate, is actually killing the unfortunate Admiralty officials one by one. Government say that when the British took the place in 1704 thev found it practically without any populatiaii at all, and that they are entitled to have things very much their own way. Local opinion claims that the local board should consist of two-thirds ratepayers ; to this Government retorts that, even so, they pay the majority of the rates, and ought to appoint a majority of official members. Of the 19,000 civilian inhabitants of the llock, by far the largest proportion is Jews. Gib raltar was at one time the only spot in Spain where this persecuted race could settle. The coaling of Bhips and smuggling are the great staple industries at Gibraltar, and the place lias thriven immensely of recent years, the Jews having made enormous fortunes at both these businesses. " Yarns" al>out Gibraltar smuggling across the neutral ground into Spain are endless. A favourite, smuggling device is to bring dogs from Spain, keep them in Gibraltaruntil they are half-starved, then tie a load of tobacco round their necks, and loose them. They at once dash off towards Spain in search of dinner. A tender-hearted young lady of socialistic principles once asked a smuggler what he did if his faithful canine agent was shot by the Spanish sentries. " Oh, senora," said ine man, " we just get another dog.'' "That," observed the lady, "is the capitalist answer everywhere." The Chauvinism or patriotic pride of the average Spanish-speak ing citizen in his British nationality is one oi the phenomenal things at Gibraltar. Sir William Bowman, the greatest oculist in this country, perhaps in the world, has just died at the age of 76. He was a Cheshire man, who worked his way right up through all the grades of his profession to the very top, ana died smothered jn honours, l'or many years past, before his retirement from practice, his fee for an operation had been cither nothing or 150 guineas, and he must have amassed the largest fortune ever made by an ophthalmic surgeon. The Germans have a great reputation in this branch of surgery, and Sir William Bowman, a few years ago, introduced a German oculist in London who almost immediately, as a com pliment to his nationality, was given a niR'j appointment at Guy's Hospital. He turnea out a complete failure, and Sir V nliain om and over again had to repair his blunders upon unfortunate patients. When operating for cataract on both eyes it is the custom, ! understand, with the best oculists to try tii terrible scraping process on one eye to begin with. They then wait a few days, get "P patient's strength, and operate on the oilier eye. The German surgeon at Guy s once addressed the students as follows<j6"cV' ment, when 1 oberate I always derate _ jjoth eyes at once. I'm not^going.to . William Powroan and Mr. Crichett botch 0 up my work any more." . ,linn The ruined " plunger, ' or man of fashion, does not in these days take to the and turn highwayman. He writes reminiscences. Ham Herbert, , . ' has testified io his friends that he Btill by describing in the New YotkConnopoUm, in collaboration with some " .tig|, well, the manners widflastomsof the Bntw Guardsmen. TWrfr "the bert was known In fee ColdBtreams as hatter," for.it is prombial that.hatuw jg mad. As be began UfcM navy, he was allowed a good deal of I j.|)e but the Guards had at last to <ji** krO880rc somewhere, ^'he"Herberts descended from I^rd Hcrbcrt of ?l ^ and represent ttie senior to which the Earls of ^c.^fe?heir estate, Powiubelong. MuckrossAbbey,.their bordering on tbe /^kwof KillnT > . ](1(J of the most beautiful Ui IUC UIUBW r" Ii l/AMinni^ ? surface. Hew and »> adjoining the only wild red dee Herbert, Irelandaretobefound. Heno Arth infl1,y father of " the hatter," was jone of^ do " handsomest menln Engl^id jj0rd He died of a broken hea«\ gufl8® lri8l. Palmers ton, who b^offetea 1 ^ pecr. peerage, woul«l»* ^ttW^nv\ettrs the too Harry, his son, . According devoted admirer oihmy *^"VraUCe than to a custom more hononro! w Jg» ^ a In England, h*df K^; hcr eon while ^^er love^o^lWT tlje old , )]Se J Tarry Herbert was so impressed by «liia nc#; of decision that lie straightway fell in live'with his own wife, who bad golden :r while tiie motlier's hair was black, verc'ii'ff °n The outraged wife, how Irr resolutely rejected her husband's suit, -iml subsequently herself eloped with a young ' i^lcnian of the name of Greenfield. This i«l to a divorce. Lady Keane bad by that time Bfrn the errors of her ways and joined <1 jievivalist community somewhere in Ire land. Hairy Herbert next wandered off to jioston, and wnsaboutto wed an heiress there when Jiis divorced wife appeared on the scene, told the American girl the story of her wrongs, and stopped the marriage. She subsequently returned to London, and after a romantic career was successful in obtain ing £'20,000 from that member of Parliament who is the original of " Egerton Bompas,"»in <jie "Times," now running at Terry's 'J'iientre. On this provision she retired. The Land Leaders and Harry Herbert's creditors between them now dispose of the whole of the income from the Muckross Estate left after paying: £'-1,000 a year to dowagers and the e"<vcourse the Cosmopolitan article tells " little about "Lite in the Guards." mw is an account of the curious hospitality rt'Wed by the Banlc of England directors to eofficers of the Guards. A dinner and two ,.tiles of superb wine are provided every day he room where the officer spends his time euard This room is situated at the end of MiiidrV winding passages in the very heart of tlie Unnlc of England premises, which are of enormous extent and situated at the junction 0i Seven different city parishes. Not so anv ye.u-s ngo a mysterious woman of short st'mire used to haunt this spot. Slie was wont to appear, no one ever knew from whence, .iiui take a look at the officer on duty through .i "rating. If she was favourably impressed iiv'liis appearance she would make bis further ?1,'vjiKiintance. vanishing as mysteriously as *lie enme. Slie was known in the Brigade of Guards as the Hank Ghost t There is nothing to relate about Miss Daisy Hopkins, the heroine of the Cambridge spin ning-liouse case, except that she has now been enthusiastically taken up by the ad vanced social purity party in the town. She will probably lecture hy-and-by. There is some prospect that Thomas Lake Harris, the poet, and patentee of a sort of " Wild West " religion, ancl the person who induced Laurence Oliphant to give him all his fortune will arrive here shortly to boom him self, make converts, and obtain cash. The Pail MaJl Gazelle seems inclined to make much of Harris. The odd thing is that while we have an abundant 6upply of local prophets, crazy sniiffy old gentlemen living in back streets in Iiornseyor Peckhara, all of them as interesting, truthful, clean, and sane as Harris, people will continue to rush off to America or Thibet to prostrate themselves at the feet ot persons like Harris and Colonel nleott, whose sole attraction is that they speak through their noses. 1 believe that the real reason why Laurence Oliphant delivered himself body and soul into the hands of the Yankee impostor was that he considered he owed some dire expiation to Heaven or io humanity for the frightful sins which he had committed during a residence in Ceylon. By a recent edict Lord Knutsford has reduced the amount of such sins possible in the island by 20 per cent, and the knowledge of this reform might perhaps placate Lord Car rington. It is becoming obvious that one of the chief functions of dukes is the expansion of the empire in the procreation of greater Britains over sea. The Dukes of Abercorn and Fife had till just lately a rival, as empire builders, in the Duke of Marlborough, who is living in comparative retirement at Blenheim, only occasionally at variance with his divorced Duchess about the allowance to be made to their son, the Marquis of Blandford. The Duke has been an active partner in that rather mysterious association " The Mozam bique Company," which at one time was at deadly feud with the British South Africa Company. The Mozambique Company began as a Portuguese concern, with a Portuguese name and Portuguese directors and conces sions. It was next supposed to have fallen into the hands of a syndicate of French capitalists, who were going to build a railway from the Mozambique coast to Mashonaland, and to control part of East Africa on anti-British principles. It ulti mately turned out that the Mozambique Company consisted chielly of Irishmen; two Dublin Quakers were the principal directors in London. An Irish contractor of the name of Despard. who built the Kimberley water works, and a Stock Exchange man called .Jeoghegan, were also active spirits in the Companha do Mocambique." The original 1 oituguesc associates and the French syndicate of course turned out to have no money, and the Duke of Marlborough joined the directorate last year, bat has lately quarrelled with everybody concerned, and liiiiilly wrote a haughty letter to Lisbon de claring that his own views must be adopted. 1 hey were not adopted, and he is about to retire in a huff. Meanwhile - Mr. Knight, who made a large fortune in Johannes burg mines, has just put £100,000 into ie- , .ozani^ique Company, and the latter, winch holds concessions from the Portuguese government over practically; the whole Mozambique territory south of the Zambesi, is about to develop the country in earnest . »ere is said to be any amount of ivory and maiarubber in the coast region, and, as the comply will be able to employ what is vir tually slave labour, under the Portuguese concessions they may makes some money 