DERRY. cncTrTi:. IV. "DEnr I" Derry turned round from the break fast-room window, through which she had been staring listlessly for quite ten minutes without soeing anything at all, absorbed in reverie. "Well, dear ? "-inquiringly. " A penny for your thoughts ; they must be deep and interesting ones, to judge from that sober face I" came laughingly from Lnah's great rocking chair, where shoe sat sewing, with a pretty matronly air that was infinitely charming. " My dear sister, you have made a rash bargain; my tlloughtewore worth less ones, and centred upon a worth less esubject-myself to wit I " said Derry, her own saucy self again, as she came and sat down upon a low stool beside Leah. " Youreolf-not a worthless subject by any means," returned Mrs. Bolton. "Do you know I was thinking of you too, Derry. I was wondering whether you ever thought of love and mar riage." "Did you think me too scatter brained to have any serious thoughts upon euoh a question ? " demanded Derry, demurely, her face upturned, and resting upon her two small hands. "You have misjudged me, Leah. I can be serious; I often am." " Yes, dear,"-with a rather dubious glance; " but you know what I mean, and marriage is a serious question." " Undoubtedly. Too serious to en gross my attention for long,"-this with a laugh that ended in a sigh. Then Derry's manner changed. " Oh, Leah, Leah, I have thought of it all many times I I have had reason to do'so'; more reason than you dream of." -Mrs. Bolton gazed at her in blank bewilderment. "I want to toll you. I have never told anyone but you, dear," went on the girl, hurriedly. " You can laugh if you like. It in quite a comedy, my little love story. You can laugh; don't mind me. I have laughed over it soores of times since-over my crc dulity, you know, and-and my sus captibility. Leah, when I was a schoolgirl, before mother married Mr. Whowell, I had a lover." ";You had a lover I" repeated Leahk, stupidly, like an echo, without any expression but wonder in her free. "Yes. It was a French school, you know, and madame allowed us English girls a great deal of liberty. He was a young Frenchman, Leah; very handsome, very distinguished, very wicked, I dare say. He was very devoted too, and used to send me generous supplies of bonbous, and fruits, and flowers. Oh, he was very gallant, I assure you, and his name was Philippe de Roclcville." " Yes," said Leah, encouragingly, her eyes full upon the feverishly flushed face before her, her hand on Derry's shoulder. " Well, dear, he wrote me letters, and I replied. A friend of his, an Eanglishman, acted as our go-between. NoWe made arrangements to meet one night in the grounds outside the house and-and to go away. I was to elope, Leah; we were to be married." She broke off, and suddenly bowed her head on her sister's knee. " Did you go, Derry ?" Derry broke into a pitiful sob. "I weut, and - and --- he never came, Leah. I have never soon him since." " What do you mean, dear ?" cried Leah, very upright, very incredulous, very indignant. "Do you mean that you kept the appointment, and that the villain never came to your rendezvous 7" " Just that I" said Derry, lifting her crimson, shame-stricken face for an instant. " He had only been playing with me. It was a comedy, of course, to trifle with a susceptible schoolgirl. You can laugh, Leah I" Then, with a little cry of chumiliation and distress, " Fancy it i To be bandied about and played with so l To own that one loved, and to be made the victim of such a joke I To be willing to follow a man to the end of the world, and to be cruelly jilted and scorned 1 Fancy it, Leah I" For a few moments Leeh said no thing. She was so sorry, so amazed and indignant at the recital of such perfidy, she could only stroke the pretty, bowed head soothingly, and seek for fitting words of comfort. " Never mind, dear I" she said presently. " It was long ago. You must have forgotten him. Surely you don't love such a scoundrel still ? You can't I" "Love him I" cried Derry, passion ately, her slender figure beginning to quiver for sheler agitation. "I-I hate him! Iloathe himl I Oh, Loahl wams I not to be pardoned ? I was suach a childI I-I didn't lnow what love was. I was so foolish, but not wicked, Loahl Only thoughtless and rock lose 1" " It is all over, all past, long ago. Of course you were not wicked, dar ling. You must forgot all that now. Oh, Derry, how could he wrong you so? I am glad you have told me all." "It is a relief to have unburdened my conscience," smiled Derry, more calmly now. "You aro such a oom lorting father confessor, Leah, and I am glad you know it all. I have often meant to tell yoti this, but I was so ashamed, and it is suchi a foolilsh story, isn't it ? Leak, do you thiunk it would he right to marry any man without raelliug him all that ? Ishould never dare to !" "Of course it wouldn't be nece oary. It was all a -mistake. You didn't really love then, and you would have a heart entirely free to give." "I am glad of that," said the girl, with a sigh of content. "I am glad you think confession would be un. necessary. I neuvr should have dared to tell any man how foolish I had b6en. I should have felt that he would have despdised me for over." "Nousense, dlcr; he wouldn't." "FYoi don't thinki so P" " Wynne Leith wouldn't." Leah was taiughing now in her old bright filshion. "Don't talk so; don't mention him 1" cried Dterry, her cheekls Ling. ling. "I don't want to heoar his name." " You must have quarrelled, you two I". raid Lea, slowly and medita tively. " I was amazed yesterday, and so, I think, was he. How has he offended ?" " Pshaw I He hasn't offended I lie is not of sufficieout importance to me to be able to offend me," said Derry, loftily, sauntering away to the window again. " We won't talk about him, dear I" "Yes, we will," said Leah, per versely, takling up the cudgels boldly in defence of the absent culprit. " I want to know why hbe was so dread fully snubbed and slighted yesterday afternoon. You wore his roses, but you wouldn't look at him." "He didn't want me to. He was perfectly happy in other society than mine," said Derry, with much outward calmness, but with an ominous tap of her dainty slipper upon the polished floor. "I'm sure he looked happy enough I" " But he wasn't," returned Leak. "He was just wretched. I was with him and his sister a great deal, and I couldn't help seeing it. She saw it too, I fancy." "HIls sister I I didn't know he had one "-with a yawn of feigned indif ference. " Oh, yes I Such a nice girl I Very delicate-looking, but pretty. You must have noticed her. She wore blue. She is lame, poor thing !-and Wynno seems the most devoted and chivalrous of brothers to her. I ad mire him for it." " Blue-lame I" gasped Derry, in coherently. " His sister!" " Yes, dear, and as I said, a very nice girl indeed I Derry, what is the matter 2" " Oh, Leah, I have been horrid just horrid!" cried Derry. "I-I didn't know I I had never seen her I His sister I" And with this unintelligible ex planation, Deorry rushed precipitately out of the room. "I thought as much," said Leah, to herself, with a complacent smile. " So it was jealousy alter all I Poor Derry I" When half-an-hour later Wynne Leith called, and asked to see " Miss Millward," Mrs. Bolton told him smilingly that that young lady was somewhere in the conservatory, and advised him to go and look for her. So into the conservatory he went, slowly, a little doubtfully, wondering what reception would be his. Soon Wynne found himself face to face with Derry. She was standing full in the sun's radiance; it surrounded her as with a halo, touching the folds of her white gown into shimmering gleams, and bathing her chestnut hair in burnished splendour. There was a great crim son rose swinging carelessly in one little hand, its fellow rose and fell with each tumultuous throb of her bosom. Seeing him her face flushed; she came slowly to his side and stood be fore him mutely for a moment ; then she raised her eyes and spoke to him with a faint, uncertain tremor in her sweet voice. "I-I have brought you a rose," she faltered, and put the fragrant, crimson-petalled peace- offering into his hand. He looked at it, then back again at her. Surely never before was a maid so perfect, so alluring I A man might sell his soul for such a woman as this. " You are very kind, Miss Derry," he said, gravely; " much kinder than you were yesterday." She began to tremble a little ; she put out both hands with an involuntary gesture of appeal. "Don't think of that I" she cried. "I am ashamed, Mr. Leith. I was silly, and-and I didn't know; I thought-" But she could go no further ; her tongue refused its office ; she was con fused, and had not a word to utter in self-defence. Besides, how could she explain her coquetry to WynneLeith ? But there was no necessity to explain. Oh, shame-crimsoned cheeks ; oh, sweet, tremulous lips; oh, eyes, dueky and luminous, with tears beneath your drooping lashes, ye were all so eloquent, so irresistible I Tihe wild passion that filled his heart surged suddenly into his eyes, overflowed upon his lips in a cry of fierce, unconquerable longing. " Dorry, Derry 1" She shuddered, but not for fear; with a little sob she moved a step nearer to him ; that was all her answer. He took her into his arms ; his mad kisses spent themselves feverishly upon her lips; the marble of her brow grewo red beneath them, they kIindled her cheoks into hotter flame. He did not woo her with flowery phlrases and seductive figures of speeoh. " Out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speakleth," and in his heart there was room only for the one idea of his deathless love and longing. " I love you, dear-I love you 1" That was all that he had to toll her, and he told it in just so many words. Alas l had they but known it, a serpent was soon to outer their Eden. Where was there over a Paradise into which Laucifer could not creep ? OIAPTERc v. To-meorrow sil come, sne to- morrow, With glory on asea and sky; iut I shall carry my sorrow Alonte until I die, sang Derry at the piano, her fingers drawing soft, slow chords from the Ikeys, her lips smiling as she sang the mournful words. Perhaps the incongruity of the melancholy song and her own supreme content struck her. She broke off abruptly, and wheeled round to face Leanth. " What a wandering creature you've been all the evening," she cried, mer rily. "Up and dlown tbhe room, up and down, and sometimes staring out of the window, like some modern Lady of Shalot. WThat is the mat ter ? " " Nothling,""-smilingly. " Oh, nonsenso I Ah I I remember now. The one and only Clarence is absent, and you are frotting over it," -this with a mocking affectation of great compassion. "He cometh not I" she said. "' She said, I am a-weary, aweary, I would that I were dead.' That's it, isn't it, Leah ?" " Silly child, I'm not fretting. Far from it. I have seldom felt so excitedly happy as I do to-night." " And why ?" " I can't tell ; there is no reason for it at all. I am happy without any particular cause. I don't know why; I feel as though something is about to happen." " So it is," said Derry, with much solemnity. "Depend upon it, some thing very soon will happen. You are fey, Leah, as our Scotch cousins would tell you; that's what's the matter. You may shortly expect some crushing calamity to occur. Your now gown will be sent home a perfect fright; or Clarence will ab stractedly sit down upon your best bonnet; or-the servants will give warning in a body, or something else dreadful will happen. I don't envy you your exaltation; it precedeth a fall. Oh ! my prophetic soul." "Don't be so ridiculous I" laughed Leah. "There's Clarence's step in the hall; I must run upstairs and change my dress I" She ran away, light-hearted and bright-eyed. Derry gazed after her thoughtfully, and began to soliloquise half-aloud. " What devotion I That girl wor ships her husband I Preserve me from ever becoming such an idolatress. Why, I couldn't love a man like-" But there she stopped, blushing deliciously to herself, and dropping her eyes, for she remembered her own passion for Wynne, and how all absorbing it was. Sitting there in the summer twi light, in her trailing yellow tea- gown, with yellow roses in her bosom and hair, she looked a picture of perfect girlish loveliness; her throat and shoulders gleamed snowily above the edge of her low-cut dress; her bare arms were round and dimpled, tempt ing enough to have bewitched St. Anthony; one tiny yellow satin slipper peeped from under her sweep ing shirts. Her beautiful face was bent, or she would have surely seen the figure of the man who stood amongst the shadows upon the threshold. He closed the door softly, then sprang to her side ; his eyes were full of fierce, hungry fire; they devoured her loveli ness, gloated over her for an instant with that odious eagerness which the depraved feel always for innocence; then stooping, he thrust one hand violently over her trembling, scorn curved lips. " I love you I I love you I You shall love me, Derry I" he muttered, with an inarticulate gasp of longing and desire. "Kiss me l" He kissed her passionately upon her red mouth, upon her shoulders, he grasped her with a savage power that hurt her tender limbs. " Mr. Bolton," she gasped, palpitat ing with rage and shame and disgust, and struggling violently to free herself, " for heaven's sake, let me go I Are you mad ? Coward, coward, to insult me so I' His hot breath panted feverishly over her throat as he hissed her again more wildly than ever. The fire that leaped through his veins could be quenched only by satiety, could be quenched only at the cost of her inno cence; his passion was beyond re straint now. " I will call for help I " said the girl, beginning to sob for fear. "I will exposo this cowardly insulting conduct of yours. You villain, what would your wife say ? " His wife ? A slight, shivering form was stand ing in the doorway, but neither of the two saw it ; those warning footsteps had been so swift and light; and, besides they were far too much absorbed in antagonism to heed any thing outside themselves. " My wife ? What do Icare for her 1 I am sick of her-I loathe her! " cried the man vehemently. "How could I ever care for an insipid being such as she is, after seeing you ? I care only loved you. I have loved you always, Derry-always I " "Wretch, I hate you I" sobbed Derry, renewing her vain struggles for freedom ; "I have no words to tell you. Let me go I Oh, Clarenoo, for poor Leah's sake, do not force me to cry for help ; think of the scandal of it -the shame of it. Clarence, let me go, and I will forgive you for all that has passed-I will tell no one I Lot me go I " " Not until you have kissed me as you used to kiss Philippe de Roche ville; not until you have kissed me even more fondly." "You are Hastings Bramwell, " she oriod, her eyes blank with amaze and pain. "You-you Irnow all that happened at St. Malo. Why have you changed your name ? Why----" His cruel hand held her so tightly, his white fingers gagged those sweet lips, she could struggle no longer. He gave her a fierce shake, as a tiger might shake the tender prey which it has made its own. Poor, hapless, innocent Derry I Her eyes pleaded for her through a veil of tears as he kissed her again, cooling his flaming face in the silent teardrops that coursed over her white cheeks. Overcome by his brute strength, she swayed forward, half senseless, upon his breast. The figure at the door drew forward slowly into the room, watchling, with haggard, straining eyes, the passion of his caresses; watching, with hands outstretched, as though to ward off a deathotroke, with a faos glazed and drawn, waxen-pallid like the face of a corpse. "Dorryl Derry I Derryl" And at every word a kiss. "Derry I " " Oh, Heaven I " At that sudden cry of exceeding bitterness, hope and a flush of thank fulness, mingled with shame, stole into Derry's pale face. Clarenouce Bolton sprang aside; and his trembling captive, bursting from his grasp, rushed to the door. Leahl was there, cowering against the wall, her face hidden in her hands, her bosom rising and falling in dry, tearless sobs, the sobs of a woman whose heart is brohken. Derry touched her softly on her shoulder in a vain attempt to rouse her. Clarence had passed out through the French window and into the grounds beyond. " Leah !-dear, dear Loah I " A spasm of agony shook her slender figure; but there wao no raising of the bowed head-no whisper passed the mute lips. " Leah, my darling, don't think so bitterly about all this I Your husbafnd didu't mean what he said I You must not.let it grieve you, dear Leah I For. got it l" No answer. But the poor, deceived, despairing girl-wife suddenly flung her arms about her sister's neck, and clung to her silently. Derry caught a glimpse of her face. It made her shudder. It was the face of one who has no hope left upon earth. They stood there together for a long while, speechless, with only the close clinging of arms, the warm pressure of wistful lips, to speak their mutual sorrow and sympathy. Through Leah's half-dazed brain the verse that Derry had been recently singing rang over and over again To-morrow will come and to-morrow, With glory on sea and sky I But I aball carry my sorrow Alone until I die Until I die I She had loved so fondly, so truly, so faithfully; she had been so proud and contented ; and this was the end -this, the falsity and contempt of him she worshipped I " We will go away to-morrow to St. Halo. We will go away from him I" whispered Derry, falteringly, at last, with another futile consola tion. We will forget- " Then suddenly Leah drew herself away, from thosesoft, encircling arms; drew herself away, speaking in dull, hoarse tones that no one had ever heard from her before " Good-bye, Derry I I-can never forget I I loved him I" "My poor darling." " You don't understand I You never will I-" gasped the poor girl, slowly. " I have nothing to hope for but-death, Darry I" She moved away with curiously steady stops; her hands swung list lessly at her side, her face was droop ing upon her breast I Derrry moved after her, a sudden sickness of dread and presentiment at her heart. She feared she knew not what. " Where are you going, Leah ?" Leah did not look back, her answer came clear and distinct "I am going to Clarence I" She passed on into the gloomy shadows without, the darkness swallowed her up; the faint rustle of her white gown, the faint echo of her footsteps died away, then all was silent. " We will leave that wretch to morrow," whispered Derry to herself ; " we will go right away, where no thing can come to remind us of all this." She went up to her pretty bedroom and began to pack a few trifles which she intended to take with her. They would go away, and then she would write explaining the condition of affairs to Wynne. Wynne would help and advise them. At the very thought of his name calmness returned to her; she felt strong and courageous, ready to meet whatever the future might bring. She began even to refleoot that this mortifi cation had not been unmixed evil; without it she might never have been able to free her sister from the man whom she had discovered to be Hastings Bramwell, the Englishman who had acted as the go-betweeoon for herself and her former sweetheart. She had noticed the similarity between him and "Clarence Bolton " when first she had seen Leah's husband. To be sure, Bolton was fair and some what stout, and Bramwell had been very thin and very dark; but then, hair dyes and cosmetics are easily ob. tainable now-a-days, and good living is a grand flesh-producer. But why had Bramwell seen fit to assume an alias ? Pondering over all these things, she occupied herself busily in sorting and packing such things as she required. And the time wore slowly on, minutes grew into hours, and still Leah had not returned from the garden. CHAlTER v,. "I have been looking for you, Clarence." The hollow, broken tones forced their way to Clarence Bolton's under standing as he stood buried in moody reverie, beside the lake in the grounds, to which he had wandered after leav ing the house. He wheeled round sharply. " Well?" His voice was cruelly hard and con temptuous, but its contempt and bru tality could not wound the girl before him; she was beyond that. Agony and despair had blunted her sensi. bility perhaps; a heavy numbness seemed to bind her limbs and deaden her senouse. She did not speak for a moment, only stood looking at him with an ex pression of dumb longing, as a dog might look at the master who has beaten it; then she went on speak ing. "I have been looking for you," she repeated, in dull, laboured tones, " for a great while. I wanted to see you." "Well, hero I am. What do you want ? " " I wanted to tell you that- Oh, Clarence, Olarence-oh, Clarence, my darling I" She broke down ; her stony insen sibility melted into a burst of tears. She stood there sobbing. But her misery did not move the man before her; he frowned heavily. " You are determined upon making a scene, it seems l So be it, then; cry yourself to quietness alone, and come to me when you can talk sensibly -not before I" He was striding rapidly away, but she sprang after him, calm again. The tears on her cheeks were still wet. She choked back her sobs with a woman's noble endurance and in domitable resolution. "Lsten to mi,'" shs raid, seizing his arm, "I will not make a scene ; I will be calm, quite calm, and quiet. Seo, I am not crying now. I want to speak to you; there are things that must be said to-night, and I want to say them. Be patient and hear them." " If you have anything to say, say it quickly," he returned, with a bitter laugh. "Of course, it isn't any use to play at cross-purposes any longer. You know that I love that tantalising little devil of a sister of yours, and I know that you know it. Perhaps it is as well you do. I] was getting about surfeited with your sentimentali ties; it was a case of ' feed me with apples, for I am sick of love. ' " " I understand," said his wife, slowly; her wistful gaze still fastened upon him. "I may have been exact ing, Clarence; love always is, you know, more or less. More, in my case, I suppose." She tried to smile, a pathetic ghost of a smile, so wan and mirthless, it was infinitely more pitiful than tears. "You were exacting, nauseously so," said Mr. Bolton, pettishly. " Women always are; it is their nature, I suppose." "Yes, I think it is," said Lash, wearily. "A woman's heart has room for nothing but love, and she looks for some return." He turned away. " I am not grumbling," wont on the gentle, passionless tones; "I do not complain. I had a golden return for the love I gave-months of idyllic bliss, Clarence. It was happiness founded upon ignorance; of course, that does not matter. I was very, very happy. Don't they say that in such cases it is folly to be wise ?" Again she broke off with that pathetic, heartbroken little smile. Her husband turned upon her fiercely. " Have you finished ?" he demanded harshly. "No, not quite. How cruel ycu are to me I how cold and disdainful ! Bear with me for a little while-for a very, very little while I It is difficult, for I dare say you imagine that I stand be tween you and happiness, don't you 2" "Curse you, I know you do I" he hissed between his teeth. I- " : She put up her hand to check him. " Don't say any more," she pleaded; "don't curse me again, Clarence. Some day you may be sorry for it. I don't want you ever to be sorry, dear; I have loved you, I love you, too well to wish you any sorrow. If I might, I would expiate all your faults in my own person. I would do anything for you; surely you know that, don't you ?" "I know one thing, that my patience is coming to an end. I am sick of all this palaver. Do be quiet, Leah." "I will not keep you much longer. Do not go, Clarence ; this is the very last time that ever you and I shall talk together like this. Do not grudge me a few minutes of your time." "I suppose you mean, then, to make a scandal, and have a separa tion, and all that? What fools womenfolk are t" he cried, roughly. "No; not a separation-not in the sense you mean," she said. " I-I am tired and heartsick, dear; do not speak so unkindly to me. Tell me, Clarence, if you were not married to me, and were free to marry anyone else whom you might choose, free to woo Derry, would you be happy ?" " Happy ?" he cried, a cruel eager ness in his gaze. "Why, I should think so 1" How could he ? Oh, how could he ? " But suppose - suppose - Derry might not be willing ; ..she is already engaged, you know ; she may not be willing to break off her engagement. I-I don't think she cares for you, Clarence I" " She is a coquette; she cares for no one yet; but I could soon teach her," he said. His wife bowed her: white face in sudden anguish, remem boring how easily he had taught her the lesson, how apt a pupil she had been. "Pehaw I what's the good of talking like this I You are bound to me yet by all the fetters matrimony can forge; a man can't marry two wives, Leah, and I have one I" "Yes; you have one," she re turned. The still calmness of her manner was unohanged, but there were tears in her tone. "Now you have one wife, Clarence ; maybe soon you will have none I" "Faugh I you're not likely to die. You're as well as can be ; your consti tution is one of the strongest possible I You will live on to an old age 1" "I don't think so." " And pray why not ?" Suddenly she burst into a wild torrent of sob-broken words, the lament her poor heart insisted upon before its last agony of renunciation. "My darlingl I Oh, Clarence, my husband-my own I Pity me-pity me I How could I toll that you did not love me ? How could I guEs? I have loved you; I shall love you for ever and ever. Oh, my darling, be kind to me onco I Kiss me once as you used to do. Do you remember oer honeymoon, Clarence, and how you swore to love me always ? Oh, love me now, for one little-little moment I I am so wretched, dear I If you would kiss me once I should die content I Clarence 1 Clarence 1 Clarence i" With a low, pitiful cry she fluing her arms round his neck and clung there. She was weeping; her hands were very cold; the blonde masses of her hair fell heavily upon his shoulder; her quivering lips sought his. Once, twice, shs kissed him, quietly, resignedly, as one kisses those whom one willnever meet again; then she raised her head, and withdrew her arms. " Good- bye, my darling I Re member always that I loved, and that I forgave I " Before he could answer or divine the meaning of her strange words, she rushed from his side, and funn herself into the icy waters of the lakm. He rusebed after her, and stared at the water's edge, watobing the ripples spread and dimple, and eddy broader and broader still around the spot wvhere sheo had sunk-one foot was in the lake. Ah that foot in the water bore out the strange verse of Shakespearo'e Sigh no more, ladies, sigh no more, L~n awere deceivers ever; One foot in sea, and one on shbore, To one thing constant never. How strange she looked as she sank in the cold waters of the lake, her hands stretched towards him, a smile upon her face, while the ornamental wreath upon her hair looked like a band of mistletoe about her fair head. A cluster of bubbles appeared upon the glassy surface, and in the midst of the bubbles he saw Leah's fair hair floating and swaying about her white, still face. Oh, Heaven, how still I But there was hope yet ! She had been in the water but a few seconds; she could not-oh, surely she could not be already lifeless ! With one swift, strong effort he might drag her from that treacherous bosom upon which she had laid down to sleep and to forget; he might kiss the colour back to those dumb lips, the light to those heavy eyes, the life and animation to those cold, motion less limbs. He might have done all this, but he did not. He thought of Derry's maddening grace and beauty, of her sprightly manner and her musical tones; he made up his mind to win her by force or by persuasion, and he rushed away from the place where his wife was dying-away from the great silent lake, and up to the house. He rushed tiaway with the stigma of "murderer" burning into his brain ; with the brand of a Cain, fearing the face of all men, written upon his craven, livid features ; and he left the woman he had sworn to love and hoberish to her fate. Oh I Leah, Leah, floating slum brously to and fro in the pallid lake, death is but a bitter Lethe. You were worthy of a happier lot. He passed through the open French window into the drawing-room. It was empty. One of Derry's fragrant yellow roses lay upon the carpet, where it had dropped as she rushed from the room. Clarence Bolton picked up the flower and kissed it. " It has been Derry's I" he whis pered to himself. "It has lain upon her bosom; she has touched it." He put it carefully into his breast pocket, and crept away upstairs. "It is to gain her that I have done all this," he muttered, guiltily, pacing up and down his own room. "It was for the sake of love. All's fair in love and ;war. Pshaw I how my hand shakes." He mixed himself a stiff glass of whisky-and-water, and drank it at a draught. "Dutch courage" may be a con temptible kind of valour, but it is very acceptable to a craven criminal whose conscience is as deeply dyed as this man's was. He hated solitude. It was peopled by too many ghosts for him---ghosts that haunted his brain inconveniently and incessantly, and refused to be laid; the ghost of his dead mother, who had broken her heart over his youthful recklessness and crime I the ghost of pretty Nina Rivers, whose actress career had ended in shame and utter ruin, owing to her truet in his plausible promises; the ghost of handsome young Philippe de Roohe ville, whom he had lured to ruin and a suicide's grave at Monte Carlo; and now the ghost of poor tender, faith ful Leah. Ah, that was the most fear. fraught ghost of them all i He thought reluctantly of all her girlish grace, her innocent expressions of trust and love, her pride in him. How pure, and true, and gentle she was l and he had driven her to what ? He groaned unconsciously and hid his face as he thought of it all; not from remorse, but from fear-fear of the Nemesis that must surely await so heartless a crime as his had been. Conscience makes cowards of us all, and with such a conscience as Hast ings Bramwell owned there was surely cause for cowardice. He flung away his half-smoked cigar impatiently, and opened the win dew. Leaning. out into the cool air, he sought to cool the feverish heat of his brow. But the night wind, sighing and whispering outside, seemed to call to him with Leah's voice ; a nightingale, singing far away, seemed to wail her name through the hush; the pallid moon above him reminded him in vague, unaccountable fashion of that ghastly white, wet face he had seen upon the lake. He shuddered, and snapped the window down. He trembled in every limb, terror-palsied. To-morrow-to-morrow he would leave the horror- haunted place. He would pay off the servants liberally, pretending that his wife had deserted him. He would bribe them to be silent on account of the scandal which would follow the liublis discovery of her flight; and then he would go away to some distant sunny land, and leave the lake to guard its dreadful secret, for surely the sunken body would never be dragged to the light of the day I By-and-by Marshwood'should be sold I It was an admirable plan. Oh, yes; he would go away--but not without seeing Derry. And' at that thought a spasm of terror and pain convulsed his features. How dare be meet her? How dare he ever meet her truthfuil, beautiful eyes again ? (To bc ceotinied.) 