AQUATICS. Hie Intercolonial Railway Four-oared Race lias been fixed for April 9. The race will take place on the Yarra. The following programme ha3 been decided upon by the New South Wales Rowing Association for its regatta, which is to take place on April 7 on the PaiTAmutta River: — Junior Fours liuudicap, Out- Eights. It has also been decided to send a represen tative eight to Queensland to take part in the Inter colonial Eight-oared race which is to bo rowed on May 14. ' Mr. J. E. Myers, the popular skipper of the East Sydney Rowing Club, takes the members ot the club next Saturday afternoon to Ghowder Bay, where an afternoon's sport is to be held. The Balmain Rowing Club have fixed March 19 for their annual regatta, and the following programme has been issued .Senior Pairs, Maiden Fours (handicap), Single Sculls, Maiden Double Sculls and Trial Fours. The Glebe Jtcgatta, which is to bo held on March 5, promises to be a very successful gathering. Messrs. J. A. Smith and W. Gouhling will represent the Jfcmb Sydney Club in the senior double sculls, whilo the Mercantile Club will be represented by Messrs. F. ytayner and W. Hotteu. The Mercantile Rowing Club will hold two races for its members on the Farrumatta River on April 2, a maiden double sculfs, and maiden four in gigs. Tho club will he represented at the East Sydney Rowing Club's regatta by Messrs. IS. lladley aud A. Debeile on March 26. The Rowing Association will hold a meeting on the 25tli inst., when the proposed alteration of a bonalldc amateur will be dotcrmiucd. Tho Sydney Flying Yacht Squadron have a race this afternoon for 14ft. to 18ft. boats. Tho course will bo the usual one off Clark Island. The follow ing arc tho handicaps : — First heat : Our Boys (G. Fletcher, sen.), lmin. ; Thistlo (0. P. M'CouviUeX lifmhi. ; Nyphias (A. Woodley), 2min. ; The Gift, 2imin. ; Our Roy (F. W. Snowdcn), 3£min. ; Pcarle (T. Lcacli), 4uiin. Second heat: Cygnet (T. Cole- brook, jun.), scratch ; Our Own (T. Colcbrook, sen.), 1 Jmiii. ; Our Leu (J. IJawkes) and Violet (D. Boyd), 2lmin. ; Rose (C. Webb), 3iniu. ; Torn (C. llellings), 4.1mm. The Neutral- Bay Amateur Sailing Club holds a race (limited crews, any sails) this afternoon for trophies presented by .Mr. C. Mitchell and Mr. B. Lloyd, with a sweepstako added by tho club for a third prize, over thu following course : — Flying start at 3 p.m. from Neutral Bay, down to and round lightship and Sow and Pigs (keeping the Orient buoy on the north side), round Shark Island, rouuu Orient buoy, back round Shark Island, and back, finishing over starting line. The following are tho boats entered, with their respective handicaps : — Myee, scratch ; Whaler, 6rnin. ; Lurline and Fhryne, 9mm. ; Netta, lOniin. ; Vnouna, Xarlfa aud Mulgoa, 15min. : .Eilio, 17min. ; Varunn, 20min. The steamer Jenny Liml will bo at the disposal of the members and their friends, leaving Government Wharf at 3 o'clock. Thu East Sydney Sailing Club liavo a race this afternoon open to all boats, best and best, handicap xnu course win oe cither the Manly or ligiitsniu one, whichever is chosen by the skippers. A atuuuiei will follow the race, which will be under tho command of Mr. Donovan; starter and timekeeper, Mr. T. MullniLl. The following aro the handicaps :— lila, scratch, Mr. J. M'Murtrio ; Volunteer, jiniiL. Mr. J. Robinson; Lottie, fhnin., Mr. C. Fairfax; Susie, auiiii., .Mr. JL Pcaree; Regina, Umin., Mr. G. Perrett : Cruigielee, 2min., Air. P. Roberts; Isadora, 2min., Mr. J. Young; Ghost, 2min., Mr. A. Thomas; Idothea, 4inin., .Mr. W. A. Notting; Rosotta, 4miiL, .Mr. W. Read; Our Own, 4Amin., Mr. S. Hellhigs ; Alma, 5min,, Mr. J. Nichols; Noreus, 6min., Mr. George J'illis ; Victor, (>imin., Mr. G. Fletcher, jun. ; Triton, 7min., Mr. Thomas Trout; Grace Darling, 6Hniti.,Mr.\V. Griffiths ; .Elsie, Biniiu, Mr. A. Brown ; 1 verna, 9'.min., -Mr. R. Tombs ; Rosalind OAiniiu, Mr. F. Yarrow. The Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron have a race this afternoon for yachts handicapped under 10 rating. The cour&c; is from a line off Orlando buoy, round buoy at Manly, round Shark Island, outside Pile light, round Fort Donisnii ; theuce round Pile light at Wulsnu's Bay and back to ilngboat oif Fort Dciiison. The handicaps aro : lolanthe, W. M. Maehmly, scratch , Sao, A. J. Soutar, 30sec. The third regatta in coiuiccliuu with tliu New South Wales Naval Brigade Aquatic and Athletic Club will be held in Farm Cove next Saturday. Six events are included in the programme, comprising sailing race (open to all service boats), whalor race, cutler race, company winder race, all- uomois and copper pants. 11. M.S. Wolverene is to bu th€ llagHiip. Sub-lieutenant Spain is him. secretary ul the aiiair, ami entries close with him on Tuesday evening next, at the drill-shed. The prizes will be Iiamled over ou board the fiaship at the conclusion of the regatta. 