RELIGIOUS NEWS. In MemoiU of the Late Hugh Giljiobk.— The services at Wellington-square on Sunday, October 23, were very largely attended. It hf-ina thpi first anniversarv of the death of the late pastor, llugn uumore, tne services par took of the character of a memorial. The Church was moat beautifully and chastely decorated with flowers and wreaths, a speci ally fine wreath and a harp with broken strings being placed on the mural tablet dedicated to Mr. Gilmore's memory. A large lifelike por trait of the deceased gentleman also occupied a conspicuous place above the platform. The Rev. J. Day Thompson's sermons bore special reference to' the occasion. In the morning he preached from the ' Call of Moses,' and said he found in it much that was suggestive of his friend's career. The call to Moses came through his intense sympathy with his people in their oppressions and misery. The fact of their suffering appealed to a thoughtful mind and to a sensitive heart. Hugh Gilmore's difference from many people who looked at tlie same facts of human sorrow as he saw lay in his thoughtfulness aud sensibility. To see was one thing, to be stirred to help was another. So with Abraham Lincoln and the slaves in Amerioa; Lord Shafte3 bury and the poor little children and oppressed working women in England, and General Booth and the 'submerged tenth.' Moses could not live at the court ?,.4-;io k;o Krothron tnilorl afc the brickkilns. He was drawn irresistibly to look on them, and having seen their wrongs he gave himself to save them, lie brooded long in 6olitudeover the call. It came to him, seconded by deep religious feeling and by the thought of his great ancestry. The burning bush was but the symbol of the burning passion that rilled the heait of Moses to free his kindred from the yoke of the despot. The voice of the Lord called to him out of the- midst of the bush, because that voice was already pealing in his heart. Every true helper of humanity like Hugh Gilmore.had his burning bush, and his call coming out of it to high and courageous service. As to Moses there might come, and there did como in tho case of all workers, opposing considerations to be fought, down, such as— Are those people worth sacriicing so much for ? Are there nob strong family claims pressing upon me? Does cot a life, of ease, luxury, and literary enjoyment lie before me invitingly ? Am 1 fit to under take this work? But though obe dience to the call would entail toil and tax patience, honpur and success would be the sequel. Not perhaps immediate or unqualified success. Moses died on Nebo, 'on this bide Jordan's wave.' He had to hand on his work to another. Hugh Gilmore died in his prime ; ' his eye was not dim, nor his natural force abated ;' but though he passed away before attaining half he wished he did not die hopeless of the issue. He en dured as seeing Hun who is invisible, and died in full faith of the better future for the humanity he loved. The sermon in the even ing was based on the Sonc of Simeon over the infant Christ— the swan song, as the preacher called it), sung in immediate anticipation of riontV Annlvsinp thfi character of 'the old man eloquent in connecwira wilu ms uenuuuui psnlm, Mr. Thompson found in it much the same features as marked the eloquent preacher, whose departure was such a ioas to .the com munity. In both there was a broad, manly, symmetrical religiousness c6mbining the just and tlie devout, the mystic and the practical ; in both there was a deep religious insight, the power of vivid spirtual vision. Neither arrived at truth by bare reasoning but by a flash of intuition. The internal evidence was much more to both than the external and merely historical. The truth comes to such by a flash, and they must feel it before thoy could believe it. In both, too, there was large religious liberality, which went far beyond the ecclesiastical pinfold in which they had been brought up. Sitreon saw salvation for out siders, and so did Mr. Gilmore. Both might have been— one certainly was— denounced as latftudinarian, but each had that large Godly charity which was always ready to see some thing that was good in creeds and com munions the most diverse from his own. Each was broad with tho breadth of God's love, and narrow with tho narrow ness of God's righteousness. To each in the end came a death of neacefulness and content. Each could say. ' Now art Thou setting free Thy slave, O Master, in peace.' Though Mr, Gilmore died more prematurely than Simeon rin-ifh to him Vina no rudo wrench or shock. He said fervently, 'All as UoU wills.' lio, too, had obtained, so far, worthy ends, and stili worthier expectations. And yet they were alike, too, in this, that each had seen but the dawn of .the- near kingdom— the ' Christ that was to be.' Each life dosed in the mellow music of hope and confidence, with the sense of the world revolving into aapblor day.. The services were most impressive, and th.e. hvmns sung were very appropriate. 'St. Pktek's Ciiuncu, Glexk.lg.— OriSunday morning and afternoon special services wcye conducted at St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, y{e offertories being in aid of the Melaneaiari Mission and tho preacher the Rev. 0. Bice. The text in the morning wa3 Psalm lxvii. 1-2. Had the psalm been written in the nino teenth century, Eaid the preacher, it would have been adopted as the chief of missionary hymns. It was most pleasing to note how that is c!4 times men had been so anxious to spread the knowledge of God's lovo. But in our day the same feeling- was mani fefct. The man ' who knew the love of God would desire that what had proved so groat ft blessing to himself should be spread abroad so that others might show his beautiful ar.d glorious privileges. The language breathed forth was iirst, oug of deep gratitude ; and, secondly, 0110 of deep love. In this country wo had temporal blessings in abundance, and spiri tual blessings in all fulness. These privilege brought power. The (^ueen had said' that her power lay in , the Bible. These blessings were the cifta of God, and it should be ours t-^ e'nQW gratitude. We had receive^ m^a flnd'should give much. People &jtid; thai gratitudo was dyinp out. The preacher did not believe that it was dying out, When people tried to bles3 others they got a 'blessing in return. The iiclanesian Mission was an important subject) (0 Australians. It was from the Melanosian Islands that the kanakas were procured who were taken to Queensland. We had; a duty to these kanakas. The results of tho work were manifest. There were 5,000 scholars in the schools, 13 natives ordained preachers, and 200 young men teachers. He hoped to see a native Church with native clergy in tho district. The Gospel was for all nations. None were too black fop the blood of Christ. God's palace should bo in the hearts of all people. It was our duty to pray and to give. The afternoon service was for children, and an interesting address was delivered by tho Rev. C. Bice. Cakuondown Baptist Cituncn.— A service of song entitled ' Daybreak on Heathen Dark ness' was given on Sunday afternoon at the Baptist Church, Carrondown, by tho Sunday school scholars. The Rev. 'j. Nancarrow (rave the connective readings, and the Choir were assisted by an excellent orchestra under the leadership of Mr. 1'. Beauchamj). Miss Harrison presided at the organ, and the Choir n.aster(Mr. A. .Tames) conducted. ! Thosolo3 n ere delivered with effect, and the chorus bore fvidence of good and careful training. The Church was well filled. ': GoxcnECATioxAL Union* and Homk Mis 'i-Mf. — At Stow Memorial Church thi'3 ovon irg the annual meetings in connection with tl e' above will bo inaugurated by a reception Ira. choial servico. and the address by the Chairman (Mr. J. Vardon, J.P.) ; Kent Town Methodist Ciiuncn.— The tea nr.d public rneeting3in connection withtheanni ? 1 rsary celebration of this Church Stake place tl is evening. Pout Wesleyan* Church. — Services in c( mmemoration of the anniversary of the Port Adelaide Wesleyan Church were continued on Sunday. In the morning the Rcy. J. C. Hill pienchod to a good congregation, and in the evening the President of the Conference (Rev. 3\. Allen) occupied the pulpit. Suitable anni versary hymns were rendered at both ^rvices by the choir- and the children, under the conductorship of Mr. J. W. Channon. In the evening Miss M. Hodge rendered a eelection from the 'Messiah. ' Tennyson's Poetry.— At the Port Congre gational Church oh Sunday evening, before a very large congregation, the Rev. B, S. Casely relocated his discourse on ' Lord Tennyson's Poetry in Relation to Christ and Religion.' The peneral trend of the poet's writings waa traced, and numerous illustrations given. The preacher, referring to the end of the late Lord Tennyson, said he would gladly quote from the splendid biographical notice that appeared in the Iietmtcr immediately after the event had become known. It was singular and interesting, in view of his death, to glance at his latest production,5 also quoted in the Register, when, nfter describing in such beautiful language the lime when the flood would bear him away, he paid, 'I hope to see my Pilot fane to face, when I have crossed the bar.' iThe choir, under Mr. A. W. Mortimer, rendered suitable nuiBJc, and the congregation at the' close joined in singing the hymn composed by Tennyson, 'Strong Son of God.' Cantata. — The sacred cantata 'Glad Tidings' was repeated on Sunday afternoon in Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert- street, to a good congreeation. The solos were ably rendered by the following :— Mesdames Gartrell and Hilton, Misses lidwards, Preston. Giles, and White, and Messrs. Gartrell and H. Edwards. Mr. Lewis conducted, Mr. Bnadbent presided at the organ, and Mr. IL H. Davis led the orchestra. The connective readings were given by the Rev. J. B. Stephen son. St. FRANCIS XAVIER'S CATHEDRAL,.— On Sunday afternoon Archbishop Reynolds ad ministered the Sacrament of confirmation to 200 candidates. In the sanctuary there were present the Revs. P. Hurley, Phelan, Cos grave, McMahon, Doheny, and McEvoy Long before the service began the Cathedral was crowded by Catholics who had come to witness the solemn and impressive ceremonial mi administration of the Holy Sacrament. (Vhen the Archbishop arrived at the Lady A.ltar, which was beautifully decoiated, the jhildren, aided by their teachers and me-nbeia 3f St. Francis Xavicr'a Cathedral Choir, -ang the beautiful hymn to the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of the hymn the Archbishop iddressed the candidates on the nature and effects of the Sacrament. He then, admini stered confirmation to each of the candidates kneeling at the altar rails. Mr. C. W. Jamw and Mrs. Dr. O'Connell acted as godfather and p-odmother respectively. After the- holy rite Dr. Reynolds addressed the newly confirmed on the obligations imposed upon them by the acceptance of this Sacrament, existing them to persevere faithfully to the end. He warned them of the dsagers to which th&y; would be exposed later on, remarking especially against the degrading vice of intemperance. To save them from this he asked them if. they wished to join the League of the Cross, to which they' heartily responded. All joined until they would complete their twenty-Cvst year. This solemn ceremonial was concluded by the sing ing of 'Faith of Our Fathers.' Sabbath Observance.— Oa Sunday menv ing the B*v. J. Nicholson addressed his con gregation on Sabbath observance in the Eromp ton Wesleyan Church. In the course cf his remarks he raid ib was his- t-ustom some-tune HnrintT Viia nnstorate to s*::eak on this subioct. and he thought tho present time was-iflpst appropriate. It was on a Sunday, that the Broken Hi!l stsike had bean de clared, and he held that it \\\t,b quite unnecessary for thai to have been done, for either the day before or the day alter would have done as well. The Trades apd Labour Council had held two monster meetings to dis cuss the strike on the Sabbath, and another was to take plasa that day in their locality. It was a serious departure from tho respectful and reverential way in which tho Sabbath was usually spent in Soutli Australia, When the prophet complained, ' Ye have gone away from mine ordinances, and have noS kept them,' he added, ' Ye are cursed with a curse, for ya. have robbed me, even this whole nation. ' It was a. perilous thing to trample on Divine obligations. It was unwise for the labour organizations to trifle with the day of rest. Sunday pleasure entailed extra work on some one, and on, this account, if for no other, the labour badies should preserve the Sabbath, and no engage snent should be entsred into on that day that could as well and better take place on another day. The Americans in an evil., moment became lax in tho matter of Sabbath observ ance, and as a consequence one and a half million of men had to work on Sunday, and at last they began to realize that the Sabbath was being endangered, aud so they called in the aid of Congress to pass a Day of Best Bill, and no fewei than thirteen and a half millions of signa tures were attached to a petition in its favour. He hoped the labour bodies would profit by theEe experiences, and defend the day of rest from encroachments. Public sentiment could not be outraged without 1333 to the caiue that did it. If God and God's people were alienated from anv movement there would not be much left to permanently sustain it. lie unaegstooa it was not the intention to hold-any more Sabbath mfetiags on the strike, and he hoped the labour party would refrain for the future from any action that compromised the consciences of Christian men.. The rev. gentleman gave numerous testimonies as to how Sunday was observed on the European Continent, and showed how shops, markets, and trading establishments were open in Paris by 8 a.m., and work went on as' usual. When the Methodist Church was built in Paris the trustees had to put in the specifications a con dition forbidding any work to bo done on Sundays during its erection, for without such a prohibition the usual Sunday labour would have taken place. One English blacksmith working on the Continent testified— 'I have had my dose. At home I intended meetings of tho Sunday League and subscribed, but I am cured. I have been working for sixteen Sundays running, and it appears to be one long work day. Aud it's no cood, ns I spend more for food and stimulants to keep ma up at all, and I always feel tired aud careless how it gooa.' Mr. S. Smiles and other travellers declared that as a rule the Sunday evening theatre and fairs were not largely attejded by working men, who were only just returning from work, and were too tiled for further exertion. Mr. TCIrlinlcon aniil tlm RjiVilint~.lt was made hv God. and not man, and as soon as man wa3 miue, because his complex nature needed a day of rest. Assyrian tablets gavo testimony to its early origin, before the Jewish religion was established. While Jewish ceremonials had been fulfilled in Christ tho day was still of con tinued obligation as a Divine ordinance. Chris!), while rebuking tho literalism of tho Jewish Rabbis, taught that works of neces sity and mercy were quite in harmony withhia mind as the Lord of the Sabbath. The principle ot a seventh of time being specially devoted to Gcd was embodied in tho Sabbath. Tlio change of day did not alter that) principle, and the reasons for it were convincing. The spirit of Sabbath observance waa that of glad ness, which should; justify Philip Henry's testimony when ho said of the Sabbath—' If this is not Heaven it is certainly the way to it.' Ciibistiak Ekdeavovu.— The usual monthly executive meeting of the S.A. Christian Endeavour Union was held on Friday evening. A request was read that a 'minrise prayer meeting' once a week, eiinilar . to those held at the late con vention, be instituted. Tho followiug Societies were passed :— Mount Barker Baptist and 'Narracoorte Wesleyan. A report waa reseiyed from a Eubcominitteo appointed to interview Di. Olaik in relation to junior and senior Societies, aud also one from the Literature Committee. A Nominating Committee was appointed for the el-Jctions to take place '?' November. The date of the ann-^ ?r,,.tL°Ie««. fixed for Novevokr 31: The adviEablene?8 of uavmg District or ii'???.l Unions under tho auspices of the South Aus tralian Christian Endeavour Union waa dis cussed, and a sub- committee, consisting of Messrs. T. H. Smeaton and Kon nell, was chosen to deal with the question. Two more Societies of Chris tian Endeavour have been formed in the Glenelg Wesleyan Circuit, one at Marion on Thursday, October 13, when a social tea was held, and addresses on the salient features of the Christian Endeavour movement were given by the Rev. A. Stubba and Messrs. Attersol, Pnrsons, and Spence; and the other at St. Leonards on Tuesday, October 18, where a social tea ?was also held, and addresses were given by Rev. A. Stubbs, and Messrs. Priest, Barrett, and Bolton, and a young 'En- ('ertvourer.' Each of the four Churches which constitute this Circuit has now a Christian Endeavour Society. Thk Bible Society.— The Rev. Henry T. RobjohiiP, M.A., preaohedon Sunday morning in the Congregational Church, North Ade laide, on ' The Victory of St. John,'' from John xx. 30 and 31. As an illustration of how the Bible's position was being vastly strengthened by modern investigation, he took for example the Gospel of St. John, which, on account of its unique and central position, had been made the object of fierce assault for just 100 years. The preacher ehowed what) had been its place in the hearts of the Churches--, tf stifled to by an absolutely unbroken tra dition, and scientifically verified ia thj experience 'of Christians. He thendesn-il.el the assailants since 171)2, the reason of their attack and its method. What had been the result? Opposition theories a3 to the origin of the Gospel had gone down among the dead. The Gospel \m- now known to k§ the work of St. John, not only on the ground of tradition and experience, but actually on foundations of modern investigations pursued by devout scholars whom God had raised up in the Church. The place of the Gospel in relation to life and thought at Ephesus, a.d. 100, was pointed out, and how it came to be written. The preacher in conclusion urged his hearers to read through the whole Gosjwl at a sitting, whilst the discourse yet lingered in memory. In the evening Mr. Robjohns preached in the Bible Christian Church, Franklin-street, on 'The Absolutely Unique Position of the Bible amid the Literatures of the World.' CiiALMEns Church. — On October 23 Chalmers Church had a 'Flower' Sunday. ]n tho morning the pastor (Rev. D. Faton, D.D.) preached on the words of Christ, ' Consider the lilies of the field.' The Great Teacher's familiarity with nature waa firat dealt with in virtue of his beinjt an ardent student, a keen observer, and a loving admirer of all her phenomena. It web but natural, therefore, that He should enforce His own example upon others, especially for purposes of faith and obedience. The flowers were shown to be superior to nun in the beauty of their form, the brightness of their hues, the delicacy of their texture, &c; But the supe riority of man appeared in his being able ti admire the lily and to 'rise from nature up t-j nature's God, to manipulate tho materials of nature for securing his own clothing, to insure for himself an endless development in well being and well-doing, and to trust and love and serve both God and num.- Barnby's anthem, 'How manifold are Thy works, in wisdom hast Thou mado them all,' was well sung by the choir independently of the appropriate hymns sung by the large eon gregfttion. About 2-H) children assembled in tho afternoon for the Sunday-school service. Tho Church was decorated with great taste for the day and tho occa sion. Half a dozen bright hymns were heartily rendered by the members of the echool, whose numbers were augmented by the presence of theaffiliated school from Parkside, under Miss Niven's care nnd management. The Hon. Dr. Campbell gave nn address in two parts on 'Flowers,' in which he sought to impress the minds of the children with the idea that every flower, be its shape or colour what it may, is the expression of a divine thought, and therefore to that extent a dis closure of the divina- nature. Between tUo first and second part of .the address Miss Jessio Galbraith sang with great espuesBisnandeffoo* Glover's solo, 'Consider tho Lilies.' In tha evening the pulpit was again occupied;by Dr. Paton, who discoursed on- the identity, of motive in the Dixine* Being that led to tho work of creation and that 01 redemption* Th» unity of God necessitates the existence in.Uiin not only of one universal .purpose, bub one underlying spirit in- all the tit-Ids of. His activity. Woodwards fine anthiui, 'The Radiant Morn hta- passed away,' wag. splendidly sung bjv the choir, Mr. T. N. Stephens acting as conductor and - Mr,-. L. YeiftK as organist. Chuuch ok rjJOLANn Sr30AX-MCti.oor.. I?Nio?-\ — The annual services in . connection . with the Church ot England Sunday-school . Union were held iru St. Peter's Cathedral on Sunday afternoon, Ostober 23. The Cathedral was crowded, and seventeen city and suburban schools were represented by aboub 800 children. Bishops Kennion doiij:ered. aa in teresting address.. Biblk Chhis?:&n; Church, .Kadina.— Ob, Wednesday evening, October HV'in the Primi tive Methodist Churoh (kindly lent for the occasion) the lisv. H. W. HorwiH. lectured on ' The Forward Movement' ta a fair audienoe. Musical selections were rendered, by a com bined choir, Mr. H. Stacker presiding at the organ. Ths Rev. J. J. Silmon was in. the chair. At. the close Mr. HqfwUI waa hoactily thanked for his lecture. 