Laying tlio foundation stone of a clmpol for tlio Chnrcli of England Grammar School was a very natural opportunity for the delivery of speeches as to the special advantage of what Englishmen call tlio Public School system ; and two different — though not antagonistic — views were pro pounded by Bishop Goe and Professor 'Morris. Tho Bishop, as perhaps was to he oxpocted, dilated on tlio topic congenial to modern Churchmen, that " education is ins " a very special sense a Church work." Tlio Bishop, of course, did not mean that tlio Chnrcli of England lias ever distin guished itsolf by any self sacrificing and far sightod care for primary education. Nothing iB more notorious than that after tlio first impulse of tlio Reformation ceased, and for a period of two centuries and a half, tlio Church of England left tlio children of the poor to grow up savages or civilised men, Pagans or Christians, as their parents were inclined. Tho most that can lie said in this connection is, that ns soon as the State, against the will of tho Bishops, insisted on stimulating education by uuscctarian grants, the Church of Eng land availed itself of the wealth of its members to obtain the lion's sliaro of tlio national endowment. What tho Bishop meant was that for a long time the groat educational prizes in England — head masterships, professorships, headships of colleges and fellowships — were con fined to clergymen ; and though the universities have been very much secularised, the groat public schools of England — Eton, Harrow, Winchester and Rugby — are still sometimes by law and sometimes by practice among the prizes which men taking orders monopolise. The Bishop says — and wo shall all agree with him after a fashion — that " the business of a schoolmaster is of a " pastoral as well as of an educational " character." Wo all feel that tiie teacher ought to set an example of blameless life, and beyond this ought to aim at exercising a distinct moral influence over . his pupils. No one hut a' member of the Public Service Board would hold that a teacher is only guilty of a venial offence if he gets drunk out of school hours. Public opinion allows thej school master to havo some licence of secular amusement which it frowns ovor in tho parson — to play cricket or billiards, or go to balls — hut it expects his life to he abso- lutely correct, and his conversation regu lated pretty much by the clerical standard. The question is whether, if we can got lay men of this ' stamp — and the great majority of onr State school toachers fullil every requirement that lias been numerated — there is any advantage in exacting further that theso men shall he ordained. The Bishop says there is, but has not thought it necessary to explain why. There seem, on tho other hand, two obvious reasons against the clerical theory, even if we aRsnme that it is only to he applied to Higli Schools. In tlio iirst place, a man may he thoroughly moral and religious, and yet indisposed to take orders. He limy wisli to retain the compara tive liberty of a' layman, to go freely to balls and cricket matches and races,- or lie may from a certain scrupulosity of intellect he unable to accept tlio clerical theory that tho Holy Ghost is conferred by imposition of hands. The number of men of this type is very largo, and for centuries past tliey have been excluded from all the prizes of education in England, unless tliey were prepared to purchase them by a dishonest conformity. On two occasions within the last fifty years lias the best qualified applicant for the Head Man- tcrship of Rugby been a layman, and each timo was liu set asido for a clergyman. The result has been to enrich the Church of England with a great many bad bargains in the shape of men who took orders only for tho loaves and fishes, while mucli of the best secular intellect was diverted from education. Inthenext placeit may befairly questioned whether a layman, other tilings being equal, is not better fitted for. the ' ethical work of a teacher than any clergy. ' man. If it is a question of warning boys ' against betting and gambling, against 1 impurity of thought and act, the layman i who mixes freely in the world, while he 1 keeps himself unsullied by it, can speak - with ten times as much force as 1 the clergyman, who is notoriously tied down 1 to an artificial and rather feminine code of 1 practice. The pupil instinctively, feels that the clergyman talks about matters of- which lie knows nothing or ought to kn.ovC nothing, hut that tlio layman lias ?Aevor lost touch of secular society, aiu'z may return without singular discredit to its largest liberty. On the wiiolej it would seem that the Church hu£i bettor he debarred from controlling o>,(r High Schools if wo wish a healthy i>,nd virile public opinion to grow up am<ji,g the students. Professor Morris made a better, or ot least a more plausible point, when lie said that while the. Continental High School only informed the intellect, the Englisii High School had a great and wholesome effect on the training of character. There is no doul»r, that several Continental observers 'ike Taine could he quoted in support of this assertion, and wo uil remember the saying ascribed to tho Duke of Wellington, that Waterloo was won on the Eton cricket 'ground. What then is tho .difference between tire best English school, presumably Eton, and a Continental Lyceum or High School of the ordinary type? Tlio Eton hoy is a little more thoroughly grounded in Greek nnd Latin, and very much worse trained in his own language and literature, in mathematics and in physical science. These deficiencies of tlio Eton training are partly compensated by the greaterleisure tlio English student enjoys : but on the whole, as far as intellectual culture enters into the formation of character, Iho Preucli or German hoy is at ar, advantage. The other really distinctive features of the English system are, that most of the hoys live in hoarding houses, and not with their own families ; and, partly as a consequence of this, that the, playground is enormously moro important In' the English system than in the Continental. We may probably set it down to the years of school life spent away from home that the English man disengages himself so readily from family ties, and becomes the best of colo nists ; hut, on the other hand, we must allow for the filial reverence and other domestic virtues which tho Continental practice unconsciously cherishes. Mean while, it deserves notice that the different systems have grown up under different cir cumstances. Boys are sent as boarders to 'Public Schools in England, first, hocquaa High Schools havfc not been distributed on any methodical principle, nnd next hecauso a - groat tunny parents in England can afford to pay £150 or £200 a ycar-for a eon's education. Even now, when educational endowments have been over hauled, there aro n great many towns in England which offar only nn indifferent grammar School or a privato school of no particular prestige to tlio parent seeking to prepare his sons for life. In Franco and Germany a high school with a reasonably goord staff is accessible almost everywhere ; and, if there were not, most parents could not afford to send thci> children away from liotne. The question is, whether we in a new country, and with a society not as ricli as the English, can expect the mass of our hoys to go to hoarding schools ? Practi cally, oven now, the day hoys are a much moro important dement in the Molbourne and Geelong High .Schools than in Eng lisii schools of the' first rank; nnd if the State takes intermediate education into its own hands, boarders will be reduced in number and day scholars increased everywhere, with the result that the hoarders will no longer give tone to the schools. There remains, of course, the playground as a nursery of certain manly virtues, such as -loyalty, disciplino and a. generous emulation. It is a distinct disad vantage to French and German institutions- that tliey only offer gymnastic exorcises, as a substitute for football and cricket;: and it may he hoped that our own schools, will retain the imbic oi these under any change of conditions. Still, considering tlio splendid instances of courage and self' devotion which Fronchmon and Gormans have given in ovcry great war, it iB diffi cult to assume that their characters have not been trained in a sufficient manner, ovon under a system which is not alto gether that of Eton and of the Melbourne Grammar School. Prince Bismarck, chewing the "end of hitter fancy in retirement,' has long exercised the imagination of Europe, and! of late tho position seems to have growm intolerable to him, since we find the falltmi. statesman conducting ' what is equivalent to a political agitation against his suqcivssc and tho monarch who appointed liirn. Tho cablegram which appeared in ou r iss ne of yesterday, to the effect tliAt the hostile remarks of Princo liisriiar,; k have so irritated the Governnmnt tlia.t it is tempted to initiate a crimini d prosecution for treason aguinst hiu i, only indicates tlio final outcome of a long course of provocation on the part ( if Bismarck. For years past a cot i- stant stream of pamphlets htv& issued frot it the German Press, each being more bitt< ir than its predecessor agair,H(i tho Govern- mont as it oxists. These pubDctv (ions aro avowedly the productions of what is known -as tlio "party-, of "regret," that is, those who consider tho forced retiromeiVfc of the late Chan cellor a misfortune f/jt- Germany. Sonne nf theso publication's, supposed to he pn «- dnced under the auspices of Prince Bin- marck, are remarkably outspoken. Oiu j, entitled B'hmctrck nnd dcr Ilof, says, ilia t, " although men of superficial ability aboun d " in Prussia, yet few of them hnve tt le " capacity of a Minister or tlio hoad of u .n "army Tliey want the essential " quality of being nble to think fur "themselves. Herr Biitticher is "clever enough, no doubt, ; tie " is quite cnpahle of changing a 10fj0 inarli:s " note into small coins, hut he h/m not tine " least notion. o.f how the note was com e "by. Why need he know, when the " Emperor is ready to tell h im ?" 'J.vbe charge of the Bismarckites is that the Emperor is bo foud of tlio lexercise of his own will that lie delihe/.-ately chooucs nonentities as his Ministcifs. " He like it is said, " blank leave?, upon which lie " can write what lie plc.ases." Bisma rck himself makes no Be croft of his contei opt for the " dilottante " Ciiprivi who has s uc- ccedcd him. He dieclares him to he a n a an who is a novice i,n foreign politics, an d a more waiter upjon Providence. Co -uiit Zedlitz, according to the same testimt lily, is a man of the same character, one wl lone knowledge is. confined to the porformilnce of military 0,uties, and has no qualification! whatever fair Minister of Education an d Public W orship. All these attacks upu u the Em.peror and liis Ministers profeus to ho. made in the interest of tl ie Statrj, — endangered by the einploi mont of incapable administrator: 3. " Tho great curso of.kings," says -one of tt ie Bismarckian publications, " is that the y " will not tolerate about tlient any on .a " who will tell them tho truth„ and wh«, >, " when necessary, will oppose their wil l. " Bismarck was one of those s'moere triein is " who render themselves importunate 'by " their sincere remonstrances. Those who " have supplanted wit'aoiqt replacimg " him consider it hlie'.ir duty to "regard the summits ejjucopus of the " Lutheran Church as nr," infallible P011 e. " To tiie man of irov lvave succeeded ti 10 " men of the 'Koch. iyin p,.» This kind .of criticism w ould excite no comment undi cr tlio British system of Parliaincntai y governijj ent, but in Germany there is no responsi bility of tin Executive to th ie Legislature. No man lins been a .warnu :r defender of the monarchical authorit ,y thr/j! Prince Bismarck. In the 'da ,y of' his power his boast was . tliiit lie was accountable td no . otlis ir human power than, his Sovereigi 1, the very thought of whose doing wron g was akin to blasphemy. It seems as if tb e divino right of the Einperor was only sacre d so long as lie had the good sense 1 .0 subject his will to that of the heat 1 uf Chancellors, and that his motives may 1 ie assailed and his proceedings ridiculed whe u lie chooses ' dilettante " Ministers an ,d adopts a foreign policy which is c.ot that of Prince Bismarck. The worW at laq ;e is rather glad to get rid o.f the Bi a- liiarckian policy which kept E urope undi ir a continual dread of international wa r. He boasts now that his chief aim was ;to placato Russia, so that Franco might he i it his mercy when tho time canve, and that- i ie held aloof from England iu order tin it Russia might not he offended, lie fnr jel.s that this policy was constantly strain iu.g the allegiance to the Triple Alliance of Austria, which had more to fear fi ioui Russia than from Franco. Willi iiiu 11., in establishing an entente . yir- dittle with Great Britain, and iu, abandoning any tenderness for Rus? is.u interests in the Balkan Peninsula, fists strengthened the defensive league ti id imposed respect on both Russia andFru nc e. The fact is that Europe was as 1 ntv th relieved by the removul of a brutal buj ly from office as Germany was glad to he rid of an oilicial who had developed into a 'tyrant over the Crown as well as ovw t' he people. It is not for Prince Bismarck tu. appe ol to the people against the action of tl'ie Crown, because lie lias been ull his li.fe impressing upon his countrymen that no such appeal lies. Under our s'/steio i ie would he jnstiiied in stumping tlt>a countr y against the dominant party, jrist as- M r. Gladstone is in endeavoring to defeat l>o id Salisbury at the impending general electi. .m, But tlio weak point in the position of Bismarck is that he bo's been an enkhu- sinstic adherent of the -principle -f hat the control of the Executive should be. vented! in the Crown, and not in the Legislature or in the people. What, then, is the meaning of his agitation? His services were dispensed with by the Crown, tho decision of which, accoi sling to the- Prinee'g own showing, should .1)0 final j nnd lio npponla to tho opinion of the public, which lie linn aim been careful to point out, should havo no bearing on tho question. Prince Bismarck is tho Cardinal Wolsey of our time. He believes in tho divine right of kings to rule, but thinks the right should bo limited to tho choree of thconcpossiblo Chancellor, lio was positively indecent towards tho late Emperor Frederick. and still more so towards the Empress, whom his allies used to speak of as " tho Englishwoman." Queen Victoria's daughter no doubt had ' a legitimate influence with her husband, hut tho natural trend of his ideas was in favor of easting the responsibility of Govern mental nets upon the people through their representatives in Parliament. It is said that Prince Bismarck nsed his utmost efforts to detach tho heir presumptive from his pnrents, in order that their politicnl sentiments should not Influence him, and lio succeeded in such a way as very much to nstonish the Chancellor. The young'fellow no sooner came to tho Throne than lie developed qualities which Bismarck had not calculated upon. If the Crown was the basis of power, then tile Sovereign and not his Primo Minister was the heaven sent ruler, and William very soon gave it to be understood that ho was. not going to be a dummy like one of the old Mikados of Japan, hut an actual force in the body i politic. He soon showed that his personal will was to be supreme. Changes of administrators were mado, but not from a mere love of change. The Emperor wanted men who would carry out his views. He had ideas of reform in the army and the State, and bo made short work of the opposing forces. In one year — 1888 — he displaced 65 generals and 165 other important oilicers. He deter mined to got rid of the old crowd wedded to abuses, well knowing that tho (grey beards are sure to cling to their hn'Jiits and prejudices. Instead of being, like his grandfather, willing to have ibia Imperial duties performed for him by nm exceptionally able man, be was determined , to be Emperor himself in every sense — to bo bis own Chancellor, his own Presi- . dent of tho Council, and apparently, in cose of war, his own Commander in Chief. It is said of William, witii some appear ance of truth, that he maintains his per sonal iniluonco over the affairs of State by the employment of mediocrities. Tho High Marshal of the Court, who had been attached to his person for maiiy years, was got rid of because he had opinions and preferences. Waldenau and Stcoker had botli to go for tho same reason. M. Valbert, in a recent number of the llcmie ties Deux Mondes, sayB that " Wil- ' liam II. did not believe in giving up any " of his rights, and the dearest of all these " was that of choosing, according to his "lights, his friends and his enemies." One of tho results of the lessons of per sonal government impressed upon the mind of tho young prince by his political mentor Bismarck was that an. overbearing Chan cellor should not be tolerated by any live Emperor, and Bismavck was forced to go. Tho retired statesman seems to have restrained himself for a time under tho impression that it was impossible for the Gorman Empire to exist without liis hand at the holm, and now when' lie discovers that matters go on very smoothly, cvon under the care of tiie " dilettante, " ho is moved to the expression of strong indignation, and even induced to make a political pilgrimage, during which ho swore at largo. However much we may ho pleased at seeing the grand vizier of an autocrat set down, we must remember that tho despotic sentiments with which tho present Ger man Emperor lias been imbued, principally by Prince Bismarck, have nothing to commend them to Englishmen, nnd are positively abhorred by nine-tentlm of tho Emperor's own countrymen. Tiio design of ' introducing obligatory religious in struction into the primary schools of Prussia was recognised as an attempt to bring back tho old alliance between temporal and spiritual des potism for tho enslavement of mankind, and was effectually opposed. It is really a little amusing at this time of day to hear » rnler in an enlightened country like Germany publicly declaring that lie " will " continue to march in the path marked " out for him by Heavon," thereby inti mating that the government of tho country was a matter which had been Bettied by tho Emperor and the powers above, and witii which vulgar mortals bad nothing whatever to do. Probably the most offensive indication of tiie autocratic spirit of William II. was given in that noted speech of ids to the BrnndeJiburgors, in which the critics of the Government were told that if they did not like the pcdicy of the Government they had better betake themselves to some other country. " On the most frivolous pretexts it lias become tho fashion to criticise and " censure the actionB of the Government, " thereby troubling the tranquillity of tho " people, disturbing the pleasures of lifo, " and compromising the prosperity of the " great German Fatherland. It is said that " our country is tho most unhappy in " the world, and so badly, governed that it " is a misery to live ft it. If that be so, let " all tiiodiscnn tented onosshake tho Gorman " dqst from, their feet, and thereby escape " our miserable condition. By taking this " course they will contribute to their own "happiness, and at the same time greatly " add to the contentment of those who " remain." It is within tho realm of tho possible that one 'of these days the .Emperor William II. will himself lie called upon to shake the German dust from his feet and leave his country for His country's good. 