CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. Two more societies o! Christian Endeavor have been formed in the Glenelg Wesleyan circuit—one at Marion on Thursday, October 13, when a social tea was held, and addresses on the salient points of the Christian Eudeavor movement were given by the Rev. A. Stubbs and Messrs. Attersol, Parsons, and Spencer; the other at St. Leonards on Tuesday, October IS, where a social tea was also held, and addresses were given by the Rev A. Stubbs and Messrs. Priest, Barrett. Bolton, and a young " Eudeavorer." Each of the four churches which constitute the circuit has now a Christian Endeavor Society to represent it. The sacred cantata " Clad Tidings" was repeated on Sunday afternoon in Draper Memorial Church, Gilbert-street, to a good congregation. The solos were ably rendered by the following: —Mesdnmes Cartreli and Hilton, Misses Edwards, Preston, Giles, and White, and Messrs. Gartrell and H. Ed wards. Mr. Lewis conducted, Mr. Braid bent pre sided at the organ, and Mr. H. H. Davis led the orchestra. The connective readings were given by the Rev. J. B. StepheDson. The series of pleasant Sunday afternoon meetings in connection with the North Ade laide Congregational Church was continued yesteulay, and the proceedings were under the direction of the temperance society. Messrs. T. H. Jones _ and J. Lawton contributed musical selections, and the gathering was altogether of an interesting character. The Dev. H. T. Robjohns, of Sydney, acting as a deputation on behalf of the British and Foreign Bible Society's Deputation, preached at the North Adelaide Congre gational Church on Sunday morning, taking for his text John xx,, verses 30 and 31, "Many other sigus therefore did Jesus in the presence of the disciples, which are not written in this book, but these aro written that ye may believe that Jesus is the Christ, Son of God ; and that hulieving ye may have life in his name." He alluded to the progress of Christianity from the time of the writing of the gospel of St. John to the year 1702, when the London Bible Society was founded, and also to the strides that had been made in religious movements from that date till the present time. The monthly executive meeting of the South Australian Christian Endeavor Union was held on Eriday evening. A request was read that a " sunrise prayer meeting" once a week, similar to those held at the late convention, be insti tuted. The following societies were passed:— Mount Barker Baptist and Narracoorte Wes leyan. A report was received from a sub committee appointed to interview Dr. Clark in relation to junior and senior societies, and also one from the literature committee. A nominating committee was appointed for the elections to take place in November. The date of the annual meeting was fixed. The ad visability of having district or local unions, under the auspices of the S A. Christian Endeavor Union, was discussed and a sub committee chosen to deal with the matter. Messrs. T. H. Smeaton and Eennell were appointed auditors. On Sunday the anniversary services of the Primitive Methodist Church, Brompton Park, were repeated, the preachers being Mr. P. Sandery, the Rev. A W. Wellington, and Mr. Eennell. Special selections of music and a number of recitations were given by the chil dren. Mr. E. Jacka was the musical director, and Mrs. Hammond presided ad the organ. There was a good attendance. On Sunday afternoon his Grace the Arch bishop of Adelaide administrated the sacra ment of confirmation to 200 candidates in St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral. In the sanctuary were present the Revs. P. Hurley, Phelan, Cos grave, McMahon, Dohenv, and McEvoy. Long before 2 o'clock the cathedral was crowded by the faithful who had- come to witness the solemn and impressive ceremonial and administration of the holy sacrament. When his Grace arrived at the lady altar, which was beautifully decorated, the chil dren aided by their teachers and mem bers of St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral choir sang the beautiful hymn to the Holy Ghost. At the conclusion of tho hymn his Grace addressed the candidates on the nature and effects of thesacrament about to be ad minstered. He next administered the sacra ment of confirmation to each of the candidates kneeling at the altar rails. Mr. C. W. James and Mrs. Dr. O'Connall acted as godfather and god mot tier. After the confirmation his Grace again addressed the newly-confirmed on theobli gatious now imposed upon them by the reception of this sacrament, exhorting them to persevere faithfully to the end. He warned them of the dangers to which they would be exposed later on, warning tbem especially against tho degrading vice of intemperance. To save them from this latter vice he asked them if they wished to join the League of the Cross, to which they heartily responded. All joined ib until they would complete their twenty-first year. This solemn ceremonial was concluded by the singing of "Faith of our Fathers." 