THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. NEW SOUTH WALES V. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. A CLOSE CONTEST. ADELAIDE, TUESDAY. The South Australians resumed their second innings to-day in the presence of a fair number of spectators. The weather was tropical Kccdtnnn the not out man and I remain made a capital stand which was not her initiated until after luncheon when the latter after phi) mc an excellent innings of JO was dismissed through the instrumentality of Donnait 1 Reedman took his total to "J when Dolman also brought about his down full 1 Reedman played sterling end it and did not give the ghost of a chance His performance was most meritorious and the fieldsmen showed unmistak- able, joy at his removal Of the rest 1 Jarvis who played somewhat reckless) was the only one to reach double figures Wilkinson I Jarvis and! Jones were all dismissed by 1 force for small scores I arkin remained not out with 1 His total was 20 New South Gilles who had 20 to get to win had three wickets down for 39 runs Jones jumped out to a bull from tones the South Adelaide fast bowler The leather rebounded from Jarvis s paids and the University man was out. Noon after the same bowler scattered Moses' wickets with a beautiful ball Gregory made 19 when Gillen who was trundling well caught him on his own ovv hn" A stand was made by Bannerman an 1 Dennis The latter had scored 20 when he was got out in the same way as Gregory He played splendid 1 cricket Bannerman was stonewuIlm" in his own peculiar way and for an hour contented himself with playing Gillen buck not adding even a single to his till) during that period At last he got the South Australian captain beautifully to leg for 1 Youill shaped nicely until a fast one upset his calculations livefor80 Bannerman played with dogged defence until time was called Although five minutes before time Giffen palpably caught and bowled him Mr Score) tic umpire "gave it is not out 1 he following are the scores - SOUTH AUSTRAL n First innings 64" SECOND INNINGS Cilfen 1> Pierce 19 A li Jarvis c Jones, b I once 40 I j o s e VV each b Iredale 1 Hill I New eil 11 Iteet man b Donnan 9 woman c and b norman j Hills cv b Dorman t 19 Jarvis c Jones b Pierce 11 VV ilUnson c Donnan b 1 erect Jones c Bannerman b I lerce IE larkin not our. ! Sundries 10 Total 139 Pierce eye veil Callaway) Gregor NEW SOUTH WALES First innings SECOND SINCE Jones st Jarvis b Jones Moses b Jot es Gration c and b Giffen Bannerman not out Blinman c and b Giffen \ nulli b Jarvis Iredale not out Stinur es Total for five wickets 