Il SCIENCE VICE SUPERSTITION. UNDER the alluring but paradoxical title of 'Beal Ghost Stories/ the genius of the most wonderful literary mushroom of the day has published a Christmas number which will set the imagination of the world a holiday task. Mr. Staad unfolds his project in the words : ' The time has surely come when the fair claim of ghosts to the impar- tial attention and careful observation of mankind should no longer be ignored. In earlier times people believed in them so much that they cut their acquaintance ; in later times people believe in them so little that they will not even admit their existence. Thus these mysterious visitants have hitherto failed to enter into that friendly relation with mankind which many of them seem sincerely to desire. But what with the super- stitious credulity of the one age, and the equally superstitious unbelief of another, it is necessary to begin from the beginning, and to convince a sceptical world that apparitions really appear. In order to do this, it is necessary to insist that your ghost should no longer be ignored as a phenomenon of Nature' The objection of timid people, breathing ' the clammy atmosphere of irrational terror,' to in- vestigation of what gives them the ' creeps,'he dismisses at its proper worthlessness, confronts the theologian with the remark that, ' So far from its, being irreligious to ascertain facts, there is a subtle impiety in the refusal to face pheno- mena, whether natural or supernatural ,' and certainly establishes a claim to hearing when he points out that the ' obscure fields of conscious- ness and sub-consciousness' have the highest scientific interest, and that the possibilities of telepathy, or, ' the latent capacity in the human mind to communicate with other minds entirely regardless of the conditions of time and space,' may hold in solution the elements of a new force, a latent force more marvellous than that of elec- tricity. Interest in occult phenomena is nothing new, and the phenomena vary IOBB than their names and the explanations suggested. They wonderland lying on the borders of practical, prosaic life. In contributing to our entertain- ment they have been the support of many char- latans and tricksters ; they have provided us with innumerable sensations, and have sometimes given us the luxury of a good rousing scare. From the nursery view of those three little ghostisses, sitting on three postisses, eating buttered toastisses, all the way to our grown-up romps in the last fashionable game of esoterics, the mysterious has been to the palate of the imagination as caviar and olives. The wand of memory marshals in a motley procession-the divine miracle, the diabolic magic, Oriental thaumaturgy, fetichism, the mediæval theologia to which demonology was twin, divination, sorcery prominent place in the and witchcraft, Swedenborgian mysticism, mes- merism, which, in changing its name to hypno- tism, has become a recognised therapeutic agent; vril and odie force, clairvoyance, or thought reading; spiritualism, esoteric Buddhism, lately presented to the Majesty of mind as Theosophy (on the occasion of her marriage to a young sprig of Western thought), and now occupying the platform of a side-show-the little Georgia magnet! But a change impends, not in the phenomena, but in our manner of regarding them and in the nature of the interest they excite. It is possible that while we have laughed or feared, a great force has been going to waste. To quote Dean Church, ' There is no waste product in Nature. What we call waste is merely matter, the secret of which we have not yet discovered.' If there be such a latent force as that telepathy claims to have discovered, it is a natural force, for nothing that exists in nature is supernatural, and why should we doubt that the secret of this waste matter will yield itself to natural investigation P With characteristic energy and defiance of ridicule, Mr. Stead, assisted by the Psychical Research Society-to which is due the credit of having first prosecuted serious and exact investi- gation of occult phenomena in England- has addressed himself to this problem, and in this publication may be said to have founded the Science of Ghosts. The torch of science has set fire, in turn, to a great many mummies of super- stition and dummies of ignorance ; the fallacy has blazed away and the imperishable residuum of truth has remained. A similar method applied to rescue psychical phenomena from an obstructive and irrational milieu should render them as capable of accurate investigation as the phenomena of any other abstract science; whatever the results may be, we ought undoubtedly to combine in a resolute endeavour to reach them, and this attempt will at least furnish occupation for the floating, unallotted balance of the intellectual energy of society. As a phrase, the idea of a dual existence is familiar enough. We have shuddered over ' Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,' pondered 'Archibald Malmaison,' and recognised the alternative of two distinct phases in the genius of Shelley ; but to most, the subjective conception of 'the ghost that dwells in each of us ' will come with the sudden force of novelty, and at first it will be difficult to consider the traditional phenomenon, not as appearing as an objective apparition to us, but as existing in us, or seen by us subjectively. As. a scientific basis for the elucidation of certain orders of well- authenticated psychical phenomena, it is suggested that the human organism has a dual personality, a Conscious personality and an Unconscious personality. The one, the over-soul, is the material partner, alert and dominant in physical life, and the monopolist of all means of communication and production. The other, or under-soul, is the mute and suppressed ego by which thought may be trans- ferred without using the five senses, but which can only assert itself when the former is entranced, as during sleep, or in the hypnotic condition. 'The conscious personality has usurped the visible world, but the invisible, with its immeasureable expanse, is the domain of the sub-conscious,' representing the spiritual potentialities and those mysterious but acknow- ledged powers called by us mind-projection, presentiment, clairvoyant knowledge of things happening at a distance, and second sight, and storing up impressions acquired by the conscious personality, but which cannot be restored to the active partner except during sleep. All this, as Mr. Stead admits, is very much like reverting to the old idea that man consists of body, mind, and spirit; but no sooner do we grasp this re-assuring landmark than the Psychical Research Society sweeps us off again by the further suggestion that man may have more than two personalities indeed, that his consciousness may be split up indefinitely, and that ' the human body may be more like a tenement house than a single cell ! ' It will be admitted that an alternating conscious- ness is primâ facie a most convenient explanation of many puzzling phenomena of dreams, somnam- bulism, mnemonic freaks and causes of dementia, especially if we can also be convinced that hypnotism is the liberating agent of the powers of a sub-consciousness. If this condition of partial sleep will act as the speculum by which we may eventually determine 'the potentialities of many different arrangements of the elements of one personality, each arrangement being dis- tinguishable from the rest by differences in the chain of memories which pertain to it / if it will enable us to demonstrate and differentiate the opaqué phantasms of the living from the diapha- nous phantasms of the dead ; if it will establish the existence and show the operation of a gigantic camera obscura somewhere in Nature, which makes it possible for clairvoyants habitually, and other mortals occasionally, to see things existing or happening far beyond the range of physical vision ; if it will photograph for us astral bodies and aerial wanderers, why then we should promptly abandon less important objects of research, and enlist this vaunted power to 'out Edison Edison,' in the reconstruction of our theory of the mind-world. Mr. Russell Wallace, Professor Crooke, and Professor Oliver Lodge are among the eminent men who have the start of us in this bewildering subject; the latest word of psychical authority is apparently that the objective (or known) ghost of superstition has had its nose irretrievably put out of joint by the subjective (or knowing) ghost of science; and pending the returns of the census of hallucinations, which Mr. Stead is taking, we must try to restrain our revolutionary ardour, with due heed to the advice 'whether we have one mind or two, let us, at least, keep it (or them) open.' ._' _:_ 