maskelyne and magic. A XMjw Book on tue ** Supernatural.** • (PAT.T. MALL (IAZKTTK.) -»* ? th0 Pre8en^ marvel fever—with the Mahatma boom of the Daily Chronicle tailing out and the Ghost boom of tho Review of lie while London and it3 leader-writers aro ■exoltiog themselves .over* a Magnetic Lady who out-Sanduwe Sandow by mere vril-: power—nothing could bo moro wholesome and opportune than a good, thoroughgoing, Philistino book on “Tho Supernatural?*\ from a conjuror’3 point of view. The present ■ epidemic of credulity in fair oxcuso for any. .little excess of eut-and-dried assumption on the. oiher aide. And if the . student find* /Mesare, Weatherly and Maskelyne, with all their ahrowd .common-seneo aud. practical ex perience, juata trifle too cooksurd, less particu lar people will find them deoidedly readable— . whioh. perhaps. iatha main point., A doctor of medicico treats sense deceptions, dreams, ghosts, and phantoms of the dead and the from a strictly scientific point of view; while Mr. Maskelyne, the modern magioian . of the Egyptian Hall, regards Oriental J“fT£?lery» Spiritualism, and Theosophy from the distinctly practical side. . .. DREAMS. . ns begin with the ohapter on dreams. Remarking that dreams were, at one time • regarded as being divinely inspired, Mr. .Weatherijrwrites as follows:— - “-1Certain dreams, do sometimes appear as if theV wore sent, fora special purpose, but • even the - so.c&lled; authentic ones coming undee this heading are,few indeed. In look ing even at these, .we must, I fear, view them ! with a doubtful eys; for what fiction will I invent credulity will receive and exaggeration I magnify,** 0 | .*• -Dreamsmay, it appears, be dividedintotwo I classes—DreamTUusions and Dream Hallu- j ©illations. A* dream-illusion, we are told, vronld be caused' by something affeoting one of tho sense organs, and starting eithor out .. mde the sense organ or in the, sense organ Jtoell; wherpas a dream hallucination baa its ■;—>©rigin in tho brain itself,, and is purely sab v jectivo, -.haying no objective basis whatever. . 1 for r example, a bright light shines upon the closed oyes of a sleeper, .he may dream that he is watching a fire; a red light will ; often . suggest a tempest, aud lightning; ^hile .R bottle of eau de Cologne placed under his nose^ will cause the sleeper to imagino himself in a perfumer's nbep. It is thought by Wundfttbat the involuntary extension of the foot of tlie sleepor causes tho ootnmou dream illusion of falling over a precipice. At the same lime, a good many dreams— fwhapa tho majority of them—have their ©rig-n in the brain itself without any external , euinnhw to, excite its action. -There is in each individual a certain balance ci£ the cir j notation in 'the brain which admits of the . mind doing its'work in the most healthy and ’• perfect manner. Let the circulation be ex . besslve or deficient, that work at onco ceases ■ to. be either sound or perfect. Dreams may. often result from sorao fluctuation in tho btain circulation. The quality of tho blood is aiso a leading factor in the causation of dreams, and often gives to them some definite character. . * X oriosr STORY—ANT) ITS SEQUEL. From the discussion of dreams Dr. Weatherly, proceeds to a consideration of ghosts and ghost stories. As thus. Some yearn ago, in an article contributed to tho Xineieen'h Century^ thero appeared tho fol : lowing story, communicated to the writers by Sir Edmund Hornby, the late Chief Judge of the Consular Court of China and * * It was his habit to allow reporters to come to his houso in tho evening to get his written judgment for the next day's paper. • . . One evening, having gone to bed and to sleep, he. was awakened soon by a rap^ at tho door, which, when he took no notice, was repeated. In reply to his call, •Come in,* the reporter solemnly entered, . and asked for his judgment. Thereupon ..ensi:jd a dialogue between Sir E. Hornby— .who referred him again and again to the butler,. protesting against the un warrantable intrusion—and the reporter, who . persisted in his earnest request for his judg ment. Impressed at last by hia solemn , « ■ earnestness, .> and fearful of awakening his 1 . wife (who had slept soundly during all tho . energetic, animated dialogue), Sir Edmund . gave him the gist of tho judgment, which ho appeared to take down in shorthand, after 1 , whioh. he apologised for his intrusion and ] t 5 withdrew.- It was then just half-past 1. 1 When Lady Hornby , awoke, assho aid im v niediately, thc^^h.ol>gijQoident was/rcLted'to " r^exrday, when Sir Edmund entered i the court, the usher announced to him the 1 sadden death of the reporter some time bo- r tween 1 and half-past 1. The cause of death l as ascertained by a formal inquest, was hoar, i disease. The poor man had not left bis ( House tho night before.!* * . Hera is a very interesting ghost story— 1 creditable alike to the narrator (or inventor) ( and to tho conscientious reporter, who, in i . preference to standing before Minos, asked 1 foe his “judgment** at the hands of Chiof 1 Justioo Hornby. But what about the 1 sequel? Some months afterwards tho editor 1 of the Horth China Herald submitted the fol- ' lowing remarks to tho attention of. Mr. , Knowles:— “1. Sir Edmund Hornby says Lady Hornby was with him at the time, and aub 1 sequently awoke. I reply, no such por tion . was in existenoc. Sir Edmuud’s second wife had died two years previously, and he did npt marry again tilt three months ' after the ovont he relates. “ Sir Edmund mentions an inquest on. tbo body. I reply, on tho authority of the coroner, that no euch inquest was ovor held. “ Sir Edmund’s story turns upon tho 1 judgment of a certain case, which was lo bo delivered next day, tho ‘JOth of January, 1875\. There is no record of tiny such • judgment in the Supreme Court and Consular ' 'Gazette, of which I am now editor. \- “4. Sir Edmund says that the roportor 1 died at 1 in the morning. This is wholly ’ inaccurate; he died between S undo a.m., after a good night’s rest." • Let us hope that Mr. Stead’s ghost stories will have a moro solid foundation in fact I than this, whioh appeared in the Amrust! * pages of tho Nineteenth Crntuiy. According to Dr. Woatherly. all phantasms ure sub jective, with, of course, tho ouc ex ception of thoBO caused by deceptiou aud trickery. DECEPTION’ AN’D TRICKERY. *‘Deception, and triokory” are fully dia ussed in tho chapter which Mr. Muslcelyno ontributes to tho hook now before us. He levotes a section to Oriental jugglery—of vhich, speaking as a professional, bo has but poor opinion—describing at sonic length vhat are known as tho “ mango tree ” and he “ basket ’* tricks. Concerning tho titter, Mr. Maskelyne writes as follows “Jjho basket used is a common, rough riclOT affair, ao closely woven, however, hat it cannot he aeen through. It is almost phericaMn shape, and has a narrow mouth, uat largo enough to allow tho entrance of 1 be'jnvenile'who is apparently spirited awuy. rhe little boy or girl, as tho case may be, is iroducod by tho porfonhet, and promptly ilindfolded, ostensibly with tho view of hutting out from his or her view tho awful Loom which is imminent, hut in reality it .is noro to blind tho eyes of tho spectator than hose of tho subject. The child thus prepared is placed in the basket, where it coils itself, lead and heels together, around tho inuor periphery of the basket. In this position it la invisible to any one looking in through the narrow opening whioh iorms tho mouth of the receptacle. Then tho play begins. The iword is thrust through the basket again ond again, the performer usually concluding hia operations by jumping into the basket, and trampling, supposedly, on its occu pant. Knowing tho position assumed by the child, however, one sees that it is not possible to do any damage by that means. This orime haviog been committed, the baskot.ifi turned up and shown to be empty—so far as one can see. At this juncture the performei leaves no time for any one to suggest an ex amination. Another little child, often a twin brother or sister of tho subject, who has been Uing perdu round’the comer, arrives cm the acene, and is passed off as the one operated apon. ' s Tho donations are then collected as dttiokly as possible, the traps collected to Aether, ana the porformers vacate the scent *f their Exploits with all available expedition. Wonder! n£ is it not f And the blood 1 Well, well, I think you or I, reader, could manage that. Our racottnienrs dou’t usually travel with a microscope.” u Modem Spiritualism” is auother subject to which Mr. Maskelyne dovotes some atten tion. Ho naturally finds little'difficulty in disposing: of the pretensions of the Foxes, of Homo, of the Brothers Davenport, of Annie Fay, of Dr. Slade*, and-of Fglinton. Miss Fay Hppaars to have 'deceived a-.well-known scientific man; and—if for this reason only— •her performance dosorves the space wliioh Mr. Maskelyne has given to it:— . •4 ‘Some fifteen persons from among tho audionoe (he writes) sat in a 'circle round the * medium,* her husband,4 Colonel’rJFay, being one.’ 'The-little .blonde then commenced to olap her hands with steady, rhythmical beat, anu when darkness was made * visible,' still the clapping continued, while—wonderful to relate—instruments which had been laid upon the knees of the ’1 sitters1 were played upon, etc., etc.; that is, the guitar Was strummed in theair, bells were rung, .knees pinched, whiskers tugged, old fogies ohuoked under the ohin by, on ! such , nice little hands, and the other interesting work of the-spirits at scanoes was gone* through. Now, all.this while, ^the 4 Colonel1 was iu the circle, and supposing that the person- to- his right and left* instead of holding, as they thought, his two-hands, wero really both holding one of them, still he could do hut Httlo to assist bis interesting spouse. She,' still clapping those dainty little palms, could do • nothing for herself, unless,-when the lights wero extin* guished, she were to ohange-her taotics, and beat—not her hands together—but one hand upon her forehead or arm, or any other ox posed part of her body whtoh would produoo exactly the same sound, and Ioavo the taper digits of one hand free to produce the mani festations. To Bhow the impossibility of any such thing, however, •• one gentleman -may now holp tho medium’s hands. Still a .hell rings, a guitar is strummed, and possibly the gentleman holding the fair one’s hands has his face fanned; How, then, can all this be accomplished? -Simply thus:—‘Miss’ Fay, passes a' bell to the * Colon®] W moutb, which he shakes as a terrier does a rat; while his boot operates upon a guitar placed on the floor and produces the thrumming.;/and :tho medium, with a fan held between her teeth', will gently wave it in the faco of him- who holds her hands. And this is all that hap pened iu the darkue«n ; and this is whnt tho soientiiio geutleman described as 4 won derful i V VtiOH TMOKKHY TO TKBOSOPUY. But we must leave Spiritualism—iu which uo sane person uow believes—for Theosophy, a subject at pre«eut vory much “on the nail.” The history of Theosophy, a? Mr. Maskelvne very pertinently observes isbound up with tint of itsfouuder, Madame B1 ivataky; andshow&s; a44 vulgar adventure**.” We uood not follow the Ptcoadiliy wonder-worker in his discus sion of the Uo<lgso4 expos6, which, like most people, he accepts as conclusive; but it may interest somo of our readers (Thcosophists or otherwise) to Ioaru that Mr. Markelync— magioian- liko—has a “card up his sleeve.” les; notwithstanding his soeiuimr indilfor ence, Im has not been altogether idle. “ If it should so happen that, coutrary to ray expectations, tho perpetrators of theso outrages on common sense still porsibt in their nefarious practice*, let them beware 1 In that ciao they will become fair game for me. Iu the language of sport, I have * marked them dowu,' and can lay my finger upon them wheuever I need to do so. It it should be uooessury, they raav depoud upon it that, though the trap is not'yet laid, I am on their track, and I shall pursue thorn as relentlessly as I havo othors before With this reproduction of Mr. Muskolyno’s vague and tremendous threat, wo may close bis entertaining pages; 