? A country exchange says that auctioneers ire greater liars than pressmen. Than some pressmen, it means, we should fancy. School-Visitor (to small boy at a svhurha ti school).—" My little boy, tell me how you speJl •bellows.'" lioy [promptly).—" A.N.A., sir." Academical Man.—" l)o you know that candidate. means, in the old Roman seuse, ouc who drosses in white ?" Defeated Candidate (gruffly). —" Do you take uie for a dashed ghost, or a baker ?" A N order for £1 fouud iu the wrapper of a bottle of Wolfe's schnapps purchased at a hotel ill Corowa was offered to the members of the local branch of the Salvation Army the other night— and refused 1 We presuuie they were offended because they were not also presented with the bottle. Two ladies conversing last week on the subject of the late Mr. Deeming—First Jj&dy.;—" And what do you think aboutliim, Mrs. -—- ?" Second Lady.—" He had a history, and (effusively) I. love a man with a history." The IVamiauihool Standard says in a late issue : " The boom of cannon at Port ttury caused windows in Warrnambool to vibrate oh Saturday." Jealousy, no doubt. But there aie worse booius than the boom of cannon. Fashionable London physicians have their bore bell, says an exebarge. When a patient bores, the doctor presses ail electric bell knol) under the catpet with his foot. Iu comes the footman to announce somebody. (Where are they to be procured?—Ed. P.) Aoktbalian Native Father (to son).—" Tell me, my boy, what you would like to lie when you <>row up." Sou,—" 1 think,father, I'd like to be an Old Pioneer." Father.—" Hut wouldn't you rather, ray son, be an Australian Native Son (with decision).—" No, father ; you are one, and I think one is enough in the family." ".Tangled Talk" is the heading of a column which appears iu the 1 Varragul Guardian every week. The title is not bad and yet not good enough for the matter o»er which it is placed. We would suggest to the editor, " Tanglefoot Talk" as being more appropriate. We notice that Holmes' Patent Collision Apron is about to be brought into use at sea. Very good news, no doubt, but why not npply the idea 011 a wider teale? Why not fit the jiolice out with the Apron ? It would, we should think, be much more pleasant to them to be able to move to the attack of a burglar if protected by two sheets of stout canvas, with battens of wood welted in between—which is the style of construction of the Apron—than to^nttaqk in. the present defenceless style. Leslies,...ilic / Apron could always be used as 11 bed whenever--tjWy . wished to go to sleep iuptdoorwag't ^ , , ,» , ' There is a story going the rouui o{ the country papers about a litchj boy who was so amused by the capers of the Cloivii inm,,travelling circus that he (the boy) actuallj'Haughed himself to death. That clown, if lie really exists, should be able to command his own terms from some of our entrepreneurs, who give out (the only facetious feature in the entire business) that they cater for the amusement of the people. It must bo a luxurious end to die laughing. The Romans used to think so, and said that in Sardinia was a plant which caused death by laughter to whomsoever ate of it. Hence the word sui-Juiiic. A Sooth Australian paper says:—Six tops of piping fell on a workman at Balaclava on Friday. He was killed." Very odd, indeed. We should have thought that he would have been simply startled for a moment aud, perhaps, slightly annoyed because of the piping getting into his hair. New Chum (to native).—" I have heard that this is the country of contradictions, ts that so ?" Native.—" Maybe." New Chum—" With reference to politics, for instance. I noticed you elected a new Speaker the other day. May I ask if lie. was elected because he was a judge of speaking?" Native.—"No; he was elected to prevent him from speaking." The Pall Mall Gazette informs its readers that barinaidR were abolished in Victoria some years past. They seem to thrive pretty well on abolition at any rate. If the J'a.U Nail Gisettc knows as uiucli about other Austi-alian subjects as it knows about Victorian barmaids, it should at ouco publish ail Australian Dictionary, or rather Encyclopo;dia. So much information should not be, so to speak, hidden under a pewter. A country exchange says iu a leading article : —" Happy is the patient who only swallows sweetened water and escapes with nothing worse than the loss of his time and his money. His constitution is injured." We should judge from the air of remorse and gloom which characterise these sentences that the editor has been taking his " unsweetened" for some time past. IIeaiui in the house of a friend of the present writei.—Biddy (a-lal five).—"J saw some poor little children walking about in the rain yesterday. and they had no boots or stockings on, and they'd lost their father and mother." Johnny (uged eight, and of o cynical turn of mind, resulting from his greater knowledge of the world).—" How do you know they'd lost their father and mother ?" Biddy (triumphantly).— " Because I saw them looking into all the hotels along the street." An entertainment was held in Clifton Hill on Friday night last in aid of the Old Colonists' Association. Lord Hopetoun was present. One of the parts in the play—the play itself having been, as far as we can understand, written specially for the occasion by a committee of old residents of Clifton Hill who received a furlough from the cemetery for the purpose—was a Highland girl character taken by Miss Praser. Miss Fraser showed a knowledge of the probabilities of costume rare in an amateur. She wore her plaid in shawl fashion, as Highland women wear it, instead of across her chest.as Highland women never wear it. And the manner of her delivery was delightful. One little quatrain :— Like silver rain her accents fell, She charmed each gazer ; lint who should utter phrases well, If not a Fraser ? With the departure of Deeming it is to bo hoped that things will brighten up a bit. There's no denying the fact that, if we except the daily papers. Deeming and his dreadful doings has been the toln cause of the utter stagnation prevailing for some time past. Everybody, from the highest to the lowest., took such a keen interest in "Mr. Williams" that, in order to glean all the latest particulars, everything else was given the go-by. Nor was 1 his state of affairs confined to the sterner sex alone. In the suburbs at early morn (he good wife might be seen craning her neck in order to catch the first glimpse of the "paper boy." Many and uiauy a breakfast has been done to cinders ; many and many a dinner, too, has not been done at all, and what is the cause? Deeming! Houses and homes have been neglected, the very children have been left unwashed while the fond mothers devoured the very latest about Deeming. Now it is to be hoped we'll have no more of it. M km often niarrv for love! Sometimes for position; hut oftener, yes oftener, for money. Rarely, however, do we come across a man who marries for stamps. Thefollowingadvertisement from a Mauritius paper will show the lengths to which some people will go, however, when 011 the hunt for stamps:—"A stamp collector, the possessor of a collection of 12,544 stamps, wishes to marry a lady who is an ardent collector, and the possessor of the blue penny stamp of Mauritius, issued in 1K4-7." That (he stamp so eagerly sought after is a rare old curiosity may lie gathered from the fnct that its market value is reckoned about ±"20t). Jn these days of all the latest methods of forgery, the advertiser would want to he especially cautious, else it is just possible a counterfeit stamp might he worked oil' on him. rniiifi; Fair states that the day on which such an awful discovery as this would be made would be the beginning of the breaking up of the collectors' wedded bliss. We question ourselves, however, if a man so wedded to old postage stamps would have lunch love left for his wife, 