It was therefore with considerable surprise that Mathias was aroused from his evening siesta to find the duke himself before him. His first words were of Zillah.. ' She is here, of course, with you, my good Mathias,' Bertram said, wringing his hand. ' Your last note completely eased my mind, telling me she was well. So you see, I preferred answering it in person-and here I am.' 'What !-you have not sent for her to meet you ?' cried Mathias. 'I? Certainly not. I have only just arrived. But, Mathias, what is this ? Has anything happened to Zillah?' 'She is not here,' he answered, gravely. 'Someone brought her a message this morning, and she went away. She left no word when we might expect her back.' ' She has returned to the gipsies-maybe I shall find her in one of the tents,' the duke said, quietly, and glanced at his watch. The old musician eyed him thoughtfully. ' You were called away very suddenly. I hope your affairs are not in so desperate a state as you feared.' ' They could not be much worse, Mathias,' he said, moodily. 'I have been to the needy and unscrupulous what carrion is to the crow. Bill-discounters bleeding me expected money never received-my step father a swindler; but he is dead, and so must be pardoned for all debts and sins.' ' Do you still love this girl you seek ? Can you afford the luxury of indulging in a romantic caprice?' ' The duke was silent. He thought of Clydale and his mother-of her prayers and entreaties--his own social obligations. Ruin was very bitter-love hardly sweetened it. 'Suppose Zillah still pines for a life of freedom,' Mathias continued ' I must find her,' the duke cried, aroused from his brooding. 'I will seek the gipsies' tents to-night' All his triumphs, his luxuries, his conquests, had ended. He might taste the neglect and scorn of his fellows, and he wondered whether it might not be a less painful life for him to be buried in seclusion with Zillah than court homage and distinction in the world. Only the fate and welfare of others and those whom he loved were bound up in him. Was he free now to please himself? Might not sacrifice be his duty? Reflecting thus he plunged into the night shadows in search of Zillah. He knew the route well. Lights from various windows streamed on orange-trees and myrtle groves with flickering, ghost-like movements. It was a clear and moonlight night. Should he find Zillah singing to herself in some sequestered path, and strain her to his breast and with happy tears and kisses again seal their eternal union ? Suddenly a tall form appeared from the road-side-a dark, gloomy visaged man, whom Bertram recognised as one of the gipsies. He would question him regarding Zillah. It was Michael. He lifted his cap in respectful salutation. They were some distance from the wood. The duke little guessed the burning hatred consuming Michael-the fierce longing he felt to bury his knife in his breast. ' Have you seen anything of Zillah ?' the duke asked, feeling sure Michael would know if she were here. For he had cleverly masked all outward indications of his jealous wrath. He knew that if he were to possess Zillah it must be through violence or craft - perhaps a mingling of the two. ' I believe she's gone away,' said Michael, indifferently. 'She was always wild. A dance and a song-that was all she cared for.' The duke gave him a rapid glance. Michael saw the look, and went on with a demonstrative gesture. ' I dould tell you a thing or two about her that might surprise you,' he said, watching the effect of his words. 'She's pretty, but wild as a hawk. Such a temper. You must have been mad, begging your lordship's pardon, to seek to wed a girl likethat.' ' I wish to see her. I will believe nothing save what I hear from her lips alone.' 'She's away down South with a lover,' then said Michael, unceremoniously taking out his pipe and jerking his finger over his shoulder. ' Thyra told me he sent for her a Spaniard I'm told-a matador. He'd about tame her.' 'It is false. She loved me.' 'Loved your money. Loved you ? I don't believe it. Gipsies like the colour of the Georgio's gold, but for the Georgio him. self they care nothing,' and Michael snapped his fingers. 'They ,prefer a brute like.me that 'ud thrash 'em as soon as look at !em. Zillah's wild. How can a' wild thing like that get tamed all of a sudden ?' ' You forget that I am married to Zillah,' said the duke, laying his hand on Michael's shoulder. 'and that I love her as man never before loved woman. I do not believe she is false.' A look of triumph came over Michael's face-it was the hour of his revenge and it was sweet. He lingered, choosing his words, before he spoke. At last he said: lI've heard that ruin threatens you-tbat your grand bome in England will soon be yours no longer.' 'It is quite true,' the duke answered, ' but what of that ? Do you think I'm afraid to fare poverty, and do you go so far as to think Zillah loves me only for gold ?' 'If you love Z:llab,' Michael answered, ?and it you love yourself, leave her to me. She is no wife of yours, she never loved you, and never can; now that you are ruined she will be only to glad to give you up.' 'What do you mean ? Do you- ' 'I mean that she is not married to you, it was a hoax to get your gold. I performed that ceremony.' The duke was horrified at Michael's words. He began to see the. false haze Ire had surrounded his idol of the wildcrn ss with ; now that he was poor she had gone; it seemed all to true, or else why had she fled? 'A hoax,' the.duke repeated, slowly, 'to get my gold ?' Then, turning to Michael. 'Did she know that there was no priest ?' Michael did not hes:tate, though he lied when he answered ' Yes.' 'Good Heaven!' said the duke, 'hat infamy, Zillah not my wife, and I ruined. I must see her at once. Where is she ?' 'Calm yourself, my lord, you ought to think yourself jolly lucky that Zillah is not married to you; if I asked her this day she'd be my wife and never give another thought to you,' and Michael laughed. 'You leave her alone, she's all right and you are not. Just make it worth a feller's while and I',l keep her from troubling you. GJ bick tI England, save your home, she's not worth the ruin of a name like yours.' Bertram listcned with horror and disap. pointment. A vision came before him of Clydale, his beautiful home, in which strangers might reign if hre could nat bring himself to part fromn this young gipsy, and hIe had loved her so dearly. IIe buried his face in his hands, not knowing what to believe. Michael watched him in silence, TO CE CONTINUED. 