PERSONAL PARS. Elder Exploration Expedition leaves Lindsay lazy. Signorina Guidotti, of the Italian Opera Com pany, is a Spaniard. Gerald & Duff have abandoned their action for libel against the Advertiser. It would be a strange thing if Leigh's Creek had to supply Hold Hingerland with coal. Lord Glasgow is nearly 60. He and Sir Henry Norman will be the veterans among Australasian Governors. The Chinese celebrate their New Year with prayers and crackers. The crackers soon drown the prayers. Lord Sheffield is opposed to meeting second-rate elevens. The plucky old boy will be quite satisfied after next week. Lindsay might follow Stanley's example and scoop oof by lecturing. Subject, " How I didn't cross the continent." ? The black and yellow agony in Queensland. First instalment—Kanakas robbing a Chinaman. To be continued in our next. Judge Boucaut will have a number of com missions, to execute in Cornwall. Why does not Editor Bonython accompany him ? Railway Commissioner Speight, of Victoria, has had enough of the goadings of the Age, and he is now going to appeal to the law. Some Broken Hill miners admit having an occasional nap underground. At Moonta it is said religious meetings are held in the shafts. South Australia is suffering from the collapse of Victorian financial institutions much more than from the comparative failure of the wheat harvest. The editor of the Northern Territory paper didn't know Charles Spurgeon's christian name. A Baptist missionary is badly wanted in Port Darwin. Parson John Blacket was at one time, if Quiz remembers aright, a printer, but he is conservative enough to be the proprietor of a wealthy daily newspaper. Lord Ranfurly, an Irish peer, is going up to his Mildura estate. We shall have the Prince of Wales coming out as a settler to Renmark one of these days. Her Majesty the Queen is mourning again. This time it is only a son-in-law. Judging by appearances the Queen will have to mourn pretty frequently before her final abdication. Sir John Colton says smoking is a beastly habit. What about snuffing % A smoker is infinitely preferable to a snuffer, and yet many venerable and religious gentlemen go in for " snelshin'." How would this do to evade the Sunday closing law 1 Suppose a lodger and a friend want a glass of beer each. Let the former order a double dose and an empty glass, and there you are. Quiz was somewhat premature last week. The negotiations between a newspaper syndicate and Mr. W. J. Sowden have fallen through, and some one else will be chosen as cable representative in London. A correspondent informs Quiz that there were very good reasons why Mr. Giles was not accorded a hearing at the Noarlunga election meeting. The electors knew Mr. Giles, and were determined not to listen to him. There is a ghost roaming about Port Wakefield. People go out to the number of a century and a half to lay the spirit with brickbats, but so far nothing more dangerous than a white cow has been discovered. Ebenezer Ward on high stilts is a sight for the gods. He is always in his element at a banquet, and an old saying has been paraphrased thus— " Banquets were made for Ward, not Ward for banquets." Parson Marson, who is about to shake the dust of South Australia from his shoes, is the possessor of a valuable painting by Corregio, which he may give to our Art Gallery. The cleric is a great curiosity collector. The temperance party (don't use capitals, please, Mr. Printer) will soon be trying to stop the cultivation of hops in the South-East unless. the growers promise not to sell their produce to any but hop beer makers. Ex-Premier Munro, of Victoria, must have been highly gratified at his Adelaide reception. The Ministry were certainly represented, but the teetotallers constituted the " crowd." It was a cold water affair right through. Northern Territory residents appear aggrieved that there is not to be a lady at the head of Government House, Port Darwin, and they remind Mr. Caldwell of his project for introducing European women into the Territory. Mr. Justice Boucaut has been for thirteen years and a half on the Supreme Court Bench. He might have been Chief Justice in 1876 had he wished it. Quiz does not believe the rumor that Mr. Boucaut intends to re-enter political life. Jimmy Tyson, the Queensland millionaire, promises to lend the Government of Bananaland <£200,000—at 4J per cent. Jimmy once offered a loan of £500,000 to. build a transcontinental rail way. A hundred thousand or so is nothing to him. Cheques for the employes of the firm of John Dunn & Co. next month. As there are 81 permanent hands, and the amounts to be paid to each will be regulated by length of service and salary received, John Dunn, sen., will have to ease his bank balance considerably. The Duke of Cumberland has tumbled in for the Guelph Fund, worth two millions, on condition that he promises loyalty to Germany. A Guelph would promise loyalty to anything to which money was attached, so the future of the decrepit British Commander-in-Chief is assured. The good people of Eiliston are going to recognise Wednesday afternoon as a half holiday during six months of the year. Amongst those who have signed the holiday declaration is the local medical practitioner. Now, what can a doctor want with a Wednesday afternoon spell % If Mrs. Grundy is suddenly afflicted with tic doloreaux, or Mrs. McDonohue's baby has the measles, will the medico refuse to attend them? The idea is quite revolutionary. 