II. ITiiy wrote his letters and awaited replies I with ardent interest, and to judge from the number he presently received everyone had I something to say about the bunyip. Save in l one particular, it seemed a very l'roteus of beasts-the one particular on which all were agreed being as to its utterance of a blood curdling cry. Otherwise It was a purely aquatic animal, with a head like a seal ami a Ions neck: it bellowed like a bullock in (lire pain, lived on water-lily roots and yabbis, and was of a retiring disposition. It was an amphibious beast of predatory tendencies, with a long neck and a head like a Newfoundland dog, and it roared like alion in extremis. It was a composite creature, with the head of a kangaroo and the body of a monstrous Irog, of incredible swiftness ; and had once pursued a man for a mile and a half, gnashing its teeth and yelling like the devil-with the result that the said man on reaching a place of safety had straightway fallen down in a fit, and had been delirious for a week after. " This," quoth Pearson, en passant, " was evidently a gentleman who was troubled with ' snakes in his boots.'" Then, on the other hand, it was a myth ; the peculiar cry attributed to it by the blacks and others being The boom of the bittern. The strange sharp explosions sometimes heard from swamps in very hot weather in volcanic country, when the said swamps were drying up. The snort of the male kangaroo when pre paring for combat, A bullock in difficulties. In short, anything in the world but the bunyip! lliay kept two answers-one denying the existence of the bunyip in a terse sentence " The Bunyip is all Tommy rot." The other running as follows: " In reply to your correspondent. ' Hay,' re bunyip, permit me to state what occurred on my own property, to my great annoyance and serious loss. Some three years ago I found it necessary to build a woolshed on an out station of mine, as that at the home-station was too small for my requirements. I there fore selected what seemed to me a good site on the edge of a large swamp -about three quarters of a mile long-after which the station takes its name, Lancobilly, and had a small shed for ten or twelve shearers, with the requisite huts put up there. The first season it was in use all went well until the shearing was nearly over. Then one evening after sunset, when the shearers were all out on the bank yarning in the cool after their day's work, a cry sounded from the further end, of so appalling a nature that every man stopped talking ana sprang to his feet In about ten minutes it was repeated, apparently just beyond the rushes girdling the water and not far from where the men were ; with the extraordinary result that these men -twelve able- bodied decent shearers stampeded in an Uncontrollable panic and rushed for safety to the hats, where, in spite of the heat of the night, they secured them selves with bolt and bar behind shut doors and windows. My overseer, who was super intending the shed, told me he never saw such a sight, or heard such a sound. He reported the matter to me next day; and I myself went over and over the swarnn in a boat with my dogs and gun, and proved, as I thought, conclusively to the shearers that there was nothing unusual there. Yet that night the cry was repeated at intervals, accompanied by the sound of water moved by a heavy body. The men again passed the night in hermetically-sealed hots; and if the shearing had not come to an end next day I believe they would have all have struck work. From that day to this I have never been able to induce shearers to sign for the swamp shed. My roll is always full for the home station, but not a single man will go to Langobilly, on the score that it is haunted by a bunyip. My new shed and huts are there fore a dead loss. If your correspondent has any practical interest in this mythical crea ture, which has done me material damagfe, I should be most heartily pleased if he would direct his investigations to Langobilly, and clear its reputation, which at present is some what of an evil one. I enclose my name and address, fcc." This communication delighted Hey. He hurried off to The Auetrtuasian office and obtained the name and address of his cor respondent, which proved to be those of a squatter whose station, or stations, lie some three or four hundred miles north-wefit of - Melbourne, and who in this narrative is Mr. : Smith. With this before them the four comrades smoked the pipe! of comfort, for three of the four at least were well satisfied. Hay was serenely content since a local habitation for his bunyip was fixed; White and Pearson were happy in the anticipation of a holiday to lie spent in as lonely a spot as hermit' might desire, beyond the limits of their own: colony, in connfry that they knew ot old to be foil ot interest. M9«?s alone was abstracted. The painful experience of the twelve able-bodied phearers struck him disagreeably. From that to the state of hib own health was a natural transi tion-to him. He was afraid, he said, that in camping out he might lay the foundation of ja iostang dejicacy, He thought he was getting a cola-here he coughed-perhaps, after all. it wduld be as well folr him to ran Ho risks-- o"'j At tbis pOint the others burst out laugh ing ; in whic&Jhe; presentlyJoined. ~ " Morris," said White" firmly: "no noji sense! you Me ander engagement to go, and yon shall goifl have to bind and cartyyou single-handed* n Don't -you know, you pld sneak, that thereiB nothing bo good for weak forest? They primitive tnah wwftjra fcu^d his colds th&tway-left; offhis feather top. nevefr,ftMi£r. .*»./ < /* 'V'--.'aTW' " Besides,w added feanoh, " we look to you to cheer us in our dangerous quest. You can pipe on the edge of the swamp, when we grapple with the deadly plesio-bunyip, screech oil that infernal tin whistle of yours will nerve us to desperation and curl up the bunyip with colic." For Morris played on a primitive pipe, or tin whistle, with some facility, and wag given to discourse sweet shrill music thereon, until forcibly restrained by one or other of his aggrieved companions. Ilis scruples thus put aside, it was decided that Hay should write to Mr. Smith, saying that he and his companions would avail them selves of the permission to track the bunyip to his watery lair in Langobilly Swamp, and that, all being well, they hoped to be theiij immediately after Christmas. . « I . l|l| On the 28th of December the four friends found themselves in a remote little border township in South Australia, and still five-nnd-twenty miles from their ultimate destination. They had caused considerable astonishment in the mind of the coachdriver with whom they had travelled the last fifty miles of the road. He did not know what to make of them. Hay, in particular, had offended him by stigmatising, in a burst of geological enthusiasm, his coach us aa anachronism. "No such thing," said the driver gruffly ; "Cobb and Co. don't have any rubbish." " My good friend," said Hay mildly, while the others shouted with laughter, " I only mean that with regard to the vegetation around us it is a little out of place-like a top-hat on a naked savage." Jiut the driver was not to be appeased. He told the landlord of the hotel at which they were to spend the night that he had brought up four bally "cranks," and was precious glad they were going on to Langobilly, and not back with htm on the morrow. To Langobilly! Then had the landlord been bidden to look out for those very " cranks," and to deliver to them a missive from Mr. Smith, who proposed to pilot them to Langobilly Swamp himself, the track being a little uncertain. Mr. Smith proved to be a tall, gentlemanly man, who, with courteous hospitality, in sisted on their lunching with him, after which they started for the swamp in a waggon ette driven by their host, their own buggy and baggjage following in charge of a groom. Hay, sitting on the box beside Mr. Smith, delivered himself of a little geological and palaxMitological lecture out of the fulness of his heart, which mightily amused that worthy gentleman, who scarcely knew what to think of his adopted country being thus decisively relegated to "the long, longagoes." " At that rate," he said, "yon Englishmen heed never again taunt Australia with being distressingly new. According to you she is the oldest, most conservative of lands." " Delightfully antique!" agreed Hay. "Ah ! if these old-fashioned sheoaks of yours could but speak, what wonderful revelations might they not make!" "Don't you know," said Pearson gravely; " that that is why they are never silent-even on the stillest day? Their memories are overloaded; and they are always Bighing with the effort to unburden themselves." " I am beginning to understand," said White, " since Hay has been lecturing me, what it is that affects one so strangely in the bush. It is its tremendous antiquity. One feels unfamiliar and a little intrusive." As if one were the ghost of the future!" added Morris,.and wondered why the others smiled. "God bless my soul!" ejaculated Mr. Smith, staring round him at his valuable if out-of-date country. Langobilly Swamp is fifteen miles from the homestead, and is three-quarters of a mile long, and about the eighth of a mile across at its narrowest part. It lies in the flat country-dear to the heart of ever}' one that knows it-where a rise of a few feet in height constitutes a hill. It is set in a girdle of green reeds; and at its northern end shallows off Into a mere marsh, which loses itself in thick ti-tree scrnb. The other three banks are well above the level of the swamp, and on the eastern one stands the abandoned woolsheti. All around stretch wide-reaching paddocks, timbered with gam, blackwood, and sheoak trees. A more lonely spot it would be hard to find on God's earth. Mr. Smith eyed the scene with intense dis favour. " That is Langobilly," he said, introducing the swamp with a wave of his hand. " A nice possession truly! The blacks say there is a bottomless hole in the middle-I don't know, I'm sure." He frowned and shook his head at Langobilly. " At any rate," he con tinued, turning to Hay, who was gazing about him in a sort of scientific rapture, " it is deep enough to swim in in the middle. You will have done me an incalculable service if you can prove that the confounded utterer of the cry is some harmless bird or beaBt. 1 don't believe in the bunyip mj'setf, but his mere name has cost me a pretty penny 1 I hope yon won't mind my coming put occasionally to see how you ore getting on with your investigations ?' Morris interjected fervently that they would be only too glad to see him. . And," continued Mr. Smith, "if you find you need anything, pray let me know, that I mayhave the pleasure of sending it out from the station." ' Hay timuked him oordially, and he took his leav$ . .. .. . Morris looked ruefully after, (the retreating waggonette. Now, indeed,' w*b the last link with civilisation broken, iand he abandoned in a terrible solitude where no life was. " Come here,;j'ou lazy beffiar." cried White cheerfully. " ana help ^ig uptins tent". By the time they hfed pitched their camp, and oooked and demolished -tfaar evening meal amid much hilarity, the' «uri had sun k. The stars flashed out jJL^gobillyJoysil^t. untenanted !*? *uiy birdjit ineffably solitary. ""i-'*?'??? ? The four comrade In silence; they cor akii} toawethiBj wherein there jjet" but themselves. . , , _ . -'A Httle fitful breese shivered suddenly 6ver the'bosom of ilie swamp. TUsfcJed'tb rough the Teeds atits edge^ andseb the sheoak neeules whispering overhead* Morris.turoe4 over on his face vith a smothered gr^wn. , " - "Ohr Saiii^in'olhwr^ttewUsa? * dead or alive, in this hotriblfcplaoe? hushed tones, ,&few;«^pft yews pr?w in in whi<fcw! lived it is to and fro, snarling and grumbling, up nnd down the gum trees, whose grey trunks gleamed strangely in the moonlight. A distant magpie, waking from hi| first sleep, cimntod a stave or two, and straightway fell n-ihviuni"g again. , , . - , A kangaroo hopped leisurely down to the water, then, seeing the camp fire and the unfamiliar ligures on the bank, paused nliiiglited, snuffing the air, and, scenting danger, scudded back in sudden panic into the timber-thud, thud, thud, away into the far distance. jiy this time the air, too, was full of insect life. Yellow cockchafers and big black beetles, with preposterous horns on their foreheads, boomed and droned overhead. A iniMkm mosquitoes swarmed up from the swamp, and hovered, trumpeting shrilly, outside the cloud of smoke in which each mail was careful to envelope himself.. The fcunyip alone made no sign. 