Sunbury Histories. TRANSLATED- FROM THE . ORIGINAL ZAMPARICO. ' By Arch.cot,oo ist. To the Reader.—The language of the Zampnrico’s consisted of" two dis tinct vocal sounds, followed l>y a series of barks. This dialect must have been mere-.or less prevalent in our traditionary Shakspear’s time, an assumption borne out in the dramatists assertion, that ho “ would rather be a dog and bag the moon.” Be that ns it may the trans lator has managed to surmount all obstacles and now'has much pleasure in submitting the result to the public. The original document is .of very great antiquity, insomuch that it refers to a period when Mrs. Guelph was queen of Great Britain and empress of Indian hawkers. The relic when hatched into intelligibility runs as follows : “ Our sliire representative Councillor Scattergnb is an adapt in splitting down .the. vertebral eolumu of dofunet mutton— ’ a performance we need not be surprised at for the reason that ho was born a chopper of mutton chops.’ “ l’ut a cleaver in his hand bo swings it round at the rate of five hundred blows per minute.” “ Once a month when wearied with muscular enterprise he gives his arm a spell and seeks relaxation in public oratorical displays of such magni tude that the ghosts of Cicero and Demosthenes are much exercised .to dis cover where all his flatulent verbiage •comes from.” “Punctually on the third Thursday In the month he mounts Lis " stately Sliessalian highstepper snmptiously banquetted tbe night before on Sunbary picket fences tu give him the necessary timbre to accomplish the journey in contract time. “ After a scatterful canter the architectural hair trunk lands his rider at the Sliire Hall, and Councillor Scattergab with his vest quivering with the stock of forensic •eloquence, that it buttons up hastily, dismounts.” “ Glancing around a spaee he next enters the building with that easy swing of leg, characteristic of those who in a public function cannot see that they are standing on the ]>ons ansmorum to provoke the ridicule of their matter of fact fellows.” “ Having business to transact at the Bulla Sliire parliament I enter the hall and b-.hold you, the urbane secretary steps up to me with two plugs of cotton wadding which he hands to mo with a profound Salaam. He whispers barricade vour auricular organs with these for my sake, for if your ear drums are broken you will be bringing nn action against tbe Council.” “Declining tlie offer with a courteous (no thank vou I am impervious to dm roar and rant), 1 sat down to listen to what ties Grecians term the debutcmmls. “From .fire, hot water, and pernicious women, ye saints deliver us—hut wh it piwer I groaned shall save me from being drowned with the eloquential fiatainessof Councillor Seat‘e~gab gush ing forth at the rate of five Jmmlred thousand cubic feet per minute. , The ordeal to me was a m »t trying- hue. be cause up to tho moment Scattergab•pe, pendicularised himself, the proceedings had been marked with the gravity and decorum of an Amphictyonio Coined engaged in a discussion on a question of •vital import to the Hellenic confederacy. ^ •• Recovering my normal balance o.. mind 1 began to indulge in a cogi bundity of cogitation as to liow this knight of the cleaver, this self-acting ■phonograph had obtained licence to pose as a lacklustre luminary m tbe Bulla Sliire Council.” “A d,od oE llollt broke in upon me.” ” Slapping my thigh I almost shouted Eureka. Calm in'' my enthusiasm in the resolution of the enigma I addressed myseif as follows : The old woman vote of bnn bury combined with the judicious dis tribution of sheep’s heads and shin bones has placed this individual in a position to air his inherent rapidity asa a public ran. (To be continent.) 