By Mí© hoi ta Fountain. Threo unknown, but blighted individúala met at midnight under the reflections from tba old iron of Lotta's Fountain. " This town is no rlaac for rae," said tho first. '" Although I am tho Original Matri monial Bureau, my fume ¡B ovoroaBt. Mayor's Bureau for Privnto transaction with poor and hungry foreign princes has cooked my gooso forever." "Look at ma," whispered, a soeond. "I was portly and rich; now I am only a ghost af myself. I was an Endowment Association, and a party named Tebin exposed my little game of AsBurancp." " Foolish ones .1" said a third. " You have made bad breaks, and must Ho low for a while. But you, my dear Matrimonial', will . still find Country Flats and City Dudes, You, my respeated Endowment Association can pull up atabes and go to Seattle. But I have no such rosourcc. I am Completely Dished." He pulled aside his cloak, and gazing upon him, they shrank in dismay. " You aro right," they Baiö, Bponking to gether. " We cannot asBooiata with yon any longer.' A Life-Saving service that doee not Save Lita ia somowhat of a blunder. Go bury yourself in a sand-bill." BENJAMIN Franklin was once travelling in cold weather and saw no vacant place at the tavern-fire where he oould wars himself. Ha cried out the order : "Half a peck of oysters in tho shell for my horse." Upon this, all tho firo-place orowd rushod'out to BOO a borso eat oysters. Very soon the hustler returned and said : "Wby, sir, your h or BO won't ' eat the oysters." " Wont bet" said Franklin, how comfort fortnbly sooted by the fireside; " well, thoo, bring them in and cook them and I'll eat them myself." '.."'? '. ]' A nooHEDOLDp.n disopvered that a spark from.a neighboring conflagration had fallen .upon his own slightly.planting roof,'and hod set firo to the shingles: All tho.buokcta and tilba had gone to the .big firs, and there .was : ..no ono to sand aftqr . them, even had thors been time for such a rncasnro ; but the man waa equal to the emergency. HS rushed to a pond near by, and deliberately ¡mt down in tba water. To run, upstairs and out upon tho roof was tho work of a moment, and then ho" sat on" the fire in moro flonaeajthan one, and saved the house, , IT ia aharasteriatio of .Boroo good-natured mon always to agree with those with whom, they converse. It is with thom a point of politeness nover to differ, which cort of politeness is certainly a very amiable kind of tact. Wo havan aapital instance of the value of tbíB polioy in' the Bansibla' speeoh of the man who, during one ol tho Belfast riots, waa asked by n mob what bis religion was. Ho did not know whether his interrogators wera Catholics or Protestants, bat he looked at their weapons, tbsir bludgeons, and their firearms, survoyod all carefully and answered: " Gentlomon, I am of tba same opinion as that gentleman there with the big 8X0." A COLONEL in tho Fronoh-ftrmy who bad a ? great eye for neatness, but not much of an car tor musia, took occasion ona day to oom*, plimcnt bis band-master on tba appearance ot bis man. "Their uniforms nra neat," said tho colonel, " and their instruments are nicely polished and kept in order, but there is ono . improvement that I must insist upon." " What is it, colonel ?" " You must trnin you men, when tboy per form, to lift tV.eir fluyera all nt exactly tbs samo timo and at regular iclcivals on their ' instrumente, so-one, two I ono, two I" Tun eel Injrs iti rpRP, or brings forth its young nltvo, in tho sen, wboro r.n ono hos a ohanco to obecrvo thc procter. Other flabes, like tho shad, Irnvn tho ocean to «pawn in frrim wntcr strcrmn, I.nt thin curious and dippery cuntomcr does precien ly tho révérer. The young cele, ne wly I orn nr hatched, IPBVO tho salt unter, e.nd make tboir way in nt mies up tba rivers inland. i 