[PUBLISHED DAILY.] JUST TAXATION-ECONOMIICAL GOVERNMENT -PEIRFBCT FIREEDOM OF TRADE. FRIDAY, DECEMBER g3, 1892. OPINIONS may differ as to the method adopted by Mr Rooks to enter a protest against the proposal to establish a Tas manian University at Hobart, but there can be no doubt that the sentiments he expressed are those of the publia gene rally. The only points for Parliament to consider in relation to the scheme suggested appear to have boon over looked, and the Legislature has assented to the proposals made for no better reason than that we should possess in Tasmania similar institutions to those which have been established in larger and richer colonies. It does not appear that lhon. members have reflected upon the fact that we cannot possibly main tain the same standard of excellence in respect to the University as our neigh bours across the Straits, and that unless we can accomplish this we had better remain as we are, and make use of the institutions which are aceessible enough for that section of society which is in a position to make use of the advantages they offer. In the first place we cannot afford the expense, and in the next, the locality which has been selected for the University makes it very evident that its privileges will be limited to resi dents in the southern portion of the island. With singularly bad taste the moment this phaso of the ques tion was touched upon by tile Chief Secretary, Mr Crosby introduced the old question of North v. Southl the veritable "cloven hoof" of Tas manian politics. According to the dic tatorial member for Hobart the claims of northern residents to consideration and their rights to participate in advan tages for which they have to pay, must be silenced for fear potty provincial feeling should be created, and the opera tion of the new institution be impeded. To Mr Rooko, indeed to everybody except Mr Crosby, it was patent that unless special facilities were given to northern residents they would continue to make use of the Melbourne Uni versity, which is quite as conveniently situated, as far as they are concerned, as the one at the capital will be, and g infinitely more efficient. We fail to see how suitable arrangements can be made for northern students except at very great cost, but apart from this fact we hold that the establishment of a University for this colony is altogether unnecessary, and that expenditure for that purpose is wholly indefensible. The general trend of opinion in Aus tralia is in favour of amalgamating the existing Universities rather than adding . to their number, and there is also a growing feeling that the English model Y upon which the colonial institutions are founded is not suited to Australia. The Sconditions of life are very different to ' those which prevail in the old land, and are still changing. We are naturally desirous that the rising generation shall obtain the best possible educational advantages, and to this end we expend a large sum annually upon our state schools, which are the pi·ivilege of the masses, and the stepping stones to the University for the few. Has the work of organising and extending our state school system been so far completed that we can lavish money upon higher education ? If it has well and good, but even then we do not think that Parliament should be asked to endow a University unless the few for whose benefit it is created will con tribute their quota. Moreover, we see an absolute disadvantage in what the exlonents of the new systems claim as an advantage. Hitherto Tasmanian scholars have been sent abroad to com plete their training, and have not only secured the highest training under the best professors but have also learned Ssomething of the wide world beyond their island hIlome. As a result tllhey return with local prejudices softened or obliterated and their ideas broadened h and oxpanded. Under the new system Sthey will be tied to the apron strings of the Education Departlument of the colony, and will be given the services of Spoorly paid professorsat a comparatively Sunknown University. Indeed, the whole scheme that has been adopted is an apt illustration of those mistakes which Tasmanian Governments have made from time to time, and against the repetition of which Sir Robert Hamilton warned us in one of his farewell speeches. Now South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, and New Zealand have their Universities, ergo Tasmania must have one too, though it will necessarily pro voke a comparison not by any means favourable to the island colony. When the fiat " retrench" had gone forth, and the salaries of the civil servants are being reduced and the burdens of the people increased, it is inconsistent, nay, it is wicked, to expend the people's money upon that which cannot be a success with the means at its disposal, and which, even in the very heyday of prosperity, would be unnecessary. It was probably this feeling that induced Mr Rooke, properly but very indis creetly, to take exception to the dogma ticism of Mr Crosby and the desire of the select few to add another costly and needless institution to the attrac tions of the capital. With federation there must come the amalgamation of the Universities of Australia, and con sequently the Tasmanian institution will probably be abolished long before its existence had become generally known and recognised. Tne Tasmanian Council of Agriculture is rapidly extending the range of its opera tions, and if the results of the past may be taken as criterious of those to come, the interests of the colony as a whole cannot be otherwise than benefited. In years gone by our agricultural industry was per mitted to languish, until it had attained a very low level, at any rate, so far as all round prosperity was concerned. For this state of things the apathy of the farming community must to a very great extent be held responsible. Our agriculturalists understood not the advantage of co-opera. Stire action. They permitted representa tives of ether and far less important in dustries to band together and thus divert means which might have been legitimately employed in the furtherance of agricul- ture into channels which time has since proved to be unproductive. Now however, a change is coming over the spirit of the scene. Our farmers are realising and none too soon either, the true signification of the term co-operation. They are awak- ing to the meaning of the old motto " United we stand, divided we fall" and when they have fully opened their eyes to the import of these words, then, and then only, can the agricultural industry, so far as Te?mania is concerned, be honestly designated the backbone of the colony. To the influence of the Council of Agriculture must, to a great extent, be attributed the growing healthiness of the tone which for some time past has been pervading certain of our farming districts north and south. At the present period twenty-one branches of the Council have been established in the island and more are to follow. Those branches if properly sustained should be responsible for an incalculable amount of good; for not alone will they be the means of bringing about the desired co-operation, but they will act as mediums for the dis- senination of profitable knowledge throughout their respective districts. It is certainly to be regretted that our leis lative authorities have deemed it fit to hamper the Council, to a certain extent, with official red-tapeism, but it is perhaps only natural that in certain roespects legis latora sequire just as much educating up in the tay it is desirable they should go, as do our simple minded villagere. A STaoNe feeling has been manifest in the United States of recent years, that some legislative effort should be made with a view of temporatily checking the tide of immigration which has for so long been constantly flowing from various quarters of the globe on to the soil of the Union. Recent events have conclusively proved that a very considerable percentage of what is justly termed "the dangerous element" is included in the etrcam of humanity which fi)ws from across the Atlantic, including as it does, the anarch- ist, aggressive soaiels?t, profeasional agitator, and ether such scourings of Europeau civiliention. The States have now a very respectable population, at least so far as numbers go, of their own, and could well afford to do without the aid of immigration for some time to come. How Europe will fare when the safety valve afforded for so many years for her surplus millions, is even temporarily checked, bo comes a matckr for rather serious con- jecture. Perhaps Australasia will gain what the United States are ap- parently not very sorry ta lose, that is unless calonists in this part of the world make up their minds ts strenu ously oppose the landing of the human refuse of the old world upon their chores. The number of free immigrants arriving in America from various countries from 1820 to 1870 inclusive was — England, 894,444 ; Ireland, 3.0G5,761; Scotland, 159,517; Wales, 17,893; Great Brit sin (not specified) 560,453; total British Isles, 4.698,008, The numbers from other European countrie were Austria andIlungary,65,588;Deunmark, 48,628; France, 313,716; Germany, 3,002,027; Italy, 70,181; Sweden and Norway, 306,092; Switzerland, 83,709. :'he otdl from Europe wes 8,746.021. In 1882, Etatistica show us thero was a f reign immigration representing 788.992 souls.Tho figures quoted will furnish the reader with a very good idear of the proportions this exodus of people from Europa to theUnited States has been gradually assuming, until now " Uuelo Sam " has apparently become wide-awake to the necessity of closing his front door for a time and refusing to open it again until his inmates have oamfortably settled down. Sensational poisoning cases seem in a measure peculiar to New Zealand. Some five years since, the Australasian news- papers were full of the details of the infa- mous Hallcase, in connection with which so many startling revelations were made. Hall, who was highly connected, was a prominent resident of Timaru,and rendered himself notoriously prominent by a propen- sity he had for appropriating money at the expense of other peoples worldly existence. He insured his wife for a considerable amount and then set systematically to work to poison her, having previously, it is strongly suspected,"removed" his respected father-in-law from this world of toll and trouble. For the crimes sheeted home to his account he is now serving imprison- ment for the term of his natural life. An equally sensational case to Hall's, has recently been brought to light at Waiko- miti, near Auckland. A young English barrister, possessing as attractive wife, settled at Waikomiti, in proximity to the habitat of a farmer named Alexander Scott. This impressionable individual fell a victim to the charms of Mrs Thompson, and after a brief period of acquaintance was installed as a friend of the family. The attentions of the new comer were evidently acceptable to the lady of the house, for evidence was adduced at the in- quest to show that the couple were fre- quently seen out walking and driving together. Letters were also found in Scott's possession showing they corresponded with each other, albeit the contents of these epistles were somewhat matter of fact. Owing to indisposition Mrs Thompson left Waiko- miti and went to reside so Auckland, leav- ing Scott to look after home and "hubby." The guardian of these domestic treasures started to fulfil his trust by filling "hubby" up with a variety of poisons, and in consequence of such delicate atten- tions, poor Thompson after a lingering illness ultimately yielded up the ghost. An inquest was held on the body, and after Scott had tendered his evidence he was arrested, and now stands committed for trial on a charge of wilful murder. The affair has created intense excitement in and around Auckland, for the parties con- cerned are well known throughout the province. 