PARS PITHILY PUT. Hunah For that £500,000. Wind fall Which means The beginning Of brighter times. Confidence restoring. Long, wry, sad faces . Changing to cheerfulneffl. Good old Board of Works. Tbe colony's crodit assured Madden and Co.'s greit jewellery sale to-raorrow. The bright lexicon of Victoria's youth repels depression. Mr. George T. Clarice appointed librarian to the Prahran Library. The railway ' retrenchment time-table ' is to be issued on the first of May. What price Dixon, eh J E. A. Price, of course, and it's 6 to 4. on the veteran, M lolauthe n will be at borne at the Piah ran Town-hall next Wednesday night Another attractive addition to Our Gallery of Portraits for Saturday next. More about ' Science in the Pulpit' in to-day's issue, by the Bev. T. J. Malyon, LL.B. I The pretence tbat (1. N. lay lor is to oe , further prosecuted is still seriously kept ( going. 1 No matter bow much a man hates a ( I creditor, he invariably asks bim to call again. Bro. W. H. Hartley says tbere is nothing . can touch the Honorable Geoigc for St. Kilda. The associated banks have made arrange ments to support each other in any case t where required. Phillip Moses, of Malvern, lecturer, etc., insolvent. Liabilities, £969 20s. j de ficiency, £174. 10. The succcss of tbe Metropolitan Board of Works loan is the subject for congratu lation on all bands The net price of the Metropolitan Board of Works loan, after all* deductions, is £99 lGs. IOJd. per £100. The penny cabs at Prahran and St Kilda arc both doing remarkably well, being excellently patronised. The ia'tor organisations of Sydney are protesting against the maintenance of colored labor in Queensland. Dr. W. K. Bouton, formerly resident surgeon of the Homoeopathic Hospital, is extending bis practice to Prahran. The questioii of holding an Easier en campment this year of the field forces is engaging the attention of the Cabinet Statistics show that in London an average of 4s. 3d. is spent by every family for drink as against 2d. for education. Tbe completed additions to St. Matthew's Sunday- ichool, Prahran, will be formally opened to-night by a tea and public meeting. Victorian Police Band tootle-tootle in the Victoria Gardens on Sunday next in aid of the Prahran Unemployed Belief Fund. The Church of England Temperance Society has placcd on record its opinion that a tax should be pliced on beer and spirits. There was nothing of importance on the list at tbe St. Kilda court yesterday, the business consisting of a few .debts . .and truancy cases. Madden and Co.'s £5000 stock of jewel lery, etc., to be sacrificed to-morrow by Messrs. Baylee and Co., at their rooms in Collins-street. The questiou is mooted of erecting a memorial stone by public subscription over the remains of Emily Slathers, tbe Windsor tradegy victim. . Easter Tuesday, the 19th April, and Thursday, the 21st April, Eight Hours' Day, have been proclaimed public holidays thronght the colony. Metropolitan Board of Works half million loan doubly subscribed at par and over. Looks os if the doll times bogie has got his ticket to clear out. The P.P.L. want the various trade nnions to subscribe sufficient money out of their funds to ' put up ' the £50 deposit money for labor candidates. Terrible mortality among the Chinese laborers in German New Guinea. They are dying off in hundreds from dysentiy , infiuensa, and other complaints. Farewell soiree to tbe Bev. W. G. Lester at the East Prahran Bible Christian ! Church lsst night A report of the meet I ing will appear in Saturday's issue. , The appeal to the Privy Council in the j case of Cats}ake v. the Oaulfield shire coun cil has been abandoned, ^be council under taking to pave the drain through Carslake's I land. The news of the succcss of the Metro? politan Board of Works loan had the effect 1 of raising the prices of stocks on the Stock Exchange by one million pounds in two hours. Mr. W. Fiintoft says it is a mistake to hold any opponent too lightly ; and they are going to work in Soutb Yarra bard and well to give Sir. J. Harris a booming majority. Wc arc pleased to learn that Cr. Jeans of St Kilda, is making rapid strides towards convalescence, and anticipates being well enough to attend the next meeting of tho council. Observe a young father trying to appease a bawling baby, and you will witness in genuity enough in ten minuteB to make you think that the man ought to have been an inventor. Our sketches on Saturday last. of the scene of the Windsor tragedy, and ths por trait pf the devilish hero, formed the sub ject of fayoipablc coo)inei}t and con gratulation; Tbe matter of authorising cab stands in connection with the St Kilda Cab League was before tho local council meeting on Monday, and was referred to the surveyor, with power to act ' Pardinal Moran says, regarding legis lation to facilitate divorce and thas easily ' break tbe marriage bond; that the inviol ability of marriage is of religioh and above tbe influence of political enactments. The elegant and attraotive form of MisB Helen Hart was seen in Chapel-street on Monday. We understand tbat lady has determined enter politics, and has .ah eye on the snug electorate of Prahran. ? We will publish in Saturday's .issue the caste of characters and other details in reference to the production of ' lolanthe,'' which our aiqateurstars play next Wednes day evening at the Prahran Togmrhall. J. Johnson, cabinet mgker, of Peter street Sooth, Yaxify soe^ J. H. Knlpe, j auctioneer, in the Connty -Court on Friday j for £86 Cs. Gd. for work done. A verdict ' was given in plaintiff's favor for £81 with costs. I At tbe St. Kilda council meeting ou Monday night it was decided, on the motion of Cr. Turner, to ask theTram Company to ran the trams from the.Village Belle right through from terminus to terminus without changing. The anniversary of the Prabran Independ ent Church will be celebrated on Sunday next, when special eermouB will be preached by Bevs. Professor Gosmao and J. Ho&tson.; On Tuesday, the usual tea and public meet ing will take place. Cr. Tomer, -at the^St -Kilda -conncll meeting'on Monday evening, said, under the new .act, councils have no power to call tenders and go' on with works Hn private streets until the owners have paid their proportion of cost .. ^ ' A married woman named Ellen Hambey, at Malvern-road, Toorak, wan admitted to. the Alfred Hospital on Thuraday, Buffering from the effects of a poisonoan drag, -which die is alleged to have drunk in the coarse bf quarrel with her hosband. Mr. F. G . AndreWB, commission agent, o£ OarliBle^treet, 6L. Kilda, walked into _ Kenney'a baths on Friday erening, ap parently in good health, and was shortly a.terwards carried out a corpse. Heart disease or apoplexy the cause of death. A paralytic man named Nicholas Flan nagan ' presented himself at the Bouth Melbonrnc court aB a vagranton Saturday. He said his wife, who lived at Windsor, had kicked him out. He was told to apply to the Prabran conrt, bnt bas not shown np. The Christian Brothers' School in Westbury-street ' requested to be exempt from rates at the St. Kilda cooncil meeting on Monday, bnt as the council had only the power to exempt primary schools, exclusively free, tbe request was not granted. « Mr. G. C. Inskip informed the St. Kilda amnion hv latter at its last meeting that , mlcss the double pan system was made jompulsory, tbe nnisance now experienced \--y householders by abominable odonrs ?ould never be abated . The question was referred to the public works committee. The Standard bas worked up a pun on the Windsor tradegy. It says Williams on leaving Perth could not find words to ex press his gratitude to the wife of the Perth gaoler. -Wc hardly suppose that there is \ mutual friendship between the two, or that, if there is, it is likely to be cetnentcd. A great deal of time was occupied by the St. Kilda council on Monday, in heariog objections, etc., from property owners in the matter of the construction of private streets, and Cr. O'Donnell moved that in future special meetings of the council be called for the purpose. This, however, was not agreed to. The Oaklcigh Amateur Dramatic Club gave a very creditable performance of '?She Stoops to Conquer '* at the Malvern Shire-hall last night in aid of tho widow and family of the late Mr. W. Briatowe, B. A. The club possesses considerable merit sud the members arc to be congratulated upon their exertions in the cause of charity. A -curious anonymons epistle on the labor question, addressed to the ' mare,' and signed 'The Stoanbreakers,' was read at tbe St. Kilda council meeting on Monday. It complaincd that men ooteidc the district were employed stonebreaking to the detri ment of local men. The surveyor replied that such was not tbe case, and no action was taken. Tbe butchers' union complbincd to the St. Kilda council on Monday that a number of butchers' shops in St. Kilda trade after 10 o'clock on Saturday evenings; and they also requested that a stop be put to the practice of hawking meat about for sale in dirty and exposed vehicles. The matter was referred to the inspector to make inquiries. Wc have received tbe initial number of The Tribune, ' tbe only authorised organ of the licensed liquor trades.' Beyond being a semi re- hash of tbe ghost of ' Bohemia t there is nothing noteworthy about the production. In fact, it is a wonder, seeing tbat the temperance party boasts of two ably-conducted journals, that the liquor party does not possess something more meritorious. I Tbe Mayor of Prahran, in response to a numerously signed requisition, has con vened a meeting of ratepayers in the Prahran Town-ball, to be held to-morrow evening, at 8 o'clock, in order tbat public | opinion may be expressed and ventilated j in regard to the action, of the council in increasing the salaries of the municipal j officers. The requisition was Bigncd by ! about 150 ratepayers. At the Prabran court on Thursday, before j Messrs. Svkes, Bosales, Maddock and Ellis, ' there was a large quantity of business, j There were several excise and licensing and 1 Factory Act prosecutions, and among the minor cases was an action by M. Apthorpe i against C. M. Bennett, to recover possession of a bicycle alleged to be illegally detained. An order for restitution was made, or the value of the article, £16, with costs. A young woman named Agnes Goodison was charged on warrant at the St. Kilda court on Friday with obtaining goods to the value of ISs. ?-1. from William Hankers by false pretences. It appears Hapkers,' finding that Miss Goodison lived at Ebden street, .instead of, Ife^street as she had represented, caused her to be arrested. The magistrates deprecated tbe hasty issue of warrants in this way, and dismissed the case. At the deputation to the . Minister of Public Works on Wednesday relative to -the 3 per cent valuation grievance, Mr. Turner, M.L.A. said unless the government bad accepted tho 3 per cent provision, which was inserted l?y the Legislative Council, the bill would have been lost. Mr. j Deakin, in reply, said ' we wonld have j preferred to loso tbe bill rather tjaan adopt , a provision so inimioal to,the interests of) the municipalities.' 