! .... , . . . i " ' 'AiEtHbDisM.'.'" ;':"i.. 4'4' J _ " Broadbrim " writes tu. the ' Bendigo Adver- jtissr' as follows :— It has been a lively and an .interesting werik with oii'r Aleth'odist. brethren- ith? New York conference meeting in this City, nd the East New York eorifereiice meeting An til A DltV oP Dfnnltllfll. A ' ATalltrwllQ Aitl'tfriwanna js always interesting from tfie fact that it is ,mqile, up of bright,, clear- headed, shap, aggres-. hive men, who know just exactly what to s»y,i and .are, not . afraid to. say it. ; But they are human after all, as was clearly illustrated by the proceedings of tlie Naw York conference on-' Thursdoy.; "Some ' one — nobody "know " just' exactly who — had. b(epq ,writipg a series' of anonymous, letters rRctlig' oil a number of the members of1 the 'conference, wKieli if sub stantiated would disqualify thoru from silting in that body. When the subject ' was broached there a f . disapprybjtipo. and in an jnstant fifty niiniqtejre w?re' op/ their feel, all l(ead. Bishop Fuas had preefded over clamorous crowds .beforehand they miriit just as woll have' tried to rattle tho r oe (t . o f 0 (b ra I fqr. ; Hq s.ob.n restored quiet, and on inquiry as to. the cause of tho row, lb was discovered that one half the mem bers were attacked in the letters and tho othor half were suspected of writing them. The grievanco appeared to bo that several ministers had formed themselves into a close corporation to keep all the good places in the churoh for themselves, while their younger brother, who had no pull, wore compelled to feed upon husks ; or, at least, this was tho allegation, and bno thing seemed to bo sottled by common con- qent at the start, and that was that tho offender, whoever he was, was. a membor. of the confer ence. Of course eyory minister present denied that he was tho man, and while overy fellow felt sure of his own innocence he wasn't quite suro of the innocence of tho other fellows. At laat suspicion settled down to a single member, Dr King. Ho declared himself innucont, and triumphantly vindicated himself amid thunders of applause. One of tho disturbing olomcnts to agitute the conference, which, like the ghost of Bnnquo, will not go down, was the subject of increased lay representation, and of granting laymen increased powor in that body. Tho older ministers are bitterly opposed to granting more power to laymen than they have at present, and the same class has stood like a wall of steel against having womon participate iu (heir couiisoIb. _ The moment you speak to any qf the old ministers about admitting women to the coqfqrqnce ur bqba St, faul commanding women to be etlent in the chnreboe, 