GOOD CHEER! [By jthe Bev. Theodobe L. Coyxee, D.D.] xau caeapeso uning m the world— and the snort useless— is to say to persons who arc in trouble 'Cheer up!'f if you cannot do any thing for them. Itis like saying to a hungry and shivering wretch 'Be ye warmed and filled/' without giving him either food or fire ? what doth it profit? Our Lord, on several occasions, said 'Be of good cheer,' and every time the magic words brought relief to the troubled and courage to the downcast. To the poor paralytic who was borne in before Him on a bed, the words signified both a healing of his sickness and the pardon of ius sins. Anyone can face the smaller evils of life with com posure when Bin, the biggest and blackest evil of all, has been forgiven, and a new hope of eternal life has been bestowed. There was one most memorable occasion on which Jesus brought succor and gladness by simply saying to TT-ia disciples through the night storm on Galilee, 'Be of good oheer. It is I; be not afraid.'' Many of my readers may now be in a sore tempest of trouble. One is suffering perhaps from severe and protracted steknees, £j-e$her is under a heavy gale of commercial disaster ; his canvas is ripping to shreds, and the topsails of bis prosperity have been swept clear from the spars. Another one . who has a brood of fatherless children in the little boat is making a hard pull against a bead sea of poverty. Still another — and a disciple, too — is in a midnight of spiritual despondency, and all the bright stars of the promises seem to be bidden by gloomy clouds. Dhere is many a boatload of disciples of the Master who are toiling at the oars in the teeth of contrary winds. But the eye of that loving Master is on every oneof (His children over all the wide sea of human experience. And the dark hour of a Christian's extremity is the bright hour of Christ's opportunity. At the very nick of time Jesus made His ap pearance to the tempest-tossed disciples on the sea of Galilee; for we read that in the fourth watch of the night He came to them, walking on the foaming waves. We do not wonder that they mistook him for a ghost, and as His form approached through the darkness they cried out ' It is a spirit ! It is a spirit !' Straight way the old familiar voice comes sounding over the waves, 'Be of good cheer; itisL' The sea is like solid ground to his feet, and as He steps into the boat ,the storm ceases in an instant. The overjoyed disciples fall at His feet and gratefully exclaim, ' Truly Thou art the Son of God!' Is He any less than that now, and is He not ju&t; as near to all of us His followers as He was then? My troubled friend, open the eye of your faith, and see if you cannot discern that blessed form through the storm. It is not an appa rition—a mere fiction of a pious fancy, as the scoffers taunt us with. It is the veritable Son of God— our Elder Brother, who has been tried on all points as we are, yet without sin. He comes to you not with the empty stereotyped formula, ' Cheer up,' such as a fellow-creature often utters, with no inclination or ability to help you. He comes with an infinite sympathy backed t-y an infinite powei. His sweet assu rance is, '*'Lo! I am with thee. I have redeemed thee, Thon art Mine. When thou passest through the waters I will be with thee, and they shall not overflow thee.' Brother, sister, listen to that loving and omnipotent voice ! Receive Him into your storm-tossed little boat with open arms. No vessel ever swamped or foun dered yet with Jesus Christ on board. No struggling soul, so struggling pastor, no struggling church or truly Christian enterprise has ever gone down when the Son of God has fairly planted Tfia Divine foot within it. Let the storms come; if Jesus only comes with them and through them He will pilot you safely into port. What worse than folly, what sin it is for a Christian to shut the eyes or stop the ears when Jesus is calling out: ' Be of good cheer. It is L' That stormy night on Gennesareth was a part of the educa tion of the apostles for their great work after wards. Dark hours of trial are a precious por tion of our schooling. Storms are not sent. upon true Christians to drown them or to wreck them, but to test their faith and to bring Christ to them. School-time will soon be over, brethren : let us not shirk one hard lesson, or lose the benefit of one sharp discipline ; and when the winds are howling and the waves are heaving, let us keep eyes and ears open for that glorious JesuB who can make both winds and waves to obey Him. Heaven lies just be hind the clouds. ' Be of good cheer.' 