LITERARY NOTES. We have received a small volume of verse1 entitled Wayside Lyrics, by George New man, printed by T. Hall, GraveBend: Whit- j taker and Co., London. It is dated 1885, and is: described as the third edition. The second edition appears from the preface to have been published 10 years earlier, and to have been dedicated to "England's deservedly popular i poetess, Miss Elbsa Cook," the author's ad miration for whom affords a fair measure of his poetical capacity. So far indeed has this admiration carried him that he actually enters into , direct competition with his mode), and writes some verses on "My Old Arm Chair." Mr. Newman has been fortunate enough to obtain the approval of Mr. Gladstone, who says ' Apart from the -excellent sentiments which , they contain I And, on a first exami nation. pieces of a truly genial and poetic spirit." Coming from the most prominent admirer of Homer in our day, this is high praise, and ought to folly satisfy Mr. New man. The sentiments expressed in Wayside Lyrics are indeed unexceptionable, but the same can hardly be said of the grammar, diction, and versification, of which the fol lowing may b$ taken as a sample " Inscrutable are his designs Who, ever still His will unfolding, In most resplendent glory Shines, While our proud will to His is moulding." Sir. Newman follows at a respectful distance in the footsteps of Eliza Cook. Mr. David Douglas, of Edinburgh, has added to his excellent cheap series of Ameri can authors a posthumous story by Mrs. Helen Jackson, entitled Zeph. It is a tale of life in Colorado, and shows the writer to have possessed a distinct talent for the de lineation of human nature. The story is that of a man of honest, simple-minded, and deeply affectionate nature, who, although his wife is utterly worthless and abandoned, clings to her to the last, until she throws him off, gets a divorce, and marries her para mour, who is even worse than herself. It is a remarkable proof of the writer's skill that Zeph, in spiteof his almost abject fidelity to his faithless wife, never loses the reader's respect and admiration. Equally good is Miss Sophy Burr, the saving and prudent, but warm hearted New England spinster, who, pitying Zeph's forlorn condition, at last comes to love him, and is thus led into a course of plotting, qnite harmless, and indeed praise worthy, of which we should hardly have deemed her capable. Old Grammer Stein, with her strange Missouri dialect, is another capitally drawn character. The story can be strongly recommended as a thoroughly original and unconventional study of human nature. How Dumas wrote is described by Ilans Christian Andersen, who visited the cele brated novelist in 1842. The incident is told in the Century Magazine for March. He saw DumoB in bed, where he did a great deal of his writing:—" It was a splendidly furnished room, but in great disorder. As I entered. Dnmas looked np, nodded kindly to me, and said, 'Sit down a minute; I am just ha vine a visit from a ladyand, seeing my astonish ment,. he burst into a hearty laugh, and added,' It is , my Muse. She will be going directly.' He was sitting up in bed as be said this, writing at lightning speed, in a clear, beautiful hand, and shying each sheet, as he finished it, across the floor in all directions. I could scarcely step for fear of spoiling his manuscript. I waited for ten or fifteen minutes, during which he kept scratching away,.crying out every now and then, ' Viva! Boh, mon gar^on!' ' Ex cellent, Alexandre 1' At lust, with a jerk as of an earthquake, he rolled his huge form out of bed, wrapped the blanket about him toga fashion, ana in this costume advanced toward me declaiming furiously at the top of bis voice. As he. strode along with theatrical gestures I fell back, half alarmed at his vehemence, and when I had reached the door he seized me by the lappels of my coat, shook rae gently, and said, ' Now isn't that magnificent, eh ? Superb; worthy of Racine!' I assented as soon as 1 could catch my breath that it was very magnificent. ' If s my new play,' he said. * I write an act, and often more, before breakfast. This is the third act I have just finished.'" Mh.WvbertRkevs, in-his reminiscences of the stage, published by White and Co. (says the Pall Mall Gazette), tells some stories of Mrs. Barnett, at onetime a well-known pro vincial theatrical manageress. When not acting Mrs. Barnett was playing cards with friends who were always dropping into her little house attached to the theatre at Ryde. The theatre was not waterproof by any means, and on the occasion of a thunderstorm one nf the com nan v ran down to her in srreat excite ment at seeing the umbrellas up, and said, " Mrs. Harnett, the rain's coming in dread fully on the heeds of the audience." " Well, my dear," replied Mrs. Burnett, not looking up from her cards, " I'm glad there's some thing coming in. Trump, my dear; that's my trick," and on she went playing. When Mrs. Barnett retired she took an old but pretty cottage at Hyde. Mr. Reeve and other friendB were at tea with lier one afternoon when all at once there was a crash over head, and a woman's leg in a black stocking came through the ceiling over their heads " It was the charwoman's, who had been set to wash a kind of attic or lumber- room, and, treading on a rotten place, ber con siderable weight was too much for it, and down she came. The astonishment of Mrs. Barnett's guests may lie imagined, but the old lady, with the cup of tea in her hand, looking up, simply said, 'Why, bless my soul, its only Mary's leer" Tl _ . . There is also a good story of Charles Reade. Reade was a great stickler for reality, and on producing a play at the Princess's/the first aot ot which introduced a farmyard scene, he insisted on having a live pig on the stage. The property master raising some objection, Reade lost his temper, and drove to the market and bought one. He brought it hack in triumph to the stage door, when an officious super, seeing who it was, quickly orened the aoor of the cab, a proceeding wnich Reade was unprepared for. Oat jumped the pig, and away it scampered down the street, after it, calling out, " Stop my jrigto t',e amusement and surprise of all the young J ruffianism of the neighbourhood. Ma. Vernon Heath, the famous photo graphic artist, formerly of Piccadilly, in his ReooUectiotw, published by CssBell, tells some interesting anecdotes. He remembers a story told of the Duke of Wellington t—; " Mr. George Jones, R.A., who formerly had been in the army and held the rank of cap tain, had by reason of his dress the appear ance of a military man. Beyond that, in figure, face, and general style, he was cer tainly like the Dnke. ' He wore a deep white cravat, while beneath his waistcoat peeped • J5® °* an nnder one, and, with the addition of a dark blue military coat, be was constantly taken for the Duke.' At last some one told bis Grace this, upon which he said, Really, really, that's odd, 12r J11 ?ever taken for Mr. Jones 1*" Mr. Heath mentions some of the Mala propisms of Mrs. Hudson, wife of the Rail way King. Mr. Hudson had issued cards for an evening party " to meet the Duke of Wel lington. The night arrived, the guests as sembled, and the rooms were crowded, but no Duke, though at a late hour his Grace arrived, when Mrs. Hudson, who was ready to receive him. said, " Oh, Duke, you are so late, and I have been so anxious; for to night, you know, yon are my prima donna!" Desiring to visit the celebrated Bridgewater Gallery, at the residence of Lord Ellesmere, Mrs. Hudson was duly shown the treasures of art here collected. In passing through the corridor, where much beautiful sculpture is exhibited, the visitor was struck by a bust of Marcus Aurelius. Addressing the house beeper, she inquired, "And who may this he ■ . "That is Marcus Aurelius, ma'am." Oh, indeed!" said Mrs. Hudson, " father of the present marquis, I presume!" i " One day," said Mrs. John Stuart Blackie to a Strand, Magazine interviewer, " I went to call on Mrs. Carlyle. It was in the.after noon of a very, very hot day. I was Just say ing good-bye, when, it suddenly occurred to jn© t° ask, referring of course to her husband, May I see the great man ? ■ Mrs. Carlyle took me down some dark kitchen stairs, and there, in a corner, with his trousers drawn up to his knees, sat Carlyle on a chair, with his feet and legs in a great tub of cold water!" Sib Chables Gavan Duffy, in the Co a temporary, reports Carlyle as speaking in this fashion of John Stuart Mill'" At one time we saw a good deal of Mill. In the Reform Bill era he was an innocent young creature, with rich auburn hair and gentle, pathetic expression, beautiful to con template ; but a domestic embroilment drove him to adopt a secluded monastic sort of life, in which people saw little of him but the work he did. His life had been wrecked by a plat j>rJc, and quite innocent, affection for a married iady who had Bince become his wife, concerning whom he had got possessed by an idea, or, indeed, a series of ideas, which were altogether absurd and insup portable. He regarded her as the paragon of womankind, which she was not by long odds; far otherwise than a paragon, one might safely say. She was the daughter of a Radical doctor, who married her to Taylor, a Radical and Socinian, an honest, simple sort of man, who had no doubt that the ideas which prevailed among this class of persons afforded a sufficient solution for all the hard problems of life. W. J. Fox, who had a chapel in Finsbury, where he patronised Peter and Paul as ignorant but well-intentioned persons, and delivered prayers which Bome one described as the most eloquent /prayers that ever were addressed to a British audience! Fox had probably the Taylors among his congrega tion ; at any rate, he came to know that Mrs. Taylor, a vivacious little body, who found her life among the Socinians wearisome, and he told her that John Mill was the man among the human race to relieve in a com petent manner her dubieties and difficulties. He brought Mill to see her; and Mill, who had probably never before looked into a woman's face, was spell-bound. She was a shrewd woman, with a taste for coquetry, and she took possession of Mill and wrapped him up like a cocoon. He UBedto go to her in nil his trouble to be comforted, and in all his difficulties to be guided, and probably to be flattered a little besides. From that time all Mill's enjoyments in life centred in her. Taylor remonstrated with her on the extent to which the intimacy was carried, but she told him he might blow up the house if it seemed good to him, but she could not, under any circumstances, give op this friend ship as she would probably call it There were children to be considered, and he thought he had better endure the thing than make a clamour and a catastrophe." " Mrs. Carlyle, who was present, said Mrs. Mill was not the pink of womankind as her husband conceived, but a peculiarly affected and empty laxly. She was not easy unless she startled you with unexpected sayings. If she was going to utter something kind and affectionate she spoke in a hard, stern voice. If she wanted to be alarming or uncivil she employed the most honeyed and affectionate tones. 'Come down and see us,' she said one day (mimicking her tone), ' you will be charmed with our house, it is so full of rats.' ' Rats !' cried Carlyle; ' do you regard them as an attraction f ' Yes' (piano), ' they are sucli dear innocent creatures.' Mrs. Carlyle at the same time told me the story now suffi ciently known of how the first volume of the French Revolution got burnt. When Mill suddenly appeared at Cheyne-row to an nounce the misfortune, he looked so I like the ghost of Hamlet's father that she knew some catastrophe must have occurred, and exclaimed involuntarily, ' Gracious Pro vidence, he has gone off with Mrs. Taylor !' hut happily the misfortuue proved to be a more remediable one." Tiiere are two curious passages in the will; of the late Earl Lytton (reports the Si.I James's Gazelle.) The one refers to "the calumnies of Rosina, Lady Lytton," and j gives directions for the preservation of the first Lord Lytton's letters, in view of the possible enterprise of the literary resurrection men, from whom the testator fears the worst Considering what the "biographer" and the reminiscencer of this age is like, one cannot say that his fears are unfounded ; though it is a pity to see perpetuated to the third generation the unhappy quarrel in which the wife was on one side, the husband and son on the other. The other significant passage in the will is the direction that the expense of his funeral shall not exceed£5, excluding the cost of the coffin. It is a strange injunction from a man who had the reputation all his life of being rather too fona of luxury and show. The " calumnies originated by Rosiim, Lady Lytton," to which her Bon, Earl Lytton (re cently deceased), refers in his will, consist of some manuscripts of an autobiographic character, called " Nemesis," which Baroness Lytton left by her will to a Miss Louisa Devey. When the Biography of Edward Lord (Boron) Lytton appeared some eight yeaw:f"" Deyey published the Letter» m to hie Wife, with extracts from , autobiography and other documents' . dication o! her ladyship's memory." „ book was undoubtedly-a stabBaronetiS'' Lytton from the gravest the reputation of her brilliant but erratio husband. Many tj£ the letters in it referred to their separation and the cause. Bat the work had not been rnib lished many days before the Earl applied foi an injunction, which he obtained, and the book was suppressed. Roaina, the baroness, was a great beauty. She died rather snddenly on March 12, 1882, in her 80th year.| / Mr. E. W. Hobnung, whose " A. Bride from the Bush" ran in theCornhill Magazine a year or two ago, is about to publish a collec tion of short stories dealing with/life in Eng land and in Australia. The title of the volume will be Under Two Siftes, and it will be published by Messrs. A. ana ti. Black. Mere Luck, by John Strange Winter (George Robertson and Co.", Melbourne), though called a novel on the title-page, might better be described as a novelette, as it is only about the length of the ordinary shilling shocker. The luck" from which the story takes its name is that of a street crossing sweeper,, a boy of twelve, who hns the good fortune to attract the notice of Effie Stauntonj a charming and wealthy heiress. Thip boy, Ted Brown, lives with a. little sister. aged eight, whom lie is nursing through a,fever. The best part of the story is that /relating to this pair of outcasts, whose luck is, indeed, phenomenal. There is besides a young man of limited means named Austin Beaufort, who also has the good luck to gain the affections of Effie, though before finally winning her he has to go through a good deal of tribulation. Not withstanding its improbabilities Mere Lych is a fairly readable story. It is rather sur prising, however, to find that a writer with , such a.reputation as John Strange Winter should repeatedly commit the grammatical blunder of using the word "laid'' for " lay." One of the notable intellectual ten dencies of the day is the desire to read books which, though... they have fallen into oblivion as for as the general public is concerned, made some stir in their time, and have been handed down by name and the appreciation of a few scholars to later ages. Good service, therefore, is done by the republication of such works at prices that render them accessible to all who wiBh to obtain them. The latest series of cheap reprints is that announced by Mr. Walter Scott, the London publisher, who proposes to re-issue iu a series of Is. 6d. volumes works by well-known English writers and translations of the classics and foreign writings. The initial publication of the series is Mary Wollstonecraft's once famous Vindication of the Rights of Women, a book that is known by name to most persons of education, though few, probably, have had the opportunity of reading it. As Regards type, paper, and binding, the volume is everything that can be desired, and a dis criminating prefatory notice is contributed by Mrs. Penned. It is still a reproach to the English system of education that too little attention is given to the study of foreign languages, and as for the large number of readers who have never received any training iu these languages, they have almost no opportunity of becoming acquainted with the thoughts of French and German writers. As a knowledge of other literatures, though it may be derived from translations, is always valuable, we aie glad that we can commend a little volume of German ballads which is published in the well-known Canterbury series by Waiter Scott. The ballads are translated by Eliza beth Cmigmyle, and they are profiled by a brief sketch of German ballad poetry and are accompanied by useful explanatory notes. The translator has endeavoured to preserve throughout the original metres, so that the reader may be able to follow the swine of the verse as it was written by the author. 'Phis method has its drawbacks as well as its advantages; for the translator is apt to lose the vigour of the thought in keeping too closely to the form of expression. The present volume shows this detect occa sionally ; but, on the whole, the book is thoroughly readable andillustrative of German feeling. The selection of the ballads may also be commended. Where a translator undertakes to give selections, not only from the great authors, but -also from the minor poets, it is always easty to point to something that has been omitted. We fancy that in the present instances better selection might have been made from Heine. But as Miss Craigmyle has included many of the best specimens of ballad poetry, her book will be found useful and interesting by all who are disposed to leant somewhat of German literature. The Athenaeum states that Mr. Phillip Mennell has completed the compilation of his Dictionary of A ustraUisian Biography, which is to be published by Messrs. Hutchinson and Co. The biographies number nearly 2,000, and include living Australasians as well as those who nourished after 18B5, and have died in the interval between the in auguration of responsible government in that year and the present day. The whole of the work is now in type, and is being rapidly re vised for publication in the summer. 