under the elms. Br Qw Vive I do not think any of us who "wont through it" will forget Cup Day of 1892as Ion# as we live. By St. Paul f how it did rain while the big event was being decided 1 It simply came down in sheets, and drove so hard that umbrellas were worse than-useless. Those three minutes and a half, while the "milkman's horse." with his back hair in a knot, was putting up his name on the scroll of fame, were a caution. " Can't, wonder nt'his win." whispered a friend of mine as Glenloth "' *—t win,' wiimf^K cantered home at his ease in front of his field, " he's just in his element;" There is doubt he had it all his own way, and no ciouimi "■«- -— — if the journey had been half a mile further the erst while "bag of bones" would just liave "lost them." Those who delight ir coincidences will, I>erhaps>j.ave noted ere coin . .... "wet" horses, Assyrian now that the two ^ . Z\ Glenloth. ore five-year-olds, and earned 7st. 131b. to victory through mud and slush. Stfl after nil, the rain, like the Irishman's eW»8l. •> «!>« Wr. " nnrl broke the monotony of fine CupB. It • w . tad bit ot lack, thongk.for the V.B.C coming just now, as there were signs abroad that this vears meeting would have been up to the average, if not a bit beyond it. After all only 13 000 short in such weather shows what a grip the big race lias on the public. The members' reserve at Flcmington occupies as handy a spot as there is on the course. It is snugly ensconced just to the right of the weighing enclosure. It has a little lawn all to itself, with a broad flight of •.steps leading to a stand, from which an ex cellent view of the races can be obtained. The space beneath this stand is well taken up with a bar, at which there is occasionally both moaning and rejoicing, times when the "bigbottles" are opened, and others when the humble B. and S. are lowered in silence with a fervent hope for" better luck next time." Two or three little alcoves with tables and chain in them are at the right of the bhr, ' and in these the all-sufficient: pork pie and "small bottle" are discussed. A cigar kiosk finishes off the reserve at the right, and the dividing line from the ring is an unpretentious fence (this year moved another six teet further out In order to give increased accommodation), with a shell or counter on I the top whereon the Big. Books rest their arms, and fire off the odds at members. The "well-grown elm trees that dot the reserve hare now reached a stage ifi their career when their verdant arms nearly protect the whole of die little lawn irom lhe sun. Garden seats stand in their shadows, and sitting on one of them one can watch at leisure the moving scene enacted every race day. '■ lu this small enclosure at a great meeting j assemble all sorts and conditions of peopile. Racing men whose names are as familiar as household words in our mouths, kings of the golden fleece, silver monatchs, judges, bar risters, financial luminaries, business men, Soldiers, sailors, cricketers, footballers, with a sprinkling of those cheerful, well- dressed individuals who are too proud to beg, too honest to steal, and so run over head and ears into debt. These are the jolly dogs of tiie world;'*who sing the best songs, tell the best stories, and are always ready to con gratulate a friend on bis suooess or condole with him in the hour of defeat (at the bar). The master of St Albans, Mr. W. R. Wilson, is a prominent figure under the elms.! His luck has beenabitoff this meeting, but he takes it cheerfully, as all good sportsmen do. His trip home has done him good, and he intends to repeat the dose early mthe new year. Beneath that broad bnmnied hat is the bronzed face of Martin Loughhn. Father Time has dropped many wowfl&kes.; on his moustache, hut that stalwart frame is made to "stay." The . ,0.U8 .^!'er trio are, of course, on the spot —Albert the stalwart, Sept the jolly, and Edward the dignified. Meg andPiijgnra are weir winning brackets this time.'. What a cheer.went up when Titan pat the Spriqg ™ican to the credit of Donald Wallace! aid it been , "old Jack" enjoying a day ?ut. greeting couldn't hare been heartier. iL'l ^ey have found oht how to hy giving him An arsenic S ?' 9?°^ JHvis, the Minister his parson's vest, scans the hfcJw v the kiosk. Near Mr- A. Oafiey, the foroier owner SRmteMUtehtcoW',slaye Highborn, and fe S,af Amahcahbethat credit W1^ Pto«^re Wg *feke to his S',*todiwasquiteontheoardsbad the oft ,0I\\. -tovel head oT^^yaiiam $8?:. Day with tiSliAiS henenththe elms on Oaks ? and neithpf ^o^^^ ^^.turf they loved, FhalK^Lfe& hooEsnorwhfrr ot ^dtlayotin iWestudlnwd it), lie down '• !t& U- -V* • ? » rjwuxwtaeMutrelortheWwdngol .-.-vr"« moo. .. j , r. ,,7^ - < ttt hafe:V»n .shiiUta t^n»y, fesy Shaft "^SghSajr and be oertihi ot In bygone, iathe aaafett j» . « aw, ... l AH, thU is-no^imefor had memories,' It is with the living we have to do now and not with those that have passed, and so with a word of sorrow-end regret for poor Jonathan Brown, the V.R.C. ranger, who lies mck unto death in his pretty cottage yonder, by the side of the members' drive, let us take up oar parable once more. Dr. Fits., cheery aa the flowers that bloom , »i— —:— • HvWCIfl VllltV SJ , conr8et here. The emt .I Vci —i —• vwu*o5, uric, a in? enii: nent medicine man has had .a big scoop 'of the pools lately that spoiled the Egyptians a trifle. He meets Mr. John Robertson, whom he has been carving and gilding recently, I with a cheery "Getting all right now, old fellow ?' _ Mr. Charles, Hart; of South Aus tralia, ..is .over, and from information received put his friend Mr. Paxton, the "genial giant," on to a good thing, whereby he raked in the shekels to the tune of five ponies. Archie Yuille, growing more like his father every year, tells me that the old man is at home having a set to on his oWn account with his ancient enemy the gout. " He hksnot," says his son, "been to Rem ington for five years." Captain Willoughby, who deafly loves a bit of sport, is popping it ou " over the counter," and (it his elbow Lord Northesk aud - Mr, Ralston, liis chum, in burnished, hats that reflect the waving branches ' of the elms, are taking sweet counsel together over a mild plunge. Mr. Molesworth Greene is back from his Queens land visit, and forms one of a group, the other members being Mr. Panton, solemn and serious; Judge Molesworth, not solemn and serious, with no thoughts today of that detii'd farthing in the pound ; Jack Wagner, and Coldham-the barrister, the Q.C.'a second. Mr. A. W. Kobertson, looking very well, joins the party, and he and his partner grip heartily. The veteran actor, II. 11. Har woocT, mid James Cassius Williamson have succeeded in discovering the spot where the lire-water is, and—the rest is Usher. Mr. George Chirnside is conspicuous by reason of his antique overooat, which ia built on the lines of those worn in the old English coach ing days. Mr. Marwick, the representative from home of the English depositors in the British and Australian Mortgage Bank, ventures into a mild sweep, and wins the first in his life. Damon and Pythias, Messrs. Agar Wynne and Blundell are, as usual, inseparable, the former supplying the bright the cynicism and the latter the fcright smile that haunts me still. The new legal firm of. Herald and Roberts is enjoying itself to-day without" Bloodshed," while our bietjigal hero -of Plevna and the son of the last Speaker but two, foregather by the cig&r; kiosk. Mr. William Pear hard _ Sbn is aboqt, Tiale and hearty for hia years. His black and white sash and cap were car ried in the Derby by a son of his famous old horse Commotion, happily named Wolf. He started- horses in nine races, and never won either a stake or a wager. Two-thirds of the firm of Gillott, Croker, and Snowdeii arc under the elms, the absent third, his Worship the Mayor, perhaps stay ing at borne in order to get into form for the big job be has undertaken. Adelaide sends us Mr. Barr Smith, a name |.to". cionj.qre y.ith in- the wheat colony, Mr. | C. €. Kingston, leading politician and Q.C., in a brigand's felt nat, and Mr. Tom Barntield, the mining monarch, whose throne is . in the ~ same city. Captain 'White, equally ..ready to fire a .'torpedo of a ' joke,' aits' by Mr. John Gavan Duffy, who lias lunched well and is ready to forgive his enemies. Supreme Court judges are a strong order. .Wil liams J., Holroyd J., A'Beckett J., re mind _ sinners (yet undiscovered) of pos sibilities, if they ever face the mtraic. . Mr. Andrew Rowan, cheery and breeisy, is down with one of his boys, a fine upstanding lad, whom he holds by the hand. Upon the coun tenance of A. R. the sun never sets. Ope well-known face is missed—W. T., or, sake is better .known, " Billy Jones." He was to leave England the day after the Cup, but those who know his erratic ways will only believe he is coming when he is here. He was near it again this year, and mayhap, if the day had been fine. Penance would have been a bit closer at the finish. -Lord Jersey, accompanied by his son, Lord I Vjlliers, a tall-young fellow, almost head and shoulders above his father, and bearing a strong resemblance to his mother, has for companion the Adelaide Governor, a fine specimen of a man, with a rich rolling voice that is pleasant tolisten to. Our own Governor never misses an opportunity of a popping in on us under the elms, and with that keen eye of his takes quiet stock while he yarns to Mr. Catto. I've an idea that Lord and Lady Hopetoun are just about as popular aa any Governor and his wife we have ever had, and that's saying a good deal. His Excellency started from the jump, but her ladyship was a little .timid at first (which people put down to katUeiir, the greatest mistake in the world); but now she has got to know and understand us, all that has disappeared, and it is a close, race between herself and husband which is the better liked. Miss Willonghby, Captain Willoughby's sister, as genial, ana unaffected a woman as you oonid find in a day's march, takes a peep at Hie fringe of bookmakers as she passes on her way. to the bird-cage, with the Hon. St. John Brodrick as guide, and Lady Hilda Brodrick (a daughter of Lord Midleton) by her eide. Alf Joseph kindly offers them a "pony on' the field ' bnt they laugh and pass on. For once Mr. Byron Moore fires of a big " D " at Jhe weather, which he prefixes to "bad lack," and sighs for five minutes with Kllery in one of Saturn's ring* (Marquisof Qneenaberry's rules) and the big telescope with a night "off,' bo that nothing Could be seen of the set-to. " ' T. ' The medical profession is to the fore when there is sport about Dr. Headley, with a wonderful rose button-hole, is enjoying his cigar as if tobacco was positively harmless. Dr. Snowball, who bates a crush, has .at last k^tun appointment somewhere ih the mountains, where there was no rain till even ing. Dr. Annand, who loves a longdpuble. and had athinible on the two P a—Paris and Portsea—is in the reserve. When be got his first "leg in" his friends were exceeding glad, for they sniffed-afar-off the dinner he always giveawhen he pnlls off-a double, as he did in Bravo's year/ Dr. Heriky JUiy— " Walea" to hisYorick intimtes-apotaAzim aa a good thing for the Iterby, and puts his frienosoa. But the good thing didn't come off, and hjs friends are determined to lay tiolerRMnds on him even if thw bave_to tearhimfrom hia glganbo gig. rvlher.fol lowers of the blue and black (blue pill and black draught) are Dr. Spri^borpe, Dr. Williams, Dr. J. P. Ryan, and Dr. Bird. Dr. TjJftr vhn is usually laid on to something good for the hurdle and steeple, is never Xbfont from a Slethlngtan meeting; and Dr. Feafheretonliaugh would tbinkit wicked to atsy away even were the rain descending 111 sheets, thoughhesays heonly weut oownon Steeplechase day to; mittep of their not -pSfooWnit ^bf grwnme mitll the weMh^ cT^redy _ L. Is somewhere .about, as_ njs^. ftpeecn betrayethbim. Jj^Murroy, M4* A». J2f * oouple of country friwi& intow, fjndlsatow* ing thein tbp sghtju timea for the ioSs of thetotalwator.;?.■ Behind thai long moustache Tommy Corrigan is accreted, andauother Tom—Lempriere, to wit —stilt - strokes a flowing beard that > any Druid might, well envy. The- inventor of the " Yellow. Hammer > Stakes " is beaming through his glasses at the bold bad man, Mr. J. R. Cowell, who " gave him away " at the V.R.G. annual meeting. .The head of the; triumvirate known to the world as " J. B. Clark" has the appearance of a shrewd bank manager. J. 11. and Co. should have a word to say in nextyear's Cup with the line team they possess. Mr. C. M. Lloyd was only down the first days Of the meeting, and consequently Litigant ran unbacked in the Veteran Stakes. Two Adelaide men are sheltering upder the same uinbrella—Mr. Alfred Sims, the well-known brewer, and Mr. T. F.. Wigley, solicitor. Nr. Gillies has tlie big Adelaide man—Mr. C. C. King ston—»8 companion, and they are talk ing Broken Hill. Mr. Andrew Tennant, also of tlie grain city, is enlbying his holiday with us, and 'looks as wrsl and as hearty us ever, but we .miss, the portly, figure of W.: B. Kounsevell, whose Ministerial duties, „ no doubt,' hold him in thrall. Two other well known Adelaide men who will be called oh " to show cause why they were hot present1' are missed, namely, Mr. W. Wackier, of Folham-park establishment, and Mr. J. H. Aldridge, of Richmond. I also notice a regu lar Hobart visitor, the gentleman w-ho modestly disguises his racing practices under the name of " Mr. S. M.' Wilson." He tells me as we are talking over past times that.he once took first, second, and third money with one ltorse, for all the lield but that one came to grief over the jumps. I don't like to ask him, but I wonder is it superstition -or out of deference to prejudices they huvfe in Tas mania against" racing (though that can't be the reason) that he enters his Denmarks and suchlike great hordes in a lady's name. Charlie, if he irill allow me to call him so, is a welcome visitor, and lam glad that on one of the dqys of the meeting'he got his saturnine friend, Mr. L. Goldsmith, to go down to Flemington and lunch with the Yorick boys. Mr. C. S.-Agne\v I see present, —appropriate visitor, for did lie not own Assyrian, the hero of the wet Cup of ten years ago! Another timely visitor is Mr. George Lee, from Mew South Wales, who missed seeing Ktra-Weenie win last spring, but sees her winning this, and I hope on the present occasion had some money on the successful Mr. William Forrester, who came very near it with Ronda in the Cup, is with us tinder the elms, while' in the birdcage one meets Billy Yeomans, looking after Frantic and Pro-Consul; Tom Pajten," E. Keys, Tom Brown, ■ doe Cook, J. Monaghan, T. Lamond, land J. Phillips. John Crazier is lamenting to "Terhnga" the break down of Vakeel arid Hortensius, with whom he expected to play a big hand. Other Adelaide men are S. R. Wilson, brother Of. the St. Albans breeder, ami E. W. Ellis, who won the Adelaide Cup when it was rdn at Flemington, with Lord AViltou." Dan Wilkie and Charlie Forrester represent the noble game. It is a long time since Dansent. down any of those curly ones which earned' for him the soubriquet of " Oliver Twist,";Hnd perhaps he forgets now 'the lime .(during-the deadlock) when, with MarcnB Clarke land other choice spirits, he assisted to King Hie pawnbroker's sign over th'e. Treasury,. That nneofd sportsman Mr. John Pile is 'another Adelaide m«m— as good as they mtike "eru—with his luck' in on a wet day. He not only''owns. Confidence. but inspires it in Itis friends, who pop it on to the old grey to some tane. Mr. Frank Madden is a noticeable figure jn his ample white over coat, He still Seems brooding over those revised rules (spt* under the committee hen two years ago and not hatched yet) whereby racing is' to be . purged for ever. We ate still waiting.for that time, when these long looked-for rules will be produced with a flourish, and the revisers will sing— 1 No more 'airing,* 'etu fling' 's done— Straight-going only takes the bun. No more Stewards standing in; No more owner* *tn the swim.' ' Hoping *a' tied «p in a knot; Even 'palibig V gone to pot By thess rata, without a row. You cannot wren 'milk' a cow. Straight as anow fmu a bow JEvwy hone (a bound to go. Noams 'Mister Armstrong, J.,' No more to-rwUoom-de-ay." Colonel Pernio, Mho seems to have been bnilt by nature for a British officer, is having a long confab with Mr. John Catto, which ends in the Colonel making a trilling investment on a nag that didn't quite get home. Arthur Manton and his old friend Dr. John Fulton ore together under the, elms. The doctor Is still of portly presence, and is a fine specimen of a well-dressed man, a model for slovenly ones to copy. Messrs. Percy and Andrew Chirnside are of the new school, good, men, with their luck out for once. - Mr. P.'Monaghan, the Tasmanian handicapper, and Mr. J, A. Scarr, who does ditto tor rSydnen are chatting to friends at the kloSk reafrairB in' the tight little island. Jack Pisken dock riot trouble us much be neath the trees, to their is metal more attrac tive ^on . the front of the club box. The Garrison Meto send us many represen tatives, OOloneL Dean Pitt, Colonel Fries,- Mr. Hemm Armytage, Mr. Eales, Mr. Howard Smith, Mr. Astrop, and Mr. Francis Hobsonj all equally at home spoil ing the wily Egyptian or entertaining much beauty andwbombor two at afternoon tea in their cosy club IfajCollins-plase. Tbe mayor of Brighton, M$lM. J. S. r ' ' — ...... Gair, is enjoying a I rest after ihehard work of foundation-stone laying on Derhy Day, ■ Mr, James Purves has to mount apmot-nei now to look at hiscard, I which gives hi ik quite a fatherly appearance. Me has oeosad to dabble in literature himself, I buthaa a Word Of Sympathy tor poor Alec Britton, who < Just dead, almost with harness on fiMbtck. Mat Byrne toes the soratoh aKalnj^tth^utte a stone tothe good, and William Sdper, the owner of Wild is once-) uqie amongst the crowd.' Mr. H. M. ;Chomley leaves the lawn for the wtorve to enjoy a quiet tdpe 'iirid toiibto -what's going on. Mr. Mars BOokpto'is with his stalwart son, Gerald, the responsibility on liis shoulders bfdtooHng a big coach-load safely back to tOWttis Captain Pelham, spick and spam dearly iqvea a holiday at Flemington, and knows how to make the most of it Mr. W. Dai-gin* keen on a pedigree, foregathers I with us, arid on the Beats, back to back, are the well-kriownforms ofBowes Kelly, J. B. Gill, GeOigeVipwIes, and James Paterson. Mr. Alec Landflde, bluff and cheery, is down for the aices, and looks the picture of health after-Ids spell on the station. More lawyers ourview—Mr. J. C. Stewart, "r. N. J. Casey, and. Mr. .. enjoying a quiet tveed tbe kiosk. Messrs. F. W. ltd (neighboars on the shaving a quiet chat on A Well kho^ is that of P. P. Labfet „ to' have mat' back the jjfis freed from ^railway Hepburn, to Jolly ever, has a joke or two left to cheer any friend in the dumps. But lie missed the first < two days of the meeting,, which is veiy un usual for him and dismal for 'Jim Byrne, who never enjoys a race-meeting luncheon unless Tom is by his side. Mr. \V. Davidson, our inspector general of public works, who always rode a thoroughbred when he went out to inspect the Yan Yean, seldom talks about water now, but racing lias a perennial interest for him, and I would just like to know who laid him on to Cooya and like good things. Tom Haydon, the well- known secretary of the Victorian Club, has gone a bit on one leg, but he is pulling through,- and a ' few days'' rest should see him all tight again, Major Churchward and Mr. Alison from ,New South Wales are exchanging greetings with all old friends, and hoping to sec them in Sydney next year. Burly William Long is an imposing figure in the reserve, and it is a moot point, as he and Robert Walsh, the Crown prosecutor, stand side by side, which shuts out most daylight. Little Kdniund Westby, once more down from Pullitop for the meet, has a good cigarette and a new story or .two for your Cor under the elms. That son of Anak, Dr. Tom Cray, forms one of a quartet of medical men, the other three being Dr. Roth well iAdam, Dr. Finch Noyes,nndDr. P. Moloney. One of our great financial corner-stones, Mr. E. M. Young, who seems to be always going home and coming back, Bering Derby in England and Cup in Melbourne, does not disdain, a holiday at Flemington: neither. doe3 v that short, strong figure with tlie' keen eyes anil grey beard, .who. is none other than Mr. William Simp son,i the Well-known accountant, who 'domes 'to--the races to meditate on liquidations;'* The two slim, sharp-set men are Detectives Considine and Cawsey; their business to-day is to keep "two upon ten," for even in the ring the wily pickpocket is at work, and not only takes the odds, but anything else he can con veniently lay his hands on. More lawyers come along—David Braliam, scanning his card eagerly as if it were a case full of "the nice sharp quillets of the law." Mr. R. M. Turner, owner of Insomnia, Mr, George Woodforde, Mr. R. G. Talbot, and Mr. A. M'Crp.ckcn. personalities in the sporting world, hob-nob in the shadows of the trees, near to where stands Mr. Irving Winter, J. B. Gill, the Cunmiing brothers, Tom Learm.onth,- P. J. -O'Bonnell, and George Vowles. Henry-Ricketson, an old time squatter, is enjoying a small bottle in one of. the alcoves beneath the stand, at peace with the world. Young Jack Wagner, fresh from "the defence" at theDeniliquin trials, seems to have settled clown to the real hard work of his profession. Jle is only making short holiday, however, this time. He makes a mistake, however, about the capabilities of Paris, and his father tells him so, and he is justified by the running. Mat. O'Shatmssy (whose harp will once more be heard in Tara's halls) is talking to William Sal way, back after his flying trip to Europe, bringing with him a thousand photo graphs of ail the newest architecture lie came across in his travels. Mr. Rupert Clarke is down from Thule tor the season, and expects the Cliveden people to be home again in a fortnight. Hnrrie and Sydney Smith are, of course, on the spot, and Captain Hamilton Russell has strayed from the terrace for a yam. The Bftllamt "Triumphant" (as Jem Allison was wont to dub a triumvirate)—Stephen llol gate, Bob Orr, and William Bailey—areas much part and parcel of our race meeting as this Horses themselves, and Flemington with out them would be like "linmlet" with the King,the Ghost,and the Prince left at the post Mr. Frederick Call is still easily recognised by his weepers (as much a part of him as the golden beard of George Jenkins, tlte clerk of the Legislative Council), which Mr. Robert Brough so successfully reproduced in his make-upas the Magistrate. Charley Taylor (what a grand bandit he would make in appropriate costume) takes it very easy by the side of Mr. Knox (of Broken-hill fame), who, after the Deniiiquin trial, predicts the collapse of the strike. T. K. Rennet seldom misses a meeting, and he is all there to-day with a good yarn or two anent the sport. But the last race has been run, and it is time to be moving. Tire kiosk is dropping its sh utters, and the big clock at .the back of the judge's box is being carefully closed in. The bookmakers have shut their bags with a snap, and are rejoicing at the bar, for they have had a rosy time. Their big cigars ana diamonds are in full blaze, and the beaded bubble is winking to them at the brim. The large army of backers streams mournfully for the train with heavy hearts and light pockets. Jockeys- come out of the room with their bags and bundles, and trainers with strings of clothed horses disappear at the back of the flat along the Saltwater River. As we come np the lawn the empti ness of the great stand strikes us. Boys axe singing, and collecting , coppers at the xail way jiates, and doing good business. A | crowded train steams out grid another backs in, in which we find amidp room, and in a ] tew minutes are back at Spencer- street. 