THE TRAVELLER. TRAVELS IN JAPAN. By Lafoadio Hears. No. VII. A PILGRIMAGE TO ENOSHIMA.— THE 80UL OF THE EAST. You do not seo the Dai-Butsu as you enter the grounds of his long vanished templo and proceed along a paved path across stretches of lawn ; great trees hide him. But very suddenly, at . a turn, he ' eomea into full view— and you start. No. roattox how many photographs of the coIossub yon may, have already seen, this first vision of the reality is an astonishment. Then you imagine that you aro already too near, though the image is at least 100 yards away. As for mo, I retire at once 30 or 40 yards back to get a better view, and tbo jiurlkishaman runB after me, laughing and gesticulating; thinking that I imagine tho imago alive and am afraid of it. . Bet even were that shape alive, nono oould be afraid of it. Tho gentleness, the dreamy pnssionlessness of those features,' the immense repose of tbo whole figure, aro full of beauty and oharm. And the nearer you approaoh the giant Buddha the greater tbiB oharm becomes. You look up into tiro solomnly beautiful faec, into the half closed eyes that seem to watob yon through tholr eyelids of bronze as gentle as any musunc, and you feel that image typifies all that is tender and oalm in the. soul of the East. Yet you feel also that only Japanese thought could have ereated it. Its beauty, its dignity, its porfcot repose, refleot the higher lifo of tho raco that imagined it, and though doubtloss in spired by some Indian model, as the treatment of the hair and -the various symbolia marks reveal, the figure is JapanoBo, and tbo costume— tho wido eleeved, Bpacious, loose flowing . robe, open at tho bosom — differs little from tbo ceremonial cos tume of tho land to-day. So mighty and beautiful the work is that you will not, porhnps, havo even noticed the magnificent lotos plants of bronzo, fully 15 feet high, planted beforo the figuro, on cither side of tbo tripod, in whioh incense rods are burning. Through an orifico on the right side of tho enormouB lotos blossom on which tho Buddha is seated you can enter into the statuo. Tbo inte rior contains a little shrine of Kwannon, and a statuo of the priest Yuten, and a stone tablet bearing in Chinese oharaoters the snored for mula: "Namu Amidn Buddha." A ladder enables the pilgrim to ascend into tho intorior of the colossus as high as tho shoulders, in wbioh are two little windows commanding a wiuo prospect or the grounds, wlulo a priest, who aots as guide, states tho age of the statuo to be 630 years, and asks for some small contri bution to aid in the erection of al new' temple to shelter it from tho weathei. For this Buddha once had a temple. A tidal wave following an earthquake Bwept wails and roof away, but loft tho mighty Shaka unmoved, still meditating upon bis lotos. And wo arrive before the shrine of Kwannon, high plaaed above the foliage shadowed road. Kwannon, Maiden Goddess of tbo most oastern East ; Kwannon, swceteBt divinity oroated by human faith and love ; Kwannon, who yielded up her right to the eternal peace that she might save the souls of men, and renounced Nirvana to suffer with humanity for other myriad million agos ; Kwannon, purest Goddess of Pity and of Mercy. I climb throe flights of steps leading to the templo ; and a young girl, seated at the thresh old, rises to greet the visitor with a delicious smile and a beautiful bow. Then sho disappears within tho temple, tosummon the guardian priest, a venornblo man, white robed, who makes me a sign to enter. , Tbo temple is large as any I have yot Been at Kamnkura, and, like tho others, grey with tho waarlog of 600 years. From the roof there hang down votivo offerings, inscriptions and lanterns in multitude, displaying numberless pleasing colors in the light of the open doors. AtmoBt opposite to the entrance is a singular statue, a seated figure, of human dimensions and most human aspect, looking upon us with small weird eyeB set in a wondrously wrinkled face. This face was originally painted flesh tint, and the robee of the image pale blue, butnowthcwholeis uniformly grey with oge and dust, aud its eolor- lessncss harmonises so well with the sonility of the figure that one is almost roady to believe anesolf gazing at a living mendicant pilgrim. It is Zonzurn— the samo personage whose image at Asakussl has been made featureless by the wearing touch of countless pilgrim . fingers. To left and. right of tho entrance are the Ni-O, enormously musoled, furious of aspect; their crimson bodies are speokled with a white eonm of paper pellets spat at them by wor shippers. Above the alter is a Bmali, but vory pleasing, image of Kwannon, with her entiro figure relieved against an oblong halo of gold, imitating the fliokering of flame. But this is uot the image for which the temple is famed. There is a rnarvellouB one, only to ' bo ' seen upon cer tain conditions. The old ' priest presonts mc with a petition written in excellent and eloquent English, praying visitors to contribute something to tho maintenance of the temple and its pontiff, ' and appealing to thoso of another faith to remember that any belief whioh can make men kindly and good is worthy of respect. Only too gladly do I contrlbuta ray mite ; and I ask to eeo the great Kwannon. Then the'old priest lights a lantern, and leads the way through a low doorway on tho left of tho temple, into some very lofty darkness. I follow him cautiously awhile, discerning nothing whatever but tho flioker of his lantern ; then wo halt before something which gleams. A moment, and niy. eyes, becoming more ha bituated to the darkness, begin to distinguish outlines, the gleaming object definos itself gradually as a foot, an enormous golden foot, evidently a ' woman's from the beauty of ita colossal curves, and I perceive tho hem of a golden robe undu lating over tho instop. Now tho other foot appears ; the figuro is ocr- tainiy standing. I can also perceivo that we are lu a very narrow, thougli lofty oliamber, and that out of soma mysterious blackness overhead ropes aro hanging down into theeiroleof lantern light, illuminating tho giant feet. The priest lights two more lanterns and suspends them upon hooks attached to a pair of pendant ropes about a yard apart; then ho pulls up both together slowly. Moro of tho golden robe is re vealed as tho lanterns ascend, swinging on their way. Then the outlines of two mighty knees, thon tho ourving of thighs, superb, columnar, undor grandly ohiselled drapery. Ind wRli thin ntrnncrolv nraoreRsive illumina- tion there eomea to me a eenao of unanticipated beauty of feminine charm— a oharm of grace, colossal graoo, Titanio magnificence. And, as with tho still wavering ascent of the lanterns, the goldon vision towers over higher through tho gloom, expectation intensifies into breathlosracBS. There !b no sound bat tho sound of the invisible pulleys far ovorhoad, whioh squeak like bats. Now nbovo the golden girdle shout tho waist of tho goddesB, the suggestion of a beautiful bosom richly draped apponrs ; now the glowing of a golden hand, with taper fingers uplifted as in benediction ; now another oomoly hand, holding a lotos blossom, And now suddenly a faoe, golden, seraphio, soft-smiling with the sweetness of eternal youth, of immortal beauty, of infinite tenderness — the faoe of Kwan-non- Sama. And the pulahritude, the speaking lovelines of tho work thus mysteriously revealed out of tho holy darkness— out of tho consecrated Bilenoo— thrills ma with a reverential emotion that I oannot explain. It is only that I am mastered by the soul power of a forgotten art ! Bnt tho lanterns, whioh have boon banging at the level of tho beautiful face, now ascend higher, with a fresh squeaking of pulleys ; and Io, the tiara of tho goddesa defiues into strangest symbolism. "What at first, more dimly irradiated, seemed only an elaborato coiffure, now resolves itself into a pyramid of heads, of faces — oharming faces of maidens- miniature faces of Kwannon herself. For this is Kweanon-of-the-EIeven-Facca— Jul- iobi-men-Kwnnnen. And with n sudden delicious surprise of sweet ness, such as when through the eyes of a girl one feels for ono instant of revelation tho Bpiendor of infinite goodness shine upon him, there comes to mo the full sense of Kwannon's divinity, human, real, unspeakably beautiful and tender. Divine she Is, as maidenhood is divine, aa motherhood and sisterhood are divine, as sympathy and sweetness are divine, as beauty and love s " illusion are' divine, though, ever in a strangely exquisite and Oriontal way, with tho divinity of goodness aB incarnated in tho woman ot Japan. Sho is far nearer to God in this Orient than is man— who still affects to dospise In his ignor ance of her worth. Yet ho has cultivated her sympathy, her graces, her unselfishness, her daintiness, to a degree inexpressible and incom parable ; and the hopo of the race is in her. That woman is what man lias power to mako her is a faot of no moro significance than that Gad is juBt what man makes him. Humanity can have no. divinities save those of its own creating; and the created finds power to roshape the creator. In the most Eastern East, as in the West, woman is making for man a souh Tho love and the suffering, the sacrifices and the joys of innumerable motliors, have in ail lands developed whatsoever is heroio, loving, generouB, noble in the man— nil that which makes our sense of right and wrong— all that it born in us of goodness ns an instinct. And the future of tho JapaneBo raoo depends upon its womanhood ; end none may doubt . the high destiny of that race who has learned to know how beautiful is the femininity which it has made. Moat snored this statue is held, and this is ita legend. In the reign of the Emperor Gensei, there lived in tho provinee of Yamato a Buddhist priest,' Tokudo Shonin, who had been, in a previous birth, Koki Bosatsu, but had beon re- horn among oommon men to save their souls. Now at that time in a valley in Yamato, Shonin, walking by night, saw a wonderful radiance, and going towards it found that it came from the trunk of a great fallen tree — a Kusi-noki, or camphor tree. . A delicious perfume came from tho tree, and the shining of it was liko the shining of the moon. And by these signs Shonin knew ' that the wood was holy, and he bethought him that ho should have the statue . of Kwannon carven ' from it. And ho rcoited the sutra, and repeatod' the Neubulsu, praying for inspiration ; and even while ho prayed there came and stood beforo him an aged man and an aged woman, and theBe said to bim : " We know that your desire is to have the imago of Kwan- non-Sama carved from this tree with tho help of heaven; continue, therefore, to pray, and wn shall carve the statue." Aud Shonin did as thoy bade him, and ha saw them' easily . split tho vast trunk into two equal parts and begin to carve eaoh of the parts into a mighty image. And ho saw thom aO labor for three days, and on the third day the work was done, and ho saw the two marvellous statues of Kwannon made perfect before him. And ho said to the etrangars who had. wrought this wondrous work : "Tell mo, I pray you, by what nemos you are known." Then tbo old man answered I am Kasuga Myojin." And the woman answerad : " I am called Ten-sho-ko- . . .. dai-jin ; I am tho goddess of the sun. " Aa they spoke both ' became . transfigurod marvellously and ascended to heaven, and vanished from the sight of Shonin. And the omperor, hearing of these happening, sent his ambassador to Yamato to make offerings and to 'have' a temple built. Also the great priest, Giogi Bossisu, came and consecrated tho images, end dodicated the templo whioh by order of the'emporor was buiit. And ono of the statues ho placed in the templo, onshrining it . and oommanding it : — " Stay thou here always to savo all living oreatnres." But the other statue ho cast into tho sea, saying to it : — "Go thou whithersoever it is beBt, to save all tha living." Now this statuo therewith floated to Kama- , kura. And thoro, arriving by night; it shed a great radiance all about it as if there . were sun shine upon tho sea ; and the fishormon of Kama- ' kura were awakened by the great light, and . they went out in boats end found tho statue floating and brought it to shore. And the em- ! peror ordered that a templo should be built for it— tho temple called Shin-haseidcra— on tho mountain called Kaiko San, at Kamnkura. As wo leave the temple of Kwannon behind us there are no more dwellings visible along the ' road the green slopes to left and right become loftier and stebner. and the shadows of the great trees deepen over us. But still, at inter vals, some flight of venerable mossy steps, a comely Buddhist gateway, or fantastio tori, signal the presence of somo sanctuary wo have no time to visit ; countless crumbling shrineB era all around us, dumb witnesses to the antique Bpiendor and vastness of tho dead capital, and overywhero mingled with per- fumo of blossoms and clnyoy odors of decay, hovers tho swoct resinous smell of' Japanese incense. Betimes wa pass a scattered host of soulpturod stones, liko seg ments of four sided pillars, old hakai, tho forgotton tombs of a long abandoned oometery, or the solitary imago of some Buddhist deity— a dreaming Amida or faintly smiling Kwannon. All aro ancient, timo discolored, mutilated— a fow havo been weatherworn into unreeog- nisability. I halt a moment to con template something pathetic — a group of six images of tho oharming divinity who cares for tho ghosts of littlo ohildren — tho Roku-Jizo. Oh ! how chipped and eourfed and mossed they are 1 Five stand buried almost up' ' to their shoulders in a heaping of littlo atones, testifying to the prayers of generations; and votive yodarekake infant bibs of divers colors have beon put . about the necks of them for the love of children lost. These bibs for" the ' " little child souls are new enough. Jiioie still ' " Worshipped, for lovo and the secret of death can never become indifferent to human hearts. But olio of the gentle god's images lies shattered and overthrown in its own scattered pebble pile, broken perhaps by somo passing waggon. Then wo pursuo our journey. The wood slopes before us as we go, sinks down botween cliffs steep as the wells of n canon, and curves always as we advance. Suddenly wo emerge from the cliffs and reach tho sea. It is bluo like the unclouded sky— a tender, dreamy, exquisite blue. And our path turns sharply to tho right, and winds along cliff summits overlooking a broad beach of dun colored sand ; and tho sea wind .blows deliciously with a Biveet saline scent, tempting the lungs to fill themsolvos to tho very utmost ; and far away beforo mo I perceive a beautiful high greeu mass, an island, foliago covered, rising out of tho water about a quarter ofa milo from tho mainland Enoshima, the holy island, sacred to tho goddess of tho sea, tho goddess of beauty, the goddcBS of love. I can already distinguish its tiny town, grey sprink ling its steep slopo. Evidently it can be reached to-day on foot, for the tide is out, nnd has left bare a long broad reach of send, ex tending to it from tho opposite village which we are approaching, like n oausoway. Such proves to ho the case ; for at Atase, the little settlement facing the island, we must leave our jinrikishas, and walk ; the dunes between the villago and the beaoli are too deep to pull tho vehicle over. Scores of other jinrikishas are waiting here in the little narrow street for pilgrims who have preceded me. But to- day, I am told, I am tho only European who visits tho shrino of Bcntcn. Our two men lead over the dunes ; and we descend upon wet, smooth, firm sand, and begin to uppronch tho island. As we near the island, tho architectural details of tho little town define delightfully, through tho faint sen haze, curved blueish sweeps of fantastic roofs, angles of airy balconies, high peaked, curious gables, nil above a fluttering of quoerly shaped banners, covered with mysterious lettering. We pass tho sand flats and tho ever open splendid portal of the Sea City — the city of tho Dragon Goddess — is before us, a giant torii. All of bronze it is, with sliimcnawa of bronze nhovo it, and a brazen tablet inscribed with characters declaring — " This is tho palaoo of the Goddess of Enoshima," the Goddess Benten. Aboat tho bases of the ponderous pillars circles an eddy ing of strange designs in rolievo— an eddying of waves with tortoises struggling in tho flow. This is really tile gate of tho city, but it is the third torii of the imposing series feeing the shrine of Beaten by the land approach through ICatase. We did not see the others, having eome by way of the coast. And lo ! we aro in Enoshima. High before us slopes tho single street— a street of immensely broad stops— a street shadowy, oddly beautiful with quivoring of 'multi-colored flags and dark bluo drapery dashed with white fantasticalities, wbioh are signs, fluttered by the sea wind. It is lined with taverns nnd booths, the daintiest miniature shops. Down an interior staircase descending to tho . first story of nn open tea house on the right, I catch a glimpse of exquisite bare feet ooming as I pass — the feot of a youug girl— and hear a sound of Icoto ploying above; and "Chn" smiles and answers my look of inquiry by uttering tlio single word geisha. Then tho booths fas cinate mo. Atovery one I must pauso to look, and to daro to look at anything in Japan is to want to buy it. So I buy, nnd buy nnd buy. Oh ! If I could only contrive by any help of 1 nny sorcery to becomo, just for one dclioious hour, rich. For verily 'tis the city of mother of poarl, this Enoshima. In every shop, behind tho marvellously lottorcd draperies there are miracles of siioll work for sale at absurdly small prices. Tho glazed oases laid flat upon the inntted platforms, tho shelved cabinets sot egainBt the pretty walls, are all opalosocnt with marvellous things— extraordinary surprises, incrediblo iugenuitios, strings of mother of pearl fish, strings of mother of pearl birds, and shimmering with phantom rainbow colors. There are little kittens of mother of pearl, and little foxes of mother of poarl, and little puppies of molher of pearl, and girls' hair combs, and cigarette holders and pipes too beautiful to use. There are little tortoises, not larger than a shilling, made of n shell, that, when you touch them, however, lightly, begin to move, head, legs and tail, all at the same time, alternately withdrawing or protruding their limbs so muoh like real tortoises as to give one a nervous shock of astonishment. There aro storks and birds, and beetles nnd buttorflios, and crabs and lobsters made so magically of shell work that only touoh con vinces you thoy aro not alive. There are bees of shell substances poised on flowora of tho same material, poised on wire in so ounning n way that they seem to buzz if moved only with the tip of a feather. There is shell work jewellery indescribable, all things that Japanese girls love, enchantments in mother-of- pearl, hair pins carvcn In a hundred forms, brooches, necklaces. And there aro photographs of Enoshima. The curious street ends nt a second torii, n wooden torii, with a flight of stono steps ascend ing to it. Beforo tho steps on eithorsido aro votivo stone lamps (toros), and close to the tore on the right, n little well, and a tank in which to wash one's hands— for it is deomed a pious not upon tho part of pilgrims to wash their , hands ere entering tho presenoo of the gods. And hanging bosido tho tank are small pretty sky blue towels, with white eharaotcrs upon them. I ask Akira wliat these characters signify. " Ho-Kong is the soiind of tho characters in the Chinese ; but in Japanese! the same character's are pronounced ICeiiji tatemntsura, and signify that ' those toryols : aro most humbly offered to Benten. They are what you call votivo offerings. Aud thoro aro many kinds of votivo offerings mado to famous shrines. Somo people givo towels, somo give 'piotures, ' somo givo vnsos, somo offer lanterns of paper, or bronze, or stono. It is common to promise such offerings when making u petitions to tlie gods ; aud it 1b usual to promiso a torii. ' The torii may bo small or great, ac cording to the wealth of him who gives it. Tho very rich pilgrim may offer to the gods a torii of metal such as that below, which is the Gate of Enoshima." " Akira, do the Jhpanbse always kcei» their vows to the' gods? " Akira. smiles a sweet smile and answers : — " There was a man who promised to build a torii of good metal if his prayer wore granted. And ho obtained all that ho desired ; and then ho built a torii with, three fine, small needles." Ascending the steps wo reach a terrace, domi nating all the city roofs. There are Buddhist lions of stone and stono lanterns, mossed and ohipped, ou cither side the torii ; and the back ground of tho terrace is tho holy mountain, co vered with foliage. To tlio left is a balustrado of stone, equally old nnd green, surrounding a shallow pool, stagnant, and covered with somo verdant scum of water weed. And on tho fur ther hank above it, out of tho bushes, towers a strangely shaped stone slab, poised on edge and covered with Chinese charac ters. It is a sacred stone, and is believed to have tho forra of a great frog, gama —wherefore it is called Gama-ishi, " Tho Frog Stone." Hero and there nlong the edge of the terrnco nro othor graven monuments, one of which is tho offering of certain pilgrims who visited the shrine of tho sea goddess 100 times. On tho right otlior flights of steps, lead to loftier terraces, and an old man who sits at tho foot of them making birdcages of bamboo, offers him self as guide. A Ye follow him tothd'noxt terrace, whero tliero is a school for Japanese children— tho children of Enoshima, and another sacred stone, liugo and shapeless — Fukuishi, the Stone of 'Wealth. In oldou times pilgrims who rubbed their hands upon it believed they would thereby gain riches, and tho stone is polished and worn by the touoh of countless palms. More steps and more green mossed lions and lanterns, nnd another terrace with h little tcmplo in its midst— the first shrine of Benten. Befo're it a few stunted palm trees arc growing. There is nothing in the shrine of interest — only Shinto emblems. But tliero is knottier well beside it, with other votivo towels — sky blue towels bearing characters ; and there is another mysterious monument— a stone shrine brought over from China 600 yoars ago. Per haps it contained somo far famed statue before liis placo of pilgrimage was given over to the priests of Shiuto, oontemners of Buddhist images. There is nothing in it now ; tho monolith slab forming the back of it has been fracturod by tho falling of rocks from the cliff above, and tho inscription cut therein has been almost effaced by somo kind of soum. Akira reads, Dai-Nippon-goku-Enoshima-no-reiseki- ken. . . The rest is undecipherable. Ho says tliero Is a statue in the neighboring tem ple, but it is exhibited only once a year, on tho fifteenth day of tlio soventli month. Leaving the court by n rising path to the left, we traverse the edge of n cliff overlooking tho sea. The way is lined with little tea houses, all widely opened to the breeze, tea houses perched on the edge of a precipice, and over their lacquered floors one sees through'tho frame of tboir dainty balconies tho delicious ocean blue aud tho horizon specked with snowy sails. And a faint blue peaked shape also, like a phantom island, the far vapory silhouette of Oslima. Tliero we find another torii, and other steps loading to a terraco almost black with shade of enormous evergreen trees, and surrounded on the sea Bide by another stone balustrade volveted with moss. On the right more steps, another torii, hnothor terraco, and moro mossed green lions and stone lamps, and a monument insoribed with tlie record of oliango whereby Enosliima passod away from Buddhism to bccomo Shinto. Beyond, in the centre' of anothor plateau, the second shrine of Benten. But there is no Benten! Benten has been hidden nwny by Shinto hands. The second shrine is void as the first. Nevertheless, in a shed to tho left of tho temple strnngo relics are exhibited. Feudal armor, suits of plata and ohain mail ; helmets with visors whioh are demoniacal masks of sable iron ; helmets crested with furious dragons in gold ; two handed swords worthy of giants ; nnd enormous arrows, more than 5 feot long, with shafts nearly nn inch in diameter. Ono lias a crescent head about 9 inches from horn to horn, the interior edge of the crescent being sharp as a knife. Such a missile would take off a man's head if shot with great farce, but I can scarcely boliove Akira'a assuranco that suoli ponderous arrows weroshot from n bow by lmnd only. There Is a specimen of tho writing of Nichiron, the great Buddhist priost, gold characters on a blue ground ; thero is in a lacquered shrine a golden dragon, said to have been made by that still grcator priest and writer and master wizard, Kobodaishi; and thero arc some Buddhist lions and other symbols placed on view only as curiosities. 