THE BOTTLE IIP. CHAPTER IY.—£ONTINUI:D. ' . Our last loffc Koawo nibraliaing on tho chances of tho old man boingablo to got rid of tho bottlo After a slight pauso ho ..wanton : 'Atthrooit will be quito; impossible. Tho margin is not . broad enough ; tho thing bogins" to . smell of scorohing— ; brr-r r' soid lib, and ahudderod:.' u It is truo I bought it myaolf for i\ cent, when! ' know not thoro wcrq' sinallor coins. 1 waB a fool for my. paiita J there will nover bo found anothor ; and wboovor lmb that bottle now will carry it to tlio pit." MOh, my hu?band 1 said- Kokua, "is it not a terrible thing ; te.savo ourselves by the eternal ruin of another ? It sooms to mo i oould hot - laugh ; I -would bo humblod ; 1 would be filled; with- melan choly; I would; prny for tho poor holder. Then Koawe,, bccauBp lie-felt . tho truth of what sho said, grow tho more ailgry, "Hoightytcighty/'criodho, "Yuu may bo tilled with : raolancholy if you pleaso. It ia not the mind of .a good wifo. If ; you thought at all ot mo you , would eit bhambd."- Thereupon- ho 'went out and Kokua was alou'u. What ohfiricb had sho to soil tho bottlo at throo centimes ? None alio porcoived. And if ehb had any, hero ,waa. hor hua- hurrying hor nviay to a country whore nothing was lower than' a cent.. And hero — on tho morrow of her sacrifice — hero was lior husband loaving her and blamingkorl She would not cvon try to profit by what sho had, but sbo eat in thu houso, and now lmd tho bottle out nnd viewed it with unutterable fear, and now with loathing hid it out of sight. By and by Koawo oamo back and would hero her take nririvo. "My husband, lam ill," sho said. "I am out of heart. Excuso me, I can toko noplensuro." , . audi wuaavqiwu luuro wrom tnan ever with her, buoauso ho thought sho was brooding ovor tho easo of tho , old man, and with himself booauso he thought alio was right and was aslmmod to bo so happy. "Tuis is your truth," cried ho, "nnd this your affection! Tour husband is just eared from eternal ruiti, which ho enaountqrod for tlio lovo of you— and you can tako no ploasuro ! Kokua.' you havo a disloyal heart." Ho went forih again furious, and w&udorcd; in tho town all day. Ho met friend and drank with thorn ; they hired a carriage and drove into tho country and there drank again. . All tho tiino Koawo was iU at o-ise because ho was taking his Iiaetiuio while his wife ' was sad and leoauso he knew in his heart that she . was luqnv right fchoirho, .and.tho.lmow- lodge made him drink tho deeper. Now, thero wha'au old. brutal H&olo; ' drinking with him-rono that: had been a bouts'wnin of owlinlor, a runaway, a dig- ger in gold. mines, a or.vipt in prisons, -ilo had a low mind and a foul mouth ; he loved to drink and seo others- drunken, , . uudliu pasaud "Uur gluss . upou Keftwc. , 'Boon there was no more lnonoy in the . Ulfiuputl. - - > ' " Hero, you,1! saye tho boatswain, "yon : are lioh, you have boon - alwavs saying. You hnvo a. buttle or sumo foolish- riess." Ycs,".aaya Kuaive, -"111111 rich. 1 will go back and got - omno monoy from my wife, who j;c'op3 it." . : " That's a bad idea,, mate,' said the .boatswain, " Never y on trust a petticoat with dollars. , Tiioy 'ro all as false as . -Wator ;-.you koup-nn oyo on hor." Now, tins nord stuck in Keawo'cunihd, for ho .was muddled with what ho had v been drinking. . -. "I should not. wonder bub what sho >vas false, indeed," thought ho. " lVhy else should she be so cast down at my release? line I -will u'iow hor that I am v not tho m.vi to bo Tooled. I will catoh ... her in tho not. . . Accordingly, ulio:i tlioy wore back in \- vuiru, Aviuuu -wikuo bUU UUBmWIIIII Willis for hini at tlio oincr by tho old cala boose, and. wont forward up the avenue ' along to tho door of hiahouso. Tho , night lmd cotno again ; there was a light , within, but novor a sound;. and Keawo crept . about- tho earner, 'opened the back door softly aud lookod ip. -Thero was Kokun -ou tho fleer, the lamp at her eido ; before her was a milk- white bottlownh a round belly and a long nock,, uml no sho viewed it Kokua wrung- hor hands; ; A long tune Kcuwo stood and looked in tho. doorway, At ' drat he was struck stupid and then fear foil upon him that . .the bargain had been made amiss and the . .'( bottle had como back- 1). him as it oamo at San Francisco ; and at this his knees .wcro loosened nnd tho fumes of tho wine . departod-from his hoad Jikn. mists off a : river nr tho morning. And then ho had auother thought, nnd it was a strango dno, that mnua . Ins uhcoks burn. "I must mako euro of this," thought lie. . So ho closod the door and went eoftly round tbo corner again, and ; thou came noisily in as though ho hod but now re turned, Aud io! by tho tirao ho oponed the . front door no bottlo was to bo seen, and Kokua eat in a chair nud started up liko pno wakonud out of sloop.; , / I -have bean drmkiug all day and making merry," acid Konwe. "1 bavo boon- with good - companions, and now I vuiyuaiuu uauK iur niuuuy. uuu — drink and caruuouwith thorn again," Both Jus faco and hw voice woro an jiidgmont, but Kokua was too troubled to observe, You do well to iiao your own, my huabmd," said oho, and hor words -trembled, "Oh, I do- ivoll iu all thinge. oajd : Keawe. nnd -ho went stra'ght for the chest aud took out money, but ho looked . hosidoa in tho oornur wnoru they kept tlio bottlo, and llicro was uo bottlo thoro. . At that tho chest henvod- upou.tlio floor 'like u coi billow, and tho house -spun about hinvliko ii wreath of smoke, for ho saw that ho was lost now and thoro was noosenpo. - "It is -what I feared, hp v thought. "It is she who has bought "it." And theu ho caino to lumaolt rv litfclo nnd roao up, but tlio sweat slroamod on htofaco no thick as tho rain and aooold as tho Iroll watur, _ . , "KuKua," Mid l.o. "I toiyp"1"; ilny what ill booamu inu. Now I rJtur" to liou&o; with my jolly conipnimm'. and ... at that lio laughed n littlo. I"1'1'1)!, _ will take inoro pleasure in the cup if you ; f"siio0bia»pud liiakiious in a mo.iiont, sho hiosud his knooa with ilo>) ing to""- Ohl . olio oriud, V I aok.Uat a hind word I '-'Lot ' uo iiover tlimlc. hardly , of tho ; ntlro'sd ICoaivo, andjvos gouo out of 1 tlooTtho monoy Koawo had takon w«a vV-- ;'.'.V.v only oo.no of that otoro 0£ oumin.o ,iiucc> thoy hod laid iu at their arrival. U „n, T?ir.y»"rr. a ?d "T m',ld tabu drinking. , , ElVQn hor aoul for him. now ho muot giro hio for horaj no othor tkooghtwaa in tlio world for him. ,1 0 nT"' "l6 oW oalabooso thoro irr boatswain waiting. My wifohos tho bottle, " said lten-' we, and unloss you help mo to recover it thero cau bo no inoro money and iu moro liquor to night." _ You do not mean to say you aro serious about that bottlo V" cried tho boatswain. : nTrl?r0. .'J1? 'an,l'." o»id Koawo. ? 08 was jesting." T nut is so," said tlio boats ivaiu, "Tou look as serious as a ghost," " Woll, then," aaid Ivoawo, " horo aio tUrco oeiitunoa ;you muat go to my wifo in tlio hoato ami olfor her tliuae for tho botilo, wl.ioli, if I am notmuoli miatnkon, alio will giro you instantly. Bring it to mo horo, and I will buy it back from you l.0„r,.i,IO.L?r..tl!?t„i' 'ho. law _ with this -voaio, vuut in Bcu. must bo sold foralcss urn. But whatovcr you do, nover breathe o word to hor that you havo co'rao from mo. ' "Mato, I wonder if you aro uiaking a 'Oolof mo? .asked tho boatswain. . win you no harm i! I am," re turned Koawe. . " -bat is so,. mate, eatd tho boitswain. And if you doubt mo," added Koawo, you can try. And as soon as you aro clonr of tho houso wish to lmvo your pocket full of money, or a bottlo of tho tost rum, or what you pleaso, and you will Fey tlio virtuo of tho thing." - ' "Very woll," eays 'tho boatswain, "I will try, but if you aro having fun out of mo, I will take my fun out of you with a belaying pin," So tho whalomun wont of! up tho avonuo, and Keswo stood aud.watted. It was noar tho soino spot whoro Kokua iiad waited ttu night before, but Koawo was mow resolved, and novor faltered in his purpuso ; only his soul was hittor with dcfpair. _r. It seemed a long timo ho had to wait beforo ho heard a voico singing iu tho -mniauoa vt UiVHIUUUU, XSU ttllUIT IIIO voice to bo tlio boatswain's, but it was strango how drunkon it appoarod upon a sudden. ( Next thu inau himsolf carao stumbling into the light of the lamp, He had tho dovil's botUo buttouod in his coat; another bottlo was in his hand, and oven as ho came in viow ho raised it to his mouth and drank. "You havo it," said Koawe, "I 000 that." "Hands off I" cried tho boatswain, jumping back. " Tako a step near mc, and I'll smash your mouth, xou thought you could make a cat's paw of mo, did you?" " NVhat do you mean ?" criod Koawe. u Mean?" cried tho boataw&in.; . "This is a pretty good bottlo, this, is, that'e what I moon. How I got it for '-throo centimes I can't nmko out ; but I'm euro you shan't have it for two." . "You uionu you won't eel! 1" gasped Keavve. < "No, sir!" cried -tho. boatswain.- "But I'll give you a drink of tho riim if you like." "I tell you," saidiKcawe, "tbo man. who has that buttlo goos to hulli" " :y;.: II T pbfllfnn I'm onifKr aiiuwiitt " rnfitrnnrl the sailor ; " and this bottle's the best thing to go with -Fyp -struck - yet. No, sir, ho cried egsin, " this is ' my - bottlo now, and you can go and fish for another." ' . -- i .Sr'y ; " Can this be' true?" Keawo. oried, "For your own salro, I beseooh you, sell ifctno. " I don't vslno any of your talk, said tlio boatswain. , " You thought I was .a flat; now you sbo lam not,andtherpe an end. If you won't.havo a swallow of my. rum,l')I have ono myself. Here's your healtli, and good night to you." So off ho wont doqrh tho. avenue to ward town, and thero goes tho bottlo out of tho story. . But Keawo ran to Kokua light as tho wind ; groat was their Joy that night, and great, sinco. then, lias been the pescu of all their days in tlib Bright House.- > 