I RUSSIAN GHOSTS. ('Br A RUSSIAN in the Evening Standard.) Ghosts are numerous in Russia. They are everywhere. At least fifty millions, if not moro, of the Tsar's sub- jects-tlie whole rural population in fact-are firmly convinced that there is not a house, inhabited or otherwise, that has not its domovoi (house spirit). Tho peasant looks upon the domovoi as a living reality, as something that is as much to be reckoned with in the hard, joyless life as tho inclemency of the jong winter, the tax collector, the con- scription, and similar inevitable evils. Nay, ho gives more thought to the domovoi than even to the tax collector, for the latter's visits take place at fixed times, whereas the former is constantly with him. But familiarity invariably breeds contempt, and also in this case the constant presence of the house spirit has deprive:! him of certain awe inspiring features which are so charac- teristic of other countries. Thus in most parts of Russia thc peasant pictures to himself the domovoi as a little old man with a long beard and a hirsute covering all over his body, and as manifesting a decided preference for the petch (oven), where he lives with his wife and family. I have never heard of a house-spirit who had not at least a wife; in the majority of cases he is represented as having also several daughters. The latter are reputed to be exceedingly attractive and possessing all the charms of youth and beauty. But woe to thc mortal whose fancy takes a flight in that direction ! He is inevit- ably lost. Some fifteen years ago I came across an old army pensioner hailing from Voronesh. He had served under thc Tsar Nicholas, and got his discharge after the Crimean War. The old fellow was a good hand at describing the horrors of the ante-emancipation days ; his forte, however, lay in the domain of ghostland. He was a firm believer in house-spirits, wood-spirits, water-nixies, and a host of minor denizens of the spirit world. He had no doubt whatever that human beings are sometimes enticed by the charming daughters of the domovoi, and as a case in point mentioned that of his own brother, a young fellow of nineteen, who had the misfortune to get in- fatuated with the daughter of their house-spirit. "Heaven only knows, barin (master)," the old man said with a deep sigh, " how he came to meet the netshistooioo (unclean one), but there it was. He suddenly became a changed man, lost his appetite, could not sleep, would walk about like a man in a dream, not speaking to anyone, or even answer- ing when spoken to. At first wc did not know what was the matter with him, but learnt, on consulting the xnakhar (sorcerer), that the poor lad had been ensnared by the domovoi's daughter. He (the sorcerer) tried ali kinds of incantations and other remedies, but they were all of no avail. Thc lad became worse and worse, would disappear for days roaming about in the fields, and return home completely tired out. Things thus went on for months, until one morning one of our neighbours found the lad hanging from a tree." Here the old man wiped away the tears from his eyes, muttering to himself, " bicdny paren ! biedny paren ! (poor lad ! poor lad !) The domovoi, after that sad event, completely changed his behaviour towards the household. He used to be very kind, even indulgent, both to the members of my informant's family and to their cattle, horses, and poultry. He would look after the animals, and see that they were well fed and watered, and not molested by other spirits. Soon after the death of the young fellow the house-spirit began to play practical jokes of all kinds. He would, for instance, pinch them, cause nightmares, and otherwise disturb them in their sleep, throw about articles of furniture and kitchen utensils, slam doors, and a variety of other annoying things. Particularly spiteful he showed himself to horses. He would tear out the hair of their manes, take away their fodder, and make them restive. I heard similar stories of ghosts' pranks from other peasants, although I have never come across another instance of a mau actually falling in love with the domovoi's daughter. Very fre- quently the house-spirit takes a dislike to some particular member of the family, or even to some particular animal, giving vent to his feelings in a variety of unpleasant ways. It is, however, asserted that a gentle remons- trance with the diedooslika (little grand- father)-so the house-spirit is generally alluded to-may in some cases avert his disfavour. In certain districts the " little grandfather " seems to be less amenable to reason, and the inhabitants have therefore to resort to stronger means of pacification. The services of the village sorcerer are first called into requisition, and, if of no avail, offerings in the shape of hens, geese, and, in very rare cases, even of cattle and horses, are hod recourse to. In some of tlie eastern governments a hen or a goose is killed in honour of the domovoi at regular intervals, the head of the killed bird being hung up somewhere in the court yard for the specinl benefit of the "little grandfather" and his family. It is also customary to dedicate to tlie house-spirit the halter by which a newly acquired horse or cow had been lcd to its new home, and as thc petch is supposed to be his favourite spot in the house, thc rope is placed there at night. In addition to this it is also thought necessary to recommend to the domovoi's favour every new animul introduced into the household. This is done by addressing him in some such manner as the follow- ing:-Diedooslika, take kindly to this horse, feed and water him, do not molest him thyself, nor suffer thy wife and children to ill-treat him." At the death of thc paterfamilias hts heir or successor is, in same parts, formally introduced to the " little grandfather," the latter being implored to extend his protection to the new master and his property in the same way as he had done to his predecessor. Generally speaking, the denwvoi is friendly to people lie knows, but the reverse to strangers, and it is owing to this circum- stance that he is always invited to follow the family whenever the resi- dence is changed. The oldest female of the household goos to thc old place, and filling a new earthenware vessel with burning coals politely invites the " little grandfather" to take up his abode in the new house. She then covers up thc vessel and carries it home, where the master and his wife are waiting at the door to meet their old friend, " with bread and salt," this being thc usual form of welcome extended by hospit- able Russians. On the company then entering the house the coals aro emptied on thc hearth, and tim ceremony of installation is considered complete. Domovois, however, happen to be inimical towards each other, and very frequently a fierce struggle ensues be- tween the old house-ghost and the new- comer. If the latter is victorious, thc family may look forward to peace and plenty, but should lie succumb to the superior strength of his rival, the house- hold must bc prepared for a veritable pandemonium at night time, and for unpleasant surprises in the stable, cow- shed, and poultry-yard. For the old spirit is sure to have his revenge on the family for trying to oust him from his quarters. Only on very rare occasions the domovois act in accord with each other. It is before the advent of a great calamity, such as the outbreak of a war, a pestilence, or a famine. AH the spirits then meet in some secluded spot outside the village, and make night hideous with their howls and shrieks. Next in importance arc the Kikimori. They are supposed to be the spirits of children who departed this life either without being baptised, or with the curse of their mothers resting on them. Although on the whole quite harmless, they are apt nt times to cause distur ances, especially when a human being bas succeeded in catching sight of them, in which case they revenge themselves on the offending person by throwing at him (or her) anything that may be near at hand. Like the doinovois they live in the oven, but, unlike their neigh- bours, they manifest a preference for uninhabited houses. Only as recently os 1864 the whole population of Krasnyarsk, a government town in Siberia, was greatly agitated owing to a number of Kikimoris taking up their abode in an uninhabited house, and amusing themselves by throwing bricks and other large missiles at unoffending passers-by. Matters came to a head when the governor himself was one evening wounded with a brick. He at once gave orders to surround the house with military, and to arrest anyone who might be seen leaving the premises. But the Kikimori are still at large. 