STORY OF A GOLD ROBBERY, w-?? ? i The Melbourne Evening Standard gives a story regarding the murderer Williams which it elates has been related to a representative by a detective engaged in the case. Tke in cident goes back fifteen years, and the scenes are all laid in South Africa, at a tame when the diamond fever was raging and the; Kusso Turkisli Wax was nearing its close. * In Cape Colony in 1877 three boxes containing 5000 sovereigns wore one day mysteriously abstrac ted from a fmail cart travelling between King Williamstown and Grrahamsfcown. The gold belonged to the Standard Bank, and was taken over to the hotel in King Williamstown, whence the mail cart started, and here placed in the vehicle by Mr Pointing, manager of the | hostelry, in the presence of the bank officials. One of them mounted the box with the driver, and all went well until a certain half-way turnpike was reached, when the bills of lading had to be scrutinised and the con tents of the vehicle examined- Then it was found that the gold was not on board. It had disappeared in some unaccountable manner, : but how or where it had gone to remained a j mystery for some time after. It was noticed ' that at about this time a seafaring engineer \ named " Bully" Williams was knocking about ; TTitig Williamstown, and in such a way as to excite suspicion in the minds .of- the police, for he had no ostensible means of support though he represented himself as being con nected with a big engineering firm in England. Hie lived at the hotel where Pointing was manager, the owner of the place being at the time in the old country, having leftPoint ing to look after his interests during his absence. Pointing and Williams were fast friends, and the fact that Pointing evi dently knew something of how tbe moxiey had disappeared brought suspicion «n both men alike. There was no direct evidence upon which either could be arrested, and*so-it was 1 decided to keep them both under close surveil I lance. Williams began to find this sort of | thing ratherdisagree&ble;,*, and determined to 1 put some distance between himself and the . Cape Colony police authorities as soon as pos sible. But his time for departure had not yet arrived. He resolved to put up with the risk a little longer, rather than leave the country, and perhaps lose the chance of sharing in the spoil* The police at last deteminedto boldly against Pointirig, fearing that, would sooner or later give them tKesfip So they pounced upon him suddenly one day and accused him of the robbery; and he, taken aback with the suddenness of the charge taeilty admitted he was a party to the deed. The bank, more anxious for the money than for the vindication of the law, gave the thief to understand that if he would only lead them to the place where the coin was '"planted" they would not prosecute him. He reluc tantly consented. The money, he told them, had been planted in a sandhill near the town. There were several such hills, but he could not tell them exactly which " one. Two policemen and a bank official, set out for the j concealed treasure. Pointing led them up one hp and down another till ^arhwys ramo on, and they were all tired, and the 5000 sovereigns were as &r; away as ever. For several days after the search was renewed, put apratli no better result. Pointing fond - ilbai^a fe mint!. , Williams had found an opportunity of persuading him that it would be much . better to risk a term of imprison ment, and have the money when he came out, than give up the inoniey, and perhaps have to go to gaol afLeir alL» Tte hotel manager was at ev^®nee fordught a^ik^^him . was conclusive. The jury found him guilty, and he Jeft^ the court to serve a sentence of three years' imprisonment. Tbljpoliiaoii grek altogether to uncomfor \- now. The eyes of ? the It was known he had jplayed an important part in the he knew he was suspected, was, oil "hi® trial Williams was properly with luxuries daring his incar-^. that then they could lift the " plants leave the country, and sail for Aus tralia with the JJ50G0. At any rate Poi ating asserted on his libera tion that such an understanding did exist bejweea them, and how '/V" illiams on his part fulfilled it remains to be seen. One morning after the hotel manager had begun to serve his sentence a mysterious disapperance was reported. Williams had not been seen for some days, and no one could say where he bad gone, or how he had taken his departure. He had disappeared like a ghost in the night, and no trace of him could be found. Nothing more was heard of Mm till about nine months later, when a queer-looking little man evidently disguised, got off the coach atKing Williamstown. No one knew who the visitor was, and asjso many people were goingand coming'to the diamond fields he did not excite more than prdinary notice. The little man was none other than " Bully Williams, who , had returned for the " swag " when the coast' ?- was clear. - : He found it where it was planted in the saiid, and, laden with sovereigns, he made his way baek as quickly as possible to. the coast. On arrival at the port of Bast London it was noticed he was very flush of cash. He gave a great spree at one of the hotels, got all j A Ms old acquaintances round him, and after a ? really merry time of it lie sailed for London. _ ! The gentlemanwho has supplied us wi th this ' information was at the time a prominent resi dent of East .London, and his bona fides are undoubted. He knew Williams well ancLall about him, and has no dtyibt that the man. who committed the Windsor murder and the accomplice ofPointing in the "iouth African gold robbery are one and the same person. * Williams was fof some yearsari engineer en ... one of the Union Campany's Cape mail boats. . When, at East London he had to leave the vesselj it was supposed throagh a row with the men, who could not stand his arrogant disposition. He was known among seafaring ; men us*£ Bully " Williams, because of the \- constant swagger he assumed and his noto- i Tiojisly aggressive manner. When Pointing gotoutof gaolhe went baek to Kingwilliams - J»w^ io get the money he and Williams had planted, but found to his sorrow that Williams who had promised to wait for him, had been \- there before him . It transpired subsequently that Pomting, instead of putting the boxes of gold into the mail cart, put in dummy "boxes instead, the bank officials who were standing ' by being deceived by the counterfeit parcels. Williams' favourite topic of conversation on" board the Kaiser Wilhelm was *' My travels in Soi^fch Africa," where he alleged he had made a fortune and " spent it like a man, 