THE STORY TELLER. UoKDSEBflLT'S lilt. \- mr Bx E. W. Hoasuzych lit The Belton buggy had coma 25 miles at ex press speed ; the horses were steaming ; and ii ras three miles farther to the townahip. Never- theless, young Reaper was flicking hie whip to i, fflinn Lsbb ran back. bre&thlmw.; rdH Sot to the horses1 heads. " Hold on !' C au't, Mr. Lees." Tou can — you must. I'll send a man on horseback to the township in half tha time it'll take you. to dare. He'll be hack with the police loug under the hour. Meanwhile, y.on will have had something to eat with as, and I shall have run up a fresh pair for your buggy. These are dead-beat. It will save you time in the eud." E >oper and Michie put their heads together, hut oulv for an instant. The good sense of the squatter's proposal was as obvious as its good nature ; besides, it was the Bilbil dinner lour, and the yoaag men were hungry. As they alighted from the buggy, Lees ordered the Belton horses to be watered and turned loose, and Bushman and Bluebeard, his own favourite pair, to be run up from the horse- paddock. Then, Mr. Loes having promptly desp itched a messenger, thay all adjourned to the diiuugroom, where they fonnd Mia. Lses Bwaiung them. She was slightly pale, and scared by the sensational news, bat eager to hear every thing ; aud she was soon in posses sion Let only of the facts of the present case, but ot many other facts in connection with the poter! as Thunderbolt, to say nothing of heart:'.y. Tii tni.icr bolt, then, was rumoared to be & Ulan oi far greater refinement than most prac- titioners in uis liue — nurse, morgan, or loan Hall, lor instance ; he had also in some quarters a rep it at ion f or an alleged gallantry 01 bear ing towards ail women who came in his way professionally; but in violence, in daring, and fn insolence, he was not second to the worst of then. Tho 11 opers had yarns about him from s station of theirs in Queensland, which was TiiUiic orboit's own colony and bis commonest huniiug-cround ; but Michie, the Belton over seer, h m actually exchauged shots with the desperado on a former occasion. You might have known Bob Michie a lifetime without knowing word about that incident, or indeed about any other ineiden in which he had him self played a prominent part : but the oldBtory was wrung from him to-night. He had been oil the iowc-r Queensland roads, in charge of sheep, and had happened to camp outside a to-s-L-r.iy on the very night that the bank there was visited by Thunderbolt and his mate, "ivelh vrM-i the family at the bank were dis cos rod so:ticg round the supper-table like corpses— gagged every one o£ fham and tied to their :>— 'i hue and cry was started. It chautsd that the discovery was made much so onei than the bushrangers had bargained far. The latter were surprised in camp a few mile- :ro:u the township ; they had just time t:> mount their horses, which ihey had not un- paldltd, and a hot chase followed. Michie ouhtrir qvd c-mpetitors in pursuit, had a bullet ids hat, and in return shot oft the lit lie run -a: of either Thunderbolt or his mate ; fn ti. - -Li kuess it was impossible to tell which, Only fae dnger was found. 11 I suppose the first thing you did to-day, Waeu y ou got your man safe, was to make him sh.-tv his Laud, eh r'J asked Lees, 'aughiug; but neither M:chie no. young Hooper had thought Of it. ar.i this moment voices were heard tmtsiie. ihii messenger had returned with the buggy an i with a polvcemm. The sergeant hud i;. ther trooper were following on horse- bark. :iv. 1 would overtake the buggy. With jtuntv , P- .gi-s and good-byes the young men left fn-: :f Pi.- aud drove off. Th9 meal would have g. no ou rather silently after that, for the pien WL-rc all yearning to be at Belton and see the fu.. but Penelope kept them busy answer ing he: , stioas. She had drunk in every wem it h i i fallen from the lips of the re do ub tab I e i.Ii fuie, and the item of the little fing-r ;u particular had entertained her greatly. All tl.h was on the Saturday evening. Sun 1 g; brought startling news. The buggy una iu p. yuca had arrived at Belton only to find the bird Town — none knew how — none knew whirhcr. Thunderbolt was at large again find in Hivc-rina. It vv.Lt iguiast the grain with William Leee to retain to the woolshed that night; but his j Fite a -. s u r .1 him that she had no fear so long s,s T : and she were not left entirely Eicne ; an l :udtei the chances were that the lushmnger. ;f no- fpeedi!y recaptured, would Ptcjj uo. -.hward to the Queensland frontier. So Mes w\ut, hut left both tha overseer and the gcrel; , .p;r be hind him at the homestead. It raf,air,i:'gl at these two should drive out J -b d the first thing each morning, re- sundown ; ana the plan answered ver the Bilbil Socks been ;V:": never had there been more per- ect of- 1 -nt- at the Bilbil shed ; never less | pnnm.au;;. ?T ,/rcover, the "clip" throughout luveii:. i v. :i a likely to prove a better one than 3,u b -u ob; umed for years. V6Dt on mending seemed fashion; and its owner Penelope PrL. «, madcap daughter, I7!,?18 he had been donefor Slf .S6111 for . the smallest thing had disfioJi £ a Qrtafn moroseness, that manner in the earliest days,. emuSf!! lonffer. Now he seemed gUd company and Mrs. Lees oftsnt SJ1 a5,nTrr tf1<5a he asked to be Mts, Loos wus not oilir crood i rea5 to 1x11X1 b J the hour, but xf ible the terature the lightest she t? £&"? apoa' Yet &e; was far l esinilS PejPatttal entertainment. Mrs. Pently discovered that silent com panionship had an attraction of its own for hhSTforb found that- sheeoald sit beside £he s,llence of which he made ncr SfSSfi 1 io,n8t" she showed no sign of going. Shehad only to gather up her work. JTeT61\<0r Brown to run upabarrierof ques- she was. It w«Is though ienoe had lost its charm for him the enforced by sohtude— as though a presence was essential to the enjoyment of his reveries— queer traits, "both or mem, m a rough common "bushman. But Brown was scarcely a common bushman, there was so much that was uncommon in him. Mrs. ff98 forhvdy watching the dark, brooding ofSUn haTt«lw worids to sharejustdne wa iakmST Praams. Daily she burned for one httle glimpse of the scenes that were passing before those wide- open, sunken eyes, staring at nothing m particular, but staring at it so long. Bang a woman, and one without much to occupy herein the long, .hot, sleepy days, this curiosity was very natural : but It was very well for her peace of mind that Mrs. Lees had no way of gratifying her curiosity. " ' Once a day, sometimes twice,- -the :dark in- sorutao'e face underwent suddea trans fig ura- tion, and became ten years younger in expres- ' j eyos shone with delight and interest and admiration. It was when little Penelope appeared on the scene. ..The homestead at Bilbil consisted of so many little trifling buildup that to enumerate them would be insufferable ; but there was one bin building, with a little pocket edition of itself tacked on to one end of it, that was the centre of the system. The component parts of the big building were two long, bare, parallel verandahs, with the station store, the dining- room, and some spare bedrooms enclosed bstweenthem. The pocket edition was called tue Cottage, and as it only contained Mrs. Bees s quarters, it was also something of an eJt hon de luxe. Here the verandah was anv- thing but bare ; it was elosed in by a screen of trellis- work and creepers, which turned it into a long room with open ends. In this cool re treat M«. Lees's work-table and Mrs. Lees's long wicker-work chair were generally pitched : in fact, Mrs. Lees spent most of her time between this verandah and the sitting- room which opened npon it. From the latter half of August the long wicker-work chair — which was really more of a sofa— began to be occupied all dav and every day by one person — the man Brown ; mid by the first of September Brown was able to get backwards and forwards, between this and his room in the barracks, on a pair of makeshift c rutches. It was here, then, tvat he saw much of Mrs. Lees— and spoke to her so little ; and it was here that his face changed so when little Mi6B Pea flitted through the verandah and popped into the sitting-room, to take leave of her mother before her day's work ont at the 6hed began, and when she came in— with her sprightly steps, and with sand and dust cling ing to her little blue riding-habit — to report herself at the day's close. It is true that Pen seldom forgot to fling a word to pom Brown, lying quietly there in the long chair ; but she was too completely self -engrossed, it is to be feared, to stop and talk to him for many seconds together ; and he saw the last of her always too soon, with wistful eyes. "Morning, Brown— how's the poor leg?" sh.e would .jerk out; or: "Better, Brown? That's all right; lucky thing I found you though, eh?" Brown was always ready with a cheerful answer; but she seldom waited to hear it ; and nfl far firiiiff niTAAnn KaaV ftf h A wta to detaining tha sunbeam, that was a foregone failure. Oue evening, however, she came in with a splendid emu's egg, which she had found for herself on the run ; and this she could not resist stopping to show to Brown. He took it in his left hand — his right lay thrust in his breast pocket — and admired it deliberately, so delibe rately that Pen could hardly restrain herself from snatching it away from him, in her eager ness to dart off and show it to some one else. But Brown had the egg in his hand, and his opportunity too. " Have yon ever seen one of these carved, missie?" he asked her shyly. "Only once — over at Belton," replied Pen. " We have two carved ones here." " Would you like to have a carved one? Wonld yon like to have this egg carved ? Giddy little Pen was arrested at last; she forgot her anxiety to show the egg to the others ; and- her eyes glistened. " Would I not !" she cried with great emphasis. " Yon dcn'fc mean to say you can oarve emu eggs ?" " Well, I used to be able to do it ; I used to turn an honest penny at the game— once." Brown sighed. "I suppose I haven't forgot how." Pen began clapping her hands— hut quickly stopped. " I say," she said gravely, "I haven't got any money, you know ! I've only got what's In my money-box — and I don't think I may touch that," she added doubtfully. Brown stared at her out of bis deep-set eyes ; there was. something reproachful in his look. » It isn't likely I'm going to charge you any thing, Miss Pen— now, is it ? I'll carve this ego- for love— as the saying is; and I'll carve it better than ever I carved an emu egg in my life before. Consider what you done for ne, little miss !" Pen considered. It yielded nothing. She was not accustomed to consider. " What hare I done?" she asked at last with eyes wide Brown gazed at her some moments without iwtipng; then be said; « You sayed my life, M nSe -that's what rem did!" His tone struck the child' as odd, somehow. ' Arptyoug'ai ?"ehe adced,laughiDg. " You don7!; say it as though you were. Apd you ought hp be/0% glad, you know." _ " I tpti>e grateful— and grateful l am. glad? Pretiy well, Miss Pen— pretty weJlff Pea opened her eyes very wide indeed, and suddenly they filled with tears. She had never dreamt of any one being any thing but glad not to die. Tha very idea of indifference in the matter was frightful to her, and frightening J00-- poor man's pain, then, must be terrible ; his unhappineas— very likely about something else— mast be unbearable. Would it cheer him up at all if she, Pen were to stop at home to-morrow and chatter to him all day, instead of going out as. usual to her beloved shed? At all events. Pen resolved to try it; and as it was not quite the easiest thing in the world for such an extremely keen little stock rider, to do, she bound herself down then and. there by a promise, and consigned the precious egg to Brown 'a safe keeping. " To-morrow morning you shall carve it. Brown, do you see ? And Fll sit here and see it done; and I shan't show it to— any of the \- others till it i? dona — so just now you maj keep it. ' Brown smiled upon her as she went. He. was jiot smiling, when she rushed and found him in tire same place immediately after break - fast next morning. He was looking decidedly crestfallen. The emu egg was " stuck in the wicker ring wjth which these; long chairs are . provided, and intended, if required, to hold a tumbler. Penelope snatched up the egg ; hut there was not a scratch upon its dark -green surface. " Why," cried Pen, visibly disappointed, you haven'taven begun yet, you lazy wnyn J . Arent you going to ?' "No, miss," said Brown ruefully. " Then why did you promise, I should like to- know ?" Pen had coloured up. " Because I had forgotten, something, Miss -Pen," .. _ . . - what. had you forgotten?" Pen da , maaded scornfully., , " Why, that an accident, which happened since I: last to ochedan emUegg, has crippled me so that I can't carve any more." " Your right Hand?" "Yes." _ His right hand was out of sight, as usual, in tile breast of his coat. Nor did he withdraw it, but, quick us thought, Peaelope did so for kimj. The next momeut she started back. The little finger was gone ! Brown saw her start, and he changed colour. A struggle was going on in the child's mind ; he read it in her frightened, plucky little face ; but he did not read the eud of it. He expected her to run away and bring the place about h?q ears ; instead of which she looked him boldly in the face and exclaimed solemnly,-" You're Thunderbolt!" J' -Brown answered coolly, " I'm not, miss. Whatever makee you think bo r When have you heard of him r" " The other night. Mr. Michie was telling us. It was he that shot off your little finger for you I Stop a moment ; of course you can't be Thunderbolt, because they'd taken him just then. So, then, you're his mate !" Brown did not answer. His face was pale, bis deep eyes were full of distress. "Are you?" asked the child, in a wild whisper. Their eyes were fastened together in a long mutual gaze. Even at that moment Pen realised, with a thrill of wonder, . that she was neither trembling nor quailing under his glance, which indeed was gentle enough and reassur- uig ; but she folt no surprise when he gravelv bowed his head towards her, nor did her fears increase. She was certainly an odd child brought up in an odd way ; but even so, she may not nave realised quite what a bushranger was.icr she_ stared this one out of countenance, and then said severely ; "Did you ever shoot any one ?' (She may not have realised the full force of " shooting any one," either ) "Never," said Brown firmly. " Never, on your word of honour ?" m supposed to have a word of honour, said Brown, smiling faintly ; " but I only know I never did shoot a fellow-creature —as sure as I'm lying here! There was only one man lever felt like shooting-Thunderbolt hmiself . When I was thrown, crossing the run here, he took my horse and left me to die, Curse him ; I could shoot him as I'd shoot an ox . But forgive me, missy. It was you that saved me. It was you that saved me I" For oue moment Pen did feel frightened— f.rm mnmflnf fn vhLV l . x 1 » 7" — — ub naa spojceu 01 Thunderbolt. Then Brown's fsee had flared up with sudden passion ; but now it was calm again ; now it was calmer than before. And there was truth in the deep, dark, wistful eyes ; and his eyes seemed to Pen more sad and more sunken than they had ever been before ; and the whole appear- ance of the man was more pitiable to look upon from grief and shame — not from fear and trembling. Child as she was — possibly because she was a child— Pen read his look aright. It touched her to the heart. She took between her own brown fingers the maimed, coarse hand that she had dropped with snch sudden terror. " Look here," she whispered distinctly, while a strangely wilful expression came over her determined little face, " if I really did do what you cay I did — if I really saved y n»- sy5— I'm net gfiig to undo it by TefiSiiz 'Bo<&? shan't tell a son!. I'll die — 0 IT. ; ; ( O 'Q V/ 0 On the evening of TuasBaW 8tfr &e;&embeC; at a quarter-past 6, PeneJdgeieesL opened 4lu» - double gates of the BilML hemjjjpaffG&ock;, - squeezed through on her -aui fastened the gates behind her, and rbde up very slowly to the homestead. There was a good sunset that evening — a sunset on a grand scale, for quite half the sky was tinted pink" and amber ; but Pen only noticed it when she stopped to give her pony its evening drink at the horse tank, which mirrored the whole thing. Eastward, however, at the horizon, the sky was grey-edged, and the edge was growing broader ; but thu Pen never noticed at all. The fact is she had ridden home from the shed this evening with downcast eyes, for the shearing was all but over. It had been such, splendid fun all through that it seemed to have flown over in one week, instead of in six. But what was a thousand tunss worse rimn the close of shearing was the approach of schooling ; for it was settled that when William Lees went down to Melbourne at the beginning of November he was to take his little girl with him and leave her at a school there — hundreds and hundreds of miles away. This had only just been arranged; bnt the arrangement was final ; and it must be confessed that " downcast" does not tell the whole truth with regard to poor little Pen's eyes on her ride from the shed this evening. She dismounted at the stables, took the saddle and bridle from her pony, and sent liim off towards the home- paddock at a gentle trot. Then she walked slowly to the house, which, with the flaming west behind it, looked like an unambitious carving jn ebony. The long hare verandah in front of toe store and the auiiiig- room telescope, as ft were, with tho Cottage verandah ; mid before, she eet bar foot hi the former, Ben cojiid see the square screen of sunset at the for end of the latter, and, blotted tike ink upon, this screen, motioulesa figures eitting.in silence. " As the child's stop rang through the long, empty verandah, tome, heads turned in the . other one, but no one spoke. A ' vague fear seized Pen, their motionless attitudes seemed so strange She hesitated, but the reactionary impulse followed speedily, and hurried her forward with faltering stops, into as queer a Quakers' meeting as oonld well be imagined. In the aittin groom doorway stood Mrs. Lees, drawn up to her foil height, her pale face cola and proud, and bitterly indignant, ' bat quite calm, with the composure that sometimes, at a crisis, seems to come natural to the last woman you would have expected it of. Robert Ayrton, the overseer, was spread out on the floor, his back against the weatherboard wall of the cottage, his arms folded, and his head thrown forward on his chest. The man who called himself Brown lay in his usual posture in the long chair, and his dark deep eyes were turned upwards with their usual inscrutable stare. Seated on a chair some little distance from them was a man whom Pen had never seen be fore. He woreriding-boots, spurs, and breaches, a short neat jacket, and a " cabbage -tree" wide awake. _His face was half- turned to the glowing light, which shone upon a clear grey eye, the half of a ruddy moustache, and a sunburnt cheek and chin ; toe other side of his ; face was. necessarily iii deep shadow. The man was smoking a pipe- — the smoke hung in silvery . puffs upon the screen of roBy eky at toe end of the verandah. Penelope advanced shyly, with her eyes fixed, as was only natural, upon the- stranger. Suddenly she stood still and shivered. The red light glittered upon some thing bright and steely that lay in the stranger's lap — a revolver. " Come to me, Pen," said Mrs. Lees, in a cold mechanical voice. Pen obeyed promptly enough, and slipped an arm round hermother's waist and neatiea dose beside her. And Mrs. Lees answered aloud — in a curiously scornf ul tone — the child's upward took ofv terrified inquiry: " These men are ;bushp88gers. We are in their power! ' Pen -dare g closer to her mother. " Which ,? " .'sks whispered. " There's only that man over there with toe pistol — is. he- Thunder bolt?" "Yes," said Mrs. Lees, in the same, daunt less, disdainful tone ; " and -the one with the broken leg (if it ever was broken)— the man that wehave nursed and attended to all these weeks— is his accomplice V A guilty .blush suffused Pen's face to toe roots of her hair. She had known this for days, yet kept it to herself ! But then she. hmt never suspected treachery of this HnJ. Was it treachery ? She glanced to where Brown lay, hoping to find a reassuring expression on ms face. But there was nothing reassuring there. His eyes were still gazing vacantly upward; but the ghost of a smile played over toe pale haggard features. This faint smile seemed to fen a confession of treachery, and toe burst into tears. At this moment, a pleasant Jvoice. singing carelessly, broke upon their ears. - The voice oame nearer and nearer; then a swinging footstep and the jingling of spurs were heard ; in the long verandah. The bushranger handled his revolver. A moment later, toe store-keeper — a young fellow fresh from Eng land — stood aghast in their miuet, Ayrton, the overseer, raised his head. "Throw up your hands, Miller," said he coolly, with toe true colonial drawl ; "up with them, old man, or you're a stiff 'un ! we're stuck up. Let me introduce yon to the cele brated Thunderbolt"' — pointing to toe man with the revolver— "and. ms mate"— pointing to Brown, Young Mfiler fornalpale; then he stack his lands deep in his trousers pockets He was a very young man — a Rugby boy but a year ago. " It's a bit of colonial /experience for you — a bit worth having," went on Ayrton calmly, slicing a cake of tobacco as he spoke ; " eome- tomg for you to write and tell the old folks at home. Look out — you'd best stand still, I say !" Yopog Miller had taken, a quick step for ward, hut he stopped as quickly, for Ayrton's warniug was driven home by hA rocking of Thunderbolt's revolver. The bushranger now rose to hie feet and stretched himself coolly, " Is this toe last of them ?" he asked of Ayrton. " There's toe butcher" " We can do without him. Call the cook." " And there's the groom." " We won't wait far him fh< d'yehear?" . ' Ayrton obeyed. The Chinaman ceme. " Tell him to dish np dinner in here— and sharp," said the hushra&ger;, pointing to the sitting-room. Ayrton repeated this order as though it had been qa order from William Lees. "Now, my friends," said Thunderbolt, ad dressing toe whole company, " some find me a man of few words — some t'other thing; but anyway it's precious little I've got to 'say now. You'll have heard of me before, mayhap ; and youU have heard of scm3 o' the things I've done when pressed. I've done enough, 1 dare , say, to set a pretty high figure npon myself, alive or dead. Whatever you may force me into doing to-night, it can't make it any hotter for me, when my time comes, than it would be fe&things; stand already." He tapped the butt- lemof his revolver significantly, 4 But really, and gentlemen," he went on in a more insinuating manner, "there need be no un pleasantness at all — all I ask is a square AM? then we'll adjourn, the lot of us, imd/any more ss may happen to drop in iad join us— to the store ; und after chat — I don't promise, mind — but it's very likely I'll be saying good-bye to you. As for you, ma'rm,' continued Thunderbolt, bow ing suavely to Mrs. Lees, if you've heard any thing about me at all, you'd know that you're safe — whatever happens — and the little lady too!" Mrs. Lees treated this assurance with silent contempt ; and the outlaw now ordered them all into the sitting-room, which, as he had been careful to fiud out first, had no second door, and no windows beyond the two that looked out npon the verandah. The young storekeeper was toe last to enter, and he turned on toe thresh- ' old to shake his fiat at Thunderbolt's mate. " You villain i" he muttered savagely — "you double-dyed, immeasurable " Some swift momentary change in Brown's fees— to which Thunderbolt for the moment had turned his back— made the young man stop short in the thick of his epithets. It set him thinking, too. And a little conversation between Thunderbolt and his mate, which now took place, made his thinking ran in unex pected grooves. " Can you walk yet ?" asked Thunderbolt. "No." " Where do you sleep, then, aud how do they shift you ?" " I sleep in the barracks ; the gentlemen carry me to and fro morning and evening." As yonng Miller, and indeed everyone, knew Brown was not carried to and from toe barracks- he hobbled o& crutches, Miller, moreover had a shrewd idea as to Where 1hw as6to« wiM at Hint I'lifuiWii it' Wk. tniii'. ijr at toe base of tfaci IvS rowed so znucbgroapd fosUh«c ther could not quite be seen j hut tfiattfceyw&tf; ; within Brown's reach, His ideas became almost too nmdh for hfam fo none bat himself had heard, the small gnnw. tion between the bnnhmpgag imfl; bfa qnmijl«W mate, andMiller yearned to whisper toe gistoj it to Avrton. t.h nntrh tiannile halftif fnA m»ia£ y — I — ff-y'l «" —H wv »mv> sense to attempt this. An hour passed. Supper w ow TEo, . bushranger had eaten heartily eaouaff no baa else did, and" had not touched" A mop of any thing stronger than tea : and all toe. whihL wito half an eve upon theVereudtoBrowTi and an eye and a half upon toe. room and % occupants. The number of" the latter was no a? materially increased. After dinner had beeg served, Sammy, the Chinese cook, was nod allowed to return to the kifoftftn. Then toft groom had come in to say that a strange horse was tethered in the pines,. and the groom, hud been detained. Then toe batehetJhadcom# to see what had happened to his friend thf groom, and the botcher had keen detained. The maid servant, also, had surrendered of o wn accord, being tired of toe dust «nd discom fort and solitude under her mistress's bed; se she was in the room too, in a state of inter mittent hysterics. But Mrs. Lees sat through it all in haughty silence; and little Ben, her mother's hand tightly, did her bast to follow her mother's example. "I was once in pretty much toe suae fix before," Thunderbolt told them good- humouredly, though really the " fix" did not seem to on his side. It was at a Queensland station, Clermont way ; and I'd bailedJup at hands in thB store quite comfortably ; hut they were fools enough to attempt a rush, and— how many was it I shot, mate?" asked Thunderbolt, glancing through the door. "Three," replied Brown, shortly. " So yov said— I was not there." " Ah, three ;. bo it was ; three. Now, toev rould only hang me once for them three. What's more, it I was to shoot three dozen more to-night— supposing there was three dozen here to shoot— still they could only hang me once. That's where I've got the bulge, yo" see ! Thunderbolt puffed his pipe complacently. He seemed enamoured of the situation, and glad to prolong it. Suddenly, however — quits suddenly— he turned to the voung storekeeper. " You sing, mister— eh r I heard you at you came along the verandah. Give ua a song now." _ Young Miller, thongh his eye3 met toe bushranger's, saw a white foca nodding to him through the open door; and the reluctance, with which he went to the piano w&a; only feigned. Then and there he sang, to his own accompaniment, a song that feu agreeably upon Thunderbolt's ears, but sank like lead into all other hearts, save that of Thunderbolt's mate. The song ended, the bushranger Raid authoritatively ; " Give us another." YoungMillerglancedinquiringlyat Mrs. Lees, The circumstances had not quite robbed him of his English manners. Before the first song, he had asked permission in the same mute way, and received a nod. It was almost a pity she - did not confine herself to a nod this time, for it only amused the bushranger when she «\id sarcastically: " Certainly, Mr. Miller. Pray, do not be murdered for toe sake of a song ! " Miller struck np a lively jingle, reminiscent of burnt cork and the banjo, and straightway plunged into a song that purported to be comic. It was highly appreciated. Thunderbolt beat time with his spurred heels, joined in the chorus, and, at toe end rapped ont his plause upon the door-panels with toe butt-end of his pistol. He haa laughed uproariously at least once in every verse, and faint echoes from the verandah had further encouraged toe ringer. In high good-humour, the bushranger now asked Miller to play one of: toe old English : ballads. Miller got out toe book ; andasfcrang scene followed. Thunderbolt— this blood thristj desperado— stood up, revolver in band, and sang "The Lass of Richmond Hill; " more: over, he sang it with excellent expression, and in a full manly voice that only just missed being sweet info toe bargain. None of the party ever heard toe song again without re calling his singing of it. It was greeted with loud applause from toe verandah, to which Thunderbolt had turned his back while sing ing. The merry ruffian's spirits rose still higher, and he undertook to give " Tom Bowling " as a wind- up. He looked really very handsome, and taking, and good-natured , as he stood up there teamed in the doorway. The light of thelamp on toe table and of the candies in thepiano sconces foil upon his tall athletic frame and strong regular features ; Ids teeth, as his mouth opened— like a true singer's— in a perfect circle, were white and even-; and he sang that tender old song of Dibdtn's with a rough, effective tenderness of his own ; though toe revolver was in his hand and his finger on the trigger ! Never before or since, one ventures to assert, has "Tom Bowling" been rendered uader such very exceptional circumstances. It occupied some minutes. Your rough-and-ready singer's tendency is ever to overdo toe andante, this one had a particular weakness for raUen- tando. So the. song, which was snug much better than the previous song, took up Boma little time ; and when it was over, there was no applause. The leader of the applause wa a silent. There was not a sound from toe verandah. Thunderbolt turned round quickly, almost before the last note had died away, and uttered a sound that seemed to come from another throat, and a wild beast's, for it was a roar of rage. His former mate— the helplet man with the broken leg— was gone ! Thunderbolt strode out; hut only a yart from toe doer, and stood listening and peeritif through the darkness. He could see nothing) he could hear nothing. Wheeling round, ht stalked back info the room, livid and furious, and clapped his revolver to young Miller's ear. " You young hound !" he yelled, " Pw s mind to blow your brains nut where you sit I You've had a hand in this !" And Tom Bowling had not been 30 seconds . " gone aloft !" CoNCLtrsiosr. # Thunderbolt's mate heard plainly enough tht yell of rage that announced toe discovery of his v escape. _ At that moment, his crutches had carried him considerably less than two hundsect yards from toe homestead; but he smiledeom placently as he hobbled on; he felt tolerably secure. The night was as black as pitch , toe clouds had banked up for rain ; sq that, when Brown looked over his shoulder, toe outline of the station waB invisible. < Even if it was bright moonlight," muttered Brown,, as he neared toe home-paddock " even if he could see me, he daren't give chasel He knows that if he left that verandah for hall a minute, they'd be into toe store and armed to tbe teeth before he could get back. Bul l know what he'll do now ; he'll do like he done up in Queensland, when he stuck up Evelyn Down . single- handed. He'll make Sammy fetch t rope; then he'll set on one or two to bind aft the rest j and toon one of those twoTi have k bind the other ; and then Thunderbolt'R hini Aim- Then he'll ransack the place, and awai ,/-j with an hoar's start before the first man frees himself. That's what he'd have done at Evelyn Downs, if those poor doves hadn't had too much plupk and too tittle sense. That's what he's doing n©w,for that Ayrton's too cool to lose his head Or to let the others try anything on either, unl«» they were cocksure." In point of .fact, Brown was right. At that very moment Bammy, the Chinaman, was cut ting down the clothes' lines from the pine-trees behind his kitchen ! . , . It is difficult, at best, mte respectable speed npon crutches — impossible, vriien the only leg that may touch the ground haa been out of cue for weeks, and when the whole frame is weakened aid reduced by & prolonged period of inactivity. Brown got over the first mue at a good rate, considering everything ; but he paid for it before he was half-way through the second. Quite suddenly, his brain reeled, the cratches slipi>ed from under his arm- pits, he fell forward upon his hands. Instead of stunning him, the slight shock galvanised his swimming senses and clearedtiis brain ; bnt he was wise enough to slip right down for a minute's rest, in which to gather strength J3 — mmZ r» m iliA SlinaflAVI llflf) n/lfc AAfflfl miU IfifWn WW oivuwwvuf " more than a mile and a half, or a quarter of the way to the wool-shed— of this he was certain. A barter of the way, and he had already collapsed once ! The prospect of his reaching the shed at all seemed by no means certain. Even if he did succeed in getting there, could he he in time tobeof any use? Hewonld, indeed, be able to despatch prompt assistance to the prisoners at the homestead — but only to find, ho doubt, that they were prisoners no longer, and that the bushranger had got a long flyfa start. On the other hand, there were two possibilities to consider. There was the«chance of the prisoners bring Bo securely bound that it might take them tionr8 to release themselves; and the thought of Mrs. Lees and little Pen- above all of little Pen— being lacerated for hours by the binding ropes was intolerable to Brown. Then there was the chance of Thunderbolt's capture, if a hue and cry were started by the shearers, most of whom had horses in the horse-paddock out at the shed ; and the thought of that made Brown tremble with excitement. Without knowing which inoentive was the stronger, he set his teeth, dragged himself from the ground, and once more swung forward on his crutches. It was a terrible task that he had set himself —indeed, an impossible one ; hut Brown had not time to find thia out. For he had not pro ceeded a hundred yards from the spot where he had fallen, when a galloping horseman over took him. At first he thought it was Thunder bolt, crouched behind a big blue-bush at one jide of the track, set his teeth, clubbed a crutch, ind thought bitterly of his buried pistols. But \ V XI T_ mm 4-kava nraa vnof lirrtif proeil LOO UUTOJ wivac nou juov itnough to see that it was a grey ; and Thun derbolt's mount was black as ink. Besides, the rider was sitting all of a heap, and am unsteady Veap too, which put it beyond doubt that it Was not even Thunderbolt on one of the station horses. So then Brown started up as smartly as he was able and let out a loud shout ; where upon the rider— a harmless shearer, on his way home from a convivial evening in the township —nearly fell from his saddle, bnt reined np awkwardly, and showed his presence of mind by an eloquent hut indistinct set of curses. 44 Don't stop, man!" cried Brown. 44 Ride on to the woolshed for your life ! The home- ! stead's stuck up, and every soul's in Thunder bolt's hands?" "Thunderbolt ?" 44 Thunderbolt !" In an instant tbe festive shearer became quite painfully sober by comparison. He rode up close lo Brown. " Why — great Scot! you're the cove with the broken leg !" 44 Get on, man; there's not a moment to lose!" 44 But how the mischief did you get here ? CrutcheB and all, so help me !" 44 Oh, ride on, can't you?" cried Brown angrily. 44 Think of the women and the child !' The shearer sat for some seconda longer like a statue in the saddle ; then, with a forcible imprecation — but a most complimentary one to 44 the cove with the broken leg" — he dug spurs into the grey and thundered on. AndBrown sank down again behind his blue-bosh, and realised, now that it was off his shoulders, the complete impossibility of the task he had set himself — to hobble six miles on his cratches. He lay upon the ground, utterly feeble, and feeling as though a forceps had "been at work drawing every nerve and sinew out of his body. Consciousness almost forsook him ; he fell into a state of partial stupor. He was roused — it must have been an hoar later— by a a ampede of horses sweeping down he track at a gallop. It was the shearers, with William Lees fit their head. When they had /aBsed, Brown struggled up and propped himself tnce more npon his crutches, and began re- racing bis steps to the homestead. But his ( lace was considerably slower than it had been IWore. He thought he was never going to l each the home-paddock gate. At last he knew that he was near it, by hearing the double gates clatter back upon the po3ts aud a horse's hoofs thunder through. What followed occupied a few moments only. A black horse was reined up within a yard of Brown ; aud when Brown addressed the rider, taking Mm for one of the pursuers, a low, cruel laugh was the answer ; and then — a flash, a report, a horse's gallop dying away iu the dis tance ; and Thunderbolt's mate left lying in his blood, shot by Thunderbolt ! On tragic nights, each as this one, people are slow to go to bed, oven when the danger is ftVAl4 AtntMniffKf William Taq Kta txrila anri 14 »«" wmw child, and the trembling maid-servant, sat in lilence in the sitting-room, awaiting the return pf the hue and cry, which seemed certain at last to capture the notorious Thunderbolt, but Which in point of fact did no such thing. Lees at the moment was an embittered man; he, and he alone, was out of the chase ; duty had tied him to the domestic apron strings, and the action of his young men — who had joined tbe pursuers without so much as asking leave— had tightened the knots. All at once, but so silently that her parents Hardly noticed it, little Pen stole oat into the verandah. She fancied she had heard a faint crv : in the verandah, fancy became certainty, / V>rthe cry was repeated : 44 Miss Pen !" r The voice was sadly feeble, tint it was ' Brown's voice. Pen . knew . it instantly, and went Bwif tly but softly to the end of the verandah. The faint summons came yet gain : 44 MlssPeii!" The cMId roshed out, -groped for and fottnd the picket-fenoe, followed it down to the Wl(ikett went through, and almost fell over a man's prostrate form. ft Mtm Pen ! Is it really yon ?" 44 Is that really you, Brown ?" It was very, Very dark, and fine nun was falling. "Yes, miss, if s me — come back," said Brown, yery faintly. 41 I'm glad you heard me, and teme — in time. Water ! My throat is on fire." Bhe turned like lightning. He called her "diss Pen !" His voice terrified tier ; it was fainter than ever ; and he was gasping. 44 You flidn't believe— Miss Pen— I was siding with itata-uhrbt — did you F" \ 44 No, .Brown ; really and truly, I didn't believe that !" She gave him her little hand, and he pressed it to ms cold, damp lips. 44 Water!" he gasped again. Pen ran away, a great lump in her throat, a vague terror m her heart. As she neared the verandah she thought she heard a long-drawn choking righ. She burst into the room, and told her parents Brown was outside, just beyond the fence, lying down exhausted and begging for water. But before she bad told them all, the child stopped, and uttered a shrill scream ; the light of the lamp had revealed blood npon her hand ! William Lees said nothing, bat seized the water-bottle and rushed out. " He was too late. Thunderbolt's mate was dead. The reader may like to know that Thunder bolt himself never left the district alive ; the police sergeant from the township near Bilbil shot him dead within 43 hours from that mid night. But it is needless to add that there was neither comfort nor consolation in this for little Penelope Lees.— -Chambers's Jonrnal. 