SNAKE 6T0BIE8. - " THE NEWS " COMPETITION. A GREAT SUCCESS. TWENTY WONDERFUL YARNS. INGENIOUS PLOTS AND MARVHL- LOUS RESULTS. A PAGE OF EXCITING READING. THE JUDGES PERFORM A DIFFICULT TASK. NAMES OF PRIZE-WINNERS. From "The Warragnl Neics." When Mr. Stead issued the Christmas number of the " Review of Reviews," the contents of which were devoted en tirely to a recital of weird Ghost Stories, lie was sufficiently thoughtful to warn the public that " the narratives printed in these pages had better not be read by any one of tender years, of morbid ex citability, or of excessively nervous tem perament." We have been advised to publish a similar warning in respect to our Snake Stories. This, however, is hardly necessary, for although a few of tlie "yarns" may be calculated to send a thrill through the reader of " ex cessively nervous temperament," the majority of the stories are humorous and ingenious rather than blood-curdling and wildly overdrawn. They are, therefore, entertaining without being too exciting. When a few weeks ago we announced the competition and offered three prizes to the successful contributors we scarcely anticipated that the departure would prove such an unqualified success. Peo ple as a rule can " tell " a snake yarn with considerable gusto, but they are by no means so ready to " write " one. It is therefore gratifying to announce that we have received twenty contributions and that with a few exceptions they are worthy of reproduction in these columns. The pile of manuscript lias been very carefully gene through by three disin terested gentlemen — Dr. Wickens, Mr. W. H. Wilkinson, and Mr. R. Millard —and after spending many hours in determining the relative merits of the stories they have awarded the prizes as follows: — First Prize, One Guinea — Mr. W. A Thackaberry, Buln Bulii. Second Prize, 10s. — Mr. P. E. Jackson Railway Department, Warragul. Third Prize, copy of " The News " for 12 months — Mr. .J. H. Mitchell, Tarago. We desire to publicly thank the judges for the consideration and time they devoted to the task and to express the belief that both the unsuccessful com petitors and the general reader will re cognise that the gentlemen named have made a wise and judicious selection. They, of course, were not aware of the names of the writers and must therefore have been strictly impartial in their decisions. It will be seen that one story was disqualified because of tbe writei's name not being furnished iu ac cordance with the conditions, two were received too late, and two others were " not for competition." In the majority of cases the authors have asked us not to publish their names and it will be found in the following assortment that that desire has been complied with: — SNAKES AS CONVERTING MEDIUMS. (first prize.) On a sunny slope of a picturesque, though remote ravine, in the neighbor hood of the Upper Murrumbidgce, about the latter end of the fifties, lived a family named Bavcr, consisting of three sons, one daughter, and father, named respec tively, Sam, Ike and Bill, Sail and old man Bavcr. The whole family were rough uncultured bush men. noted for their dis regard and irreverence of God and fearlessness of man. They eked out an uncertain living by hunting such animals as the district furnished, alter nated by catching fish, which were abundant in the Billabuug. Now, Sam, the first-born, and by far the most hardened and fearless, had a dread foreboding that lie would be some day bitten by a snake, a reptile which was then most numerous in that far-back region. One day he had a most exciting chase after an old man kangaroo, which terminated by him bringing his quarry to earth alongside an old dry tree, shat tered and split by its own weight. Sam at once proceeded to remove the skin, and it so happened by tbe contrarieties of chance that he took up his position with his hack towards the tree. A colony of bees had taken possession of the tree, of which fact Saui was totally unaware, and one lively guardsman of the sweet home, not liking Sam's proximity, and espying the habitual rent iu his nether garment, proceeded to give him a hint to leave, by t it vni imnr Snm wltTi liie Feeling the sudden and unceremonious puncture, he sprang to his feet, fully convinced that he had at last got the dreaded snake-bite. For the hut he started as fast as mortal dread and increasing pain would let him. The dread of approaching death brought before bis mind's eye, all bis carelessness and misdeeds, and, rolling into his bunt:, he rushed off Bill to a neighboring station for a roaming parson that hap pened to be there. The Rev. Joshua Tcrwillager was noted for his straight Iiit-s and quaint appiicableuess of speech (being a Yankee), as well as for his zeal and fervour as a Christian. lie bad often called on the Bavers, but to no purpose. On his arrival at the hut, he found poor Sam thoroughly broken down and penitent, as were also the whole family. Getting j them down in devotional order, at Sam's j request, to pray for him, the Rev. Joshua i proceeded thuswise, as Mark Twain ; would say — ' O Lord, wc thank TJ bee for j our poor brother Sam's penitence : we J thank Thee that thou hast sent snakes : j we thank Thee that thou hast sent this ! tiger snake to bite Sain : and, O Lord, we pray Thee in rend one to bite Ike, and j one to bite Bill, and one to give Sail a | nip, and most earnestly, we entreat of j Thee, 0 Lord, to send the biggest kind j of snake there is to bite the old man, for, in fall assurance wc believe that nothing but tiger snakes will ever bring the Baver family to repentance." 