NOTES AND THOUGHTS ON A JOURNEY. [By Karl Van Damme, F.R.G.S] No. XXV. I have seen the most beautiful picture in the world, Raphael's great masterpiece, the Sistene Maonna. It is in the gallery of Dresden, where, by reason of its size and artistic import- ance, it occupies a room all to itself, and is placed on a stand so constructed that the light can always be regulated. The mother of God stands on a cloud, as if ascending, holding in her arms the child Jesus. Below, at the right and left, are Pope Sixtus and the holy woman, St. Bridget. In the sky are angels. The Virgin's beauty consists in the infinite goodhess and purity which the artist has depicted in her features. She is the woman any man would love, would be glad to toil for, glad to die for. And yet her love would be greater than his. The face of the infant is beautiful, though, to my mind, not so good as Mary's; but the angels are beyond all praise. Dear little things, I am sure I shall enjoy their company very much. What folly to talk of men being equal ! There never was a painter like Raphael. Here, hun- dreds of years after his death, is this materialised thought of his drawing people from every cor- ner of the earth, and every one of these people is a better man or woman for having seen it. I could not help reflecting that genius like Raphael's could not live in our atmosphere, and it must necessarily take ages and ages to pro- duce society and characters such as those of Europe, out of which minds such as his could emanate. Perhaps a thousand years, for all we know. Tourists stalk through miles of galleries, catalogue in hand, and see nothing, because there is too much. I was like the rest in this respect, perhaps worse; but the Dresden col- lection, somehow, attracted me more than any other, though even of this, I should find diffi- culty in recollecting over half-a-dozen pictures, but there is one, besides the virgin, which I cannot get out of my head. It is a small affair, just the portrait of a very old woman, with face in a thousand wrinkles, and complexion as old parchment. Yet, do you know, I could have kissed every one of those wrinkles, and folded that poor woman in my arms. Her face I shall never forget. Dresden, as everybody knows, is the capital of Saxony, with a population of 450,000, all musically inclined. They must have first-class music, otherwise they die. It is no wonder, under these circumstances, that the Opera House is the finest building of the fine city. Its charges are slightly higher than those we are used to in Australia, though not so high as in the larger capitals of Europe. The opera we heard was "The Jewess." The music having just commenced when we arrived, we were obliged to stand in the background until the act was over, the idea of anybody taking his seat whilst the performance was proceeding being entirely out of the question. A Madame Wittich was the prima donna, and sang her part in most enchanting notes, but the great merit of the whole play consisted in its completeness, evervone and everything being first class. "Look here," said one of my friends, " why should we not have opera like this in America? If I were a manager I would import the whole lot." "My dear fellow,'' replied another, "to produce anything like this, you would have to import the audience as well. I never saw such rapt attention in my life." No more did I. It seemed as if the large building with its pit, parterre, galleries, and five circles had been jacked with connoisseurs. Grand opera, however, does not always pay, even in the most appreciative town. Singers are exacting, and do not invariably prove as good draw as, in their own estimation, they ought to. The directors of this Opera House have therefore come to a very practical under- standing with King John. If the season is good, and results in a profit, he gets nothing. If, on the other hand, it should turn out bad, and end in a loss, he pays it out of his own pocket. I never heard of anything fairer than that. The principal excursion from Dresden is to that part of Saxony near the Bohemian frontier which goes by the name of Saxon Switzerland and is probably the most romantic piece of landscape which this globe of ours has got to show, hills crowned with fortresses and burghs, waterfalls, pellucid streams, wealth of forest, moss-grown rocks, mysterious vistas, and villages unchanged since the earliest middle ages. Walking in their tortuous lanes and queer old squares, amid strange houses, which surely, despite of all their comfortable nooks, must be tenanted by ghosts of long-forgotten times, and meeting with people of quaint cos- tumes and manners, one wonders if it be real life or but a German legend and delusion. Lots of travellers remain in this wonderland for a season, and, as already mentioned in my previous letter, three of my friends determined to stay. Such pictures, music and scenery as Dresden and its environs offer, should not be hurried over. Besides, the daily life of this city is full of enjoyment. Only to take a cup of tea on some terrace overhanging the Elbe, with music and view for nothing, is a perfect treat in itself. Add to all these advantages an excellent hotel, quite a palace, not very dear, and always as if prepared for some grand festivity. The feet sank on splendid carpets, enormous mirrors reflected your form amidst exotic plants and trea- sures of Dresden china. My own room was elegant and well situated. I had simply to reduce the quantity of bedclothes by one bolster, two pillows, one silken counterpane and two featherbeds, in order to make every thing exactly to my taste. And now for Frankfort, another fine city, another beautiful river, and the best railway station in the world, bar none. Yes, this station is absolutely without a rival, either in size, convenience, or appearance. The building is a palatial structure. The trains do not come alongside the grand platform, but up to it, along other platforms, or piers, joining the first at right angles. Between these piers, of course, are the trains, and the impression is as of so many avenues, all in straight order, this one leading to Rome, that to Paris, the next, to Hamburg, and so on through a large number. You see your way at a glance, and the Berlin avenue is sure to have a train for Berlin at the appointed time. The convenience of this ar- rangement will be understood by every travel- ler. "Other side," "through the subway." over the second bridge," aud all that sort of bother is here unknown, and enormous though the traffic be, there is neither excitement nor confusion about it. It was the Electrical Exhibition we had come to see, as being a unique and interesting affair such as any person will have few opportunities of witnessing. All sorts and shapes of machines were at work, and I would gladly have essayed a description but for my ignorance of mechanics, humiliating as it is to confess. Some machines were larger than any I have seen, others almost microscopical, and I was proud to see some magnificent English exhibits. Of my own coun- try, Sweden, I only noticed a process of tanning by electricity in 48 hours, as perfect as two years ordinary tanning would accomplish. I saw the leather only, not the process; and it certainly looked and felt very excellent. As a show of light and coloring, the exhibition was marvellously grand, and I would have called it the finest thing imaginable in these respects had I not so recently seen the illuminations at Peterhof, which surpassed it by about a thousand to one. ' I saw the house of the Red Shield, the original residence and still the head- quarters of the Rothschild family, the story of whose fortune is like a tale in the Arabian Nights. Mayer Ansehn Rothschild, who died in 1812 worth a million pounds sterling, was a money lender who acquired fame for his probity and intelli- gence. On his death-bed he entrusted his for- tune to his five sons, exacting from them an oath of mutual harmony and union, which oath has never been broken, each Rothchild's busi- ness and treasures forming a compact to protect the whole. It was Nathan Rothschild who was at Waterloo and dogged Wellington's footsteps until that commander threatened to hang him if he did not clear out, and when Napoleon's re- treat had begun, Nathan was off to the coast on the fleetest horse that money could buy. A storm was raging on the sea, and no sailor would venture across. In vain the traveller offered a hundred francs, never a fisherman was willing to take it. He raised his offer to a thousand, with no better result. With each refusal the offer rose, and when it reached the sum of two thousand five hundred francs there was one strong fellow who could withstand temptation no longer. Both staked their lives: but at sunset Rothschild was in England. The next morning he appeared on 'Change, and those who saw his face as gloomy as that of an ancient prophet, read therein disaster and irreparable loss. On that day what a fall was there in British stock ! Down, down, and further down they went, and still Roths- child continued to sell. He had a start of eight and forty hours. Not until then came the news of Wellington's victory and Napoleon's ruin, and not until then did it transpire, that the anxious seller had, through a secret agent, pur- chased every parcel thai was offered. As by a touch of electricity, the sharemarket revived, stocks rose to higher price than ever before, and Rothschild cleared several millions by his two days' work. As it was at Waterloo, so it is always. The Rothschilds have the first in- formation. They were known to use carrying pigeons and fast sailing vessels, and to write in cipher, long before the eventful day which made their fortune the largest in the world. In their extraordinary clearness of judgment, they have often dared when other financiers funked, and Nathan's purchase of Wellington's drafts, when the British Govcnment were unable to meet them, as well as his accommodating re- newals of the same, are matters of history. What the Rothschild fortune is, nobody knows. We know this much, however, that thrones and princes have come down, banks and financiers have gone by the hundreds, States have become bankrupt, and the Bank of Eng- land itself has, at times, required substantial aid ; but never in the worst of panics, when dis- trust and anxiety have been universal, did the Rothschilds cease for a moment their business of lending and paying, never was a whisper heard implying doubt as to the resources of the house. In the terrible year of '43 they were heavy losers, similarly in '70, and only re- cently Gustave de Rothschild lost a sum of five million pounds. But these losses; though well known, caused no alarm. They did not even interrupt the ever continuing enlargement of the capital of the firm. There are by this time, I was told, over seventy partners, and not one of this number is a fool. Still the advice of the founder is the rule by which they go. Still the compact is kept, which the five sons of Mayer Anselm swore to, as they stood gathered around their father's deathbed. From Frankfort we travelled by rail to Mayence, passing through many celebrated towns and cities, and observing everywhere the orderly behavior of the people. Indeed, the rough element was absent, and wherever a crowd was seen, it seemed composed of respectable persons, well dressed, cheerful and polite. At Mayence we took steamer in the morning and passed the day on the Rhine, that trip so coveted by tourists. It was a day of perfect enjoyment. Of the many castles we passed, one of the most picturesque is owned by the Empress. Frederick, who has restored the legendary pile to its former glory, and once entertained her mother, Queen Victoria, there. As we ap- proached the Loreley rock, I called the atten- tion of my fellow travellers thereto, but they seemed to take scant notice, until when just arriving at the spot a splendid quar- tette improvised by some of the Ger- man passengers, burst out in the weird melody of Heine, wherein everybody, both ladies and gentlemen, joined in the inspiration of the moment. Then my friends rushed up to me wanting to know all about the Loreley, and I had to tell the strange story over again. A gentleman who spoke English well was of great assistance to us in the choosing of wines for dinner; and, of course, we tried the well-known brands of Rhineland. One, called Bodenbach, was only a shilling a bottle, and remarkably good. It went well with salmon. As he left, at a place where the steamer touched, he in- vited the four of us to pass a few days at his place, which he described as highly romantic, but we had to decline, having already arranged to stay at Cologne, whither we went and ar- rived in the evening. That city is celebrated for many things, its cathedral, said to be the grandest structure on earth, as I believe it is ; its perfumes, its stinks, and the finest street in Europe, the Ringstrasse. The latter is new, very wide, with avenues of trees,its immense length on both sides, being occupied by palatial buildings, all of uniform height, generally five stories, of exquisite architecture, and no two alike. I cer- tainly do not know of any street equal to it, unless it be the Thames embankment, from Blackfriars to Westminster, which possesses the advantage of water front and a wider vista but has some flaws, which the Ringstrasse has not. The cathedral is overpowering in its grandeur, and inspires you with religious feel- ings as you enter, its proportions vast, and everything about it intensely ecclesias- tical. There was no lack of worship- pers either. The construction of this church occupied eight centuries, with some in- terruptions, though, but I do not think its design can ever have been altered, for a more harmonious whole it would be impossible to form. It would be better for more space to stand in, as one's neck gets out of joint through his having to look straight up to catch the spires. As for the perfumes of Cologne they are in full evidence, there being ever so many shops rejoicing in thenaine of Jean Maria Farina, and selling nothing but Eau-de-Cologne. The stinks I missed completely, and forgot to in- quire about them until much too late, but I was solemnly assured they were all there yet and if anything, in greater strength and reputation than ever. (To be continued.) 