THE HOUSEHOLD. ! , ? ? . i Sicit-nooM Cookery.— This (says ' A Lady of Scot land,' writing in tho Agricultural Gazette) is a branch of the culinary art that differs, in some essontinls, from the rules that guide the ordinary cook. For the sick everything must bo seasoned with a sparin' lrnNd, for spices and condiments, that would provoke tho appetite in a healthy subject, will prove distaste ful to a sickly one, and even aggravnto certain dis nwrlowa T.iHln aiinnv n lionlnlnl *- /-» mlf r. ? ? wouuiuvvij: UXJ CUU, UUU if at nil, in the smallest pioportion, ib tho rule; the exception must bo in cases nbero the nurse, of her own knowledge, or acting under the doctor's orders, is certain no linrm will follow. A weakened appetite soon turns against 11 too frequent repetition of the same food, aud it lies with tlio nurse to contrive some hnrmloss noveltv to tempt it. While, therefore, sho must attend strictly to the prescribed quantities of medicine, sho may exercise her own discretion ns to food, provided she has somo acquaintance with the effects of tho different, kinds 011 the human body. VuoETAiii.r.s are rnrely suitable for invalids ; stowed fruits, 011 tho contrary, are medicinal, and often highly beneficial. Authorities differ greatly in their estimate of starchy foods, sonio of them holding they are in no sense nutritions, and, if taken alone, must load to starvation. Miss Nightingale has said of arrowroot ' that, it is only useful as a vehicle for administering wino but, 011 tlio other hand, pooplo liavo been known to live for a month at, a time onliroly 011 arrowroot and water, and been grateful lo starchy food ever after. Arrowroot and corn Hour are now believed to ho most useful agents in tho sick room; whilo there are so many preparations of invalid food, each with peculiar properties of thoir own, t.lio intelligent liurso need bo at 110 loss to vary tier patient's diet. But high on the list of invalids food must, bo placed oatmeal gruel, llio strengthening properties of which are but imperfectly understood, and certainly descrvo to be bettor known. In 0110 caso of extreme weakness, whero the patient was to all appearanco sinking, three tablespoonfuls of oatmeal gruel, lo which was added medicinally, ono spoonful of spirit, given every two hours, workud such a wonderful change for the hotter as to astonish tho medical attendant, and lead him to commit, what had been an almost liopo less case, to tho nurso — with the remark, ' Just go 011 with your nursing.' Gruel is made thus: Put five tablespoonfuls of oatmeal— less or more ns it is wanted thick or thin— and mix to a liquid pasto with cold water ; then stir it into a pint and a half or two pints of boiling water and strain through a sieve uiusu ttiiun^ii tu nccp uiiuit tin i.jiu uuu lu in ail enamelled saucepan till about the thickness of good cream. If properly made and sufficiently boiled, it will get thicker as it cools. Plain or raspberry vinegar, spirits, sugar, salt, or even a littlo butter may bo added. Beep-tea is so well-known ns to need no recom mendation, yet inexperienced peoplo nro sometimes at a loss in settingabout tho making of it. One ounce of beef to Bix tabjespoonfuls of water is a proper pro portion for good boof tea. Cut tho meat into dice ; put it. into a stewpan, and add cold water in tho above proportion. Lot it stand n-way from the tiro for 10 minutes, lis certain parts of beof nro only soluble in cold water ; then put it to heat very gradually, and at last boil it 10 minutes. Chickks for soup should bo boiled six hours in a covered stone jar Eot into a pan of boiling water. Gelatine added lo beef-tea, or chicken soup, makes it more nourishing, and also makes a cliango for the patient. Soak 4oz. of it in j pint of cold water ; add to it a cupful of beef-tea or chicken soup, and stir it over tlio fire till the gelatine is quite dissolved ; when cold it will bo a firm jolly, almost. ns good. as calf's-foot. jelly, and madewith much less trouble. Hestorative Jf.i.i.y.- — Put loz. isinglass, i dozen cloves, loz. pounded gum arnbie, 2oz. sugar, nnd ^- pint of the best medicinal poll wine into a bowl ; lot the mixture stand covered ovor fora night ; then put the liowl into a saucepan of boiling water, and stand it lienr the fire till tlio isinglass and gum arabie are quito dissolved ; pour through a piece of muslin, let it stand till cool, and then. cut it up into squares. Baui.ey-wateii is 0110 of the best dihionts in any febrile disorder, or while a patient is under blistor. When barley, in any shape, is given to an invalid, it should first bo soaked in boiling water to remove the acid. In making barley-water, it should simmer -for an hour. A handful of raisins boiled in it makes a more ; palatable drink, whilo it is no less whole some. vC'i!EAM op Bari.ey is a cooling and nourishing form of food, and may bo safely given in feverish attacks. Cut: up half-pound of lenn veal, put it in a saucepan with a pint of cold water, and add two ounces of barley previously soaked 111 boiling walor. Boil together for six hours, adding a little water as it wastes. Pound tho whole in a mortar, and nib it through the tammy sieve with the liquor. — Invalid Custard. — Tho yolks of two eggs and tho while of one, heal en up wit h a cupful of milk, put into a buttered teacup, and steam ten minutes. ? The Value op the Onion.— While tlio onion stands at a disadvantage among vegetables on account of its pronounced and not wholly agreeable odour, it is, doubtless, ono of tho most valuable and healthful products of the garden. This value is not confined to its use as ail article of diet, since tho efficiency of onion poultices in cases of croup and similar diseases are too well known to need repetition. Tho roasted heart of Bn onion, placed in the ear as hot as it can he borne, will often relievo cases of earache when other roinedios fuil, and a very excellent cough syrup is mndo by putting one half cup of minced onions into a cup each of vinegar nnd molasses, simmering 011 tho stovo for half 1111 hour, and then straining. A toa spoonful of this syrup taken frequently will relievo severe cases of cough nnd hoarseness. It is claimed that onions, as 1111 article of food, nro excellent blood purifiers, greatly improving the complexion, and, of courso, entirely hnnnless. As a nervine, tlioy nro vory bonefioinl, either cooked or raw, and, if eaten in tho natural state, the addition of a littlo salt or pepper makes tlioin 111010 palatable. Tlio largo imported variety are rnueh loss pungent and disugreeablo to the taste than smaller mil ivo growth, but equally efficient in remedial action. The Attic. — Nothing is more discouraging to a good housekeeper than to move into a houso with a neglected attic where tlio diSbris of all tlio previous housekeepers has beon allowed to collect. It is i in possible to caloulnto how much dust and uiiwholo somoness drifts down through the house from such n neglected spot as this. A good housekeeper lias no such noglectod spots. Her house cleniiing does not begin with the storey under tho attic, but with the attic itself. There are ghosts enough in a forgotton attio to furnish a volume of mysteries. It is not. an uncommon thing for peoplo to consign to the attio their worn-ont shoes, theircast-olf bonnets and bats, l.heir decrepit fiiEint nro which has passed usefulness, all their old belongings, in prospect perhaps of some general resurrection day which never comes. They move away and another, tenant comos, who foilnu's tlio exnmple which bus been set by his pre decessor. Thus debris and dust, and the iniwhole-. sameness that come with Uienv accumulate.'. There is nothing more absurd that Ibis practice of hoarding up trash.- Tlio attic of a houso should he' kopt as clear ns possible from all nrtioles which are not rof positive value, in order that it may be I'roely dusted and .swept' liko any oilier port ion; of tho house.. A '-single' woollen:- garment - or old word hut, may. alone bring -moths onongh lo infest a whole houso if left neglected in the garret; Let allics ho kept clean. and cellars, dry if yoiu ospov.t to live :in 11 wholesome house. Autumn ..'Preserves —German IIecipes.— Boars in vinegar : Winter Berga mot. or other small pears uiiist lie peeled smooth, leaving 011 tlio si ems, and litlier loft-whole or halved and the kerne's taken out. -To '-every pound of pears. allow- half .a' pint of vinegar, ' (loz: of sugar, a st'ek of .cinnamon, nnd a dozen cloves. Bail these Ingredients a feiv-'niinwt«s,,lhon.l:ty..in:.lHs pears, and let . t hem simmer till -a pin -goes oasily'- through- -tlii'iii; hut 'Hot.1 . lung . enough to soften I lieni. Take out the peai--, dram I hem on n sieve, and lay litem in the jars. Hull down the syrup thicker, nnd wln-n .colli pour it over the fruit. .Should Iho syrup In-come lliin in 11 few days,'1 boil it. over again. ? Quince cakes : Buil . the quinces 'whole,; wilhunt peolingllieni, Idlqnilo soft.; 'thou peel 'and core lliein. Work Ihe pulp through a course sieve. ' Allow lib. of -sugar .'to lib. of -. .fruit! ? Moisten tlio sugar wii h a litl'e water, and- boil it until beads form ; I lien pur in the fruil, and hull this, with constant 'stirring, to a stiff', smqoili jam. Make little travs of while paper, fill I hem half an inch thick Willi llio fruit, and put lliem to dry in a cool oven, or spread tho muss out thin 011 plates, and when somen lint dried set tliciu lo get. eolil. Gut the fruit into any small pliapes. ? Those dried on pnper nro removed by dipping tho paper into cold water. Quince jelly : Choose quinces I hat are quite ripe nnd yellow, wash and wipe, but do not peel I hem. Slice thorn and take out Ihe kernels, put the slices in an earthen preserving pan, shako, and press thorn doivn ; pour in boilitie water, enough bnroly to cover tlio fruit., boil it until tlio colour deepens and il oocoinea quito soft, then pour it into a jelly bag, or press tlio fruit through a napkin and fino sievo. In either case the juice muet bo filtered three times, till it runs quite clear; llion add Jib. of sugar to lib. of liuee, and boil until it thickens to a clear syrup, nnd forms a hanging network on a silver spoon dipped in. Fill small glasses, and tie tliein ovor tlio next day. — Queen, 