A SERMON FOR YOUNG PEOPLE- Ac On last Sunday ereniug a special service - for young men aud women was conducted bv j the Her.. A. H. Edgar, who took for his text 1ft Kin«rsf 13th chap., 2nd verse.' "And j he cried a^ahist the altar in the word of the Lord, and said, O altar, altar ; thus saith the i Lord, behold, a child shall be born unto-the house of David, Joaah bv name, and upon thee *huil he offer the priests of the high .ru5 ^urn Accuse upon thee," etc. rev, gentleman said,*4as you are aware thc£e words were uttered against the built by King: Jereboam to the worship of idojs in the land of Israel. After the death of bolouion, ten of the tribes revolted from the cruel tyranny of Iteboboam, and set up a separate Kingdom, making Jereboain uicir king. He at once . determined to follow strange gods, and here we find him reariug an altar and Assuming the functions of a priest* He was however awcstricken by the stronir clear notes of a prophet of the Lord sent to de nounce his idolatory, and in the midst of his altar ministrations he heard the solemn words of the text. Three hundred years after . .Tosiah was born the kingdoms of JodflliandTsrnql Ti«d settled down to the worship of idols, and their demoralisation was complete.' The two tribes of the kingdom of Israel had been carried away into Assyria, and the land was groaning under the burden of its people's «us. At this Juncture a great reformer was raised up, Josiah by name. He was one of the greatest iind best kings of Judah. His father Amnion- was the worst. 3Iauassah, his grandfather, was a vile uian in the ex treme, although at the last he repented and made amends in part for his criminal past. Hezekiah, the father of 3£anassah, was a man renowned for his virtue and God-like quali ties. So history repeats itself. "Sous of good men often turn out to be scoundrels, and children of the vilest j prove to be the most virtuous. Let the young people take note that the influence of a pious home, the earnest prayers and holv j example of godly parents will avail but little i unless they determine to turn aside from evil' ways and vicious associations and do the right, seeking the mercy of God through Christ, and the help of the Holy Spirit. Let I it also be an encoura«jemwnt to any whose life is the reverse ofinoust and whose parents ! are anything but good, that such need not I stand in the way of virtue and goodness. ' Tou znay win God in your generation aud ! become a blessing to all about you." The ! preacher took occasion to protest asraiust the i common practice of pointing the "finger of scorn at those whose conduct was at variance with the example of Christian parents and inferring that there must be something out of joint in the pro fession of religiou. He (the preacher) affirmed that the vast majority* of the men ! and women who were influencing public i opinion in the right direction to-day, had i l«arned their lessons of puritv, and laid the! foundations of their influence in Christian homes. u There will always be a remnant who will rearaltars to Baal and provoke God by their wicked works. The example of Josiah may .stimulate those who meet with discouragement at home and abroad. "What was possible for him to do is <jnite possible for any young man to-day, serve the Lord without turning to the right hand or the left AtS years of age Josiah was left fatherless! As far as his moral character was concerned, a great gain surely. Theiiation was as sin ful as could be. The courtiers were of tlie vilest cliaractor. Tliis much was in his favor: Bad men in old times as now do not appreciate the company of children. There us something in innocent childhood that disturbs their revelry, and so the child J usiah was handed over to his mother who*e name signified the "beloved of God." Her teaching was such that at 15 years of a-e -Josiah announced himself in the presence of the corrupt court of Judali, as a follower of Jehovah. He openly, and with "real courage, declared that he would Lave no thing to do with the religion that had been substituted, for that- of the God of his fitlier -David. U e have the spectaide of a lad, 1C years old, defying the great and mighty of Jus kingdom, taking the consequences of a bold attempt to call back a whole nation to the service of the living G<Jd. So firmly did he maintain his decision, that four years after, lie had gathered about him strength enough to break down every idol in the land, destroy the temples, defile the altars, and exterminate the priests of the iuiquitous system of Baal worship. At 24 years ot age, Josiah by his acts had placed himself in tile foremost rank as a social and religious reformer. The preacher urged upon the J'ounjr present to make decision for God at once if tliej" ever intended to make their mark in the world. He pointed out that there were great reforms demanding the attention of youn people, and if they wasted their youth iS sinful indulgences they need not expect to make up for the lost time by-and-bve. , ere were many Baal altars to be thro wn down. .Society needs strong, courageous hearts to put the wrongs found in it ri^ht. Our fathers have done much, but a ""rcat deal more needs to he done. It is useless for men to cry down the agitations iu so ciety all over the world to-day. It may be regarded as an easy way to relieve the con science by talking about the fanaticism of people who are being blindly led into troublo turough bad leaders, but men won't he led unless they feel they have sound reasons for complaint, and thev must be heard. The preacher- said" there were dark days a head, and unless our young men applied themselves with "reater seriousness than they were doinsr, the° cloud would burst upon them, and their destruc tion would be terrible. People even-where were appealing that their rights should be respected. Their right of life, of liberty, of brotherhood. "\Ve all admit those, but a mere glance about us is enough to convince us that somehow these rights as God intends them are not possessed by multitudes. Onlv the: spirit ofChrist can rightly adjust tliefi matters, let our young, in the spirit of .Josiah, filled with the Holy Ghost, rise up agunst the polntions of the heart, home, the oflice^ the shop, the factory ; the greed, the selhshness, the unchastity of the present a-e and the world will soon be what our Saviour wants it to be, God-serving, brother-loving, prosperous and praverful. 