CHAPTER III. " What's the matter, Tom Bruce ?" said the father, eyeing him with surprise. " Matter enough," responded the young giant, with a grin of mingled awe and delight ; " the Jibbenainosay is up again !" " Whar ?" cried the senior, eagerly,—"not in our limits ?" " No, by Jehoshaphat," replied Tom ; " but nigh enough to be neighborly,—on the north bank of Kentuck, whar he has left his mark right in the middle of the road, as fresh as though it war but the work of the morning !" " And a clear mark, Tom ?—no mistake in it ?' " Right to an iota !" said the young man :— " a reggelar cross on the breast, and a good tomahawk dig right through the skull ; and a long-legg'd fellow, too, that looked as though , he might have fou't old Sattan himself ?" " It's the Jibbenainosay, sure enough ; and so good luck to him !" cried the commander ; " thar's a harricane coming !" " Who is the Jibbenainosay ?" demanded Forrester. " Who ?" cried Tom Bruce : " Why, Nick,— Nick of the Woods." " And who, if you please, is Nick of the Woods ?" " Thar," replied the junior, with another grin, " thar, stranger, you're too hard for me. Some think one thing, and some another ; but thar's many reckon he's the devil." " And his mark, that you were talking of in such mysterious terms,—what is that ?" " Why, a dead Injun, to be sure, with Nick's mark on him—a knife-cut, or a brace of 'em, over the ribs in the shape of a cross. That's the way the Jibbenainosay marks all the meat of his killing. It has been a whole year now since we h'ard of him." " Captain," said the elder Bruce, " you don't seem to understand the affa'r altogether ; but if you were to ask Tom about the Jibbenainosay till doomsday, he could tell you no more than he has told already. You must know, that's a creatur' of some sort or other that ranges the woods round about our station h'yar, keeping a sort of guard over as like, and killing all the brute Injuns that ar' onlncky enough to come in his way, besides scalping them and marking them with his mark. The Injuns call him Jibbenainosay, or a word of that natur', which them that know more about the Injun gabble than I do say means the Spirit-that-walks ; and if we can believe any such lying devils as Injuns (which I am loth to do, for the truth ar'n't in 'em), he is neither man nor beast, but a great ghost or devil that knife cannot harm nor bullet touch ; and they have always had an idea that our fort h'yar in partickelar, and the country round about, war under his friendly protection—many thanks to him, whether he be a devil or not ; for that war the reason the savages so soon left off a worrying of us." " Is it possible," said Roland, " that anyone can believe such an absurd story ?" " Why not ?" said Bruce, stoutly. " Thar's the Injuns themselves, Shawnees, Hurons, Delawares and all—but partickelarly the Shawnees, for he beats all creation a-killing of Shawnees—that believe in him, and hold him in such etarnal dread, that thar's scarce a brute of 'em has come within 10 miles of the station h'yar this three y'ar ; because as how, he haunts about our woods h'yar in partickelar, and kills 'em wheresomever he catches 'em—especially the Shawnees, as I said afore, against which the creatur' has a most butchering spite ; and there's them among the other tribes that call him Shawneewannaween, or the Howl of the Shaw- nees, because of his keeping them ever a-howl- ing. And thar's his marks, captain—what do you make of that ? When you find an Injun lying scalped and tomahawked, it stands to reason thar war something to kill him." " Ay, truly," said Forrester ; " but I think you have human beings enough to give the credit to, without referring it to a supernatural one." " Strannger," said Big Tom Bruce the younger, with a sagacious nod, " when you kill an Injun yourself. I reckon — meaning no offence—you will be willing to take all the honor that can come of it, without leaving it be scrambled after by others. Thar's no man 'arns a scalp in Kentucky, without taking great pains to show it to his neighbors." " And besides, captain," said the father, very gravely, " thar are men among us who have see the creatur' !" " That," said Roland, who perceived his new friends were not well pleased with his incredu- lity, " is an argument I can resist no longer." " Thar war Ben Jones, and Sam Sharp and Peter Small-eye, and a dozen more, who all had a glimpse of him stalking through the woods, at different times ; and, they agree, he looks more like a devil nor a mortal man—a great tall fellow, with horns and a hairy head like a buffalo-bull, and a little devil that looks like a black b'ar, that walks before him to point out the way. He war always found in the deepest forests, and that's the reason we call him the Nick of the Woods ; wharby we mean Old Nick of the Woods ; for we hold him to be the devil, though a friendly one to all but the Injuns. Now, captain, I war never superstitious in my life—but I go my death on the Jibbenainosay ! I never seed the creatur' himself, but I have seen, in my time, two diffe- rent savages of his killing. Its a sure sign, if you see him in the woods, there's Injuns at hand ; and it's a good sign when you find his mark without seeing himself, for then you may be sure the brutes are off—for they can't stand old Nick of the Woods no how ! At first, he war never h'ard of afar from our station ; but he has begun to widen his range. Last year he left his marks down Salt River in Jeffer- son ; and now, you see, he is striking game north of the Kentucky ; and I've h'ard of them that say he kills Shawnees even in their own country ; though consarning that I'll not be so partickelar. No, no. Captain, thar's no mistake in Nick of the Woods ; and if you are so minded, we will go and h'ar the whole news of him. But I say, Tom," continued the Ken- tuckian, as the three left the porch together, " who brought the news ?" " Captain Ralph—Roaring Ralph Stackpole," replied Tom Bruce, with a knowing and humorous look. " What !" cried the father, in sudden alarm ; " Look to the horses, Tom !" " I will," said the youth, laughing ; " it war no sooner known that Captain Ralph war among us, than it was resolved to have six Regulators in the range, all night ! That's some of these new colts (not to speak of our own creaturs), and especially that blo ??? brown beast of the captain's, which the nigger calls Brown Briery, or some such name, would set a better man than Roaring Ralph Stock- pole's mouth watering." " And who," said Roland, " is Roaring Ralph Stockpole ? and what has he to do with Brown Briareus ?" " A proper fellow as ever you saw," replied Tom, approvingly—" killed two Injuns once single handed, on Bear-Grass, and has stolen more horses from them than ar' another man in Kentucky. A prime creatur' ! but he has his fault, poor fellow, and sometimes mistakes a Christian's horse for an Injun's, thar's the truth of it !" " And such scoundrels you make officers of ?" demanded the soldier, indignantly. " Oh," said the elder Bruce, " thar's no regular commission in the case. But whar thar's a knot of our poor folks of horses, and inclined to steal a lot from the Shawnees (which is all fa'r plunderiug, you see, for thar's not a horse among them, the brutes, that they did not steal from Kentucky), they send for Roaring Ralph, and make him their captain ; and a capital one he is, too, being all fight from top to bottom ; and as for the stealing part, thar's no one can equal him. But, as Tom says, he sometimes does make mistakes ; having stolen horses so often from the Injuns he can scarce keep his hands off a Christian's, and that makes us wrathy." By this time the speakers had reached the gate of the fort, and passed among the cabins outside, where they found a throng of the villagers surrounding the captain of horse- thieves, and listening with great edification to, and deriving no little amusement from, his account of the last achievement of the Jib- benainosay. Of this, as it related no more than the young Bruce had already repeated — namely, that while riding that morning from the north side, he had stumbled upon the corpse of an Indian, which bore all the marks of having been a late victim to the wandering demon of the woods—we shall say nothing ; but the appearance and conduct of the narrator, one of the first, and perhaps the parent, of the race of men who have made Salt River so renowned in story, were such as demand a less summary notice. He was stout, bandy-legged, broad-shouldered, bull- headed, ugly, and had a villainous look ; yet with an impudent, swag- gering, joyous self-esteem traced in every feature, and expressed in every action of body, that rather disposed the beholder to laugh than to be displeased at his appearance. An old blanket or wrap-rascal, once white, but now of the same muddy brown hue that stained his visage—and once also of sufficient length to defend his legs, though the skirts had long since been transferred to the cuffs and elbows, where they appeared in huge patches—covered the upper part of his body ; while the lower boasted a pair of buckskin breeches and leather wrappers somewhat its junior in age, but its rival in mud and macu- lation. An old round fur hat, intended originally for a boy, and only made to fit his head by being split in sundry places at the bottom, thus leaving a dozen yawning gaps, through which, as through the chinks of a lattice, stole out as many stiff bunches of black hair, gave to the capital excrescence an air as ridiculous as it was truly uncouth ; which was not a little increased by the absence of one side of the brim, and by a loose fragment of it hang- ing down on the other. To give something martial to an appearance in other respects so outlandish and ludicrous, he had his rifle, and other usual equipments of a woodsman, in- cluding the knife and the tomahawk ; the first of which he carried in his hand, swinging it about at every moment, with a vigour and apparent carelessness well fitted to discompose a nervous person, had any such happened among his auditors. As if there was not enough in his figure, visage, and attire, to move the mirth of beholders, he added to other attrac- tions a variety of gestures and antics of the most extravagant kinds, dancing, leaping, and dodging about, clapping his hands and cracking his heels together, with the activity, restless- ness, and, we may add, the grace, of a jumping jack. Such was the worthy, or unworthy, son of Salt River, a man wholly unknown to his history, though not to local and traditional fame, and much less to the then inhabitants of Bruce's Station, to whom he related his news of the Jibbenainosay, with that emphasis and im- portance of tone and manner which are most significantly expressed in the phrase of " laying down the law." As soon as he saw the commander of the station approaching, he cleared the throng around him, by a skip and a hop, seized the colonel by the hand, and, doing the same with the soldier, before Roland could repel him, as he would have done, " Glad to see you, cunnel ;—same to you, stranger—What's the news from Vir- ginnie ? Stranger, my name's Ralph Stack- pole, and I'm a ring- tailed squealer !" " Then, Mr Ralph Stackpole, the ringtailed squealer," said Roland, disengaging his hand, " be so good as to pursue your business, without regarding or taking any notice of me." " 'Tarnal death to me !" cried the captain of horse thieves, indignant at the rebuff, " I'm a gentleman, and my name's Fight ! Foot and hand, tooth and nail, claw and mud-scraper, knife, gun and tomahawk, or any other way you choose to take, I'm your man ! Cock-a- doodle-doo !" And, with that, the gentleman jumped into the air, and flapped his wings, as much to the astonishment of the provoker of his wrath, as of any other person present. " Come, Ralph," said the commander of the station, " whar'd' you steal that brown mar' thar ?" a question whose abruptness somewhat quelled the ferment of the man's fury, while it drew a roar of laughter from the lookers-on. " Thar it is !" said he, striking an attitude, and clapping a hand on his breast, like a man who felt his honor unjustly assailed. " Steal ! I steal any horse but an Injun's ? Whar's the man dar's insinivate that ? Blood and massa- cree ation ! whar's the man ?" " H'yar," said Bruce, very composedly. " I know the old mar' belongs to Peter Harper, on the north side." " Your right, by Hooky !" said Roaring Ralph ; at which admission of his knavery the merriment of the spectators was greatly in- creased ; nor was it much lessened when the fellow proceeded to aver that he had borrowed it, and that with the express stipulation that it should be left at Bruce's station, subject to the orders of its owner. " Thar, cunnel," said he, " tha's the beast ; take it ; and just tell the one you mean to lend me,—for I must be off afore sunset." " And whar are you going ?" asked Bruce. " To St. Asaph's,"—which was a station some 20 or 30 miles off,—replied Captain Stackpole. " Too far for the Regulators to follow, Ralph," said Colonel Bruce ; at which the young men present laughed louder than ever and eyed the visitor in a way that seemed both to dis- concert and offend him. " Cunnel," said he, " you're man in authority, and my superior officer wharfo' thar' can be no scalping between us. But my name's Tom Dowdle, the ragman !" he screamed, suddenly skipping into the thickest of the throng, and sounding a note of defiance ; " my name's Tom Dowdle, the ragman, and I'm for any man that insults me ; long-leg or leather-breeches, green-shirt or blanket-coat, land-trotter or river-roller—I'm the man for a massacree !" Then giving himself to twirl upon his foot, that would have done credit to a dancing- master, he proceeded to other antic demonstrations of hostility, which, when per formed in after years on the banks of the Lower Mississippi, by him and his worthy imitators, were, we suspect, the cause of their receiving the name of the mighty alligators. It is said, by naturalists, of this monstrous reptile, that he delights, when the returning warmth of spring has brought his fellows from their holes, and placed them basking along the banks of a swampy lagoon, to dart into the centre of the expanse, and challenge the whole field to combat. He roars, he blows the water from his nostrils, he lashes it with his tail, he whirls round and round, churning the water into foam, until having worked himself into a proper fury, he darts back again to the shore to seek an antagonist. Had the gallant captain of horse-thieves boasted the blood, as he after- wards did the name, of an " alligator half- breed," he could scarcely have conducted him- self in a way more worthy of his parentage. He leaped into the centre of the throng, where, having found elbow-room for his purpose, he performed the gyration mentioned before, fol- lowing it up by other feats expressive of his hostile humour. He flapped his wings and crowed till every chanticleer in the settlement replied to the note of battle ; he snorted and neighed like a horse ; he bellowed like a bull ; he barked like a dog ; he yelled like an Indian ; he whined like a panther ; he howled like a wolf, until one would have thought he was a living menagerie, comprising within his single body the spirit of every animal noted for its love of conflict. Then, not content with such a display of readiness to fight the field, he darted from the centre of the area allowed him for his exercise, and invited the lookers-on individually to battle. " Whar's your buffalo bull," he cried, " to cross horns with the roarer of Salt River ? Whar's your full-blood colt that can shake a saddle off ? h'yar's an old nag can kick off the top of a buck-eye ! Whar's your cat of the Knobs ? your wolf of the Rolling Prairies ? h'yar's the old brown b'ar can claw the bark of a gum-tree ? H'yar's a man for you, Tom Bruce ! Shame to you, Sim Roberts ! to you, Jimmy Big-nose ! to you, and to you, and to you ! Ar'n't I a ring- tailed squealer ? Can go down Salt on my back, and swim up the Ohio ! Whar's the man to fight Roaring Ralph Stackpole ?" (To Be Continued.) 