Local aud General. , .Puss.IK the [CORNER,^Constable Martin has tripped, off .to Harris; Park from, St. Mqrys, and Constable' McGregor, a. quiet 'Scotchman, lias entered 'into 'possession.1 oC tho house on'"the hill. t\Vonder:how he-wilHiko the suddeii-death lo6k-up I But lie tins seen the Penrith dungeon -and can,,take comfort from,even jt,his comparison. KEATING TO COUGH ,'LOZENGES cure Coughs ^Asthma, Bronchitis " Medical testimony statos'that W''other medicine to so'Effectual: in the cure of .these dangerous maladies. One Lozenge alone gives ease, one .or two at' bedtitne(insures rest. For relieving difficulty, of breathing,they are invaluable. They . contain rid ''opium' nor any ; violent drug. Sold by all Chemists',it Tins,'Is :l£dland 2s 9d each i , [ [1 . , ICniqiiKT.-Tho^ollowibg iteam have'been selec ted to play.by. the,Penrith^crickct.club,against Emu C. C.,on the lattery, groun^ ' to-day .(Saturday) at 2.30 p.m',, and will'start from'Priddle's in the Wag gonette at 2 o'clock sharp': I-'Griffin, F. D. Wood. riff/F.. It. Woadriff,- P.- Woods; M. ? Cleevc,. H. C. Johnson,. -, Cosgrovo, J. S; Brown, T. Player, 'ijweedy, A. . Beid.,. Emergencies--W. Xeale, Woods, antl - Campbell. I i . A PROLON&BD; REVEL.-The general impression has got abroad that Australia is ruined by her population giving way to their sporting instincts. What a.bont,a run of feasting merriment, and sport, daily for three consecutive months. Mr.'Eli Broad informs,us that he has just received from Spain per mail a programme of sports to extend over the months of August, September and October.: So .we arc'not so ravenously sportful comparitively as some people arc'feign to suppose., . .THE BEST REMEDY FOR INDIGESTION.-Norton's Camomile Pills are confidently recommended as a Simple Kemedy for Indigestion, which is .the cause of nearly all the diseases to which we are subject Norton Pills,; with justice; culled tho " Nature's Strengthener of1 tho Human Stomach," acts as a powerful tonic and gentle aperient, are mild in their operation,' and safe under auy circumstances. Sold in bottles, at 1B l}d., 2s ild., lis., by all Medicine vendors throughout the World. FOWL YARNS.-One-resident of Piinailli has in-; formed us this week that ho has a rooster which; forsome time past has been Acting ias father and;] mother to a brood of chickens which death ridded i maternally while yet very young ; and another fowl farmer has shown us a "chicking" with four wings and four legs, which found : those appendages so onerpus to sustain that it'stmightwny threw up':tho barn-door ghost. He explained that ho was -going to picnic tho enormity in rutif with a view of ex hibition. , - j WATER FOR STEAm BOILERS.-For"tho inform-: atiori of our numerous readfcrs wo publish thcl following formula! giving quantity oC water used by! land tubular boilers. We extract the information! from' " Jaffray's Handy Tables " and this iscon-l firmed by several other authorities : For oach'horso powor, a land tubular boiler requiries 1 cubic foot of water per hour." .As iv cubic footpf water con tains 6J gallous a 30 horse-power engine would actually use.1115 gallons of water in six hours, and] 2230 in 12 hoursc, not making any allowanco for waste.',; ' -. v ' . I SuNPRlKSi^Qur' M'ulgoa correspondent an-; notinces tho' premature demise' of the fiend who! sent 'us tho '"opsum"" conundrum. Ho was' fonnd irivonting another 'query "which can run round a tree the qtiioker a bull 'or a butcher "i and a Mulgoaito walked up behind him quietly and placfd a charge of No. 2 in his left ear-lobe. Tlio diito'of the funeral is nut' aunpunced; also a black sriako was, killed on Sunday.' The. value of. the years output from the' Mtilgoa factory should bo i(J1500 instead of £4600 as announocd in our last through tho machinations of, that* dovil which is supposod to correct our proofs. EXIT MONGOLIAN.-Ah Chowcamc up last wcok to stay a.feiv, days,with his " cuntlcmon " in Penrith for. the .benefit, of his, hoalth. He was suffering from, heart disease, and other.internal oomplaihts| and was taken suddenly ill on Friday night, much to the consternation" of. the: local ;",Johns," who immediately ran to. Mr., yine ;£or; assistance. , A doctor was at once called in,.,but',whou he arrived Ah : Chow,; had gone for ;ev;er: .Mr., Lethbridge considered,a Magisterial enquiry would bo sufficient to elicit the whys and wherefores: of the demise ; and after calling the Chinaman conversant with the facts of tho, ease to, give evidence, decided that death resulted from natural causes. . SooiAL.-The.annual social of the employees in the-Penrith district Loco department was hold on Friday last; and provod a most successful fiinclion in every success;. -The dancers were not In- nnv means representatives of one branch of the rtiHv.'iy service, nor wore the general public lax in attend ance, therefore when the instruments tuned u[i for the preliminary- march, the floor was comfortably occupied by a parallel number of both ladies and gentlemen, who entered hoart and" sonl in" tho re'volry and soemod to onjoy thcmselvosimmcnsoly. The night' was cold luckily, and dancing'was not such an'offort as usual at this time of tho year. Mr. W. A. Hoard had been to somo trouble in hanging flags, and decorating the-'windows, &o;,, witl) greenstuff, which of course contributed. to a vory cheorful-cflccct, Messrs. Wilohor,' White and Androws woro' tho musicinus cqgagca, arid lljcii' efforts woro very much appreciated,Mr. Chappie (Emu) provided a sit-down supper at mid night in his best stylo, tho tables being- nicely decorated for'tho occasion, Mr. J, Affleck made a very efficient M.O., and Mr. J. Tippiug (Secretary). look great pains to make things run smoothly, Wo predict that tho next loco, sooial will bo looked forward to enthusiastically,1 , NRW PAPER, -TO hnnd the New South WaleB Railway Budget, a neat enough looking paper, conducted by the Railway Institution Council, and published by Jarrett 4: Co., G Clarence-street, Sydney. It is pithily described as " mi organ devoted to the interests of the railway and tram way employees," and displays a variety of matter appertaining to railway affairs, both technical and general, which will doubtless cause it to bupome « general favorite with railway men all along the line. 1 AGRICULTURAL SHOW.--It has been suggested to us-and we think the contention is a good one-: that it would be very advisable to li'ild the Ncpcaii Agricultural Show early in February, instead of in the middle,'or at the cud of March, insomuch as .our orchardists would then have a good opportunity .of exhibiting a greater variety of fruits of every 'description than if the show were left for a month or two laler. This being such an important fruit growing district an effort should be made'to rneiifc the wishes of intending exhibitors in this depart ment, as far as possible. j FLOUR.-At the beginning of the present year, 'Mr. H, 0. Matthews of the Acme Roller Mills,' Uathurst, remodelled his mill to the Hungarian! Full Roller system, and the new ,dust has bceni gaining fresh friends daily, and is now to be found in every bake-house of importance in the metropolis the suburbs, and along the Western line. With! those who have already tried it, the opinion seems! to be that to use the Aetna Patent Roller Flour is to; ha/e a large, light, (we do not mean under weight)' and snow-white loaf. Of course all other mill pro-j ducc is obtainable from the mill, and Mr. Matthews; will be pleased to answer all enquiries. * j A PUCULIAR ACCIDKNT.-A lad named Per lit t was cleaning a locomotive with W. Vine on Thurs-t day, and standing on the front bogie of on engine! to hook a screw coupling on to the draw-bar hook.j when he allowed the former to fall and a portion! struck Viuc's head just ns l»e was emerging from; the engine. Seeing what he had done he made at sudden dive to try and grab ths coupling which' had only given Vine a slight knock,-when ho fell,; striking his chin on the draw-bar hook and cutting, his lip, then falling on the metals he lacerated his; head and right arm. He was conveyed to the! hospital in an unconscious condition, but he: re covered -shortly afterwards when his wounds were dressed and he was made as comfortable as possible, CRICKET, -A meeting of the old Penrith Junior. C.O. was held in the Church of England school room on Friday of last week, A good deal of; formal business was gone through and. the new; name of the club was a subject of some interest.! At the lastr meeting the name was altered to the; Jersey C.C., and after some discussion it wasj decided that-the club be called the Ivanlioe C.C,, A letter was read from' the Governor accepting the position of patron, and another from Mr. S. E. Lees promising a trophy valued at #1. Various; committees were appointed, the tools -required forj the new season also decided upon, and Mr. J. Waters appointed captain. After a vote of thiinks had been carried to Mr. Lees for his generosity and; a similar compliment to the chairman, the meeting! concluded. WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE -UNION.-: On Thursday night next addresses will be delivered, at the Wesleyan Church by two ladies of some note.: in connection with the above. It seems a pity that, the Temperance Hall could not have been secured - for the occasion, as we fear there will not be room; to accommodate the large number who will avail themselves of the opportunity of hearing these gifted ladies lecture on two such important subjects! as " Social Purity " aud " The Total Abstinence; Movement," but the hall wap unfortunately engaged for a private social, and the date named was the only ouer which,-.Dr.- lvate Buslincd arid -Mrs.; Andrews, M.A,',. could visit Penrith, their ,time: being so fully occupied. There will bo no charge] for ^admission, but a collection will bo taken up to; defray expenses. ? HOLLOW AY'S PILLS,-Dismiss your doubts,i let no one be longer oppressed with the notion that, his; malady is incurable till these purifying Pills have' had a5 fair trial. When ordinary preparations have : failed, these Pills have Iron used with the most; marked success. A course of this f dmirable medi-; cine dears the blood from, all impurities, 'and .im proves its quality. The whole system, is thus bene-i fltcd through the usual chonnels without reduction to strength, shpek to the nerves, or any other in-; convenience ; in fact, health is renewed by natural' means, : Korcuring diseases of tlic-throat, windpipe and chest, those Pills have pre-eminently established a world-wide fame, and in' complaints of the1 stomach, liver, and kidneys; they aro equally effi cacious. - Thoy aro composed of rare balsams, with .out a siuglo ? grain of mercury or any other dele terious substance. SUDDKN DEATH,-Wo regret'to have lo annoiinco the; sudden'death of Mrs. Priddle, the mother of Mr. J. Priddle of (his town, which took placo on .Tuesday.Inst at 12.H0 a.m. ; On thy Friday morning .previous Mrs. Priddle Imd - gone over to see a 'neighbour, and seemed.iu the' best of health,' but on returning hoi1 husband, who is 79 years of a^e -Mrs, Priddle being over 73 at the time of her demise -noticed that she WHS groaning, and seemed very bad. Sho complained of severe internal pains, nn'd ' Mr. Priddlo at once summoned a doctor, and called the family to" her bedside. She relapsed speedily .into a comatose condition, and remained in this state for >over three days till the morning of her release; came, which, took place as stated, The .funeral took'place on Wednesday afternoon, the remains being interred in the'Ohurch of England f burial ground ; llev. Or. Ijrown reading the service at tho grave-side. . " .A COWARDLY PALTHOON*.-It is hard to imngino a person dastardly'enough to throw a stone at a hospital whore two helpless women arc tho only attendants'on the sick, but ncverthclo s it is our unwilling duty to record tho fact that on Wednes day night Inst some cowardly, c,feature actually throw one stone weighing about half a pound and another of several ounces in .' weight at either front door of the Nbpoan Oottago Hospital in High street. , We have secn the; stone, and wo havo also been shown tho marksimado upon the woodwork of tho door by these harmful missiles. Had thc'largcr boulder landed just a littlo higher, it would havo smashed the door glass to: atoms, and tlio proba bilities arc that a patient who was lying almost in tho direct lino of ijro would have been seriously injured. ..Wo griove'to.think that such a heartless paltroon in tho shnpo of a man-for no boy would havo had strongth; to cast such;a, weighty stone enjoys liberty in'Penrith.' SUNDAY §OHOOL, PIONIO.-The annual, picnic in connection with St, Stephen's Sunday school, Penrith came off on Wednesday last. The attendance, this 'year was fullyup to the' averago, arid' had ' it not been for a heavy shower of rain just at a time when a very! large number'of visitors were ready to pro coed to tho vantage ground the attendance would 'have been very much larger than' usua'l. About 9 o'clock tho churohbells rang out a merry peal; and continued'at'intervals till' 9.8Q by which time the scholars aud their teachers filled tho schoolroom aud church grounds. Air., George White was greatly iu evidence with his juvenile band of twenty poriormera (tho Penrith , superior public school cadet band). Tlio scholars wore then formed into : lino and a start.made, headed by the band. High street was traversed as far as Station-street, then to Honry-street, and along that street to King-street, arid thence to the Parsonage grounds, Shortly after arrival there tho youngsters woro regaled with a real good fill, tho good tliiugs being kindly supplied by numerous parents and frloncjs. Gfames of all sorts wore indulged iij an4 toaoljers and scholars had a real good time. Later on a few visitofs began to arrive and everything wont as merry as a marringo bell. 1 n tho midst of all tho gaiety tho sky becomo overcast, and a littlo later on- heavy pin began to fall. There was a general scramble for shelter and so'well did the youngsters, icochqrs, and visitors comport themselves thure was not a singlo acoident and but for n few drops on some o£ tho littlo children's clothing nono waro interfered with. Of course this to n certain oxtont spoiled the fun for tho afternoon, for after the rain cleared oil the ground was so damp as to Beriously Interfere with out-door sports, 4V ® THEATRICAL ENTERPRISE,-The Oxford Min strels, who have been playing at Penrith at intervals lately, seem to have caught on to the popular taste, for they played nt the Temperance Hall, on Saturday and Sunday nights to , large snd very, appreciative audiences-the first evening being devoted to nigger songs, dancing, and njinstrelsy, and the second to 6acred and classical efforts. This company embraces in its membership list several gentlemen, who have earned fame as professionals in Sydney, and two young ladies, whose deportment in the vocal and histrionic departments is much above the average. We believe it is the intention of the Oxford Minstrels to pay fortnightly visits to Penrith for the future, and if their efforts to enliven this town are as much appreciated in the future as they have been in the past, well the promoters should do well, that's all. The company have arranged to play here on October 3, Eight- hour night. : SANDER AND SONS' EUCALYPTI EXTRACT. In protection of the world-wide fame our manu facture has acquired all over the , globe, we publish the following Hazard, M.D.j Professor of General Pathology and diseases, of the Mind and Nervous System, says in an editorial published in the Clinical Record ;-" We have examined half-a dozen specimens of, different manufactures;' the preparation of Sander and Sons was the only 'one that proved to be reliable . and corresponding to scientific tastes," Another concoction called " Re fined Extract of Eucalyptus," has made its appear ance since. This product stands, according to Dr. Owen,'foremost in causing injurious effects. That gentleman communicates at a meeting of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a child living at Fitzroy became most seriously indisposed through its use. In another case a lady states on the streugth of statutory declaration that she suffered oruclly from the effects of the same concoction. To guard the high reputation of our manufacture we feel warranted in exposing the above facj«, .and desire the public to exercise care arid' precaution when buying. SANDER & SONS.-(Advt.) MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETY,-There was:a very large attendance of the above Society ot the Wesleyan Church on Monday evening last when, a programme of prepaied addresses, ossays, readings, etc., was presented. After the usual hymn and prayer the evening was opened with a song by Mfss Huxley, and Rev. G. Thompson followed with.an address on Our physicians, and how they heal us," Mr. Field (ilso sang a song and Mr. Bendall gave a short address ou " Pride, from a biblical stand point whilst a duet by Rev. and Mrs. Thompson was followed with a reading by Master Bendall on " That unclean ariitnal, the hog," containing a good deal of ; information about the animal Whose habi tation is in a corner of the back yard. . As criticism was allowed quite an amusing debate took place on the subject, a few, after receiving a little instruc tion as to the habits of the animal, taking a.pledgc not to eat any more pork. After a song by Rev, G, Thompson, a discussion took place about'a picnic/Whichi it was decided to hold'upon Eight Hour Day, all being well. The quarterly, reports of the Secretary and Treasurer, showing a credit balance of ,-U 113s, and a membership of 74, were read and received, together with the resignation of the Treasurer, which it was decided to hold over till inext meeting, It was also decided that , the debate '"with tlid Mulgo.i Society should be held on Monday, October 3rd. The subject for next Monday evening is a debate on Home Rule for Ireland, Mr. Burless will open the debate on the negative side, and Rev, G. Thompson on the affirmative, and as the debate is likely to be rather warm a good attendance is expeeted. , - :? ALLEGED FOOTBALL. - A team calling tliem selves tlio Newtown Iolanthes came to Penrith to play the local club on Satuiday last. Shortly aftfcr the commencement of the game the local ite'ahi through the fumbling of the opposing, backs (were enabled to score.', Mr. P. Freeth, tlie umpire, allowed it as a score, but the Iolanthes objected as a body, using some very bad language, and'demand ing that one of their own adherents Bhould be entrusted with the. whistle. The home team were not on, however, and the' game proceeded, the kick at goal being' a failuroV After about ten minutes had elapsed and while play was centered in the Penrith quarters blows were struck luy the visitors and returned by members of the home team, and, a general melee ensued lasting for some time., ,At bngth peace was restored and' football recom mcncud. Injudicious play on the part of "the Penrith backs gave the Iolanthes a chance, and one o£ their number placed the ball right behind .the post. Tho kick at gaol was-a failure, Penrith for wards, then played a vigorously aggressive game, and J,: Pieslcy got over the line,-but tho umpire refused to allow the touch as the ball was .taken,off side. Half-time was called shortly after., _ The second spell opened with a referee of the visitors' choosing, but a few minutes only elapsed when one of the Iolanthes went up behind a local playeV and taking him!unawares struck him two cowardly blows in tho back of tho neck. The game was stopped and Cosgrovo demanded that the cowardly pugilist be takeu off. This the opposite captain declined1 to sanction, and after a; lot of wrangling tho liome team left tho lield, and thus the match was brought to a,disagreeable conclusion.; We certainly_ cannot congratulate Newtown ou,tho behaviour of its foot; bailers, some of whom were the'worse for liquor oo Saturday j the majority being guilty of language which gave its utterers the tone .of haying just vacated the vicinity of Tho Rocks. , ... . 