ll OF HU. A STORY OF THE " BLACK COUNTRY" OF SOUTH STAFFORJSHIRE. BT JEANNIE GWYNNE BETTANY, Author of AUNT SABCEN'S TWO LEGACIES, ETC. CHAPTER XLVL-CONTINUED. ÇfmjfHY, do you want me to Late iJ||l#jL you, too ?" she cried. " If you ^c-y^e-JW loved me, yon would care for my réputation." " Ob, Keziab," cried her companion in heart-broken tones, " to tbinkyon should ever use such words to me 1 You have misunder stood me, quite misunderstood me." "I have understood yon perfectly," re turned Keziab. " It is you that has not understood me. And she tried to limp away. But the pain in her foot was so great, she was obliged to stop herself. " Keziab, why won't you believe me ? I said I bad come to take care of you, as yonr >" father might, or your brother ; that is my meaning." " Yes," she cried, passionately, " like my father and my brother 1 you have well spoken. My father and brother would min me for their own ends ; so would yon, or you would never have asked me to leave my husband's roof last night, and so get me turned ont to-night. Yet I was going away, praying for you, and forgiving you. But now you have broken your word and followed me, to take advantage of my misery, what can I say to you ? If ever there was a moment when you should have kept yourself far away from me, it is now." " Keziab, I wonld die for you." " Then, why not do a small thing, and keep away from me ?" " Keziab, that is a greater thing." " Then be a man and do the greater thing. I have done wrong too," she said, weepiug afresh, " or 1 might never have come to ' this." "No, it was all my fault," said Bopert, gazing with despairing tenderness at ber. " I deserve what has come," said Keziab. " Heaven knows, that is not true," replied Rupert. " It is I, and only I, who have been to blame, Keziah, tell me what to do, and yon shall see how I will obey you now." " Go back at once to Leamington, if you mean what you say; and show the world that I am not with you. That will be prov ing your love for me." " I will do it," be answered witb asob. " Bnt you will tell me where you are going ? At least yon will tell me that ?" " No," said Keziah, sadly ; "lt is right that yon should not know that either." " What barm could it be for you to tell me where you are going ?" " There wonld be harm." " Yon have some money with yon ?" , " Yes. I have some money." ; " And will you just take a little from me? i You may return it some day if yon like." i " Do you not understand," broke out Keziah hotly, " that I can have no dealings with you of any kind 7 Go back at once ; you may even now bave been seen following I» me." He took off a large scarf that was about his neck. " Let me give yon this, Keziab. Yon are but ill clad. " How can you I" she cried despairingly. " Wby do you make my way so difficult 7 " Would you would have me found in pos session of your scarf ? Where is yonr com mon sense ?" " Oh God," cried Rupert, breaking down utterly, and sobbing. " And am I, who love you so, not to be allowed to do the least thing for you, because a enrsed villain has robbed you from me, and ill-treated yon, and shut bis door upon you 1" " It can do no good to talk now," said Keziab. She was about to pass him. He caught ber by the arm still shaken with sobs,' and wonld not let her pass. She tried to wrench herself free. " Keziah, I bave only one thing to ask you. I know more about the world than yon do, Keziab. If yon do not want to be suspected, Keziab, go to some friend. You need not tell me whom. Vt you promise me this one thing I shall go away contented. Contented I No, not that. But it will be more endurable, that is all I can say." "I will promise you that, then," said ' 'Keziab. And she was moving away again. "Notone word of farewell, Keziah 1" he ! said. " Good-bye," she answered, pasjlng on. I He had almost boped, when he had BO .Sat acceded to ber wish, that she wonld have j *" "goodbye." Bot her manner was Buch that be dared not ask for more.- The Kessiah he loved eoald sever be farther from bim, be felt, than she was this night. She was outside now ; bat these words fol lowed her in a choked whisper " Yon will say yon forgive me." " I forgive you," she said in a low voice ; and disappeared in the darkness. And Elwortby, half beside himself with grief and misgiving, and unable to do any thing, watched the spot where her figure had disappeared, nntil his eyes were strained ; but follow her be would not-rather could not. And at last when he had gaeed so long that his eyes, grown weary, drooped their lids, be turned his head and gazed at the foundry. " No man has ever been so wretched as I am," fae thought within himself, " so wretched and so powerless." And while he thought this, the immense hammers came down upon the iron and flattened it and crushed it." " Ob I" he thought, " if only I could place my bead for one moment under the hammer and end it all ; it would be soon over." He re mained long gazing at the glare, and scarcely thinking. All was too much in a tumult within bim. At last he became conscious that he miiBt go away. If he were not in Leamington in the miming, people might say be had been with Keziab, They should never say that ; and he staggered out of the place, and walked like a drunken man along the road. It bad ceased snowing some time, and the : path was very dark. Snow blackens almost as it falls in the Black Country, and it must [ be deep indeed before it can be like a pure white sheet over the earth. It was not deep now, and was blackened as it had fallen. At last his foot struck against something ; it was only a rising footpath, of which there are many in these neighborhoods, a foot, and even sometimes a yard, above the road. He staggered along this footpath. It seemed to be going down all at once. He felt himself falling, and the next sensation was that water was closing over his bead. CHAl'TEB XLVIII.-THE GBEATEB BAUNS. And he said . . . "I will pull doini my barns, and build greater." Had Keziab waited before ber own house a little longer, she would have seen the lights reappear in the two front bedroom windows ; for Mr. Hackbit having made an effort togo to bed as if nothing were the matter, had found himself quite too excited to sleep. "-," he said to himself, " I'll have that fool Rimpler up, and wet our throstles a bit." Now Mr Hackbit was deeper than Rimpler gave him credit for being : though he did let things out sometimes when he was drunk, they were things that never told against him self. To-nigbt he had driven Keziah forth, and so natural had been his demeanour that no one suspected it. The servants knew she bad not come home, but they thought she mußt be staying at her mother's and of course they knew better than to ask Mr. Hackbit a question. j Mr. Rimpler finding Hackbit at home on his return, imagined Keziah to be in the house. He had likewise imagined Hackbit to be ignorant of what had occurred the ] night before. So when Hackbit rapped sharply at bis door and then thrust bis head in, and said, "Get up, Rimpler, I say ; let's have a drink," he merely thought Hackbit had passed an unpleasant day, and meant to I make up for it ; and got up directly, very quickly as Hackbit thought, for he did not ; not know Mr. Rimpler was sitting dressed by the window. When Mr. Rimpler had fumbled about the room a little, he lit his candle, completed bis toilet as if it had been morning, and went downstairs. He looked in the dining-room, but found BO Mr. Hackbit. He was sur prised. He went into the hall and listened ; he heard a movement in the kitchen, and ' went there. "I say, what are you doing?" he asked Hackbit, who was prowling about with a candle. ; " I am going to get some wood and light a fire in the drawing-room ;" adding with great assumption of grandeur, " We'll sit in the drawing-room, Rimpler. I'm a rich man, and shall be richer. Why shouldn't I usc the best room I've got?" "All right," replied Rimpler, amused, " that's your look-out you know. Only I shouldn't have thought you were such a fool as toijtell anyone that you were rich." " Voa are not the outside woild." "No ; and yon are shrewd enough to know I should know in any case. That's it, isn't it, Hackbit ?" A large fire was soon burning in the draw* ing-rootn, what with the unusual quantity of wood and the bellows which Mr. Rimpler plied. Hackbit sat down complacently, with two or three bottles before him, also glasses and sugar. " I say, Rimpler, bow should you like to be a partner?" " Oh, I don't know," replied Rimpler, in differently. " But I say Rimpler, by Jove, we are making money, old Rimmon and I. Yon think you know everything, but we could surprise you a bit. Some people save and ¡ save and don't enjoy their money. I don't mean to be like that." And he poured out a glass of neat brandy, and took a draught without blinking. " What if my father was a collier, I mean to have a place among country gentlemen,-them. Rokes worth Hall is to let, and I mean to take it. I'm getting richer than them all, and, bang it, why shouldn't I live as well? Ah, Rim pler, though they hate me, they shall envy me. If old Josh Rimmon is content to live ia that pig-stye, all the better for me, I'll live for the two of ns," he took another draught of brandy. " And-me, Rim pler," he went on, " there's some pleasure in living when you can buy a horse or what not, that some noble lord would give his head for, just because you've the longest purse. By Jove, I'd give any price, if I thought one of those chaps wanted it." All this did not arouse the sympathy or interest in Mr. Rimpler which it might have done bad be not known about the missing papers. The man who knows that the best horse in a race has been drugged and will break down, does not show astounding cute ness in not backing the House of Rimmon ; and throughout Rtmpler's life be had nearly always backed tbe winner. He rather en joyed the joke of hearing Hackbit ran on, however, and encouraged him to keep on talking. " Bills of sale are the grandest invest ments," said Hackbit,"while it can be kept dark ; and my experienee ls," be went on in a.cnanlng tone, " that people who have been sold np have not spirit enough lett to go to law about it, neither have they the cash," {and he burst into a laugh. »Do yon know, hythe beginning Rimmon wanted to pay me a salary F I soon taught nba a lesson. Tve had more than he e had, by Jere, and let every dog bave bis day." " Yea," Mr. Simpler assented, " let every dog bave his day. My day'll come next." And be pretended to sip his brandy. j " Don t connt your chickens before they're hatched," replied Hackbit, who was now get ting much the worse for drink. " I don't usually," retorted Mr. Simpler. Neither do I get drank, and so see double when I'm counting them after they're hatched," I This was a little bit too refined for Hack- j bit in his present condition, so he took offence. " Confound you, do you mean to say that I'm drunk ? " Certainly not. Why, you've only had , balf-a-bottle." | It was not long before be bad the whole bottle, and bis appearance began to alarm I Simpler not a little. He sullenly bung bis bead down, and looked lowering. At last he intently fixed his eyes on the door of the room. Simpler involuntarily gazed in the same direction. He could see nothing. " What is it 7" he said to Hackbit. Hackbit pointed a trembling band towards the door. The hand bad grown very bony since he had taken to drinking so furiously, for he had eaten hardly enough to keep body and soul together. " What is it ?" inquired Simpler again. " Don't you see those spiders ?" " I can't say I do." " Then yon must be drunk, or mad. Look, Simpler," he said, rising in agitation and trembling allover, " have you ever seen snoh large spiders ? You can't pretend you don't see them. Look, they are chasing each other in two lines ; and they'll come down ; they are coming down. They're coming to me, and they're growing bigger." Simpler became more and more alarmed. Hackbit clntched the tablecloth and tried to get on the table ; but be could not ; and the tablecloth came off, and the bottles crashed on the floor. " Oh," be cried, shaking till the very floor sbook, "the cloth's full of them too, See how they spread their legs and come on. Ob let me get out nf here," he screamed fran tically. " The walU are covered with them. Are yon a devil that you won't help me ?" And with one more effort to escape from the room, he fell face downwards on the gronnd. We will spare our readers the horrors of the scene which followed. Joshua and David Simmon both came, at Simpler's re quest, and by the doctor's suggestion Mr. Saltring was telegraphed for. He arrived about ll o'clock in the morning, and with him Dr. Towers. He had brought the doctor on his own responsibility, having great faith in him ; and he took him upstairs without any ceremony. Mr. Simmon was seated in a chair, look ing the picture of misery; Hackbit was sleeping now, and breathing very heavily. Dr. Towers advanced to the bedside lifted bis eyelid, and turned and looked about the room, but said nothing. He'll get better now," said Mr. Simmon, hoarsely ; "he's gone to sleep. Ob, what a night we've had." " He'll never wake again," replied Dr. Towers, quietly. I've seen cases like this before. It is a possible ending to delirium tremen». They sleep to death. I can do nothing for him ; so I'd better get back." " Wait a bit," said Mr. Sall ring, I want yon to witness something." He was asby white. He walked towards tbe bed. Ile laid one hand upon the man who was sleeping his last sleep and raised the other above his head and looked upwards. " I call God to witness," be said, " that I will never sell one drop ot any intoxicating liquor again, and I will rid myself of any property I now possess that is the result of the sale of drink." His hand fell by his side, and he faced ron nd and looked at the astonished Joshua and Dr. Towers. " There is no evil so great in this wide world as drink. Can it matter whether thc poor wretch drinks it at your counter, or carries his bottle home? The end is the Bame." He looked upwards again. " I pray tbe God of pity to forgive me for the great harm I have done the human race, for ever having sold or given away a drop of this poison of souls. Separation there can be none. The evil is done." And Mr. Saltring covered his face with his hands. Dr. Towers placed his arm round Mr. Salt ring's neck and said soothingly, " My good friend, God judges os by the motives. Could you, who have the best heart in the world, have ever meant to ruin anyone ?" « Seuember the proverb, doctor," returned Mr. Saltring, without taking his hands from his face. "'Evil is wrought by want of thought, as well as by want of heart.' This has brought it home to me, brought it home to me. Within the last twelve months," he said, raising his white face and looking at the doctor, " cases of spirits have left my shop enough to bring this"-and he indicated with his band without looking towards the bed-"to I fear to say bow many homes. Come, doctor, let us away. I should have liked to have seen Keziah, but I can't face her. If no one had sold the brandy, he couldn't have bought it, and he couldn't have drunk it." " He didn't buy the brandy of yon at any rate," said Joshua Simmon, rousing himself to speak. "That makes no difference," replied Mr. Saltring. " Come, doctor, let us go." Bat while be spoke, all three noticed that the sound from the bed had ceased. Towers looked a moment, and answered Mr. Sim mon's look, " He's gone, poor fellow," be said. CHAPTEll XI.YIII.-TOM TOWERS GOES UP FOB HIS LAST EXAMINATION. It waa about the middle of January. Thomas Hackbit lay in Jnmley cemetery ; and in tbe windows of his house was a notice "ToLet." No one made any search for Keziah. She was missing, and Elwortby was missing. The facts seemed to explain themselves. The House of Simmon was dis graced. Mr. Simpler had been engaged by Mr. Simmon, and was now residing in bis house. The baby was there too, and Wilson had ooma to nurse him at Mr. Simmon's request. The other servants had been dismissed. Mr. Hackbit had left no will, as is often the case with those whose business it is to make wills. During the last few weeks Mrs, Simmon bad aged visibly, and seemed so near break ing np that her infirm state formed the prin cipal reason for Mr. Simmon's engaging Wilson. Mr. Simmon's hair had grown very ney, and he walked with a slower step, with fais head bent,forward, and his shoulders stooping. Bot where was Keziah ? lt was «rowing dark one evening «hen a ghost ct her formet ?elf-yes, a ghost ot her changed self-entered the Hollies of Bow den. Hand had been watching at the win dow and saw ber approach, and flew to open the door, Keziah fell into her arms, crying hysterically. "I have come like a beggar, Maud, to beg shelter. I have no pride left now, Maud." Mead half carried, half led her into ber favorite sitting-room, cooing over her and calling her her lost darling, and her own Kissy. In an incredibly short time refresh ment was brought, and the poor wanderer was fed and warmed. Maud flitting hither and thither, swift as in the old days, carried most of the things with her own hands, and only tended, and forebore to question ber old friend. When Keziab had eaten, and waa warm, her head drooped npon her breast, and she fell asleep. Maud looked at ber bead. Where were all the short curls gone ! The hair was shorn close to the head ! And her cheeks how sunken they were t Maud placed herself so that the head might rest against ber, and caressed it tenderly with her white fingers, and dropped scalding tears upon it, and remained cramped in one position for j nearly two hours, rather than wake her dar ling. Then Keziah opened ber large startled eyes pleadingly and quickly-" Look, I will tell you something. Don't send me out just yet. I have nowhere to go to." She then recollezted herself, and said " Oh, I was dreaming. I thought I was back in the hos pital again. Ob, Maud," she cried, flinging her arms about ber friend's neck, " bow glad I am it is trae I am here." Maud answered her only by her caresses. Then Keziah drew her head back and looked into ber friend's eyes enquiringly, " Do you know ?" she asked. " Have you beard !" " Dearest Kissy," replied Maud, " if I have heard, and if I know, I do not reproach yon ?" " Reproach me ?" said Keziah, looking puzzled. " Well, yes, I did provoke bim ; but I am repentant now, Maud ; I will go back to him and beg his forgiveness. Was it possible that Keziah did not know that her husband was dead ? It seemed so. She had been in a hospital, it appeared from ber conversation. She might know nothing. *' Kissy," she said, taking the worn face between ber bands - the face that had nothing to recommend it now but its pathos -" Kissy, you will never go back to your husband." Keziah started, not at the words she had heard, but at the tone. She looked for more, j and did not speak. ' " Kizzy," my own love, you arc free j your husband is dead." Keziah flung herself upon the couch, and sobbed hysterically. " Oh, that I bad been a better wife to bim. It might never have ended so." And she sobbed aloud. Maud knelt by Keziah, and laid her head beside hers, and wept with her. She waB weeping because she believed ber friend had fallen. " Kizzy," she said in her ear, " at leaBt il you did go away with him, you have left him now." Keziah started up at the words and looked her friend in the face. " I go away with bim, Maud t Who dares to say it ?" Maud only cried, " Thank Ood 1 it is not true." " True, Maudi" said Keziab. ''No : I have Bunk low, but not so low as that." "Oh, Kizzy, forgive me for having be lieved it," said Maud humbly. " But you see it lookedso much like it, that you and he should both disappear." " H? disappear 1" exclaimed Keziab. affrightedly. "Is he not in Leamington, then?" " No, he has never been heard of since that night. Your brother Jubal came in here and told me all about it." Keziah looked very quietly into the fire. And then, as if suddenly recollecting, said, " Where is your husband, Maud ?" " He is in London, Kizzy, being examined. We will not talk of him, if you do not mind. And now, Kizzy, had you not better go to bed? I don't think you should talk any more to-night." " But I must know one thing more. Of course, my baby has gone to father'6?" " Yes, Wilson is there with it." A beautiful smile broke over Keziah's face, as she heard this, and she said contentedly, " Then I think I will go to bed, Maud." lt must have been about three o'clock in the morning, when both Keziah and Maud awoke with a start. They heard a fall and a ter rible crash. " Whatever can it be ?" said Maud ; and she flung on her dressing-gown and went out. But though she searched the house all through, she found nothing wrong, nothing broken, nothing displaced, nothing of any kind to account for the noise. Still the sound had been so loud and of so startling a character, that neither of them could go to sleep again, so they kept their light burning and talked. Keziah related to her friend how she had wandered along the road to Wover hampton in the night time, and how a break came, and she could remember nothing until she awoke in one of the wards of the Wover hampton Hospital ; and she was told she bad a fever. When she was well enough to go out, they had given her the money they had found in her clothes, and she had come straight to Manchester. Then, about dawn, Keziah fell asleep again ; and Maud remained awake. The sound she had heard bad been exactly like the smashing of the hall-lam pb r ?*? -'hine falling upon it. When daylight came, she was glad indeed to end a night of wondering and silence. She was dressing herself when a postman's knock came to the door. " How early the post is this morning," she thought. It was not a letter; it was a telegram. She swayed and fell, crying, in a suffocating voice. " My darling's dead, he's dead." Keziah, weak though she was, gained her side, picked up and read the telegram. Yes, he was dead. Maud lost her consciousness entirely. And when at last she came to herself, it was only to cry, " He's dead 1 and now he will never learn to love me again." She became so ill that a servant was despatched for a doctor. He ordered what is always ordered in such cases, and never can be obtained-rest. And the day wore on, and Keziah and Maud wept In company. They were both widows now. The next morning a letter of particulars came. Tom Towers had passed his exami nation, and had gone to his hotel, and right np to bis room, which was at the top. And by accident, it was believed, he had fallen over the banisters from the ton to the bottom ! of that great building, smashing the hall lamp by his fall. Inside was a letter addressed in his hand writing to hU «ifs. " Read it, Kizzy," she aaid, "fori cannot," Kitty opened it and read, with dilatedeyes a&dhotroi; In hex fae«: "I have passed my examination, Maud, my own much-loved wife, and shall end it all to-night. Shall I tell yon why? I can bear life no longer. It was I who committed the murder poor Elworthy was accused of. I did not mean to do it, I swear I did not. I onght, perhaps, have died and never told yon. Bat you might bear of it in some way. You would bear it better coming from me. The money I have had from yon at different times has been to parchase the silence of the man who saw me commit the deed. " And now with my last words I beg of yon to forgive me. and to believe bow well I have loved yon. The man will trouble you no more now that I am gone. Yon, will, I know, believe I did not mean to do it. And now I enter on another world, where we may yet meet if God pardons mc, as I am eura you will. "Yous HBABTBBOKEN HUSBAND." Keziah did not show this letter to Maud' for a day or two, not till a verdict had been given at the inquest of " Accidental death, due to over-excitement (rom examination." Mand never saw his body, and never even saw the coffin. She felt it would have killed her. He was buried in Manchester, in the cemetery where 6he had so often walked. (2V> le continued.) 