TALES AND SKETCHES. the ivor/ cate.(1 - By AV alter Besant. Chapter VIII.— In Honor- op the Event, - May one dwell upon so simple a thing as"a imall family diuner party? It is generally un- dramatio' and; uneventful ; it is not generally marked even by' a now dish or a bottlo of raro wine. Yet tliero lingers in the mind of every lean the recollcotion of pleasant dinners. I should -like to write a Book of Dinners, not a book lor tue gourmet, out a book of memories. It might bo a most delightful volume. There would be in it tho schoolboys' dinner. I remem ber a certain dinner at eighteenpence a head, at Richmond,, beforo we had the row in the boat, when woquarrellod and broko the oars over eaeh other's heads, and very nearly oapsixed ; a cer tain undergraduates' dinner, in w.kiah four men —three of whom arc now ghosts— joined ; the Ramblers' dinner, of lamb chops and bottled ale and 'mirth and merriment; the two-by-two dinner in the privato - room, a dainty dinnor of sweet lamb, sweet bread, sweet peas, sweet' looks, sweet -Moselle, and sweet words. Is it really true that one' nover— never— gels young sgnin ? Some people dp, lam sure, hut they are under promise to say nothiug about it I Bhall— and then that dinner may perhaps— ono cannot soy— ono nover- knows — and I suppose— if ono was young again— that they would bo found just as pretty as they ever were. : There is tho official dinner, : stately and cold ; the city dinner, whioh generally comeB -to a man when his digestion is no longer what it was; the family dinner, in whioh the intellect plays so small a part, because no one wastes his fine things on liis brothers nnd sisters ; the din ner at whioh one has to mnko a speech. Indeed, this Book of Dinners promises to be .v most charming volume. I should attempt it, however, with trembling, because, to do it really well, one should ho, first of all, a scholar, if only to appreciate thhiga said and spoken, and In order to eonuect the illustrionspnst with food and drink. Next, he ought to be still young; he certainly must have a proper feeling for wine, and must certainly understand when anil why one should bo grateful to good Master Cook ; he should- ho a past or present master in tho art of love, nud a squire of dameB ; he should be good at conversation ; he must, in the old language, be a. worshipper of Bacohns, Venus, Phoebus Apollo, the muses nine and tho graces three. He must be no poor weakling, nnnble to enjoy the good oreaturea of flesh, fowl, fish and wine ; no boor, and 110 log insensibio to loveliness. Dinner, which' should ' be a science, lias long hoen treated as ono .of the fine, arts.. Now every fine art, as we all know, has its fashions and its caprices. Thoee who aro old enough to remcmbor the dinners of 20, 30 or 40 years ago can re- mombor many of their fashions and caprices. In tho thirties, for ' instance, everything was carved upon the table. It required a strong man to -givo ' a dinner party. Fortunately, a dinner then consisted of few dishes. They drank sherry witii iiinner and port afierwards. Tho champagne, if. thero -was any, was sweat. |ho guests wero - bidden for 6.30 ; . they sat own, to dinner beforo 7. 'At 8 tho ladies went Upstairs ; at 10.30 .the men joined them, xboir faces wero -flushed, tlioir suouldors were inclined to lurch, and their speech wob the least hit tklofc. AV ondorf ul to relate, ' brandy and water used to be served to theso topers in the drawingroom itself. Mr. Dering bad olterod little in his dinner oustoniB. They mostly bolonged to tho sixtios, with a survival of somo belonging to tho thirties, tilings wero carved upon the sideboard ; this wsb in deference to modern austom ; champagne formed an integral part of the meal, but the dinnor itself was solid ; tlin cloth after dinner was romoved, IcaviDg tho dark polished mahogony after the old fashion. Tho furniture of tho room was also in the old style, tho chairs woro heavy and solid, tho wails wcro hung with a dark crimson paper of velvety toxture, tho curtains nnd tho carpets were rod ; there woro piotures of game and fruit ; the sideboard was as solid as tho table. Checkley tho clerk, who was invitedas a faith ful servant of tho house, to tho celebration of the new partnership, was tho first to arrive. . r?flB a hired suit, ho looked liko an under taker 8 assistant ; the gloom upon his face heightened the reBemblnnoe. AVhy tho partner ship eaused .this appoarnnoo of gloom I know not. Certainly, ho oould never oxpect to be mado a partner himself. It was, . perhaps, a speoies of jealousy which filled his souL Ho ho longer know so much of tho business, i with the motlici-in-law eleot ? i rSe ».""& Forgiveness, Foace, Amnesty I V, , y 8a' all together upon the brow of tho elder lady. She was magnificent in a dark crimson velvet, and she had a good deal of gold .j"; her arms and nook. Jewish ladies are saia to show, by the magnificenae of thoir attire, the prosperity of the busiross. AVhy not ? It is a form of enjoying success. Thero are many forms : ono man buys books : let him buy books ; another collects pictures. ' AVhy not? One woman wears orimson velvet. AVhy not. In this way sho enjoys her wealth and proolaims it. Again, why not ? It seems to tho philosopher fond and vain thing to deck the person at aU mMdV,!ldnP!,Cia"3; fond ,wllm «'o Person is not ? no ,0"Ber beautiful. AVo nre OMd ii.Sl"wb0P Fhero aro "Shy middle- aged men who are extrcmoly happy to put on thoir uniform and their medals and thoir glitter- lf1h«?t8 l 4rundo1 woro her velvet as tt.« 1?oI fj0yc ?0,<M: of il:' thc richness of it, thaioH f a,nd ttfcat lay in its folds and ward IL « f x.' 81,0 woro U> too< aa an out- daj?i,.g ti,s wns " sreat occasion. Hor Sll l ' erinB. eamc also arrayed in a queenly dress of amber silk with an aigrette of feathers in lior hair. To bo sure, alio was going on somowlioro after the dinner. Elsie, forder part, came ma oreamy wliito, almost liko Lidl 1 but ehe looked much happier than most brides. Hilda s husband, Sir Samuol, who was some six or aoven ycnfsyoungcrtlianhis brother, was in appearance a typical man of wealth. i "J?" no iOI1Bor, as in the days of good old Sir Thomas Greslisin, illustrate his riches by costly furs, embroidered doublets and heavy elrnins. He has to wear broadoloth and Olaetc. Yet there in an air, a enrringe, which belongs to tho noli man. In Appearance, Sir Samuel wasiall, liko his brother, but not thin like htm : ho was corpulent ; his face was Jjki'i ,waa .hald, and he woro large whiskers, dyed black. Tho late dissensions were completely forgotten. Hilda embraced hor sister fondly, 1 My dear, sho whispered, 11 we hay© heard all. Everything—everything is onangeu by theso fortunate events. They do you the greatest credit. George aho took hia hand and held it tenderly — " I cannot tell you how happy this news has mado uh all. You will bo rioh m tho coutsq of years. Sir Samuel was only saying as we camo along " 4 1 was saying, young gentleman, " the knight interrupted, 1 that tho most beautiful thing about money is tho way it develops character. We do not oak for many virtues— only honesty and diligence— from the poor. When a man acquires wealth wo look for his hotter quali ties." n "Yea, indeed," Hilda murmured. "His better qualities begin to show. . Elsie, dear, that is a very pretty frock. I don't think I bavo seen it before. How do you liko my dross?" ' George aeocpted this suddon turn in opinion Yvith '.smiles. He lnughed- at it afterwards. For the moment it made him feel almost as if ho was being rewarded for some virtuous ac tion. Dinner was announoed at 7 — such were the old fashioned manners' of this old gontlo- man. He led in Mrs. Arundel, and placed Elsie oil his lefh At first tho diuner promised to be a silent feast. Tho two lovers were not disposed to talk much— they had not yot re covered from tho overwhelming nnd astonishing events of tho dny. Sir Samuel never talked at the beginning of dinner — besides, there was turtle soup and red mullet nnd whitebait — it is sinful to divert your attention from these good creatures. His wife never talked at dinner, or at any other time, more than sho could help. Your statuesque beauty seldom doos. / Talking much involves smiling and' even laughing, which distorts the face, . A woman ' must encourage men- to talk;1 this Bhe can do without sayiog much herself. Presently Mr. Doring aroused himself and begun to talk with a visible effort, first to Mrs. Arundel of things casual ; tlion to Elsie ; and then to his brother, but always with au effort, as if ho was thinking of other things. - And a constraint fell upon tho party. AVhon the oloth was removed nnd the wine nnd fruit were placed upon the dark nnd lustrous hoard, ho filled a glnss and made u kind little speech. "My Partner," liossid, "I drink to you. Hay your connection with the Houso bo pros perous 1" It is a very groat good fortune for mo to hnvo found suoli a partner. — Elsie, I join you with my Partner.' I wish you both every hnppi- ness." Ho drainod the bumper and sent round the decanters. .Thon he bogan to talk, and his discourso was most strange. " Had it been," said his brother afterwards, " tho idle fancies of somo. crack- brained writing fellow, I could havo understood it; but from him— from a steady old solicitor — a man who has nevor countonnncod any kind of nonsense — to be sure he said it was only an iiinT sion. I hopo it isn't a softening. AVho over heard of suoh n man as Hint having dreams and illusions ?" Certainly no one had ever before heard Mr. Dering talk in this now manner. As a rule, be was silent and grave even at tho head of his own table. He spoke little and then grnvoiy. To-night bis talk as well as hisfaco was changed. AVho would havo thought that Mr. Dering should confess to illusions, and should rolato dreams, and should bo visited by such dreams? Remember that the Bpenker was 75 years of age, and that ho had never heforo been known bo muoh ae to apeak of benevolence. Then you will understand somothing of the bewilderment whioh fell upon tho whole company. He began by raising his head and smiling with a strange and new benignity — but Elsie thought of her portrait. "AVe aro all one family hero," ho said ; "aud I may talk. I want to tell you of a very, remarkablo tiling that has rccontly happened to me. It has been growing, I now percoivo, for somo years. But it now holds mo strongly, and it is one . roason why I am anxious to havo tho affairs of tho Houso in the hands of a younger man. ' For it may be a sign of tbo end. At 75 anything unoommon may boa sign." "You look well, Mr. Dering, and as strong as most men of 60," snid Mrs. Aiundel. " Perhaps. I feel well and strong. . The faot is that I am troubled— or pleased— or possessed by an Illusion." " You with hn Illusion ?" said his brother. "I myself. An illusion possesses me. It whispers me from time to time that my lifo is wholly spent in promoting tiio happiness of other people: " "AVell," said his brother, "bIdoo you aro a flint class solicitor, and manage the affairs of many people very much to their advantage, yon certainly do promote their linppinoss." " Yos, yos — I suppose so. My Illusion further is that it is dono outside my business — without any bill afterwards Cheokloy looked up with eyes wide open—" I am made to bcliove that I am working and living for tho good of othors. A ourious Illusion, is it not ?" The city man shook his head. "That any man can poBBibly live for the good of others is, I take it, alwovs and undor all eironmstanocs an Illusion. In the present state of sooioty— rand a very admirablo stnto it is"— he rolled bis bald head as be spoke and his voice had a rioh roll in it — "a man's first duty— his second duty — his third duty— his hundredth duty is to him- eeif. In the olty.it is his bnsinc'es.to amass wealth — to roll it up— roll it up "— ho'expressed the words with fooling—" to invest itprofilably —to watch it, and to nurso it as it fructifies — fructifies. Afterwards; when he is rich enough, If ever a man can be rioh enough, he inny exer cise as much charity ss lie ploases — as he pleases. Charily bcciub to please seme people as a glass of flue wine "—ho illustrated the comparison — " pleases the palate— pleases the palate." Tho lawyer listened politely; and inolined bis head. .. " -"There is' at least Pome method in my Illu sion,'' he went on.- . "Yon mentioned it. Tbo solicitor is always ocoupied with the conduct of other people's affairs. ; 'I'll at must bo admitted. He It always engaged iu considering how best to guide his follow man through tho Iabyrintbino world. Ho rccoives his fellow man at his on- trauce into the world, as a ward ; he receives him grown up, asaoliont; ho advises him all his life at every step and in every emergency. If the client goos into partnership, or marries, or buys a house, or builds ono, or gets into trouble, tho soli citor assists and advisas him. AVhon the client grows old tho solicitor makes his will. AVhon the client dies tho solicitor bccomos his executor and his trustee, nnd administers his estate for him. It is thus a life, ns I Haid, ent-rely spent for other people. I know not of any other, unless it be of mcdicino, that so muoh can bo said. And think what terrors, what anxieties, what disappointments, the solicitor witnesses and alleviates ! Think of tho family scandals ho huehas up and keops secret 1 Good Heavens I if a solicitor in large practice were to tell what ho knows, thiuk of the terrible disclosures ! He knows everything. Ho knows moro than a Roman Catholic priest, because his penitents not only reveal their own sins, but also thoso of thoir wives and sons, and frionds and partners. And anxiety, I may tell yon, makes a man batter nt confessing than ponitcncc. Sometimes wo bring actions at law, and issno writs and so forth. AVell, now ; this part of our business, whioh is disagreeable to us, is actually the most bcncfioont of any. Because, by means of the case hi ought before the high court of justice, we remind the worid that it must be law abidiDg as well as law worthy. The law, in order to win respcot, must first win foar. Force comes before order. The memory of force must bo kept up. The Srcaenco of foroe must bo felt. For instance, I avo a libel case just begun. It is rather a bad libol. My libeller will suffer ; he will bleed ; but ho will bleed for tho public good, because thousands who aro only anxious to libel and slander, to ealumniato and defame their neighbors, will be deterred. Oh ! it will be a most beneficent case — far reaching— striking terror into the hearts of ill doers. AVeli, this, my fricndH, is my Illusion. It is, I suppose, ono of tho many Illusions with which wo cheat old ago and rob it of its terrors. To anybody else I am a hard fisted lawyer, nxacting his pound of flesh from the unfortunate debtor, and making myself rioh at tho expense of the oreditor." "Nonsense about how a man gets rich," said the man of business. " He can only got rich if be is capable. Quite right. Let the weak go under. Lot the careless and the lazy starve." " All the same time," said Elsie softly, "it is not all illusion. There are others besides the oarcless and the lozy- — ' ', ' "Sometimes," the old lawyer went on, "this Illusion of mino — oh i I know it is only Illusion — takes the form of a dream — so viviil that it comes back to mo afterwards as a reality. In this droam, whioh is always the same, I seem to have been engaged in ' some great scheme of practical benevolence." "Prnotical— : — AV hat ? Yon engaged in prno- tionl benevolence?": the : ojty . man asked in pro found ostjoislimcut. The illusion was astonish ing enough;, but' to 'have hii brother talk of practical benevolence wsb amazing indeed. " Practical bcnovolencc,'.' repeated Mr. Dering. His voice dropped. His eyes' looked out into sunco ; he seemed ob one who narrates a story. It is a' curiously' persistent dream. Iteomes at irregular intervals; it' pleases me while it lasts. Oh! in the evening after dinner, while one takes a nap in the easy ohair, perhaps — it is, as I said, quite vivid.- The action of this dieam always take plnoo in tho same room — a large room, plainly .furnished, and looking out upon an opcnspcoe — Ishouldknow itiflaaw it — and it fills me with pleasuro— in my dream — just to feel tlmt I am — thero is no other word for it— diffusing happiness., How I manage this diffusion, I can never remember ; hut there it is— good solid happiness,' suoh as, in waking moments, ono feels to be impossible." " Diffusing happiness— you !" said his brother. ' ' . ' "A. very beautiful droami" said Elsie. But no ono dared to look in caali other's face. "This strange droam of mine," continued Mr. Dering, "does not form part of tlmt little Illusion, though it soems connected with it. And as I said, mostly it comes in the evening. The other day, however, I bad it iu the after noon—went to sleep in my office, I suppose. Did you find ma asleep, Ohoakley ? It was on Friday." " No.- On Friday afternoon you went out." " Ah 1 AVhon I came back, then — I had for gotten that I' wont out. Did I go out ? Strange ! Never mind. This continuous dream opens up a world of new ideaB and things .which are, I perceive, when I am awake, quite .unreal and illusory. Yet they please. I see myself, as I said, 'diffusing happiness with open hands. Tho world whioh is thus made happier consists en tirely of poor people. I move among them un seen ; I listen to thorn'; I seo what they do, and I hoar what they say. Mind — all this is as real and true to mo ns if it aotualiy happened. And it fills me with admiration of the blossod stnto of poverty. In my dream I. pity the rioh with all my heart. To' get rial), I think— in this dream— they must have praotisod so many de ceptions. " " Brother I brother 1" Sir Samuel held up both hands. " In my dream— only in my dream. Those who inherit riohee are burdened with the weight of their wealth; whioh will not Buffor them to entor into tho arena ; will not allow them to de velop and to cxcroiso thoir tsilents, and nfllicts them with tho mental and bodily diseases that belong to indolence. Tho poor, on the other hand, who live from day to day, Bometimes out of work for weeks together, practise easily tho simple virtueB of brotherly love, charity, and mutual helpfulness. Thoy havo learned to com bine for the good of nil rather than to fight, one against another, for solfiBh gain. It is the only world whore nil are borrowing and lending, giving nnd helping." "Brother this droam of yours is like a socia list tract." "It may be. Yet you bco how Btrongly it takes hold of me, that whilo I see tho absurdity of the whole tiling, it iB not unplcaBing to recall tho recollection of it. AVell — I do not know what sot me talking about this droam." The smiles loft his face ; he bccamo grave again ; ho ceased to talk; for tho rest of tho evening lib was once moro tho old solicitor, weighed down with the affairs of othor people. "Ohocklcy "—it was on thc doorstop, and Sir Samuel waited while his wife said a few fond things to ber sister — "what the devil oame over roy brother to-night?" "Idontknow indeed, Sir Samnel. I never heard him talk like that boforc. Doin' good to 'en ? : Sorvin' a writ upon 'cm is moro our line. I think ho must he upset somowhere in his inside, and it's gono to his head." . " Praotical benevolenoc ? Living for othor people? Havo yon heard him complain of any thing?" " No, Sir Samuol. He never complains. Eats hearty, walks upright and strong, works like he always has worked. — Doin' good ! Aud the blessedness of being pare! Seems most won derful. Blessedness of being poro ! AVell, Sir Samuel, -I've enjoyed that hlessodness roysolf, and I know what it's like. Any or'nary prcachin' obap might talk that nonsense ; but for your eminent brothor, Sir Samnel, suoh a laywer. as him— to ho talking such stuff— if I may humbly so speak of my ' learned master's words— it is — Sir Samuel — It really is l»— " He said it was a dream, rcmeinbor. — But I agree with yon, Checkley. It is amazing;" ''Humph 1 Tho blessedness of being poro 1 And ovor suoh a gloss of port, too I I thought I should hn' rollod off my chair — I did, indeed. — Hero's your good lady, "Sir Samuel.' " Elsio," said Mrs. Arundel in the carriage, ' I think it wns high time that Mr. Dering should tako a partner. Ho to dream of practical bonevolouco ? He to bo diffusing happiness with open hand? Oil ! most lamentable— I call it. However, thc docds ore signed, and we are all right. In ease of anything happening, it is a eomfort to think that George'B position would be only improved. (to be continued.) 