Salvation Armies. Vi,J ' - . ? fr Salvation Armies : Past, Present, and-Future " was the title of a discourse delivered in the Uni itairian Church on Sunday evening by ¿¡me Eev. George Walters. In opening the rev. gentleman referred to the early Hindoo faith, which seemed to^him to have been a bright and cheerful one before it fell under the blighted influence of the priesthood, who took the very soul out of it, but ?çhich was ultimately deliveredbyBtiddha. Brought lip, from childhood amidst luxury and splendor, Buddha was altogether unconscious of the poverty and misery existing around him, until one day bis heart was smitten at the sight of a poor, wretched man who chanced to cross his path. This set him thinking and led him to make father inquiries, only to discover that the earth abounded in such misery, whereupon ho deter mined to surrender his house and home, title and power, in order that he might go and live among his fellowmen to give them courage and hopo in their despair. One of the incidents related in con nection with the life and teachings of Buddha was the beautiful story of the black mustard seqd and the poor woman who sought his counsel and assistance as to a remedv for her child suffering from snakebite. Buddha told her that tho remedy lay in a seed- the black mustard ' seed-which she must obtain in some house Îhich had not been visited by the hand of doath. he poor woman started on her errand, but after calling at every house, returned weary of foot with the sorrowing tale that her search had been fruitless, andthatthore wasnot a single housethat had escaped. "Then," said Buddha, "you haye found tho bitter balm I had to give thee." Speaking of the popular doctrines of the present day he considered that the Salvation Army, though its creed was a horrible ono, could lay the best claim to consistency. Ho thought, however, it,did much harm by dragging religion down to the masses, instead of raising the masses up to a proper conception of what religion was. The Salvation Army of the future must leave all theological notions on one pide and work ration ally. This army of the future, he considered, .nrould be an army of schoolteachers, of. earnest men and women who believed in. a higher power and nobler faith, and would do all in their power to spread it among mankind. Every day problems would have to be faced, problems which were of much more vital interest to working men than discussions among theologians as to the personality of the Holy : Ghost. What cared men for the latter, sur rounded as they were with poverty and misery ? Men must first be lifted from such meshes, and given mor9 lofty ideas of God, of their own souls, and of the world in which they live. 