SPÍEI1S GOOií AMI» * TTXi. j According to |>sjchi>logÍBtB sod theosoph ists the appearance of wraiths, apparitions, doubles, ghosts, «te, of both Urine; and dead is on t'-e ere of becoming an established tact. This class of phenomena is spotten of in the theosophic language as astral appearances, viiich are visible on the astral p ans to the1 subtler «rnses : «hieb they term the astral «roses. Hrs Besant «ho has renounced ber ma eriaixstic teachings and become sa ardent and influential disciple of the later Madam Blavatsky, the great apostle of theosophy, claims that " the weight of evidence is enor mously on the side of such appearances ; that, in all ages of the world haman testimony has borne witness to their resiny." - Many people, no doubt, WM) possess the astral senses and who have had experience of phantasms and apparition«, wfll support this chum of the occasional visitation of -spirits. It is a well known fact that many bad spirits 'not only exist but exercise a most un who esome in fluence o - their victims,. An it is on this J account that Wolfe's Sehn .pps, Wie purest, ] beet, «nd mest ' wholesome of spirits, superseding all others. Beware of imita tions which are worth -ess shan«.* "NEVEE say die" ita suitable phrase of encouragement to the man who is in search of a liquor which wfll not do him any damage, but who has not yet dropped across tiie n ssc r.yD BREW, lhere is a pleasant surprise in store, for him, and he cannot go long wi-bout meeting it, Tor the celebrated beer in question is in such demand that it is almost impossible to go into a licensed house where it is not on tap. "Never say die "old man. but keep right on until you strike WEST Eso, then yon ¡can atop and enjoy yourself.* FEDERATION IB a subject which is daily attractine attention, and the day may. not be far distant when Hie whole of the Australian colonies will enter into» glorious combina tion 'for the common good. *Jhe spirit of good will und amity should he encouraged by all legitimate means, and of the countless drinks «old in the North, the WEST END BEEB lakes the cake tte one which promotes Mendsbip and- fraternal feelings, and bt.uu<hes an petty «pto ami hatoed. JJrinkit andtry.* . , ? SEW arrivals in Charte« Towers »re struck dumb wiih-ttoe^beajitiftd pearly teeth ot the residents,but as soon as they hearths* Mr J. B. Isjiin, the celebrat-d;dentist^.ltas: rooms here, they areno longer surprised, es they know th-«t in the South he waa one of tiie Sew who had the name of domg first- class workmanship, combined with artistic and \- finish. Care of 3 McTlermott, Tun usa agc ol projEreM.Edisau'e aerial machine, is practical proof of thia He emphatically asserts it will fie the «ole arb trament of peace and araron the planet we inhabit, and that within ten years. Bulwer 'ytton, in one of his master pieces of fiction, The oming Bace, introduces a peculiar componnd, known as Vrill. lt is neither shot, cartridge, hall, dynamite, n * ele tricity ; but an agency so destructireas to eclipse all the others combined. Lytton'* was purely and si* ply a t-eory which . xnanated from« hage brain with almost in xhau -table fe*t lily ? resource, Edison,* ú a stern "reality, ts* my his m whine ann sail títrjugh t e sir with a dosen occupai*? from Chicago or <.» York, or any other merimo to »TB or city to- bondon, Fans, or any of the great European centres, with st plosives which they can drop and destroy a city with, leering tbe defenceless people» smouldering ruin of hones and ashes, liongerity is the desire of most people.-bnt who would like to lire 4» ees .the nefarious designs of these inventors put into execution. But it most be admitted, if progress has in. traduced destructive aperies, it has also b oughi ns many advantages ; for instance, in our o wo little town, seethe many «on remenees we tare that we i nnerly could not obta n ! Instead of the th*old --fashioned ' shop with a little of everything, and «ut much of an-t mg, from which tou were compelled to select, no matter how distaste ful, now we have honres which snakes speciality nf one class of goods, «neb as Carroll's, of The Beopw's Boot Mart; in he barters Towers Store yon can get snore Boots and Shoes to aele.-t from than in all the Other »tores combined; he expl-ins it br saying, " I am not in the grocery trade or the furn it ure business,. don't oren keep iron mongery or eroekeryware-I simply sall Boots and Shoes, which I make a speeialitr : of ¡ 1 get them from every known partof the world from where they can be had with ad vantage; I open new stock almost every w -rking -ay in the year, and I se 1 them »t j prints which make competitor« «hake thei nead-and nod in a eignu cant way« eayirig >t cannot continue. Wdl, ithas continued for fire ye -rv, at the end of which tittie she pro prietory are «iring away half sovereigns as a bonus to his customers." We cay, fo>avo C»r.<ll ; go it, old man ; . ntrrpnsc Iii ey urs demands unlimib d success.* 