[ GOSSIP FROM VANITY FAIR. By .T.M.lJ. LONDON, Jan. 8. Unbusinesslike people, with ample stocks of stationery, are still dating their letters to friends "Jan., 1861," and then tearing up what they have written, not without the use of hasty language. The world in general has not yet, it seems, shaken off the hypno- tising influence of Christmas and the New Year. During the recent season of weapon taneous and dogged festivity, peace and good- will, the children and the female buyers of useless presents, at much enhanced prices of course, reigned despotically. The men, I rather fancy, have taken to writing letters to the' newspapers as a solace. In that field women and children do not as yet follow them. One brisk, , it" minor, newspaper controversy we owe to Mr. Arthur Baumann, M.P. for the Peckham division of Camberwell, a smart, not ill looking young Ministerialist, curiously resembling the first Napoleon in men and features. Three or four years ago Tory democrats expected great things from Mr. Baumann. He was one of Professor Jowett's favourite pupils at Oxford, and drifted into confirmed habits of oratory at the Union theme, of which he became president before going down. In Glasgow, of all places, there is an exceedingly wealthy colony of Jews, chiefly engaged in the iron trade. Mr. Baumann's family belonged to this colony. Jovvett's teaching had made him a Liberal; Mr. Gladstone's and Turkish crusade of '76 made young Baumann n Bcaconsfieldian Tory. Having apparently suffered pecuniary losses through investing in the shares of the Chartered British South Africa Company, he has complained to The Times that his interests have been mis- managed by that " considerable person" Mr. Cecil Rhodes, and by others. This was quite an exceptional proceeding, for as a rule dis- illusioned shareholders in ventures of the kind do not write-they seldom have sufficient money left to procure papers envelopes, and postage stamps. Mr. Hawkesfcy, long since formally consecrutedandenthroned as architect writer to the Chartered British South Africa Company, replying in The Times, did make a few points against Mr. Baumann, which one might perhaps have enjoyed if it could be for- gotten how heavily Mr. Hawkesley's encyclicals will be charged for in the shape of costs, and how very little of the money invested by the Duke of Abercorn, Mr. Cecil Rhodes, or the other Chartered Company's shareholders can remain, after the terrible " leak- age and "drainage" consequent on an attempt to start a baby empire in business, furnished with governors, police, and all the modern appliances, at a distance of several thousand miles, by land, from one's nearest base of operations. The only amusing part of this British South African controversy, which boiled over into the Pall Mall Gazette, was the intervention of Mr. Moreton Frewen, a wild and whirling bimetallist, brother-in-law of Lord Randolph Churchill. Moreton Frewen may truly say of his bi- metabolism, " a poor thing, but mine own ;" his esoteric Imperialism is largely due to the influence of Mr. Stead. The latter gentleman, in short, wound up Mr. Frewen, but forgot to "set," him by Greenwich or any other recognised time, and Mr. Frewen, whose parents and tutors rashly, and rather unkindly, taught him to write grammatical and even vigorous English, upw needs regulating constantly. Mr. Baumann proved to him that he really did not know the difference between a Royal charter and a limited company's articles of association, and then left him. Mr. Moreton Frewen, I believe, starts for a trot Australia-wards very shortly. Another newspaper controversy anent the legal game of cross questions to crooked answers has debouched upon the ample pages of The Times. So far the British public are clearly in the humour to look at only one side of the question while the cruel treatment accorded to that blameless and sensitive young tutor Mr. Roberts and the atrocious and irrelevant questions put to poor Major Hargreaves are fresh in the public memory. Of course, if the cross- examination of an Albert Grant, a Marks, or a Bottomley had recently brought home to the public that the truth can often only be discovered by searching questions to witnesses, the pendulum of opinion would sway over the other way. Meanwhile, nobody likes to say plainly that the grumble against the license of cross examination is, as far as the bar is concerned, largely a revolt against Sir Charles Russell a protest against his manners which do not exist, and customs which are declared to be growing beastly. This successful and famous leader is said to be degenerating into a bully and, what is perhaps worse in the eyes of the fastidious modern bar, a nuisance. It is a historical fact that a generation ago certain aristocratic and exclusive Whigs took counsel together and agreed that they could not stand this fellow Disraeli's" insolent and invincible malignity in the House of Commons. No mum but 0 ladstone, they confessed, was able to cope with this formidable and sinister swashbuckler of politics, as the Whigs and Peelites styled the Disraeli of thirty or forty years ago. Mr. Gladstone's rise and leadership of the Liberal party are largely due to the chagrin and bitter feelings against Disraeli, rife in those days. Similarly the other day, the bar put up young Gill as the only man able to muzzle Russell and take the conceit out of him in the Marks libel action, and these functions Mr. Gill fulfilled to the delight of all the inns of court. Sir Charles Russell's bullying is of a peculiarly irritating type, too, because it is insidiously intermittent. He occasionally poses as the lofty, punctilious, and dignified advocate of the old Chancery bar type. From a man like the late Edwin James-the typical Old Bailey bully and slogger-one expected nothing but coarseness and ferocity, and solicitors only briefed him when such qualities were required, New judicature acts have, of course, abolished specialists, and a leader like Sir Charles Russell transports when least expected the methods and manners of the Old Bailey in its liveliest days to whatever court he pleads in. There was something peculiarly nauseous in Sir Charles's references to that silly, guilty, childish creation of South Kensington and the illustrated lady's newspapers, Mrs. Osborne, as "the favourite goddaughter of my old friend Sir Henry James." This dragging in of the name of the Deity is generally superfluous, and in this case especially so. The imperturbable and witty Mr. Lockwood, Q.C., M.P., appears to have got weary of the cross-examination controversy, perhaps for the very good reason that, while the Bench and the bar are alone entitled to decide on their own procedure, it is hope- less to explain to the public the reasons for these decisions. He consequently invented in The Times, or I rather think, resuscitated from a forgotten novel of Charles Lever's, a delicious story of an outrage committed on himself by an insolent witness. The witness was supposed to deliver a neat repartee (which no English witness ever does), indicating that Mr. Lockwood was a beast, and " neither the Bench nor the bar seemed to be the least sorry for me," said Mr. Lockwood. All the London evening papers accepted this fearful fable of Mr. Lockwood's quite seriously, and declared that they were sorry for him. I once heard Lord Esher say that if counsel would take the trouble to raise the question of "protecting" witnesses from improper inquiries, the judge would be glad enough to give a ruling at common law which would satisfy the most sensitive. A letter signed "E. in The Times now says the same thing. As for the fugitive cause of all these tears," Mrs. Osborne, a great many people try to persuade their friends that they really desire she should be sentenced to five years' penal servitude. The simple fact that Messrs. Spink, the jewellers, refuse to prosecute her, and that they would lose very many good customers if they did, proves that there is a good deal of sneaking sympathy for her hovering about. The motive for the robbery seems to have been that a former lover was blackmailing the wretched girl on the eve of her marriage. There were awful letters in 1 existence, and she had to find money Borne how to satisfy her chivalrous correspondent.' Admiration for Captain Osborne's noble trust- fulness and generosity in espousing Miss Elliott, even before her character was completely cleared, appears to be umUminislieil among the majority of womankind. Mrs. Lynn Linton's comment on this aspect of the Pearl Case is rather characteristic. " My dear," she said to a lady with whom I am acquainted, " you know if men really insisted on waiting until their fiancées' characters were patched and domed and ironed out s; satisfactorily, there never would be any marriages at all," The " dear old Duke of Cambridge " has, at all events, written to Captain Osborne textually to the effect that Her Majesty could not afford to part with the finest representative of chivalry of the century." Nobody succeeds in being very sorry for the Hargreaves. 1 beheld Major Hargreaves, not long ago, at the Naval and Military Club in Cambridge- house-Lord Palmerston's old residence in Piccadilly sitting in solitude in the very room upstairs which used to be Lady Fal mers ton's charming little Louis Quinze boudoir, now transformed into a garish card-room. Although the Naval and Military gallantly refused at first by an overwhelming majority to believe Ethel Elliott guilty, it was clearly understood alway s that Major Hargreaves was a man absolutely incapable of committing any desperately good-or bad- action. Mrs. Hargreaves I remember very well at Brighton a few years ago. Her father was Colonel Weatherly, a singularly picturesque and stalwart ex Carbineer, her mother a daughter of Charles Martyn, who formerly commanded the Regi- ment of Blues. The importunities of Brighton tradesmen finally induced the Weatherly to emigrate to Cape Colony, and Colonel Weatherly and his son were stabbed to death by Zulu assegais on the bloody day at Kambala Kept, the father having cut down ever be many Zulus while defending his sons body Mrs Weatherly had pre" viously sought refuge in the hospitable homestead of John Dunn, the half savage African Irish chief and king maker, who was endowed with a slice of Zululand at Cetevvayos death, and who made a large fortune from, the sale of his innumerable children by Zulu mothers as slaves The Hargreaves were scarcely known at Torquay, a place given over to cliqueism and the ill humoured gossip of convalescents Society is, however, almost unreservedly enthusiastic about another affair of the heart, the engagement of Juba Marchioness of Tweeddale relict of Sir John Rose, a Canadian politician and banker, sister of Lady Jeanette Evans Gordon, a remarkably good looking young man of 28 'Hub will raakeLady 1 Tweeddale a third venture in main mony She imparts to her friends the confession that she married the first time for rank the second time for wealth and now intends to marry for good looks alone Lady 1 w cuddle base fortune of £9,000 a year, and is some where about the age of the Artrux but the really romantic point about her marriage is that for the last three or four seasons she has honestly but unsuccessfully striven to find a maiden heiress as bride of Evans Gordon Occasionally after cricket matches, races, and other outdoor entertainment one sees the hungry, unsuccessful vendors of fruit and cal es devouring their own unsold stock in trade The Marchioness is, perhaps, now about to wed on this principle The Duchess Dowager of Montrose has just figured as prosecutrix in a case of alleged larceny, a foreign person, who acted as cook in her establishment, having as she alleged, appropriated a portmanteau and carving knife belonging to her The jury however er, promptly assailed the accused, possibly on general considerations of abstract probability, because her Grace is well known to nourish Strange, unfounded suspicions Once upon a time she accused her son in law, Lord Greville, of stealing cigars Such an unhappy temper and mind often obscures those more solid virtues which a lady of title may possess, and perhaps that is the reason why the late Fred Archer who knew the Duchess on the surface very well, once bluntly said of her to a friend of mine, 'You see my lord, the Duchess w such rubbish We are all very much distressed at the news of the accident to Mr Irving's second son at Belfast The young man is an actor, like his father, and he had just left rehearsal at the Belfast Theatre, and had returned to his lodgings, when the report of a pistol was heard, and he was found in his room with a dangerous wound in the right breast It is said that he wounded himself, in a fit of absence of mind, while gesticulating with the pistol in the rehearsal of his part Mr Irving heard the news shortly before he had to appear on the stage as Wolsey He mastered his emotion, however and went through his part, from first to last, without in any way letting the audience into his agonising secret Both Mr Irving s sons are said to be born actors, though they have experienced little of their father a direct influence they were brought up by their mother and mother and father, owing to unhappy differences into which it is needless to enter, and which my civ e no serious blame to either have not lived under the same roof for years Mrs Irving does not bear her share of the burden of trouble with perfect equanimity She freely proffers her confidence on the causes of quarrel to any person, with an at- tentive, whom she happens to meet in general society, and nothing delights her more than to be able to demonstrate that she is the most suffering woman in existence, and that her husband, to put it mildly is not quite the most perfect of men that the children have learned to love their father seems to show the sterling worth of his character, though, in justice, it should be also allowed to count for some thing in favour of the lady who has a brought them up Mr Irving has been generous to her and to all his family-a princely liberality is, indeed, a note of his nature He acquires largely and he expends largely When he returned from America he took a mansion at Brook green, Hammersmith, solely for the entertainment of the friends he had made on the other side of the Atlantic He had received much hospitality in the States, and he had given many give tations in return But he reflected with dismay, just before starting for home, that if he attempted to honour all his own drafts of welcome with only his bachelor chambers in Bond street to draw upon, he would be sure to make default The house at Brook green was therefore taken and furnished by telegraph, and Mr Irving came back to find a palace The invited Americans and others followed hard on his heels and, for a time the place as like a cart ansary When the guests had come and gone Mr In ing found he had in further use for the house and life (Imposed of it and of all its costly fittings at a great loss Those fortunate people who are acquainted with colonial or official notabilities are lool mc forward to invitations to the banquet which it is proposed to give to Sir Robert Herbert on his retirement from some official ghost I forget which at the moment Sir Robert, I bear, rather disapproves of the idea as he holds that pul be servants ought not to accept any acknowledgment direct or indirect, that they have done their duty His late colleagues are however, most anxious that he should take a less Spartan view of the situation and as the Agents General inspired in the matter by Sir Saul Samuel, are unanimously in favour of a banquet to Sir Robert, they will doubtless have their way Strangely enough, the two theatrical events of the new year ' The Mountebank a and Henry V I II are linked to tragedies or possible tragedies Alfred Cellier, whom you in Melbourne knew as well as we did hen is not half as sincerity mourned either by the society world or by the art world as he ought to be, and would have been it he Eindhoven his time and talents wholly and solely to one world or the other. He tried to cultivate the two at the same time, and killed himself in the attempt Others among our musical composers are wiser in their generation An hour after the session of the Royal Aca lead of Music closed Dr H C Mad cure was on his way to Florence for a long rest away from London friends fogs, leases, and Rivoli ties I was minded to say a good deal about the first night of ' Henry VIII and especially of the curious apparition before the curtain of Johnson Forbes Robertson in response to a call, habited in greatcoat with late and umbrella in hand, so as to signify that not being a critic he was not going to Bup with Mr Irvine, after the performance, butthedeplorable revolver accident which has befallen that cheery single minded youngster Lawrance Irving at Belfast makes all the inevitable chaff about Irvingism look very poor stuff just now. 