TURF FL0TSA.M AND JETSA.M. B^ " Ndsquam Doitsiio." AeooiiDiNa to "Chester," ill the Sporting Si mdard, there have been some truly miraculous and mysterious performances on the Randwiclf training tracks of late. Frinstans The fastest gallop of the morning (Saturday week) was done bv Lady Lovel, who beat Marvelette bvoi'er threequarters of a milr by four furlougs in L21." After such a "doing" as that the fact that "Solon surprised everyone by belting Bueeleueh by a head over six furlongs, the In si furlong in JOscr." is quite I'oinmonplace. TheQucenslander, Realm, about whom we have heard so much, is thus descanted on by the Sydney tout:— "Realm pleases everyone by his consistency on the „u track, and I fancy Mr. liordern'S hor^ will run well name of all the gods at once were the jockeys on Ethelbei't, Candour and Two Up up to ? Had they a good linkiiiil the \viiv as well ? Of course seven furl-nigs iff' 2min. H73-ee. would 1)0 considered rather s!o«" woilc at Flemiiigton : but when one reads that - Affiance covered n mile and a-ba!f ))) 2min. 3rjai-« ." that ceitainly sounds like a bit of business. But hardly as good " hi?,.'' as Alliance seems to i>o. capable of, seeing that on tlio previous Tuesday (the same writer informs ua) " Elyinas nd Alii.mce were out, for a mile and a-half gallop, and everyone watched tbe spin." And it certainly must huv been with watching, considering the cbionit'le goes on to state that "they kept together until about six furlongs from home, when Affiance forged ahead and'von with the „.natest ease ,..,„„ iu ;„ 2tnin. .'Usee." !ii.«<>." "Now "Sow 2mii). 2mm. 31«cf. is uracil tbe beat, record ever achieved over a mile and a-kalf in Australia; and as Aflianco •• «,.u with the greatest ease," the clironiolor b-forirn-jntioiied is quite wai- rauted in „ ivint; it as ids - opinion that " Aflianee certainly slioH'i'd himself a fpeedy customur, and ere Ions he should prove dangerous." Only to the lay mind it aluiopt looks as if tbe time was a shade too fast to be say a matter often seconds or so. liATTLEit 11 's win in the Christinas Gift at Williaiiiston'i) on SatucJny stamps him af, prettv fair ueddv under a lijjht weight. He left fullv'half- a-d.izeu fast ones behind him. including Premier, Ifiipllwood, Palo Alto and Leah, covering the five turlon.ss in J mil), '.isec. Tun three favourites in the betting—Egyptian, Riverton nud Puzzle— finished first, second anil third iu the Steeplechase, Tom Corrigan piloting 1 he first-named home an easy winner bv hnlf-ado/.eu length*, the distance (about two miles) being ti- iivc«ed iu -tmin. USase. Davis and J. Carey, »'h.) rode Knight and Kifleman respect'ively, each sustained a severe shaking through their mounts coming to grief, HOMTOUN-had been doing such real good work on the Fleminston training track for some time past that it was but. little. eiuso for wonderment liiiit he should "-o out a 5 to 4 favourite against ei'rht. oi>posei-s'in the .lovful Handicap, of one mile. He was a wee bit slow off the mark, but once fairly settled Uom-ji in his stride ho commenced to overhaul the leaders hana-over- fist, 5nd "-ettino- on terms at the. distance he -wore Wiora. down, and beat her home by half a length -, Gr-ADdlike being third three lengths away, and the time lmiu 44«e = c Tbv Svilu"V sports had magnificent weath, r foi the tryst at Kandwk-k, and as the atU -in, e was la^e, and the fields good, nothing t to be desired. Linlmru and Escort were eiiuil favourites (at 5 to 2) for the two mile Htiidle Kice, but the Victorian-bred gelding (who WT piloted by Brewer) could not get nearer than fourth' Escort winning easily by four lengths irom Vanguard, who in turn was three lengths in •idv mce of Idle Boy ; time, 4-min. Use-.'. •H-TMt this event the -av and festive Friction oU:.e more the cause of friction a:I,ongst the steward- the majority of whom considered his peregrin itious during the journey .o wibbleywobblev in character that they suspended Keatin - from riding during the remainder of the meeting. Tub Villiers Stakes, ovei'six furlongsof ground, bears special significance at the present time from the fact thatthe Newmarket Handicap entries are due next Tuesday, the Mrd proximo. Well then, eleven started therefor; and of these Medina, Bonnette and Victor Hugo were most in favour at a to 1 each, Kuedeuch figuring at ti's, Priory at 7's, Two Up at S's, whilst from 10 to 20 to 1 was obtainable about the others, liuccleuch spm up, , „ „ balt-a-fnrlono- from home, he euchred Yeno by a leu'Tth for first place, half-a-length separating Priory from Veno, with Buccleuch fourth and Boimettu fifth ; time, Insia. lTuec. Toil Pavtkn sprung a bit of a surprise in the Trial Stakes, of one mile, which was won easily bv three lengths by liuskinito (a two-.year-old ull: tflly > by "Mft.rtim-lieuvy from Rusk) in the sLashin" ,"•'. •' ' P Rood t,me of Ijlarneystone third, the utuu eld being "ems constituted of eleven others. The J. B. Clark Syndicate were not so fortunate in the next event, huwever—the rich December Stakes, of 500 sove., for two-year-olds, over five furlongs of ground—as their filly, Madras (who stai-ted at (i to 4 in a field of nine), was beaten by Tom Hrown'a Panoply (by Sple.ndour out of Esperance) by a herd, Pnaramond being third a length awav, iu lmin. iisec. Pauoplv is the colt that turned up trumps in the Flemington Stakes at. the last V.R.C. Spring Meeting, and bids fair to come into prominence for the next Victorian Blue. Riband. Ol'k old friend Steelti-ap proved there was a bit of life still left ill liiui by carrying olf the Selling Plate from Gayiime, Lady Lovol, Aurelius, Aster, Bendigo and four others, and as be skipped over the mile iu limn. 42?sec„ it cannot be considered a bad bargain for Mr. J. M. Hart, to secure him fuv 200 sovs. It strikes me Steeltrap stands a iirst-class chance of landing a big stake one of these fine days. ,. , . hk A-J.C. Handicap, of a mile and. a-quarter. 0 V J y J"'l T' 6 , m °, ne Ut b,0 ?' U "' ht a field ot fourteen nevertheless, the majority of , ,-whom . were well .. known , . , , as of ,, racing ". fume. , The h M " 1 - "y P™^ i 1 "^-. <w Ai " x:l " d, ' r the quotations at J to 1, then coming Syracuse and Sunshine at 4- s, and Pilot Boy and confidence at Pilot_Boy lea tor the greater part ot the 6 i U ?i. , the dur- : e v came conine earned Aa ! It's the way of the world Last week Fat Kelly, (lie trainer of Ben Bolt, the sensational winner of the Caulfield Cup of IKfici, passed in hie cheeks in ttio Alfred Hospital. and now the vast majority of turf men acknowledge that the genial Patlanderwas a deuced sight better fellow than ever they gave him the credit for being when amongst us ii> this flesh. 1>eusosm,i,y I am extremely pleased at finding tbe disitwiiiliuatmn removed oil' Tom Saunders-, hut for all that I consider the V.R.C. have stultified, themselves somewhat by tlieir action. No man, even though he happens to be a personal friend of " Nunijuam Dormio." should be allowed to flout the constituted authorities with impunity. And Tom Saunders did flout the V'.K.L 1 . wh trespassed on the demesne at Flemiujjton. It is a Terrible Had Precedent to establish, my masters ! That's all i wish to point out. HoxfNa Uay was a fatal one for a couple of "lepper;:" Elton breaking bis neck at Caulfield, whilst Iiii?.7.an) siiocumbej '-ditto rcj)eato" at Handwici;. Biv/.».avd bad only recently been pU,,,|ias„j iiy Mr. lluniphrey Oxeuhaui. s emphasised his brilliancy at Bandwicl; on Mondny by defeating Hlarneystone, Victor Hugo and 12 otheis in the Christinas ]j:itlJicup, cutting out the uiile iu Iinin. 43set The Syndicate again came " kenvollop " in the Nursery Handicap, of fire furlong; An>;ola, (w-lio started a to 2 favouriteag-.iin.-t 17 others) going down before both Welcome Sjiec and Galvina. Welcome Spec had Kst. -JU.)., Galvma (ist. 711)., and Angola 7st. 111b. Welcome Spec won in luiin. Pob the Steeplechase, of about two miles and a half, ..„..,„..„ the Victorian Ulue and Whitejwas .. .. favourite - at to j. ]j,,,y. Ueggai- Boy and Huzza id coming next at 5 to 1 each, whilst 0 to 1 was on 0yel. airainst' a bay gelding named Albert, who was by that excellent horseman Jack Nolau. TUe latter won easily enough by two lengths from Vanguard, Idle. Boy being a bad third, 111 Omin. lsec. Then came the Suaimer Cup, for which I'avis was uot scratched until ten minutes to twoo'clock, Jlarvel being-then installed first favourite at 0 to l. Little Bernio coining next at 7 to 1, followed by Oxide at 10's, Klorrie at 12's, Noptune and Ilel Giorno at i-t's, Eealm, Syracuse, Aflianee, and JJlymas at aO's, and the others at 2.Vs. Twe.ntysix btarted altogether, Klymrte, Oxide, and Magnus being the leading three as they s»'fi|it into tho straight for home; but at this point Little liernie ca.rae with a terribly faat run on th« outside, and completely smothemg everything e!se won easily '5' four lengths from Mapus, «b« defeated Elyu... by a Head for second pUce , then counng Ox«te. Doncaster, EX., \ espas.a, and Marvel; time „tmn. JSsec. No sooner had Little liernie passed tbe post than he was immediately installed fiist favourite for Tat fa Cup at 4. to 1. K.ealm and Elorrie both came to grief through falling in the A.J C. Summer Cup, but neither / f ^ so young Cortis (son of the well-known sp irting^ medico, who owned Grafton), who had tbe misfortune to sustain a fracture of the " * collarbone through his mount, Mercutio, toppling over Buzzard in the Steeplechase. Neubjkek, to.>, had the misfortune to sustain a similar injury on the first day of the meeting, when Waiignnell-A fell in 1be December Stakes. Wanganella, who is a full sister to Maivel, and for whom Mr. P. Wentworth paid 1400 guineas as a yearling, had one of her shoulders badly injured. Therr was a very good attendance on tho Lord Northesk, Mr. de Moleyns, Mr. Aguew Ralston and Captain Willoughby, Tbe sport -was of a most- enjoyable character—save and except for the genus punter, «'ho never had the [ratification of seeing more than one solitary first favourite flash first past the post during the course of the afternoon- Still it was pleasant to witness the victories of two tip- to]) sportsmen in the principal orents of the day, and although Norbert started at the remunerative price of U t(J j in the Hopetouu Cup, it most not be forgotten that the Goldsbrough horse lias on several occasions finished "welly do'" in fiist-class company in mile and a-quarter and mile and a- half races. To proceed through the events on tlie programme seriatim. lvNruHT Of THE Gaeteh (list. 91b.) never left the issue of the uiile and a-haif Hurdle Race in , Joubt afer goiiio o.it of the straight as 1'red ^ise took him to the front, and eventually sailed home four lengths m advance of Sundowner, half a length behind whom ciime J ayforth, followed by »i a6 IWaanu. and Indolence started equal favourites lor the event at, H to 1 each ; lvmgbt of the Garter being at the remunerative odds of K to 1. Stamboul finished fourth, Eyry fifth aud Pateenasixth j time, 3mm. Osec. Twenty-two faced Mr. George Watsnu for the Hopetoun Cup, one mile and throe furlongs, Walter Hickenbofcham's Comedian eventually settling dawn favourite at 4 to 1, Marco and Airlie dividing second favouriteship at- 7 to 1 each, Tarcoola figuring at H to J, Bloodshed, Titan, .ffigyptus and Ravenswing atTO o i, Norbei t, Palo Alto. Dramatist, 'faurus nd Spokesman at 12 to 1. The start was a very naeven on< one — indeed throughout tbe day tho 'Prince" was never seen such as ho reilly was hen in form-but Dramatist, Comedian, .IVyptus and Norbei.t were, amongst the first to mofe, and as tll0J slvept <mt of tha stmi ht tbo or<Jl,l. B,as_ Dramatist, Comediau, In somnia, Norbert Ravenuwi n S and Taurus. At the back of tbe course Dramatist and Comedian were still in the van, being followed by Norbert, Insoinuia, Portland, lt«euswing, Titan and Taurus; but at the railway side Titan rail up next to the leader (Dramatist), Norbert heading Comedian, as also dill 'plim.laSi Tilreoo]a and Bloodshed. Dramatist led into tho straight, but on Hay making his effort on Norbert, Dramatist swerved right across the course, leaving Norbort to come on at his own sweet will and secure a victory from Uurus by three lengths, with Tatcoola a couple of lengths away third, Dramatist fourth, fallowed by Bloodshed, Airiie, Marco, Josephine, Clonard, Insomnia and Palo Alto; time (exceedingly fast), 2tum. 2'.Usec. BEJUJ BIHJMMEJ, (lOal. Illh.), with Tom Corrigati in the saddle, started ft 5 to 2 favourite in the Steeplechase, of two miles, but lie failed to get nearer Hi an third to Egyptian (lost. .lb) and Shylock (list. 01b,). IClton falling at tinlast fence and breaking his neck, Egyptian won easily by ten lengths, whilst Shyloek was a couple in front of the " Bean," who may bo heard of to better advantage anon. In the langua.ge of the poets—" Nuff sed." AHiMotei A Miracle! A Perfect Miracle! A Sell hi" Bace that wasn't a Selling Itace! Only fancy ! Seven horses started, the belting was— 2 to'l Kadoo, 6 to 2 Paddy, 5 to 1 each Greenwich and Sardo; and yet Greenwich beat Sardo. alter a desperate race, by a head, with Mercy Merr^k only three-quarters of a length away third. Oh yon know ! There must have been something radically wrong in the State of Denmark. Seven Starters", and at least Two Spinners, in a betting Jtece in Victoria! Gr»at Cajsar's Ghost! Have I lived to see such a consummation! And they scooted over the five furlongs in Imin. 3sec. No wonder Sam Cook's cast-ofl wa* bought ill for 10r, govs There's more Yellow Bait in the Observatory bloke yet, if you only bide your time, take my tip for it. THE Malvern Handicap proved a good thing for Lord Hopetoun, who started favourite at r, to 2, Berrigan running him close at 3 to 1. Apart from these two there wasn't mnch betting to sjrak of, a fact that must have caused the Argus importer to write in manner following " the day after the fair" :—" More than one rider did his best to avoid having his mount placed third, the barren honour eventually falling to Beverley. Well. Lord Hopetoun simply " walked m ' under such eireutnstauces, defeating Berrigan by two lengths in the cliiiking good time of lrnin. lojsec.—time which conclusively proves (especially when taken in conjunction wall Norbert's" performance) that Caulfield is every whit us fast as Fleraington nowadays. Beverley was onlv a head behind Berrigan, Ins nearest (ompugtiojn de vm/ai/c (most of them Not Wanted on the Voyage) being Cooyat, Knell wood, G rest'ord, Premier and Happy Jack. INDOLENCE stumbled at the first hurdle and brought down Solomon; Tillov, who was riding Indolence, receiving such m juries as to necessitate bis removal to the Alfred Hospital. NAP* has accrued a penalty of 7!b. in the V 14 C Criterion Stakes ; If night of the Garter a Tib penalty in the Hurdle Race; and Norbertone of kl'.b. in the Bagot Handicap, bringing his impost up to Hst. 1.1b. HALLOA! Hull.'a! Halloa! What's this ? The Noble krmy of Sweeps stigmatising one another ns running Bogus Ventures? Well, there's no doubt some of them are mere Confidence 1 ricks, and ns snob should be shunned by the unwary. It doesn't require the display of a very great deal of perspicacity to sift out the Genuine article from the lJo»us one, after all. Of the Bogus Sweep proprietor it may well be said," Thy speech bewrayeth thee No doubt the unexampled success achieved by Mr. George Adams, cf Tatters-all's Hotel, Pittstreet, Sydney, has caused a number of " no visible support" individuals to lr.v and ape him in tlie hope of receiving a moiety ot the business entrusted to him. Hut to the general public I would say—'Ware hawl:!—Be a little fly"! To put it in another fashion, let us have an old friend in a new phase— " Will you walk into my parlour ?" Said the Spider to the Fly. " Well, hardly," said the Insect, As he winked the other eye. " Your parlour has an entrance, Hilt of exits it is shy; So I'll stay outside in safety, And remain a Little Fly." TALKING about Sweeps reminds me that in one of Tatteraall's (George Adams') latest Consultations on the Summer Cup ticket No. 2S,28» was specially fortunate, as it came out for a ^ prize, and ou being put bask with the other 49,f)!)9 the Raine numbered marble again came out for a .£10 prize Now, I would like some kind-hearted individual with half-an-hour or so to spare to sit dawn and work out for me tlie exact odds against such a contingency as that happening again with 50,000 marbles. Bar if that is too difficult here is another problem much easier of solution :—If " Sterling | tells the truth Once in Three times, "Cranbrook Once in Five times, and "Olympus" Once in Ein-ht times, what are the odds about the correctness of a statement made by " Cranbrook." and confirmed by " Olympus," but denied by " Storliug'" Now that is a fair and square problem capable of solution, and 1 am empowered by the proprietor to state that everyone sending in the correct answer ('accompanied by current coin ot the realm to the value of twenty-six shillings) prior to the New Yen- will receive ft valuable souvenir (in the shape of MELBOURNE PUNCH) weekly for the space of twolvo calendar months. That uiunificnt offer kinder knocks the stuffing out of the Pen-son's Weekly "Missing Word Competition there's so much p.wtvow over m Loudon at the present time. TOM SAUNDEBS is once more as "free as the air " the V.R.C. Committee, at a recent meeting having decided on remitting tlie remaining portion of his " rustication.'' 