Local aii Henri! 1m. BANK HOLIDAY.-The viariouB banks in town will be'closed to-morrow (St. Patrick's Day.) CHEAT BHEEP.-In the Liverpool district last week, 1,200 prims sbeep were sold for £78 or about Is 3d per head. Tim Dnononr it Wiloannia. -At Wilcannia so deplorable is tbe condition of pastoral affairs by reason of the drought that sbeep are dying in large numbers. TEEE Plantim.-The Municipal Council ol a proyinoial town in New South Wales has, up to date, expended £1600 in planting shade trees in the streets. COLO MONTH.-A cablegram from London says that the present month of March is the coldest which been experienced in England during the last 22 years. GOOD 8hoojtno,-ItiS^aid that 500., ducks were jjhQt at li&ke; George, N. 8. W., on th^, opening day of the season. One man killed 15 in one shot. Good shooting, eh ? Bbokkn HILL Wbatheb.-The weather at Broken Hill has been fearfnlly hot last week, 126 deg. being registered in tbe shade on some days. The rush for water still continues. ANNUAL Licensor COUBT.-Licensees of public-houses must send in their applications for renewal of their licenses at least 14 days previous to tbe annual fjcessing day, the Gth of April. The applications must be sent in to the O.P.8. in duplicate. TBE Bdlimba ELECTORATE.-It is understood that ^ requisition trill be presented to Mr. B. > H.Babbi≥, Of Salisbury, requesting him to contest the vaetmt seat iatttulimba, in opposi tion to the Hon. J. fi. Dickson. ' Mr. Gresley Lukin has nlsoisBued an address to the electors. AN OLD Wabwicbjte.-Mr. J. A. Canny, dis trict inspector of schools, delivered a leotnre on Monday evening in the Hibernian Hall, Gympie, the subject being A sketch <Jf early Irish his tory, entitled " bet Erin remember tbe days of old." The prooeedB vflml' t&Wards; Improving theldiU.' - . ; hniivsszi AT DnswiCH. -Influenza has broken ootln the asylum tot the aged at Don wic^.',jliately over fifty inmate;, principally women, were1 reported tobe suffering from the disease. In some cases pneumonia supervened andonejof .the inmates died of the last-named complaint. . < THE or BtntbABBKo.-The (Mor tality in Bniifcabei); for t$>» inonth oi February was heavjerthanlorany other month in the history ofilrii4own, vtz.t'eighteen deaths in the same nnmberof days: The deaths oeontred principally amongthiiann, as in' thtir' ranks no less than fifteen todc'place. ODDFELrloWsmS1.-A summoned meeting of the members" of the Boaft'of Warwiok Lodge, M.U., will'be held in the Oddfellows' Hall this (Wednea3ay)(<eveninA. ? The business is the appointment bf a delegate to represent the lodge at tbe forthcoming 'A.M.C. Meeting to be held in ,T«tpjvoomba on/Easter Monday, and genejaLj.;;: . ti VtoMSB tb|i» is« Dmuqot.-As iUnstratlrig^ khfe-^evaBtaiionxit tUejsjjbits, it is stated that' tHe epunhy west of the Darling in New Sonth Wales is much worse that; ia, 1888. In that ^yaat only two Inohes of tain fell. Last year that part of tbe country was blessed with ten inohes, quite a bountiful allowance for it. In 1688 th ere were hardly any aabbits there. Now j they hbound in millions. Drought is bad but I bnnny is worse. I BUM IN MAIZE.-A Windsor telufnun in the e. if. Herald etatep that theFtajntfuy of 'the i Wilberforco Progress'Assooiatita lias' been in structed to write to thj. jf^pfrtment of Agri culture, requesting. tWfan,efptrf be sent up to inspeot the crtijtB Of lAalze affeoted by rust and smut. A greet pMportiom of this produce iq affeoted this season. '.'A atnapetent authority asserts that inaize will pot be able to be pro daoed at all from borne of tbe land in a oouple ol years, and he advocates the nse of lime on the land. WABWICK Hma SCHOOL.-Owing to the many applications Mr. Lee has received fn>m town and country for next quarter, be has deemed it advisable to add another assistant to his teach ing staffr The gentleman 4n question is Mr. Qonnan.'ot the Royal Irish University, who was trained in the sohools ol the old country, and'who has had a successful teaching experi ence of eight years in acme of the leading ; High BchoolB and Colleges of the neighbouring colony of Mew South Wales. Mr. Gonnan bears with him from tbe heads of these insti tutions, exoellent reference* certifying to his character ai a gentleman and to his abilities as a teacher. We aro further .Informed, that an Eloontibn and Debating Olate has lately been established among the boys ol the above sahool. This ire considor 8 step in the right direction. RESIGNATION ACCECTED.-It is notified that I the resignation ol C. E. Hayes, as a trustee of the Warwick llacccourse, lias been acccpted. [ GLEKOALUX DIVISIONAL BOAED.-An appeal court against tho valuation adopted by the Glengallan Divisional Board will lie bold at the Court-house on May 13. ComtncxioN.-Mr. 12. J. D. Maekay, B.A., appeared f or the plainti/lx in the case of the Singer Machine Company v. M. Davitt heard at tha Warwick Petty Debts Court last Wednesday. TO.HAY'K AUCTION S.u.Et.-The auction sales to take place in town to-day aro as follow H. C. iiansome-At 2 o'clock sale of land, cot tage, and household furniture. McDougaii, llobinson, and Savile-At 2 o'clock, sale of a quantity of household furniture and sundries. Huw POSITIONS CHAJJOJ;.-One of Cobb's new drivers on the wostern country in Now South Wales was a suburban parson for several years Ho was recognised on the box by an old parishioner on a late trip,(but the driver threat ened to punch his head if he revealed his identity. EMU VALE SroitTs.-We direct attention to | the programme of tbo Emu Yale sports which , appears in our issue of to-day. The sports i have every appearance of passing 00 success fully. The Killarncy traiu which leaves at I noon to-morrow, no doubt will be availed of by I those townspeople who wish a run out to the country. MiuiHTmtiL Inquib*.-A magisterial inquiry touching the death of Ivor Christiansen, who committed suicide by drowning at Vangan on Monday neck last, was hold before Mr. i James Kemp, J.I1., on the 8th inBt. A large number of witnesses were examined, and the depositions taken were ordered to be forwarded to the Attorney-General. The Electoiul BOLLS.-The Observer says The example sot by the Barcoo electors shows the necessity for every man having his name on the electoral roll. The time for the sitting of the courts is coming round, and sinco a general election is close at hand attention should be given to the matter by those who do not desire to find themselves disfranchised. A RiViNo LUNATIC.-The prisoner Lavelle, who recently attempted to bill hiB father by chopping at him with an axe while his father was asleep in Mb bunk at a survey camp at Currawildi, below St. George, was on Tuesday taken under escort of the police to Woogaroo lunatic asylum, in compliance with an order from the authorities in Brisbane. Tcg-of-Wah.-Tbo team to represent the " Bonny Native Blues" in the tug-of-war event to be pulled at the sports to-morrow evening j will be chosen from the following:-T. Sbeahan, D. Murdoch, C. Sohnitzerling, G. Aspinali, W Beibelt, A. Furoess, H. Harrison, B. Clcary,J Campbell, M. Mullins, W. 3. Magarey, J. Carr, E. Aspinali, W. Kelly, O. Ingham, and J. Beibelt. Mr. W. Collins has been chosen captain of the team. . Cbicket.-The Oaxton O.C. have decided to aocept the challenges to play the Dalveen and Darkey Flat Clubs on Easter Monday next on tluit own grounds. The final match for the Benjamin Cup will taka place between the Alberts and Zingari on Saturday next on the Blade Park wicket. At present the '. Gypsies" seem to be favourites. The return match be tween Toowoomba and the Zingari will be played on April 2 at Toowoomba. The Tentebpield Snow.-The Tenterfield show opens to-day, and will be continued to morrow and Friday. The event promises to be. a very great success. The entries in all classes reached 8016 up to Saturday last. The jump ing contest, it is expected, will be keenly oon teited, and reoords may be looked forward to. 'Btfonal exhibits of sheep and etook left War wick by special train on Monday afternoon last. It is very unlikely that any of the members of the Queensland Government will be present at the show. The near approach of {he opening of Parliament will effectually prevent the Ministers from visiting the Border town. ST. Pmmck'S SroBTfi.--The annual celebra tion to be held on the exhibition grounds to morrow, nnder the auspices of the Hibernian Society, promises well to turn out cuocesifuUy. The number of attractions that have been intro duced will no doubt have the effect of bringing together a laige number of townspeople as well as country folk. All arrangements have been male to cany ont the itemB of the pro gramme In a business-like manner, more espe cially is this the oate in the tug-of-war events, which all spectator will witness without any inconvenienoe. Amusements have been pro vided for three evening's sport, during which tha eJeotrio light will fie exhibited. The physi cal drill competitions will be held under electrio light, as well as the running of the fiobl ot the handicap footrace. Danoing will be kept up in the building during the day and evening. SELL'S GBEAT Cibccb.-This large combina tion will (says tho' TenterfieU Star) mske thelr stoppage here on -return from Queensland, as definite arrangements have been made for them to pass through on the 10th proximo, north ward bound. They will on their return visit several-towns omitted in their progress. The' company on going through here on the above mentioned date Drill ocoupy three special trains, and the border authorities have neen notified to haye given permission for the enjiy in Queensland of a pcrfect mob of wild beastB, in cluding 76 horses and ponies, lions and tigers, elephants, camels, hippopotami, and other ferae naturae. The whole gay congress of oreation will astonish Baiihnaland for a brief period and then tickle Tenterfielders on or about 35 proximo, flfl before intimated.' The visit of such a troupe vrill be an advent long to be rc membered if it comes in all its entirety. ACCIDENTS.-Quite a number of accidents have occurred .since our JaBt that we are oalled upon to chronicle. Early laBt Saturday after noon, a son of Mr. Glover's, aged &bout; 14 years, was bringing a load of wood down Pal merin- street, he being seated on top of the load. The horse took fright in the street, and bolted. In. trying to pull him up the lad fell in front of 4be dray, one wheel, passing oyer his leg, caus iing a mwture of the thigh and other injuries. 'The lad was picked up without delay and taken to die hospital, where he is doing <as well as can be expected.-Again on Saturday afternoon another accident of a less serious nature took place. The Misses MeDougall, of! LJndhuret, were proceeding to town* and when "descending the Mile Endhill the horse bolted. Having reached the foot in Baiety the horse swerved suddenly, which had the effeot of throwing both the ladieB out. Fortunately they escaped with nothing more than a shaking a.nd^ a fright* The horse g&llaped; towards home again, but on his way came into oollislon with: a telegraph pole and wrecked the vehicle.-About ^ six o'clock on Saturday afternoon* a rather serious accident occurred at the Queen gold^ mine, Thane's Creek, resulting in severe Injuries to a miner named William Ross, it recent arrival at the mine. It Appears that three shots (dyna mite) had been put in the shaft, and the fuse having been ignited Boss and his companion were brought to the surfacc. Two of the shots went off, the other one missing fire. After some time Boss descended the shaft again, but had not been down long when a third explosion ocouircd. He was, at the moment working at the shot- hole, and re ceived the force of the explosion on the chest, face, and left fore-arm. His injuries, though severe, are not owBidered dangerous, a circum stance'Said to be due to the fact that only the " priming " of the shot M which lie was work ing went off. The injured nmn wu brought into town the same night Wy 'Mr. Elyne (tho manager). Ho was taken to the hospital, whore his injuries wore attended to at onoe. "We understand tho Warden has appointed two practical miners to inspect the shaft in wmish the accident occurred, and will in due courgo hold an inquiry. JUBBIT-PHOOP FENCING.-Tlio Queensland Government received 12 tenders for the supply of 400 miles of rabbit proof notting for uec un tlic southern border. The tender of Uessrs. L.vsaglitand Co., Sydney, was accepted. The amount is slightly under £20,000. GOLD AT TOOLOOM.-The Tcdterfield Star eaj-B that there has been something in the nature of a small rush to Kangaroo Flat, Too loom, where the hopo of striking rich alluvial findB has been stimulated by two prospectors finding a nugget of 2ozs and another of 28dwt. THE SWIMMING BATHS.-Mr. Allen writes us stating that lie cannot carry out his intention of giving his pupils some fun at the baths to day, in consequence of tbe river having risen considerably yesterday. Bathing under such circumstances as at present would be incon venient. THE a RAND drawing of prizes on the art union prinoiple in connection with St. George's Lodge will take place in the Masonio Temple on May 24 (Queen's Birthday.) There are a very largo number of valuable prizes offered. Tic kets are now available at Is each from any member of the committee.- [ADVT.] MM.LA. IN PitiuoK.-Says a New South Wales contcmporay: - " Ah 1 another cx M.L.A. sent to Darlingharet," mid JJrotyn last night as he folded up his paper. "Yes," re plied Itobinson, " there'll soon be quorum there, and when thoro is they'll do as much useful work as the fellows wo pay £0 a week to." THE Bra MO&TOAOE; CASE.-Tile big law ease now being tried in Brisbane has now reached its ii7t.li day and the jury fees alone are con siderably over £500. From the character ot tlia jaiy they will require all their irraina (o decide the hundred and twenty-one issues laid before them. The four ablest men in the colony might find tho same difficulty. THE UtmaKH Maize Caors.-Bepotls from the Mudgee district of New South Wales say that the maize crops on the river and creek flats look remarkably well. Some of the far. mors eay that never before have they had such a promise ot good crops. On the other hand, the crops on the elevated lands look very miserable, and much of thorn wjll have logo for etock fodder. j MORE Contoabano CIOABS.-Inspector Wassell reported to the Collector of Customs on Satur day that on the arrival of the steamer Chingtu from Hongkong he seized 1400 cigars and 81b. of Chinese tobacco. Sis hundred of these cigars were found concealed in the coal bunkers, mABOO between the mattrasses in the saloon cabin. The tobacco was found sewn up in an old mattraas in the Chinese stewards' quarters. THE BABCOO ELECTION.-The Wide Bay Keuii Bays-The result of the Barcoo election is now complete. fiyatt, the labour candidate, has polled nearly two to one for those polled byihB squatters candidate, having been choBen by a majority of 201. The result is a very decided slap in the fade for the Government, who Were working stiongly againet his return. The looal newspapers were also opposed to Eyan, and the Premier himself lately visited the Central Dis trict with a view to favour Campbell's return. Last year Eyan appeared before the Supreme Court oharged with conspiracy; to-day he is a member ofJ'arliamettt. A GHOST BTOBY.-An alarming development of ghostly enterprise is reported from the Ana condacopper mine. A spectre has appeared in the lower levels of the mine, where his pres-1 ence is proving as great an obstQction to busi ness as a visitation of fire damp. The miners declare that it is the spirit of their late foreman, basing their conjecture upon the ghost's fami liarity with bis new quarters. However this I mar be, the works are virtually at a standstill: owing to the alarm created by his presence; and the position is becoming so critioal that the company ma? £nd it seoesssry, as a last re source, to offer a large, reward to anybody .who ; will rid their property of the ghostly trespasser. GOOD News 1111 - Tho new Paroel i'ost Delivery enables Bushel! -and Company to olear the colony of Packet, Tea/as they can send 10 lb. of their rich 2s. Tea to any address by the new paroel post delivery jh iQoeenslana at 2s 2d. per lb, smaller quantities at2sSd. per lb., Bbd 101b of their, grab! la Sd, JTea at Is lOJd. per lb., smaller quantities at it lid. per lb. These teas are'Wwth^ieAuJy doable thi pripe charged for them,, as one-half the usual Quantity is only required. ; - Addr#a» frith poStalf note or poat offloe'tiraBri, to Btfafhell. aal Co the Tea Men, 188 and 140 Qaeen-streOL Bris bane. F.S.-People rteiding not within the new Paroel Post Delivery, could liave it left at the post office nearest to them until called for.-[ADVT.] Intended EEBIOKATION or MB, C. POWEBS, M.L.A.-Great regret, will be felt (says the Wiit Bay ffcim) at the contemplated resigna tion of Mr. 0. Powers, member for the Burrum, a gentleman who has done very gopd service to Maryborough and the diBtriot in particular.' Mr. Powers stated At Ohilders on Friday night, tJf*t hi» private business demanded tbst he dtould retire from polittpa for a timt, but not until the extenilon tit Pojyneji^ti labour had men carried.- As Postmaster-General, the member for the Burrum carried out several needed improvements and we trust his absence from the House will aot be for a lengthened period. Several names ate already&ientioned; as his successor. Mr. Peter O'KShy, sugar planter, has consented to-fcsoome a candidate br the representation of the Burrum in the Legislative Assembly on Mr. C. Powers retiring. Mb. M. J.Ashworth, of8.Brisbane,saysI' have great pleasure in writing to inform yoa what has been the result of using St. Andrew's Liniment, Some years ago I got * severe wetting, which brought on a bad oold and rheumatic pains. These have increased as I have grown older, until at times they htwe been aimost unbearable. We have spent pounds on dootors and medicines, but with no lenefioial result. About three weeks ago, 1 had a worse attaok than ever; my sufferings were very severe, X was confined to piy bed* could not Bleep ar rest, and was almost afraid to move. Mr. Ashworth brought a botfla of St.' Andrew's Liniment, whioh he said would do me good. He applled it aocordingjtjaireotions, and I soon got relief, and slept irefftbat night. I have continued to improve ever sinoe. and seldom, or over feel stay fcain. ' I hnva tjnly used ons bottle and oommensea a second. I strongly recommend it to anjf one suffering from rhenmatio pains, if they will follow tb« 'in structions carefully, 'heji ftcoertaip to get relief.' For further p&rt;«utar? apply So &sv;' Jus.'Stewart, New Fa«&£ Brisbane, or John B. P. Adams, 142 Queeb street, Brisbane. [Abvt.] BLACK Iiabob Qcestion Discdsbed AT Ludley. -Last week the quiet town of Laidley broke out, and veiy badly too, in a fresh place (says the D. V. QaeetU). A meeting was called to support Sir Samuel Griffith's manifesto, but the ranks of Iarrikinism, under the leadership of a professional agitator and a Bible colporteur, endeavored to take possession of the meeting. The respeotablo element was too strong, how ever, and motions favorable were carried be fore the unwearied yellingand1 blackguardism of tho rowdies had cleared the hall. One of the hostile amendments proposed stated " that this meeting views the lafijr question (tie) with horror and disgust!" THmnarbers naturally cotlesced into an onan-air meeting, and a lorry not being procurable, were fain to requisition a common cart.( A couple of- boys distinguished themselves by taking a leading part inthe prq. ceedings, ana their motion denouncing black" labor was nut and carried. A Mr. Walton gave a free-and-easy song about a Salvation tea fight, followed [>v way of encore with <f A flower from my angel. mother's 'gtareS/ gomqUiina supposed to be an effigy of Sir S., W. flflfflth was then sprinkled with kerowno, but the police warned them not to raise a fire, when the overflowing indignation of the mob vented itself in kicks. The Locker Star publishes q, eht-colunm report of what appears to have been &u; exhibition that would not have misbecome the bnck'siwms of London. 