The Sydney Morning Herald. WEDNESDAY, MAY 25, 1892 Yesterday was observed as a general holiday, in honour of the 73rd anniversary of the birthday of her Majesty the Queen. Heavy rain foU for the greater part of the day, and many of tho holiday events were postponed. By the heavy rain on Monday night and yes- terday morning, the old Paddington rango was turned into such a quagmiro that ic was out of tlio question for troops to do anything upon it.. Tho roview had, therefore, to bo abandoned. , Tjieius was, however, a parade in tho Victoria Borraokg, und tho troops wore then disbanded. Tho cavalry troops, headed by tha regimental band, rodo through tho oity, and presented a line nppoarunco. Last ovening tho Governor gavo an ofBoial dinnor in honour of her Majesty's birthday. The Earl of Glasgow was ono of tho guests. Owino to tho inolemont weather the indoor places of amusement woro orowdod to thoir utmost capacity. In tho evening there was not standing room in the thoatres and concert halls. ¿ ,' The Queon'8 Birthday Meeting of the Sydney Turf Club, which waa to have boon hold yester- day, was postponed until to-morrow. Yestkiiday'b train and tram traffio was ox ooptionaUy light for a holiday. The number of railway passengers waa 22,929 as against '1-1,900 ior the sanio holiday on tho previous year. Bbilliant weather favoured the Adolaido Racing Club's Birthday Mooting, whioh was attondod hy no less than 20,000 people. Mr. "W. R. "Wilson's La Tosca won tho Birthday Gup, the prinoipal ovont of tho day. Tub Minore' Federation Board doalares that tho terms submitted by the Durham colliery owners for resumption of work by tho miners aro equivalent to serfdom. ! YESTERDAY a Ministerial conference was held for the consideration of the best means of affording assistance to the most deserving cases of distress arising out of want of employment. It was decided that relief shall he granted in cases of actual distress amongst the wives and families of unemployed men, but strict investigation will be made into each case. TiiEbarquo Elizabeth, bound from Sydney to Rotterdam, has been wrecked on a rook about 000 miles to tho north-west of Rookhamplon. Tho captain and crow woro fifteen days in au open boat, but wera picked up by tho steamer Victoria, which arrived at Cooktown yesterday. A scheme for tho commercial union of tho British Empire, baBod as nourly as possible on freotrado linos, íb ,to bo submitted to tho London branch of tho Imperial Federation League. TnnEE gentlomon, from whom the successor to Professor Jonks, of tho Melbourno University, is to bo ohosen, havo boon nominated by tho counoil of legal oducation for tho colony of Viotoria. The pricos roalised for tho grapes tnkon to London froih. Molbourno by tho R.M.S. Orient havo ranged from 10s to 30s por o.tso. It is thought probable that tho proposed con- version of tho Auckland Xturbaur Board loans will fall through, tho terms oft'ored being looked upon as unfavourable. Oiu- has boen seratohed for tho Dorby. A new OddfeUowB' Tomplo was opened in EUzabeth-streot yesterday, tho oeromony being performed by Brother James Nowton, M.L.A., Deputy Grand Siro. Tho principal hall in tho building posscBBos seating enpaoity for 900 per- sons. In connection with the inaugural ceremonies a banquet was hold in tho nfloruoon, and in the ovouing a ball was givon. At tho bnnquot reference wbb mado to tlio establishment ol' tho Oinnd Lodgo of Australasia, whioh it was contended proved tho foosibility of bringing about tho political federation of the colonies. Yestekday tho children at tho Randwick Asylum wero Hiippliod with nn abundaneo of plum pudding, loast hoof, und delicacies. A NUMiiER ol' ratepayers having objected to pay a special ruto levied ou a portion of South-west "Ward, in tho municipality of Balmain, the council has decided to test its powers in thin i cspoct by bringing a enso in tlio Dibtiict Court. The spocial rate wus ltviod on thono properties which will Ceeelman and Oo., Sydney Arcado, find tho appreciation and demand for their Plnriuotypo Photographs to bo steadily increasing.-fAuVT.] bcnofit by tbo construction of tho Bonltio-strcot sowor. ' ' ) Ix uti address dolivorod nt Wagga on Monday night, Mr. Sponco, prosidont of tho Australian Shearers' Union, snid (lint tim now unionism did not seek to gam its ends by strikes, but by poli- tical reforma. Ila immocUnto ainiB, ho said, -\vero not-larming. EnrrV-Two vessols woro loaded -with coal nt Nowonstlo hist woek. Mn. A. 0. S-gubk hnR boon olootod to fill tbo oxtiaordinnry vacancy in tho Legislative Comioil of Viotoria for I hu representation of tho North Eastern proviuoo. Tim Pnblio Works Dopnrhnont of Viotoria has under consideration n proposal to drain Liiko Buloke, in tho mulloo oountry. A-DEni-Ax E. M. Cijlkk has boon Bolootod to AU Uio vacant office of Mayor of North Sydney. It is announced that tho Swedish-Australian Antarctic expedition has fallon through. ' Bab silver is quoted nt 3s 4}d per ounce. M. Mkhcit.b, Into rromior of Quoboo, is to bo prosooutod upon threo ohargos of malfoosanco. A meeting; of tho shareholders of tho South Australian L.ind Mortgage and Agency Company, held in London, him rejected tho roport of tho diioctors. A poll wnB domuudod on Uio question of tho adoption of tho report. t Mu. GKOncra Musqhovk, tho -«-oil-known tl.oatrioal mnnuger, arrived in Molbourno yester- day from London. Tun Launceston Municipal Council has adopted a soborno for lighting tho city by oloctrioity at an estimated cost of £15,000. Mr. CoanLAN's tabulated statements oí trndo and shipping for tho year whioh appoared in a recent issue of the Herald, afford us an interesting moans of comparing tho position and progress of tho eolonios of tho Australasian group. The idea that tho growth of tiny of thoso in wealth or numbers, is in any way an injury to tho others, is not ontortained by any ono ; but, on tho con- trary, it is now recognised that tho pios po'rity of oaoh is a gain to all, and that, making allowance for the not unrcoson ablo feeling of healthy rivalry existing among a cluster of spirited communities, wo can oaoh honestly rejoioe in tho sound advancement of all. At tho same timo there is nothing unwholosonio in the sen- timent of satisfaction with whioh wo notice how our own colony loads tho van. This is shown to sonio extont in tho number and tonnage of tho vessols enter- ing and loaving the ports, though in this comparison th_ colony suffoi s from Sydno}' boiug the last port of arrival and tho first of doparturo in voyages that make the oircuit of tho neighbouring ports. Notwithstanding this handicap, the colony stands in the front, tho inward and outward shipping at the ports of Kew South Wales during tho past year being recorded at d21 vessels of'a tonn ago of 5,691,230, as against 5091 vessols ol tho tonnage of -1,715,109 entorod in the ports of Victoria. Tho other eolonios, of course, are hardly in tho running; but tho general position may bo soon in a glnnco by observing that of tho wholo of tho tonnago entered during tho year in tho ports of tho colonies, Now South Wnlos is to be credited with 35 per cent. ; Vic- toria, 29 ; South Australia, 16 ; New Zealand, 8 ; Queensland, 6 ; nnd Tas- mania, 6 por cont. Whoii we con- sider that tho big steamers of tho Peninsular and Oriental, tho Orient, tho Gorman, and French linos, as well as all other vessels calling at Adelaide and Molbourne on the outward and homeward voyages, aro entered inwards and out- wards twico in the trip at each of tlioso ports, while thoy aro entered inwards and outwards only onco in Sydney, " . it must bo obvious that this constituios a disturbing olemont in tho calculation of bhipping ; and that the tonnage oí »hip- ping doing business with Now South Walos would be moro conspicuous in its lead woro it not for this duplication of entries. Owing to this circumstanoo mainly, and to another causo to bo presently stated, the port of Mol bourno is credited with a larger shipping trado than Sydnoy, tho tonnago entorod' inwards and outwards at that port during the year being 4,362,138, as against 3,469,862 for Sydnej'. How much of this is attributable to this doublo entering of vossels at Molbourno wo moy only surmise ; but that a considerable part of it is so owing may bo soeu in tho fact that the total valuo of the good received and shipped by this tonnage is, nt Sydney, considerably in excess of that of the goods imported and exported at Melbourne. Por though the Melbourno tonnago < seems greater, the volume of trado dono by it was only 31_ millions sterling against 35J millions' worth of exports and imports at Sydney. To this must bo added a further fact that while Molbourno, with the' subsidiar}' aid of one little port-Geelong-does all the foreign toado of Victoria, Sydney has to share the trade of New South; Wales with three other ports, one of which has nearly ten times the volume of the trade of Geelong. But moro interesting comparisons oven than these can bo formed of the commerce of tho metropolitan port of Now South Wales. It has boon regularly doubling, its volumo of trade each decode, and at this hour is only surpah3od in tho1 tonnago of its shipping trade by five, if not four, ports of Groat Britain- London, Liverpool, Cardiff, Nowcastle, and Hull.' To the latter ono of those Sydney' is nearly equal in its shipping tonnago, while in point of valuo tho trade of this port surpassed that ' of any port in Great | Britain, except that of London and1 Liverpool. Further than this, if wo assume that S}'dnoy will go on as it has been going for many years past, doubling its volume of trade every ten years, it will in liftoon years have reached the' position occupied by the trade of Liverpool now, and in a little ovor twenty years it will hnvo equalled that of London, i Malring allowance for tho ordinary incroaso ' of those two ports, it is not too much to Boy that there oro mon of middle age in Sydnoy now who will livo to see tho import and export trado of this port surpassing that of the present commeicial motropolis of tho world. But coming to the imports and exports of tho colony as a whole, we find data for even more interesting comparisons. The Dominion of Canada, with fivo times the population, has not so largo a volumo of trado as Now South Wales. Indeed, with the exception of India, with a population two hundred and fifty timos greater than ours-and which has only four times our oxtornnl trade-thero is not a colony or depend- ency of tho Bririsli Empiro which has a oonimnrce equal in volumo and in valuo to that of New South Wales. That commerce amounted during tho yoar ended to, in lound liumbors, 51 _ millions sterling, ns against 37_ millions for Victoria ; or £44 17s 8d pur hoad, as against £32 18s Od per hoad of tho population of Victoria. But tukiug thcfae two eolonios together as it pi omises to bo the last occasion, at least for a time, on whioh wo can com- pare Now South Wales as a frootrado colony willi Victoria as a protectionist one-wo aro struck by a comparison in tho matter of ono item, that of export of domos tic produco and manufacture. "Undor that heading we lind that while New South "Wales exported ovar 21 million pounds sterling worth of its growth niul manufao turo, or £18 9s Id pop head, Victoria oxpbrted only 13J millions' worth; or £11 7s 5d por hoad. That sooms odd, for wo had boon nssurod that protection inoroasoï tho output of mn'nu iaoturo n_d produoo, and it should' thoro for'o show a hlrgor quantity for export. 'Io say that tho rost of it was takon to sujiply tlio domnuds of lóoal consump. tion hardly qxplains tho position, for Uto imports woro only soino 3.} millions loss than thoso'of Now South "Wales. "Wo dare say that in timo, if a protective system is continued, it will succood in orip pling our industry nnd trado as effectually ns it appears to havo dono in Victoria. But it is only fair to record that tlio last year of freotrado has givon us this re- markable contrast, in over fifty per cont. larger volume ' of export trado in local manufactures nnd produce than that enjoyed by a nearly equal popula- tion in tho protected colony of Victoria. Tho great staple, wool, is no dou.bt thal whioh gives to our colony its pro ominenco. Nearly 11 millions sterling represents tho valuo of our "golden! fleece " for tho year ; and as against nbout 3? millions worth of wool from Victoria^-a goodly proportion of which had crossed tho boi'dor, coming from Now Soulh'Walos-indicates a source of poronnial wealth that must alwo3-s assure to Now South Wales tho relativo position which it onjoys. Tho quostion under disoussion in mili- tary circles as to tho proposed abolition of tho scarlot uniform for pur riflo regiments is ono which has a more than professional interest. Perhaps in nothing has 'tho utilitaiian spirit of modorn" times beon moro conspicuously illustrated than in the changos it has offocted in military uniforms. Tho matter has indeed boon marked by singular vicissi- tudes as tho spirit of military display or that of utility alternately ruled1 the arrangement. Tho starting point, so far as modern days are concerned, is tho stago of defonsivo armour whioh was left as a logaoy 'from the wars of feudal times, and which lingered long after tlio use of muskets and artillory had made it a cumbrous anachronism. Tho next charac- teristic stage in tho military history of England is tho stout nnd soivicoablo uniform of the "buff and jerkin " period, which wo know so woll in connection with tho haidy troopers of Cromwell. Then carno a period of confusion (botwoon tho two sorvicos, tho militar}' and tho naval, whouGenoralscommnndodlloetfi, and woro said at timos to dil eot naval operations by such parade-ground orders ns " To the right, whool ! " Tho Georgian ora suc- ceeded, in which tho stiff,, pedantic methods and uniforms of Germany roigned suprome in England under a buccession of Gorman sovereigns. Thoso were tho days of powdor, and pipeclay, and pigtail, of towering gronadior hats, of straps and cross-boltB, and stocks and tight brooclios. "When wo ' seo in old prints tne hampering and grotosquo disadvantages under which in that century tho British BOldior did bis campaigning, his marching, and his fighting in two hemispheres, and achioved victories under such loaders' as Wolix and Maulborouoii, and oven AVr.LLiKGiox-for in those lator timos conditions had littlo chauged-wo are lost( in wonder nt the folly which handicapped mon by such absurd restraints, and also at tho sturdy pluck and determination which rose superior ovon to theso hindrances. The result is only to bo oxplainod by tho happy circumstance that tho armies of tlio othnr civilised Powers woro, similarly fottered and burdened undor thô' iniluonoo of a military ideal, which pos- sibly that barrack-yard pedant, Ereuerick "Williah of Prussia, ,the fathor, of Fni-EBicrc tho Giieat, had much to'do with fastening on the nations of Europe. This influonco' would bo inconceivable woro it not for tho obvious fact that in nothing are tho nations at once moro imitativo and moro cousorvativo than in thoir military adjustments. A great battle won by an army wearing a parti- cular unifoim does much to make that uniform, or so'mo modification of it, adopted to some extout in many of tho armies of Euiopo. Many readers will romonibor how there soomed to bo a beliof that the successes of the Ei-onoh at tho Malakoff and at Soliorino lind something to do with wear-, ing leph and pogtop trousors, while some yoais lator "it becamo equally clear that the use of the pwlelhaxibe and the win- ning of victories by Germany wore related as cause and offoct. As a result of changos forced upon ono' reluctant Commandor-in-Ohiof 'niter' auothor, tho British soldier was gradually released from the disabling bandages and burdons undor tho restraint of which ho had for generations ,boon led into the field to fight tho battles of his country. At last, "with many misgivings, oven the rigid, choking, black-loathornook-stock, which many groat Generals hold to be ono of tho nocossary conditions of tho courago and discipline of tho British soldier, was given up, whilo vetoran officers shook their heads and nssovorated with strong ojaculations that "tho sorvice, Sir, is going to tho deuce." Another palladium > of tho' British army equally dear to military patriotism, the oat-o'-nino-tails, was,, as a consequenco of the giowth of révolu-' tionnry radicalism soon, aftorwards laid aside, with the usual laments about tlio decay of disciplino and tho decline of English valour. At last carno tho timo when innovation laid its irreverent hand on the scarlet uniform, whioh had boon for about two centuries the distinguishing mark of the steady and stienuous infantry of Brituin. The quosiion of the most suitable colour ior soldiers' uni- forms seems to havo sprung up as a result of the volunteer movement, which at first allowed the different corps to oxerciso considerable choice in doterminin'g 'the colour and style of thoir own uniforms. Considerations drawn from tho relative degrees of viBibilit}' of different colours at various distances and through veils of battle smoko weighed largely in this dis- olución. Ultimately the mattor was decidod | in away whichat oncesatisfiodconsorvatism and utilitarianism, by splitting tho diffor once. i The old rod uniform, dear to patriotism, is consorvod for all purposes of parado or display, whilo brown or groy! sendee -uniforms aro suppliod for 'work in the field, _ I It is apparent that a compromise of, this kind, though it may postpone the day of decisive détermination, ' cortainly menaoos a chorishod institution. Tho British Horse Guaids has learned by ropeatod experiments how elastic is tho pntionco and forbeaiancoof tho submissive British taxpayer. But in England as in this colony evon patience of this kind has a limit to its elasticity, and if this is passed thoro is dnngor of a broakngo. It is hardly likoly that the principio will always bo toloratcd of having ono uniform for tho field and tho campaign, and another totally difl'oront one for the parade-ground. If tho scarlet uniform is given up in tho field, raid is no' longer to bo oosooiatcd with tho real work of the soldier, Jwo aro approaoliing the timo whon it will havo to go altogothor. Tho question is whether most will bo lost or gained by its abandonment. This is hardly to bo de torminod from tho point of viow of adoring nursomnids, or oven fiom that of pic turesquo historinns, apprehensive of the loss of nn unfailing sourco of offoctivo rhetoric about tho " 6cuilet squares of Britain" and the " thin rod lino." What is said is that tho brightly-dofining colour forms tho clearest and most easily hit of targots. This is piobablo. But porhnps somothing must bo allowed for tho moral forco of a strongly-distinctivo' and national colour and its movomonts in tho conflict and alternations of butilo. Men who iought in tho Now Zea- land wars toll us of tho moral offoot of tho advanco of tho mon in red upon the native warriors where tho field of onslaught ?\, as clear. Thoro must be somo founda- tion for tho instinct, or say tho habit, of all military nations in strongly designating tlioir foices by a uniform of the uutional colour. To speak of tho attractive power of a blight imposing uniform on thoso hesitating about enlisting is to put military patriotism on a somewhat low lovol. But porhaps wo cannot afford wholly to ignoro even this consideration, or evou tho moro complox ono that tho dosire of tho reoruit is not so much to bo resplendont in his own oyes ns to dnz/Jo those of tho sex which is boliovod to bo strongly suscoptiblo to such impiossions, especially when associated with valour. , Darwin lias much to toll us of tho wondrous result- wiought in tho economy of nature by the dibplay made by tho moro gorgeously- decorated and moro belligerent molo bird of his ,offeolivo feathorod uniform before Iris female ad- mirers, and, porhaps tho influonoe of this uuivorsal law is not to bo ignored by the nations in their strnggle'foroxistenco. It may bo presuinod that thoro is somo significance in the statomont which reaches us by cabio that the comuiittoo of tho London branoh of the1 Imperial Federa- tion Leaguo has boon instructed to proparo a sohomo for tho commeicial federa- tion of the Empire based on froetrado linos as nearly as possible. It goos to show that tho Imperial fèdorationists have put thoir schbmes for tho political federa- tion of the Empiro into, the background, and have placed the latest fnd for the com- mercial Moderation of the Empire in the front. And further, it ,goes to show that ".they do not favour Lord Salisbury's desperato schomo of adopting ¿ system of retaliatory protection, hut iu opposition to it bring forward tho suggestion that if tho Empire is to ngreo upon a common commorcial polioy, it can only bo that of t froetrado, "as near as possible" This, ' at any rato, shows an improvement on tho wild and excited scheme of tho Tory chief, but it is -till far from tho rango of practicability. Is it really supposod that it is possiblo to got all 'tho solf-governing provinces of the Empiro, with all thoir diverse conditions nnd products and roquiromouts, to agree on one fiscal policy and to adopt a common tariff ? And is it likely, oven if this, woro possible, that, with so many colonies that have committed thomsolvos to the .^policy, of restriction, this common policy would bo that of I freotrnde ? It might bo a wise and ' bénéficiai course, but canany one say that it looks a praotioablo one? , The fact isr that the new scheme t of a com- mercial federation, which has supplanted' that of a political union, is open to all the objections and subjoct to all the difficul- ties of its predecessor. It is as unlikely that all the self-govorning colo- nies would agroo to a common fiscal policy as that they would ogroe to a common foroign policj'. Tho difficulties of consti- tuting a central representativo Pailiament to which the colonies would ngreo to hand over the control of their Customs policy' is as great as in the earlier scheme. / And thoro seems to bo in addition this special difficulty, that whereas the colonies may and do con trivo to muddle on 'under piotoctivo systems, it is impossible to seo how such a systom could bo othor than destructive and ruinous to tho commerce and trado of -England. No one rocognisod this moro explicitly than Lord Salisbury before ho was driven to reaction by elec- tioneering alarms and the want of a new cry. But, so far as it is at prosont possiblo to see, the second form of the Imperial federation proposals is as chimerical ns tho first, and must meet with the samo failure-a failuro that is quite gratuitous, and that is brought about by tho inability to let woU alono. Tho case of Michael Balte, which was recently decided by tho Supromo Court, lair]}'- illustrates tho intricacy of our land law, and tho difficulty whioh any plain man may find in endeavouring to ascertain what rights or privileges he con legally claim uudor its provisions. Balte wus a conditional purchaser who had taken up 320 acres of land within a special aroa in tho Eastern division under the Act of 1889\. Ho also applied for a conditional loase of 960 ' acros of land adjoining tho conditional purchase, but outsido1 tho boundary of the special aroa, which was apparently tho boundary of his solection. 'The Land Board disallowed this application, on tho ground that the conditional purchase on which it was founded was within n special aiea, and the right therefore did not arise. ]3ali"R appealed to the Land Court, and his appeal was sustained, the Court hold- ing, that tho land outsido the spocial area being available for conditional lease, the conditional purchase within tho spocial area entitlou. him to apply for it. A caso was thon stated ou bohaïf of tho Crown for the Supremo Court, and that Court îeversod tho decision of the Land Court, and, in concurrence with tho Land Board, disallowed the application. The special area system was sot up by the'Act of 1884, and it is clear that iiudor that statute con- ditional purchnsos within special areas in tho Eastern division did not carry with thom any right of conditional loase. They aro oxcopted by section 48 of that Act, and the question whothor adjoining land outsido tho spocial aroa might bo applied for does not arise. Tho causo of difficulty, however, is to bo found in section 26 of the Act of 1889, which pró- vidos that " any applicant for or holder of land -conditionally purchased sinootho commencement oithoprincipal Act not being under soction47 thoioof, that is to say, the sootion relating to conditional purchases without rosidenco, "may ob- tain a conditional lease," &o.; Tho ques- tion, thoreforo, was -whothor those words, excepting, as thoy do, soloctions without rosidonco, but. nothing olse, repeal section 48 of tho principal Act with its limitation in tlio case of Eastern special nroos. Tho Land Court so regarded it ; but tho judg- ment of tho iSupi omo Court is that this section 48 is kept alive find in force by the romaining words of section 26 of the later Aot, which pro- vide that applications for conditional leases "shall bo'doalt with as if thoy had "boon mndo undor section 48 of tho prinoipal Act, and conditional loases, whon grantod, shall bo doomed to havo boon granted undor that section. This viow carrios tho groator woight, not only becauso it is that of tho higher authority, but also becauso it is moro in conformity with tlio under- lying principio of tho special aroa system, which tho LogiBloturo in 1889 ovidontly in- tended to maintain, and not to transform or destroy. Tho rulingpurposo of section 20 of tho hitor Act was to onlargo tho privi logos of recognised conditional purchasers, and ns tho two Acts aro road togother it would seom to bo a forced construction to hold that tho oponing words of section 26 of tho lator Act aro to be takon by thom selvos ns governing the wholo matter. It is to bo observed that if this last opinion woro eorroct, tho question whethor tho land appliod for as a conditional loaso was "within or without tho boundaries of tho spocial rosorvo would bo immaterial. Thoro would bo short work with tho special areas undor such conditions. Last evening his Excellency tho Governor gavo an official dinner at Government Houso in honour of her Majosty's Birthday. The following guests woro present :-His Excollenoy the Earl of Glas- gow, Governor of Now Zealand ; the Very Rov. tho JPrimato of Australasia, his Etninunco tho Cardinal, tho Hon. John Lnokoy, President of tho Legislativo Council; Sir Julian Salomons, Vico-Presidcnt Legislativo Council ; lion. J. P. Abbott, Speaker of Legislative Assombly ; lion. E. Barton, AotingPromiornndAttoruoy-Qenerul¡ lion. John Soo, Colonial Troasurer ; Hon. I?. B. Suttor, Aoting Colonial Secretary and Minister for Publio Instruction ; lion. W. J. Lyne, Ministor for Publio "Works ; Hon. Henry Cope- land, Minister for Landa ; Hon. T. M. Slattery, Minister for Miuos and Agricultura ; Hon. John Kidd, Postinastor-Genoral ; lion. P. Buckley, Attornoy-Genoral of Now Zoahind ; Sir Henry Parkes, G.O.M.G., Sir Prodoriok Barley, Ohiof Justice ; Sir William Wmdoyor, Mr. Justioo Manning, Major- General Richardson, Colonel Spalding, Colonel Roborts, O.M.G., Captuiu Hixson, R.N., Captain St. Clair, R.N., Mr. W. P. Manning, Mayor of Syduoy ; Mr. Critohctt Walker, O.M.G., Prinoipal Under-Seorotary ; Mr. A. Olivor, Presidout of tho Land Court ¡ Mr. Edmund Eosbcry, Chiof Inspector of Polioo ; Mr. E. A. Smith ; tho ohaplain to tho Primato, and tlio chaplain to tho Cardinal. Invitations woro ¡Esued to Mr. Justico Owen, Mr. Justioo Stophon, Sir George Innes, Sir Patrick Jonnings, Mr. E. M. G. Eddy, and Dr. Manning, but owing to various reasons theso gentlemen could not bo pro sen t. His Excellenoy tho Earl of Glasgow, tho Governor of Now Zealand, urrivod at Sydney by tho oxprcss from Molbourno yesterday. Ho was mot at tlio Redfern terminus by his Excellenoy Lord Jersey, Captain Cholmondeloy, A.D.C., and Mr. P. A. Buckley, Chiof Secretary and Attorney General of Now Zoaluud, who travelled to Sydney specially to givo tho now Governor gi'ooting from the colony in whioh ,ho is to hold oflico ns her Majesty's representative. Tho party drovo to Government Houso, whero the Earl and Countess of Glasgow, with thoir family, will remain during thoir stay in Sydnoy ni tho guests of the Earl and Counteâs of Jersey. Lord Glasgow, at Government House yester- day afternoon, willingly granted nn iutorviow with a ropresontativo of Ulis journal. Without parloy his Lordship frankly stated that all or nearly all tho opiuious to which ho intoudod to givo utterance before reaching Now Zealand had boon publishod in the Herald through tho medium of our Adclaido correspondent on tho 10th instant. " I havo mudo up my mind," remarked his Excellenoy, " to say no moro at present, as on tlio occasion to whioh rofcrenco has boon made I think I covored most of tho availablo ground." In tho courso of further conversation Lord Glasgow said ho had boon most favourubly impressed with what ho hud socn of tho Australian conti- nent, but it could not bo oxpeotcd that ho would have formed dofinito opinions on a íouf-flays' acquaintance with threo cities such as AdolAido, Molbourno, and Sydnoy. Upon ono subjoot, howovor, his Excollenoy spoko with onrphniis, and that was in roforouco to the oxoel lenco of tho main trunk railway lines botweon tlio South Australian capital and Sydnoy. " Before crossing your frontier," Lord Glaçgowsaid, "Ihad boon given to fuiderstand that your permanent way was not all it might bo. Between tho border town and Sydnoy, as far B3 I could judgo, tho permanent way is in excellent order, and tho general railway arrangements aro equal to tho beat I havo experienced. I travollod' in Lord Jorsoy'a official railway carriage from Albury, and, excepting the Stato cars used by hor Majesty, I havo soon nothing to oxcol tho conyonienco and com foi't of tlio provision rando for tho Governor of this colony whon on railway journeys." Lord and Lady Glasgow will remain the guests of Lord and Lady Jersey for several days at loaBt. By tho "Union Steamship Company's boat, whioh leaves Sydney this weok, ono of his Excellonoy's private soorotarios and tho servants of his household will journoy to Now Zealand. On a later date, probably during the first week of Juno, his Excellenoy Lord Glasgow, tho Countess of Glasgow and family, and Mr. P. A. Buckley, tho Ohiof Soorotary and Attornoy Genoral of tho colony, will prooeod to New Zealand. Yestebdat morning, Mr. Barton, tho Aoting Proinior; Mr. Suttor, tho Acting- Colonial Secre- tary ; Mr. John Soo, tho Colonial Treasurer ; Mr. W. J. Lyno, Ministor for Publio Works; Mr. T. M. Slattery, Minister for Mines and Agrioulturo ; Mr. W. P. Manning, Muyor of Sydnoy; Mr. Sydnoy Maxted, Dhoctor of Government Asylums ; and Mr. J. Creor, Superintendent of tho Government Labour Bureau, met in conference at tho Colonial Soorotary's office to discuss tho best moana of affording assistance to tho most deserving cases of distress existing on account of tho present scarcity of employment. Tho oonfercuoo was tho outcome of Mr. Barton's roply to' a deputation whioh waited upon him and tho Minister for Works hist Saturdoy morning, whon tho Aoting Promicr said that any promiso made by tho Promicr before leaving for England would bo kept by his colleagues. On tho 11th March Mr. Dibbs, answering a deputation of the unem- ployed, said " the Govornmont had firmly decided! not to start roliof works of any sort. Unfor- tunately, ovon whon proposals woro submitted to Iho.Houso which would yield employment toa largo number of men, thoy were negatived, and by the very mon whom tho workors sent into tho House to represent thom-tho samo mon who pre- ' tended to sympathiso with them in thoir distress. What could tho Govemraont do ? It objeelud to dispensing indiscrimiuato charity : if food woro distributed without regard to persons tho loafer and tho dosorving man would havo to share alike, and that was not what was intondod. At tho saine timo tho Government could not aeo a man destitute and starving for want of bodily BUBtonsnco. Ho would not soo women and ohildron Btarvo eithor ; but the Govern- ment would not Btart roliof works." In view of this promise members of tho Ministry decided yesterday that roliof shall bo granted in cases of actual distress oxisting amongst tho wives and families of men unablo to obtain o'liployment. Strict investigation will bo mado into oach appli- cation, and ovory offort is to bo used to proyont imposture. Mr. Maxted and Mr. Creer havo been requested to report to tho Government during Lo-duy on tho beat mothod of carrying this dooision into offcot. Elton Now Caledonia yesterday, tho supplo montary steamer Tanais, of tho Messageries "aritimos line, arrived, bringing GB passengers for transhipment to tlio outgoing mail steamer Océanien, timed to leuvo hore to-ilny for Mar- rillos. Tho Proncli Residont at Wallis Island, M. Chauvot, and his family, aro passengers [or Eraneo ; alBO M. Robiquet, harbour inastor at Noumea, and Mb family. Ad- vices woro received by tho Tanais that tho Eronoli warship Snono is to bo rchevod on tho nation by tlio Srorlf, a sister ship. H.M.S. Ringdove and H.M.S. Katoomba, ono of tho Australian Auxiliary Sqnndion, havo loft Now Caledonia for tho Now Hebrides. The steamship Rockton, boneo to tlio Now Hebrides, lind called at Noumea and oailod fur Vila Harbour on tho ISth instan), coming thonco to Sydnoy via Fiji, und tho Port Albert, ono of tlio Anglo-Australasian lino of steamers, loft Noumea, for Singaporo, on tho 17th instant. Pnrtioulais aro also to hand of tho arrct of Ave oonviots who oscapod in a boat from tlio island some timo ago, it wasbolioved with thohopeof reaching the Australian coast. Some days after tlioy got away bnd weather Bet-in, and a search subsequently rovoalod the fact that the prisoners, after uudorgoing groat privation, lind ran tho boat nBlmro on a roof iu Uio vioimty of llouailou. Thoy woro arrested soon uftor landing. An ndjournod meoting of tho Munioipnl Counoil of North Sydnoy was« held last ovcuing for th. purpoio of Jilling the vacant oilloo of Mayor. Thoro wns u full nttendaneo, and Alderman Punoh, Acting-Mayor, presided. Tho chairman referred in feeling terms to the loss which tho tVs. Iriot had sustained in tho sudden demise of Mr. Mayor Phillip«, and said ho waspropnicd toro« ccivo nominations. Alderman Urquhart nomi nated Mr. E. M. Clark for the honour, nnd oluimod tho support of th.so who lind s.otcd for thnfc gentleman when ho was a can- didato in Eebruary Last. After discussion botweon tho propoBor and Aldormnn G. T. Ohirko, Alderman Smith proposed tho chair- man, BpoaMng of him ns a gentleman who had tho requisito exporionoe, intolli. gonco, and leisure to dischurgo the duties of tho offico with credit to himself and ndvnntnge, to tho municipality. The chairman desired to say thal, although not anxious for tho honour, ho hnd consoutod to nomination hocauso, according to usage, Um last occupant of tho ofiico wua in nu emergency Uko tho present invited to fulfil tho duty for tho remainder of tho term. Aldormnn E. M. Clark exprossod his conviction, that if tho oloction rested on tho popular voice ho would that night bo Mayor of North Sydney, und moved, "That tho olection bo by open voting, nnd that in the probnblo ovont of a tie, ns on tho lost ocenslon, tho cnudidatoa draw lota." This wns ugrood to. The voting was ns follows : __r Clark : Andorson, Boll, Eaton, Moodio, Urquhart, M'Burnoy. Por Puuoh : Smith, Board, Unrnott, Blnokstouo, Hagan, nnd G. T. Chuko. Tho candidates refrained from voting. The names of tho candidates having been placed iu envelopes and scaled, the council clerk chow tho first ono ho touched out of a lint nnd handed it to tho Aoting Mnyor, who deelnrod that the success- ful mnn wiw Alderman Clnrk, whom ho nssuiod of every fair and légitimât« support in his honour nblo and rcsponfñblo orneo. Tho new Mnyor tluinkcd tho mocting, and expressed his intention to extend fnirness nnd courtesy to all, Alderman Smith gnvo notice of motion that a letter of re Bpootful condolence be Bont to tho family of th. late Mnyor, Mr. Gornrd Phillips, in thoir bcrenvo« mont. A 'Snoivc timo ago tho Balmain Borough Council levied n special rate on that portion of tho South-west "Ward, Balmain, whioh in any way benefited by tho construction of tho proposed Bcaltio-atreot sower, which ia now nearly com- pleted. A number of ratepayers objeotcd to pny the rntos when sont in, and consequently tho council havo now decided to test thoir powers by issuing a writ ngaiust a defaulting ratepayer, who through a woll-known finn of solicitéis has filed n ploa of non-indebtedness. The case will bo tried shortly in tho Dislriot Court. ' Some of tho ratepayers within tho area mentioned nllogs that they will rcocivo no benefit whatever from tho construction of tho proposed aower, which it is stated is only for tho purpose of carrying of? alorm-wnters. Tho rato was also, it ia alleged, struck before tho sower was commenced or com- pleted. Serious complications aro likely to arise before tho matter is onded. A MEEiiKQ was held iu tho Burwood Wcsleyaa Church 011 Monday night, iu furtherance of homo mission work, when tho Rev. Dr. Sollors, who lina recently made a tour of tho colony in tho intorosts of ohnroh extension, gnvo au address. Tho chair wns ocoupiodby Mr.Jl. H. Duekor, J.l\, and the attondanoe was small, Spoaking of tho progress of homo mission work, Dr. Sellers said that during tho past 10 years 59 churches had boen built, and of these 75 wcro in tho country districts, Theso churches were built by means of grunts nnd lonna from tho Homo Mission Sooioty. As ho travolled over the vast interior of tho eolony lie had bcon deeply impressed with the conviction that tho safety of lifo and property was not to bo attributed so much to theeilieieuoyot tho polico forco or to tho magnificent system of primary education scattered all over tho land as to tho benign influença of Christianity upon tho community and tho faithful prenohing oí tho Gospel of Christ nmongat tho people. A collection was taken up on behalf of the society's work, and Dr. Sollors was accorded a hearty iota of timuka. Tirarus waa an immenso nndienco at tho Town Hull last night, und Haydn's " Creation " waa thus ropoatod by tho Philharmonic Society under oiroumatnucos moro favournblo oven.than those of Saturday. Mr. "\V. Briggs, tho Iinji, seo. of the society, was able to announce "hoújb full" just before 8 o'clock, and tho news wns ro'eoived hy tho members of tbo committeo with na little sntisfao tion. lu honour of tho Queen's Birthday, Signer Hrizon first conducted tho ohorus nnd orchestra in " Tho National Anthem," whioh was sung in its ontiroty in accordnnco with tho vorsion arranged by tho Into Sir Miohnol Costa for Stnto occa- sions. Tho offeot was excellent. Tho oratorio itself waa thon performed with the same success ns on Saturday. Signor Foli, Mr. Orlando Har« ley, and Miss Rossow woro tho soloists ns before, and Mr. Wiogand again presided at tho grand organ. A day of prayer in connection with the celobra« tion of tho fourth anniversary of the formation of the Control Mothodlst Mission was hold at tho Ceutennry Hall, York-street, yostorduy. /Uli object ' of tho meeting was to plead for the outpouring of tho Holy Ghost upon the Ohurohos of our land. Tho nttendaneo, especially of ladiea, was very lnrge. Tho morning meeting lusted from 10.30 a.m. to 12.30 p.m., und the ser- vice wns Jed by tho Rov. W. C-. Taylor nnd Mr. Thos. OnmininB, J.P., both ' of whom dolivored addresses. Tho proceedings con« sistod of Biblo rendings, prayer, addresses, and praiso. At tho afternoon meoting, which continued from 2.30 p.m. to 5.30 p.m., tho leaders woro tho Revs. TV. H. George (secretary of tho Wesloyan Conference), T. B. M'Michaol, and W. G. Taylor, oaoh of whom dclivored a special address. At 7.30 p.m. tho 'evening meoting commenced, and was conduoted by tho Rev. W. G. Taylor. Tho prin- cipal fcaturo of this meoting wns a number of testimonies givon by porsons of nhnost every denomination. Hymns wero Bung, addresses dolivored, and prayers offorod, and tho meeting closed at 0.30 p.m. During tho iutorvnls between tho BessionB sovornl meetings were held in tho rooms adjoining' the hull. The nttendaneo of olo'rgymon of all denominations was largo nt each of tho sessions. A socrAt, gathering took plneo on Monday ovoning at tho rooms of tho Surry Hills Young Women's Chriatinn Association, Orown-strcot, tha occasion being the opening of a new pianoforte, also tho présentation of a hnndsomo easy chair to Mrs. Cooks, who ia loavlng tho distiict. Tho presentation wns made by the prosideut (Mrs. Ward) on bohalf of tho members of tho branch. lu the courso of her romnrks Mrs. Ward said that Mra.' Cooks had ronderod vnluablo sssistnnco to tho nssooiation, not only by tininiug the giris in singing, but also by her sympathy and holp in ovory wny. Mrs. Cooks, in reply, said sho tlinnkcd tho inombera for thoir kindness, and would olways continuo to fool a deep intoiest ia tho Surry Hills Association. During the opening solos -were ronderod by the following Indios : Mrs. Varley, Mrs. Cox, nnd tho Misses Mason, Purncss, ÏYcelnnd, mid L. Wilkinson. Miss Wilkinson nlso recited a very beautiful poem. Misa Norton (of the Central Association) spolto n few words of cncouingomcnt to tho members. Misa E. Wilkinson alto spoko upon tho ndvnntages of the association library. The lion, "ooretary (Mrs. Miller) announced that a scries of orango listio services for women and girls would bo held during tho winter months, tho first of which would tnko plnco in tho Ragged School, Brisbane street, early in J uno. A huetts- to resusoitnto tho Parramatta branch of the Society of St. Vincont do Paul waa held in St. Pntrick's schoolroom, Pnrnimnt'tn, ou Sunday evening. Fnthor O'Reilly presided, and oflicers wera elected as follows:-Pi esideut, Mr. W. J FerriB ; vico-prcsidcut, Mr. W. Waiters ; secre- tary, Mr. H. Ciinipbell; treasurer, Mi. Peter Kelly. The fourteenth nnniversury of the United Ancient Order of Diuids, Royal Oik Lodge, No. 78, Balmain, was celebraled by n grand -ocial in tho Town Hall, Balmain, under the piitronngo of tho Grund Lodge of New South Wales, ou Monday ovoning. Tho spacious hall wns comfortably filled by an influcuti.il company of ludios and gentlemen, and somo ludios woro very hnndsomo dresses. There wore nlso piesent District President Bro. Trunk Lovitt, Past Pre- sidents Bros. .Tas. Abenionthy and E. BenvK and Past Arohcs Bros. A. Sottioo and J. White. A cnpitnl prograinmo of 23 dnnces va gone through. Aroh-Druid W. H. May andV.A.B. Bro. M'Phorson noted oflioiently an Ms.Cs., and Bro. Thomas J. Gibson as secretary. During tho progress of tho ovening'B entertain mont Bdrab 'excellent singing was givon, Bro. J. Gibb rondoring " Fiddle and I " and Lovo'fl Old Swoot Song,", and Bro. Walker " In Days of Old;" also, a Highland fling by Miss King, a little thing not 12 years of ago, which was muoh nppreoiatod. Tho musio was supplied by Messrs. Chamberlain, Hartloy, and Lockwood, and the catering by Mosars. Cox and Griffiths, of Sydnoy. A select ball, under tho auspicces of the Loyal Ashfield Lodgo, Manohostor Unity of Oddfellows, was hold ou Monday night. About 60 couples .wore prosont, and a most enjoyable time was ,8peut. Suppor, laid under tho supervision of .NoblOjGiaud Forsyth, was partaken of at mid- night, and the usual toaste wero honoured. That of "Tho Modieal Men," proposoi by Bro. T. Acton, bon. soorptury, was responded ,to by Dr.' R. T. Jones; and that of "Tho Ladies," pro- posa, coy Bro. Furguson,' was responded to by Bro. . Quo^Tart.,, , Tim Rov. S. G. Fiolding gavo a diaries Dickous lecturo entertainment in St. John's schoolroom, Parramatta, on Monday .ovon ing, in aid of St. John's ohoir fund, As a profaco to a recital of popular skotchos from tho great i ovolist's works, Mr. Fielding gavo nn interesting roviow of Dickous'o early life Musical solootious by Mrs. AVaugh, Mrs. A. Massey, Misson Harper, and Messrs. A. Mossoy, W. E. Davies, and S. J. Ferguson wero given at intervals. Archdeacon Gunther presided. Tint inmates of tho Macquario and Georgo street asylums, Parramatta, had thoir customary "loyal" dinner yestorday in honour of tho Queen's Birthday. Amongst tho visitors were Arohdcacon Gunthor, Reva. J. W. Winspeur und S. G. Fiolding, Mr. H. Taylor, M.L.A., Mr. O. J. Byrnoa (Mayor of Parramatta), Dr. Waugh (medioal superintendent), Mis. Waugh, and the Blisses Waugh. Tho Star Baud visited both in i stitutions, as well as tho Cottogo Homes. Tho dinnor consisted of tho usual faro of roast meats, plum pudding, vegotablo, beor, and a now pipo and jiiece, of tobacoo. Tho old couplos at tho Cottage Homes had thoir faro varied by poultry, fruit, und delicacies, and wore livenod up by a special visit from Mr. Taylor, who questioned thom as to.their comfort, and listened to all their stories. i .Tiniouan tho kindness of the houso committeo tho ohildron ? of the Randwick Asylum, wero sup- plied with on abundance of plum pudding, loast uoef, ginger beer, fruit, vogotablos, &e;, yesterday. Prior to tho litüo ones sitting down to dinner in the largo dining-hall a stanza of the National Anthem was sung,, and at tho request of Mr. Coulter, tho suporintendont, throe hearty ohoors wero given for the Quoen and tho membors of tho Royal Family. Tire City Coroner hold on inqnost at his court,, Chancery-square, yesterday, on the body of a man named Edward Walter Smith, who was killed by boing run ovor by a dray on Monday afternoon. Deceased was 25 yoars of ago, and has loft a widow and three ohildron. Ho rosidod at No. 13 Judd-steot, Sydnoy. By ooonpation ho was a driver in tho omploymont of Mr. Beokott, oon teactor. Occasionally ho drank to excess. About midday on Monday he loft Mr. Beokott's yard in Dowliñg-stroet with a horse ond cart to ohtain a load of cemont at Dawes Point and tako it to Balmain. ' 'Deooa3od obtninod tho load ; but, from somo causo, instead of taking it to Balmain ho oonvoyed it' along King-stroot and Collego stroot towards tho yard in Dowllng-street. When just about opposite tho Domain gates, some cabmen Baw 'him lying under tho cart, which had stopped. Ho wui piokod up and takon to tho Sydney Hospital in nu unconsoious condi- tion. Dr. Corlette admitted tho injured man, who died about two hours later. Death was duo to internal injuries consequent upon tho driving inwards of fractured ribs on tho right sido. A vordiot of accidental doath was roturncd. i Ox Monday afternoon, a Chinaman namod Ah Loo, in. chargo of a horso and cart, left, tho animal and vellido standing at tho door of his brother's (Duok Loo's) premises' on tho Corso, Manly, whilo ho entered to soo his brother on business. Tho horso, boing a rostivo animal, started off, upon which Ah Leo rushed out to stop its progress. In his endeavours to do so, Ah Leo got knocked down and run over by tho wheels of the cart, sustaining severo injury to his arm. Ho was conveyed to Sydney, whero Dr. On Loo attended to tho injurod limb. Tho homo's pro gross was stopped by a passer-by before any further damago was dono. A nuWAWAY, oausod by tho explosion of somo largo flroworks, occurred in Pitt- stroct about 9 o'clock last night. Cab 1290, in chargo of James Stephons, was standing outside the Natatorium Hotel whon somo hoya throw craokora underneath tho jj'jorâo. . Tho animal becoming frightened boítcíl from tho hotel, and galloping down Pitt stroct did not como into eolliaion with any vohiolo till tho Circular Quay was reached. Hore the cab countered against a Newtown 'bus, hroaking tho axlo and taking tho off hind whcol away. No porson was injurod. A ram broke out last ovoning at about half past 7 o'olook in tho premises occupied as saw- mills by Mr. John Mnokonzio, in Pyrmont-stroot, Pyrmont. It is believed that the outbreak was cauaod by sparks from fireworks. Tho Metro- politan Firo Brigade turned, out with three stoumors and the salvago van, and tlio Standard Brewery, Paddington. Brewery, and North City Volunteers also put in an appearance at the firo. , The building was constructed of wood and iron, .and was completely burnt out. Tho promises .wero owned by Mr. Hobden, of Surry Hills, and , woro insured. A quantity of saw inaohinory und bailors wore dostroyod, and thoro waa no insur 'ance on any of tho contents. . .. 