HAVIS«3 passed through the: stir and turmoil of tho General Elections, wo may now be permitted calmly to examine: the results, and ."see what 'anticipations -tlio future may'hold foi' a return" to pros- perity..: We have get iutp a habit of referring . to the tlu'ce P's—Peace, Progress, and Prosperity—as the outcome of tlio verdict of the electors, at. the ballptbox, and how far we. may expect to realise this happy condition pf affairs is matter for consideration. ' It ni'ust; be; regarded as clear that the result of: the" elections as a whole speaks lit favor of. Parliamentary : peace, for the verdict' already given by the unopposed return of certain members of tbo Government has been strengthened by the triumphant return of all their colleagues from the appeal to tho cpristituencies. But there is, better and more' behind. It was tp have been feared that side iFsueB wpuld have been raiFed which woiild have.iiad. a potent influence for evil on our relations with the purse-bearers of Europe, seeing that so many candidates put themselves forward in the name ot LaborJ'whpse real purpose of antagonism to Capital was but too thinly concealed. Had anything like a majority of these gentry obtained an entry to Parliament House, it was to have been feared that the doubtful aspect in which our loans liavo been viewed by the British money lender would have been rendered still darker; aud our hope of entering uppn progressive wprks wpuld have been, set very rempte. But this has not happened; The agitator has met with but scant welcome at tho bands of the electors, and, althpngh Labpr is represented and represented legitimately, it is by men" whe: will not prate of having tlieir hands upon tho throat of Capitol, and who will bo prepared to render dutiful and loyalsorvico to thaStato. AltUough tlio new Ilonso will 1)0 again visited by Dr. Mtiioney, wlio wants to fix the possible earnings ol a man at between: '£8 and £5 li week—noitlier less nor more—and aWiougli Mr. W. T. Carter again fills his seat and Mr. Wyllic talies tbo place of Mr. Laurons, thole is no need to fear that eitlier of these gentlemon will attempt to thrust Rnnrcbical doctrines on tlio now House, bail it is rather to bo expected tliat tliey .will bring tUcir undoubted ability to bbar for the common weal, seeing that tliey will bp fi.ulHciently beld in obeck by representatives ot more moderate parties, and will have before them a wholesome-dread , of the . rate, of Mr. Jplm Hancock, who was a head and shoulders abpve .either in liis lpud voiced abuse of anything wearing a decent coat or hat. The rejection of. Mr. Morris at Essondon and Flomington, in favor pf Mr. Doaldn, is significant of the fact thatdoiiiagPgiiiBin will not go down with the. electors, and, though Sir. Graham Berry has obtainedthe smiles pE East Bpurkc Bornughs, it iriiist be remembered that Jie is much changed Croin the Graham Berry of 1877, when .be voiced the pppular sentiment of broken heads arid flaming houses. •• The return of the Premier, for Normauby, by a more than two to one poll over liis opponent, and the ad6ptiori of his platform by the bulk c pf the candidates—even the Labpr x - tceimsts—is a sign-of hopofiil times, nnd the rejection of Messrs. Gardmor and •Mr. Xieonari by the two Carltons is an objeofclossoii^whioh is further llli^tyatcd liy .the defeat of Mr. David Gaunson at •Soutli Melbourne and of Mr. Nimmo at Albert Parle..- On the whole, then, we augur very favorably from the personnel of the new. House as to the retiirn to prosperity, and, though on personal grounds wo could have wished that some of the old members who have been relegated to pnvatolifc might have been spared, wo cannot .but felicitate tbe electors on the results, generally; and^ in no instances with greater satisfaction than in tho rejection of Messrs. Symcs, C. E, Jones', D; Gaunson, and J. Gardiner—all very good mon in their way, but, as their way was a very bad oue, the electors did themselves the greatest good by their rofusal of oft preferred scrvicoS from" unworthy hands. On dit that a bid of £250 was offered to Mr. D. R. Wyllie to induce him to retire from the contest for North Me! bourne, but was declined with thanks. The Eastor Services at St. Mary's Church of England wore conducted with due regard to ancient form, and tho Church was woll filled on Sunday night, when the Right Rev. Dr. Goe, Lord Biahop of Melbourne, read tbo First Lesson and preached tho 6ermon. The Church was beautifully decorated with flowers and evorgreens, and the Choir was at its best. The Rev. F. J. Price read the evening sorvicB and Second Lesson, and in the intoned portions of tho • servico his voice was heard to advantage. The Bishop chose for his text a portion of Matt. ii. 15, " Out of Egypt, have I called my Son," and in elucidating the passage ho. dwelt on tbe parallel between tbo deliverance of 'tbo. whole world, by tbo sacrifice of JesuB Christ— our Passover—and tho Paschal lamb Blain on tho occasion whou the lirst-born'of .tho Egyptians..was to be slain, pointing the application that if the lintols aud doorpoBts of our hearts have the blond of the Lamb applied, the Angel of Destruction will pass us bv, even ..as the Destroying Angel paBE0d T harmlessly over the dwellingis whose lintels and doorposts were Etained with the blood of the Iamb— a type of the Messiah. Tbo retirement of Mr. Thomas Walker from hie ^candidature for Melbourne West took no one by surprise, for it was feit by those who were experienced, that however valuable Mr. Walker's experience might be, bis residence in the constituency bad not been of sufficient duration. to make Ilia claims sure. At the oamo time, from the lengthy experience Mr. Walker has had in municipal matters,.and his long connection with mercantile life.in Victoria there is no dtubt bo will prove a welcome candidate to Melbourne WeBt electors at some future occasion. It is a sad thing to know .that the "Ohaiity which thinketh no evil" is not the invariable result of Sunday School training, howover carefully administered, as an assiduous teacher found to her dismay, when eho recently examined hor class. " Who was Moses ?" she asked o curly-headed maiden of seven yeare old. "Tbe eon of Pharoah'e daughter," was the prompt reply. " No, my child,' said the teaoher. " Pharoiib's daughter found the infant Moses tn the bulraehoB." The urchin looked solemn and shocked, and shook iior. curls gravely, and responded, "Ah! ma'am. So she said!" It will bo remembered that on the mprniog of the 5th ultimo a. woman named Margaret Rohan, living apart from her husband; and; residing; in the classic neighborhood of Bendigo .atroet, North Melbourne, was mado the victim of a mnrderouB assault at thovhands of two; yonng men, one of whom, Frederick Watson by name, fell into the bauds of tbo Philistines, and is now ruminating on the mutability, of human affairs in tho retirement of the.oases of the Metropolitan gaol. Tho other, .whose:nome.is.-William. MoNee, made good hiB escape pro letii, bnt the Nemesis' which stalks.in plain clothes; in the person of D. McGIyno, Constablo Bomothing.-and-a decimal,- was -not.-unmindful of the probabilities of Mao's -return to liis favourite • haunts,-aud one Mao laid low for'tho other. ^\ Last Saturday : Mac with tho nurnbor got wind that the ither Mac .was, on hand and was to bo found in the house of a eislor, wlio hangs out ill a strobt named aftor tbe author of "the Giaour—though .possessiug no poetic Burroundmgs; and^showlng thatthosB.who had- tho nomenclature of our.etreeta to attend to, thDUgh :.u3Lhctic in idon. poseSBi'cd Ji'o ! perception'.of the ' fitness of Ibinga, " To ^"Byron- street,- -accordingly, Mac .with • tbo 1 : number- hied him, but lie Vas war3\ '- ; -:HQ. rocognised tbo i'aot that, r,a merely making a - morning call,- his Satanic vMajesty -wonld be. moro. welconie than ho, BO suns cercmcuic he Bcaled .the fence and gained the citadel by strategy, to .find tho'other. Mac all unsuspicious, quaffing the foaming tankard and pulling the,ifragrant weed. Banquo'a ghost was not inore nppaHing to Macbeth than was the apparition of plain-clothes .Mac to the ither o'that ilk, but so taken aback was .he that he yielded. himself amain, and was duly banded over to 'the tender onre of Constable Murphy, who turne the key with: a skill and dextority whioh may bo paralleled- but-not excelled. Mac No. 2 appeared before the Bench on Thursday, when .he waB remandod till Monday next. Thursday having beon a public holiday, It was : regarded as an off-day at the Police-Court, but- tho Mayor and -Messrs. Oarroll and Wylio attended to clear the sheet. Tho only cases wore those of Mortimer Culhane, who was oharged with assaulting Miohaol Oulbane, and was remanded until Monday next, and William McNce, for aggravated assault, which is reported elsewhere. Yesterday the Mayor presided, solus, and remanded Henry 'Wilson, alias John McMahon, on a oharge of ateahnga pair.of-boots from the shop of Mrs. Graham, Errol street, till tho 28tb instant. Prisonor, when cautioned by Constable RPSS, |had other boots in his possession,: not fellowp, for which the police require an owner. In onr advertising columns 'will be found the official declarations of the polls for- Melbourne North and Melbourne West, and also^the .acknowledgments of Mr. John Laurens and Dr. Wm. Moloney. The number of visitors to the National Masenm of Natural History and Geology for the'-weekending 16th April, was 2280. The Museum is open to the public daily, (Sundays excepted) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m. in the National''Museum building at the baok of tho University, A very sad aooidelit happened at Eaaoodon, on Good Friday, afternoon, resulting:- in the death of a boy named JohnBob; lit. years of age. It appBats that be was riding a pony in Hoddla Street, when lie WUB. thrown off and kicked so severely that hie skull was fractured. He was at once taken home, and medical assistance prooured, but without eifeot, as deatb shortly .afterwards occurred. An inquest'was heldon the following day, and a verdict of accidental death roturaed. Tho EssBndon Rowing Club attended tbe Biurned&Io; regatta, on Easter Saturday,, and obtained second honor's; "being just, bsaten by the Mercantile.crew, in the final' beat of the maiden eight- odred rape, by a nose. - The race caused.greatexcitomeat^ and the victors were loudly obeerod'.' This is the seoond win for tbe Mercantile crew. Brn. R. L. Laraach was dnly installed. W.ll. of the Gordon Lodge, at the Masonic Hall, Ascot Vale, on Thursday last, in the presence of a numerous attendance of the Order. The routine business having bcen.disposed of by Bro. J. C. M. Cowan, W. M , the chair was taken by P.M, Bro. Dr. J. R. Menziea Thompson, . P.G.J D., who performed tho Installation: csrcmony, assisted by P.Sd.'s Bro. Cowan, Bro. Rev. Good, Bro. . Browne, and .Bro. Bishop. The ofiioors having boeh invested with the lUBigma of office by P.M. Bro. Carter, an adjournment was made to. a banquet given in honor of tho auspicious occasion, and toastB and music filled up tho remainder of tho ovening. A few nights ago another attempt WSB mado to break into tho Newmarket Rail-: way Station, but fortunately, without success. On the officials going there in the morning, indications of tho burglar's viBit were plainly discemablo, and the. office window had boon broken ]ust below the catch. Being disappointed in his expccjof making a haul here; he.nextr turned* his! attention to. tlio automatic weighing machine on' the platform, but. as. the money had .been removed during the day, he again had bad luck, and must have left thoroughly diGgueted. . J Wo understand that an effort is to be made to obtain the appointment of several now justices of the peace at EsBondon, as tho number at present is not deemed.sufficient for tbe requirements of that district. Not so very long ago Mr. McKean, the well known solicitor/whois alBo a.magistrate, had to take a Beat on the Bench aa there was only one other iuBtice present. Sbouid tho now appointments be made; it is probable that Ex-mayor Dangerfield will be ono of those gazetted. , . The eagle eye of Mr. M' Bride, J.P., on Thursday detected a fellow illtrcatiag a horao in Roden street, and "the "worthy justice remonstrated, only to be checked by the Jehu. Tho fellow waB piling on a orrible load, and belaboring tbe poor horse for his inability to draw. As the magistrate drew' tbe attention of a constable to the circumstance, wo shall posBibly have to refer to .it again. DANCING.—Messrs. and Mise Roberts the woll-known teachers of dancing, intimate they give instruction daily in Fashiouablo Dances, including the Modern Wultz, drat introdnced by them into the colony, and which is still tho chief feature of ball-room programmes. Glasses are hold every day.- and evoning. . Private lessons by appointment. 195 Collins St 