The Galiente Trail. A Story of Colorado. How intensely hot it was there on the canon-side ! How scorching, unbearably hot ! And yet he bore it. Though his wholo body recked with perspiration and his muscles were tightly drawn under the great strain, yet he paused only to pick his way among the rocks. He could not go up the way he came down, for it was too steep. TVithin an hour the demon Thirst had seized upon him again, clutching with fiery fingers at his throat until it seemed almost closed. So quickl were the bodily juices licked up by the sun under such tremendous efforts that, his very marrow seemed to have lost its fluid por tion, and his tongue to huvo turned to a chip. Now he wus in the shadow of a great rock. How grateful was the shade! He paused there for a moment 7 He scolded himself for his loss of time; 'out he felt that moment was ono spent in heaven. In passing through a great uplit in the rock tho canteen strap was cut and down fell tho precious vessel, with its still more precious contcn ts. The stop per flew from its place and a splash of water steamed from the burning rock on which it fell. "Madly he jerked up the canteen. Thank God, only ' a - little water had been wasted ; and yet, he re flected, as he replaced the cork, he would have given worlds to have supped what had fallen. But lit hastened on. The warped and split boot-solo finally cracked clean through, and he could feel the grid iron heat of tho rocks upon his naked flesh, for his stockings were soou worn away. It was' now so hot that the rattle snakes did not venture forth upon the rocks, so there wus no' longer any dan- gar from them. The real danger now, as ho viewed it, was thatjhe would be able but a short time to keep the neck of the canteen from his lips. Tho water had become warm, and yet ifcjjwas his one source of reviviention to place the flat side of tho canteen against his sun- searched face. This was at once a de light and a torture,- for while the can cooled his flesh the delicious hurgle- gmgle of the water nearly drove him mad. Thrice ho stopped, uncorked the canteen, and raised it to his lips, and then, pushing it from him with a mighty effort, he dashed wildly on, Soon ho came to a' place where the ascent was al most perpendicular, and where the heat was so stifling as almost to close his nostrils. The way up was lined with cactus-scrubs, whose spines pierced his hands like red hot needles when he grasped at something by which to haul himself up. The little lizards that darted into the patches of shade seemed to mock him, and his wistful gaze could be torn froin the canteen only when it was absolutely necessary for him to see his way clear. "What is his thirst to mine?" he moaned, as for a fourth time he uncorked the canteen. "He is lying in the shade and his brow is fanned by kindly hands while I — 1 am burning." Then tho swollen, purple face of Bun- ster rose up beforo him, and ho shoved the cork into the mouth of the oanteen with a spasmodic effort that seemed al most superhuman. Again he toiled on —slowly now, for his strength seemed almost, spent. It was a weary waiting up at the oamp for the return of the water bearer, Yost gazed for hours ovor the white ground in tiie direction of the canon, and. at last, he grimly gave up Zach Rawlins as a lost man, though he did not say so to his loss experienced friends of tho camp. "No chance fur 'om when their feet slip, on the rocks over thorn air cliffs, or when rattlesnalco nips 'em 'hove the boot-top. He's gono for-sartin," muttered the guide "We'll have to bury the big'n aforoinight- fall — for he's most gone — an' then put back for the stage station afore we all drop." Thon the ghost of a man, with totters of clothing hanging from him, darted into view around.the rocks, Yost reviled the oncomer for a fool for running so hard under the burning sun. His leg's setuucd virv unsteady, for he rcclud as he ran. It wus fully a minute before the guide or" any of them could realise that the advanc ing form was tint of Rawlins, and in that minute the scarecrow figure had reached the couch where Big Dunster lav, and uncorking tho canteen hud shoved tho neck of it into the nearly unconscious nun's throat. "Drink, old maul It's wntor — good pure water! Drink hearty and God btsss you!" vanio in tliin, sepulchral tones from- between the blackenod lip of the ghostly one. "Drink, drink!" And the water-bearer fell Jbeside his" j comrade. Greiu throbs shook his frame.. His breath failed. His oyes became gla red, and his dust- covered head, which had hours ago lost its covering, sank down upon the sand. But in the rigid clasp of death his hand held tho oanteen to his comrade's lips. 'Knocked out by the sun," was Yost's comment; "but he brought back a full canteen. Wal, I've soed lots of 'etn, bull never seed ono with his gritl" They buried him by the rocks undwroto his name on a stake, thrust into the sand at his head. And Bunster, who was com ing out of death's shadow, looked out and monrucd. ThatVvery evening came jingling along the trail a train of burros, by a thick-set Mexican. There was plenty of good water in the casks, and plenty of good food in his packs, and tho travellers ate and drank and went their way towards Flag staff in the Mexican's company. And tho sound of tho tinkling bolls on tho burros' necks echoed from -the rock under which Zach Rawlins lay and mocked his dull, cold oar. "I've seed lots on 'om." Yo.st repoateil, as ho told tho talo to the Mexican — "I've., seed lots of 'em, but I never see one of - his grit." 