AUSTRALIAN JOCKEY CLUB AUTUMN MEETING. FIRST DAY Saturday, April 10. From " RiBBtEDK.v," or The Australasian. SYDNEY, Sunday. Brilliant weather, a good attendance, and exciting sport marked the first day of the Australian Jockey Club's Autumn Meeting. Good Friday was dull and threatening, and there were some misgivings as to the morrow, but all doubts were dispelled on the eventful day, which broke fine, bright, and sunny. It was, in fact, an ideal autumn day, rendered doubly agreeable by an interminable blue sky and a cool breeze, and, as it was a general holiday, there was a good muster of the general public apart from the regular army of racegoers The grand-stand enclosure was exceedingly well patronised, and, notwithstanding the Agricultural Society's Show and other attractions usually associated with Eastertide in Sydney, the attendance was remarkably good, the official estimate being about lb',000. For obvious reasons vice-royalty did not put in an appearance. The adjoining colonies of Queensland and Victoria were well represented, the latter especially so, and much interest was evinced in the racing, as the quite unexpected happened several times. Since the spring meeting, the club has made several alterations and improvements to its property. At the rear of the official stand, and running from end to end, is a spacious asphalted reserve for members, who are sheltered from the sun and rain by an immense verandah, under which an additional refreshment bar has been provided. A telegraph office is also handy. Passengers by tram are now landed at a point beyond the entrance gates, and thereby avoid mixing with the vehicle traffic, which was dangerous. The turnstiles by which admission to the course is obtained, however, did not meet with favour in the eyes of the public, who, jammed behind, could only trickle through in a small stream. The Crown, benefited by recent rains, presented a beautifully green appearance, and so did the course, which, although a trifle dull, afforded excellent going. According to custom, the proceedings began with allurdleKace, for which eight moderate horses did battle. Frantic was made favourite at 5 to 2, but the well-bred Escort, debutant at the illegitimate. game, had a large following, and Bettina, Red Heart, Cascade, and Alarm Bell also found support at various prices. Most of the running was made by Cascade and Alarm Bell, but after going half the journey Alarm Bell and enly dropped back last, and Escort joined Cascade, who held his own to the home turn, where he was beaten, and Bettina, who had occupied a rearmost position in the early part of the race, tackled Escort, who was going well, but he struck the last hurdle hard, and although he finished gamely enough, Bettina gradually wore him down and won a fine race by a head. Bettina belongs to a well-known Sydney doctor, and is by Grand master from La Mascotte, by Winchelsea. Escort performed well for a recruit, but the mishap he met with at the last hurdle will probably incapacitate him for some time, as he severed an artery in the near fore leg, the wound bleeding profusely. Alarm Bell cut his hind legs all to pieces. interest in the Autumn Stakes was spoiled by the absence of Marvel, who so distinguished him self later in the day by his brilliant victory in the ' Doncaster Handicap. Strathmore was opposed by Bungebah, Highborn, Oxide, and Portsea, and despite the. reports that Mr Wilson's colt was not quite himself, the public freely laid 2 to 1 on the champion, in whose condition it was difficult to find a fault. Strathmore in dulged Oxide with the lead for about half a mile, when he took nptherunning, and, sailing away, won handsomely. At the distance Highborn got to Strathmore's girths, and a shout went up, " Highborn wins," but the excitement only lasted for a few strides, for the moment M'Gowan moved on the favourite he responded like a lion, and gained the prize after a short, sharp, but decisive struggle, Bungebah finishing third. Strathmore showed spur marks on both sides, but he was not in the least distressed. The A.J.C. Sires' Produce Stakes was reduced to an uninteresting match between Arquebus and his stable companion Autonomy, of course, there was no betting, and Autonomy suffered Arquebus to remain in front until entering the straight, when he came away and won in a canter. Nineteen runners were announced for the Mutual Selling Plate, and The Gift received such strong support that she left off" a good favourite at 2 to 1. Nothing else bar Competency was backed for much money. Turning into the straight The Girl looked like winning easily, but soon after wards she collapsed, and Oxenham shot past her as if she was standing still, and won very easily from Jack, who was slow to find his legs. The winner was bought in for £270, and in accordance with the conditions of the race the surplus, £220, was divided between the club and the owner of the second horse. Contrary to anticipations the St. Leger produced a great race and a surprising result. Such a certainty was it reckoned for Stromboli that odds of 5 to 1 were freely laid on the cur rish son of Chester, amongst the punters being many followers of the St. Albans stable, whose representative, La Tosca, was not supposed to have a ghost of a chance. Mr. Wilson never for a moment dreamt that La Tosca would beat Stromboli, and was much surprised at the unexpected turn of events. Bengal and Sunshine cut out the work at a good pace, but seven furlongs from home M'Gowan took La Tosca to the front, and she turned into the straight with Stromboli, pulling double at her heels. At the distance, Stromboli drew up to La Tosca's quarter, and as he was still going strongly, "Stromboli walks in " re sounded on every hand. But in the twinkling of an eye, the time was changed to "The favourite's beaten," for Huxley was seen to be uneasy in the saddle, and Stromboli, as on many otb'eroccasions, had collapsed, and all the jockey's efforts were futile to avert disaster, La Tosca holding her own to the end, and passing the post with a short neck to the good, amid tremendous excitement. Mr. Wilson was warmly congratulated on the result, which made the plungers pull a wry face. The time, 3min. 10sec, which is the fastest recorded for the race, is evidence that the price was sound throughout. As the time drew near for the decision of the Doncaster Handicap, the betting underwent many changes. The field was the largest that has ever started for a race at Randwick, for of Sil coloured on the card only three Lady Edda, The Pet Girl, and Duerow?declined their engagement. Trieste, who had ruled as favourite for some time, receded to 20 to 1, and simultaneously Helene, St. Blaize. Wild Hose, and Magic Circle advanced, Helene at Hug-fall being most in demand at 4 to 1, with St. Blaize and Wild Rose next at 6 to 1, and Magic Circle at 8 to 1. St. Maize's backers especially came with a tremendous rush, and a big coup was intended. A demonstration was also made in favour of Ulric and Marvel, but at the close it leaked out that the latter was not fancied by his connections, and he was knocked back from 10 to 1 to 10 to 1 and, in fact, 20 to 1 could have been obtained without any difficulty. Winifred, who looked light, pretty well maintained her place, but Gladstone was not much in demand, nor was Yarram. Mr. Tom Watson was not long in sending his big field away, and when he did lower the ring it was to a splendid start, all the horses with the exception of Shamrock, who dwelt for a stride or two, getting away well together. Trieste was quickest on her legs, and she led them a merry dance to the home turn, where she died away, and Wild Rose appeared on the scene, but it was only for an instant. St. Maize and Marvel, who were always in good positions, were then most prominent. At the distance St. Blaize had the advantage, but Marvel on the outside would not be denied, and cutting his younger rival down a few yards from the post he won a magnificent race by a head, Vain Hope finishing a good third. It was a great performance, worthy of a great racehorse, and on returning to the weighing enclosure Marvel and his rider were cheered again and again. Mr. George Hill was also congratulated upon owning such an equine wonder. On the previous night at Tattersall's Club 100 to 3 was freely offered against Marvel, it being the general opinion that he would measure strides with Strathmore in the Autumn Stakes. There were no big winners on the race, but some of Mr. Hill's friends won small stakes, and the owner himself won little, if anything, beyond the prize, which is attributed to his not having received any encouragement from the trainer. Of the Victorian representatives Winifred and Wild Rose ran best. Details of the racing are as follow :? THE HURDLE RACE. A handicap of 5 sovs. each, with 200 sovs. added ; second, 50 Sovs. About two miles and a half. MM W. Miller ns br f Bettina, by Grandmaster? La Mascotte, 4 yrs, Out. 91. (M'Crow) .... 1 Mr. E. Keys's br g Escort, 5 yrs, 6st 7lb. (Nolan) 2 Mr. S.U. Kennedy's b g Cascade, aged, 11st. 8lb. (J. S Edge). s Mr. R. Yeomans's b g Frantic, aged, 10st 5lb. (Flaulgan) ., 2 Mr. R. J. Thomas ch g Alarm Bell, aged, 10st. 8lb. (Grimes). ,- ° Mr. John Kerr ns ch g Ayrshire, aged, 9st. 5lb. (English). ,- s Captain Sandeman ns br g Clarence, aged, 9st. i lb. (Boardman). 2 Mr. C. J. Robert's b g Red Heart, aged, 10st. 7lb. iHondricks) . .- J Betting.?5 to 2 agst Frantic, 4 to 1 agst Escort, 0 to 1 agst, Bettina. 0 to 1 aged Red Heart, 7 to 1 each agst Alarm Bell and Cascade, 10 1 to agst Ayrshire. The first to leave the post was Ayrshire, but he only remained In front for a few strides, Alarm Bell taking charge of the field and leading Cascade over the first jump, followed by Red Heart, while Bettina was a long way in the rear. Alarm Bell and Cascade carried on the mummy for a mile, when Alarm Bell dropped out of it, Escort going into second place a length behind Cascade as they passed the stand, with Frantic a similar distance away third, attended by Alarm Bell, who was followed by Bettina and Clare herewith Red Heart last. Commencing the last mile Cascade was still a length in front of Escort, who was followed by Frantic, Ayrshire, Bettina, and Red Heart. Very little alteration occurred in the positions as they raced up the back, but as they approached the five furlongs Escort ran up alongside Cascade, and Bettina moved up into third place. At the half-mile Escort passed Cascade, and in the next furlong Bettina ran into second place. Round the turn Escort held a length's lead, and was first into the straight. Below the distance M'Crow made a call on Bettina, and the latter responding, was first over the last jump, and despite a vigorous finish on the part of Nolan she beat Escort home by a head, then six lengths away came Cascade, third, followed by Frantic, Ayrshire, Clarence, and Red Heart, with Alarm Bell last. Time, 2min. 5sec. THE AUTUMN STAKES, Of 10 sovs. each, with 500 sovs. added. For three years old and upwards. Second, 100 sovs. One mile and a half. Mr. W. R. Wilson's b c Strathmore. by Norden feldt Ouida, 3 yrs, 8st. 1lb. f P. McGowan) .. 1 Mr. W. Forrester's b g Highborn, 6 yrs, 9st. (Jno. Gough's Mr. J. Northern's ch g Bungebah, 0 yrs, 6st. (Gainsford) 3 Mr. W.U. Hall's bro- Oxide, 3 yrs, 8st. 4lb. (Egan) 0 Mr. F. H. Purchase's b o Portsea, 3 yrs, 8st. 4lb. (Howard) . 0 settings to 1 on Strathmore, 4 to 1 agst Bungo bah, 8 to 1 agst High-born 16 to 1 agst Oxide, 26 to 1 agst Portsea. A couple of breaks, and they went away at a slow pace with Strathmore in front, but he allowed Oxide to lead past the stand by a length and a half, High born lying alongside the favourite, with Portsea next, and Bungebah last. As they raced to the mile post Strathmore assumed the lead, passing that point a length in front of Oxide, the others being well together. The positions were retained unchanged as they raced along the back, the pace being increased as they approached the five furlongs post. At the half-mile post the favourite was half a length in front of Oxide and Portsea, with Highborn half a length away next and coming fast. Racing round the bond Highborn ran into second place, and when they entered the straight he made a great effort to reach the favourite. For half a furlong there was a good contest, but the colt was equal to it, and coming away be won by two lengths from Highborn, who beat Bungebah by a similar distance, with Oxide half a length away fourth, Portsea being beaten off. Time, 2min. 43sec. A.J.C. SIRES' PRODUCE STAKES, Of 10 sovs. each, with 210 sovs. added by owners of the sires and 300 sovs. from the A.J.C. The owner of the size of the winner at the time of subscription to receive 100 sovs. from the stake ; second horse 10, and the third 5 per cent. on the balance of the prize. Seven furlongs.. Mr. J. B. Clark's br c Autonomy, by Chester five line, 8st. 10lb. (Huxley) 3 Mr. J. B. Clark's h o Arquebus (late Alert), by Martini-Henri Acme, 8st. 10lb. (Potter) .. 2 No betting. Autonomy allowed his stable companion to lend to the distance, when he came away and won easily. Time, 1min. 40sec. THE MUTUAL SELLING PLATE, Of 200 sovs. Weights years, 6st. 7lb.; 4 years and upwards, 8st. 12 lb. One mile. Mr. H. Dargin ns b g Oxenham, by Marvellous? Alma, 0 yrs, "7st. 3lb., £60 (Liddiard) .... 1 Mr. E. E. A. Oatley's g g Jack, aged, 7st. 3lb., £60 . (Hatch).; 2 Mr, H. Oxenham's br The Gift, 5 yrs, 7st. 4lb., £50 (IV. Details)') .. SI Mr. J. lUnnaiic's br g The Bones, 6 yrs, 7st. 10lb., £100 (Ellis) 0 1 Mr. I. Earnshaw's b m Daytime, aged, "it. 616., £76 (Farrell). ..0 Mr. W. Duggan's b o Marraine, 4 yrs, 7st 5lb., £50 (Hawley).. 0 Mr. A. Gollan's b m Rosette, 5 yrs, 7st. 4lb., £60 (Egan) .... 0 Mr. Thos. Park's ch g Hornpipe, aged, 7st 2lb., carried 7st. 5lb., £50 (Brennand Mr. W. Brennan ns b g Rialto, 6 yrs, 7st. 3lb., £50 (Conlon). 0 Mr. J. J. M'Manus'sbr g Danger, aged, "7st. 3lb., £50(Ficlder).0 Mr. H. Giltinan, jun., ns ch g Hugo, aged, "7st. 3lb., £60 (F. White). Mr. W. Kelso ns ch g Komisch, 0 yrs, "7st. 3lb., £50 (Cook) of Mr. W. Kelso ns br g Insignia, 5 or 6 yrs, 7st. 8lb., £50 (Garland) .... 0 Mr. E. Keys rich g Aloldes, 4 yrs, 7st 3lb., £50 I (Morang Mr. John Mayo's bro- Welcome; 3 yrs, 7st. Hb., £50 (J. Donnelly's Mr. W. Forrester's b f Bonnette, 3 yrs, 6st 10lb., £60. Gough's Mr. I. T. Carslake ns br of Competency, 3 yrs, 6st. 10lb., £60 (Tralnor).0 Mr. J. Abrahams's br g The Markes, 3 yrs, 6st. 12lbs., £50(Sehaafo).0 settings to 1 agst The Gift, 5 to 1 agst Com petency, G to 1 agst Jack, 7 to 1 agst Oxenham, 10 to 1 each agst The Bones, Welcome, and Lady Level. A straggling start was effected, Insignia getting best away, attended by Lorraine and The Bounce. When fairly on their legs Insignia held a clear head, and passed the seven furlongs post two lengths in front of The Bounce, with Jack and Alcides next, while Hornpipe was a decided last Along the back Insignia retained his command, but Moran was tailing the others along on Alcides, who caught the leader between the five furlongs and the half-mile post. At the latter point Alcides had assumed the lead, The Gift running into second place, followed by The Bounce and Oxenham. Alcides was first into the straight, attended by The Gift, Jack, and Oxenham. Below the distance Alcides was beaten, and The Gift looked all over a winner. Oxenham, however, was coming fast on the outside, and getting level at the half-distance he came right away, and The Gift stopping fast allowed Jack to pass her, Oxenham then winning by two lengths from Jack, who beat The Gift by a length. Then came Com petency, The Boucc, Rosette, Lady Love!, and Alcides, with Morraine, Insignia, and Hornpipe last. Time, 2min. 42sec. The winner was bought in for £270. A.J.C. ST. LEGER, Of 20 sovs. each, with 300 added. For three-year-olds colts, 8st. 10lb. 2 fillies, 8st. 5lb.; geldings allowed 3lb. Second, 100 sovs.; the owner of the third to save his stake. One mile and three-quarters. Mr. W. R. Wilson's b f La Tosca, by Robinson Crusoe Nightmare, 8st 5lb. (M'Gowan).. .. 1 Mr. J. B. Clark's bro- Stromboli, by Chester Etna, 8st. 10lb. (Huxley's Mr. J.Cook ns br c Sunshine, by Segenhoe Twi light. 8st. 7lb. (Gallagher) 3 Mr. J.B. Clark's bo Bengal 8st. 10lb. (Hotter) 0 settings to 1 on Stromboli, 5 to 1 agst La Tosca, 20 to 1 agst others. Bengal was first to move, followed by Sunshine, the pair going on in front of La Tosca, with the favourite bringing up the rear. In this order they raced the first three furlongs, Bengal and Sunshine being well together when they passed the distance post, five lengths in front of La Tosca, who had Stromboli on her quarter. Racing to the stand the leaders got further away, but La Tosca j 1 began to decrease the cap at the mile and a quarter past, Stromboli following In her wake. Approaching the mile post Sunshine appeared to be fighting with his rider, and dropped back behind La Tosca, who had worked up to within a couple of lengths of Bengal as they ran past the mile post. Along the back La Tosca caught the leader, going to the front at the six furlongs post, while Bengal, who had fulfilled his mission, dropped back, and allowed Stromboli to take second place. At the live furlongs, La Tosca was pulling hard a length in front of Stromboli, who also wished to go. The race was at this part very sound. La Tosca retaining her lead as they swept round the bend and into the straight. Just below the distance Huxley railed on Stromboli, but the colt's challenge was responded to in a gamer manner by La Tosca, who fairly outstayed stromboli, and beat him home by a long neck, Sunshine finishing third 15 lengths away, and Bengal last. Time, 3min. 15sec. THE DONCASTER HANDICAP, Of 10 sovs. each, with 1,000 sovs. added. For all horses. Second 200, third horse 100 sovs. from the prize. One mile. Mr. G. Hill's br h Marvel, by Marvellous La Belle, 5 yrs, lost. 4lb. (Harris) 2 Mr. V. J. Flanagan's b c St. Blaize, 4 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Williams) -2 Mr. J. Cook's be as -Jan hope, 6 yrs, 7st. 216. (Schaafc).. .. 15 Mr. A. N. Banner's brm Tridentine, 6yrs, 9st. 5lb., including 10lb. penalty (K Smith) .. ..0 Mr. W. Sayers's br f Wild Rose, 4 yrs, 8st, Hill. (Morrison) .'. .... ,. 0 Mr. J. Monaghan ne b g Paris, 4 yrs. 8st. life. (Colley's Mr. W. K. Boyd's br h Alchemist, 5 yrs, 8st. 8lb. (Gallagher) 0 Mr. D. O'Brien's b f Florrie, 3yrs, 8st. 7lb. (H. Cus din) ... .... 0 Major F. N. George's b of The Workman, 3 yrs, 5st. 7lb. (P. White).. ,. .... 0 Mr. W. R. Lander's b or bro- St Albans II., 3 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Ellison Mr. I. T. Carslake ns ch h Gladstone, 6 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Ettridge) .... . ..0 Mr. J. B. Clark ns br of Trieste, 8 yrs, 8st. 5lb. (Huxley). 0 Mr. H. Oxenham's b g Hero, aged, 8st. 2lb. (English). Mr. W. T. Jones's b c Penance, 3 yrs, 8st (Juo. ; Gough). of Mr. V. Dowling's br f Helene, 4 yrs, But. (Pearson) 0 Mr. W. L. Smith as b o Althotas, 4 yrs, 8st. (Gar land) ... ? 20 Mr. J. Wilson jun.'s b f Magic Circle, 4 yrs, 7st life. (Moore). Mr. W. Rouse's b m Vespasia, aged, 7st. lb. (J. Delaney) . :. -.. .. 0 Mr. S. G. Cook's brc"Yarran,3yrs,7st, 7lb. (Lewis) 0 Mr. E. Keys's b h Bendigo, 0 yrs, 7st. 7lb. (M'Nulty) . T. ..0 Mr. E. Keys's b c Ruenalf, 2 yrs, 7st. 4lb. (Moran) 0 Mr. H. Oxenham's b of Utter, 4 yrs, 7st 3lb. (W. Delaney's Sir. S. Hordern's b or br f Spy Glass, 4 yrs, 7st. 3lb. (Sankey). .... 0 Mr. W. R. Wilson's b ! Thought, 4 yrs, 7st. 8lb., including 10lb. penalty (Dawes) .... 0 Mr. T. Lamond ns b m Melba, 5yrs, 7st 4lb. (Egan) 0 Mr. S. Fielder's b g Sam Weller, 3 yrs. 7st. 10lb., including 10lb. penalty (F. Fielder) .... 0 Captain Sandeman ns br g Babel late Warby), 3 yrs, 7st (K. Rogers) .... 0 Mr. George Hill's ch g Shamrock, 5 yrs, 7st. (Parker) 0 Mr. M. Jacobs's b or br f Winifred, 4 yrs, 6st. 12 lb. (Trainor). ? .. 0 Mr. J. B. Clark's ch cUlrlc, 2 yrs, 6st. life. (Ud diard). ;. .. .... 0 Mr. W. R. Wilson's br of Coin, 3 yrs, 6st. 4lb. (M'Gowan) .... ,. ..0 Mr. Thos. Campbell's ch g Proctor, 6 yrs, 6st 10lb. (Conlon's Mr. W. Kelso ne ch g Denman, 6 yrs, 6st 4lb. (Cook). .... 0 Mr. John Mayo's ch c Emir Pasha, 3 yrs, 9st. 2lb. (Donnelly) ... ..0 Mr. F. Foy's br c Honour Bright, 3 yrs, 9st. 2lb. (Hatch). .... ..0 Mr. R. O. Danger's but Mascan, 2 yrs, 6st, carried est 3lb. (M'Carthy). .. 0 settings to 1 agst Oehme, 0 to 1 each agst Wild Rose and St Blaize, 10 to 1 each agst Magic Circle and Ulric, 12 to 1 agst Winifred, 16 to 1 (at first 10 to 1) agst Marvel, 20 to 1 each agst Demain, Gladstone, Coin, Trieste, and Paris, 25 to 1 each agst Yarran, Ruenalf, Shamrock, Florrie, Thought, The Workman, and Tridentine, 33 to 1 each agst Emin Pasha, Proctor, and Sara Weiler, 60 to 1 each agst Althotas and Vespasia. As the long line of horses mustered at the post Hey appeared to give the starter very little trouble. St. Albans II. appeared to be Uve most anxious to get away, but he was not a great offender, and when the flag dropped the field moved away well together. Trieste was quickest on her legs, and at once established a clear lead of Althotas, Ruenalf, and Melba, while Shamrock and Bendigo were the last to leave the post. At the end of a furlong Trieste held a clear length's lead of Ruenalf, with Magic Circle, Babel, Althotas, and Come in close attendance, while the others were already strung out to a great length, with Bendigo acting as whipper-in. Despite Trieste a great pace, she was not capable of placing a gap of more than half a length between herself and Ruenalf as they raced along the back and past the second furlong post, where the colours of Penance, Magic Circle, Babel, Althotas, Olric. Wild Rose, Vain Hope, and Marvel were the most prominent in the leading division. Racing round the bend to the half-mile post, Ruenalf began to catch the leader, and at the half mile, he caught Trieste?, while Althotas, Penance, Magic Circle, Babel, Ulric, Wild Rose, Vain Hope, and Marvel could be seen all well together close behind, with Su Maize coming last. The next furlong was fatal to Friends, and St. Blaize worked up into second, place, with Babel, Wild Rose, Ruenalf, Vitlnllnpe.and Marvel following. As they turned into the straight Trieste was still with St. Blaize, but she cellars! below the distance, leaving St. Blaize in front in the centre of the course, with Vain Hope next on the inside, and Marvel on the outside coming fast. Vain Hope was beaten at the half-distance, but only after a great battle. St. Blaize at this point looked all over a winner. He was not, however, done with Marvel, upon- whom Harris was put tine in a great finish. Fifty yards from home Marvel caught St. Blaize. and for a few strides the pair were locked together. Then it was seen that the black horse was more than holding his own, and amidst great excitement Harris made one final effort, and landed Marvel a winner by a head from St. Blaize, while Vain Hope was half a length away third, followed in close order by Altliotas, Vespasia, Deunian, Trieste, Winifred, Wild Rose, Shamrock, St. Albans II., Yarras, Babel, ] and Tridentine, the last to finish being Alchemist. Time, 1min. 46sec. Though there was a large attendance of members at Tattersall's rooms last evening, the wagering on the Sydney Cup was not so brisk as might have been expected, owing in great measure to the doubts expressed as to whether Strathmore would be a starter (or that event As it was layers did not take any liberties with the colt, about whom 100 to 30 was the best offer. G'naroo found plenty of supporters at 5 to 1, and Highborn was well backed at a point longer odds. Vain Hope attracted considerable attention, and 100 to 8 was the best price at the finish. Yowi and Tirailleur had admirers who accepted 100 to 7. Oxide was backed to win £1,000 at 100 to 6, and at the same figure some small lines were booked against La Tosca, while 100 to 5 could be got about Stromboli and Helene, and 100 to 30 was on offer against Marvel, Greygown, Althotas, Sunshine, Varrnn, Bodkin, and Emin Pasha without eliciting any response. The following weights have been declared for the A.J.C. meeting tomorrow :? FLYING HANDICAP', Of 200 sovs. Six furlongs. st. lb. st. lb. Tridentine Wild Rose Paris La Tosca .. Gladstone.. Moon ray .. 9 0 0 3 0 0 9.0 S 12 S 9 8 7 8 7 R 4-8 4 K 4 Dabei Brown Bess Winifred .. Proctor Postmaster Lady Level Isaac Donation .. Alcldoa .. Penman w Palo Alto .. Glitter 8 2 ! Coin 3 2 , Duke of Kent .. S 2 , Ducrow 8 0 Dutch Hoe S 0 Nonsense 8 0 The Swell 8 0 . Pilot Boy .. 7 11 i Morning .. 7 11 ; Bonnette .. 7 11 Denton?.. 7 11 ! Welcome 7 9 ' Uxncmosyne Brown and Gold .. Idalia Bihar Playmate .. Cm list Florae Penance .. Marvclctto : Circle Whirlwind The Gift 2. Lady Kilda Warpaint .. Hero Mitre Corsican .. Sir Anthony Messenger Bedtime .. The Pet Girl Cremorne .. Bendigo .. Arquebus .. Sam Weller Utter Melba lives Competency Thought 7 3 FIRST NURSERY HANDICAP, 6! 200SOV3. Five furlongs, st. lb. 100 0 11 0 11 6 17 7 9 Autonomy.. Moonray .. Camoola .. Moll Birinjl .. Ruenalf .. Lady Edda Warpaint .. Trieste Arquebus .. Rivula '.. Miss Letty.. Isaac Donation .. Palo Alto .. Samband .. Cannon .. Ducrow .. Ennistymon Hairpin .. Machinist.. 9 7 8 6 7 12 7 12 Bliss Mascara .. Albercore .. Widden .. Queensborough Winton .. Grand Jewel Tresfoldt .. Candour ., Welcome .. Sara Glenarthur Cuniiuo .. The. Crown Orlovc Fashion .. Lucinda .. Money Spinner at the. 7.10 7.10 