©rnmbs. Zoo. April. Hotter. All Fools' Dav- Hunt the gowk. April Fool's Day. Garner's to-morrow night: Carl Hertz at the Theatre. The last of the warm weather. Still they come—young lawyers.. On Saturday Cavill v. Mclndoe. Barometer at noon to-dav, 30.06. Have you been made an April fool ?' Tier's Polytechnic opens to-morrow. Carl Hertz is a marvellous illusionist. Some big pumpkins off the Blockers' land. A short list for the Criminal Sitt ; igs next week. The last steamer has knocked off calling at Glenelg. The capital of Burmah has been devastated by a lire. Mrs. Williams eeems to have been a refined little woman. The share market had a risevesterday, but a drop followed. The Sunflower broke his arm while chasing, come larrikins. A fancy dress ball on the Ballaarat was an immense success. The Glenelg Jetty deserted as far as shipping is concerned. Modem magic seen to perfection by the- "King of Cards." Sentence of death has been passed upon the Bloomfield murderer. Every one should read J. H. Symon's letter - on "Judicial Oaths." The new coastal and inland mail contracts come into force to-day. National Park Commissioners want a Curator and Secretary. Vermin-proof fence from Nackara to Morgan likely to be discontinued. The pair who eloped from Fremantle were married by special licence. Another man found who has recognised Swanston from his portrait. The Messageries boats have a reputation for swiftness as well ae comfort. Earl and Countess of Meath have gone on their way to North America. The judicial oaths "sanctifies blasphemy to elicit truth," says Mr. Symon. The Baptist organ is giving a note of warning to "girls caught with glare." A Committee of Investigation to enquire as to whether Dr. Rees ought to apologise. Manager L. J. Lohr has certainly brought - to the Theatre Royal a galaxy of stars. The Victorians to have an encampment after all, but it is to be on a modified scheme. Might not the rails on the Glenelg Jetty bo taken up and sold as old iron—eh, Ben ? Swimming championship of Australia to be - decided to-morrow at the Glenelg Baths. " A Native" has something more to say about • South Australia's fifty-fifth anniversary. Sun rose at 6.15 a.m.; sets at 5*45 p.m. Moon rose at 10.27 a.m.; sets at 8.25 p.m. A pawnbroking establishment calling itself a Banking Company has ijiven up the ghost. Our Revenue Returns are satisfactory. That's more than some of our neighbours can ay. Mr. Ward's funeral was a large one, and ths attendance proved the respect in which he was - held. Hindmarsh Board of Health Chairman does not wish his Board to be brought into notoriety. Sunday work is not permitted on the Happy Valley Waterworks, except under an emergency. James Comrie, the old trading steamer, will not call at Glenelg on her way to Kangaroo Island. Some protest against the request for the proclamation of Cup Day, April 28, as a public holiday. Our Astronomer-in-Chief has observed thecomet. Now listen to what he has to say about it. At the London wool sales there is good competition. That's good news for oar woolgrowers. Goolwa Lodge of Oddfellows is said to be to blame for the lax state of affairs in their institution. Madame Tussurd is not behind the times in the- matter of the Windsor and Rainhill tragedies. Dr. Rees does not see the fun of apologizing to a certain member of the Hindmarsh Board of Health. The Swimming Championship of Australia to be competed for at the Glenelg Baths to-morrow. The Vice- President of the Stock Exchange of Adelaide voted £50 for exceptionally valuable services. The Manager of Madame Tussurd's Waxwords has purchased Deeming's uniform and Dinham Villa. The Queen's letter to the nation has been. etched, and copies will be sold; the proceeds • to go to charities. Mr. Copley suggested that the Blockers Show should be included in the Agricultural Society's exhibition. Almost every day some one rakes up an old crime, which is at once attributed to the Windsor murderer. The Polyneeien did the trip from Largs Bay to Marseilles in a few hours over twenty-six days. That's good. It looks as if there will be a bit of a fighb over the question—Shall Cup Day be proclaimed a public holiday? Mr. Austen Chamberlain has been elected unopposed for East Worcestershire. He isquite a chip of the old blook. The Chairman of the Hindmarsh Board of Health would like to have treated Dr. Rees's case with "gentlemanly silence." There will be a little excitement in Melbourne this morning at the landing of Swanston, or whatever he likes to call himself. Government will consider the Sunday labour question. They should be firm in retaining the rights of those who work on the boats. Canadian sealers are making things merry by demanding $500,000 as damages for delay in the settlement of the Behring Sea dispute. What an absurd arrangement it would be for the Victorian Railway authorities to run the express via Geelong instead of Bacchus Marsh. Magnificent meteor fell in the west on the evening of the 30tb, leaving a beautiful trail of light for a few seconds similar to the tail of a comet. He—"Darling, when shall our love be cemented by the holy bonds of marriage?" She—"Cemented? Good gracious, Adolphus!" It would certainly bo a retrograde step to run the Adelaide and Melbourne express via Geelong after having adopted the short cut across Bacchus Marsh. Mr. Austen Chamberlain, the latest acquisition to the House of Commons, introduced to his father a beautiful American girl, who very soon after the introduction became the latter's wife. "Now, Mr. Todd, what about the comet?" "Come, it will not do for me to say too much about it yet." That's the sort of "joke' 1 likely to be made within the next few days. Russia tells Germany that she has no intention of attacking her, and that the recent movements of Russian troops on the German frontier have only been directed as a measure of precaution. OBITS.—Listen, my son. I am going to tell you something of two famous warriors who were as much alike as obalk and cheese, both of whom made their exit on April the oneth, and just a year from eaoh other i.e. in 1405 and 1406\. The latter died broken-hearted, tho former had no heart to break. Can't you guess who they were? Y U C they were Timour the Tartar and Robert IIL of Scotland. That historical scribbler, in referring to Timour's insatiable thirst for blood, vhich prompted him to overrun the Province of Candahar, to humble Persia, to extort an annual tribute from the Christian Princes of Georgia, to sack and reduoe to ashes the town of Azov, to plunder the people of Delhi, and murder 90,000 Bagdadians—this ho calls "a splendid career!" As for that Scottish King, he might have ended the sixteen years of his reign as he began—in peace—had not Henry IV. invaded his kingdom in the year fourteen hundred and nothing; and he might havelived to become a G.O.M. had not his eldest son been murdered, and bis other son imprisoned for attempting to escape from the treachery of his uncle, the Duke of Albany—I.O. 