A RICH JOKE. A very pretty, stpry. comes from Orange at the expense of two leading Bathurst men, whom we will callfor ?tho- nonce Jones and Robinson. Jones, who weighs nearly thirteen stone, and stands about fivo feet- ten in his etookings, has recently, been -taking: some lessons in the noble art of self defence from a well-known Metropolitan , bruiser, and as a- consequence 'is open' W fight all and sandry at a moment's notice. Although a big and fairly-scienced mani he has not the heart of . a flea. RobinTv son is two stones heavier' than *jpne'Sir and big enough to eat him, but if iJohes is laoking in courage, Robinson is alto gether destitnte of even the fainteet / ghost of a spark of it. ? 1 During the holidays, Jones and Rob inson determined, amongst other things, to 'do 'a trip to Orange. After the day had been spent in various parts of that city of sin without a fight coming off, they finally brought up at a Summer street Hotel. Jones and Robinson had dined well, and were at the bar taking 'another,' when a little square-set, in^ offensive man came in and ordered a nobler of whiskey. No sooner did the girl set it down on the connter, than Jone3 with a lordly sweep of his handj knookedit over.. The little man looked at his spilt whiskey and looked at Jones, but said nothing. Turning to the barmaid, ha simnly asked her to refill his glass. '? She did so, and Jones again sent it flying. Said the little man to Jones; You're either a blackguard or a bully ; if you do that again I shall hurt you.' if The glass was filled for the third time, and Jones took it up and threw the con tents in the face of the little inan. Just fivo minutos afterwards Jones was lying in a corner or the room, an' unrecognisable heap of battered humanity; I Robinson had fled, no one knew whither. A search was instituted for him by some' disinterested friends, who had witnessed the whole proceedings, and finally hei was discovered in one of the upstair rooms under the bed. He was brought down and shown his friend Jones. ' By Jingo,' he said, when he saw tho helpless state Jones was in, peeling off; ~f his coat at the same time. ' By Jingo,! fi°ht ' y0U r° 0 C0Wnrd' Get np andi Poor Jones was put to bed, and now came the difficulty. How was he to get home to Bathurst without being seen ? A happy thought struck him, as he lay: in bed nursing his poor eyes and broken? nose. He would telegraph for a hansom to meet him at the railway stotion by tha morning train. But those who bad witnessed the fight got wind of his intention, and they sent the following telegram to one of his most intimate friends:— : v 'Meet the remains of poor Jonea. Comes by morning train to-morrow' The friends, believing the telegram to' be bima/ide, and under the impression, that some terrible qcoident had termina^^, . ted the earthly career of poor Jones, hired a bearse, and awaited with considerable anxiety, the arrival of the train. It ia needless to add how oharmcd and de lighted poor Jones was on beholding, as ho alighted from his carriage, the mourn ful group of all his 'best' friends, and the black carriage in waiting. Moral for poor Jones, which ho has laid well to heart'— Before knooking over a man's glass again, I10 will take good care to find out boforehnnd who he is, and what he knows about the noble art of self-defence. 