CIVIL SERVICE RETRENCH MENT. There are not many who will find fault with the House of Assembly in refusing to reduce the salaries of those civil servants who are in receipt of not more thBn £150 pr r year, but it is sur prising to find a coterie of members M anv vA-1iiAfinn of oil Thp w nuj iouuvuvu uv »-?« Secretary of the Public Ser?ice As sociation has written a letter to the Age, setting forth various reasons why civil servants should not be reduced, but we cannot agree at all with the arguments advanced. Why there Bhould be the emoluments attached to Government positions, it is hard to un derstand, and Government departments ought to be run on more common sense lines. There is no wonder at the huge deficits we have, and if commercial establishments were run on similar lines the whole country would soon go to the dogs. Some of the reasons given by the secretary of the Public Service Association against a reduction are as absurd as they well can be. He writes about public servants being debarred from engaging in remuner ative employment. We should like to know how many of them would ever have gone into the service if they had had a ghost of a show of doing better, and if their talents are such that they can ' engage in more remunerative work,' then surely they must be ,»reat stupids not t, throw up their billets at once. ' But they know better. The fact is we are as a community over ridden with civil servants, and it is high time a big reduction, not only in salaries, but in numbers also was made. The civil service has become a fearful tax Upon the community, and the Govern ment deserve all the support possible *'? mcil UUUCDI micilipto UU Cut U.UWI1 expenses. The worst of it is that the Government employees are becoming so numerous and the system has expanded so much, that there are lut few city members who dare oppose a decrease, and if the thing is allowed to go on we will soon have the service grown to such dimen sions, that every third person we meet fill be in the employ of the Govern Went and then a pretty state of things will result. Public servants have not suffered anything like the rest of the community, for in every branch of trade hands have been shortened and salaries reduced, whilst the govern' Went stroke and government pay go ou just as ever, and is high time the stroke was altered and the pay reduced, ftnd especially is thiu applicable among the hangers on and higher paid officials. 