IN AND ABOUT THE CITY. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide. February V. Your gossiphas really no excuse to offer he is limp ! decidedly and outrageously lirrp 1 ! Just as much bo as the idiotic men wh( are perspiring money into Mr. Darrell's poclet in the so-called " TUG-OJMVAR." Oh, the poor {OOIb ; but then they perspira after all in the hope of getting something, your goBsip perspires in the company of nspeleas thousands who have nothing to gain by it 1 When Mr. Todd coolly and diBpassionstely in formed ub the other morning that we mght ex* pect a liberal number of days of thehotweather we have had during the past six or seven, there is cot a law abiding citizen who would not on the spur of the mompnt have willingly flung him and themselves on to an icebeig in King William-street city, only there wasn't one j handy Meantime we groan and sweat, and then try a change by means of sweating and groaning in the pantin? monntide glare. Verily, even the ink perspirea all over i my pen I ... Still one must lire through, j and so in the true Spartan spirit we Bacrince ourselves in the direction of numerous lemon squashes, and the high priests and prieBtesBeB engaged thereat watch their victims with" the double distilled composure of the preat Sphinx, or indeed of a regiment of tho3e impassive gentry I am told that your busi ness people are being harried on the Bubject of a WEDNESDAY HALF-HOLIDAY. | This sort of idea has been mooted in lot s of places, and has generally answered amazingly well. In agricultural districts it does not alwayB prove so convenient, because farmers' wives have lots of torubles that muBt be got rid of, and won't wait all over Wednesday after noons until Thursday mornings. There's the setting of eggs that that dod-gasted hen left after having operated upon them for a fort night. They muBt be " dickered " for darning needles, sugar, and " percipity " powder before they turn into badly-made spring ohickena; there's that lot of butter that's just on the turn, and muBt be got rid of quickly, with a pound or two of real good just un the top; there's the swelling scandal about Jenny Jones to be re tailed or investigated ; or there's a prospective rise of 3-77797ths of one penny in the wheat market, and business must be attended to ! And so forth. A friend in the North who is notorious for his slowness and de liberative philosophy, sticks practically by the maxim, " Never do to-day what you can put off until to- morrow," and if left one day longer it will probably not want doing at all, or will have done itself. Is it worth while to re commend this grand idyllic notion to your farmers' wives? ... If your young men wish to get this desiderated boon, let them make it some sort of a necessity or profit to their employers, and the thing is done. I am not in the secret of your social habits, but a good start would be to fix all the pic-nics, brow beating Council meetings, and other pleasant engagements without fail for Wednesdays and the battle's won. [The Yednesday half-holi day has existed at. Mount Gambier from time immemorial.-ED,]. . , I am glad to note that the PENOLA HORTICULTURAL AND POMONOLOGIOAL EXPERIMENTS [Please breathe here, and make a fresh start] are successful. Mr. Riddoch, in improving his own fine estate, is doing big things for the dis trict, and deserves the honeBt approval of a good conscience. No district that I know of haa better fruit-growing capacity than Fenola, with its abundance of fresh water at a shallow depth. Contrast its advantages with some of the four or five-inch rainfall country that makes the northern interior Buoh a delightful region to travel in! The other day, your member, Mr. Cock, paid a visit to a garden at Stirling, near Port Augusta. That region had an area of moving sandhills, red, atark, staring red, the playthings of the Northern tornado dust-storms. Underneath was found a rich, friable, yet heavy loam. Tree- planting and a little irrigation have done wonders. The fruit the other day waa a grand picture, the trees being laden, and the quality unsurpassable. Messrs. Pitts are the very first now in the Adelaide market with ripe fruit brought all the way from Fort Augusta. Ah, the old Port and the present! And the old Penola SANDY CAMERON DAYS and the present. I knew it best when Julian Tenison Woods did duty as missionary priest there, and had two devotions-one for religion and the other for science. Prosperity to Fenola! . . . But in that I am not " in and about the city." I come back penitently, although I was much minded to seek the cool retreats of Mount Gambier itself. Being rescued, I plunge down the steps into the baBement of Melvin'a auction-room, and there find Lavoire'a carte. Cool and comfortable; and soon supplied with modest reflection. Ah j there's my friend Tonj, ifae free aud easy one, and there's DaBhwood, the dignified. Now for a good old talk. What shall it be? The labor movement ? No. The new circus ? No; we ahall have more than enough of that before it goes. The W.C.T.U? No; that|is doing very well-a lot of good work unostentatiously. The mistake made by the Governor on the score of £}t%teChurchiam? No; we will leave that to the Rev. James Haslatp, who is quite able to hold hia own, and ia not easily to be shaken off when he is minded to hold. Well I give up Ah! I have it; we want something cold and Greepy; STEAD'S GHOST STORIES. Tremendous idea that of getting people to revive their memories and their superstitions in the cause of science, and so taking, too ! After all that sort of thing fetches, said I, and though men profess not to believe in eerie narrations of the mysterious and unexplain able, yet I never met with a man who did not, in the midst of his avowed scepticism, give some measure of credence to that Bort of thing well told. This "fetched" Tom, who forth with related JJfS OWN EXPERIENCES. [NowTom i8 a "pressman," and, therefore, always to be religiously believed.] Said he, you know that I am not given to believe every thing that hysterical people, young or old, tell me, but thia I can vouch for. I left England with a view of joining my brother in business. Ke (tad come out to Australia some time before,', had established {jirnself in a "Victorian township not far from a "diggings, and was doing well. Now it happened that my father, who had practically retired from business, was induced by my brother's representations to come' out on a yisjt shortly afterwards. He waa very tenderly attached to my mother, apd parting with her was a great trial. He made the voyage, saw his two sons, and in due time packed up to go to England again. I should mention that by that time I had RETURNED to "MY OLD LOVE," and was editing a diggings newspaper. When my father y/as three weeks on his way home' (as I afterwards was informed) h9 suddenly from having been the life' of the ship-for he was a jolly, free-hearted old boy-suddenly be came as one stricken. He spoke to no one, gnd would spend whole days in gloomy ab straction. gome one of his more intimate friends challenged him as to the'cause of this remarkable change, and elicited that he had had a dream, and that in it he saw his wife by the side of his bunk, and that she told him that she was leaving him. He woke in great trouble. That was on such and such a night, and at such and such an hour. Note was taken. But' meanwhile this occurred to me. I also had a dream, and it'was so fearful tfiat I could not shake off its influence. In those early daya we lived very roughly in newspaper offices, and my sanctum held a stretcher where J nightly " courted the drowsy god." [Tom, you see,' is thoroughly inoculated !] J jumped out, and wrote at the door the exact hour and tbedate. I told my office colleague next day, and said that there waa trouble at home I was sure. Now, would you believe it; that hour and date of my father's dream exactly ; corresponded (latitude being calculated) with the moment of the death of my mother; and my hour and date agreed also exactly with the time of his arrival nom'e, and ths breaking of the news to the poor heart-broken old' man'. He took to his bed, a little while afterwards, from the effects of an accident, and things took a bad turn. Three daya before hia death he called my sister, who was in attendance upon him, and Baid . " JJraily, I shall be leaving you on Thursday night at twelve o'clock." " What do you mean, father?" "I ahall be leaving you all on Thursday night." " Oh, no, father j you cannot mean that." "Yes, but I do; your mother came to me last night, and told me that I was to meet her at twelve o'clock on Thursday night, and I'm going. The old man died at that hour exactly. . . . Now you may sneer and scoff and doubt to your heart's content, but you can't shake those facts. I could tell you more, but those fellows in the i office will be wanting copy. So I'm off, Ta-ta--" But," I began, " you should let j Stead have that; or, better still, get up a colonial series of ghosts, or -?" I found I j was Biinply addressing my remarks to the echo of his footsteps, I may say, however, that J never knew a time when there was more oommon and frequent uae of the well- known phrase-" There are more things in heaven and on earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in our philosophy." Most people assent to the state ment find wait the iisues, 