THE BETRAYAL OF DR. IRONSIDE. CHAPTER I. I stood on the white, silent road some minutes, waiting for my friend. At length I grow tired of wailing, and determined to ex plore the place without him. XO rav surprise, when I applied .the kev which the house agent had given mo to the 1 °° If r 'Vi' 0 ' fc tu r ,lC(l ,ri »tlessly in the look. The door was already open. I passed through, and found that the bolt had boon drawn book and secured by a catch. The lost person who had visited the premises had simply pulled the door to behind him, and the bolt being fastened back, the door had remained open. f ° n . n 7 «gbt.wm a dogged passage leading to a side door in the house. Before mo was the old house itself, ono of those ancient dwellings of which very few are now to bo round within, twenty miles of London, The deep nmllionod windows, high gables, many shaped clnmnios, and, above all, the wild overgrowth of creepers, bushes, and shrubs surrounding it, supplied countless charming ii S t» or the pencil or the brush. How pleased Marvell will bo with this " i said to myself as I ascended the steps at the front entrance and opened the main door. It was merely idle curiosity that led mo to explore the house, for wo did not mean to take it, merely to use it for sketching pur poses. The rooms seemed in no way remark able, mid I passed rapidly from ono to another. At the farther end of the hall was a bmze-coverod door, which I supposed led to the surgery, for I knew the house had been ast inhabited by a medical man—Dr. Black lock. I opened the door, which led to a dimly lighted passage. On my right was another door, which I also opened I was now in the surgery. 1 The light streamed full on my face from Window *> ftnd 1 Baw something black lying on the floor. b “Hallo I” I cried aloul; “what’s this-a woman?” It was the figure of a woman lying all in a heap, as if she had tumbled off tho bench—a fixed bench which ran along ono side of the room. I supposed that she was tipsy, or had fallen down In a fit ‘‘What is the matter?” I asked, trying to lift her. ° Sho was as heavy as load. I looked at her raoo ana uttered a scream— a loud cry of terror. The face was almost black— sho was dead I A moment I stood trembling with horror. Then 1 tried to lift the body on the bench, but I could not. The woman seemed to he between forty and fifty years of ago. She was plainly but respectably dressed. Over one arm hung a worn black leather bag or reticule; in nor right hand sho hold a nose gay of withered roses. An awful expression of pain anger, and defiance was on the dead woman s face. A strong shudder ran through me as I looked at it, and I felt as though I must goT into the open air or I should faint. Lookin" round I saw that it was not- necessary for me to go hack the way I had eomo. There was a second door which led apparently to the flagged passage which I had noticed. I opened the door, which was secured with a patent look, and stopped out, closing the door behind mo. Slowly J walked away from the spot round to the front of the house, whore the sun was shining. Before long I board a rapid step coming to mo. It was Marvell, a chnn « in K old place,” ho called out. ‘ But what's the matter, Munro? You look as if you’d soon a ghost. You’re as lyluto as a shoot. ” In a few words I told him what I had dis covered in the empty house, and Marvel would hardly believe mo till ho bad soon the dead woman with his own eyes. “ Why ! how did sho come hero?” ho ex claimed. “That’s the mystery—one of them, I should say. How did she die? I don’t see any sign of a wound. There’s no blood on the floor ” “Not a drop. But didn’t you open the door with the key the agent gave your” “Yes, it was locked; but I found the door in the garden wall open. Never mind. It is for, the police to find out who sho is, and how sho came by her death. Wo must go and toll them at once.” Between us we managed (o lift the poor creature’s body up on the bench, and then wo went straight to the police office. Of course the affair made a groat sensation m tho little town of Hanbury, and as the house whore the body had boon found was only about a milo from tho town a curious crowd haunted the place for the rest of tho week. Next day it was stated that a woman was missing from a house in Dalton, and tho London police sent down to Hanhurv two persons who know the missing woman. Thcv identified the body at once. The deceased woman, they said, was named Pud soy. She was a widow, and sho had rented a fair sized house in Kensington, the greater part, of which sho had let out in lodgings. Her only known relation was a daughter, who, it seemed, had gone to a situation as a milliner iul Noweastlo-on-Tvno some months before, and had not boon homo since. ’ Of course I attended tho inquo.it. and "avc evidence as to the finding of the body, 0 It did not seem quite clear how the house had boon entered. Tho hedge surrounding tho garden had evidently boon broken through at ono place. This would ho easy for anyone who know tho promises, and it would be equally easy for any one inside tho enclosure to open tho garden door. But there were no signs of tho house itself having boon broken into. All this was mentioned by the police officer who had charge of tho proceedings. A specialist had boon sent for to inquire into tho eauso of death and this gentleman said that tho state of her blood showed clearly that death was duo to some powerful poison, such as those with which certain savages tip their arrows. The poison had been intro duced into tho system through a small punc ture on tho wrist of tho right hand, whore u bluish mark remained to mark the spot. Death had occurred at least twenty-four hours before tho body had been found. It was tolerably plain that someone had enticed (his poor woman to the lonely, empty house, and had there murdered her in this strange fashion, and decamped, without leav ing a single trnoo of his presence. And accordingly tho jury brought in a verdict of " Wilful murder against some person or per sons unknown. ’’ It was necessary that tho funeral should lake place at ouco, and tho arrangements were completed before tho police had suc ceeded in recovering the address of Mrs. Pudsoy’s daughter. Tho poor woman was huriod in Hanbury churchyard, mid none hut strangers like myself followed her to the grave. CHAPTER 11. Tho excitement caused by tho discovery of this crime had ono goad result. It roused my poor friend, Hugh Marvell, from tho de pression under which ho had boon laboring for some weeks. Ho and I wore fast friends —true brothers of tho brush ; and I had long known that ho was ehorising a hopeless passion for a girl whom ho had mot at a ball. Miss Florence Rt, Holier was tho daughter of a famous physician who had been made, a baronet, and sho was far beyond the roach of a nameless and painless artist. Quo day the poor follow oamo to my studio almost distracted. Ho had hoard that Florence St. Holier was at length definitely engaged to ono of her father’s acquaint ances, a young doctor, whoso fortune lay in his brains, named Ironside. Tho nows turned out to bo true, and Marvell fell into a stale of such deep melancholy that I became alarmed for his sanity. In order lo provide him with change of scone at a moderate outlay, I bad proposed that wo should visit all the old houses wo could find near London, and make sketches of-thorn. It was in this way wo had gono to soo Hanbury Grange, fts the empty house was called. Marvoll was greatly iutorostod in tho mysterious orlmo which had boon com mitted there ; hut ns all ohanoo of discover ing the murderer faded away, ho relapsed into his old melancholy, Wh had not Yot left Uaubury, when ono evening, as wo sauntered together down tho lane that led to tho churchyard, wo met a young woman with a baby in her arms. She had a faeo that was still beautiful in its sweetness; and 1 could well imagine that as a maiden, she must have been very lovely, Hho was dressed in very ordinary attire, yet without any of (ho marks of poverty. As wo approached aho ulood still, evidently moan ing to apeak lo us. “Can you tell mo, sir, whore Mrs. Pudsey’s grave Is?” she said lo Marvel. “t’vo been trying to find It, hut 1 can’t.’’ • “ It is not easy to toll you ; hut if you eomo with mo, I will show you tho kpot,” answered my friend. ‘ The girl thanked him and walked on by his side, while F dropped behiiid. ' “May I ask your name?” «aid Marvell. Tho stranger blushed (ind hesitated. “Are you Mrs. Pudsoy'a daughter?” ' lie asked, without further preface. “Yes, sir, I am,” answered the girl. “It was only yesterday that I found out what had happened. But, oh, sir,” «ho burst out ‘you don’t think that my poor mother was murdered, do you?” “l’m afraid it is too tnio," said Marvell gravely; “and 1 think you could help ua to discover the criminal.” I sir?” exclaimed the woman, in evident surprise that I’m sure I couldn’t. It’s eight months since I left homo; and I—I can t imagine who could have hurt mv mother, if anybody hurt her,” Something in the girl’s tone struck mo as peculiar. It almost seemed ns if she wore defending herself; ns if sho woro protesting too loudly her inability to avongo her mother s blood. Tho same thought had occurred to Marvell, for ho glanced sharply at the girl ns she said— You can ns'least give mo tho name of some ono who was on good terms with your mother, or somo ono who had something to gain by her death.” * i^ ho hadn’t «n enemy in the toteave ' 1 kn ° W ° f ’ nnd 8h ° had no mon °V “ But it must have been somo ono’s interest her out of tho way.” ‘ So it would seem, sir. You said $ou would show mo tho grave,” J ground" 8 t * m ° W ° ad Hio burying “Just one other question first. Did you over hoar your mother speak of Hanburv?” “No— never,” “Not of having been here, or of friends olio had hero?” “ Never. ” Tiio girl s voice had on honest ring, but her o/es foil beneath my friend’s searching look. Ibis, however, might be duo to her modesty and her grief. Evidently it was im possible to question her further. Marvel! pointed out to her the spot sho was seekiri" and, taking my arm, walked slowly awnv. Manro,” ho said gravely, “if I am not very much mistaken, that girl knows or sus pects more than sho will allow. “What! You do not suspect that clilid, for sho 13 hardly more — }t “To ho a murderess? No, And yet her answer scorned to bo wanting in frankness ” I glanced back. Tho poor girl bad laid her baby on tho turf, and had fallen on her knees at the foot of tho grave We could see that she was weeping bitterly. “Como away,” I said, impatiently; we cannot intrulo on tho poor thing’s grief. ' ° r it is n <> business of ours to unearth Mrs. Pudsey’s murderer.” Marvell made no reply, and wo sot out on our way homo. We woro still a mile or two from our lodgings, when it began to min; and so heavy was tho downpour that, before the distance was accomplished, we woro wet through. Having reached our temporary home nnd changed our wot clothes, wo sat down to supper. After supper wo filled our pipes ; and, as I was searcing in mv pocket for my box of vestas, I found and pulled out a latchkey—ono which I was sure did not' belong to mo—a latchkey on a steel ring, with a small koy of peculiar shape also hanging on tho ring. “How do I come to have your latchkey in my pocket? I asked, tossing the thing over to Marvell. “My^latchkey? This isn’t mine.” “Isn t it? Then it must belong to our land lady. ” I rang the bell and asked tho question. No; our landlady assured us that the key did not belong to her, or to any member of her family. “It is very odd,” I remarked, “Very,” said Marvell, with a strange look on his faco. “Do you know what this is?” “No. Do you?” “ It is tho key of the empty house!” “ Impossible I” “It is so. These are tho clothes, I re member, you bad on the day vou discovered the murder. Have you worn them since? I think not.” “Wait,” I cried. “I have it. When I first discovered tho body, I felt as if I were going to faint, and wont out of doors by tho nearest way, through tho door that opens from tho surgery into the garden. I was quite giddy nt tho time; nnd I have no doubt that I closed the door after mo, nnd finding a lath koy in the door, I slipped it into my pocket mechanically, literally without thinking what I was doing. Tho murderer, in the excite ment of that awful moment, huiried away from tho soon© of Uls crime, forgetting that ho had not removed tho koy from tho door. It seems to mo, Marvell, that whoever puts his hand on tho owner of this koy, puts his hand on Mrs. Padsoy’s murderer. ” CHAPTER III. Of course I handed tho latchkey, or rather tho two keys, whch I had found, to tho police on the following morning; and two davs afterwards Marvell and I returned to London. Further reflection had nude ma agroa with my f riend in thinking that the girl wo ha d mot in the chnrchvard lane—Mrs. Pudsoov' daughter—could furnish tho police with 3 valuable information ; and I thought it hotter to write to tho authorities at Scotland Yard, and toll them of our mooting with tho girl ; asking at the same time whether they hul succeeded in finding her address. * Tho answer was Hut all efforts to trace Miss Pudsoy in Newcastle had failed; and that, ns months had elapsed since sho loft 1101110’ it was not thought likely that she had any thing to do with the crime, or that sho would bo able (0 throw light upon it. Some weeks passed. Marvell gradually rolospod into tho melancholy form which ho had formerly been 8 ifioring; and it was ohiofiy with a view to uso his interest nnd I draw him out of himself, that I proposed to him ono day wo should ran down to Hnn bury, nnd ascertain whether tho polioo had made any progress in their investigations con cerning tho koy. As expected, tho superintendent of polioo, when I put my question shook his head with a smilo of superior wisdom. “ What can you make of that key?” ho said ; “anyone may have a key.' “But very few persons, I should think, could have had this particular kov, ” I sug gested. “ Well, now—there’s the house agent, a most respectable man, married, family all grown up and doing well. Ho can't have had that key of yours. Then thoro’s the owner, an old gentleman living in Italy, who never saw tho place in his life. Then Micro’s (lie last tenant, Dr. Blackloek, Ho lived in the house twenty-eight years. Ho is retired now ; stays at Lewisham, quite by himself. If you suspect him, well,all I can say is you’ll never got anybody in Hunhury to believe yon. lie was liked and respected by everybody." “Did he sell his practice?” I asked. “Yes, sir; and tho gentle nan who bought it, Mr. Moybriok, took a house close to town, as his bride thought the Orange was gloomy. But ho could never have had any thing to do with tho keys of a house ho never lived in,” “And ho could hardly have purloined a key hoforo Dr. BlaQklock left, on purpose to com mit a murder somo two years afterwards," put in Marvell. I got possession of tho keys promising to hand them back to the police if limy should require them; nnd Marvell and I walked haok to tho station. “This is an interesting ease,” said my com panion. Suppose we to try solve it?” “I’m quite willing," I answered; “but I hardly see what we can do. The police are nt fnulU” “They seemed to have taken no trouble about tho matter,” said Mnvvoll. “I moan to go and see Dr. Blnoklock. It seems to mo all but certain that tho koy belonged to him, and that it must have been carried away by him, or by ono of his ser vants, perhaps, when ho loft Banbury." Wo returned to London, ran down to Lewisham, nnd called on Dr. Blaeklook. Ho was a p\oasant, intelligent, white- haired man, well over seventy. To qur surprise the doctor declared tl\at ho had never before soon the latchkey I had taken from tho door of the anrgory nt 'Hanbury Orange. “Tho keys • belonging to Ibo door woro longer," bo said, than the one I showed him. “And yon will admit,gentlemen,” ho added. “that after carrying a latchkey for some thirty years, ono must have a tolerably accurate idea of what it is like. Hut if you want corroborative evidence I can furnish you with it Here is a gentleman coming up the avouuo who was my assistant for two years. IT his voeoUeottou coincides with mine, you will agree that I am right.” Wo had hardly timo to make a suitable reply, when a tail man with sallow 00111- jiloxion, piercing dark oyos, and a full black board entered tile room. Dr. Blaeklook introduced us in such n slip shod way that I did not catch the stranger's name, and handed him the latchkey, which had not boon removed from its ring. The now comer darted a keen look at Dr, Black lock, at mo, and at my friend, and then bent over tho keys,as if to examine them very carefully; I happened to glanoe nt Marvell. Ho had turned deadly pale. “No, I don’t recognise tho keys at all,” said Dr, BlaoUloeU’n lato assistant, in a distinct, measured tone. “ You won’t guess wimt house they say that latchkey belongs to? The Iiou-o wo lived In I at Hanbury, the ono in which tho dead body was found, *’ cried tho doctor. ■; \i ?;p, Tho gentleman shook his head, You used to have ft latchkey for the surgery door, but it was longer than this, wasn t it?” Yes,” answered the gentleman whoso name I bad not caught. “I feel sure the surgery latchkey was longer. ” \Vo remained after this for a few minutes, < unng which Marvell, I saw, was impatient to get away. At length wo look our leave. I can t bear to sit in the same rcom as “wi“? wto ->•«™. “Didn’t you hear his name. Do is Dr. ironside, the man who is to marry—” I understood and gave my friend’s arm a sympathetic squeeze by wav of ronlv “What are you going *to d 0 l .fow?” bo enquired, r this key into the Thames,” said f. As I spoke I felt for it in my pocket, ! and could not find it. 3 1 “ Have you got it?” I asked, plunging my / hand into my other pocket, “Got what?” asked Marvell, “The key? Not I. I never touched it,” u I must have left it on the table,” I said, or dropped it on the floor, or Dr. Blacklock may have it or Dr. Ironside,” and I began to walk rapidly back to the house, anxious (o regain possession of the little bit of metal which I had just said 1 would fling into the rbamc-i. “I needn’t go back with you,’- said Marvell to mo, but watch that mati Ironside sharply, and see if ho dropj the key and pretends to und it for you.” I started and bunded on faster than before. What could Marvell moan by that? I won dcred. Ihat Dr. Ironside might have quietlv picked up the key from the table, und-V cover of our leave-taking?— that ho had an interest in getting possession of it, and, not. during to retain it, would return it secretly by pretending to find it? Then Marvell suspected Dr. Ironside of being Airs, Pudsey’s murderer. But then, I reflected, the doctor was my friend’s success \\\rt, f 1 - * ItoBide* the idea was absurd. hat interest could a woll-lo-do, fashionable doctor have in the death of a plain, middle aged woman, like Mrs. Pudsoy? I deter mined, however that I would watch Dr. Ironside closely, and if I saw reason to think that he had tried secretly to gain possession of the key, I would mention the circumstance to the police. After all, ho was one of the very few persons who might conceivably have committed the crime, one of the very few who might have retained possession of a key for the surgery door. The two doctors wore still together when I re- entered the house. I explained my loss ; and, as I kept a corner of my eye on Dr, Ironside while I hunted about, I distinctly saw him slip the key down on the floor behind a hassock, and then pick' it up. J-hat night I went to Scotland Yard, and communicated my suspicions to the ChiM Commissioner of Police. About a week afterwards I received a note from the detective in charge of the case, a man named Tobin, asking mo to go with him to Dr, Ironside’s house next d iy, and identify the key I had found, upon which I had made a private mark. I did not relish the job, and yet I was curious, indeed anxious, to know what had been discovered. A few yards from the house the detective met me. Two constables wore loitering about along not far behind him. “I wanted you to see what those keys will open, so that you could swear to it.” he said A few stops brought us to Dr. Ironside’s house. The detective pulled out a latchkey, inserted it in the patent lock and ooullv opened the door half an inch, closing it immediately. ° “Do you recognise the key?" he whis pered to me, holding it up to mo with bis left hand, as bo rang the bell. “It is the same,’’ said 1. In less than a minute wo were shown into the doctor’s consulting room. He looked up as wo entered. My companion walked up to him. “May I ask if these are your he vs?” he inquired, gravely. The doctor turned a shade paler as ho glanced at me, and answered sharply, ‘‘I have already told this person that they are not, ” “Odd; for one of them opens your front door. The other opens the desk - of your writing table.” The wretched man tried to speak. lie could not. The oflicor coolly inserted the small key in too lock of the desk, and turned it round.* “ Toat is nothing,” stammered out Dr. Ironside. “ Keys otton open locks which thoy wero novor intended to open.” Ho drew out one of the drawers of the table as ho spoke, and put in his hand. The detective appeared not to notice him. Quietly the doctor withdrew his hand from the drawer. “ What have vou got there, sir?” cried the deice’ivo seizing his hand. Stop! wretch. \ ou have killed me.” The oflicor relaxed his gras)). The doctor opened his Angers, an i a liny li tlc thing like a locket, made of .-.Del, fell on the carpet \\\ hat is thi-.? asked the doloetivc, pick ing it up. “Show it to mo—on the palm oi your hand,” said the doctor. The man did so, and the doctor made a furious da-di at his hand, trying, as it seomod to urn, to squeeze his captor’s hand over the locket. The police oti'ucr, however, easily throw off the doctor's grasp, and dropped the mysterious locket on the ground. “\ou are my prisoner,” said the detective calmly. “ It doesn't matter,” said the other, with equal calmness. “I shall ho a dead man in loss than twenty-four boms. Without in tending it, you have rendered mo a service. ” Every elTort was made to save the guilty man’s life, but in vain. The steel locket was filled with a virulent poison— ai deadly ns the poison of Ihe rattlesnake. U was furnished on one side with tiny i necdlo-liko points, which pierced the skin without inflicting any pain worth noticing, and which, being hollow, admitted Uio poison into the veins of the person whoso skin had been pice rod. H was clear (hat Dr. Ironside had for gotten to give up his latchkey when ho left I Junburv (’.range, and ho h ul accidentally diseovero 1 that it would open the door of his own hous". lie had accordingly used his own latchkey to gain admittance to (he surgery and having enticed his victim to enter the place, ho had offered her some roses, shaking ban Is with her at the same time,and in so doing had pressed the poisoned locket upon her wrist. Mrs. Pudsov, think ing merely tint the thorns of the roses had pricked her, had not been alarmed. And then, wo conjectured, he had remained talk ing to her until the paral.sis induced by the poison, ,S‘-t in, and prevented her from leav ing the house. As for the motive of the crime, a little enquiry (now lint wo had got on the right track) Sion made that only too plain. There was little wonder that the police could not find Miss Pudsoy at Newcastle. She h ul never been there. She had eloped with Dr. Ironside, wfiio, at one time, had had rooms in her house. Mrs. Pudsoy had in sisted on a marriage taking place, and the doctor had, in turn, insisted on it i being kept a profound secret. But long since ho had grown tired of his gentle, stupid, uncul tured bride; and, having fallen madly in love with Miss St. llcliev, ho determined to risk everything and marry her. It was not from his wife, hut from his mother-in-law, that danger threatened him. No doubt she had discovered his intentions, and had in tended to denounce him. The locket (either a rolio of bygone days', or a modern imitation of some such relic), had suggested to the doctor a means of carrying out hi a murderous design in silence and secrecy, Florence St. Holier never know tho 'true cause of Rfir lover's death ; and, of course, time lessoned the violence of her sorrow. Two veers have passed since (hen; and Marvell, I can sec, is not without hope that he may yet gain the object of his desires, lie has taken Ironside’s young widow and her child under his oaro. Mhc is certain, ho tolls mo, to marry again. I cv.gd not, but think she had some suspicion \ as to tho way in which her mother wuue by her end. But, she never knew for certain that her husband was a murderer; nor did any ono over tell her that he himself fell a victim to the deadly power of tho poisoned locket. Ono of tho most extraordinary collections of walking sticks over made was formed by Robertson, of Kencraigic, who was popularly supposed to bo “daft.” U was his practice to carve on his stick tho head of any friend or foe ho mot with, ami in time ho owned quite a portrait gallery of wooden heads, which proved (ho cause of much wonderment to his visitors, for every hatch ho entertained had thoir features properly reproduced in oak I or hazel. At a loss for a now motive for n gamble, two members of a Paris olub deposited 100 louis each with tho secretary, also their watches, both timed to tho same minute. Ho was to retain them for two hours, at (ho oud of which time, having dined, they called or tho watches, and tho one whose watoh was in ndvauoo of tho time of tho other, took tho j louis. | 