ST.'JOSEPH'S SCHOOL AT SOUTH YARBA. ON Sunday last the Archbishop of Mek bourne visited South Yarra for the purpose of "diieninfe tbe'neWBchool in cotittectionwith i St. Joseph's School, which has just beencomi- jilet^d. HiB Graoe, on arrival, ^aB received by a guard of honour composed of n the looal branch of the H.A.O.B.S. v - it' tad' been wikely arranged that only ' sautis should attend at eleven o'clock'MaB*, ; it having been direoted that all children , should attend the earlier Masses. There was an extremely large congregation, the Bitting iboto within the churoh being taxed to its 1 .'Utmost limits. • . . . .. : •r Fr. H Mass, and Mr. Ernest King officiated as conductor. There was a full orchestra undei ; the leadership of Mr. Obarles Levy. The vprincipals were Mrs. Power, Miss Egan, , Messrs. Frank Holt and John Jenvey. , Amongst the professional musicians were Messrs. Wiedemann (viola) and William • Hingott (trombone). The Mass, which re- -.ceived a -very impressive , rendering, was . -Gounod's Meite Solcnnellc. • At the offertory Mrs. Power and Miss Eg$n ' sang, with muoh effect, Ernest King's " Salve ' Eegina," 1 land during the collection the • orchestra played Mendelssohn's well-known . War March. , The Very Bev. J." L. Hegarty preached a 1 powerful sermon from the text-^-" Gbirig, 1 therefore, 1 teach ye all nations:'bAptiiing . £hem in .the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the . Holy Ghost." He referred to the importance of a Christian education ' Mr children; without whioh it would be "impossible to ensure their eternal salvation, • ati^ deeply impressed on the congregation i the duty parents owed to their ohildren in tile matter of having them properly taught 1 according to the' teachings of the Church in r the duty they owed to God. The veryreverend ivpreaober made referenoe several times during J the oourse of'the sermon to the gross injustice done to Catholics by the State in con- ' "neetion with what was a matter of the : ;bigheBt importance. .The grave offence j ipsiepts,. were guilty of by sending their children to seoular schools, andjthe penalties " they inotirred b^ doing so, was explained in ".emphatic language. CatholicBwere exhorted to support their own schoolB to the fullest extent, of their ability, and they would be fully and xichly Tewarded by ; God, for their liberality. After Mass, bis Grace the Archbishop proceeded to the school, whioh was filled by the congregation, and, ' having formally ! 'blessed the Btriibture, said that the prayferB which bad been used in the oeremonywere • no less in importance and solemnity than those with whioh a church was blessed and ; consecrated to the service of God,' for it was held by the -Church that a school held a place . • riot ; ' dissimilar in sanctity to that of a churoh. The reason was that it was in. the school•,the foundations <of 'faith were laid, and without a- proper foundation the; superstructure could not be securely erected. He could heartily congratulate , the. people pf South Yarra on the earnestness and zeal they .bad .displayed, as was evi- ,denced : ,by jthe very fine and commodious school 'tHey* tad erected for the benefit of the children .of. the parish. It was by no irieany desirable J that a school should be con- . ducted in a church, but that plan had to be adbpied ib'new countries for a time ; but the people of South Yarra were to be praised for 1 tbe' effort they had made to remedy the defeot asBoonas possible. Not only was the school -suitable for the ohildren, bat another object would be gained—the accommodation in the church .would be increased, so that both young and old bad at the same time been provided for. The people o£ the parish were entitled to the warmest congratulations on .the work they had. oarried out. ' He was' aware that there were some Catholic parentB' who,, unfortunately, did not take inthe importance of the question of the education of their children, and who thought that. if they seouredfor them a good Beoular eduoation, they did all that God required of them. That, however, was not the case. If the 1 ohildren were destined for this world alone it might be quite enough. . God sent them into the world, In which, even taking the longest [span, they would remain probably not more than 70 or' 80 yearB. But beyond that there was 'an endless period of eternity stretching before them, and their fnture fate depended on the manner in which they should live during their earthly iearesr. It was for that reason thW the education of ohildren was of the most vital importance. If a parent believed that by sending a child to a secular sohool the sight of that child would be greatly impaired,; or that its hearing or its morals would' be likely to be injuriously affeoted, would he J send it. to such a school ? He certainly ' would not. He (bis Graoe) would Bay, as , to that, that the loss of faith likely to follow from sending ohildren to sepular Bobools was in itself a much greater loss than that of-Bight or hearing, or, in a certain' sense, of morals. He wonld make his mean-' ang plain by taking a honie far an illustration. Say that its roof or its walls were in bad repair lo 6aoh an extent that they admitted the rain, and it were Bough't to render it,at totebitatioQ.They Would naturally 1 look to the'foundations, andif they were good, • ^e -houee-flould be rendered habitable and comfortable. But if the foundations wfere' 1 bad, it. would be nselesg to' , jnake any. effort to put the dwelling in repair, and ,they would not spend ' (rmoney on the iattempt, as it co^ld .serve „.M, .usefal purpose, but would abandon. .v it.' What was trueiof ad welling wasequally true of ft spiritual house. Cmldreh ttere' not taught religion in .the.State Bchools, and although he was awate that children who bad been brotight up in Catholic schools had .in some'oases gone wrong, still if they bad been brought up in the proper way in their youth there was. hope for them in, the future. The faith which bad been implanted in them might be expected to produce iti natural results. ; Bat in the case of a boy, whose,iaith had altogether died out there was but lititle hope of hiB conversion. He could not, in his old age, be expfedted to put into practice what he had not learnt in his youth; If a parent wished to give hiB child a fair chance .of salvation be .could, npt. be too careful about its early t&aohing.; If religious nstruction was tot imparted to a Child in the Bohool, there was but a very pcior chance of llinail its being was the imparted oelebrant at all. of - the It might be aid that, a knowledge of religion could p taught at'.home. There was not rie' parent in A hundred who would lo it.^ Either they had not the time, he ability, or the method; and, besides, here were other reasons which prevented hem from atteriding 'to the spiritual wants A their ohildren. ' Some people thought that eligious instruction could be given in the unday school. How .could a child be ufficiently taught, in the course of an our or three-quarters of an hour every eek? And then it should be remembered hat the ohildren did. not attend regularly. ven if they, did, it was patent that one day week was'not sufficient for the purpose. hat a child learned on one Sunday would e forgotten before 'the next. It was simply mpossible that they could,acquire any adeuate idea of religion. It was certain that t the same care were not taken of the reliious as of the secular education of childreri he. faith would die out of them, and tbey ould become spiritually blind. , No parent ould willingly sacrifice the eye, or the ar, or the morality of bis child; ut, as he (his Grace) bad said, n even worse sacrifice was made when a hild was denied a fair ohanoe of securing the oundation of faith—a religious eduoation. t was most gratifying to find that the people f South Yarra had provided the means of iving, their children, a Bound religious B well as secular eduoation, and they were o be warmly congratulated on the success which ht£d attended their efforts. They bad ot only provided for the' immediate wants f their own, children, but for generaions of children to come, and, besides that, they had provided, for the better - accommodation ' of the elder people in<theohuroh. He hoped and trusted hat God - would bless everyone who had had a hand in the >vork. He hoped they would particularly be blessed through their Children, arid that these children wciuld be"good, and dutiftil, and obedient. Colonial children were in many .instances .inalined; tbe disobedient, and to disregard their parerits, and the training they received in the secular chobls did not terid to correct the tendency: e hoped (that God irtould bleu the childreri attending this school in life and in death. - ' Mr. Edmund. Keogh, J.P., said that he ad very "great' pleasure y in moving a vote of thanks to their beloved-Archbishop. He (hiS;Graoe) had left his home in pictursque Gal way, where .be was not only highly espeoted, but profoundly beloved, for the qualities of bis head tind -heart and bis deep inoerity , 'for'the welfare of his flock; Since is arrival in the oolony everything in conection with the Churoh had progressed with ost gratifying rapidity. Since the arrival of bis Grace he had brought from the old country riests and' nuns And other religious, and hurohes and sohools sprang- up everywhere. His Graoe had the active vco-operation of any 'able priests, such as Fr. Hegarty, hose eloquent''Sermon had so fedified thern, ll in the church a short time ^previously,, nd who had won tor himself the highest reard and affection by his piety, his learning,, nd bis devotion to bis 'saored duties. He the speaker) need 1 Bearably say anything with' egard to the esteem whioh Fr. Benson, their' eloved parish priest, had, endeared himself * o bis parishioners by his kindneBs and attenion to all, and particularly his de votion to the ick arid the iafflicted. His Grace, tfho had lessed the school as representative of the postles, -was aa blessed as they. He had reat pleasure in moving that a hearty vote f thanks to his Graoe for bis visit should be iven. Mr. J. W. Foster Sogers had very great' leasure in seconding the resolution. Many people thought that a bishop-had nothing to do because he rode about in a carriage, and few knew how bard bis Grace had to work. As a matter of fact, it was surprising how iriuchwork hiB Grace actually got through. He had bedrid that when moist of them were fast asleep in their beds bis Graoe tfas hurrying off t6 Spencer-street station in order to attend the opening, and to'bless some distant school. He bad known BOffle twenty bishops, and he could safely say that there was not brie of theiri who did not' work harder thain any brioklayet, and certainly, there was not one of them -vyho did not work moire than eight. hours a day. There was every reason for congratulation in the work they had just assisted at. The Gatholic Ohurbh was engaged at the present time in teaohing rio feiWer than fifty millions of ohildren .'throughout the world. The number of teacher's erigaged iri'the work wUo. faeyer Wcei^sd a'pitoiny for their'dervices was larger 1 /than',the number of paid teachers' employed' 1 in America, notwithstanding its vast pp^iuliilSbni' What diil the Minister 6f Educatibri.' who, he regretted, was not present that ''day,'know about'-that? ' Nothing, be ventured to say. Tbe spirit of the VictoHan Constitution-!wfcs 'the ^sariie as' that' of the United StatgSi but in that, country the letter of the ConstitntipniWas fended in i^ucb) ;a way as "to 'prbviae that"&era; stoulcl be no legislation which should place ariy section of the cbinmunity under any dieelbility or under pains and penalties on - acoObnt of their! religion. Why ithe Catholics" of Ans- ! tralia, .patiently , bore , the, injustice to which th^y were subjected, in .the matter of education seerrie'd' to 1 mm [difficult to' understand. He gave it tip AB'a puzzle.' In the words of Lord Dundreary, it was one ofthose things that " no fellah can under-: stand." It was to be regretted that there, had never' been any {organisation to get the 1 atholic party together. 1 In New "Zealand' there had been the same disorganisation! until Bishop Moran, by his, influence, got the Catholic people together, and they 1 'decided oh giving a block Vote,'and thus by being banded together they were able to ake their influence felt., He was ,quite| sure that until such time as the Catholios ofj ictoria acted unitedly in giving their votes: they- would be powerless to Resent a breach; f thfe unwritten Constitution by whioh they were .made to pay twice over for their sohools. l (Prolonged applause.) The resolution was oarried by acclamation, and, bn the suggestion of Mr. Keogh, hearty cheers were given for his Grace and Fr. enson.,, The Archbishop, who, on coming forward, as loudly cheered, Remarked that''if his comiDg, to - South Yarra had involved any rouble, tbe warmth of bis reoeption would ave amply compensated him,.showing him, s it did, that they, were in sympathy with im''in his desire for the support and adancement • of Catholio sohools. He had a deep-seated oonviotion 1 that faith in this country was dependent on the Catholio schools, and but for them it would die ut. "When a nation -brdright np its children without religion, or spiritual training, no .matter how good or sincere its men might be, they would not be in a position to follow the destiny for which God bad designed them. The children of the colony were being brought np without faith, and so were deprived of the benefits of faith. By virtue of his position he bad an official .'duty to perform in furthering the spread of Catholio education; but, apart from, that, as a man, and as a Christian and a Catholic, he felt it incumbent on him to do everything witbiri bis' power to further the cause, but'Without the great heart and the great mind of'the people he would be unable to do anything, He was under a . deep -and lasting obligation to the Catholic people for the assistance they had given, and the people of Sobth Yarra were worthy of special laudation for the excellent example they bad shown. Beference; had been made.,by Mr. Bogers to the want of organisation among Catholics so far as Parliamentary elections were concerned. He (his Graae) was aware thatumany 'itaen. took an extremely narrow nd parochial view of Parliamentary.matters, arid looked rather to the candidate who -was in favour of the forination of a road; or tbe building df a bridge, than to him who was favourable to granting justice, in the matter of Catholio education. - The. road or the bridge, to such men, seemed to be regarded as beirig of higher importance thari Gatholic schools. He knew that a great deal might be done by the election of Catholio,Candidates or those in favour of the just olaims of the jOatholibs arid the rejection of such 1 as wete hoitile to them. He was not in' favour -of Adopting the " block vote,".'as suggested, so long aB any hope remained of pbtaining justice by any other mearia.; If it were found, however, that after every effort had been male, arid every other means had been exhausted, nothing came of.. th,eir: • pereeveranoe, the people would then have to resort to the, block vote in' order'. to secure "for themselves cominori justice 'in the mlatter^of education. He thanked them,again doubly for the occasion they bad giyen for hi|j visit to the parish, and for the heartiness' of his reception. Fr. Benson, be knew, was. very earnest and jealous, and although he?hp,d not been long in charge of the mission, and ad done agreat deal, what he had done iriight be looked iipPn aB a foretaste of what might be expected from him in , ; the ^future. He had shown that his heart-. was in bis work, and he (bis Grace) koew that he took a special interest in thfe young, for in them lay the hope of the future.: The greatest good-.might be .ezpeoted to come from the school, and he congratulated Fr. Benson and bis parishioners on its ereotion. As >he had said before, he hoped that God feould bless all who had been eonoerried in the work. -(Applause). At Vespers Fr. Keating preaohed to , a large congregation on the subject of Eduoation. ' A substantial sum was contributed, his Graoe the ArohbiBhop heading the list with a donation of £20, Fr. Benson a similar amount, and several members of the sohool committee £5 each. ' The echool; whioh will alBO serve the purposes of a publio ball, is 76ft. in lepgth by a width of 33ft., with a stage 33ft. by 15ft. in width. The height to ceiling is 26ft. 6in. The stage is fitted np with a handsome curtain and stage fittings.. Tbe material used in the construction of the building is wood, and the style Gothic, t|o harmonise with the chur^ ' Ainple Sanitary accommodation i6 provided, to meet thb requirements ofthe Board of Health. The new. gallery is a,handsome additiori to the churoh. it proxies atriple space far a lar&e; choir and OfgariJ being 88ft; long b^ 16ft. in depth.. 'The etaits are fireproof. Thp churoh itself... has bpen. oploqred^ana, decorated throughout, and the portion tem porarily used for Bohool purposes has bael permanently ^ "opened - to the voagnjgk∨ thus giving an additional space, whioh mi fierioUsly required.,.;.The .total pogt of. ;Jjl new school and aallflry and (be improvemenfa Vthe churoli is"'abbuf^ilfi&.'m^cW- tects are Hesars. Reed, Sraart, arid Tappin and — the nontractor Mr. Broderick. The furnishing of the church has beeri added to • L handsome cpdar Gothic pulpit, madebv J.Culrtin. ' .::•> ,T ' 