DRESS OF THE DAY. A new model for an evening cloak (a writer on " Dress for the New Year," in the Standard, says) is of rich grey and black brocaded satin, with a large w ide rolar, with boa, and fronts of black Thibet lamb or astrachan, the softer, looser wool having the Iest appearance. This cloak is fur-lined, and reaches down to the feet, covering the gown. A shorter half length opera cloak, of white brocaded relvet, lined with golden-brown ratin, has the upright collar, and fronts of the new Visor fur, which tnuch resembles omarten-tail, and is becoming very fashionable for lti:ntlng purposes, for which its anwers rcry well. CoUlrorTABf.1 EVr Y COLLa.rT11E. A collortto of wtilo Thibet iamb for makes a charmiog addition to evening dress, and will be found cosi!y warm and comfortablle. A mixture of colors foroms the most striking features in the lteA l'Parisian creations in millinery. Either the Ilom..re are of different colours, or tho rosettes of ribbt of dthilre:; colours. Thus, in ono model, peach colour, vert d'call. anl ro-e do Chinc are the colours luied f,,r the na:rrow Eatin ribbon roettes: in another, blue, p:t.;,and grey. Feather crowns, lined, of courie, are another feature; black ostrich feathere ovir leiotrupe v~het, wide strings of this colour cliii f tan IIth Ibck, and the raised briar lined wi:h thie lveitc drtlan in full pleats, the tips of the ..iberos failing over and forming an ed;int to thu (riotn ouer the forehead. Another ;mmtt it a orst of beef-cater shaped mats in dark bluhe elusct, ai!h pled pink and greyish green rn-ltte! f fr.tiyd out silk, the strinos being of the rul tI. A whirte terry el et bonnet, with white _-trich feather cotnn. wa; charming. In this, the reliet was full ii idi tile front of the brim, and a diamond butterfiy vet ad:rned the folds to the left side. A etrijprd white iel.t lIonnet wal studded over on the left side with sinarkling. jet butterflies, the wide silk strings, cut on the cross, fastened by the sacte orraioents. Illick sati lnhts, in quite a new shapet,are fahioun'ble. They have brioms lifted on one side, nod are simply trimmted with either blacke or coloured oatrich feathers- on the crown. One of the smatrtest, ant, at the same timne,cosiest, of drivirg coats is made of fine salslkin, and his a deep roll collar, which can either be turned up to protect. the back of the neck and care, or turned down, lshoing tih scarf. This ooat is cut double breadted, ftrstcning with largo tortoise-shell buttons, with loose, straight back, and long, straight sleeves, set in railer high and full on the shoulders. Its loose lit tiakes it ver ctomtfortable to drive in, and yet does mOt i:lerfere weith its style. For a wrap wont Oier the habit nhlen drhsinu to cover it is most eotifriniet. The tmtu shipr in a set, thick, rough fawn cloth, writh roll collr of beaver lined with squirrel or ciilo turnm Imlteri;l, i", of corse, less eipesibie, noel answers, thie ioe purpoie; the buttlons for this would be[ either of thoe tlatching the cloth, or pearl. Tlhee are only thrc-quatter length coats. I ,iut'lt ASt1:1lUA% rAtnrr. Higth collar and shoulders maintain their popelritr, and fur i Ickets and c!lo s::re iade much in this fa-hion. We lresent a sktch fruon a Regent stret lshop winow of a se';ionLle a[lt starma antrachan three-ln:rttr jacket. ldxlices for breed gowns are (lt?1y., '. 1,;i Joe rn .' eay.s?? comp: r tvivsly ptlin in 1a:,,. ?,nu - times tight-littin; in .Se'wmk.et form, toventirco with a dep tab?ed hlecle, whnie th,.ie ipiiot to show a wailst of anothtver tluterial are xatreme.l smart, For hmo o tounts greatr scoe is allowevd, and these bodices are in umY ra es 5it the cur.-let make, with the upper l'nt full. \\\'heeir two materi:ls are emploed, or there thc miter?ial is to betrimmerd with pas·rementhri'. c, et, or fur, the coracdlet bodice is in high fasinr. A.5on. the irettV belts shown this senent is the S?is slipe in r elct, headed and jewelled neet el bbranIely, aned finisited with a deep beaded fringe. The long Newnarket jacket is very servicel, k, in cold weather: one o! theenre t models is in tw ted in brown and blue chleck, the bloue eing very fhint. This is lined with a oft woaollr material, it is loose in the back, fitting in very slightly ti+ the teaist,with one pleat and buttsens on the tIck seams. The collar it a deep roll, the elemva indoe with deep curts. . ,,ft hat of the same material, with wing feathers, looks well worn with it, W?rsen take Iurt in the discuesions if \WiC'nsin?i farmers' clubr. l?e editor of the Part Phin 1,i"cr has lii' 'tice and register connected by telephoni,. Yesterdarv Mr, Skidd, of Little Falls, an old friend, talled s on the editor and erpected to remain for dinnr. The editor hurried to the telephone and shouted to his wife: " Mr. Skidt will be up with me to dinner, lay an entra plate." Now," said the editor," Mr. Skidd, you may converIs with her. As the gentleman was about to approach the instrument these words were plaiuly heard: "You tell lMr. Skidd we doent keep a hotel on wash-day.' Mr. Skidd excused hitm self for a few momentts, and was next sr cn eating fried clhts in the Rainbow tcloon on the corner. 'ai following verdict ras given in writing by the foreman of a coroner's jurr in Nebrasla: "We are of A Pinion that the Decest met with hir death from Violant llnesnation in the Arm prdust from som Nhuan Cause," Tia speaker is a tall, inarement.faced woman cu inrgmany bundles, and accompanied by a poodle do and a little man, who lookls nhappy enough to isp her husband. She appears at the door of a smok ing carriage. "Quite full, matdm," says one of the occupants. " No, sir, there is room for one, and I and imy husband will sit in it." She tniffs, and exclaims, iercely, "James, it is a smoking carriage." "Yes, my lore," replies the husband, humbly. "I won't jo in there." "Madam," says the solemn gentleman, rising in his seat," one moment: we will express our regrets; omy brothers, three cheers, subdued cheers, please, so ssnot to shock the lady's nerves." They cheered, and she slammned the door. Scrses Cox made rather a good point on Judge Kelley, of I'ennsylvania, when hecalled him the "per= turbed ghost of pig-iron." Judge Kelley received the b ib ~t u - tos m lbag owr No rMsIa1esMrr mn fe.aea Idoh. fwlo at ' isOUlei fe El sea Bittses." We despiee a man Pes l Booi array we a chane of tatLing monej, sdI iu to us.- - loV fltes 