[CONTINUED FROM SATURDAYS ISSUE. v ' [ALtkloais 1LESER.VED.-] .' NADA THE LILY: BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copyright, 1891, By H. riofia Haggard , aHAPXER XIVr- - —: T&e; Wolf-brethren. Now, my father, on the morrow night,onca again Umslopogaas and Galaz'ntho 'Wolf sat by the fire in the moutlrof thoir cave, as we sit to-night, my father, and Galafti took up his tale. 'I passed on' till I cAiile to 'the 'river ; it was still full) but the water had run down' a little, so that my feet found foothold. I waded into the river, using the Watcher as a staff, and the stream reached to-my elbows) but: no higher. Now, one on' tho farther bank of the river saw that which sat upon my shoulders, and sew also the wolf's skin on my lie.i3> and ran to the kraal • crying, ' Here comes one who walks the waters on the back of a wolf.' So it came about that as I drew towards the' lcra.-.l alt tile people ;o'£. the kraal were gathered, together to meet me, except the old Woman, who could not walk so far. But when tbey saw me; coming up the slope of the hill, and when they saw what it was that sat upon my shoulders,they were smitten with fear.. Yet they did not run, because of their great wonder, only they walked backwards beforo me, clinging each to each and speaking no word. And I too came on silently, till r-.t Eength I reached the kraal, and bsfert its gates sat the old woman basking in the sun of the afternoon. Presently she looked up and cried, ' What nils you, people of my house, that you walk backwards like men bewitched, and . who is that tall and deathly man who comes toward you V _ . . ., 'But still they drew on backwards, saying no word, the little children clinging -to the women, the women clinging to' the lnen-, till they had passed tho old wife .anil ranged themselves behind her liWo a regiment of soldiers. Then thuiy halted against the fence of the kraal. But I came on, to the old woman, Und lifted him who,sat upon my shoilldel", and placed, liim on the ground before hor, saying, ' Woman, here your son; I have snatched hiui with much toil from the jaws of the ghosts—and they are many up yondet—all save one foot, which I could not find. Take him now and bury hiiu, for I weary of his fellowship.' ' She looked upon that which sat before her. She put out Iter withered. l-.rtnd and drew the bandage from his sunken eyes. Then she screamed a'.olld a shrill scream,and, flinging he? amis about the neck of that dead one, she Cried: ' It is my son,whom I boi;e —my very son, whom for twice ten years and half a ten I have not looked upon. Greeting; my son, greeting ' Now shalt thou find burial, and,I with thee—(>}*,.. I With thee !' And once more she Ctied aloud, ■ and stood upon h<;r feet with arms outstretched. Then of a sudlen a foam burst from her lips, and she fell forward upon the body of her son, and was dead. , ^ , 'Now once more a silence came upon the place, for all were fearful. At last cue cried t ' How is this nwti named why Itss vroU tho body From the ghosts »' ~ 's £ am named Galazi,' I answered. ' ' Najy Saul he'.. 'The 'Wolf are you named. Look at the red wolf's hide upon his I head!' ! ' 'I am named G.da-,i, and the V?olf you have named me,' I Mid Again. ' So be it; I am named Gala«i the Wolf.' ' 'Methinks he is a wolf,' said he.: Look', now, at his teeth, how they grin ! This is no man, my brothers, but a wolf.' •' ' No wolf and.no man,' said another, | 'buta wizard. None but a wi?,p.nl could have passed the forest and won the lap of her 1 who sits in stone for ever.' . ! ' ' Yes, yes !' he is a wolf—he is & wizard!' they sere lined. ' Slay hint-!. Slay the wolf wizard before he brings the ghosts'upori us !' and they ran towards me with uplifted spears. • I am a wolf indeed,' I oriod, ' and I am a wiz»rd indeed, and T will bring"wolves and ghosts upon you ore all ls-d.jriej' and I turned and fle.l so swiftly that soon they were left behind me. Now, as I ran I met A fi'rh a basket of mealies was on her h\5ftd,rahVi in her hand she bore a dead 'kid. 1 rushed atOibr howiing like a Wolf; and Ir snatched tho'; mealies from her head and tho kid from, her hand. Then I fled on, and earning to tho river, I crossed it, and for that night I hid my self in the rocks beyond, eating of the mealies and of the flesh of the kid. ' : ' Ou the morrow Ut dawn T rosoa-.id.sliook ■ the dew from the red Wolf- hide.' Tlicii t we.rit; on into the forest add howled like A- Wolf.; They heard me, the ghost=woH-v!S; and howled s in answer from farahd near. Then I heard the; pattering of thsiv feet, and they came round riie'by'tcris and by twenties,and fawned upon: mc. . I counted their number; they num bered. three hundred and sixty and three; ^ ■ ■ ' Afterwards, I went oil to the c? Ve-, tai'tll' have lived here in the cavej Umslopogaas, for' nigh upon twelve iiiOons, and I have | become ft'wolf-mali. For with tho wolves I huntand raven, and they know me,and what I bid them they do. Stay, Umslopogaas, now you are strong again, and, if your courage does not fail you. ycu shall see this very night. Come now, have you ■ theileart, Umslopogaas V ' . T Then Umslopogaas rose and laughed.aloud. 'I am young in ytiars,' < he cried," • arid scarcely come to the fuli strengtK of -men; yet hitherto I have not turned ..my back on lion or witch, on wolf or man. ' Now let us see this impi of yours—this impi black and grey,'that runs on four legs yith ' fangs for spears "" '. , V '' iTou must firstbind on the she-wolf's hide, Umslopogaas,' quoth Galazi, ' else, before a man could count his' fingers twice there would bo little enough left of you. Bind it on about the neck and beneath the arms, and see that the fastenings do not .burst, lest it be the worst for you.' So Umslopogaas took the grey wolf's'hide and bound it on with thongs of leather, and its teeth gleamed upon its head, airid he took a spear in his hand. Galazi also bound on the hide ()£ the king of the wolves, and they went out on to the space , before tho cave. Galazi stood there awhile, and the moonlight fell upon him, and Umslopogaas saw that his face grew wild and boastlike, that his eyes shone, arid his teeth grinned beneath his~ curling lips. He ■ lifted up his head and howled out uppn the night. Thrice Galazi lifted his head and thrice he howled loudly, and j-et more loud. But before'ever the echoes died upon the air, from the heights of the rocks above' and the depths'of the ' forest beneath, from the east and tbe' west, from the north and the south, there, came howlings in {inswer. Nearer they grew and nearer; now there was a sound;of feet, and a :wolf, great and greyf bounded towards them, and after hiic many another. They came to ;Galazi, they sprang up in him, fawning round him, buthebeat them down wiLh the I Watcher.' Then of a sudden they saw Um 'slopogaas, and rushed at him open-uio.uthed, . ' Stand and do not _ move !'cried Galazi. Be not afraid !' ... ... ; r'Ihave ever fondled.dogSj'^answered Um • slopogaas, 'shall I learti to fear.them nowV •Yet, though lie spoke boldly, in his hearfc he was afraid, for this was •, the most terrible of all sights. The wolves rushed on him operi-moutlied from before and from behind po that in a breadth he was well nigh hidden by their forms. Yet no fang pierced him, for as they leaped . tliey smelt the sir.ell of the skin upon him, and dropped down at his feet fawning and licking him... Then Dm flopogaas saw that the wolves leaped at him ho more, but the she- wolves gathered round him who wove the she-wolf's skin. They jvere great and gaunt and hungry, all were full-grown, there were no little ones, and their number was so mauy that lie could not count them in tho moonlight. Umslopogaas looking on their red eyes, felt his heart be come as tho heart of a wolf, and he, too, lifted up his head and howled, and the she wolves howled in answer. 'The pack is gathered;now for the hunt!* cried Galazi. ' Make your feet swift, my brothor, for we shall journey far to-night. Ho, i'lackfaiig ! Ho, Greysnoufc ! Ho, my people black and groy, a-.vay ! away !' lie spoke and bounded forward, and with him went Unisiopogaas, anil after them streamed the ghost-wolves. They fled down the mountain sides, leaping from boulder to boulder like bucks. Presently they stood by a kloof that was thick with wood. Galazi stopped, holding up tho Watcher, and with him stopped the wolves. ' I smell a quarry,1 he cried; ' in, my people, in!' Then the wolves plunged silently into the great kloof, but Galazi and Umslopogaas drew to tho foot of it and waited. Presently there came a sound of breaking boughs, and ]o, before them stood a buffalo, a bull who lov/eved fiorcoly and sniffed thu air. ' T his one will give us a good chase, my brother; _gco, ho is gaunt and thin! All! i that meat.is tender which my people have hunted1 to thoMehth)' •'A.b GnlnKi apokc, the first of the. Wolves drew from the covert and sr.SV tho buffalo ; then, giving tongue, they sprang towards it. The bull saw also, mid dashed down the hill, and after liim came Onlazi and Umslopogaas, and with them all their company, and the rocks shook with tho music of their hunting. They rushed down the mountain side; nnd this Came into the heart of Utoslopogaas, that he, too, was -a wolf. They rushed madly, yet his feSfc were swift as the swiftest; 110 wolf could outstrip liim, and in him was but one desire—the desire of prey. Now they neared the borders of the forest> and Galnzi shouted. He shouted to Gi'eysnout and to Bl.ickfangj tn filood 'and to Deathgnp, nlid these four leaped forward ftotil the pack, running so swiftly that fheir bellies'seemed to touch the ground'. They passed about the bull, turning him from tho forest and setting-his head up the sloj:;e of the mountain.'' Then thc'chSSe Wheeled, the bull leaped arid 'bounded up' the mountiin n'.d$j aud on one flank. lay. Groysnqut and Deathgrip and on the 'other lay Blobd and Elackfang, while behind came tho wolf brethren, and after them the wolves with lolling tongues. Up the hill they spedt but the feet of Umslopogaas'never wearied; liis breath did not fail him. OaC'o ItioVe tliky drew near the lap of Hie ttrey Witch, where the" c&g; On rushed'the bull,'mad with f&Vr.; He rushed so swiftly that, tho wolves were left behind, since here for a space the ground was'leVil to' his feet. '' Galazi looked on' Umslopbgtia's at his side,' and grinne!.' '" ' You do not run so ill, my brother, who have been sicfc oflate. See now if you' can outrun me ! AYI10' shall' touch the quarr-V first 1' ■ " ■ - ,;s : •' . ?*ow the bull \vas tf.h'e'AcI by- two spear throws. ^ Umslojiogrias looked and . grinned back at XJiualsi. ' Good !' ho cried,*- 1 away !' lhay sped forward with a bound, and for a while it seemed to Umslopogaas as though they stood side by side, only the bull grew nearer and nearer. Then ho, put out his strength and tlie swifttoJii&i; 'his feet, aiid '? I he ltfblcea aj»ain,.he was.alone, and the bull was very near. -Never wero feet so swift as those of Umslopogaas. Now'he reached the bull as .ho labored on. Um slopogaas' place'd his hands upon th'11 bidt of the bull and leaped '; lie wa? uli' liiWV, lie sat. him as yoii. white ffleii sit a.horse., Then ho'l'ttsd. ine.jpcAt ill his haind/.and drove it doivti between the shoulders to the spine, and of !i sudden,the great, buffalo staggered, stopped, arid fell dead. . . ' j Then Galay.i came up.. .' Who now is tl)c swiftest, tGalozi,' criedi .Ujiialdpogaas, 'I, or you, or .your jVulf host IV • ' \oU. n^e the swiftest, Umslopogaas,' said G'ala^l,■ gasping for breath. ' Never ;diil a man run as you .ran, nor;ever shall again.' f 1 :Noir the wolves.came up "and would have toriiithe carcase, but Galazi beat them back, and they rested awhile. Then - Galaai said, ' Let us cut moat fvom the bulljyith a S'jtert'r.' St) they, cut MeAn fj\jni \\-ho oull, and when they had firtisRed i Galazi motioned to the wolVeis. iitii they fell upon the carca-se fighting furiously. In a little while nothing was left except tha larger bones, '-and yet! each? wolf had but a little.- :: - \- Then they went tnick to the cave and slept, ... ; ..iUCfetwards Umslopogaas totd Galn'zi all his tale, and Galazi tskcid him if he would abide with him and be his brother, iitid .'rule with hun-,over- the.-wolf-kind; -or -Beek his fathei Wopo at tho kraal of Cliaka, but he thought on JNada day rind^nishK: - 3 ; 'Where, thetn is Kadj; your sister V Asked ! Gftfaei. I l Sho biftiea in the . eaVes 6'f Miir people1, Galazi v ;she-l;aVi?e'B "frith "the Hal.kazi.' I ^ u'"'e' Unidlbpogaas,'cried Galazi; sUy till we are men indeed. Then we nil) seek this sister of yours and snatch her from , the caves of the ^Halakazi.' ■' Nov, the desire, of this wolf-life Had entered into (he heart1 of UmslopogaSts-, ab'd ! lie said that lt'nhould be som'nd i}il" the liior row thev-lnftde thelii IMopdMjfetllren,' to be Olie till tt'e.ilh; o'efore !U1 the companv of the ghoSt.AV.ilVeir, and the w<'4ves-:hoWled: when of men.' In,all. things thenceforth' these two were equal, and tlie ghost-wolves hearkened to tho voice of both of them. And on many a moonlight ninht| they and tho( wolves hunted, together* ui)) nmg their food. > 'M. Eiuies 'grossed t!ie! ryor, Uuntiii-j* in tho ulains, and. the. iieople ot_ tlio kraal voLild "cmne "(j^t heading the j mighty howling ail^ ^tieb the pack swet-pi' acr^-. tl,e plaiiis;' And with them «"in.»u ori men. W.en tjujj; would s.\y, that .tlio ghoKtsi Wtire abroad and creep iiito'the'irhuts shiver-; ing with fear. But: as yet tho wolf-brethren j and their pack killed r»o men, but'name only, i jfciuiefi, eh phaofs and lions. - t'i \Ncw When.Unislopb^as/'liad. ibocl'e some; moons iu the^Vijfccli^liiduhtain, oii a night he : dreaMed 'of Kada, and awakening soft at heart, bethought liim 'th'atTlie"would'learn tidings concerning me, his Fatlier, Mopo,;and befallen her whom he,.deemed his j mother, and Ifada,. his sister, and his other ' brethren. So he dressed himself,. hiding his nakedness, and leaving GnWi, descended to that kraal whore the yW womaii had dwelt, at-' t'tBre ^ve it out. thafe' he was a young ! riiilnj a chief's son from a far place, who i sought a.. wife., ..The.; people , of tho kraal I listened to him, though they held that his look was 'fierce'and wild, and ,one asked if tln.s wor? Galnzi.the.'Wplf, Galazi the Wizard. But another, answered- that this was nut j Galazi, for their, eyes had seen him.. - Um slopbg.-las said that he know nothing of Ga- i lazi, and little of wolves, and lo 1' .while he spoke there cajiie An, inijii lof-My men. and entered the kraal. Umslopogaas looked at 1 ! the leaders of the impi nnd knew them for cap- j tains of Chaka. At first lie would have spoken I to them, but his Ehlose bade hiin hold his peace: So. he sat iu a corner of the big hut and listened. . Presently the headman of the kraal, who was trembling with fear, for he believed that tho impi had been sent to des , troydiim and all that w.is :his', aiked of the: ,captaip'what was his will. ... ....'■ A little .matter, and a (va'in,f said, the captain. 'Wo .ire sent by the king fco.search for a certaiiiyouth, Umslopogaas, the 3on of flfopo, ^he king s doctor.' Mopo gave ifc 1 out that the youth Tvas., slain.,by a. lion near these mountains, and Chaka would learn if this is .true.'-, • ' We, know.nothing of tho- youth,' said .the headman. 'But what would ye of ■him? ' , ,- ; .■■■•>■■ ■ ' Only this,' answered the captain, 'to kill ■him. ; ; 'That is yet to do,' thought Umslopogaas. ' Who is this Mopo V asked the headman. ?An evildoer, whose house the.- king has eaten up—map, woman,'and child,'answered (thecaptain. -r< ,j . . . . " : ••• " ;• CHAPTER XV.: " The Dkatk of tub King's Slavees. When Umslopogaas heard these words his heart was heavy, i and a great anger burned jin his breast, for he" thought that I, .Mopo, was dead, with the rest of his house, arid he loved 'me.' But. he said nothing; only, ^watching till none'were looking, he slipped paat.tho, backs,of. the captains and -won the door of tlie' hut.' Scion ho was clear of the kraal, and running swiftly, crossed the river and came totheGhostMountain. Meanwhile, the captain asked the headman of the kraal jf ho knew anything of such a youth as him for whom they sought. The headman told the captain of Galazi the Wolf, but the oaptairi said that this could not be he, for G.ilazi had dwelt many mouns upon the Ghost Mountain. 'There is anothe? youth,' said the licid man ; ' a stranger, fierce and strong.and tall, with eye3 that shine like spears. He is in the hut now ; he sits yonder in the shadow.' : The captain rose and looked into the shadow, but Umslopogaas was gone. ' Now, this youth is fled,' said the head man, ' arid yet none saw him fly! Perhaps he also is » wizard ! Indeed, I have heard that now there aro two of them upon the Ghost Mountain, and that they hunt there at night.with the g'n03t-wolves, but I do not know if it is true.' ' Now, I am minded to slay you,' said the captain in wrath, ' because you have suffered this youth to oscap3.n»o ' Without doubt it is Umslopogaas, sou of Mopo,' 'It is no fault of mine,' said the headman. ' These young men are wizards, who can pass hither and thither at will. But I say this to you, captain of the king, if you will go on the Ghost Mountain, you must go there alone witli your soldiers, for none in these parts dare to tread upon that mountain.' ' Yet I shall dare to-morrow,' said the captain. ' We grow brave at the kraal of Chaka. There men do not fear spoars or ghosts or wild beasts or magic, but they fear the king's word alone. The sun sets—give us food. To-morrow we will search the mountain.' Thn«, my father, did this raptain speak in his lolly—he who should nevor ecc another auii l>ow Umslopogaas reached the mountain; and when he h.ld.jJiJisetl tlie forest—if'ivhich" lie had learned evory secret \v:iy—the dark ness gathered, and the wolves awoke in 'the darkness and drew near howling. Umslopo gaas howled in answer, and presently that great wolf Deathgrip came to liiin. UiiBlofc-' ogans saw hiiii and willed iiitii by his name, but, behold! fchobrutoNM -n:>fc; FrioV him, and flew,at him, growling. - Then Umslop ogaas remembered that tho she-wolf's skin was not bound- (iboufc liis shoulders, arid therefore it was that- the wolf Deathgrip knew him not. r For tliougluinthe daytime, wheutho, froHWsjept, he might pass to arid fro iVithcut the skin, at night it was not so.: Ho had not brought the f,skinV because he must not wear it in the sight of-the moil of the kraal, lest they should know him forone. of the wolf-brethren, arid1 it I ad not been his plan to seek the mountain again ,11mt night) but l'atlief Bii tfib foorrow. JSow Uiii slupogaas knew that his thuigfrr ,wns grcltt indeed. He boat back Deathgrip with his kerrie, but othors were behind 'him, .for tile wolves gathered fist. Then he bounded away towards tho cave, and ho \va9 so swift of' foot that thu wolves, eould not catch him, though the.Vpressed him JiHrd;' Hull uiicli tho, oE uilb vjf thtm tore liis moocha: .tfever bfefore did he run so fast, and in the end he' reached the cavoand rolled'the rook to, and as he md so the wolvos dashed themselves against it. Then he ckd-Mii^ltlft the hide or tile she-wolf, and,'pushing,iisjide the stoniv came out. Arid lo ! tho eyaToF tho wolves were opened, and they.knew him for one- 6f' the brethren who ruled over them, and slurik away at Ins bidditig, ■ - • ."•■■■■: - Now,' Umslopogaas sh! Himself down at'tlie mouth of tile ciVve waiting for Galazi. aiid lie rhought. Presently Gah&i; came, and in !a; few words Umalppogaas 'told'Kim'^all his tale.- '■ /, | ' ^?U,-W.ve, r^>' Sreftt"ri8k,; my brotheii'" satd (->alazi. * ' \^TjatnoW'l'\\.;,(\'.'V.'.n f 1 This,' said Umslop'ogBiis; 'these penple of ours are hungry for blood of men; let us feed' theiu full tin the soldiers.of Ohaka, who sit yonder at the kraal seeking' my life. 1 V.ou'^ takevengi'aiiciifor Mono, my father snd all liiy 'brethren >hu'are • dead; rand '/for my mothers,,the.wives <tf M<ipo. What *eav you.?' y . Gahsi' 'laughed *dloiict.:''"*'Thht will' b'o merry, Iny .broth or,' he said. < I weary of hunting beasts, lut us hurit'men to-ni^ht.' ' , T. . sai>l Umslopogaas, nodding. • i'ldng to ]6ok:iipon that'captain as"a!'maid longs for her lover's kiss. But first let us rest and eat; for the nighfc is young I theli briihmt siimmdii cat ihJ[)i;'; .• • ,8b they rested jand ate, and afterwards went out armed, arid "Gah-zi howled to the wolves, and they came in tons andiu twenties till all. were gathered together. i _GatoJ mdv£d : among . thdmi" shaking the "s .'H3, ,snf, ui,<"1 their, haunches, aim followed him1 with their fiery eyes. ' : ',Vy.0,'.?? '.'""t BWUP to-night,-littlo people, he cried, 'but mon, and ye love the ijcsh of men'.';-'0 ' ' V J • Sow all tlie. wolves' howled as though tliey understood. ' Thei( tho p'aclc diuded themi solves as was; (heir custom,, the wolVes Mowing UmslopmrnaS,' the dog-solves follow .lilffcalazi. and'in silence Uiey'niov' swiftly towards the plain... - T* river and - Ji ^ " v "-V xnfiy CAhie to r u ana ^ aii(J ,here, eight spear thiowa away. on tho farther side of the river was the kraal JSow, tho wolf-brethren took counsel together, and Galazi. with tho doe wolve-vwent tu the north gate.-nnd Umslopo gaus w,thtl,o8 ,o.woLm t0-. tire s'tftitli- gatei Tliey, UUie thete safely and ill silence, for at 'k?. ..Mdmg .the brethren the wolves ceased from their bowlings. Tho gates were 'r'?®' -ut 'lle brethren,pulled jfi is f<ft''.r,n-s a*"? a JPiW-sage.' ;As they did this it chanced ,that cortain dogS i„ the Itraal heaj;d the sound of the stirred'boughs aud,,awakening, caught' the smelp of°tiie wolves that were with Umslopogaas, for the .wind blew from,that quart**,, Xhc dogs rmi out barkingvand pi-esentiy they came to the snutii gate of the kraal;.and flew at tlui'slopo-' gaas, who pulled away the thorns. Now, when the wokesftiw the dogs thfey, could be restrained.no, longer, . but- sprang on. them1 and toreitliem. tofragments, and the sound oE tholr worrying camo^to the ears of the' soldiers of phjika and=pf the dwellers in , the kraal, aq tW thoy sprang froni sleep,: snatching their ai'ms: And as tliey came out! dt the huts they saw in the .moonlight a man! wearing a wolf's liide rushiiiir^agj-oss ,the| empty cattle krail, for the, grass was : ibngi) and the cattle were,out; at; graze,, and. with; him couiilloss wolves, black and grey. Then! they.cned nlwid - in terror, > saying that the!! ghosts were on them, and turned to (loo toil the north ^ato of tho,.kraal. - But, behold ' i hero also tliey .met- a man. clad in a wolf's' ■skin.only, and .wii.h him countless ■ wolves. ' black and grey. ■ Now somo; flung themselves j -to earth screaming in their fear,, and some strove to run away, but the greater par,t of' the. soldiars - Rnd with, them some ,of the men of the.:kra»J, -,eamei together, in knots beingminded to, die like'men teeth of the ' Rliosts, and th«t. though they shook with fear. 1 hen-Umslopogaas howled aloud, and howled Galazi, n,iifl;i.hey«flung;.;the'mselves upon tho soldiers aud the,people of the kraal, and with them .cams the wolves. Then a-crying anS a baying rose up to heaven as the grey wolves i leaped and bit and tore... : Little,they heedcrl the spears and kerriesTof. the soldiers. Some were, killed, but the.reat.did not'stay.... Pre: sently the knots of men broke , up, and'. to I each man wolves hung by twos and -threes, dragging him to .earth. JSome. fe«t' £ej„ ;iu aeed, but the .wolves^huiited them by : gaze ' and £cent, and pulled them down before <thev I passed the gates of:the kmal. Soon all we'ro' I down, and there was' nothing - to bo ,hdar(l: but^the noise of worrying and of the dreadful dcathofmen. ... . , Tho wolf-brethren alwv ravened with tho' rest. ■ ^ Busy wis 'tho' Watcher, and many bowed beileath him, and often tlie spear of, Umslopogaas flashed in the moonlight. It was finished; none -were left .living in that kraal and the _ wolves growled sullbnly as they took their1 fill, they who had been • hungry for many dayg. Kow, the brethren met, and laughed in their wo!f joy, beoiuae they-had slaughtered those who were sent | out to slaughter. They called fo the wolves, | bidding them -search the huts, arid tho wdves; entered the, huts 'as dogs enter a thicket, and killed those who lurked there or drove them forth to'be slain-without I lesontly, a man, great arid tall,' spraiitr from the; last of the huts/ - where he' hAd hidden himself, and the wolves, outside' rushed on him'to drag him down. But Um slopogaas beat them back, for he had seen the face of the man: It was that captain whom Ch.ika had sent out to kill him. He beat them back, and stalked up to the cap tain, saying: ' Greeting to you, captain of the king . Ivow tell us what is vour errand ;here, beneath the shadow of lier who sits in atone V and he pointed 1 with his spear to the grey Witch on the Ghost Mountain, on which the moon shone bright. Now, the cnptain had a great heart, though he had hidden from tho wolves, and answered boldly—' ' 'What is that-to you, wizard 1 Your ghost-wolves have made an end of my errand. Let them make an end of me also.' 'Be not in haste, captain,' said Umslopo gaas. ' Say, did you not seek a certain youth, the son of Mopo V ' That is so,' answered the captain. 'I sought, one youth, and I have found many evil spirits,' and lie looked at the wolves tearing their prey and shuddered. . 'Say, captain,' quoth Umslopoga-is, draw ing back his liood of wolfs hide, so that the moonlight fell upon Lis face, '.is this the face of that youth whom you sought V ' It is the face,' answered the captain, as tonished. ' Ay,' lauglved Umslopogaas, ' It ia the face. Fool! I know your erraud and heard your words, and thus h-ive I answered them,' and he pointed to the dead. Now, choose, and swiftly. Will you run for your life agaia't my wolves ? Will you do battle for your life against these four ?' and he pointed to Greysnout and to Blackfang, to Blood and to Deathgrip, who watched him with slavering lips; 'or will you stand faco to face with me, and if I am slain, with him who bears tho club, and with whom I rule this people black and grey T ' I fear ghosts, but of men I have no fear, though they ba wizards,' answered the cap tain. ' Good,' cried Uinslopogaas, shaking his spear ! . Then they rushed together, and that fray was fierce. For prefently the spear of Um slopogaas was broken in tho shield of the captain and lie was left weaponless. Now, Umsli>pogaas turned and lied swiftly, bound ing over the dead and the wolves who preyed upon them, and the captain followed with uplifted spear, find mocked him as lie came. C-ialazi also' wondered that Uuirlopogaas should fly from a single man. Hither and ihitlier fled Umalopogaas, and always his syos were on the earth. Of a suddeu, Uulazi who , watbiied. saw llim srieep- for \vardiiko a bird and •. stoop id die ground-: riien'he wheeled round, aud io! in his hand thero,W(is aii • nxe.: The ctiptain' ruslied;-At liim, and UnUlopoghas smote as ho rushed, iiqd .the ,bl«de of the. grbnt spear tliKfc" was lifted to pierco him fell to the ground hewn from its'haft. - Again Umslopognas smote; thbmopn-shaped axe sank through the stout shield deep into the breast beyond. Then the.captain threw up his arms and sank to the earth, 1 Ah !' cried Ulrtslopogftas, Joti sought a youth to slay him, and havo found an axe to be slain by it! Sleep softly, captain of Chrtka.' ' Then TJmslopogaas spoke to" Galazi,saying: ' My brother, I will fight no more with the spear, but with tlio axo alone; it was to seek an axe that I ran to and fro like1 n on Ward. Biit.Ulis is a jlobV > thihg ! fSeo, the lirtft is split bewiuso bf'the'greathess of my stroke. Now,this is my desire—to win tliat great axe of Jikizi, which is called Groan-Maket, of which we have heard toll, so that use and club may stand together in the fray.' '•That nliist bo fdf pnothet night;' s,il(l Qalaiiij We hare hot dotifi so ill for once. l\6w, let us search for pots and-corn, of which we stand in need, and then to the mountain before dawn finds us.' . Thus, then, did the nolf brethren bring death on the impi of Chaka, and .this was but. the first of mauy deaths- that they, wrought wttii the help of the wolves.' S'or. ever thuy^jivened through the lfiiid ftt night, and|' : falling till thotib ,'jney lifttl'd; ;'they ate' thuni Up^tilT Iheif ilaUlii iiljd tlili HiilliB t)f tlie; glibs t-Wiilves became terrible in' the ears of, men, aiid the land was swept clean. But they fpund that the wolvbs would not go. abroad to worry everywhere! 'Tlius,'. on a certain nightj they get out' .to fiill,upon the kraals .of the people of the Axe, .whore dwelt tlie chief Jikiza, who wsb; named the Un-: c'diiqu(ired,' and 'owned tlie aie Groiiti-Maker, .but.A'hdri; UCaredtiVe' ktSiil 'the' Solves '.turned back aiid 'fled. |'' Than Galazi' remem bered that dream which he had dreamed, ii) whhich the Dead One inthe cnvc had seemed t<i speak, telling him'thul there, only where the men-ealers had hunted in tlfo past might the.-wolven hunt to-day.: So; they returned again, but" (Jmslopogails set himsilf to firid a plan to win'fche'nxe.' - j (To be ConliniKil.) 