inBYBNTFUL NIGHT, OR THE CAPTAIN'S PERIL CHAPTER II (Continued). Captain Golngcnt was no coward, but, standing there, in the room of that ionely inn, with the knowledge that a murdered corpse lay beneath the bed, and lio, too, might soon be attacked, he felt his nerves quiver with excitement. The light had fallen on the side of ,!.„ ilnnvc. and he saw there a line descending perpendicularly along the waj| to the ground. The paper that covered it was of an intricate pattern, and it was at this spot shaded by the ample drapery of the bed. He ap proached closer, and the light fell on t)e wall. I'0 saw then that the per pendicular line which had attracted his attention formed one side of a well- defined doorway cunningly matched into the pattern of tho paper. He touched it and it shook slightly, bnt it was securely fastened on the outside. Ue stopped with an involuntary gasp. What was the meaning of a door so artfully contrived and in so strange a position ? He guessed clearly enough. The other door, with its obtrnsive fastenings, was but a device to delude the occupant of the room into fancied security. At any moment, and probably without any previous warning, the Fnnrnt /lunf H11 fit fc fltlfiTl. find lift WOllId then be at the mercy of treacherous assassins. He saw with dismay that he was canght like a mouse in a trap. What could he do 1 lie stood and thought. "With futile regret he remembered his faithful dog slmt up in the stable outside, and de plored the easy confidence with which lie' had consented to their separation. C:csar was no mean antagonist, and, had the gallant animal been beside him, lie might have kept the ruffians at bay. But now tho odds against him were heavy. Suddenly an idea flashed across his mind. It was horrible and daugcrous, but he thought it might possibly succeed, and there was not much time for deliberation, for the peril was pros ing. Therefore he proceeded hurriedly to carry ont the ghastly plan that sug gested it-self. He drew forth the bale of carpeting from under the bed, and with hasty hand unwound the lifeless body from the dusty folds. It bad been partly stripped, and a deep red stain on the left side of the under-clothing showed that death laid resulted from a stab surely aimed at the heart. He lifted the body carefully on to the bed, closed the glassy eyes, and laid the dead man down in an attitude that looked like natural repose ; the left side lay uppermost, and the left arm was thrown over the head, leaving the side defenceless ; then he drew the coverings well tip so as to shade the pal/or of the lifeless face. fie trusted that, when the assassins entered, a3 they certainly would, to serve him as they had done the other, in their guilty hurry they would not think of looking closely at the figure lying in the bed, and that thus the murderous knife would be used upon the dead instead of upon the living. Then he lay down himself under the bed, and drew the folds of the carpet partially over hitn. He had extinguished the candle, his despatches were in his pocket, and he grasped liis pistol, with its solitary bullet, iii readiness for the moment of supreme need, should he be called upon to defend his life to the uttermost. A pause of dreadful expectation ensued It was not the first time that lie, the living man, had lain beside the silent dead. But then he had lain wounded on the battle-field, with the tread of comrades echoing still in the distance, and with the wide pure vault of heaves overhead. Every minute lie passe i in the mnrkv crime-stained chamber in which he was trapped was infinitely more horrible to him, in its awful silence, than all the weary hours he had spent in helpless suffering on the great plains where the brave dead lay so thick around. The house was treacherously still, save when ever and anon a fierce gust of wind shook the crazy window-panes. Ever and anon too the dog in the stable outside uttered an impatient bark or fretful howl, or gave noisier demonstra tion of his wakefulness by springing angrily against the door that kept him a prisoner. At last however the dog too lapsed into silence. Only the watcher under the bed remained vigilantly wakcfnl, all his senses in an awful and unnatural tension, listening intently ist the deep silence of the night. A clock on the landing struck twelve. Its slow halting strokes fell sharply on his ear, sonnding each like a knell to his excited imagination. As the last stroke died away the heavy oppressive silence resumed its sway. Presently there was a faint creaking sound on the worn stairs — stealthy cat like steps approached cautiously ; then there was a pause. The captain's heart gave a great bound, and he listened breathlessly. There was an interval of death-like silence. The person outside was listen ing too. After a while, lie seemed satisfied, and a slight fumbling sonnd was heard, accompanied by the careful turning of a key in a well-oiled lock. There was a low rustle as the paper edges of the secret door parted, and a light streamed in through the aperture. The watcher could not see, but he knew what was passing The assassin was standing on the threshold, and lie had thrown the light of his dark-lantern on to the sleeper in the bed. For an instant lie heiitated, but the carc'ess attitude of the prostrate form em boldened him. " He sleeps sound ! " The whisper rang through the still air like the hiss of a deadly serpent. It was the old man's call to his son to advance and strike the intended victim of their greed. At this critical moment the dog out side awoke, and began to hark furiously, throwing himself with noisy rcitcrated. vehemence against .the. "stable .. door, home instinct of danger to bis master, aroused perhaps by t lie sound of steps moving about or by the passing gleam of « light, had disturbed the trusty creature and made him wildly restless. His roaster heard him, with a a'vange sensation o helplessness, and so did the miscreant intruders. " Curse the dog ! He will wake him !" hissed the other voice. " Don't lose time then ! Strike, you fool — strike! " The brief colloquy took but a moment, but the short delay seemed an age. There was a hurried stride forward, then a dull thud over his head, and a second, and third. The great four-post bed shook and creaked as the heavy blows struck' the lifeless form that lay there, but the cold steel evoked no cry. With a shuddering gasp the murderer drew back from his foul work. " It is well done," said the remorcless Toice of the old man. " He did not make a noise — that one ! " " Ah, see the fine gold watch — that's well worth the trouble ! Bete, do yon tremble ? Bah, lot us fiuish the work at once ! I will carry down this one ; you take the other to the old- well — yon know." It was not over yet then — the actual struggle was all to "come ! Captain Golngent nerved himself for it and, throwing aside the wrappings, waited, for the moment when the valance should be raised to spring up and fire, and then close in deadly, conflict with his as sailant. There was a Utile further delay. The murderer hesitated to comply with the suggestion of his father. He was, how- e\cr, just auotui to lire trie valance in order to draw forth the supposed corpse, when a most unexpected interruption took place. The half-opened door flew back on its liiii.;es. and a panting crea ture bounded in and threw itself with wild fury upon the stooping figure of the assassin. It was Cmsar ! With a furious grip the animal fastened on the outstretched h ind of his miscreant, nearly severing his thumb before he could be dislo <ged. A frightful oath and wild yells of pain r.ing through the chamber, and the man dropped the valance, while the other cmc to his rescue and struck at the dog. With much trouble they con trived to reach the dom. and to slam it hastily between themselves and their formidable adversary, as they retreated terrified and bleeding. The gallant, animal, though bruised and wounded in the fray, fawned with rapturous ioy on his master, who crept forth unscathed from his hiding-place, and who, with that trusty friend beside him, felt comparatively safe from further attack. The pain and rage of the craven fel low found vent in frantic cries, which sounded more like the roar of some wild beast than any linman utterance, and Caisar replied to them with a growl of mingled fury and triumph. .No one came near the chamber during the rest of the night. The wounded man needed all the care of the other, and it was not likely that they would risk another encounter with Cmsar un aided. It seemed therefore iliat there were not any other accomplices uithin call. Subsequent examination of the stable door gave the clue pretty plainly. The hasp that had held the bolt was found on the ground, and the bolt was hang ing useless on the door. The nails that had held the hasp were old and rusty, and must have given way under the re peated shocks given by the dog as 'lie sprang with violence against the door, which was fastened, and liis keen scent would promptly gnidc him to his master's side. At length the gray dawn came creep ing in through the unshuttered windows, and Captain Golngcnt completed his preparations for departure. A distant tinkling made him aware that the world was beginning to stir, and that other linman beings were awake and probably not far off. The cheerful sound of the tinkling bells came nearer, and he found to his satisfaction that it proceeded from the tcani3 of some waggoners, who after a while appeared within sight, and drew tip at tho door of the inn to water their horses. He judge! the moment favourable for his descent. Unlocking the door and holding Ciosar firmly by the collar, he went softly down the front stairs by which he had come up on the previous night, and appeared in the doorway of the parlour. The old man was there alone, having just returned from serving the customers outside. Turning suddenly round, lie found himself confronted by the stranger, whom he believed to be lying dead up-stairs. An ashy hue over spread the hardened face, and terror made liitn drop the glass in his hand. He thought it was the ghost of his victim that stood before him. " Bring me my horse ! " said Captain Golngent, with stern brevity, vouch safing no word of explanation. The man did not wait to be told a second time, and, having fastened the bridle of the horse to a hook by the door, lie slunk away silently. The waggoners looked on curiously as the officer mounted his horse and rode away sternly and silently ; bnt he judged it wisest not to gratify their evident curiosity. He gave information of the ninrder which had been com mitted — and which had so nearly been a double one — at the first police-station which lie passed. A Few hours later the officers of justice arrived on the spot, but they found the house deserted by its owners, and all traces of the recent murder carefully obliterated. It was not till after several years had elapsed that the two miscreants who on this occasion had baffled the pursuit of justice finally suffered the penalty of their crimes. Some other notorious murder was traced to them, and their last confession led to their identification as the former hosts of the ill- famed Waggoners.' A well-merited though tardy retribution brought both father and son to the gallows at last. Captain Golngent returned from his errand in safety, and lived for many vears to enjoy the distinction and rewards of a gallant though chequered career.'-; ; . : NEwWiFR--'To-morrowis your birthday, darling, and. I 'Bin "going to stop at the jeweller's and buy you a, present." Her hubby— "Get something cheap, pet, I haven't paid him for my Christmas present yet." V";. 