My Ghostly Warning. (ByA.T.| :©ear pick,— I am 'delighted to hear ef your safe arrival jnitepli country. I want to see.jKra-aaa-fcear i^ljfliat has happened daring your long sojourn in Sytlney. ' Ctfme to Steepdale and spend. a qniet Christmas for tiie sate of ' Auld Lang Syne.' * ? ?' . ? - : ? ? Tour Old Cbiim, HaKEr Haldeoe. This letter lay before me on the table but two hours after my return to England. I meditated. What is there to keep me in London— no family, no business ties? Why not look up my old friend ? Often had I anticipated the pleasure of renewing in person the acquaintances of my youth, and whose memory to me so treasured as that of Haldeck? Schooldays, the family gathering, Christmas holidays spent together, all came back to one's mind a thou sandfold, enriched and enchanted by time. Aye, why not ? Bag and baggage quickly packed, and I set forth wrapped in furs and rolled in ruga. Soon I was seated in a corner of a first class compartment. A shrill whistle, a wave of the flag, and we are whirling away through the cold and gloom of a winter's afternoon. I shall not soon forget the discomforts of that journey. The keen frost attacked the one prominent feature of my face with cruel pertinacity, but that was the least of my grievances. We had to change at TS ? - and wait tha down mail in a miserable hovel of a station. The constant exami nation of tickets, the opening of carriage doors, and vulgar staring in of people, and then still more vulgar leaving the aforesaid doors' open and the windows down. Long before evening I had bawled myself hoarse with caning to inquire why in the name of conscience we did not proceed ? Two livelong hours had the train been, standing while a dense fog veiled everything, and even penetrated into the carriage. My temper had attained the last stage of desperation, when we at last reached my wayside station, and as if to add insult to in-jury, . and which certainly did not add balm to my already ruffled feelings,- the guard of the train called to the local porters — ' Now lads, help out that old nabob and his baggage who's been kicking up such a row all the way.' A 50 minutes' drive brought me to the entrance of an old-fashioned country mansion. Steep dale's master, my lifelong friend, met me at the door, and gave me a hearty welcome. I found Haldeck the same bright genial fellow I had left him in the fifties. Nature had been kind to him, time had touched him lightly. I could not help thinking it was not so with myself; for, apart from nature and time, I had suffered the ravages brought on by a hot climate and unhealthy sur roundings, as naiaecK rooK my cioaK zrom me and gave orders for .the disposal of my luggage, I heard peals of merry laughter coming across the halL 'How's thisP' said I. 'A quiet Christmas ! Here, stop' — to the coachman — 'put that lug gage on again. I'm off for town.' My friend burst into a fit of laughter. ' NonsenBe, Dick, I shall not hear of it.' 'Why, you've got a house full!' I rejoined, grimly enough. ' How many ?' ' Oh, only a .handful of nephews and nieces,' he replied. ' Let me go, then, to my room.' He expostulated' with me. Nothing, however, would induce me to do otherwise. Haldeck at last consented to my dining quietly upstairs. He escorted me up the broad staircase, and ushered me into a comfortable room. We chatted a while, he laughing with pleasure and rubbing his hands in the old boyish way I so well remembered. His kindness and hospitality touched me deeply. I admired the room he had assigned for my use, he opened a door facing the large chair I was seated in and showed me a dressing-room, which I inspected, and which was at present in gloom. In momentary absence of mind I closed this door and turned the key in the lock, as if to shut out the cold. I begged Haldeck to join his guests. He seemed loth to leave me, but finally de parting he said in a laughing tone — ; ' Though Steepdale is a fairly old house, there is no haunted chamber or ghost here, you will rest quietly Dick. I see you are tired and jaded with your journey, you shall dine comfortably alone.' I thought he was gone, but he had returned to tell me that Master .Reynard had been seen upon the lawn that morning. Then he left me, and I hastened to change my travelling suit for a warm dressing-gown, and throw myself into the cosy chair to the right of the fire. From my position I commanded the whole room, which was large and tastefully furnished; my bedroom door to iny right hand, a casement window behind me, the curtains now closely drawn facing me, the dressing-room door, all brightly illumined by the blazing embers. I had not enjoyed the rest of the easy chair and the warmth of the fire long ere a pleasant sense of comfort came over me. £ sat drawing pictures in my mind of the past, English, and Australian succeeding and alter nating. Though I was Absorbed in mind, and in a sense enjoying a kind of dose,' I was immediately, and intently conscious when my bedroom door was thrown violently open, and a young girl clad in a flowing robe of white rushed in straight towards me, her hands stretched oub beseechingly, her eyes gazing into mine in speech less terror. She paused for a second, then fled past me into the dressing-room. I had arisen from my seat in amazement. Entering the door was a tell man in evening dress. He had a re markably handsome physique, but visible signs of rage distorted his face, and the black brows were knitted together, forming a straight line across his forehead. He strode hurriedly into the cham ber, and without appearing to notice my presence passed through the inner room after the girL I paused not a moment, but rushed to the door of the dresBing-room. It was locked. X turned the key and entered. All was gloom and silence. I hastened to my room for my lamp, and scanned every comer, but saw— simply nothing. The room was empty. I looked out on the corridor, all was still. I then returned to my room in a remarkable state of bewilderment and alarm, and stood before the fire, beads of perspiration on my brow. Should I alarm the house P My hand was on the bell — pshaw — they would think I had been dreaming, and laugh at an old man's fancy. Thoughts of haunted homes, visions from the spiritual world, weird spectres by stagnant streams passed rapidly before me — happily soon dispelled by the entrance of a servant with my dinner. After par taking of the tempting viands spread before me I must confess my feelings were equal to inter viewing a thousand goblins, and I laughed to myself, saying, 'I must have been dreaming, I must have been dreaming.' So I determined to keep my own counsel. The next few days passed pleasantly, enough, the young people helping me to make an old fool of myself many a time in the day. Oh New Year's Eve, as we were sitting over 5 o'clock tea, a yule log blazing on the hearth* a visitor was announced. Our host rose to welcome her and drew her towards the fire. I instantly recognised the intruder of my chamber the night of iny arrival at Steepdale. She was a graceful girl of striking appearance. I soon learnt that she was an Australian on a visit to England, report said an heiress. Well, we spent a joyful Christmas, in fact, all went merry as a marriage bell, Miss Madeline Herne (our lovely Australian coHsin) being the life and soul of the party. _ In vain I watched for the Othello of my story among the numerous guests who came to and from Sceepdale— I never saw him. Ah! how thankful I was to have kept iny secret, indeed; I- had almost persuaded myself I had dosed in that wicked armchair in the dimity room by the fire. But ire shall see, we shall see. CHAPTER H. Six months later I had occasion to meet a gen tleman on business at one of the large hotels in London. 'We lunched together, and sat long dis cussing plans for the disposal of some properties ?which, bad fallen to me in an almost unaccount able' manner — the death of a cousin several tunes removed. It was late in -the afternoon before our business waB concluded, stand ing in the entrance hall for a final word ; carriages passing 'to and fro. A hansom drew up in front of us, occupied by two gentlemen. The first who alighted bowed to my friend, and engaged him for a, few minutes in conversation. As the1 last occupant of jfie vehicle descended from the step, our eyes met, a light seemed to flash. There 'wasthemanl had-watched for in vain six months act-, the handsome features -4;he black eyebrows. He was not in the least ?obneciQUBOi snysoraiany. . s . 'Who tm that?' 'T asked aa my friend re ? ' '? i ?-*?? ;; ' - .-??.?,, .'?]': - ' '.*.'??:?'?'.'..?.- joined me- The two 'had disappeared into the He looked surprised at the question, an& answered— ''???-. !i . ' Mr. Crawford, the barriefcejC;' ;. ' And the other oneP' He looted mor& sur-1 prised. . ? 'Ton should know him— the Honorable Oscar Ferrars.' 41 Why, man, what is the matter P' ' Nothing at all,' I replied testily ; ' but - who and what iB he ?' ' Well, I should think he's a child of fortune. He is on the eve of his marriage with one of the most lovely girls this season, and I hear an heiress.' ' ? ' For God's sake who P' 1 cried, intensely ex cited. 'An Australian, a Miss Herne/' he replied looking at me in amazement. 'No/' I roared. Without another word I left; him, sordid I pause in my haste until' X had' reached my own chambers. Once there X could fume and think of it all to my heart'B content.. Many a time I wished I had remained in Australia. When calmer I wrote a polite invitation to the man who had given me the information, requesting the pleasure of his company at dinner on the follow ing day, also an apology for my strange behavior in leaving him so unceremoniously. A few days after I saw the announcement of the marriage in the leading papers. The following Christmas found me again at Steepdale ; indeed I was there earlier 'than the previous year. Among the many guests who arrived came the Honorable Mr. and Mrs. Ferrars. She was very bright and gay, but eo much paler and slighter than of yore. I used to amuse my self by watching the young people. The rather marked admiration of a young German to Mrs. Ferrars attracted the attention of her husband ; she poor girl was totally unconscious. How could she help it — she was so charming, so simple, and bo lovely. We all knew Ferrars was jealous of his wife, yet proud of her beauty and accomplish ments. I occupied the same apartments as I had done when I paid my first visit to Steepdale. My nerves were entirely unstrung. I would find myself listening and watching until I was perfectly miserable. I was so convinced there was something going to happen that each night after all the household had retired to rest I would sit up to the early hours of the morning. One night I had just made up my mind to go to bed and think no more about it, my candle was burning low, the hands of my watch pointed to a quarter to 2, the Ferrars were in my thoughts, and hardened old villain as I was, I tried to pray tor tne satety ot cnat young girl, i never loefcea my doors now, in fact I would invariably leave them unlatched. Jult as I rose from my seat I heard a faint sound ; instantly iny door was burst open, and Mrs. Ferrars rushed in. She was dressed in the long white dress she had worn at dinner, her hands were stretched toward me, the large eyes filled with a speechless horror. \- Ferrars followed closely, but she gained my dressing-room first. I don't know how it happened, but he was on his back in a moment, straggling and fighting furiously. Fortunately for me he had dropped the knife he carried in the shock and surprise of my seizing him. But his teeth— — Ah! me; I was worried as one dog would worry another. Help was not far away. Madeline's screams, and the terrible noise our straggle made, with re peated cries from my own capacious throat, soon ; bronght the whole household to our assistance. Ferrars was, with some difficulty, pinioned and taken to another apartment, while the servants took charge of him the rest of that miserable: night. ' Mad ? you ask.' Mad, I should tbiafe bo. He was taken as soon as daylight dawned to C— Asylum. Ah ! poor fellow, his was a hopeless case. He never was anything but a raving maniac and died shortly after his entry as a patient. It came out about this time that there was in sanity in the family. Poor Maaehne would un doubtedly have lost her life that fatal night had it not been for your humble servant. Poor child, she nursed me through my illness, for I waB terribly mangled, and it was' many weeks before I could walk down the staircase and f eelthegentle air of spring on my face, and that was only through the permission of a sweet girl by my side upon whom I leaned. My story is told. Laugh those who will. I have been as great a scoffer at the supernatural as any, but it is my firm belief that there is a Providence watching over alL I am convinced the strange experience I had the first Christmas I spent at Steepdale was a warning sent to me that I might be the instrument to prevent a deadly crime. ; '' - 