. UNDER SENTENGE IN NORFOLK ISLAND. AI'THI'.NTM: ItKIOIIIIH. ? ♦♦♦ ? No. 10. IHB 3ITER niXTHfl. tfitzimmons was not troubled again by bis tormcntoiB, the two eonstablos, It did not *:iit Ward's eobemo that they should bo pry ing about tho houeo, and they got a quiet hint fiom one of tho highest officials not to bother tho old hutkeoper any more. During the succeeding dny on which ho paid his visit to tho conviot boatman, Ward was exceedingly busy, lio visited no less than six of the out lying shopliord prisoners, and won uponthom to such nn extent — by tho aid of a glib tongue and tobacco — that thoy each promised to visit Fitznnmons' hut that night, armed with ths password. Il-! oven made arrange ments whereby llendrick found himself at liberty to join tho conspirators, andeompleto the Beorct circle. - Ward bad, in fact, gono to tho command ant, and told him an untruthful story about having discovered tho beginning of n sorious plot, nnd ho named certain convicts con cerned in it. Ho asked — so that matters might bo brought to a crisis— that thcBemen bo allowed as much liberty as possible, in order that they might attend tho rendezvous, and his request was at once granted. The hutkeopers and shepherds wero most ly in a position to movo about at night, al though it was not allowed, but a man belong ing to tbo prison gang liko llendrick was in a different position. As it was necoEsary. that ho should attend the conspirators meet ing', bo was told off as a night patrol amongst that seotion of the forest hutkccpers in whioh Fitzimmons1 dwelling lay. : At eight o'clock on tho night of April tho 4th, IS'17, nine men wero assembled in Fitz immnni.' tint They wero aunviotB llendrick, Moyriok, Fitzimmons, Evans, Iloddon, T.uko, M'Kinley, Carter, and freo boatman Ward. Thoy had reached tho place in n stealthy manner, nnd it wns evident that tho gatbor ing was for no good purpose, Knoli of thorn givo tho hutkooper the password — ?' Wild Tobaoco,' when they came to tho door. With the exception of Moyric't, who had reooived it from Ilendriok after tho latter's interview with Ward, the folons had nil got tho watoh word from the boatmnn. Tlio evening was terribly wild and stoimy. Such a one as when Tam O'Sbnntcr took tho road to Kirk Allowoy in, when — ?' A child that nijilit might understate' Tbo deil had business on his han,' ' Tho comfortless interior of the equalid hut with tho darkness mado viBiblo by a ' dip' tight did not add cheerfulness to tho anxious Und gbomy faces of the occupantB. When tha last man ontercd Kitzimmons secured tho door with a beam of wood, nnd they nil sat around a ricketty table on somo rude benches. Ilondriok was tho first to break tho silence by alluding to tho business which bad brought them together. ' You know, men, why wo havo como hero, 1 suppose,' ho began ; ' wo want to free our selves from misery and cruelty. Wo wero bad enough off a month ago, hut now wo are ? muoli worse. Tho li'tln privileges which mado our hard lot binrahlo hava been with drawn, nnd we nre worse tlinn any ulnvoa on earth. For my pnrt I cannot stand it any longer. It I fnilin obtaining freedom 1 shall lie hanged, of oourss, but that iB hotter than being slowly (logged to dentil, nnd I seo no reason why a general riving should fail.' ' Thoro is not tho slightest doubt of sue coss if everyone pull* together,' broke in Ward. ' if tho plot is properly laid it can not fail, and by striking the blow quickly it will be all tho better, for tho authorities do nut dream of another outbreak so soon after Westwood's llising.' ' Aye, wo must movo with aaution,' said Fitzimmons, ' Westwood'o rovolt was well planned, and yet it did not Buceeod. Wo hava orafty men to doal with, who have power behind thorn, aud it will Ulto n great blow to break it.' ' The January rising wnB a perfcot bungle,' repliod tho bcatinau, warmly. ' Why did I hoy not get tho prisoners nt Longridgo and Oatcado to join them, Tha settlement would bo in their bnnds now if that had been done. 7,t allowed tbo major and aommandant to get I'oinforocmeuts from these places, instead of being obliged to Bond for nHsiatanoo to them. At Lwgridgu thero wnu only twenty eight nun to guard six hundred prisoners. The handful of military there could linvo been I wept away liko ohalT beforo tho wind had tho convicts wished, Tha samo could lmvo beon I1, one by tlio four hundred prisoners at Gas l ade, ond tho thousand men thus liboiated lould havo swept down on the rear of tha fttrraokB at Sydney Bay, and Bnapped up its low defensors. Nothing could havo pro 'cnted it. Loss than two hundred men would liave been hemmed in between two thousand fouporatc conviots, lighting for life and liber ty, aud nothing short of n miraolo could have nvvod the nuthorities. I tell you if a general lising iB arranged at all tha prisons, it muBt fuooeod.' Tho arguments of Ward seemed to havo roneiderablo i-ffeot on his auditors, who list ened to him with breathless interest. At hngth Muyrick said, ' What, would you rugccBt, itir, ns a good plan to adopt ?' ' Fin t of all it will bo necessary to got all the lending and trustworthy conviots on your ti.ii-. Between you all that ought to bo ossily dont!. , You eaoli know somo of tho prisoners who can bo trusted, and chey in turn will know others who will bo faithful. Thus tho plot will wiSen out liko a watery oirolo until 't embraoeB all worth having. Of course, when you get a majority of tho prisoners on your side tho minority will havo to follow, j n the meantimo tho dotailB of tha plan must t'o arranged and conlidod to yourfrionds, who will onrefully Bproad it around. When that il dono— and as soon ns poasiblo nfter, to prevent tho possibility of a waverer turning traitor— a Buitablo oooasion numb bo fixed for tho genpral rising. I think a good plan would bs to tot tiro to, soy thu Oasoado prison, at night. Tho ohief oflioors would hurry thoro from SjdnoyBay and Longridgo stations with all tho available hands thoy could muster, and then tho rising could take ploco at those places. During tho oonfuBion Ej of tho firo at OoBoado most of tho prisoners 0 oould esoapo ond asaomblo in bouio appointed g place. If a small guard wero placed over j|] tha oonviotB to prevent eecape, it would bo a very Bimplo matter ro overpower it, Tho de jg tails could bo arranged beforehand. I am a only giving a general outline of what would bo n gaod plan.' Wnrd spoko this with an oamostnesa that appeared to bo sincere, nnd ae if warming up with tho '.homo, he added,— ' I suppose moot of you will wonder why I, who am a freo man, Hhould suggest such a plot ns tills to you. I'll soon ti ll you, First ly, I am in disgrace, nnd don't ojro how soon 1 leova this place, but' that is not the reason I am risking my lifo to-night. I hnto tho accursed conviot system. In Van Die man's Land I havo two brothers wearing out their lives in penal servitude, nlihough they nre innocent of any orime. They were con victed in Dnblin on tno ovidenco of a rulll in ly informer named O'Milloy, and Bontonced to transportation for lifo. I havo Bworn to rcscuo them, and tor that purpose I managad to get a situation as boatman ot tho priaon of l'ort Arthur in Van Diemnn'oLand. When L wns thero a fow weeks tho superintendent found out by eomu moans who I wns, ond I was at oncosont hero. I havo been dissatis fied over sinoo, ond having Been tho orueltios of tha system I am more than over anxious to releaso my brothers, As I oannot do it by remaining hero, 1 am glad of tbo reinovnl that awaits mo, and tor tho sake of my euffer ing relatives I wiih to assist thoee who aro siinlhuly placed. ' Tho freo boatmnn had a glib tonguo, and wuh doing most ot tliB talk. His last, speech would havo beon ixorllent had it beon true, hut it had. tho trifling drawback of being false from beginning to ond. With tho exoeption nt ono. poraon tbo whole ol hia listeners re 1,'irdcd it as gospel, and hi-gnn to look upon '.Vard ns littlo interior to o saint, a real moa '?Wr of good tidings. When, as if overcome by tlio sympathetic feelings whioh theme ?nirlea of his brothers evoked, ho followed Js'tbo rooiUl with * plug of tobaooo all mum), their gratitude knew no bound*. Al though naturally auspicious, tho convicts were thrown uff their guard nnd completely hoodwinked by the wily informer— all but one, and that was Muyrick. That felon sat regarding tho boatuian with a strange and o.uinous tire in his eyes. Tho focblc light did not permit Ward tor sou his face closely, or ho might linvo taiten nlarm, Tho man seemed to bo evolving old recollections, nnd gradually hiscountenanco became convulsed with passion and his hands Lwitohcd nerv ously. As Ward roso to go. he, with a power ful effort, regained a measure of compos ure. ' Wo will all moot hero tho ovening after to-morrow,' said tho boatman nB ho left them, tho understanding being that each should depart separately. A Btorm was rag ing outsido, and tho freo boutman mado his way towardB the ohief prison, muttering as ho went. 'It's fairly Btarted, but I must got n oouplo of dozen moro in boforo I havo them nabbod.' Whon he had passed tho door of the hut Moyriok went to it, and pcorod out into the darkness after him. lie was soon loBt in tho gloom, but still tho man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit up tha forcBt, and to venled Ward making fcr tho settlement. Then he alosed the door oarofully, and after scouring it walked to tho tableland took hiB former scat. His faoe was rigid and white, so m(ich so that oven tha obtuse conviots noticed it; 'Havo you seen a ghost?' asked Hond rick, that boing supposed to bo tho popular causo of frightening pooplo at night. ' Would to God it was that and nothing moro I had scon,' roplied Moyriok iu a solemn voice. ' I havo seen tho ghost of former daya certainly, but that is not half so fearful as tho reality of tbo present. 1 may na woll toll you, men, that wo aro all lost. Nothing oan savo us.' ' Are wo watched ?'exolaimod the oonvioto starting to thoir feet in affright-- 'How aro wo lost ?' ' I don't think wo aro watohed yet, but I atn eurothat by to-morrow morning tho com .mjindant will knowthnteaoh of us was hero, and ovcrything that passed, with a good deal that never passed.' ' You don't mean to Bay that Mr Ward is a spy, surely !' they OBkcd. 'Ida; ond I can toll you more. II in name iB not Ward at all, but Michael O'Malloy, the infnjnous Dublin informor. Tho story ho told' us about hiB brothers is all false, but it ho had not said it I would probably nover havo reoognieed him, although 1 thought thero wafl something about him familiar to ma. When he mentioned O'Malley I knew him at once, although ho is groatly changed. He is tho most diabolical villain that walks tbo earth to- day, Listen for o fow minutes and I will tell you who our now found friend is that ovon now is woaving tho rope to hang us.' ' In tho beginning of 1810 I was a young man in Dublin with good prospects before mc. I felt liko many anothcrpatriotio Irish man that my country was badly governed, and I longed to seo her independent. I was a hiomber of a alub called ' Erin's Band.' It was an harmless eort of an affair, whoro a number of young fellows mot and kept their patriotism warm by recounting tho doeda and ancient glory ol Ilibcrnia. Towards the end of tho year I mention, ono Miohael Mai ley was admitted a member, and becamo very popular with hia oluh fellows. I saw at onco that ho was a firebrand and took a dislike to him, which ho cordially reciprocated. Day after dny ho insidiously incalculntod tho doo trine of foroo into tho impressionable and Dory young men. Ho almost worked tho socioty into a revolutionary body, and at laet tho orash came. A oontliot with a body of military took placo between them and a number ot tlio club men. I was amongst the latter, and tried hard to provont tho disturb ance. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Malley came out in his true oolorB. Ho was n paid Government informer, and sworo enough to hang us. Nino tenths of his cvidenco waa falao. Acta that he had committed were attributed to me, and tho end was that myeolf and four other members of the alub were sentenced to transportation for life. It transpired during tho trial that O'Malloy had beon an informer for several years, but his last exploit would havo cost him his lifo bad ho not been spouted away by tho authorities. My companions and my solf wero sent to Port Arthur prison, and a fow months after I was transferred bcro. Tho fact of thoso poor men being thoro may hava had something to do with O'Malley's removal to this place, for it was currently reported in Dublin that I had died, and no doubt tha informer aooepted it as true. Yoa will judge by this what sort of a man wo have to doal with. I am Bure ho is in leaguo with tho officials, and this is a ' put up ' job.' Tho deluded conspirators sat and lookod at tho speaker, but for a timo their tonguos wero dumb. At length Hendriok said, — ' I oan Beo wo havo beon led into a trap, but it's not too into yet to get out of it. Ward will bo horo iu a oouplo of nights, and I don't think ho auspcots anything Wo oan deal with him then.' The othor mon said nothing, but ob they loft tho hut and wont out into the darkness of iho raging Etorm, occasionally lit up by tho lurid flashes of lightning, their looks apoko moro oloquontly than words of tho moro nwful storm of paosionate rovongo which waB tosBiug their hearts. Punctual to timo on tha night appointed tho conspirators mot at Fitzimmons' hut again. Wnrd was unusually elated, for ho hod met with muoh bucocbb that day omongst certain of tho conviots, and tho plot was ripon ing faBt. Ho gavo tho aBSsmbled folons an olaboratoplan of tbo various prisons, and de tailed certain points which it would bo neces oary to observe. Ho also informod them that transports wore expootcd in a fortnight's timo, and it would bo necoBBary to carry out tlio conspiracy beforo they camo. It was noarly ten o'olook whon ho left tho plotters, ond tho night was unusually dark. Ho did not go alono, for Moyriok said he would acaompany him a short distaooo to wards hiB own destination. Thoy had not got fifty feet from tho hut when Hendriok, EvanB, nnd Iloddon opened tho door nnd Bilontly followed them into tho sombro for CBt, 'Have you seon Wnrd lately, Daniels?' tlio civil oommandant asked tho major throa days aftor tho ecoondmeoting in Fitzimmon'u hut, as ho mot him in tho outer yard. ' I havo not. Isho miosing?' ' He has not beon seen at his quarters for three days, and that iB Buopicioue. Tho work ho is engaged on is rather hazardous,' said the aommandant. ' I thiuk it would bo advisable to send out a Bcaroh party after him. You havo a good ideo, I suppose, where he might have met with foul play,' roturnod Mujor Da niels, ' Yes. If ho does not appear to day I will have a scaroli tno-lo to morrow.'1 Tho freo boatman did not appear, and a rigid ucaroh was mado iu tho vicinity of Fitz immons' but at first, ond then iu every part ot the island, but without any trace of tho missing man being found. Two days ofter, whilst tho reef gang wero at work in Sydney Bay, an object camo floating towards them, rising and fulling with tho wavoe. A9 it camo oloser it. was discovered to bo iho hidconii body ot o man, which was soaroely identilUblo, as that of William Waters, free boatman, alias Michaol O'Malley, informer. Tho dootor found that tho ckull was trao tured, and the eupposition was that tho man had lirat been struck down, rendered insun tible, and thrown into Sydney Hay. Tho commandant tried hard to Und tbo murder era by offering a freo pardon to any nocom plioo who would inform, but it wob in vain, although hu shrewdly euspeoted who tho murderers were. Years afterwards, when Moyriok was on hio doath bed at tho oonviat Btation in West Australia, he confessed to having struck tbo fatal blow, and helped to throw tbo body into tho Bca. Tho ' Wild Tobacoo Plot ' only brought dieaetor to its originator. Next wcok the Itcoords will bo oontinued under tho litis of ' Mad Theodore.1! This will describe a tragio and extraordinary svent that took placo at Oasoade Prison in the be ginning of 1847. ' 