CHAPTER 111. " By George," Frank Merreday said, as he sat at breakfast with liis cousin, two mornings later, " there was a perfectly lovely girl at the Ives's dance on Saturday. She knew you, too." Laurence Halstcad looked up. " Who was she?" "Miss Lambert. A tall, slim girl, with eyes and liair and a step fit for a queen. Doesn't know what to say for herself yet. Like all girls lovely to look at, a bore to talk to. She said being with you was like being in a temple. Told her I should tell you that she had said you looked like Buddha, and she hadn't the courage to ask me not." " I don't think I care particularly for courage of that sort in a woman," Halstead said, slowly. " She's rather a nice girl; I like her." " Poor baby, she thinks herself intelligent. Talks about Wagner and Browning. Another year and she will think she understands Herbert Spencer." " They have all three become food for babes and sucklings lately," Hal stead said, with his quiet smile. "Time has hurried on while you were in Egypt. People are clever now or want to be." Mr. Ives.—Chap. II. " Like a belated literary woman I met at Shepherd's Hotel a month ago, who insisted on talking about what she was pleased to call Leibnitz's theory of a future existence. I told her that it was all in the Koran, and that he had merely prigged it" "Whatdid she say?" " Swallowed it whole. She'll hand it on to the next man who takes her down. Women always hand things on ; and he'll think her a bigger fool than she looks." " I know some rather pleasant literary women," Halstead said. " Sorry for you. But you are rather by way of being a literary swell your self. How is the law book getting on?" " Pretty well. I am working at other things. I expect," he said, after a moment's hesitation, " that 1 shall be asked to stand for Byehurst next year." "Lucky beggar." The lines came across Merreday's forehead again, a ittle weariness into his voice. "It will be better than writing books," he went on, recovering himself. " They are only so much ruBt; we could do just as well wi hout them. Don't you see it? What does the man who spends his days in writing them get ? Only the knowledge that he has wasted the best years of life ; and the men who read them would be better employed in getting experience for themselves at first hand." " You had better write one yourself, and say all this by way of running in the face of your own theory." " Can't you see," Merreday went on again, not noticing the interruption, "that there are only three things in the world—love, lite, and work. The rest is merely their effects. Love for the women, life for the men. and work for us all. The world is full of possibilities waiting for people to turn them into experiences. But it takes men to do it, not spineless imitations who push pens along paper." "It's quite evident that you will have to write a book," Halstead said, getting up, and looking for a cigarette-holder among the letters and cards on the mantelshelf. " We are each of us one in ourselves; but we only see the binding of each other. We have most of us sense enough to keep the rest closed. I shall never write a book, Lai, but I shall write a play." " That's nearly as bad." " It's better. People only read the one, but men and women act and feel the other; it's an imitation of life anyhow: a l>ook is only a ghost." " I believe you could do it if you tried," Halstead said, thoughtfully. " Daresay I could if I really ohose, for the determination is half the ac complishment ; the difficulty is the determination. By the way, Mies Lambert eaid you were going to give a water-party." "I thought she might like it, and perhaps it would amuse you too ; that wort of thing is rather in your line." Halstead spoke affectionately, for he Merreday, and looked upon him more or less us a crank to be humoured. He went into the hall, and was getting ready to go out. j "Stop a minute," said Merreday. "I will go too; which way are you going f" "Along Sloane-street." j " So am I. When is this river business to come oil'Y' he asked, as they j went towards Piccadilly. | " I'll cee the Lamberts to-day, and arrange it." j " Good for you, Lai, that you have only to think of a tiling, and set about i arranging it." j " Well, you are not mbch to be pitied, old man—an easy post and good ; pay-" j "Yes, getting fever, for instance, like last year, and sweating away out there, with all the possibilities of life u thousand miles oil' Y' He stopped suddenly. " Come in here," and he almost pulled Ifalstead into a florist's. " I want some flowers," he said to the girl at the counter. He darted down on the different vases, pulling out a handful here and there ; " and these—and these—and these," lie put the best he could find in the shop together. " Send them in a bos to Mrs. Percy Ives, Hans-place. The little woman will he pleased," he said to Halstead. " Now another. ■ These yellow roses, and these iris—all yellow. Stay—are there any buttercups 5 Put them at one end. No, nothing hut yellow. These marguerites, and a forest of maiden hair over them all. Three pounds ? There you are." His face was wreathed in smiles. There was fascination, a vitality about him, that carried even Laurence Halstead away. " What a pace you goat!" he said, with a laugh,and put his hand in kindly | fashion on Merreday's shoulder. " Xever as fast I want to go," laughed back the demon. " Do you think she will be pleased with her flowers V What's her address " Whose Y' " Miss Lambert's Y' \ " 57b Hyde-park Gate. She always rides in the morning." Halstead did ! not look too pleased. j " By Jove, so she does ! I told her I would look for her, and meant to j borrow your cob again this morning. But I forgot all about it. Never mind, I will leave the flowers at her door. That hansom looks all right." I " Frank," said Halstead quickly, while the man turned his horse round, " have you broken off with the Galtons ?" Merreday settled his flowers on the seat, sprang into the cab, leaning forward as he drove off, and answered :— " Going then? to-day." j " I am glad he forgot about the cob," Halstead thought " He can't be J verv badly hit." j Merreday left the flowers at the Lamberts', dismissed the cab, and wandered into the park, looking curiously at the men and women lie passed.' Mrs. Ives and Merbeday Looked at Themselves Now and Then.—Chap. II. " What a place," lie said to hitnself, " and what a people. They have each a little ropewalk to themselves ; they go up and down and call it life—a little circle, which they run round and round, like a tin train." The indescribable thirst was on him, a louging for everything, a satisfaction at nothing, the ' inexhaustible spirits to enjoy, the keenest capacity lor disappointment, the determination to taste everything, and an eagerness that allowed him to stop at nothing ; and, mixed up with it all, a weary wondering at life as it had so far set itself out to him. But there were many things to taste yet; he was not half-way through the feast. For once he felt frightened at a Bense of the strange irresponsibility that was in him, a dread of his own wild impulses ; they might "carry him to the devil in such haste that he had no time to get a return ticket before he started," a man had told him once. He had been on the alert to keep them in hand ever since; but he longed to give them rein and to whirl on. The worst of it was that the reaction always came ■ the hluck depression, useless to struggle against, that seemed to pinion J him down while life and death alike held aloof, and the dull iron entered 1 his soul and everything before his eyes grew grey and hopeless. He 8atl down and thought of Helen Lambert for a minute or two, then he shook 9 his head He was keen enough about everything and everyone, but he® realised that at the present moment lie really cared for no one, for nothing. I As tor Saturday, it had been too short to be anything more than an infatua-® tion and that was passing off. He had sent her the flowers on an impulse ;® he had. in reality, only entered the shop to buy some for Mrs. Ives. ■ " I'll go and see Jean," he said wearily ; " it can't make me any worse."® He strolled on to Piccadilly, loitering by the way, for lie was not® a hurry; the errand on which he was liound lie felt to he® only the performance of a duty, a kindness, the fulfilling of an obligation.® ! .. j oUuht to take her something," he said ; " next time I'll bring home® a cartload of bangles and distribute them round. It will save a world® l of trouble I wonder if she would like 11 wers too." He stopped® before another Uorist's, but there was something almost grotesque in the® ' i tea of taking llowers to the middle-class little drawing-room at Charlton.® He remembered it well. The furniture was covered with green rep, there® was a Plaster of Paris figure of a Swiss hoy on the piano, a looking-glass in a worn gilt frame over the fire-place, a walnutwood cabinet in one corner® with a glass door and sham old china behind it, a round table that had for merly been in tlm middle of the room and was now pushed up near the win dow His steps went slower still ns he saw it all m imagination. He thought of the dinner to which he would probably sit down that evening. It would be at seven o'clock. lie remembered a parveum woman at Cairo, who hail told hint that the dinner-hour in England was significant. The simple people dined in the middle of the day, the dull nobodies at seven, ! neonle who were struggling to get up higher at seven-thirty, society at eight, i Ih smarts" at a quarter-past or later, the Queen qt nine. He ground his 1 teeth and hated the woman. He wished he could lift one of the pyramids 1 on to the top of her. He would go over the sand afterwards towards the Snhinx singing for joy at having flattened one fool, at any rate, out of the ! world ' He thought of Miss Lambert for a moment. She was vastly differeut from the girl he was going to see. He passed a book shop and turned back. , • 1 " I wonder if Jean would care for Browning. I don t suppose she s got him Anywav, it will do." Fvervthing was mere weariness to-day. lie brought a set of Browning's oems carried six volumes away under his arm, and ordered the rest to Lei sent by post. Then his courage failed for a moment, and he determined ted lunch before he went to Charlton. j Charlton is not a beautiful locality, but it still has a countrified prettincsd IflQd unsuspected corners of peace and charm. Frank Merreday wandering] on absently from the station came upon green spots and vistas of quiet road, with trees and trim little houses on either side that looked so restful they made him draw a long breath and wonder why people hurried so much towards the noise and whirl of cities. He had nearly a mile to go to the house he was seeking. It was one of a row that had been unlucky in its tenants, and, as though it knew and felt it, had taken on to itself an aspect of dreariness and neglect. There were only six houses altogether, and no others immediately near them. They looked as if they had been set down by accident and for gotten. In front, beyond the untiagged foot way, were three sycamore tree6 planted so close that their houghs interlaced. On the other side of the dusty road was a clump of beeches and some brokeu-down brewery buildings tarred black. To right and left stretched the roadway; in the distance wni the signpost of a public- house, a little country inn it should be called perhaps, since it still preserved that character in spite of the inva sion of city men in the neighbourhood and the near approach of the jerry builder, Merreday remembered getting a long drink oi shandygaff there one sultry day live years ago when it had first occurred to him to mak< love to Janetta Galton. For nearly tw< months he had been an ardent lover. They had known each other since he was a hoy ai school at Clifton, and her father was a solicitor in a small way there, and had not yet come to town, hoping to make the way a bigger one. She used to work laboriously at her lessons, and had a character for being more painstaking than clever. Her fathei tyrannised over her and her brothers; il made Merreday furiouB now as he remem bered that Janetta used to be bpaten for hei shortcomings. That was how he had firsl come to know her. His master's wife hat told him about the blows, and he had bural with desire to fight her battles. He had sinci been on friendly terms of a sort with Mr. Galton, but in his heart he hat! never ceasec to hate him and had only been civil for tin sake of the girl. lie ran up the steps of the third house aiu knocked in a masterful manner, as though h< felt certain of his welcome. The door wai opened instantly by Janetta herself; she wai spare and thin, her lace was white and bony her scanty hair was done up in a badly-shapec knot behind. She had grey eyes, with a kindly and unselfish expression in them, a litth pointed chin, a weak uninviting mouth, and serviceable-looking teeth. Her figure wai angular and flat. The sleeves of herdresi were loose, and suggested that her arms wen skinny. She wore a brown serge dress badlj made and untidily arranged at the throat over her shoulders was a little grey Shetlant shawl, which she held to her throat with on< hand, a white delicate-looking hand, whili with the other she held open the door. Aboul the whole woman—she was probably som< three or four and twenty—there was a lool of determination and sweetness that was con vinoing hut not charming. It was evident ever from the mere tone of her voice that shj possessed useful every-day virtues ; and sbi did not add to their attraction. But shl looked quiet and gentle and intelligent, i comfortable little soul enough to have foi n sister or to look after home interests. " Did you expect met" he asked. H< entered the house with a quick footstep and without any other greeting. " I knew you would come when you could," she said cheerfully, and drev.. him into the drawing-room be had pictured to himself an hour or two ago| She shut the door, and for a moment- they stood looking at each other, happy look on her face, a half-questioning one on his, then she put her arc—^ round his heck and kissed him lovingly, but without passion or excitement of any sort. " Come and sit here," she said. He put the books on the table and went (over to the green couch, beside the lireplace with the dead leaves and 6trawL fans in it. She knelt down in front of him, and looked at his face, held it al little way off, looked at it again and kissed it. Then she subsided on to thej door at his feet, her arm thrown across his knee while she prepared to bear what he had to say. " Well," he said. " Well," Bhe echoed. Z How are they oil*" «fhiHie isn't well, we nre afraid he is going to he consumm „rll(1t's what are you going to do with him, a,Twhere . Dfj;P lms pone to Greenwich and back by the boat, just to n. Mors-iys it would be the saving of him if he went to San n ^ Th* Lk on'J" *<-' the mo»e>- He wants to g0 and startTf Ca,i" ^Inmtis ]lf» doing?" I'Swckbrokeri"!?' He frightens us sometimes, but he th' i (0B,ke« fortune." _ ">«*. he is going «tnd (lie father? " father's very " oil, but lie looks older. Now tell me «k * a«°ut yourself und \- quite well, thank you, nnd so is Egypt," quite wen, iiiiuin juu, miu oo is Kgypt." vu glad to see me again ?" she asked in her cheerto. , -tinental voice. and un »yo,dear, very," lie answered in a kindly tone enough ^ . fcead contentedly on to bis knee, and drew her feet a lit«eclJ°PPed hef ^'fl'hy didn't you write to me ?" she asked, "jdidn't want to." "I wrote to you every week and never missed once I dM jrtler;a telegram now and then is so little." ' 80 Jon£ for a "Itold you last time," he said wearily, « that you mHat n„f can't write long letters unless he is in love ; it is one A "And you don't love me ?" She raised herself to her kne ^8ts'" lands on his shoulder and looked at him Put her fearlessly, as though lie would only state a Wof which she hud been long aware. have u.m you," he repeatea more .."ill » wli.'it you are to me. You are 1 my shelter, my unsuspected haven ""''lie wori'l-' I come liere to rest, knowing ^tlshaUtindi-f "lhiSumdyou ahvays-and always the ! „*• but 1 am not in love with (inie to ">v > !01' ,. 1 . » " Vou used to la ■ . . -Fora little while. I always feel affec Jtelr towards you, though 1 forget you It kl while I am uwny. unless I'm ill or tiied the" 1 think of you—hut I am glad to Stack tor a little while, it is such a rest *U blessed rest," ami he pulled her head Jom on to his shoulder, and looked at her dull hair with something between gratitude pity at his heart. "You had much better give uie up, Jean, and make up your mind never to see me again. I shall only cost yon pain," lie said remorsefully. "Von always tell me that." "I know, and to give me up would be Triedom, little woman." "leant. 1 will bear the pain." "Andyou would rather that I came to Bee jon like this than not at all ?" A little despe ktion spread itself over her calm face as she HEveied, "1 couldn't live without you. If you can't pre me more than you do now I must he raitent, and thankful to have that" "I believe you would do anything on earth for me," he said with wondering convic tion. "Yes, anything on earth," she repeated in her clear voice, full of unflinching affection. "I would work like a slave for you day and night I would let you kill me if you liked. 1 would lie a beggar in the street if it would do;onany good. 1 don't know anything I mid not do for you, no matter how badly jontreated me in return." Ee was looking down into her eyes while the spoke. He saw her deficiency in charm, kr homeliness; he noticed curiously the ajer, bird-like expression on her face. He felt a compassion for her, an affection, but above either the hopelessness of its ever king possible that he could give her more to he gave her now. It had been perhaps i ntrange element in their intimacy that be Wncver lied or disguised his feelings towards kr. He had tried to state them gently, but k bad not deceived her one whit. Other romen might win his love, his devotion, ®fht wring his life out in the days to (tome, orperhaps had done so already ; hut she at tot had his truth, his anxious better side, to his soul (or that portion of it that he wsciisafed to let her see) was laid out bare to unflinchingly before her. He smoothed her hair, and looked at her forehead It thin and white, with linen across it f bis own. He stooped and kiBsed it fottly. Tbats not the way to get a man you care bfou dear idiot," he said sadly. "Don't '! 0Rr be never loves the woman who u ft herself into a door-mat for him." R« rat',er be that than nothing." «<tohts teeth together. ^ e goes out across it into the world," he be glad if his feet went over *°o1'" 'le 8a^ 'n R whisper, and -wi wota was like a tired careBS, " how you dig the . j^*8 not the I ^ You should never say things like that to a I *W to win him. He wants something more difficult. ember j>ow you "Yon used to care for me once," she said ; ® V^ain never love roe I *»e every day ! Will you never—never be like tba - theD drew her BJ<m did that summer!" He was silent for a m' ' to him, and wearily rested his face down on e ^ with a little " 1 believe I ahall come home to you to die, he ft." contentedly ^ in his voice. They were silent for a little space, a ^tly, as if the "Nigh in his arma till he pushed her ^ack qu»c y w young and ^nt of his thoughts had suddenly changed. »»»»* , fae aaked ^ again. " When does Charlie want to go to Cal Wtly. t n "He wants to go at any time, but father can't afford it. How much does he want!" (| t day was silent for a He sayB he can't do it under four hundred. nerrcu •"J^ent, then answered firmly: . me lust year, he "All right, he shall have it. I bad five thousand left roe ius 'have the four hundred to-morrow." °h,nol" " Wl»y noty ^He couldn't take it; we would not let him." between bis hands, katen to me, dear idiot," he said, putting her face derea across **tehing the course of a little hair he blew a*'fty , inve8t it in cotton toJkead. " I don't want the money; I shouid only ^ printing on ihe8on th* hanks of the Nile, or experiments i antic 6pecu JJ»;or any other idiocy with which it occurred to «w» ^ yoUVC J halt it This four hundred pounds would save <3hi» ^ y0U know | ti|,me88 to Prevent a man from having his life sav . ^, .t mBy be ^Itnakeyou happier, dear, and it will dome g ^ everything else me, and he wrinkled up hh forehead, is counted against me. Let me do it. Don't stand in my way and bis. She \ crouched down on the lloor again reflectively, and pulled bis hand under er cheek. "You shall do as you like: it would save Charlie," she said in a low voice 1 hen it s settled ; wp'11 talk of it presently, and arrange the details when he comes in. Now ! Have you got Browning's poems He asked the . question quite boisterously, and went towards the bible singing from Bheer I light-heartedness. " No," she answered. The birdlike look -came over her face again ; it j suggested that she was struggling after her most intelligent mood. " I have | often wanted to read them. I have heard they are so clever." , " Here, then," he said, triumphantly. " I brought them for you ; take j them away," and he lumped the volumes into her arms. " Some more will come by post." "Oh, thank you, Frank, I Bhall value them so." She looked at first one volume and then another.. "I shall put them in my own room; there's a little shelf put up there with nothing on it yet. 'James Lee's Wife,"' she i said, turning over the pages ; " it looks interesting," and she began reading. | 1 It wbb so strange to hear the passionate words said without the least little J tremour or inflection in her clear, cheerful voice:— " • Oh, love, love, no, love not so, indeed 1 You were just weak earth, I knew : NVith much in vou waste, with many a weed, And plenty of passions run to seed, But a little good grain too.' " He stared at her for a moment. "That's me," he said. "Shut it up ;' | here comes Charlie." And Looked at Her in a Dogged Manner While She Ate the Oysters.—Chap. II. Merreday looked in at Hans-place on his way back; lie was in wild spirits, relieved at having got his visit to Charlton over, and delighted at what he had done there. He bad satisfied his own conscience and made the little woman easy. Perhaps, take him altogether, he was at his best with Jean ; but he was glad when he had got his best over for a while. Dinner was going on. Mrs. Ives had waited for her husband till nine, and at last sat down alone. "Please, may I have some?" the demon asked merrily. "I have dined once, but that doesn't matter. I have been to Charlton to see the Galtons, and am glad to get back." The table was covered with flowers, Mrs. Ives was looking her best, the food was dainty. It was all so different from the surroundings of a couple of hours ago—the uninviting table, the roast beef' no one should eat beef in the summer, he thought; Jean in her morning dress, her hair more tightly screwed up than ever; Ben looking like a smirking city clerk; Charlie, who had knocked out a front tooth and seemed bent on letting people know it, evidently ill, but excited at his prospects; Mr. Galtou with a little shaky movement of the bead which he had only latterly acquired. And yet—and yet, in some odd way, with that spare little woman at Charlton whom he did not even love, Frank Merre day, of the twenty different lives, and all of them taken at a pace, felt a sense of home that existed nowhere else for him in the world. But it was ot home in which he did not want to stay long; a restlessness and impatience depressed him when he was there, the knowledge that the joys and sorrows and ambitions of life were all beyond it made him impa tient to get away; while yet something undefinable bound him to the home. He looked up at Mrs. Ives. " What a comfort it is to come here again," he sighed. " Yes, isn't it," she answered, soothingly, and she fiddled with the salt spoon at the corner of the table. " I love you," he said, and stooped and kissed her fingers. " So does Percy; he adores me." "Damn Percy." " Indeed I won't, you shocking boy. There he comes." She looked up with easy affection at Mr. Ives, and leisurely withdrew her hand from the corner. " Sweet old darling, Frank is here and making love to me disgrace fully. Come and protect your only wife." "I think you can manage to do that for yourself, my dear. If you had been the original Kve you would have worsted the serpent," her husband said in his leisurely voice. "How d'ye do, Merreday? I met Halstead just now." He sat down very slowly. "No soup or fish; is the entree cold? It's the first duty of an entree or a sweet at this time of year to get itself iced. What was I saying? Oh, I met Halstead looking radiant an hour ago. Upon my life I believe he's been up tp something. I heard the other day that he was after that handsome Lambert girl. By the way, old Lam bert, by all accounts, is very shaky ; had a queer attack at his club the other day." Something sent Merreday back very quickly to Eccleston-square. As he let himself in with the latch-key Halstead came out* of the smoking room. " Come in here," he Baid, " I want to tell you something." Merreday followed him curiously. Halstead went np to the fireplace, looked for a match-box, struck a light, and put it to his pipe before he spoke. " I—I'm engaged to Helen Lambert. I've grown fond of her lately." He stopped, but Merreday was silent, as if he did not quite take it in. " I didn't want to tell you before. I didn't know if she'd have me." Merreday looked at him for a moment blankly, then the radiant look came over his face, and he burst out joyfully, with genuine rejoicing— " You are in luck ; shake hands, old man ; she's splendid ! Your are in luck." " Yea, I think I am. Have some soda water ?" " Splendid lock!" " Thank you," said Halstead, with a little smile. " Yon are a cool beggar, though, upon my soul ; as cool as the morning. I should be chanting on the housetop if I were going to marry a girl like that. I believe you'd take the day of judgment without turning a hair." An amused smile came into Halstead's eyes. " Perhaps," he said. Merreday looked at him critically for a moment. "By Jove, though," he exclaimed, "you'll make a splendid couple. It will be like the marriage of the sun and moon, and the little stars shall be your children. When is it to be?" " As soon as possible," Halstead answered calmly ; "in a month probably. There's nothing to wait for." " I'll be your best man. The number of weddings I've seen through in Cairo !" "You shall see mine through," Halstead said, with a dreamy look on his handsome face. " I wonder," said Merreday, as he walked up and down his own room an hour later, " if he knows how to make love to that girl. I wouldn't mind betting that he barely kissed her, if he did at all." 