SAVED BY SHADOWS. BEING THE ADVENTURES OF A MAN, A iiOY. AND AN AsS WITH A TRAVELLING SHOW IN NEW SOUTH WALES AND CHAPTER v.—(Concluded.) QUEENSLAND. BY SKIPP BORIAISE, Author oi "Tbe Night Fossickers ot Moonlight. Flat," " Tales of Hie Bush," •« The Mysteriuj of Mcilounie, ' " Vackandandah Station," Ac., it I thought that he might have been a triilo warmer in his praises, and in his thanks as ivoil; but it was just l;ko hiiii, as also was his eeudi&g.me; into the bush after the donkey, for Mortimer would never poke even his litfle finRer into the slightest jeopardy as long as anybody else's whole body could be used for the purpose. Iiowe\er, after saying to h'm, " I'd keep the ghosts walking, if 1 was you, for fear some of them should return," 1 started off, and soon caught Lion, unhobbled though he was; and after I had brought him back, and harnessed him to the cart, Mortimer sitting down smoking the while, and continually complaining how stiff his limbs were, he condescended to clamber up therein, and to superintend the lantern, whilst X drove, picking out the way as best I could. There's not many a colonial boy who can't steer by the stars, and knowiug that our proper route lay in a nor'-nor'.easterly direction, I kept as close to it as the nature of the ground would allow, which was often of such a character that I had to dismount, and walk by Lion's head for long miles at a stretch. Mortimer meanwhile sat or reclined beside the mummy, and in charge of tbe magiclantern, with the brass cap over the lens (for we did not care to show a light), yet with everything ready for raising ghosts at a moment's notice, should they be required for our safety's sake, to frighten away pursaing blackfellows. It was by no means an agreeable journey, for we might have been speared, or waddied, or boomeranged at any instant, and the way lay, for at least three miles, through a mountain gorge, with a sheer precipice rising on one side of us, and an abyss of unknown depth lying on the other, whilst the rocky roadway could not have been more than 9 ft. wide. This gloomy pass traversed, however, we reaohed open bush, in which I could venture to ride again, and a few hours later the rising snn showed us something actually in the shape of a road, and, about a mile ahead, a settler's hut, standing in the midst of a little tobacco plantation, and could I believe my eyes, a patch of monster pine-apples and melons adjoining it as welL We were hospitably received, and well treated. I ate melons and pine-apples to my heart's content, and, what was a far greater treat, had half » dozen hours' delicious sleep on a straw mattress, and a cup of coffee and a plate of hot damper cake on walking up. We stayed in our comfortable quarters until tbe great heat of the day was past, and then we resumed our journey, but happily reached Rockhampton without any further adventures. CHAPTER VI. I BETCHN, LIKE THH REPENTANT PRODIGAL, TO MY FATHER'S HOUSE. Rockhampton was but a repetition of Brisbane and Ipswich so far aB both our public and private life was concerned. The mummy was certainly a draw, but not so great a one as my partner had anticipated ; yet, being of a very eanguine temperament, he would often observe —" Wait until we get to Sydney and Melbourne, and then see how it will rake the money into our pockets." But I listened to him with little interest, for I had by this time firmly made np my mind that immediately on reaching the former capital I would at once go home, and even at the cost of a whacking, raturn to a life of steadiness and respectability, for I had by now got to believe in the truth of this proverb that Tolling stones gather no moss. I was never a very good hand at concealing my intentions, and Mortimer must have found out this one of mine, and determined to defeat it, for he all at once made up his mind to go on to Melbourne without touching at Sydney, and selected a steamboat for our passage (The Rangatira), which made the voyage direct. I was thus carried close past my home, and 577 miles past it, and at Melbourne my master (for he was, in fact, my master, though he always stuck out that we were partners) hired a hall in Great Bourkestreet,* and declared [he should exhibit there for si: months, I muBt not forget to tell you that at Rockhampton Mortimer persuaded a runaway Fijian slave, a lad of about seventeen, to join our party, and directly he had secured the Melbourne Hall he lodged him in a little den on the premises, and dyed his abundance of black hair red, put enormous gilt rings in his ears, and painted little dull red spots all over his body, like you see in a skate fish. In this manner be at last possessed "a wild boy from the far interior," and in conjunction with the mummy and the panorama hoped to drive a ood trade, and so we did up to the time when f left him, which happened as follows:— Seeing that he could get on without me, and that, in point of fact, 1 was only a very hardworking servant without wages, I told him that I had resolved to go home, and asked him for my money-box and its contents, which had been nearly £5; but he told me with a laugh that that had all been spent long ago, and that if I attempted to leave him " in such a shabby manner" he'd have me pursued and brought back as a runaway apprentice. How I wonder now that I could have been afraid of such a threat. I was so afraid of it at the time, however, that I ran away from my partner—yes, sneaked off in the middle of the night, and with only eighteen pence in my pocket, and then actually walked overland, the entire 557 miles, to Sydney, begeing my meals as I went, and camping out in the bush of a night! It took me exactly a month to get from capital to capital, and, as uaay be imagined, my , feet were on the ground by the time that I ' accomplished it. How didn't I lose my way the reades may -wonder ? Well, the telegraph ran the entire distance, so the white posts were an allsufficient guide; and instead of a whacking on reaching home, I received a most kindly welcome, and, in lieu of the fatted calf, we had \- my favourite dainty, an enormous pumpkin pie for dinner. * Doubtless many people will recollect its being exhibited there perfectly welL THE END. 