Parisian Parlance. July 16.- The colonial .question in .'France, is. truly embarrassing for patriots. Some will have' colonies irrespective, of oil objections, others, maintaining -they are -only useless, luxuries suoking tho blood und money of the mother country, dare not openly ehullongo tlioir adversaries at public meotings whore tho great ness of France would be at onoo raised. There is also a stratum of the publia which holds : .Grab what no-man's land you like but' its possession will be useless bo long as yon have no oolonial army, and the latter, good military writers assert, is an impossibility. Tho array mustbe intograUythoarmy. M.JulcsFerrydocs hotlessou his unpopularity when ho doolares that to. mako ou omelotto you must break tlio eggs. To have und to hold Tonquin monoy must bo expended and blood sx>illed, observes tho cx- Premior, nnd for this avowal ho is re-oxeorated while ho illustrates tho truism by pointing to ; Algeriu, .which though 60 ycurs in tho possession of FmncOj is still battled ovor ; andlndiu, though British since tho days of Duploix, lins to olviliBO tho natives by war. Even Colonel . Atcbinard in Senogambia and tho Germuns in East Africa havo to rely on the virtues of tho repoating rifle and the bayonet. Cardinal Lavigorio's Whito Monks supplement the .a word of tho spirit with that of tho flesh. Mungci Park, Bruce, Livingstone, Barth, Cameron, NuchfngaJ, and their disoiples ' more or loss, De Brnzza und Binger, are explorers on .peaceful lines — when, unopposed. , Colonel Flutters was as Quakerly inclined as any of 'the pionoers, but his expedition was not tho less massacred. The cholera outbreak, not invasion this time, ;is in .the suspension stage. A heavy fall of continuous, rain would not be tho worst of general prophylactics. It would flush tho sludge-choked sowors, and wash tho atmos- phera .despite itA alleged 200 miles height. Thon confidence would be restored to the hydro- mioropbobists who see, not hooka in running brooks, but bacilli, and good in ovorythingbut Soino water. Tho latter is both meat und drink, thanks to its myriads of animuluulcs per cubio inch. Had Jules Forry whon Mayor of Paris in 1871 known tho ulimontury value of tho. Seine, ho . might havo enabled tho starving besieged to wuit a little longor for hot rolls and cafeanlait. Hygionistsvorypraperlyrecommond suburbans to use only oold boiled water, till tho Seino supply was purified or superseded by springs of sylvan origin. Tho promoters of tno " Tho Boiling Water Company " found no ono to finance their sohemo. It foil ilut liko tho celebrated "Hot Muffin Company." Visitors should not conoludo that tho barrels of hot water frequently carted through Paris, are part of tho war material of tho campaign iigninst tho microhos. That 212 degrees heated Soiuo water is intonded to feed warm baths in privato houses. Tho eashioring for sueli it virtually is, of M. Cavaignaa, tho Minister of tho Marino, by tho Chamber of Doputies, is an oveut of greater importance than a surface view would present. Tho iuliorent evil hitherto for Franco in tlio administration of her foreign possessions lius boon the offioinl bickering und jealousies between tlio army and navy soi-viocs, duo to both olaiming superiority, and tho mother government lacking tho necessary eourago to insist ou a unity of command. The evil is as old as tho hills Tonquin showed tho conkor at its worst, and Dahomoy equally so though on a smaller scnlo. Tho Chumber had mado up its mind that tho oxpodition against King Bohanzin being land-work, tho army should havo the unity of command. " The navy will not iicaept that" replied M. Cavaignuo, bo tho Minister was turned out, and liis successor, M. Burdeau, turned in — all on affairof n eouplo of hours. Not a regret for tho parting, und' every congratulation for the coming guest, . Tho Chamber moot oomploto its good work ; it must put an end to the absurd routine of directing every phut ttf military and naval movement in the colonioa by the autiioritioH at Pans. If tho looal commander, after being coaohcd in die gcnoral hues of tne Government's policy rospeoting his charge, ho competent, intrust him with full powors to not. Thon ho wfil bo something mora than a puppet or a maehino. This absonao of initiation is tho cardinal dofoot in tho dofonsivo polity of Franco; it cost hor sad deceptions in 1870-71, and it is to bo feared that power lias not yot been oxtendod to officers, nor can its exercise bo aoquired as a matter of courso. To load men, to seize tlio right solution and apply it at tho right moment, are next to hcavoa horn faculties. Has Franco a supply of these mon, and if so where liavo thoy boon "raised," where have thoy won tlioir spurs f Hardly a yoar 1ms olapsod sinco Franco groupodoll her possessions ana protectorates in tno Far East, and placed their direction under a kind of governor-general, M. do Lsnorsau, giving him a full und frco hand in Indo-Ohimi. well it is tho scoret of Poliohinello that he has failed. And more is tho pitv, not only for B ranee but for civilization. M. ae Lanersau united all tho conditions for sucooss. Ho is young — but 49 yoars of ago — notivo and of great energy. Though born near Bordeaux, he lias tho ten acious blood of Brittuny in his veins. Ho is a navy doctor by profession, and served in that cupuoity during right years in Indo- Ohina nnd "West Africa. Ho is a scientist by natural fcutc, and u politician and economical writer by predilection. Ho mado his dobut m public life as a munioipal councillor for Paris, joined tlio advanced republicans in tho Chamber, and hecamo an authority on tho colonial budget aud colonial questions. Ho was delegated to cxamina tho condition of Tunisia and of Tonquin. Ho reported that tho latter should bo uuifiod into tho French Indo- Ohinoso Empire, administered by a single responsible offioial, with full powers ovor tho array and navy. Ho laid down that tho Tonquineso Bhould he slowly taught to become French, ayo PaiisianH, and tlio French, induced to emigrate and invest money in Tonquin. Ho demanded only two yoars to ahango tho faco of tho French Far East, and tho result ? Nothing ! Mr. Deaoon, a foreigner, shot in flagrante de- lielo tho Frenchman who seduced his wifo, aud was sentenced to ono year's imprisonment ; Madamo Koymond, a foreigner, shoots in Jlagrante delicto a Ek-onoh woman who seduced hor husband, and is acquitted to tho satisfaction apparently of everyone. Both ladies wero handsome, young, und rich. Tlio viotim's letters wore found by Madamo Beymond in hor husband's voliso. She professed to bo tho devoted friend as sho was tho youth companion of tho woman sho outraged. Her ownhuaband, Lassimorrae, was a lawyer ocoupicd in the provinces. In the intercepted Sapphic lottcrs by the dcocosed to M. Roymond— anything but an Apollo or a Chesterfield — sho insisted on his not so much as looking at his own wife, every regard would ba a "profanation of her lovo," was not to he soon oven in her company, and ho ought to tiy and throw tho wifo into tiie way of her own husband, Lossimonno, aud so organise a case for divorce. Roymond not only morally but physically abandoned his young spouse, only 23 years of age, as she had to pawn her jewels to pay hor oxpenses, and the doceascd received the highest "modern" education, and figured in most fashionable aooioty. One phase of tho drama was touohed upon rapidly, that when read between tho lines throws a lurid light on the deoadence of the population of France. A " logical mind " demands, if, as Deputy Lo Boy in his report to the Parliamentary Committee and published in the bluo-book literature assorts, tho population pf Franco must become extinct within a measurable and near timo, what is tho use of founding colonics or keeping up bloated armaments P "Why not allow the taxpayers to utilise their imposts to "cat, drink, anu be merry, for tho morrow," &e.; Deputy Lo Roy blazons forth tho two memento mori facto, that tho total deaths cxoced the total births, and tho latter nro on tho down grade. The not totul deeadonoo of tho popula tion of Franoo in 1890 was nearly 39,000. Franco haB tho lowest birth rate among civilised people, only 22 por 1,000, while in Germany it is 39, in Austro-Hungarv 38, in Italy 30, and in England 38; the Russians display a rabbit fecundity of 49. Furthor, 36 per osnt cf tho babios dio undor twelve months old whon brought up at homo ; tho poreontage in some districts amounts to 70, when thoy ure farmed out. Again, tho mon do not; propose; tho marriages from being eight' have follou to seven per 1,090, and one-fourth of tho married couples bare no obildren, while the total is alarmingly on tho inorcaso. Deputy Lo Roy does not hesitate to lay nt tho door of tho wealthy olassos tho responsi bility of this matrimnnial etorillty, wilful in its oharaotcr from a disfiko to tho cost of rearing children and so diminishing tho marital fortune. As manners come from above, tho middle classes followed the load in wedlock .barrenness, and now tho enstom flourishes among tho workpeople. Simultaneously with this is tiie speod of abortion, not only on tho part of unmarried mothers, but resorted to by wivos. Tho reporter has drawn up a series of Ton Commandment remedies, that will likoly prove as cificaoious as tho injunction in Generis i, 28. The erocntinn "f tho wretoh Ravaohol is by common consent no longer alluded to. His attitudo during tho scaffold scono, which was so infamously outrageous towards decency and religion, sends the affair into oblivion with a shudder. Tho IVanco-Russian alliance can no longor bo acouscd of bringing forth no fruit. Dr. Granchor, of tho Pasteur Institute, a Gaul, and Dr. Gantalela, a Muscovite, are oolloativtiy labouring to combat thaoholcra microbe, and aro vory hopeful of sucoess. Greniar, tho Government olorlr who confessed ho sold tho purloined teohniosl papors from tho Admiralty Office, to Captain Borup, of tho United States Legislation, has onaotod, hi presence of "my lords " tho polioo- magistrato and tho dotectives, how he oporntod. Convoyed to the Ministry, ho took tho folso koys with whioh ho opened ovory room and privato drawer or press, abstracting tho phuis, &c.;, and when eopiod " for tho market, ' ' replaced. Ho lias it appears kept un exact list of his thofts, and an account of all tlio sums he was paid for each dooumont. His rehearsal of tho abstrac tions ocoupicd several hours. This looks ugly. Tho French would bo less incensed against the captain if thoy wero convinced he did not dispose of any of tho papors to tho triple alliance. M. Tiorsot, in his lifo on "Rouget do Lisle," tho oompoRorof tho Marseillaise, just published, dedicates his volumo to President Carnot. Now in tho volumo is an order, written by M. Carnot's grandfather, tho organiser of vlotorios, in tho nume of tho Committee of Publio Safety, and signed by him, Robespierre, Barore, and athor members, for tho arrest of tho composer, who thus nnrrowly esoaped boing guillotined. Tho President must grin and boar with tho Banquo ghost compliment. Some thieves broko through a costormongor's shop and atole a lininpor of tomatoes. Not knowing whnt to do with tho "lovo apples," thoy bought some wooden dolls, rented a booth at Belloviilo fair, and allowed merry souls to havo a Hhy for ono sou a throw. Tho play was announced as "Dolls and tomato sauce." "Whon the basket of ammunition was oxhausted, tlio rogues decamped to banquet on tho prooeuds. Evory fourteontii of July is as liko its pre decessor as two peas. On tho present occasion tho dominant note was tho display of Russinn flags. In niVnber tlioy muBt havo beon equal to tho tricolor, womon wore tho two-becked onglo on tlio yollow ground, in tho form of tiny flugs hi thoir oorsngo or bonnets. Tlioro was a broooli combination of a Gallio cook crowing lietweon tho nocks of tho Siamese Russian bird o freedom. Tho Russian Hymn wus as gcnoral ns tho Mnrsoilluiso. People if not vory enthusiastic, woro gay, thoy had tlioir fire works, but moro plouBing still, their military roviow. 