WE KNOW. A SEItMOX liv Tnr. Bisv. LYMAN ABBOTT, D.D. ; " I know Him whom T have believed, and I aui persuaded tbat He is able to keep that which I have committed unto {Him against that day."— •J. Tim. i. 12. Do you observe the difference in the verb? I l,vYic Bim whom I have trusted; I am pewaded that Be is able to keep that which I f ive COTImitted unto Him. Paul <ues the verb " know" very frequently. If to be sure in the •"'"*" realm of religion is dogmatism Paul is the most dogmatic of writers. Hear him :—I know that the law ia pood; I know that the law- is spiritual; I know that in me—that is, in my flesh—there is no good '»'ing; 1 know that the whole world groaneth and travkileth in pain until now; I know that all tliincs work toeettcr for good to them that love God; I lViiow that I am tlif temple of God; I know Him whom I have trusted. These are— SOME Or HIS 1'OSJTIV.F. A-SKVKriAVION-. They are never founded on traditional belief?-. He never sajs I l;now somethiiip; fcecauae the Church, Jewish or Christian, lias pro-laimed it. I do not say that we may not strengthen our faith by lbs faith of others. We may. I do not say tibut, the 'hcreditaiy and continuous testimony of the Church is rot a tonic of faith. It js. But Paul does nut base any of his " 1 kuews" on this as a foundation. 2V"or does he base them upou argument. I will not i-av that be never Teaches i conclusion by a logical jirbcens aud formulates it with an " I know;" but it is certainly very rare f. r him to do this. But he often bleaks into an areuuienr «it'i a i:reat "I know," as in Ihe eighth chapter of liomans, when into his winter picture of a world sr"a.ni:ig and trawiilir.c in pain together until now, there suddenly Ii-.nsis thro«/:ii. as a briclit .-iuili?iit thiuiijili (he stcila .Iniid, "We know that all things work ti.peilitr for jroou lo them that love Gou.' No. Pi.v.l's "I know'' i» nut a logical conclusion—it i< ths' stiorig a.->eveTa.'ifiii of a personal spiritual ei-pc-iieure. Th<=ie some thiups in religion which we may i:i .M-.-. I want to talk of them. They are not, jiti i.i.ii?., very many, but they are very f' wi^incii'al. i;<i now I am gi>in? in sw.ik to you (".it of Sil OV.N KI'tBlBHi. If T fii\e my words an itiuol.ii.jiTaiihical l-nni, mid if tlicv have' Kfjine r.ypt-ct of egotism in tln-iu, j«u vh.i are acciiMomed to hear ine fr«M Sabbitli IO !-'abl'aih will pardon, the unavoidable in-'eli -ity. 1 read li.e ntlier day a story of R. young Rirl living mi Ilie const nf liiighu-il, who took her little bunt (.no brrfiht S"-miner itfteinnoii an.l rowed out two niiks from the coa-t to a buoy; and then, filled by the inspiration of lh? sunlight and tho day, pushed mi two miles fuither: absorbed in herihoiightsi, she ] r.ilk-id nothing about her until, suddenly waking : jroin her day- dreams, she saw a Rre.it fojbank j i reeping down from and veiling the shore. Then ill j her tenor, losing I-c r prc.-eTH-e c: luincl, she caught- | at her oars and jinMcd with such veliemem-e that j s-lie broke one «f them and was left, the fog hiding i the shore, and creeping down upon her, cold and j liitilesp. I have been on that sea. 1 have known what it is to have all the s-'Ilii verities of religion | hidden in Ihe fog: what it is to hold ill doubt j evuy article of faith MIVO only two—faith ill my ; •iwn'soul and faith in some unknown GoiL I ought j i i-vmpathi-e wiih llipse who are in the fog. I fog has crept , and I hi'.ve wondered where I was vant. to tell , not even , . ., even the things I am leasnnahly sure«f, not even my earnest convictions—I wane to tell you the tilings 1 know in leh'gioii. I And, lirst of all, | L KNOW THAI I AV. A vrry simple statement, you say, and y.-i, nftorall, a iiin'damtntal one. When 1 have lead Hume's vnpourirgs about Ihe niiud being a men'succession . ol phenomena, a nhantukmagmia tint passes across > ihe stage, and ends when death rings down the curtain; when 1 have read Sir Henry Maudsley'a 1 iifoiies that man is only a inei-hunistn, and this iliine we call thought is only the spark nf an «lec- 1 tiii machine, 1 am perplexed until 1. come back to l«:k into nivself and mv own coinrtousness; (lien I know that inn. If I stand outside ami luokat \<IU, I U.av question whether you may not be a iiisihiiio. If 1 stand outside and look at myself, I n.:1V <•!'.<? :ion whether I may not be a lunr-hin". Bet if I queslion mv deepest conm-iousnns, t know tint I am, and that I am something different- from l^o outside voiM: h imctliinc different from tbGE' ili .-k, fiiiin tills limit, fruui t!ii» filatforui; aotaerliir ivi.t fl'Hu tiiu liu-ly that I rtlld and cont'f:',. 1 am >oinFllf::i« different from tbia hand* tt ir.. !i.ir,p different fiom this eye. When I lijive a mil. UIi, I, too, liare stund l>v the open grave and •nuked riotrn into it, and I, too, hive longed for tli» v; icu that never ppe&ks;, and for tin- vision of Ui9 argels, and seen no vlaion then- I have bnawn %vlmt it is to stand and li>9k into that vieanev and wonder what Ins become of the friend llu.t has gone; and I aiave looked forward to tha time wlieii my Ij'idy, too, should be laid in tho piavc>, ard have wenilcrcd what lies beyond, and ^belJierunvthiijcWilt! shall hd l k.mjr nut, save as I uke (.he testiinony of Jesus Christ M nf one «lio does know. 3}at I know that I am m»re mv body, more ilian all that can Iw seen oi> heaid <ir touched, more than this outer tenement live in A W0H1.0 <»•' MOIML I.HV. I .1111 lint so sure that this uiatcri'.i] wirl.i U povtratd by physical laws, nor fc>> sure Dial Miu liotiy is cole ned iiy tanitary laws, as tli-U t,- «ro ara lavs of right and w.-orie tint rule my «;:irit. I know that ritflit is right and wrong is wi 'ng. I know that rij;ht is not merely juiother w»y_ of ! spelling prudeniv, cor MU merely anntlief way of I si'ulliug folly. I know, you know, we all knur-, tinti are moval ckararters bound toother Tiy inorat \- iitw; IIIW; that IIHU tlii^ IIUII mutul inunii law LAW is the ME f:iaiij:iti.in' inuuaiiLiiin nf NI tba T-UW ; home, of the f-tate, of Government, of evcrytiiinn of lalue in hmoan life. WJK'II I enter into p^iiVisaphkal disijiii-iticii as to tlta nature and origin of . moral law I reaca conclusions that differ fr-jia tlia c< ncluxions of Home of my fellows. a;:d I can roc-iRnise thrir richt to differ. I can understand tliia man who tilings that tbs laws of tight and wrong were evolved from the instincts of the animal creation, though I d<> net agree with liim. I can understand this other man who thinks that livs have their final validity tn statutes enacted by an Almighty God, though I do not agr<>e wi'k hira. I can understand how my neighbour should disagree wiili luc, who hold that right and wrung are final . mill ultimate factors—laws of my being o as they an j jaws .'of God's being. But these ,Te philosophic • disquisitions. Of these conditions I a'lipsrstudeJ. 1!llt 1 know i that there is a right and that there ia j a WTOn! And tbRt 5- J I HAVE UKOKF.N THAT MORAL I.H.V; i that I have broken it in specific act?, and not con- 1 formed to it in the whole tenor and structured my : ''einff- I know that leraorse is a pecaiiar kind ot j ''f, ^ -f^P- \- seiu<e. SniuHimes it is a poignant, bitter panx. , Seaietimesit isa greit dark shadow? Sometimes , itisanevan>srer.t recret. lintoomeas it may. (n what form it may, chaiiKwl wit.li cbir.ging \i»ej atul have chaiart«rs, sinned. itis 1 a have rral, criine vital, short actual of the etp^rieace glory of tho I dirine idea), of my own Men.!. Do we not all know - Hint ? Is there a rr-rui. a woman, a cli'id in thu house that doe; nut know wlnt it- is lo look back with reprot upon the past, or look forward to the future with a giva*-. stronc aspiration to ba somet liini; lieltrr, Iivrz<-r, nobler, tli<m lie Ins yet huiroiue? Is there one wlioje soul does lint rome» times eclio that cry of Tennyson'-*— Oil, for a man to a-ise in me, 1 hat the man that I am may cease to be! AFI<I ibeoripin of e\il wv may differ; but there i-:: i. he no questii>n of this one great thin;—that wa have j-hired. Von a-e not the husband you ouc'nfc to lie. Vnn are not the wife you ousbt tn be. Y<m nre not. the man r.r the woman you oax'ut to be. Your ideal has not y-t realized itself in your ^ pvefii and tir.tinished. " It" "" is "" not merely that the child needs some additional instruction; that the web i* not completed in the loom. There aro in threads of juide. passion, sensuality, evil imagination. The eood that has been in you has b*en alloyed with esil, and the evil has debased the good. And then I know that TI1KIIF. AltE rO!;<TX AT WORK. Icrces in myself, forces outride myself—to help nre in a better life. I know there is evil in this .world that pulls me down ;l>nt then I feniw that thsro are forces that- are drawing me upwards. I remember to-day how, many years ago, I sat almost over that clock and listened ed while the great ' preacher stood in this pulpit, not merely stirring ua for the moment now to laughter and now to teara vrftli bU ^compa^e eloquence, but putting into tlia heut OIAYOUUENIAII tle LILT seeds TWIN UNU«J: to W V™ W fruitiu after life, and stirring tha souT of ayoung man with an inspiration and an aspiration thut . never have died ont. Hook back across the years and remember that-father with whom I uvea, ami S» aV^e h wTo?™ehoM neV er beard utter a word that be ought to recall. . that father whose judgment always seemed to 1119- wise, and whose spirit seemed to ine always ja»t &nd; tender and true, that father so catholic that all the world was hia; friend so torgeinindfid^tuat to S a T n ^ ^ o X ^ S f b ^ and J I T know • there — was INSPIRATION IS tlrs INFLUENCE. I look back and see the vanishing figure of it trotlier whom I cannot recall save as a dim and distant memory, a mother whom I remember only as an invisible influence rising from the grave where the form had t o be laid to decay, and I» know thaA she inspired and restrained me, and that-1 was a better boy because her influence was about me and around me and with me. I know what the influence of innocent childhood has been. I know wliat have keen tiie cenUe restiaint and the noble inspiration of a Christian wife. I know what liaa been the value of a home to keep me pure and make me ever wish to be purer. Oh, is there no meaning in these words child and wife and father iuia mother and home and love? Do we not know that there are redemptive influences at work.in ths world? Wherever we may think they liave come from, liowevcr we may define atonement and forciveness, do we not know that lore is in the world, ard that love redeems? And if we will but constrier a moment, do we rot know that all thesa influences are, at the heart of them and la the spirit of them, one; that love, in fitter, mother, insband, wife, home. Church, pastor, is all one great current of love; that ttiev are Dot merely rivulets of life — scattered here . and „ „ there, , but . one great -,,. mignifl- . ^ntnverof love.- Call it whatyou w,U; sWlit « , THF. HHEAT I-N\VI:IT OF I.OVE working i„ the* hearts of men. and malcinp them redeemers of others because redeeming love is fa them. And I know that there are times when the there is a power preater than i>reach*T or father or mother or wife er rhilil, who has stood beside me and does stand beside in life's great battle. Aud ^ K l f ! , ^ ^ ajj(] fi„ the ^s^a arches, and looks up ana wonders whence it comes, and finally discerns ate „ff the org.-m-lort within which are the unseen organist and clioir; or as one wakes in the morning, and, looking out upon the morning dawn, wonders where the east is, looking first out of tbis window and then out of that , and finally discovers tha sun just shutting itself behind the veil of clouds, so Z look to see if there be not some embodiment of this miracle of redemption. Is there no central sun that holds in itself and yet gives perpetually torth this light that guides and inspires the world"; I ftnd it here in this New Testament. There are SOME THING? ALTON Tins enmsr t.f which I am persuaded. I have longed to know whether this Christ of the New Testament was indeed the world's Redeemer. I have looked—I iliinklmiv safely say it—I have looked the difficulties in "the wav without" hesitation. Not without foreboding I have read what philosophy has ta .«ay sijainst the miracles, but with the constantly increasing belief that a profounder philosophyshows the miracles to be rational. I have read what criticism has to sav against the historical fidelity of the Four Gospels. I think I understand measurably the mythical theory, the legendary theory, the naturalistic theory; and I liaxe come with increasing conviction to believe that the Four Gospels are historically true. These are things of which I am persuaded. I believe with the universal: Church iu .Tesus as the Son of God, who was conceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Man', suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, dead, and buried; the third day He arose from the dead. He ascended into heaven, and sitteth at the right hand of God, from whence He Rha.Il come to judge I lie quick and the dead, and I hold them alias ths lesult of exploration, investigation, balancing o£ doubts and difficulties, and with the respect- tor the mind that iuilges differently. But there are two tilings that I do not hold iu any such way; I know tl-tir. know that this Christ presents to me, and II hinl: I know that this Christ presents to every s< .ul that will honestly study His life 'IMF. 1HKAI. OI- m tlAN I'Hin.MTF.Il. I know I hat nothing to be found in literature or in history' or iu my own imagination compares witli this inspiring iiieal life rec-irded in tnes* I'onr (idspels. Aud I know that from that life, liistoricallv, hai ((.lilt that redemptive influence which is lifting tba world step by prep. In the first century the world was lost in paganism, in ignorance, in seiisualitv. The keeper of the swims was like the fwine, wallowing in tilth and iu the mire. Not bv :in instantaneous wn.-d. but little by little, 1 he devil has been driven out of (he man that was possessed, :uid the evil one has gone, and he tlwt was pos- . sessedis beginning M i<t clothed and in bis right iriiul. I I nice the history of redemption in the hist'jiy of the woilil back to the cradle at Betidehem and the resurrection at .Jerusalem. And then I unroll (lie bonk ot my own life, and I see that tho pastor and father and mother and children and wife have ministered to me only, or chiefly, as they l.ave brought m« morn and mora to know thij Christ, to love this Christ, to lay liold oil this Christ, to found tny hope in this Christ. And so, nut fortiie miracles Unit encircle llim, not for the i'ashes of power that spring from His presence tike sparks fir.m an electric battery, bnt for what Heis in llim^elf, and for what He has done for the world about me aud for my own soul, I know Him whom 1 b.ave b lieved. There are many things uncertlin, many tilings unsettled, but there are some THINGS WIC MAY KNOW. We ui&v; Know that w e are; we may know that we Hie moral beings under a moral law; we may know that we have sinned, and need not merely pity for our sorrow s, but mercv anil forgiveness for oar stag; v.e niavknow that there are influences at work In the world through father and mother and home and preachcr and literature and history by which irav be lifted into a higher and better life step by _ trace these Influences b«x4» . ^ will turn and look to see whenoa redemption comes, whence tbis light . nines that streams in through all the windows S makes for life and love—we may know that Clin s is the light that liglitetlr every man that- com ti» into the world. We know Him whom we have Uslieved and we are nersnadotl that He f» anl« w ana ^re per™ untc> Ulul P™r» "Pf. against that day. 