TOPICS OF THE TIMES. ("BY A MELBOURNE SCE.IEE.] The presence of the " ba^racker" is most powerfully felt at football matches. The tern is generic as applied to the peculiar patron of that particular line of sport and the obnoxious personage has become to a certain extent a power, and for all litecative and truthful purposes al~o -a pu>escence. For truly he smells in the nostrils of all decent folk who may patronise football matches any Saturday in the season. If his retinue is not rawed, it is for the most part an abrogation of temporarily emancipated clerks who have been freed from duly, and have got boosed to celebrate the fleeting festival. Under oiher circumstances these clerical persons would behave themselves in a gentlemanly fashion, but actuated by scandalous sur roundings,theyelect to carry on a disgrace ful degree. Tbe:r principal motive is to " show off." However, they " reckon -with out their ho^t/5 and, as a consequence, are sometimes brought to their bearings. A recent case of football principals having to safer by le^al adjudication will stand as a case in proof on the other side. THE BETTTAI, BA1??ACEEE. He's a fearful foul-monthed fellow, Wii.li completion-dirty yellow. A bulking, howliu?, hair-brained hobbledehoy! He's a frantic football follower, A harnm-rcarum holloaer. Who sets out with a purpose to annoy. His lon^s nre blowing-blaring Wiih cat- sing" 8"d wi;,h swearing*. His partisansbin of nut qnire devoid. In ffict, who "a-barrnckin'," .Tost proves himself a larrikin. Bat we'll squelch him and be not by him annoyed. We are not setting1 out to write up this par. in the interests of any speculator, but we have been amused by the rivalry of two agents who aspire to run a certain alleged hygienic cure-all in this city. They have appealed to the law courts, each as to his ri^ht, which, if either has any, will damage ; le general cause. Accounts are called for -bid si«rn-and altogether there is an air of " mixedupedness." There never can be a universal cure, and anyone attempting to foist such up <n the public must be prepared for any amount of antagonism and through himself should avoid it altogether. When you get into the box and are mayhap ques tioned by Dr. Maiden or Air. J. L. Purges, you are apt to out a sorry figure, and the aose of the public gets inflated and sniffs largely as to the facts bearing upon, your nostrum. If you're inclined for betting then a horse you'll back, But if you're undiplomsecl then you'll turn a quack With advertisement extensive, So spacious and expensive, Ton prove that of disbursement you have no good, lack. Frequent changes are perforce the order of the day, and, for that matter, the ni<jht -3 'peciaHy at each one of the theatres. Bland Holt has departed to Adelaide with his company, and, as predic'- d by this scribe, the Theatre Eoyal is now subjected to openings at intervals. At the Opera {Tou^e the thread of continuity is threat ened with severance, despite previous pre amble, and the d Jly advertisements are of _to avail to the artf uL Brough and Eouci cault are laboring to bols'er up public sup port by weekly substitutions of bills, bub the feathers of their bolster are not of a substantial nature, and it remains a ques tion of whet .er their business can be p y in-j or if they are paradoxes of pluck under adverse circumstances. George Eignold is retiring from the active control of the Princess Theatre, after a season that has nofc.proved profitable, and following him the part owner of the property, J. C. Williamson, will step in and resume management by introducing a revival of " The Silver King." This piece brought additional fortune to the firm of W. G. & M. in 1883, when it was originally produc-1 on the 27th October of thatyear. The bur lesque ceason of the London Gaiety Troupe at the Opera House is drawing to a close, rnd it may be remarked that nothing like the interest and excitement attendant on the former visits of the Gaiety Theatre contiagents has been shown towards the present "push." You can't get a Fred Leslie and a Nelly Farren every day. Goodness knows what is going to be done with the Theatre EoyaL It is now closed, and its re-opening is a matter of vague probability. Altogether the shareholders have had a rough time of it, and wished they had invested their money in a better " opec." The Alexandria Theatre is being kepi open by a co-operative company, who present old- fashioned melo-dramas to scanty audiences. The Cogill Bros., at St. George's Hall, are doing an excellent business; in fact; the best in town in the theatrical line, so the luck of the Adelphi has changed for the better. Some two years ago, they went out of the same place penniless, and had to seek the protection of the insolvency court. They emerged from that triumphantly, the judge gt anting them an unconditional certi iie. ,te. The Victoria Ha.ll is now used as a gospel tent, and the clang of the bones and tambourines no longer resound within its walls. Dan Traeey's Co. are pegging away at the Gaiety Theatre and meeting with a f. ir amount of patronage. Despite the prevailing dullness of the times, the man agers contrive to keep up a weekly appear ance of " the ghost" which walks regularly. The recent Traralgon telegraph swindle reminds one of a somewhat similar dodge in connection with the wires, and which occurred in New York some time ago. An individual interested in stocks and shares rented an office on one of the top flights of a building in that city, and past the win dows of which ran the telegraph wires. By means of a very fine piece of copper wire he connected with the others and so obtained information passing through, and which he applied to advantage. This adroit little scheme was detected one day after a very heavy frost when an employe connected with one of the telegraph com panies happened to see the wire shining in the sun with extraordinary brightness. Attention was directed to the affair and the fraud exposed. 