CRICKET. THE match between " England k Australia" of the A.C.C. was resumed on Saturday last, at 2-30 p.m. The scores at the termination of the first days play stood as follows : First innings—England 59 ; Australia 77. England three wickets down for 13. Evans and Forbes, the not out men, resumed their innings, Evans making a good stand, Forbes after scoring seven including one 4 retired caught Hogarth. Nuttall joined Evans and in attempting to score 2 was thrown out. Freeborn next went in and hit his first for four and second for two and was then bowled by E. Keyser. Leishman was next man in but was bowled without scoring. Gwynne partnered Evans and a good stand was made, these two put up runs freely, and carried the total from 29 to 56, when Evans skied one which was taken by the bowler, he having made 17, the top score. Fruin was next in, and began to play cautiously, but he soon lost Gwynne who was caught and bowled by O Keyser for 12. Norton joined Fruin, but lost him, being run out after makings. Rawlinson, last man in, after making 1 was caught out. The innings closed for 71, leaving the Australians 54 to win. C Keyser obtained 4 wickets for 25. E Keyser 4 for 25. Australia then sent in J. Mooney and Monaghan to face the bowling of Nuttall and Gwynne. The first wicket fell for nine runs.. C. Keyser joined Monaghan, who was soon bowled by Gwynne for 10. E. Keyser joined C. Keyser, but had a very short life, being bowled by Gwynne for 0. Colebrook then partnered C. Keyser, and after seven runs were added to the total C. Keyser was clean bowled by Gwynne. Hogarth went in next but did not stay long, being caught for 2. A. Birch partnered Colebrook, who called on Birch for a run when there was not the ghost of a show for a safe one, and consequently Birch was run out for 0. E. Troode then partnered Colebrook, who up till then was playing well. Troode made three and was then caught. Broadfoot was last man in, and after scoring two singles he lost Colebrook, who was bowled by Nuttall, after making a valuable 15. This closed the innings. Angove, Milne and Webb were absent. The fielding of the English in several cases was wretched, two or three chances having been missed by one man off Nuttall. Gwynne bowled remarkably well, securing six wickets for 16 runs. The English thus were victors by three runs. 