I nada the lily. BF H. RIDER HAGGAED. I Copvbioht, 1891, Br H. Rider haggabd. i (all bights resebved.) I rHAPTER XXXIII.— (Continued.) B Now all this while the Wolf-Brethren had mcch ado to keep their people qniet, , their jaws watered and their eyes I dione at the sight of the men, and at length Ita)Uia be done no more, for with a howl ! she-wolf rushed from her lair " yiiap at the throat of the man who moke, nor did she miss her grip. Down want wolf and man, rolling together on the ground, ana mere mey aiuai I The Esedotoana / the Esedouana are I unon ns !' cried the other scout, arid, , Jming, fled towards the impi. But he I never came there, for with fearful -howl- I j0Es the ghost-wolves broke their cover- jnd rushed on him from the. right, and, I the left, and lo ! there was nothing of him left except his spear alone. H Now a low cry of fear rose from -the- I impi, aDd some turned to fly, but Fakn, the captain, a great man. and. a brave, touted to them, ' stand firm, children „ the ting, stand firm, these are no I Escdowana, these are but the Wolf- I Brethren and their- -pack. - Whatl.will. I ye ran from doge, ye who have laughed I et the speBrs of men ! Eing round ! I Stand firm !' I The soldiere heard the voice of their «ntain. and they obeyed his voice, forming a double circle, a ring within a I ring. Ihey looked to the right, there I Grosn-51aker aloft, the wolf fangs on his hww the worn wolf-hide streaming on I the wind, Bulalio rnshed upon them I like a storm, and with him came his red- I eyed company. They look to the left— I >h, well they know that mighty Watcher! I Have they not heard his strokes down I by the river, and well they know the I riant who wields it like a wand, the Wolf King, with the strength of ten ! I Wow ! They are here ! See the people I black and grey, hear them howl their I nar-chant ! Look bow they leap like I water — leap In a foam of fangs against the hedge of spears ! The circle is broken; I Groan- Maker has broken it! Ha! Galazi I also is throngh the -doable ring ; now most men stand back to back or perish ! ... How long did it last? Who can say I I lime flies fast when blows fall thicks I At length the brethren are beaten back; I they break out as they broke in,_and_ are . I gone, with each of their wolf-folkas were. I left alive. But that impi was some- I what the worse, but one-third of those I lived who looked on the sun without I the forest ; the rest lay smitten, torn, mingiea, acaa, niaaeu uuuo, ----- I ol the bodies of wild beasts. I 'Now this is a fight of evil spirits that ; I live in the shapes of wolves, and as for ; I the Wolf-Brethren, they are sorcerers of I the rarest,' said Faku the captain, ' and I such sorcerers I love, for they fight hmrasly. Yet I will slay them or be H slain. At the least, if there be few of ne left, the most of the wolves are dead I ale, and the Arnie of the wizards grow I weaiy.' So he moved forward np the I mountain with those of the soldiers who I remained, and all the way the wolves I harried them, pulling down a man here I and a man there ; but thongh they heard I and saw them cheering -on their pack the Wolf- Brethren attacked them no more, H tor they saved their strength for the last fight of all. The road was long up the mountain, and the soldiers knew tittle of the path, I and ever the ghost-wolves harried on their flanks. So it was evening hefnej I they came to the feet of the stone Witch, I and began to climb to the platform of I her knees. There, on her knees as it were, I thev saw the Wolf-Brethren standing ride by side, such a pair as were not I elsewhere in the world, and they seemed I afire, for the sunset beat npon them, and I the wolves crept round their feet, red I with Hood and fire. ' A glorious pair T quoth great Faku; I 1 would that I fought with them rather I thin against them! Yet, they must. die/ I Theathey. began, to plimbto the.-forieee I of the Witch. I Now Umsiopogaas glanced up. at (the I stone face of her who sat aloft,- and it I was alight with the sunset. I ' Said I not that the old Witch should I smile at this fray ' he -cried. 'Lo! she, I smiles! Up, Galazi, Let us spend the I remnant of oar people on the: foe, and I fight this fight out, man to man,, with no I heast to spoil it ! Ho ! Blood and Grey- sauut ! no 1 Ueatbgrip 1 no ! ' wood-, I dwellers grey and black, at them, my- I children !' The wolves heard ; they were I few and they were sorry to eee with; I weariness and wounds, but still . rthey! I were fierce. With a howl, for the lastj I time they leaped- down upon the foe,! I hating, harrying, and killing- -till they! I themselves were killed by" the' spear,! I e?erJ one of them except . Deathgrip I alone, who crept back sorely wounded I to die by Galazi. . i I ' Now I am a chief without- a.people,| I cried Galazi. 4 Well, it' has beeri -my I lot in life. So it wasiri (the Halakazi I kraals, so it is on Ghost'-Mountain at the I last, and so also sballit be even for the I greatest kings when they oomeio diej I teeing that they, too, ; must die "alone! I KtP R in «1 t U — L '-aaAba itll — ji uguhcret) vausts wueie . yuu nut I stand, to the left or to the right.'' i I I Now, my father, the track -below I operated, because of .a bonlder,,nn4 I '6rfi "ere two little paths that-led Ac I the platform of the . -Witch's knees'- .witbl I Porohance,, ten . .paces . between -foefo I Umillnnnonaa mnaJoLj <st» 'loaf a .lilowaJ , — guwuw - VUO iwiruww I P &nd; Galazi took the right. j 'Thrim I j«ey waited, having spears r-in -their I hands. Presently the- Boldirira'calne I round the rock , and rnahed np. againm; I emi sotn® on one path and oriae -on I theother. I _Then thehrethero hurledfoeir spears I em and killed three-men! Nriw I "Msegiis were done, and itihefoe' yras I ®®jthem. Umslopogaaa' bent forward, I nis long arms shoot out, the axe gleaihe, , I an;® man who dame on fells back. I I (Ono F cries U malopogaas. , """ "V oroinerr answered "Galazi, blow 8 ba=t Ihe Watrihe'r frrim his. A soldier rushes forward, singing. To and fro he inovks in front bf 'lopp-j ®8.hisepear-poisedto«trike. — Groans Mswoepadowibnt thomanJ»ps the" blow misses, -imdft the A poor stroke, Sorcerer' F cries the mm as he rashes in tn«t»h-frnT f x<o! the axe wheels 'in thri alrj it iirclea swiftly low doyrn. by the.gropnd a it smites upwards.' - Deforekhe epeafeflian can strike the. horn of Groan-Id eker has eped from chin toPraia. - - i rET ' But a good return, fool F says Um siopogaas.- . ' Two !' cries Galazi, from -the right ' 'Two! my brother,'- answered UmBlopogaas. Again two men come on, one against each, to find no better lock. The cry of 4 Three V passes from brother to brother, and after it rises the cry of Four !' " Now Faku bids the men who are left to hold .' their; shields together and push '.the two from the. mouths of the paths, and this , they do, .losirig fonr more men .at -the hands of the. -brethern before it is dona Now we ara;pn- Jhe open ! Ring thepi round; arid . down With, them !' cries Fakn. ButwhDshall rlng-roundiGroan-Maker 'that shiries tin all sides "rit"-"Once, Groan- Maker who frills heavily no more, bat peaks and pecks jiticLperiko.likp.a.woqd- irird'on a tree,"and'>never lb 'vein. Wfaonhallaingi-dnwl thoseifret swifter than the -Sassaby of the plains ! Wow ! He is here? He .is there ! He is a Sorcerer.! Death As in, his hand, o»d death looks out of hiB eyeei Z ' \ > Galariives'-yeh for still -their -comes dw!anni«l-afjiwXf«iiJ,».-»i;.n thundnrn tm -the— shields, -and-the-Wotfs-hoaree cry of the number of the slain. He his a score of "wounds, yet he fights on; his leg is wellnigh hewn from him with an atm. vefc hp. ficrfibi an j jttsa huth ia again and again, -yiAbe iighbs im 1 Bpt two are left alive before him, one twists round and spears him through the back- Heheeds.it not, but. -smltSh down the foe in front. Thtiji he '-turns anjl, whirling .the Watcher on high, brings him ' down for the last time, and so mightily tkatjhe man before H bifr lis crushed like an.egg. : i: | Galazi -brnshes, the blifbdfrom his eyes and glares round on . the deali. 4 All'. Slaughterer, ' he cries. ; ' All eave two, my brother' comes the answer, sounding above - the- ctash of steel and the sound of smitten shields. Now the Wolf wonld . 'come to him, but cannot, for his life ebbs. ' Fare thee well, my brother'1! "Death i8good.i Thus,.indeed,ii -we old die, for 1 have made me a mat of men to lie on,' he j:ried jvith areat voice. ! 'Fare thee well! "Sleep softly, Wolf!' cam¥' the eMweaT: pni iafebfal", i Now Galazi fell dying on the dead, still-spoke. - 'All -save— one -1- Ha-1— ha4 ill for that one then when Groan-Maker yet is up. It is well to have lived so to die. Victory ! Victory !' And Galazi the Wolf straggled to his Knees ana-ior tne last time snoox tne Watcher about his head, then fell again and died. Umsiopogaas, the son of Chaka, and Faku, the captain of Dingaan, gazed on each other. They alone were left alive apon the mountain, for the ne6t were all dead. Umsiopogaas had many wonnds. Faku wasvurihurt ; he was a strong! man, also armed witik an av»- Fakn laughed aloud. 1 So ijb has come; to this, Slapghterer,' he saidjf that you acd'l mast settle whethe£>the king's, word be done or no. Well;TI will say; this, however it should falUout : I count it-agreat fotaoe.to have Ween this fight, and the" highest of honouts to have had; to do with two snch warriors. Eest yon Qi-itttie, Slaughterer, - before we close. I That wolf-brother.of youtsied well,! aod if it is giygritfhe to conSr in this; bout, I wili'-fell theateDom kraal to rtfiT-tforoaghont tto tand, and it shall! be a tale for ever.' "''w" CHAPTER XXXIV. THB MLT's-'FABEWEtt. ' - ' J, Umsiopogaas listened, bat he 'mSle; no answeS to the Words of Faku! We captaio, -though he-ked themjwellj- he would not wantehis breath -in talk ing, and the light giewloiv- -1! " '&\- ; ' I am ready, Man "of Dlfigaan,' he; said and lifted his axe.- -' Now for a while the twocircLed ronndi nod round, each waiting "for » chance to- 'strike. Presently Faku smofo at thei lifted Groan-Maker to ward the bfoEJ Fakn crooked ' bis arin arid- le't 'rthe"Exe' curl downwards, so ,tbat.its keen .dhe. smote Umsiopogaas upou' 'the' heaflj severing his man's yringi pnd the; veeSpj beneath. .. . , t.; . Made , mad with . the _paln,- rj the; Rlanvhterer awoke.'asit were. HerielroB Groan-Maker. - with' both' lhainds'riand struck-thripe. The' . first blo'wheW/etl riwaytheplnmMand','ftid;:riF;Fakri, irind drove him.barir W,ejat- leiigt>fo.fiie mightiest twisted in'his .'S»etidiandB,."«o that the axeTfiulote.i&yya.; Never-, the lessj -it fell fulLon'thedjreast. of Xhe 'C«riltote'FA'lfoiishattg; sweeping him from the 'jledge'Of rtMpvm to the slop&l;>e:nMtin!wlmfo'he1lkyjsti£L iUmsiiiibgiLa;'einHg-ii!grisadliow,' Dingaan,. SlwefSrajto>''Bk ypurnlai'sCWe prnephndl,iN«d" '.'iVjBatiFakii;. the.! captiuni.iwns riritjret dead, tlhpngh, he. wa8| Jiurt . ;th I iHn sat np, and JwitiifciB' lafr/stnengbh he hrifled'the aXe id ;hish'a'ttd riV hikn whose"might' had prevailed against him The axe sped tifae, aiuPifo point etrnck him -on -the fott. tem pie. . djri viog . In i i the bria-lafiilpakii'Kdw hw! Then Fakn fell hack'jdsad arid tjU mslopogaas threw, up his arms" arid dropped, liknran pjc.drppgjberih Wpd lay, as oneidead,bepeathdhadiadow irifwsfams.1-5'11" an J "'rf <w#d : tTr \ bf.-a , utM&iizuA; ;A31aday- fong: Nada Crouch edUin ytbe riavelirihriirig feuriaslgat crept frtijjUjPijtiierfapiinlEM riffeb howling «f wolwridionting of men, and the tiamehfiof1 iron !cri1cfron. All day long ehesat,unduowev»ningcame space, aridMbfWiisBa HftTqrgirfifWelled, iaud3sank, 'aud-tdied;wayiD a8he/Jurd nnmfeerj£#I»nJ,She heard Galazi's dying cry of « Virtsmi /' and her heatt timp;Jftfae«-ddhe infriiQf iron xm iroiniiMid'thedightisrifooid amfiall nm«, pofpinre mnrnang of mbn and uo more dash of arms, no fioiriiip of wolves, no.cries.bf pain tor trlumpfo-fnll was qniet as death, for death had taken all. 'Anon he will come,.. my hnBband, he will surelyKjome ; the -Slayers ape slain — he does not but ; tarry! ;to bind his wounds ; a scratch, perchance, here and there.. Yes,' he -will come," andltis weH, for T ' ! am 'we&ry; jof my loneliness/ and thispla(»ia' gtimendeyil.' ! Thos she spolre to herself in hope, but notiiing carrie except -'the Aiihrice. Then she spoke, again, arid -' her voice echoed in the hollow cave. ' NoW l will be bold, I will-fear nptijing, will push aside the stone and.go. out to End hinn I know well he does.bnb llnger to,; tend some Who are wonndl. perhaps Gailazt. Doubtless .Gahzi.is wounded. . I - must go arid tend hirii; though franeverioved mc,and T do "riot "love ;himqyerriinch who would stand betweeri „riwj-'arid:.-my husband. - This wild - wolf-man ias-foe to womerij and,' moist "of all, a foe.tb hie ; yet I will be kind to him.-. Come; I will go at'once,'nnd;she ro8e>nd:pushed at the., rock. ..... . . "... Why, what- was tbis ? It dicLnot stir. Then ' she rsmfeirihered that' "she -had lulled ! t beyond -the 'socket -, because of ler fear of the wolf, and that- thB Dck had slipped -a Uttlewajt-dcwn the neck of the. cave. Umslppqgaas had told her that she must -not do this, aodsbu had forgotten his words/in : her: Toplishiresa.. Perhaps she could inp vp ithe sto'ue ; no," not by the breadth of a grain of corn. She .was-BhUt in, withdut Jforid rir wBfof; and- here ehB must bide titi Usislopogaas aetna a n>4 if ha rlm- nnf.'.'OJtAM f 'THlPfl she mast surely die. Now she shrieked aloud iu -het""fear, .calling con the.. name:-of Umsiopogaas.: The walls of the cave answered Uutdo- pogaas X Umsiopogaas !' arid-1 that -'was all. Afterwards madness fell upon 1 Nada, my daughter, and she lay' in 1 the cave for days and nights, nor knew ever how- long she lay. And; with her ' madness, came visions, for she dreamed that the dead One whom Galazi had "told her of sat once more aloft in his niche at the end of the cave and spoke to. her saying — ' Galazi is defid 1 The fate of him who bears the Watcher has fallen on hlin. Dead. are the ghost-wolves ; I also am dead of badger in this cave," and as I died eo shall yon die, Nada tfaie Lily ! Nada, Star pf Death ! because of whose beauty and . foolishness all this death has come about.' Thus it seemed to Nada, in her mad ness, that the shadow of him who had sat in the niche spoke to her from hour to hour. It sfeemed to Nada, in her madness, that twice the light shone through the hole by the rock, and that was day, and twice it- went cut; 'and -that'" was night. A third time the" ray shqne j.and died away, and io! her madness left her, and she awoke to know that she wbs dying, and that a voice she loved spoke without the hole saying, in hollow accents- — ' Nada ? Do you yet live, Nada !' 'Yea, 'she answered hoarsely. 'Water! glve mCwater F " Then came a sound as of a great snake dragging itself along painfully. A while passal; then a trembling hand thrpst a little gonrd of water through the hole. She drank, and. now" she." could speak thoughjtlre water seemed tofloy through her veins like fire. 'Is it indee3 ydu,'TJmslopogaa8 V she said, ' or are you dead, and do I dream pf y on F 1 'It is I, Nada,' said the voice Hearken ! have you . drawn the rock borne V 'Alas! yes,' she answered. 'Per chance, if the two of ns strive at it, it will move.' ' Ay, if our strength were what it was— but now 1 Still; let ne try.,', .... So they strove witii.the.rock, but the two of them together had not the strength of a girl, and It would not stir. ' Give over, Umsiopogaas,' said Nada ; ' we do bnt waste the time that is left to me. Let us talk F Foc a while there was oo. answer, for Umsiopogaas had fainted, and Nada peat her breast, thinking that he was ,dead. Presently be spoke, however, saying, ' It may not be ; we most perish- here, oris on each side of the stone, riot -see ing the other's "face, for my . might la as water ; nor can I stand upon my feet to jgo" and seek for food." 'Are yon wounded, Umsiopogaas!' asked Nada. \- a y, jxana, j. am piercea to sue uraui with the. point of an axe ; no fair stroke, the captain of Dingaan hnrled it at me when I thought him dead, and I fell. I do not know how long I have lain yonder under the shadow of the rock, but it must be long, for my limbs are wasted, and those who fell iu the fray are picked dean; by the vultures, all except Galazi, for the old wolf Deathgrip lies on Ma -"breast' dying, but not dead, licking my .bpother's woundB, and scares the. fowls away. ' It was the beak of a vulture, who had smelt me out at last, that woke 'foe from my . sleep "beneath the stone, Nada, and I crept hither. Would that -be bad not wakened me, would that I 3iad died as I lay, rather than lived - a 'little' while till you perish 'thus, ; like.', a 1«a n a /I fnv a i4 a intl tirnoait lilf I .rAle Ttiiaprcu UBUHJ wuw <. low.you.' \- " It is hard to die eo, Umsiopogaas,' -she, answered, 'I who am yet yonngaud fairj Whb love yon, and hoped to give yon children ; but so it has come about, and it may'.not be put.aw.aj. T arn well- mark nno/1 hitoKanil .. Ji nrr/tr and - TArif Jiaye couqpered mv, my . strength fails, bat I suffer little. Let as talk -no mare of foeath, let usfvtevpeak1 .rif 'our childhood, when we wandered baud- in hqnd ; lef us .talk also of our love, and <of ehediapoy hours that we ' have -spent since your greai are rang upon the rock jnJhp . Halakari', caves' and my fear told Si®pImjf£anhL.;, See, .T.tfarast my baud through tjfe bole yuan jpuriptkiaB it, UmlopogaasT. Now -Umsiopogaas staged Jhls - shat tered head, and Tkufsed the , Lily's little they sat till the end — he without; .reSt-; lying on her fiiflfl, nnr arm etretcried in iftflfolWld lAttb"rif(tiiBatey that haAJjppnandihpw.Hwent. <, Donbtieas ; she . net Dingaan on this path.' " ' A little whilh gone, -' quoth Umsiopo gaas ; ' and I hop that your test breath arid. "mine -foight pass ; together,1 Nada, and tiiaTbfogether whfolght.go to seek1 great , Galazi, riiy brother, ; yrhere he is.' Now l hope that help will fiod me, mdi that Iriiay live a little" while;". because" of a certain yerigfonce which . I would wreak.'. 'Speak not of vengeance, love,' she answered, 'I, too, am near to that land where the (Slaypr and the Bltiri; the Shedder of Blood arid the ' Avenger' of Blood are lost' In tiie same darkfoss. I wonld die with' love, and love ;only, in. my heart, and your name, and "yours' only, on my lips, so -thrit if anywhere weiive again it fehall bfi "ready to spririg forth to greet you. Yet, hosband, it .is in my heart that yon will not die witt mri/bat that r yon shall 'live on to - die' the greatest of "dekths far ' aifoy from" here, and because of : another ' woman. It sesms that,-jas Ilay: in the -dark-'rif- this cave; I saw=yoo, 'Umsiopogaas, -as great man, gannt and grey, striikftri to'" tile - death; and -ibe raxh GfiristfMikfer waving "plofti /'arid' riufoj'1 affotri'dehd' npon a white and, shjning.way," about yon titefoir faossof white women ; and Jronhad a-bole -in Jour forehead," huabanpntheTeft'Side.' 'That is' like to betrue, if T Jive,1 he ainawered, 5 for the "bone of my tefople ig shattered..:. Now Nadaoeased speakiog, and for: a loipwMle was "silent; : Umsiopogaas was alsofolent /and torn' with pain" arid sorrow- , "because Z he - mast ' lofo- the Lilv fViiin.. ami:., nkfl mnctf.. die bo wretdi&dly;' f tfrqne ' reason only; that the cast" of Faku bad fobbed iriirim his strength." Alas l he-who had "done, many-deeds. might notisave ber. now; he Cttnld scarcely 'hold " himself "upright- against the rock. He" thought of it, arid 'tbe tears flowed "down his face and fell on "to the harid; of . the'liily. She' felt thsin fail and spoke. 'Weep not, my husband,' she said,' ' I haVe been all trio 111 a wife to you. Do not weep for ' me.; yet' refoember that I loved you well.' Arid .again she was -silent for a long space: Tbrin she spoke for the last time of all,' rind" her voice came in a gasping whisper throngh the hole in the rock— 'Farewell, Umalopogaas, my husband and my brother, I thank yon for your love,- UmslopogaaB.' Ab !-I die !' Umslopogaas corild make no answeri£ ooly -he;watehed: the, little hand he held.' Twice.it opeped,; twice, >it closed upon bis own, then it opened- for the - third time, tnroed grey, quivered, and was still for ever ! Now, it was at the hoar cf dawn that Nada died. (To be concluded in our next ) 