TME Pl«A'KSOFTlVKTHKA. THE IN i.IFK, Is the course of an interesting article in the Player $ Mr. W. Davenport Adams soys Nor can ooo properly claim for the stage that It is, or ought to be, a dldaclie, civilising agenoy. No one could s aj, of course, that it does not oo* oasionally and lacidontally Instruct. To take an obvious examplo, a ShakamAAi-A Antiviral at tbe Lyceum ia admittedly a liberal education, i It supplies good literature, illustrated by skilful acting and by all tbat the painter, the musician, and the costumier oan do in the way of furnish ing appropriate sound and colour. Mr. Irvlng's ' Henry VIII.' is a brilliant picture of Tudor England, and informs quite as much as it de lights. Genuinely educational, indeed, are all those theatres in which special attention is paftl to the wisc-en-sodne : here the audiences are led gradually to a high level of (csthetio appre ciation. Incidentally and oeasionally a|play may enforce a useful aud salutary moral ; but quite as nfti-n the moral may (from certain points oi view/ oe oad, and still more frequently there may be no moral at all. Why should there be ? All that is asked of the theatre is that it shall not be actively immoral. It is not asked to be actively the reverse. All tbat the great public requires ot it is entertainment. That public goeB to the churches for its sermons and to the institutes for its lectures. At the theatre it expects to be diverted — not neoessarily to be made to laugh, but to be agreeably titil lated, whether it be by comedy or by romance. It comes, not to be wearied or disturbed, but to be pleasantly stimulated, to be recreated and re freshed for the more serious purposes of life. _ The stage, in fact, is one of the arts— pre- ciselv what it was alwava regarded as. until if occurred to playwrights to be moralists, and to critics to magnify tbeir office. We have now come to this pretty pass— that, at the bidding of tbe enthusiasts, art is declared to be life itself, or, at any rate, the only thing in life worth having. Art is life, of course, for the artist ; it is necessarily so, and rightly so. It is the calling at which he labors, and by which he lives. But it is not the life for the publie. Life could be lived, if necessary, without the , aid of art (and, I may add, parenthetically, without the aid of journalism). The artist poet, painter, musician, whatever he may be — i is inclined to think himself indispensable ; but he is not so. Art is the fringe, the ornament, ! the pleasure of life, and indulgence in it braces ! us for our duties as citizens and men. It | sweetens lite, and reconciles us to it. And is - not that a sufficiently creditable nlace to fill ? I Surely it is much to earn and receive the ad miration and gratitude of one's fellows? Let the preacher exhort and the lecturer instruct; why should the playwright seek to usurp their functions when he has a delightful metier of his own ? Those who would force the stage into rivalry with the platform and the pulpit arc doing it an exceedingly bad turn. They ; are not only divorcing it from art, but are de priring it of the thanks and the applause that art secures. ' The Theatre,' said Matthew Arnold, ' is irresistible'1 : but it isso only when it submits to the laws of its own being. When it violates these, it loses its magnetism and its charm. It is probably to the progress of the Th&itre; Libre in France, England, and elsewhere, that we owe the exaggerated claims to which 1 have referred. The enthusiasts, intoxicated by the success of the Independent Theatres, must needs desire that the whole world should have a share in their ecstasy. Because ' Ghosts,' and ' Th6r6se Raquin,' and ' A Visit ' have been applauded, the Advanced Guard are fain to desire that such joys sheuld be universally diffused. ?' Let the conventional theatre be de stroyed ; let the principles of independence reign in its stead. Let the old themes be dis eased ; abolish artifice in all its shapes. Let the drama deal with the burning questions of life; realism is your only wear.' I have from the first been in favour of an independent tkeati^, which should present plays unconven tional in subject and in form, and which should in particular, give a hearing to our younger and more ambitious playwrights. I have, person ally, derived the greatest intellectual pleasure from the performances promoted by the ' Pio gressists,' and am grateful for the opportunity of witnessing representations of the three dramas above named. I hope I appreciate Ibsen and even Maeterlinck as fully and as keenly as do the enthusiasts themselves. But because Ibsen and MaeterKnck are interesting to a certain number of theugbtful people, they are not therefore to be aeeepted as the models for all present and future playwrights. The enthusiasts go too far. They would hare Ibsen ism prevail. They would propagate only the ' life-like,' barely tolerating the romantic and the fanciful, tbe frankly artificial and the openly extravagant. They would turn the theatre into a lecture-room for the 6tudy of sociology. Should tbey succeed in tbeir aim, they would ruin the theatre, which, I repeat, is one of tbe arts, and when it ceases to please and to refresh, will abandon its true sphere in life. 