THE CROW. Iu folk-lore, the crow always appears as a bird of the most sinister character, repre senting either death, or night, . or winter. The Hindoos believe, on the other hand, that to eat a crow will prolong life by keeping the hair black and preventing it turning grey. In German Switzerland it is believed ihat a orow perohing cn the roof of a house in whioh lies a corpse, is a sign that the soul cf the dead is irrevocably lost. In Sussex its cry thrice repeated is considered a sure token of death. The Somalis, who in- . habit the shores of the Red Sea, wage deadly warfare against- the crow, which, they affirm, was created white,, but which in an evil hoar betrayed the hiding-place of the Prophet by an. untimely oroak. "For tbis offence hp cursed the bird of . ill omen, and it became blaok, sinoe whioh lime it has shared the fate of all orea tares when down in their luck,, aha -has been mercilessly hooted and: pepbed ! at and destroyed. The crow is called by Pliny a bird of ill- omened garrulity; niost inauspioious at the time of incubation or just after the summer solstice. The -appearanoe of a flight oi crows upon the left of their camp sufficed to cow the courage of the soldiers of old Rome, since they looked upon it as a certain sign of defeat, as certain as when the birds bevr-red over their stands. So Shakespeare's Cas tins presages misfortune at Philippi : Ravona, crows, and kites Fiy o'er oar beads, and. downward look on us As we n'era siokly prey : tbeEe shadows seem A csnopy most fatal, under wbioh Oar army lies, ready to give up the ghost. The Cingalese to tbis day draw angurips: from the movements of these birds; the direction of their fi ght, the numberB in whioh they assemble, the tone in which' they croak, their ohoiee of roosting-placas, all are held ominons of evil or prophetic of good fortune. Th;re are, perhaps; few who have not heard of crows that 4 One is Inoky, two is unlucky, three is health, fonr is wealth, five Bickness, and six death.' The nnlncMness of one living orbw is of anoient date, since the Greeks believed that if such, a bird ap peared at a wedding breakfast there would bo a divorce, to avert which all roared out : Maiden,; soare away the crow !' But of far greater antiqnity was the belief that if the one crow were dead "the evil portent also perished, since, according to Horus Apollo — 4 Hiero;?.' ii. 39— it signified extreme old age, or a very long life, according to what Hesiod tells us, as quoted by Plutarch in his ' Oracles, that the crow live# nine times as long as a man. The belief that two crows are a happy omen, and that tbey appear to warn men from disaster, is very ancient. Alexander the Great was thus saved in Egypt by two crows, and -Eong Alonzo would assuredly have perished in 1147 had it not been for two crows, one of which porohed on the prow and the other on the stern of his ship, so pointing the prow of the royal barge safely into port. Crows and rooks are .very much alike. It is said that when rooks desert a rookery it forhodes the downfall of the family on whose property it is. They are also credited with being good weather prognosticates. When the weather ia about to be very bad tbey stay as near home as possible ; bnt when tbey foreknow that it will be set fair, they start off in the morning right away to a distance, where thoy have an inatinot that the food they need is plentiful. Again, if the rooks are seen venturing into the streets of a town or village, it is a sure sign of an approaching snowstorm. To dream you, see a crow signifies expedi tion of business ; if you hear them croaking unpleasantly while they ate flying it is a sign of ill luck. If you see in your dream AVINm /\« 4-/\ A Vb A £ A - 4 -.bun uiuvy uruiK uu tu iuu Aieau » ' »» uai.iu, i u will he in danger of soma misfortune.— All the Year Round. 