MEMS FllOM THE METROPOLIS rlioil 0DB OWN COMlBSrOND KNTi SYDNKYi Tue.d&y.; Tub vote of oomuro ilcbato onina to a conolu. on ou Friday ovening at ail u clock, llio Hoo»« i nail sat ooiitlnuouily .Incu four o olook on TMiriJay, anil altliouuh it had huou arranged that a dUlinm should he taken carlyon Friday inorniug, certain members woro so ufllictcd with the orating itch thut they meant to havo their suy ueioro win mm rung. Tho Chamber on Friday had a yorydwa patcd appearance. It had an " out all oight look about it. Tlio floor was strewn with pieces of papor, und on tlio Beaches moo postured in various attitudes — somo were curled up like snails in a shell, others woro stretched at full length, and a detualiiucnt slept aud sunrcd with thuu buck to the wall and their facos to tho fou. Tho Minis terial anil other rooms wero full — every sofa carrying its muu and uvcry choir bearing a sleeping oceupuut, The lobbies were lively, howover. All through the night und day, kuown wlru-pulers flitted about, ehurged to tlio lips with busiuoss of deep import. Button-holing was resorted to In miiiiy oases. Tlio Government's position, whioh had improved on Wednesday or Thursday, looked worse than ever that night. Tito influence of outsido organisations was felt, and "crisis was assuredly 7u the air. Tom Slattory scouted tho only Mluister who kept a level hoad or who appeared unconscious of tho impending fato. He never lost his normal bnlunco. Tho others woro norvously exoitcd, and It was vory easy to sco that, while they hoped for success, thoro was so much wavoring about 'that thoy uovor could /col certain till tho numbers went up. Tho ladies' gallery— tho new atructuro ereotcd just over tlio Government Benches— was filled from an early hour, and one of tlio most oxcitod in it was tho Countess ol Jvrm»y, Shn (lirnituh tho loag and dreary debate— for It was tirusoino if somewhat exciting— till tho division was taken. Sho is a politician in every sense of tho word. In England, she was a Grand Primroso Dame, and boss of goodness only knows how many llabi- tutlons. Although sho has crossed tho sea, sho is still a keen observer of publio affairs, and takes much interest in our local squabbles. I am afraid when thu tollers— Mr. Booth and Mr. O'Bulllvan— handed in iho millibars, showiug 08 for their sido and 64 for tho other, that the forgot tho pro- Crioties and rattled her dainty fun upon hor oaiitifully- moulded hand and delightfully pear- shaped fingers. As becomes tho wifo of a Conservative, mid consequently a sturdy supporter of law aud order, sho was tor thu Government, and I am sure no one ia the Ministerial ranks was so satisfied as the Countess with the result. One could almost truce coursing down her cheeks these tears which deuoto excited satisfaction. Tho other htdies in tho gallury were ovidontly of tho samo opinion as Lady Jersey. Thoy applauded very doinonstrativfly, notwithstanding thut thoy know thoy wero committing agruvo offence against tlio rules of Parliament, and rendared themselves liable to be haled up beforo Sir Josoph Abbott, aud lectured in as severe tones as ho could assume tOWardfl ladles tnr Lttnic IniliiArAlInn lln nn.L.inlu resented tlio applause in tho Publio and Speaker's Gallery by threatening to clear tho galleries in future beforo a division. Tho scene following tlio division was about the most uxc.ting I uver witnusHod in tho Houso. Tlio ouly time I noticed men's feelings so intensely wound up was when tho late William Maotuay's motion condemning Sir Henry Parkcs iu regard to thut Fcuian discovery, which culmiuatcu in the famous or infamous Klaina ghost, was defeated. That was a timo wheu men's passions and prejudices wero running high, anu words ain hardly describe the wild turmoil, when tho votes wore declared. The lute Mr. Piddington led off with cheers for tho Queen, and thoy were given with vigour. The National Anthem followed, and Sir Henry looked in thu midst of his supporters a sort of deified apostle,— tlio apotheosis of loyalty. On Friday evening the sccno was almost equal to thut wild one enacted tnauy years ago iu the grey dawn of morning. Cheers were met by counter cheers. " Saved by treachery " yolicd George Ueid, " Saved by law and order " savagely retorted tho Premier. Iho Labour members who voted differently glared at e.ich other across tho chambers. And scarcely was the division over than half a score of those who voted with Mr. Reid rushed into the Ministerial room, and assured Ministers that uow the battle was over, thoy would tako their old places bchlud the Government. And, illogical as this may appear, ono cannot help agreeing with them. They have no moro to gain by allying themselves with Mr. ltcld aud his party, than with tho Ministry. If Georgo Houston had been in office, he would havo dooe oxaelly as Mr. Barton did. Whilo |tho law exists, It must bo maintained. If it is a bad or oppressive law, let it be repealed ; but no executive cuu stand still aod permit it to bo brokoo. What will follow tho battle, is now askod. Probably, wo shall get an Inkling when the House meets this ovoning. If Mr. Rem pursues a haras sing policy, he will find himself, I Imngiue, In tho noup. Ihore Is ao independent section of tho Opposition- that is to say thoy aro Freo Tradors, but nob office stokers— who see it is ridiculous to raiso the fiscal issue iu this Parliament, and they ask that tho busiucss of tho country shall go on. They rofuso to bo pawus in the gaino of chess botweon those In offiuo and thoso who want office. Too much of that sort of thing has gone on in tho past, and ao far as thoy oao thoy will set tbelr faces against It lo the future. If Mr. Reid, aud thoso who want to jump tho Treasury booches, want to huvo a row ou tho fiscal question, they must wait till tho goneral election. 1 should not be astouiuhed if the receut notion of tho Opposition leader really onded by giving tho Government a larger following,— a support that will render them more or less independent of tbo " wild cats " of the Labour Party. Ooo of tho most extraordinary things In oonnec- tion with the late division wus tho persistent inan- nor in whioh Mr. Toohoy, tho Protectionist reprosontatlve of a Protectionist constituency voted against the Governinont. Ho eubordioatcu his priooiple to his private feelings. It is gonerally known that ever sinco tho last olcctioo, Mr. Toohoy and tho Premier havo not been cousins. Tho former thinks it was through Sir Georgo Dibbs' aotioo, Mr. Walter Edmunds was defeated, and Free Tradors Wlsosnd Martin allowed to slip In. If Mr. Toohey is anything ho is a fast ami firm friend. Ho is a vory great admirer of Mr. Edmunds, aod ho, thoroforo, is having that rovongo now he swore to havo somo twclvo or fifteen months ago. llo, it will be romombcrcd, was very ourlous about tho Dibbs' mission, boforo tho Premier went homo, and ho has boon equally nasty about it since. Ho wus plied in overy way over this vote of censure. His brother implored him ; his friends bcsocohed him ; follow members begged of him ; but to no purpoeo. llo would wreck tho eauso and the party In order to strand tho Premier. Ho U evidently not so forgiving as Messrs. Gar- van and O'Sullivan, who had also private slights to rovongo, but thoy preferred to etaud by their prioolples. As the member for Quoanboyan nut it, when approachod by a engineer from tho other side, " Much as I dislike tho leader, I cannot givo a voto that will put back thoso priuoiplcs for which I havo struggled for ten long years." He, no doubt, is right, but after all, it was a bitter pill to havo to forego tho opportunity of giving Sir George ono for his nob. Sir Henry Parkcs is vory quiet. Ho took no oxtremoly uctivo part in tho late discussion. Ho spoke and voted in favour of tho vote of censure, but boyond this ho hardly placed himself In ovldooco. Ho Is lying in wait, icady to tako a hand when the time cotnoi. I havo not tho slightest doubt that ho is playing tho same kiod of waiting ganio he pursued so successfully a fow years ago, when ho dished tlio Farooll-Fitzpatriok Government by entering into a coalition w ith Sir eonn iiouertson. llo can sco that noithor Froo Traders nor Protectionists can do without the support of so unrali&hlo; a body as tho third or Labour Party. His honchmau and ancient fami liar, Mr. Hughey Taylor, monitor for Purra- matta, io now Ukiug soundings in deep watar. He Is feeling the way towards a coalition botweon Purkes and Dibbs. Tho latter would, no doubt, play s-cond fiddlo, but bow long tho coalition I would lost is quite annther quettloo. Sir Henry, you may depend, though he is so quiet just now, aod apparently sp careless about offioo, Is ready to make a spring when the time oomes. Thlo idea of ft ooftlttloiij It may be said, it popular yrltb to general publio, though no doubt a coalition whioh brought togother Roid and Barton, Lvno and Bruce Smith, O'Connor aud McMillan, Bee and others of a liko callbro, would be more to the publio taste. Regarding Sir Henry, thoro is an Idea that his prcsenco in politics is a block to progress, and tlio average doctor cannot somehow cotton to Dibbs. Ho Is never taken seriously, 1 heard a man— who occupies a leading position In tho political and morountito world— assort the other day that if each weru sent off with a gift of £10,000 u piece, it would bo the best duy's work tho Assembly ever did. It would save tbo tax payers millions In tho long run. The Minister for Works, Hon. W. J. Lyno, opened tho railwav from Culcalrn to Cowrn on Monday last. This lino is In the honorable gentleman's electorate, nnd ho is responsible for its coustruction. It is 40& miles long, and Is Intended to chock mato Victoria with regard to tho border trndo. No doubt, It will havo that effect, but without it, the present fiscal poliey of Vic toria would nrovo a drawback to the trado between both sides of tho Murray. Mr. Lyno was accom panied by sovernl mctnbora of Parliament, and no doubt all hands had a very good time of It at Cowrn. Thoy say tho town is a rather lively ono, and only rcqulros a Httlo shaking up, to show Itself iu its truest colours. Tho Commercial Travellers' Association of New South Wales has been paying complimonts to tho Chief Commissioner of Railways, Mr. Eddy. Recently an addross from that body was presented. It absolves Mr. Eddy from tho charges made against Mm and his management, and boars ample und willing testimony to tho general improvement In tho railways since Mr. Eddy took them over. This testamur coming from men who truvol so much, and aro going from one ond of the ooloay to tho other, is of exceptional value. 