AMUSING. Editor—1' Your manuscript was so badly spelled that we. found it almost impossible to. make , out the sense.of it, and-—'' Literary Aspirant—'' I—I'm very sorry, sir ; I- " Editor—" And so we have decided to use it as a French Canadian, dialect story. Cheque will be sent 011 publication." Mr Lotos—" Have you any idea whnt arc the relations • between that young Rivers Ide and and our Lena?'.': Mrs Lotos—" I dout know : ' the young people seem to be very close-mouth ed." Mr Lotos—" Hin ; sol thought when I discovered them ou the parlor sofa this evening." " "What are you cutting those oysters in two for, Bridget i" " -iiurc. mom, it's mcsilf thot's furgot whether you tould liio to dish up to each i>latc an oyster on half a shell or half an eyster on a shell." Fanglo—" I have just patented the greatest invention of the century," Cuiiiso—" What is it ?" Fungle—" A collar button which does its own swear ing when it rolls under the bureau." . " Have I done anything to offend you darling ?" he asked in a broken voice, feeling that a cloud was; passing, over his fresh young love. " To-day you passed mo in your carriage without bow and now you sit there with such an air of hauteur and prido that—that—I " ane lie ' broke down. . completely. " George," she exclaimed, " do not, pray do not, give way! Believe, me I love you as much as ever, but—I have a stiff neck !" I'm a worker from Workvillo—you bet that I ain; I don't tako no lip, for I'm nobody's lamb : I work for the workmen—north, cast, West and south, For the workiiigmau ever I work—with my . mouth.-: . Dude (at the railway restaurant?— Waitah, .-'."got any "green _ pease ?" "Waiter—"Yes, sir : have some ?";Dude —" Yass ; bwing me thwee." "Waiter— " Any thing else, sir ?" Dude—" Yass ; a strawberry cut in thin slices." "Waiter —"All right, boss; anything else?" Dude—" All, gwacious! What do you tako me foil; aperfcct hog, eh r" Miss Twitter—I want to ask you something, Mr Penn. I hope (blushing) you won't think me too forward. Stceio Penn—Have no hesitation, Miss Twit ter. Miss Twitter—I am going to have some handkerchiefs embroidered, and I was wonderiugif it would be safe to have the initials of my maiden name placed on tlicin. The young husband tasted his dinner and made a wry face. " Isn't there something wrong with these onions, my love ?" ho asked. "Oh, dear! I hope not!" responded liis wife, anxiously. "I took such pains with them, I even sprinkled Jockey Club on them before 1 set them to boil, to take away the un pleasant odor." The world is like a crowded 'bus ; A few good men, perhaps, May find a seat, hut most of us Must hang on by the straps. . Fcathcrstone—" Do you believe in ghosts? Travcrs—" Well, for years I have been living in a haunted bouse." Fcatlicrstone—" You don't tell ine r; "Who is it haunted by Tntvers—" By my tailor." "Wife—" You've been drinking again." Husband—" Can't help it, iu' dear— make me slio liappy, m' dear." " Hull! Makes you happy, oh ? I'dlikc to know why." " Bo (hie) cause I see two of you ui' dear." " I say, Yorick, do you know why you are so like a donkey ? " " Like" a don key !" echoed Yorick, indignantly. "No, I certainly don't." " Do you give it up?" "Pshaw! Of course I do." " "Well, because your better half was stubbomcss itself." "That's not bad! Ha! Ha! I'll give that to my wife when I get home." " Mrs Yorick," he began, later on, as he sat down to_ supper, " do you know why I am so like a donkey ? " He waited a moment, expecting his wife to givo it up. She looked at him some what couimiseratingly as she answered: " I suppose because you were boru so." Mrs Yorick had a deceased pet parrot stuffed, recently. Soon after it came houic.tho feathers began to come out, She went to the place to complain, whorcupou. the manager shut her up with: " Madame, you'Sliould rather give us credit for the way we imitate nature; "What bird did you ever see, no matter in what climate, that did not moult in its proper season ? " Mrs Yorick is now waiting patiently to see if the feathers come back again. He was on trial for manslaughter, and the legal luminary ivus trying to get him off by pleading madness. " Gentlemen of the jury," ho insisted, " you have here a poor, miserable lunatic, a downright madman." " Excuse me," broke in the prisoner. " Aren't you goingalittle too far!-"' "Gentlemen," coutiuued the barrister, " have you any further doubt on the point, now that you have heard liini contradict me! " A young barrister,occupying chambers iu the Temple, was taken by an old friend to a dinner at the home of two ladies—one a widow, the other the host ess, the letter's husband beiug in India. It so chanced that at this especial dinner the widow had cast off lier weeds, and the young counsel found it difficult to distinguish the married lady from the widow, they being very much alike he thought. " It's very warm," the lady remarked, fanning herself. '.'.Yes; but your husband has gone to a still warmer climate," responded the guest. The lady started, and simply stared at him over her fan. " My husband !" she re torted, " he is dead." " Oh, ton thou sand pardons !" replied ho. "I mistook I you for vour sister, whoso husband has | gone to India." It was in the old Catholic church in Buffalo (says the Chicago I'ost). In the midst of the service a little old Irishman, who was in the enjoyment of a fortune ho had worked hard to get, and who was the lessee of the second pew from the front, entered. Ho walked iuiprcs-. sively down the centre aisle, us becomes a man of independent means. Several strange ladies were occupying his pew. There was room for him, but that was not enough. He pluccd one hand on the back of tho front pew, and, with . a wave of the other, said in a voice loud enough to be heard all over the church : " Come out av that, now." Very much sur prised and confused, the ladies ; obeyed, and then thoy wcro treated to another sen sation by the lessee saying Now:! iu wid ycx agaiu, and make yourseh es aisy. Oi only wanted yez to know who owned the pew." Ho accompanied his com mand with such a sweeping gesture and winning smile that tho ladies complied and the interrupted priest resumed. In all article showing liow the earth's surface may ho changed in form by the action of the wind alouo, Mr George P. Merrill, of the Smithsonian Institution, writes in The Kjii/iiucrin;/ Mwjuzine for February: " The agency of the wiud does not end with the work of transport ing the sand and dust. Particles of sand drifting along before the -wind become themselves agents of abrasion, filing away 011 every hard object with which tlicy come in contact. As a matter of course this phenomenon is most strikingly active in the arid regions, though tho . results, when looked for, are by no means want ing in the humid Past. It is thought by Professor Egleston that the inscriptions on many of tho touibstoncs in the older churcli-yards of flew. .York City have become illegible by the wearing action of tho dust and sand blown against them from the street. There is to be seen in the National Museum, at Washington, a largo sheet of plate glass, once a -window in u lighthouse on Cape Cod. During a severe storm of not above forty-eight. Injurs' duration this bccauic 011 its exposed surface so ground from the impact of grains of sand blown against it, as to be no longer trausuareut uud to necessitate ts removak'' ' 