Crumbs. Anarchy. Epigrams. More light. Civic cheer. Hoj. sftthie. Council only. In Co:t;:oittee. Deep drainage. Tote dividends. Banknote profits. Good limes coming. Raid on private totes. Rout of McKinleyism. Was them things pigs ? Buddab and Buddhism. Triumph for freer trade. A cry from Broken HilL Hissing the Lord Mayor. More injustice to Ireland. "Some famous Temples." Silver still lower—3s. 2\ Jd. Rounds of congratulations. PJympton Races to-morrow. Butter bonus in the Council. Cleveland elected President. Too dense, ah me 1 too dense. Foli farewell concert to-night. Democrats gained everywhere, Christinas cards getting ready. Complicating our fiscal system^ Lord Kin tore as a peacemaker. Clouds of depre6s : on ro\liin» by. Obit.—Mr. Joseph James Keen. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 02. Wr'kerville wan»s a loan of £>DX Gei man steamer Essen quarantined. The I 3rd Mayor's Show a dull aifair. Touching letter from Mrs. Mary Lee. The Council made up for the holiday. Sir John says Parliament is sympathetic. Mayor Bullock was deservedly eulogized. Ultra- Prot'c-tionism doomed in America. Only two more nights of iiarry Rickards. Lots of controversial matter at tlie banquet. The Gariiuk Club mean to excel in "Caste. 1- "" The Australian baliot a success in America. Providence smiling on the Downer Ministry. Municipal meeting at Maid and Magpie tonight. Water water, everywhere, and plenty else to drink. Flower Shows at Glenelg and Trinity Church. Council anxious to make up for the holiday. Democrats v. Republicans—Democrats the favourite. The Mayor should have let Part XIX. alone last night. The Mayor sang well the praises of beam ful Adelaide. Legislative Council sat into the d : iner hoi'T on lhursday. Chance for Australian wool finding its way into the States. Decisive victory for the principles of commercial freedom. Legislative Councillors mourn the death of Sir John Morphett. The Garrick Ciub have secured another firstrate lady amateur. The widows and orphans of Broken llill mutely appeal for help. Mr. Copley must surely have "gone to Riverton for inspiration." " Real happiness at bottoji means wo.-'s," ays Baron de Rothschild. The Corporation of Adelaide is in a most happy financial condition. Unley ratepayers will have a talk tw-r' rht over Municipal elections. Mrs. Harrison Lee leading a crusade ajiinst the Miidura sly grogihops. Rev. W. Roby Fletcher, M.A., lectures at tbe Y.M.C.A. this evening. The McKinleyites played the old card of hesti'ity to England and failed. England's gift of local self-government was bestowed with no grudging hand. Sun rose at 4.51 a.m., sots at 6.37 p.m. Moon roee at 0.40 a.m., set at 10.46 a.m. The Boys' Brigade had a happy outing in the National Park on the ho 1 'day. And they eat and they eat and they eat. and thit's what they do at the banquet. Working classes of America have opencl their eyes to the evils of a high tar 1. That iribtaiy critic in the House is said tj have got bold of the wrongend of the stick. Ellen Wise, tiie ojpposed mother of that dead " fam ed' baby, and her brother arrested. The colcuy of South Australia continues to hold its own by the worthiness and honest industry of her people." Another «.inkle for tbe military expertinsist on the age, term of service in command being catried out according to regulations. The home system of five years in command of troops, battery, or company, might be - r ihered to with advantage. In cutting donn the small arms expenditure, tbe "expert" thinking about a Parliatrentaiy ttip to tbe working men's blocks? Can the c-xpt-rt on military matters in the Assembly show Lis certificates as having passed as "LituteiiKnt," "Captain,"or "Major?' "The graves of Broken Hill have voices, and they caM u)ion victor and vanquished to join hands in amity and mutual forgiveness." What is the use of tbe Americans trying to push a trade with Australia if they insist oa vessels if they return tn the States going back in ballast?" The verdict of the Ucited S'ates amounts - •o this—that the McKin'.ey tariff was a device for creating n-onopolies and benenting the few at the grievous expense of tbe many. At the present moment the bonded debt of Adelaide stands at £7£.7CO. Against thiE the value of real and personal property possessed by the Cuiporation totals £300,000. A military crumbster says that the best way to economy in our army is to disband the socalled 3rd regiment, weed all the bays out, and form two strong reg : Tents of say <:30 bayonets each. Our Staff Sergeant is doing tbe work of a late staff officer, and the patriotic military critic ought to be reminded that there is Btill & - staff officer left who, like the Field Artillery guns, is behind tbe age. Hon. G. C. Hawker, who never makes election speeches in tbe House, opposed tha stock tax as not only one on a special necessary of life, but one which could not assist the very deserving class of farmers. Fax.—If you have never visited India you' may not know by what means the Jlaiirattas contrive to lecovcr debts without tlie intervention of a Court oi Law. It is doae by dunning in this funny way. The creditor sits dfturiia, that is, he squats dewn at the door of the debtor's tent, and no one is allowed to ,-ro in or out without his permission. He r.;-ithi,r eats * bimseiC noi sutlers his debtor to eat, aud this famishing uniltst is carried on till the debt ie paid, or li!i tile creditor fee's that the want of food is hts endurable than the want of n.oiif-}'. When it i6 meant to be very strict, the claimant takes with himanumbar of his followers, who surround the tent, and even the bed of the debtor, aud deprive him altogether of food ; in which case etiquette - prescribes the same abstinence to himself, untii the strungest stomach carries the dfey. Moreover, wo ate told that the custdhi^of dhurna is universally practised by the good people of Mahratta, and that iu former times • a similar custom was so prevalent in the Province and City <•;' Benares that BralimiuB were specially trait:'.-.1 to fait for many dayaatta stretch. They were then tent to tho door of some wealthy man, where they made a vow to. remain without eating till they should receive a certain sum of money. *How the Dickens could be eat himself *—P.D. OBIT.—Philip de Mornay, Lord of Plessis, and Baron de la Foret-sur-Sevre, who died November 11, li&5, aged ecventy-four, was one of those active icdefatigusble beings whomanage during their earthly career to perform the work of half a dozen ordinary mortals. He was a French nobleman, an avowed Huguenot, a statesman, diplomatist, author,, and soldier rolled into one. He travelled in Switzerland, Germany, Italy, Austria, and England ; had an interview with Queen Elizabeth, returned to France, fled to England after the massacre of St. Bartholomew, returned to France, married a Huguenot widow lady at Sedan, was wounded and taken prisoner at the battle of Dorrcrme, was ransomed, became a member of tbe Council of Henry IV., of France, was sent as an .ambassador to the Cut ? 1 }aeen Elizabeth, was Superintendent tici > c Navarre during the wars of the League, ; the principal agent in procuring the Ediet of Nantes, was the author of a great many professional works,, wrote a treatise on the Church, .mother the- Truth of the Christian Uoiicion, another on the Euchayist, another entitled "TheMystery of Iniquity," obtained the appellation^! The- Protestant Pope," and gave up the ghost. 