T . G L E A M S < A Paris paper says that the late Emperor allowed - Eugenie — • two million linn Iwih.m francs—about .Kru.^ f 80,000— a year, of which she spent about one tenih armxkn on her wardrobe; but it is a ^ ^ to ^ that sl:e never wore the same dresg twi ^ ^ out ^ gome new fanta eyery day' of h(jr ^ Afc oach change <f f season she sent for her purveyors of modes, chose what she needed, tried her purchases on, and then troubled herself no more about the matter. ! The word " dad" for father is not slang, but pure Welsh, the language which was spoken in London before the Saxons and Romans came, To ^ your father "the governor" is, of ^ ^ el^g, «nd is aa bad as referring to him as "the boss," "the old man," or "the relieving officer." After all there is no better word than father. As for papa—well, only genteel" people say that. The upper classes use the word father, and the children of the Queen and the Prince of Wales were never ^lowed to H a n y other term but father and mother. Judicious praise is both right and useful. There arc families in which it would do a world of good. There are faithful wivts whose fidelity their husbands appreciate, but tlioy neglect to teU tLeln so. There arTchildrcn who* if not ,..„,. UCtW T, »UU .vould bo happier if their parents cheered them now and then with ahearty well done." There are excellent ministers who would preach better and be better pastors if their pcoplo were more like the lord in the parable. Many of us may learn a lesson that we greatly need from the divine words, " Well done, thou good and faithful servant." A French lady. Mile. Saint-Omer, is about to make a tcurof the world, following throughout a course south of the equator. Her travels will extend over a period of three years, and the lady proposes to devote much time to collecting'for the Geographical Society of Fans all kinds of data regarding the life of womcu and the training of children in the different countries which she visits. Her espotial atten- Ij™ w™, .^ven Afri^ Mile. I ^Stoler'^o^stteme^t" she made a voyage round the world two years ago, paying her own expenses. She takes 110 luggage with ner. Mile. Omer is sixty-four years of age. • The art of putting on a veil neatly and in a becoming manner is too little studied. Many j women dress deliberately and carefully; they i see that skirt and wrap are nicely adjusted, I and the gloves neatly fitted on and buttoned, i and then, in a last hurried moment, huiTy on the veil, in many cases tying an unsightly knot at the back of the hat or bonnet that . looks anything but taut or attractive, lt is the best plan to put on the hat before putting on the bodice, then the arms are entirely free. : One long pin and some pretty short ones are very useful in the arrangement of a veil, but besides the pins a good way is to take a needle threaded with some silk the tint of the veiL Put about fifteen fine stitches in eachendof the long straight strip of net or talle, draw these up into a little close cluster, and fasten tightly: then double the veil in one fold to come . . . ., \- ... , ,, d, r ? ctl L i' . FR0 P. T -. 4* the <?!? ot thu fold gather another little cluster and fasten. There are now no ends to fly at the back or to be clumsily tied, nothing but some compact gathers to bo fastened to each other with a fcniall bat pin. The gathers in front on the top of the veil are meant to give a little freedom to the face it covers, doing away with the uncomfortable sensation of a tight mask distorting every feature. The New York Sun says three women footed it in July and August last from the Indian Ocean over 200 miles to Mashonaland. They were members of an Episcopal order, and were trained nurses sent out to take charge of the hospital which has been started in that new country. The Bishop oi Mashonaland expected that provision would be made to carry these young women in hammocks into the interior, but the force of porters was unexpectedly email, and tho women ssdd they would endea- j vour to walk. With extraordinary courage they set out on the journey. There was no wagon-road, and for much of the way no paths were found. Tho party suffered terribly at 5 times from thirst. At night the bush was alweys alive with lions, hyenas, buffaloes, leopards, and other animals. At one time the partv observed two lions drinking quietly j thirty S ^ rods T from l Ebt-m. S J The i grass S S oftenf exi ! I soni« coeds davs 12 feet tha m height taravan for miles marched and md^, thrmie-h and some days the little caravan inarched through I ineeFsant rain. They suffered severely from- Uv o earners with whom they started only four 1 would have tried the strength and courage of j the stoutest men. They safely readied their j destination, however, and they are the first ! white women to have made such a journey j into the interior of Africa, theothers travelling "" Carriod iu im ^ ^ —- t m " 1 A romantic story comes from Bombay, where a certain John Lowther for many years a guard on the East India Railway, has laid formal claim to the Earldom of Miiltown, and has forwarded, through his agent, to the Milltown family solicitor the papers and documents on whicb he bases his claim. The circumstances are somewhat similar to those which Scott describes as embittering, the life of 1 ord Gh-nallan. Thethiid Karl of Miiltown 1 ad a son, who seems to have been a mouvais snjtl, and to have indulged in an amour with a pu tty girl, the daughter of one of his late father's tc-r.;-,nts. He would have married the girl 01 it-lily, but for the opposition of his family to what they considered a mcsalliancc. So he and tho girl passed over to Scotland, where they resided as man and wife. A boy was boniof tlie union, and when the child was two years old tho father was called to Ireland on imiKirtant business. Returning to Scotland after an absence of a few weeks, he IViuid that wife and child had disapfieared. AU his tffoits to trace them were in ' vain. He lived and died without marrying again, &&d; tho title aad wtatoa passed to a younger brother, ttut those who abducted the mother and her infant spared their Ines. though they had them conveyed across the seas. The mother soon died ; but the boy throve apace, and it is his great grandson wfao now claims to be tho eighth Earl of MJlltottH. ard assorts that his proofs aro so oonclu&ive; that even the law's delays cannot long keep hiui out of the possession of his "rights." The Countess of .Tersej contradicts the statement that she declined to patronise a jx-rformanee of Ib.-eii's "Ghosts' in Sydney on tl.tt ground that "'•no l.ady could act the i>;irb taken bv Miss .liiuet Achurcli." Lady Jersey, tn a .says:—"The play in question the reason stated above for refusing my patronage. Thefaots are briefly these—Miss ' Janet Achurch (Mrs. Charrington) very kindly offered to give a performance oE Ibsen's 'Doll's House for the benefit ot a fund now being raised in order to erect a Women's College m Sydney. My jatronage was asked, and, under ordinary circumstances, would certainly have been granted. I found, however, that great controversy as to the ! moral' —. . 1 eWof <.fti-.r.f- nf "this 1111 a particular TTll'flCIll!ir play Illtv existed AVljlfcAlj in Sydney, and the lady who first appealed to ; me to be present at the representation asserted ; that I should thereby manifest my adherence to i the views put forth in this drama, and do much • towards discing the objections raised to them , in many quarters. In fact, a considerable sec- i tion of the community .appeared . . to take Ibsen so seriously that ' they . were exalting - . « his t fancies " j, i into - a kind of religion. ii.^t^thnnrM I had hitherto thought • Ibsen too duU to affect anybody; but ex-pen- , enceshows that this is far from being the case either here or in England. I felt, therefore, unable to give the public mark of approval ; desired to dramas which, to my thinking, pre- ! sented repulsive characters and oermcious j i theories. On 3.-«i rung my objection Miss Achurch most courteously endeavoured to subsfcitiite stitute another niece piece for the 'Doll's House. House, . but found it impossible to make the change, Of course the various estimates of Ibsen's plays are^ mere matters Mine , happens to differ from that "held by Bliss ' Achurch and other intelligent critics, but I sorry that either Miss Achurch or her friends should think that I used on expres- ! disrespectful to one whose aetiou was tj^ghout^enerous and considerate. " b r,, , " „ j i .Stone .Stone rruit fruit gen generally speaking is less diges- . . tible ^ble when when eaten eaten raw raw than than any any other other desenpwhich . , . has been established . . in the -popular , ... , desenp- . tionslof fruit ; to healthy persons, however, j «hen ripe and consumed .in moderation its is not injurious. Plums have awjuireda character for disorder and durrh.va which they scarcely deserve. Undoubtedly with some]pers^sithey disagree, and, mdeed, with all if they are eaten ; immoderately or m bad condition, but tot they or fruits generally are the cause of the | regular autumnal or BritLsh cholera is a^fallacy j u J 1Ild "> consequence of the season at which plums are npe, the plum seasnr bemgcoin- ^ S ^ A ^ S P W S ^ E j ^ heat are most liable to that outbreak of acc- umulated bde. which is known as bowel complaiutoi English or summer cholera. a 