BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. During the month ending Jane 18, 22.295 aliens landed io Eifjjand. The msj >rity came irom Poland and Russia. The reported failure of his torpedo has pat Mr. Brennan on bis mettle, and he now announces that be has succeeded in despatching these weapons from vessels in motion. A good deal of ridicule was excited in Inndon by the fact that the advertisements inviting deposits with the New 0dentil Bank continued for some time after the suspension of payment. In the Home-park at Hampton-court recently, a magnificent oak, growing close to the Lmg Water, was almost completely destroyed by fire. The tree is said to be 1100 years old, and one of tbe eight largest oaks in Eogland. Public feeling; has been aroused in Sao Francisco in opposition to the wholesale immigration ot Japanese into that city. Every vessel from Japan brings a largs contingent, and they are uaderwoiking and underselling the white man and woman everywhe.-e. The London Gaslight and Coke Company has 2)00 mileBof mains and 11 manufacturing stations, where about 2,000,000 tons of coal are carbonised per annum. It pays in w»gea £800,000 a year, and has lately introduced the, eight hours system, which increased its pay- bill by about £70,000. The revenue of the Natal Government railways in 1890 was £636,713, as compared with an estimated revenue of .£469,300. The working expenses of the year were .£416,396, leaving a net revenue of £190,317, or £5 4i. 31. per cent, upon the capital expended upon the lines (£3,650691), which was raised by the colony at an average interest of 4 per cent, per annum. The so-called K ; ng of the Baltimore bicyclists received a classic burial. His body was placed on a black tricycle, ornamc-nted with little silver bicycles, on each side being three bicyclist?. Immediately behind followed bis five daughters and three sons on tandem tricycles, and behind them 200 bicyclists, all blowing a requiem on their " warning bugles. It is staled in a telegram from Constan tinople that, as a result of the recent trials of the various kinds of smokeless gunpowder used by European nations, the German smokeless powder has been found to bs not much better than the French, which latter is extremely unsatisfactory, Th^Austrian powder Is stated to ba by far the best. Turkey will probably adopt it. A Board School boy in the old country waE recently given some questions in physiology. The following was one of his answers : — " The body of a person is made np of the head, the thorax, and tbe abdoman. The head contains the brains, if there is any ; the thorax contains the hart and lungs; the abdoman ontainB the bowels, of which .there are five, s, e, i, o, n, and sometimes w and y." A married woman complained to Mr. Powden, at tbe Wandsworth police court, London, on Jane 10, of having been sold by her hw>- ),and. Mr. Plowden: "Ho* much for ?" The wife : " Half-a-crown." Mr. Plowden : "Avery cheap bargain." The wife said she had bpen really sold, and she asked whether she was compelled to live with the man. Mr. Plowden said that it was all nonsense, and he directed "ber to vtand down. A Dr. Allinson has had his name removed from the medical register in Great Britain for "infamous conduct"—the said infamy consisting in his writing weekly letters to a newspaper, over his own name, in which he ventured to advise patients how to deal with email ailments. At the iuquiry it came out that some counted it an offence to have COUL eelled those with wa ts to go to a chemist for a caustic instead of to a medical man. Mr. Savi, the well-known superintendent ot the elephant kheddahs at Dacca, has brought dawn this season the enormous number of 266 of these animals from the heart of the G iro Hill*, It is probable that they had never be fore seen a human being, and they were cer tainly unaware of the arts by which elephants were caught; for hitherto this large tract of country had not been hunted, owing to the difficulty of making a road by which to get out the new captives. A sample of sugar (says the Cincinnati Enquityr) was received at tbe Custom- house recently by Appraiser Burdsal from Germany. It is made from coal and is 300 times as sweet as ordinary cane sugar. The smallest quantity on the end of one's finger will sweeten the coff «e of a whole family. It is jast the least bit more expensive than ordinary cane sugar, however, as it coats lOiols a pound. It came through the Custom-house under the tariff law as chemical salt. According to the Tourists* Church Guide there are now in Great Britain 3918 churches as against 3138 two years ago, in which the eastward position is adopted. Ten years ago the number was only 1662. In 1690, altar lights were used in 1402 chnrches; in 1892 the number had risen to 2018. Vestments were, two years ago, worn in 717 churches ; this year in 1029. In 1891 incenBe was used in 135 churches. This year the number is 177; ten years ago it was nine only. The total valua in 1891 at the mines and work? of tbe 33 different kinds or materials Which G-eat Britain produces was £91,000 000, of which, in round numbers, coal contributed £74 000,100, stone £9,000,000, and iron ore £3030,000. The quantity of silver obtainable ta^ 0 M prouoed from mines in tbe United K'ngdom emounted to 279,792 z, value £52,534 The amount of silver t uition and spec<e imported lait yew was £9,315,598, while £13,060,866 was exported. Madame Patli has resolved to return to the United States next year for a somewhat longer tour than that which she has just terminated. Daring the past winter she gave 37 concerts in about five months, but n*xt year, starting in the ear'.y autumn, she purposes to give, under the direction of M. Marcus Meyer, c series of 45 performances, several of which will take place at Chicago during tbe International Exhibition sea'cn. Madame Patti will receive the enormous eum of £40,500, or at the rate of £9C0 per concert, p'.us all travelling and other expend?*. SirElwin Arnold, writing of children in Japan, txplains that oae reason for the good behaviour of tbe email people there is found in he fact that there are so tew restrictions placed upon ihtm. The simple style of furniture in their bom.>i>, ami the absence oi articles they mast avoid which would make prohibitions necessary, renders their lives very easy in contradistinction to tbe English juvenile life, hedged about with a bristling abattis of " doots," which probably account? for a very prevalent masculine dislike to articles of vertu. It ia exactly a quarter of a century sicce the first mechauicil weaving loom was established in tbe Yogtland. The town of Greiz, which iB still at tbe heed of the dress stuff weaving business, leads the wey ; but Re : chfcnbach, Piaut-n, Mielau, and Ne'zschkau, soon followed. Tbe hand-weavers at first believed that they would be ruined by means of the mechanical looms and instituted a riot in Gre'z. To-dav, however, they are well able to see that their fears have been unfounded, and that without the mechanical looms the industry could never have developed as it has done. American Indians are beginning to assert themselves. The other day one of tbe leading chiefs of the Sioux sent a letter to Washington arraigning the Government for its treatment of his people, and demanding justice. The chiefs name is " White Gaost," and the document rather startled the Commissioner of Indian Affairs by the vigorous, logical, and even elcqeunt language in which it was couched. White Ghost had discovered that his Indians were being swindled by tbe loc il agents at tbe reservation, and be made such a trenchant ex posi of the whole affair that an investigation was to follow. Notwithstanding the splendid backing Gene' ral Booth's recent appeal obtained, tbe public are not coming forward with further funds for reforming the " Submerged Tenth," and the organisers of the scheme are said to be at their wits' end. Its opponents gibe worse than ever. A correspondent of the St. James's Gazette, for < sample dec'ares, many people have been puzz'ed by the term Submerged Tenth. His explanation is that some months ago Mr. Booth asked tbe public for a million of money He got £1C0,000—that is the tenth. That £100,000 has disappeared. That is the Sub' merged Tenth. Midwav between wine and water stands tea (tbe St. James's Gazette observe?), and some figures as regards the consumption of tea may be found interesting. The largest annual consumption per head is in Western Australia, at 10 701b.; Great Britain figures at 4 70, the United States at i 40 ; Germany stands at *07; and France at 03. Tiia record, then, as to "slops" is that Australia is the greatest consumer by far, while continental nations, even including Russia, come a loDg way behind the United Kingdom. But, on the other hand, France and Germany drink a great deal more wine per head than tbe British do. There died recently in Hungary, at about the same hour, two ladies who served in 1848 in the Revolutionary Army, and fought in several of the fiercest battles dressed in military uniform. Oae of them was several limes promoted, and, under the name of Karl, attained the rank of first lieutenant of Hussars. At this point, however, an artillery msj or stopped her military career by marrying her. The other fought under the n&me; of Jasef, and was decorated for valour in the field. She married loog after the campaign. A Hungarian paper, referring to the two c*sen, says that about a dczm women fought in 1848 in the Insurrectionary ranks. It appears from a commnnication to the Rigsday that the Danish Gtveroment has under consideration some vety large building schemes in the ecsuing years, considering its limited resources. They include a new National Library, to cut £122,000, exclusive ot site ; a new metropolitan school; enlargement of tbe Theatre Royal ; a new technical college for teachers ; a new observatory ; removal of tbe arsenal to a mire convenient site (at a cjst of £120/00); new barracks fov tbe Life Guards ( o cos", £45,000) ; and finally there are the old plans tor the rebuilding of Christiansborg Palace, a new House of Parliament, and new central railway station. Tho extent of arid lands within the boundaries of the United S^atea is greater than is generally supposed. According to a recant report of a committee of the fl.«uae of Representatives the arid reaiono, including the semiarid plains, embrace 1,340,000 tcpare miles, of which about one-fourth lies in the great plains region east of the Rocky Mountains ; another fnur.h in the Rocky Mountain belt, not more than one-third of which is arable; threeeighths in the great basin and plains region between the Rooky Mountains nod the Sierra Nevada, about one-half of which is arable} while the remaining o&e;*eighth, lying in the ranges of the Sierras, is in the main rocky and hcsja^le of cultivation. A new type-3etiing machine is amongst the latest American inventions. It is asserted that it does the entire work of composition, setting ordinary movable type with far greater speed, accuracy, and artiet : c effect than has before been accomplishod by any other method. The machine automatically distributes and at the same time sets the type indicated by the operator, automatically spaces and justifies the matter without men'al tffjrt on the part of the operator, places it in a galley ready for book or newspaper as desired, records the number of liues set, and " leads " the matter as and' when required. The Chicago Tribune, wbicb gives these particulars, says that ic ii known as the " Paige Compositor.'' A very pretty dilemma la that in which a correspondent of tbe London Atoning Post fiaus Limsell situated :—" Shortly, my case ip thie : I am a soldier, conn- q-iently not a po!'- tician. Nevertheless, for borne insciuiable reason, I am saddled with a vote. My sympathies are naturally for tbe Union and the Empire ; but my professional chances all lie in Mr. Gladstone returning to power, lor tbe simple reason that, except under him, we see little or no fighting, LTJ Salisbury sceme ready enough to fight it necessary ; but then it never comes to fighting when > e is at th. helm, and, with the exception of frontier exhibitions in India, which are chronic, we have no email wars, not even in E^ypt or the Cape." A London contemporary leports :—"A specimen of the bark clotb prepared by the natives of Uguida has been added to tbe Botanical Museum at Kew, London. Tbe material is the inner bark ot a species of Brachystegia, belonging to the natural order Lsgumino'se, which growB in tropical Africa. Tbe bark it boiled, and beaten out into cloth, then made into kilts and other article?, such as canoes, bags, and ropes, ^ e may also mention that specimens of tbe fibres and cloth formerly made from the Spanish broom or ' genista,' bj the peasants of Lodeve and Languedoc, have been received at Kew. Tbe indivsiry is dying out, but still lingers on in these days of cheap printB among the remote hamlets of tht Cevennes," A very sensible article entitled " The Case for Moderate Drinking," appears in Blackwood for June. The autbor, Dr. Faiqubarson, holds that all stimulant is unnecessary for the young and perfectly healthy. But under the stress and struggle of modern civiliBBtion few of u e beyond middle age are, he fears, placed under normal physiological conditions, and a little alcohol helps as to round the corners and to plsne away the asperities of existence. In turns it may be a stimulant, or a sedative, or a tonic, or a digestive, or an actual food, and unless we run on into excess no physical damage can possibly be done to our tissues The arguments in its favoT when wisely and prudently used seem complete. It does ne good, and can do us no barm, then why not use it t The New York Grocer says:—" For the firet quarter of 1892 the European deliveries of coffee were 99,339 tons, A gain over the same time in 1891 of 1451 tons, bat 7853 tons IPBP than for the corresponding period in 1890 Can it be that poor crops abroad have reduced the consumptive requirements of continental E jrope ? The eituation is in marked contrast here, where crops have been abundant, and where the consumption for the first quarter of 1892 is ahead oi the same time in previous years. In 1892 it reached 171,585 tons for the three mor.ths ended March 21, against 158.896 toes in 1891, a gain of 12,689 tons, or about 8 per cent., a very good siowing. In 1890 the deliveries were 163,226 tons. These figure*- ind'eate how other things than the eizi of coffee crop3 must be considered in forecasting the future of a market." The Aastrian Minister of Agriculture confirmed in tbe Reicbsrath, on June 14, the r& port that the catastrophe at P.z bram, in which over 400 lives were lost, was caused by a miner throwing the burning wick of his petroleum lamp among eome ii flammablt material. It seems that the man, who named Havelka, confessed bis criminally thoughtless act to the priest in the confeS' sional, and at the earnest advice of the latter gave himself up to tho authorities. He bad not been able to sleep or eat since the fire, and has, indeed, been almost out of bis mind. I appears that the wick in h;s lamp bsing nearly burned out, he put in a new one, and threw the old wick away into a place where the woodwork, being very dry, caught fire at once. He and his three companions then coolly ascended without troubling any further about what became of the burning wick. They have all four been Arrested. It ia a very umal thing (says Hearth and Home) to meet sensible people in London who deplore the undoubted fact that young girls will make up, at any rate while they are in London, will dye their pretty fresh cheeks, outline their already sufficiently-marked eyebrows, redden their lips, and change the color of their hair. But what will such people say wben they hear of a baby two years old " making up," or, rather, " made up ?'' Yet, such a little monster exists. In America a rather well-known and pretty woman, who goes much into society, does up ber infant child as elaborately as sbe does up herself. It nry be seen at Saratoga in the season, looking 1 ke a fashionable actress Its baby eyes are artificially brightened. It bas false eyebrowc, cheeks picked out with rouge and whitened with powder, and carmine lips. Wi h its baSy bonnet is put on a false fringe, and in its ears glitter big diamond solitaires. It is expected that the Emperor William II. will arrive in the Solent, from Wilhelmabaien, in his large steam-yucht, tbe Hoherz illerr, either late on the night of Sunday, July 31, or early on the morning of Monday^ August 1 (the London World of June 22 assir*) The Emperor will prob tbly dine at Oiborne with the Queen on the Monday, and dinner will be served in the new banqueting hall, which has been sumptuously decorated in Oriental fashion. On the Tuesday, August 2, the Emperor is to he present at tbe annual house dinner of the R>yal Yacht Squadron at. the Cattle. His Majesty will be occupied for two or three deys with the regattas, acd he intends to be on boaid his own vessel, the Meteor, during the race tor the Q i9en's Cup. The Emperor will probably pay a etrictly private visit to tho Duke of Counaught at Portsmouth on Friday, August 5, and next day he is to sail for Wilbe^mahafen. The Daan of the Denial Hospital of London (•"ays a London contemporary) bas done good service in warning the public against the numerous circulars, pamphlets, manuals, aLd other advertisements, by so-called dentists, which nowadays find their way intj so many housec. Many of these advertisers, he tells ns, are without a dental qualification or any hospital training, and as a result, a large amount of malpractice is daily carried on. He then proceeds to give the information by which the public may be able to judge between a qua'i- ti«d and ucqualified practitioner. More than 30 years ago the Royal College of Surgeons instituted a curriculum for dentists, consisting of two years' hospital training and three years' study in a dental laboratory. After passing an examination the student is placed upon tbe Dantisto' Rsgister, and can write L D.S. after his name. At the end of the Medicit Dir c- tory will be fcuidalist of dentists so qualified, together with the appointments which thty hold. The Cologne Gazette tells an extra rdin ary itory of revenge. At Amay, in the district of Hnr, in Belgium, it says, a young man was about to be married to a young lady, wbeu he engaged in a flirtation with another. This wai o 1 j jcted to by the young man's betrothed. One day a trip to the forest was arranged by the offended lady, with three lemale companions. The promised bride invited her rival to accompany them, which invitation was innocently enough ecceptfd. The forest wrs invaded by the little party, and at a givrn signal the four city beauties fell upon the unsuspecting girl. They beat her black and blue, and dealt her a dangerous wound upou the head. Then, with a cord around her, they drew her up to the bough of a tree. A lettercarrier passing at the tim9 interfered, but be was set upon, scratched, and bitten, and driven away. A second champion soon came up, and, with the assistance of the postman, put the women to flight. Ths newcomer discovered in the lady his fister. The girl still lives ; but the doctors consider her life to be in danger. The ordinary, or, literally, "garden,"sundial is not up to date. It has a knack of "getting out," it ia said, as much as 16 minutfB. This erratic behaviour is of but small importance in E gland, at there is not mich sun, and no one here thinks very highly of a sun dial unless it is old and covered over with ivy, and then 16 or even 60 minuites divergence does not affect its utility. In India, S inth Africa, South America, and Australia, however, there are numerous placas with plenty of sunshine, at a distance from any railway, and where there are no means of corrcc.ing clocks and watches. To supply this absence of corrfct lime, M«j >r Gjneral O iver, G.M G., has invented a mean time sundial which gets over all ordinary eun-dial eccentrics, and may be set to show any r. q-iired standard time any-where. The invention is clever, and although General Oliver modestly speaks of it as a scientific toy so far a* England is concerned, there is 110 doubt it will be of gre^t practical utility under the conditions of locality mentioned. A correspondent writing from New York under date June 18 says" The intense heat, which haB gone beyond lOOdeg. in many parts of the Mississippi Valley,has been accompanied or followed in several instance* by severe' storms, especially in the upper valley, with the terrible inverted cone of whirling vapour and dust, which destroys everything in its path. Of course storm stories are always exaggerated at first, but there iB no Houbt that within the last ten days at least 100 lives and many millions of property have been destroyed. Take a single incident, which has been verified, to show thetfLct that a summer storm may at any time have in the relatively level reaches in the Upper Mississippi valley. Oa the night of June 15 a freight train was working its way through tbe darkneBS cl a heavy rain in south-eastern Minnesota. A fl ish of lightning revealed to tbe engineer an immerse obstruction of eome sort directly across the track, and be had barely time to stop his train before striking it. The tiain men, with lanterns, climbed out to make an inspection. To their wonder they found that the oljuct was a house that had been lifted from its foundation, carried some distance, and dropptd a beap ot wreckage across the track. Under the ruins were found six people, all badly, and two fatally irjured. Nor waB this a solitary instance. About 40 miles of the railroad corresponded pretty closely to the track of the cyclone, and it was rendered impassable for some 24 hours by the wrecks of houses, barn 0 , and trees deposited on the trrck, whilst numerous bridges were carried away, Ia one instance a train was blown from the track, though fortunately little ujaiy was done." 