f^inklingd. Strike still on. Federal foolery. All Saints' Day. Melbourne Oup. £30,000 for a horse. Mr. Grainger in a pet. An outsider wins the Melbourne Oup. Somebody has blundered over the steel pipes contract. A Yankee has given £30,000 for the racehorse Ormonde. Port Augusta Diocesan Collection now Btands at £8,317 Is. 6d. The McKinley tariff turning out a great success in the United States. Adelini Patti gets £1,000 a night for 40 nights in America next year. The severe sentence on the strike leaders is generally condemned. Don't forget the Hibernian Picnic at Jordan Park on Wednesday next. Lord Onslow, late Governor of New Zealand, eulogises the Labor members of Parliament. Banquet tendered to Mr. John Hennessy, an old resident of Orroroo, on his leaving. Ohoynski has reversed his previous defeat by Goddard—knocked him out in fifteen rounds. Sir W. V. Harcourt is to lead the House of Commons during Mr. Glad stone's absence. The South Australian Labor members were not successful in their attempts to settle the strike. Sir Edwin Smith appears to think that he should be able to buy the Labor vote by liberal bribes. The Speaker referred to Mr. Bounsevell as " the hon. member for Burra." Not yet, by a long way. The London Times is pleased at the condemnation of the Broken Hill Strike leaders. Of course. Mr. Gladstone does not intend to attend daily in the Bouse of Commons during the coming session. Will some of our dilatory subscribers take Father Hacket's advice as to the duty of paying one's debts ? Mr. Castine made a Billy exhibition of himself by his stonewalling Mr. Brooker's motion for a trades hall site. The Bishop of Wilcannia (Dr. Dunne) advises the men at Broken Hill to declare the strike off. Good advice. Max O'Rell thinks the people of Mel bourne a light, frivolous, pleasure-loving race, evidently not destined for greatness. Mr. Henry Matthews, the Hanging Home Secretary and renegade Home Ruler, has paid a dying visit to Adelaide. There are now 27 Italian Cardinals and 24 of other nations. The proportion of non-Italians has not been so large for several centuries. ThePrinceBB Marie of Edinburgh, in marrying Ferdinand, Crown Prince of Roumania, allies the Royal Family of Englahd with a Catholic house. An American Catholic paper, by a comical misprint, refers to a well-known work of the late Cardinal Manning's as " The Infernal Mission of the Holy Ghost." Sir John Downer, Mr. Playford, and others, who have always opposed the granting of a site for a trades hall are supporting it.now, which meanB that the elections come off next year. The Register Broken Hill correspon dent, whose animus against the strikers has -been most marked, now admits that the Defence Committee have a majority of the men with them in deciding not to declare the strike off. Stuart Knill, the first Catholic Lord Mayor of London, is a graduate of the University of Bonn, and a member of the Archaeological Institute, in the proceed ings of which he takeB great interest. In politics he is a Conservative. The House of Assembly was thrown into a state of commotion on Tuesday because a stranger unwittingly entered its sacred precincts. The alarm bells were rung, ana .the Sergeant-at-Arins was summoned in great. haate to eject the intruder. 