''HOW SHALL WE DKCIDB THIS QUESTION?' Now, which ti tho worse— to havt no appetite for your dinner, or have no dinner for your appetite? Thora are lots of people on tho ono side or tha othor of this quoatinn. When ' good digestion waits on appotite nnd health on both,' that is tho ideal attitudo of a pernon towards his meals. But most of us aro nut blossed in that way ; we oither have too much ioou witnout uu appoLiio, or a vigorous uppn tite without enough to Hatiwy it. DiiTeruut folk will answer this question differently, yet tho oonimon fenso of it is that, within rolson ablo limits, it is better to have an appotito without a dinner, boaause, short of tho utarva tion lino, a hungry man is a healthy man; whereas a man who ought to eat and doosn't feel liko eating, stands in need of 'alterations and ropairs.1' To illustrate. Wa recently received a com munication in which the writor says, ' I was afraid to eat.' Did -ho fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature robel against tlio nourishment lived on? If tho latter, whyf Let him cloar tho mystery himself. Ho says, ' In the year 1889 I changed my work. fruui . railway porter to nigualmau. I had been signalman twelva months, nnd tbon all at onoo, so to speak, I did not feel mysolf . My month tasted bad, f-o that ordinary articles of diet soomod to lose their flavor ; tbo palate, to put it in that way, appoared to havo nothing to Bay to thorn. Ono thing waa liko another, and nono was good. My touguo wan coated and furred, with a dark lino down the middlo and yellow fur round it. My broath was offensive aud my appetito poor, with pains through tho chest aud fihouldors, whioh were always right beforo I had eaten. nuy- thing. Thon, 1 was greatly troublod with wind. It would gather bo it foil like a hull in my throat, and aut as if it would choke me.' Wo cannot wonder that undor thoso cir onmsUuoOK our friend failed to do ju'stioo to his meals. Ho adds that thoro was what ho calls ' a pricking sensation' at his heart, us though' it' wera touched with some shnrp inhtrumont. Then, again, at times ho rnu attacked with upasmn, the agony of which wai soBovorethat the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded,'' ho saya, ' tha thought of eating,' andmunva scanty meat ?,ava I made, for I was afraid to eat. 'Aftor a time I cot into a low, weak; nor vous ooudition, and felt miserable, as if snmo-- thing was going to Impnou, and this oanbod mo to lose a good deal of sleep.'. ':: What he means by the fear of ' somothing going to happen' is, of course, the foar of somo calamity, such as tho loss of his posiv tion, hia own death, or the death of Homebody, dear to him. This was duo, as ho intimatos, to tho impoverished stato of his blood (tho Ufa bearorj, his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeibled by lack o{ nourishment. Tho night of this form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of » restless and unRovornsd imagination. ' With great difficulty,' ho b».vb, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family do [luiulinor ou me. So I straggled on, but what' I aufforod for two years ia past my powers of description. / mi sura no one has sufjirtdto j mucTi as / have done.' In tho latter statement ho is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is one's own, and is always harder to boar than la ouo'a notion of his neighbor's pain. Tharo is a countloss inultilndo who aro all tho whilo going through tho fiamo wrotchod orporionco, only wo don't happon to come iu touch with thorn. Woll, tho writer finally mentions that nftor (ill Tttouioul troftttnoot lind loft utro whors it found him ho chanced to road in a book of a oniio txuctly likii /iii otcn h&viou; boon ourod by Mothur Soigol'H Syrup. ' My wifo,' ho nay« 'cot mo a bottle at Mr. Lauirstaff't, in Woodlosford, uud r.ftor using iti coulonts tho ailment luft mo and bos novor roturnod sinco that fortuuatu day. 1 nhould liko tho wbolo world to know what it did for me. I havo boon omplorsd by tbo Midland Railway Com pany for olovon yours. (Signed) ' Gkoros Hunt, ' Cur Bottom-road, ' Apporloy Bridge, near Leods.' Wo ptiblish this by Mr. Hunt's dooiro, in order that that part of tho world at least may kuow how thankful he is and for what roaxon. Mr. Snaiollo had a orowdod honso whon ha appoared at Waipukurau. He U still working 