STORYCOLUMN. A 1IFE FOR A LOVE A Story of To-day. ByL.T. MEADE. 'Author of "Sbampand I," "Oastio Mary," T . " Beforehand," " Daddy's Boy," &o.; tt. qusensuim Rjohts Rxsbrvxd.1 CHAPTER XLIX. . ' I believe so, sir,' the servant said. 'Ask if I can see him.' . ' Mr. Paget is not very well, sir. and it Is late.' 'Ask if I can see him.' The fnotmnn turned n little mirlv. I'll inquire,' he said; 'he's sure to say no, but I'll inquire. Your name, if you please. My master will require to know your name.' ' I am known as Brother Jerome. Tell yonr m'aiter that my business is urgent. Go ; 1- am in a hurry.' 1 'Ram party, that,' murmured the servant. ' Don't understand him ; don't like him. All the same, I can't shut the door in his face. He's the sort of party as has seen better days ; 'ope as the umbrellas iB safe.' Then he walked aoross the hall and entered bis master's study. The room, with its old oak and painted glass, and eleotrio .light, looked the per fection of comfort. The toll, white- headed man who sat crushed up in the big arm chair was the envied of many. ' If you please, sir,' said the servants ' Yes ; don't leave the door open. Who yrexe you ohatting to in the hall f . ' A man who has called, and wants to see you very particular, sir.' 'I can't see him.' 'He says his name is Brother Jerome.' .ieirtii'I can't see him. Go away, and shut -v.-the door.' .. ;?: ( j knew it would ho no use,' muttered the footman. ' Only he seems a sort of a gentleman, sir, and in trouble like.' 'I oau't see him. Shut- the door and go away!' ' ' Yes, you can see me,' said a voice. The minstrel walked into the rooin. ; ' Good heavens I' At the sound of the vriice the. footman fell baok as white as a sheet. Mr. Paget rose, walked over to him, took him by the shoulders, and pushed him out of -the room. He looked the door behind . him. Then he turned, and backing step by step almost as far as the window, raised his hands, and looked at his for bidden visitor with a frozen expression of horror. Wyndbam took his hat off and laid it on the table. Mr. Paget raised his hands, covered his face with them, and groaned. \--' Spirit ! ' ho said. ' Spirit, why have you come to torment me before the time ?' ' I am no spirit,' replied Wyndham, ' I am a .living man — a defrauded and in jured man — but as much alive as you are.' 'It is false — don't touch me — don't come a step nearer — you aro dead — you have been, dead for the last three years. On. April 25, . 18 — , you committed suicide by jumping into the sea ; you did it on purpose to revenge yourself, and since then you have haunted me, and made my life as hell. I always said, Wyndham, you would make an awful ghoBt— you do, you do.' ' I am not a ghost,' said Wyndham. 'Touoh me, and you will see. This wrist and band are thin enough, but they are alive. I fell into the sea, but I was rescued. I came to you to-night — I . troubled you to-night because you have j. !,,t>roken our contract, because What .the matter? Touch me, you will seel am no ghost.' Wyndham came nearer ; Mr. Paget uttered a piercing shriek. « Don't— -don!t,' he implored. You are a lying spirit; you have often lied — often— to me. You want to take me with you ; you know if you touoh me I shall have to go. Don't— oh, I heseooh of you, leave me the little time longer that I've get to live. Don't torment me before the time.' He dropped on his knees ; his streaming white hair fell behind him, his hands were raised in supplioation. 'Don't,' stud Wyndham, terribly dis tressed. 'You have wronged me bitterly, bnt I, tpo, am a sinner ; I would not willingly hurt mortal on this earth. Get up, don't degrade yourself. I am a living' man like yourself. I have oome to speak to you of my wife — of Valentine.' ' Don't breathe her name. I lost her through you. Ho, you are dead — I have murdered you — your blood is on my soul —hut I won't go with you yet, not yet. , Ha ! ha ! I'll outwit you. Don't touoh me ! ' > He gave another soream, an awful oream, half of triumph, half of despair, prang to the door, unlocked it ana vanished. . Wyndham took up his violin and left the house. 'Mad, poor fellow,' he muttered to hiniself. ' Who'd have thought it ? Even from a worldly point of view what fools people are to sin. What luck does it ever bring them? Ho made me his aocom- plioe, his victim, in order to hoop his daughter's love, in order to escape dis honour and penal servitude. Ho told me the whole story of that trust money — to be his if there was no child, to be kept for the' ohild'if there wos. Ho was a good felloV before he got tho trust money I haye no doubt. The friend died, and aoon afterwards Paget learned that ho had left a son bohind him. Mr. Paget told me— how well I remember his face when he told mo how he felt about the . son, who was then only an infant, but to whom he must doliver the trust money vyheu he eame of ago. "I wanted that \- money badly," ho said, " and I resolved to suppress the trust pnpers and use tho money. I thought the chances were that the child would nover know." ' \ The chances, however, were against Mr, Paget. The friend who had left.hiin the money in trust had not do obBolutoly believed in him as he supposed. He bad left duplioate papers, and these papers! werein the hoy'? ppssesaon. One dayi; : ; . — ........ . . - - 1 —v Mr. Pigei learned this fact. When he knew this be knew also that when his friend's eon eamo of age he shoitld have to repay, the trust with interest ; in short, he would have to give the young man the enormous sum of £80,000 or be branded as a thief and a oriminal. ' I remember tho night ho told me thin story,' conoludod Wyndham, with a eigh. He was walking olowly now in the direction of tlio ombankmont. 'So tho plot was made up,' lie con tinued. ' The insurance on my life was to pay baok tho trust. Valentine would never know her fathor'o diohonour. She would continue to love him best of all men, and ho would eseapo ohame, ruin — penal servitude. How have matters turned out? Por tho love of a woman I performed my. part; for the love of a woman and self oombined, ho performed his. How has he fared i Tho woman ceases to lovo him, and ho is mad. I — how have matters fared with me ? How? The wages of sin aro hard. I saw a sight to-night which might well turn a stronger brain than mine. I saw my wifo, and tho man who may coon be hor husband. I must not dwell on that, I dare not.' Wyndham walked on, a burning fever gave him. false strength. He reached the Embankment and presently sat down neai\ a girl who looked oven poorer and more miserable than himself. Thero were several men and girls oooupying the eame bonoh. It was a bitter cold, frooty night ; all the seats along tho Embankment wero full, some poor oreatures even lay about on the pavement. Wyndham turned to look at the slight young creature by his side. She was very young, rather fair in appearance, and very poorly clad. 'You are shivering,' said Wyndham, in the voioe which still could be one of the kindest in the world. The poor worn young face turned to look at him in surprise :aud even con fidence. TO MS CONTINUED TO-lSoitBOW.l 