KAPUNDA COURSING CLUB. Stewards, Messrs. J. P. Orchard, J. N. Smith, C. H. Shakeshafti, J. W. White, M.P., J. Von Bertouch, J. Moyle, D. Shearwin, and J. Battame ; Judge, Mr. R. E. H. Hope; Slipper, Mr. M. Faby; Fiag Steward, Mr. S. G. Smith. That coursing has a strong hold in the North was evidenced by seventy - three applications being made for subscription to the Anlaby Stake, promoted by the Kapunda Coursing Club. With the stake limited to forty - eight dogs a number of would- be nominators had to submit to standingout,and eventsproved thatevenafortyeight dog stake was rather beyond the limits of the country this week. The meeting attracted a number of visitors to Kapunda, the Sir John Franklin and the Lord Palmerston being full on the Monday evening, although the train from Adelaide added very few to the contingent already arrived. Naturally, every one was anxious on the subject of the weather, and with a light rain falling when the train arrived we were all prepared for a wet morning. Fortunately tbeee gloomy forebodings were not fulfilled, although when Mr. David James arrived to take the Press representatives out in the morning the sky was overcast, and it was as cold as they make it in South Australia. Kapuoda has not been blessed with much rain ibis uinter, and with the roads in capital order the owner of Adventurous's smart ponies rattled along in splendid style. The tcene of the meet was on the banks of the Light, about ten mile3 from the town. Arrived here we found a goodly company assembled, among those present being the Hon. J. Coles, M.P., Messrs. P. M. Miller (of Anlaby), J. ShakeB, D. James, Dr. Hamilton, Dr. Glynn, Mr. J. W. White. M.P., &c.; Mr. J. N. Smith took charge of the field operations, while Mr. R. E. H. Hope had come from Clare to act as Judge. The country we started in was just suited for sjjort, but as bad luck would have it game was very scarce, and after taking a couple of hares to bring off four trials we had to move to a less favoured spot. At 1 o'clock a bait was made for luncheon, those who had not provided for themselves partaking of the hospitality of Mr. H. Dutton. For some time after Mr. Hope again took to the saddle game continued scarce, and then we got into some scrubby country, where plenty of hares were found, but the ground was rough and flukey. Several dogs met with mishaps, and damaged toes and stoppers were the rule rather than the exception. Both Ruby and Jean had their trials, but the latter had a narrow escape at the bands of Herd Laddie, who only lost through his inability to fence. It was DPirly dark when a halt was called and tbe company—amongst whom were a number of ladies —retracfd their steps to Kapunda. On Wednesday we made for Julia Creek. The crov.d was not so big as on the first day, and tbe sport was even slower, a whole day being spent over fourteen courses. The ground was again very rough, although plenty of nice spots were met with, but unfortunately these did not contain game. Several dogs were unable to come up to time, owing to the knocking about they had received on the first day. Ruby gained a decisive victory over her co-favourite, Jean, but knocked herself about a good deal in the trial, and in the evening 5 to 1 was offered on the field ior the stake. Mr. Dutton was among those present, and in response to a vote of thankB for the use of the ground said the club were always welcome to the use of the Anlaby Estate for their meetings. Mr. Hope's decisions were all received with favour, and despite the . rough country he always kept close to his dogs. The Slipper alfo did his work in a moet satisfactory manner. THE RUNNING. FIBST DAT. After a no-go Cyclorama and Pearleaf were slipjied in full view of the crowd. Cyclorama, the non-favourite, led np by six lengths, and doing all the early work "gave Pearleaf no chance of equalizing matters. King Bounce led Triplet's four slips, and wrenched several times, after which the hare made up the hill among the crowd, and both dogs were busy at the finish. On the other side of the river Oliver Cromwell showed more pace than Nora Darling, but the hare stayed too long for him, Nora Darling just succeeding in gaining the verdict at the end of a long trial. Justice and Wildfire had a no-go. Gelert was too fast for O.K., and did all the early work, hut on the hare taking to the timber O.K. did some smart scoring, and Gelert only got home by tbe kill. Splendora and Freedom had a long tpin on the hillside, the former doing nearly all the work and finishing with a kill. Bell II. led Competency up; then both unsighted, but getting on the game again they ran a long course all in favourof Bell II. After luncheon Sam Weller ran his bye with O. K.. who appeared to beat the old dog at the finish. Jurodid most of the scoring seen in her trial with Sluggard, and wound up by killing. Demon was np first through Tom Harrington unsighting, but on the two getting together the latter showed great superiority, and eventually Demon stopped. Tom Harrington ran into a stump and cut himself badly. Max and Fancy Queen had a pretty go all in sight of the crowd. Max was up first, and then the work was very even, the dog just securing tb<verdict. Forest King and Colleen Lass were slipped in some very rough country, and with tbe Colleen refusing to try at any part of the trial the dog won easily. Ruby was just able to get up before Chemist. The hare then took to the timber, and Ruby working very cleverly won easily. Jean and Herd Laddie had a regular grueller. The dog lost sight in going out of slips, but soon drew ahead of the bitch, and was a winner 'until it came to fencing. At the first obstacle he lost ground, and slopping altogether at the second Jean wiped off the score against lior and won. Comet was much too good for Disraeli in a short spin among the trees. Miss Harrington led Dauntless by favour, and after getting an advantage in the early exchanges she outstayed her opponent and gained a decisive verdict. After a no-go Strathmore led Redskin. Then several exchanges took place in the tin.ber, but Strathmore always had something in hand. Barley Bree drew out tin leng'.hs from a long slip, _ and after a couple of turns Exile killed. Orizaba was too fast for Venture, and the trial bctwefn Bluey and Unlucky (iuss was pronounced undecided. Marley's Ghost and Flying Column had a vary long go. Very little was teen, but Marley's Ghost always had the advantage. Euchre and Jezebel were very evenly matched. Euohre was up first, and then they had a good give-and- take go there being little to chcose between the pair at the finish. SECOND DAT. Urhxky C.'uss ran a bye, Bluey being too Irme to go into slips. The trial between Hecla and Veronica was a very fluky one. All the work was done in the tussocks, and the hare turned to Hecla, who scored twice and killed. Broken Hill, who went into the slips lame, had a bye. He stopped socn after the start. Second Round.—King Bounce was quickest ficm fclips, but Cyclorama drew by on the outer circle and won very easily. Bell IL did most of what was seen with Sam Weller, but after gettingover the range she had had enough, and Sam Weller succeeded in outcounting her. Splendora did not sight, and Gelert worked the hare over the hill. When Splendora got in fhe wrenched three times and killed. Juno had a bye, Tom Harrington being unable to go . into slips, and previous to this Justice had had a bye owing to "Nora Darling not being on the ground in time to go into slips. Max led Forest King and wrenched twice, when Forest King killed without any merit. Ruby led Jean and put in some rapid work. Then Jean got placed, and after some good even work the bare got over the railway line, and Ruby won by five points. Comet beat Miss Harrington in the longest course of themeeting, the winner showing decided superiority. Barley Bree led Strathmore, and did all the early work. Then the latter drew, but Barley Bree came again, and after lie had made a few wrenches Strathmore killed himself out. Orizaba was very sore on going into slips, and Lucky Gus-s did nearly everything in a long course. Marley's Ghost had an easy task with Euchre, who was too sore to act in the rough country. THIRD DAT. Tbe following are the results: — Second Ties. Justioe beat Cyclorama. Sam Weller beat Splendora. Max beat Juno. Ruby beat Comet. Barley Bree beat Unlucky Gusa. Marley's Ghost beat Hecla. Third Ties. Sam Weller beat Justice. Ruby beat Ulax. Barley Bree beat Marley's Ghost. Fourth Ties. Sam Weller beat Ruby. Barley Bree ran a bye. Deciding Course. Mr. L. Haraer's bk.w.d. Barley Broe, by Kildare—Q^unliilda, won, Mr. N. A. Messenger's br.w.d. Sam Weller, by Swiveller— Yotng Betsy Baker, being drawn. 