THE BARBER'S GHOSTl wNi:;t vwas comhing on apace ; a piercing east wilnd wildly scattered before it thu thick Ilakes of snow, which were descend iug so as completely to obliterate all traces of the path thr;iligh it lonely lmoor, over which a traveller. was journoying, with the hole of reaching a village, whore he iuteuldcd to remain for' the night. 1-l wa?sal enntiUre stranger ill tlose parts, and suach was the nitalhlr of the country that, usl'er tiuse llmit fav5OIu ahilo cirinllsltanl he would havo operieluced some ditli in thllre.adig th11 mazes of the wi trict iso hal. to traverls. In this dil,.innina, as his gsly res he conluittcul hlilltihtf L'i the t guilIll his horse, COncl?sIiutii that tile ills?ti thies nobleaniinal was liiih blittier adt to thie Inlergell'?llny than his Iown ,'las wihlsored as it was. Thelo ithful am g.wm:i, clatureo fully jsstilieic tihe c dsceo reposed in hit ; lihe putisuied course steadily, blut cauitioutsly, and in finw houlrs the trlaveller, to his ihules?crib lablo joy, discerned it fahint glimumering light in the holrizon. gBy this tisle, Iho wias almost all icicle, aald twas frozen so fast to the saddle that horsoe and rider, like thel fabled celitaur, forlld ole body. 'rThe ioblo brutu to whose superior sagacity, i. "lord of the creation," on this occasioln, was indebted - for his safety, colitinued -to ' purstue his course, ustlll sat length the traveller,; nore ldead tlhail alive, arrived lt a venerishbld and sp:1iols-looking mausion, which ap pearedl to hav beenu in former days a castle, is isomll of tlhe battleincilts, the aluitlrad tel gte gotllic gateway woro still ru Ilnaillillg. Ilowuver, as lights aplpeared ill the wisn diovs, andI eluiils lof revIelsry were h[ietil froi within, the sttlranger did not, helcitatl.l to avail himself of the knilockel to ianll nuncei his arrival ; andil after it shlort in terval, Lit.h door wass oilpened. .Ibadlge Iia surprise anl satisfiction at hindiig himsself ushoredl into a spacioos aria, tlhe scenes, llproblalsly, inll inciesint d;as, of tilts iand tomi'iatinents, but whi:h ladi biy ilolleernll 'slprollvemellt I c nu'Ivetill ilnto a stalilLl yards , lir thie iaccoutiilllttlltliiin of horses. Somu p?llts of tli castle itself -for such it was-is-ers-- trlansforilesd itlt, cololrtall f ci l lis ac iiilLatliallO for traIvl lers. snisy of whollnl were now sisafely hionsed, scene?'iro frl the p?lting of tihe pitileaa stir ill. Our tiravcller' \was with dilliculty de tached folll his horse, tand iwas shown ilto thie spacious I.itcheni, in the ingle nook iof which iso was thawedl own to ihis liatral shape nl s iil a ldilsielsisss, but, illlt lsbefoti' hlii gritesiue ippearanceiiC had al iirldled iaipls t'errlillenllt to the guests Ii Iwho were Ca iusisinhg there. As iour giest was at wag and i Illllt lOrist, lie avowed tol Isiniell'f that hIe wouhli be even with theia fir their isis tinsid ljoknes ; ald hI was as gool its his sword, as yos will seie. After lIying al visit ti Iis tlrusty steled, and seeing hMii well fel and fiddiered, Io iuquired iof the laidllauly if hle coisil e ic onlnoidilatedl witlh a bedl for himself ; but what sswas Ihis vexatin on het'ing t(hat the roolls were all eigagedl, except Olt illl a t sient into whlich no travellel r e iCer Cots to enter, as it was repullted to Ise Ihatllsllmsl by the spilrit of iall ullnfrtiunlate? ii" - who had cut his throat there some tiin.s . weleks beforl; sinlce which catastrolphe the roollm wass regarded witlI sSo is much dread that ilot a servalnt in the house co,.:,l hit perlsuadedl to ellter it. Our traveller was not a mIan to in 'ri fled by the idle fears of ghosts; and asi it was out of the question to budlge tlhat night, lie exrcsalresse his determination tq sleep i -n tlhe hanted chailmber, andill a thought which crosled his lindl conshintie lhis resiolution. The dilliculty was to pre vail upllon the oservants to enlter tha roomi to imalke a fire lld prepare a liedi but by dinst of a certain ir'gul enLt tihe travellcr perstsdeid the to enter iht a hoIly, sheading and encouraging theln hi.n self. At length, overytlhinlg was arrangedl fosr the accolunoiiiation of the r.shI aind lpresuiiltuouis stranigr' , as lie wa5s cosn sildered by ev\eryonll in the lolise, fromli the landlord to the boots. Our traveller, after lpartal;ing of a hearty sullpper, ordered hlis bottle and pIilpe to lie carried upI-stairs, observing that it was his ilntenitionl t sit lup awhlile to await the coilning of the sirit, and to question hliu about the dreLiadlful secret that plreyedl upon his inind ind l priiesteld Iin froiln resting qluietly ius his glrave. i'lhn lIuidllluly, who adiirced the coul'ailgo of her giueet, whlile she icgrlettel his rlsh inss, badiie hii "i lood night," with " Ileavoei bless you, sii'," whlich she uttered in ia tonie if misgivinig ratlher thus l)ILoLe, ais if she dlinblstetl ilswhether ihle \wouldl ever see hn higail. Our traveller lighted his piple ,isnd awaited the issbt very comnposelly. The clock struck twelve, the high slhagllael i ]lor of ghosts. b1ut 1no) spirit iai liearel. The storl'l hald Inow iscr;suasedl to a plerfect hurricane, and the guests seemilel resolvedl to sit it oiut, as they hadl formedil thlncselvels iinto a parsty at hazardll. (lIr traveller hailh, durng the night, Iheard fro sliet allusionls iliadl Isoi himself, soine of the coinmpalny wonllerisg what would le comneof hi whellc the castle boll slshould toll one, which was the signal for the ghost to appear. This was lnews ifor our tra voller which hlie did lot fail to turn to im-. mnediate advantage, by setting about his preconceived design of actinlg the pallrt of ghost himseif. 'With this view, he converted one of hisi sheets iuto a very iappropriate spectral robe, around his neck, ho tied a red ga tLer, to leplresult the .wioud iflited by the deceased barber on his throlat : A pieco of buiunt cork enabled hinm to disguise his face aid-rej:inder it asssicioutly hideous; andl, to crown all, a nightcap withll a lasrg ta;ssel, ivitlh tseath's lieal iltlaul crosa-liosscs reirnesented in fiolilt Iy ine1ss o o tihe aforIesaid blllrlt cork. 7It \vi-s Inow onl the stroka of osils; iilnl, is if to second Ii.s views, tlhe coIpaniiy werOi just theCn inltent oil tlheir gmlls; theelll was iNot sslo -iltlle to ise islst; soliethiug, isowever, was lceldeul tis coln]plete hIis ciststsno. Ie tloihoigh·t tle lsinit of thie Iarbet' couildl iot be Iuioro snppropriLtcly eqIsUipipLd thiasn witlh a razor in olle hald ilisd a slsaving-box ii tise other. Ilis psrotlinantcei soon suplplicl theso requisito aplplo!llssageu, wIeniu it sld Iseully occiur-io.h to hiin thalit it woull geatly loiglStel thi effect if Inur'ning slpiit wices sbsltitlutel for tihe ordinary lather. 'iThe rellntilt in thle bottlei readily fiurliished hhis with this isiflasssliialle latihe'. Cosncscie hiuii ishady for actisnI, sawaiiting iso aswful sigsnl fromi tile castlo tul'ret. It uisillhed at lengLthi, aInd ol' ghost, hssvinig liglhtel up" tileothecuils co;liteits of hin JhIlioer-bIox, sitailkel it o it ' lise roosm witih i heavy trell. T'hie strilsigO siu)llsd aisd the ominlouls toll of tihe boll iltiIustly iut isis oiil to snll IsOise asIln relvohY illslongigt tih tassilied gusbhlr.as. WVitlh onse kick the slcectro lilrcell open ltle dloo, and pro sinLteld liiliself to tli horlrors-strickCnI coin 'Ihe ghIost deesus"d it iprtldenlt lit Is ilosw thein to rally theii' lislk.os; but ats ai clisnax to thle scese, lholdiig Lhi raoil ill ullu laud ,isul tlhe sliavillng bIox in - thi olsel', is a dcepl, hIolloW voice, sitil, " Will you bo llaavd 1" Tliera is sonelthling anflicieintly dlisa?. greeablc in thle sight of a liakels razor brtldinhled in a ilenacin?g attitude, hut thL ide~a ofllbeing . Iha\ed by a ghost, anLd brushel witih iflllltltlallable lltheL', iX too ill(:icl for luIliiiail ll(ev-es. 'The ?oIIIlclly all rosue in lli illstintllt ; al, Lu tlhuri wma fortu?lnatcly it back dooir ill the mI'it lead. ing to thi kitcli stirtais, through that theylv plrecipitatedl tlihemslve inecks alid heels, leior i.'toppiolg tlllil tllcy Iachl d thle ulttoin, L'where they lay npriawliing ill speechl e sn terror. Meaiwhile tlhe ghost w.?a uot ille ; hisiu role ,surcel as an ilapron, into which ihe cIIllLctIl all thel mone y onIL the tablel,. 11e thoun.extiigiinlihel tihe c;!idll.es ,lt retirued to hii roimi, lchuckling i;at the cuinplulu iuclceseS of lis shelmnlIe. Ilow tlhe roittel guebtt r'eciiovered i'ronii their fi'igiht wolhl be :ji lC)iJhoon tO ro late ; nulline ib to say, Ihat at lant tlhey iretired iin fear amlI tremblling to their hliel, witliolt onico thinikilg of the cimoneiy they tad left lb'hinii them, iu the apart illlerit wlheric thell gholist o iullexpectedly iii Ltrrupted thlir Ievehly. The niiext iliml ing oilli" traveller iin vau rang his hell ibr tli wailtC'; nol ta uotl iii the house ailarnld an tllnwoer thlienIoiiiiis; and when hlie at leiitl inilt; his itpiiitla'itllCO bholw, all neiiid ti ishrink from his pro e?ellee an iif it were a uceneld n"ilinrliatiirnl visitatiin. 1hi nalledl lii is un'reakfast, but no breaklfait wIan Itithlominiug, itiil lite wat- niirveyeil at a distance witni glances of tspitilon iand dread. - At lengthl, lhowevcr, lie slcctedeu in jirantliilg thie laidlall dy, l?ho waes a womlan of good uii'leritadinii g, thallt lhe a:ii the idlentical ntr.ge'r wl Iiad il dept ill the lainiittl cliiutlti, s, tait hle wats r'illv tle. h soul bloi, aiiid Iiot a ? Ihstlt. 'lhi.d lssurlt ieu lie cotlirilmled by I corduial ahlke "' the luli, t~ itcco; ultie l iy t go 1. nitlretd litigi it the "exris whlih hi ap lpeuilllce hltd uoemnsiIImed. Tlin gn)d huay ;i, tl-'tlllll: R11 tll:lll:1 C~lliril~lll'· Ill tlll?O |11?, it lntm*thi siiitmiuitineul ettili cgi li nl tin'oo ilitti 'ii':veis'aitioln with himi, mil inquiired lhour, helm, ,ad ?p d the night. " Never hitner," was thle ruply. SiiU you hear nimlthiniig i' \- " :nothing," hle itplieI., " Nor see nili"rtinl T" ll" Why, yies,"' heli, with inii air of in tdit'll iitp.c ; "t ill I idt I mnill lltIi lirel if a .~trbe l'r p,.Iped hiu tbotd irto mllt y ol'c, a, .t. nue tcllotk i thle tiuitim , alu d at k ni ll if I iwanitd to iibte nhtveMl. I nuppiisd tLhe follow .ai drunk, ai sot I kicked liui ldowi ,tair.-, a Iol thil aileep ietin. .s; th wnthtetll r t e slll t lled he l'lp tiitii. i th, ,,uests remained in thcir qulitr| t1't o iirst,'" aidmi rt' trveller jI ,,lJ them ati the tal?ble. 'Tl eti e nvi:tIr ;i iii ,Isurmlly tiu tied It l.htth ioit'i:e''tIC tihe le entmilng eeliltlg;auil thle heri t h tntth't win Inti h iuni~iitl at the lull' riciht :lcctlmllult, giveiif lhe k lmAus. (ine imuijeltd that it u-is that if tie lblermet..t mn'luiuetioni aly, is hi wats very well t cluaiiiIntld willh hilium. Aneiuriu ittrvet .h1 t titt ? vmltI lie hai cetve' teei the lumi'it' while hl ing, he htl seen it cipital likenes of him, ;il I that it was tie like the glheit ans two peas. Aitllhir ltrituestel that the firt useLhl fromlt li:? mtollth anld noto.rils, uall Lat~u his voice res.nthh.Ill~ that.of theI aU fit'rttm t?. Ialiii who titIai 1nitted suicin iii tlt chimbiler which hie tritbled spirit nightly e'visitnd. .A lengtlh iur fricimd,, l'uelt.s h? r itisuion ti lie Ieard, thus addruus.sed tIcs "ieitnimen, I line a jike as well an atty tI;t hut a litoe nay ble cIrii' ,ld ooi fari; aid an t, h elief ii ghit.,tms is iu; ii turd ti itL ns misehmie',mn. I nhouhl le Lorry tbit we ihilhi part withouti an tx pIlanidion. Ilmhohl here befine yym gcitle ieii, the idntical gholmt thlt ..r.:d i-L coinstei'iiatiti mautiognt yiiou. \ulhen I od t'red this ihiii last niight yeli wineti pllaiid ti le vnry untr y at iy i uii' etanIwlti atil ia s I always gino a I. olau, bor in (livii, i vowed t wiouhl ie rcveiged. T'e idie , it.r or the ght?is in te lhuimmied chi r otiggestled tio lm the itiheeli-i I prallise witili co im'ih .ulceennss. It' yuu tm ,utit toy word, getlelmin, ehI the tititey you left Ie'itdI in Viitii' hImuT\', wutid nwhich I • b re oit' with t190 ingltirt)'ii of re,'t.rinlg t~o you, ati I now ,|t." .s lie ,aid this, Ie un, idifid a hlitlki chiM' itld tie ,sihed the gphi ul), tha tah~l,.. Thu oxph;,.:tioni , anot,:'hp tnlm ;a. it was by thec jun.pett. r'csvry of tlh i cash,d lpdhueI a univ,.r.,d Iott o1 lauughitor. The gtles. s.hos | th |ra vellir iy thit hat'. hlunrily ha kii g hii 'ir ite?tie,,n they shoutiil lin'el' Inlget to the lant hour of their lives. 