How a Man Who shad :Cheated Him Caine Iack After Death to Apologize. Uniornrlcrrw, Pag Ni s.v " I never go lunch on Lhost stories,!' began i Contractor Van Dyke at the Clinton Ilouse'.• the other evening. The old gentleiman .hd " been listening with more or less attentioni to aseries f fables beitng told by the guests of: tlhe hlotel. "Well, I dn't know,". the old cointkrctor repliedl. " Iy'expericce in that directionfi Gas been somiwslat rnmarkablc. I don't slup' ' pose you will believe oee, hut the story I will.;, tell you is true. I can produce a living wit. ness to it, and I will at ani time kte a'fli davit to its accuracy. Tw?o years ago I wa building a piece of railroad down in the enst '': ern part of this State. Among the people 1 who furnished ime ties was an old trader in wheoim I had little or no contiilelice. As' ithe bills for the ties came in paid' them promptly ani took receilils from evcyry maren; I knew to the tie the number used. After m.y contract was completed the old trader suel" me for the price of lifty ties. The case was tried, and I was. coinpelled to pay the money. The old man hadi sworn to his bill, and little or no defence. could be maide.' When I paid the money I warned the old fel. low. I told him he had perjured himself. : I predicted for him an unhappy ending. Aboot six montlus ago [was awakhened at one o'clok in the morning by this s:me old trader. It' was dark in my room. Just as plainly as I can see you now he was there in life. Ile, wakenedl me by calling my namne. My partner? was in bed in the samue room just a few feet: from me. I called him and told him of the visito)r's presence. lie said he could not seec him and laughed at me. lIe toiIl me I was dreaming, and osuggested that I go to sleep: While we were talking the old trader called me by name. Hie said le ha.d been mistaken. about the tics. anrd offered to return me the money. The vision then vanished. My partiner talked with rme of the matter befiorewewernt to sleep again. The next mtorniin lie tohl the story on me as a joke. but while we were at breakfast the news reached ius of tihe ld tinder's death. He lhad died within ten minutc; of the time of his visit toi me. I have no idea how many morer calls of the saine character lie iad to make, lint I aimi satislied his visit to me was the' lastm. . T'lhat story is true as Iholy writ, the old man concluleali. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered. Father (irascibly)-" Who's got my bouot jack l" Cora (smiling archly-" The cat." Puck. ' 4Iesnetrkutblebts Stroke of Light. 'aE Granite Falls Journal, Minnesota, gives an account, by N. O. Carlo and Christian .Olson, farmers, of: Granite Falls, of the 'remarkahbl results of a striuol of lightning .which struck the prairie about a mile and a half from Olson's house. It racurred in .lune ,last during a heavy storm. They say it made a holo in the ground between five and six feet deep, and from this hole there extend six trenches two feet deep, branching off in different directions, and "extending for'a,dintance of from six to eight -od. And what was very singular, inot a particle of the sod and dirt thrown front the hole and treneaes was to be son, except now and then a large piece of sad tIrwnty or thirty rods away. Mr. Olion says that by uri?sal measurement the ditehes ploughed out by the lightning from where it struek were allont an equal distance apart; four of them were of 'the same length, and the other two six feet shborter; The report is said to have been as terrible as if an explosion had occurred. A lady sitting at a wiridow inl a house a mile avray'seneibly felt the shock; two men rwetr nintinji outside another huese a mile away tromn the scene, and so forcibly did they fede 'it that they immediately jui:ped to their feet and went into the house woithout sprskiuig. .MDr. C.'A. Benmett, etitor of the ,hIrnorl, wiites 'u that lm vouches for the truthfulness oi the above account. 