I THE OLO 'UN'S NOTE-BOOK V " HURRAH" ALL ROUND. The Austral Handicap. . "WARPAINT HAS IT ALL ON. The Boseliill Cup. aO-DAY'S SELECTIONS. Hurrah ! Yes/ docidcdly Hurrah in more senses than one. llurrah for tlio Bosohill stewards, because they liavo had tlio pluck to coino down heavily on a glaring caso of stiff running in the City \- and Suburban Handicap ou Thursday. It was a case ot iiurrau all round, tor cue _ .namo of tho horso iu question was Hurrah. I think this subject is of such importance that I may bo pardoned for dealing with it first. Hurrah, by Marvellous — Queon Bet, and hailing from tho Newcastle district, was heavily backed by tho public for tho City and S.iburban Handicap at Bosohill on Thursday. At ouo timo ho touched 2 to 1, aucl then wont back a shade, eventually starting nt 4's. I had a good look at this horse, and, as far as condition went, lio was as fit as he could well bo made. Tho vast im provement iu him since I last saw him wa3 also noticeablo. lie looked better than ever bo did in his life, and fit to run for a kingdom. In his preliminary canter ho wont so well that public money went on him faster than ever. " Can ho beat Whitefoot ?"i asked a woll-informed man. " If lie's going for it lio can, easily," was the reply. Now that " if he's going for it " caused 1110 to think, and I mado divers other inquiries from mon likoly to know. "With such a rich stako as tho Doncaster Handicap in view I thought it just possibly waiting tactics might bo pursuod. "No fear," was the general comment. "He's all right ; you'll get a good run for your ' money." I watched Hurrah evory inch of that raco. First off, and iu a good position when tho flag fell it looked a fair . thing. Suddenly I missed the' colors from the front, and Hurrah liad fallon back fourth. That was all right. Jas. Gough might bo keeping him for tho run home. As tlioy swept into tho straight it looked pretty fair for Hurrah still. Then a most . extraordinary exhibition took ' place. Hurrah could nob got liis head. Why P Beoauso there was a tug- of-war going on botw'cen Hurrah and Jas. Gough, and the latter was getting tlio better of it. At tlio distanco Hurrah was indulging in a nice little oxoroiso-cautor, and yet, strange to say, cvon at this paco ho was keeping with liis horses, and easily too. At tho half- distanco. Hurrah, if ho could speak, would probably explain to liis admirers that ho " thought tho raco was over and he had won comfortably." He kept reefing for his bond, and his jockey sat in a picturesque attitudo — for an instantaneous photograph, or an oil- painting to bo taken of him — hut docidcdly not for tho purpose of finishing iu a raco. /Tlio result was Whitet'oot 1, Brown Bess 2, Belle Lhuno 3. Hurrah not plaood. " Dear mo, is that possible," ns Harry Bickards would say. People actually sat on tho grass from surprise. Thoy woro so surprised that many of tliom forgot to catch tho first train for town. Tho stewards looked surprised. Even Hurrah looked surprised, and well ho might. Nobody looked surprised when the Btowards demanded an investigation. It would have been a matter for surprise, and regret also, if they had liotheld an inquiry. Tho result was tho horse and liis rider, Jas. Gougli, were disqualified for twelve mouths. Hurrah to that, say I, and it will probably . . bo echoed by cvoryono who saw tlio race. What could have boon tho reason for Hurrah's performance ? Perhaps tlio horso liad visions of winning a Doncaster Han dicap, and wished to bo classed among tho top-sawyers of liis raco. If so this was a laudable ambition on Hurrah's part. But this vision has now been knocked ipto a cocked liat, and Hurrah will have to retire into privato lifo for twelvo months. During that period ho will bo able to got rid of some of tho couditiou lio has got, and all tho care and attention bestowed upon him will count for nought. I must congratulate tho Bosohill stewards upon the stand they have taken. Tho good example they liavo sot will, I hopo, bo followed by others, and at the forth coming Hawkesbury and A.J.C. meetings v.. I hope any offenders will be summarily I - dealt with. Tho Beferee and Bird have, I ' ' for .tho past twelvo months, striven hard to liave these "stiff-running" cases I ' . punished, and thoroforo it is all the more ' ' gratifying to see the Bosohill stewards " ' come down with such a firm hand. Tlie firSfc day's racing at Bosohill was in every way a success, despite tlio woathor, \- and although rain fell at intervals it did not appear to interfere much with the r .geiieral ' enjoyniont. The course was in good order, all things considered, but heavy . going, and tho mud on tlio jockeys jackets told what" sort of a state it was in, In tho Hurdle Baco Atlantio was made favorite, ' while Marque and Bodheart were well backed. First Light was also supported, but Alarm Bell was almost unbacked. Tlio race needs but little description, for Alarm Boll wont to the front soon after tho fall of tlio flag, was never headed, and won comfortably by about four lengths from General Gordon. \At tho bock of tho courso Bed Heart "fell, but Hendricks got off without any dnmago. General Gordon was lioavily Btruck on tho bind log at this place by a falling hurdlo, and it is a mystery how he over managod to finish, lot alono got second. Tho All-Agod Stakes was reduced to a match between Bungobah and Camoola, for although Eclipso and Oxonham focod tho starter, thoy liad no possible chance of winning. Bungobah was favorite, aud it lookod a fair thing for him over a mile. Tho paco was slow at first. Camoola dashed to tho front as they ontered tho straight, and looted all over a winner. Bungobah, however, came with a rattle, and soon got level. Tho pair fought out every inch of tho distanco, the colt answering to Liddiard's calls, while Oain3ford kept Bungebnh going, and tho son of Grandmaster ovontually won by a nock. Aftor tho race opinions differed as to how Bungobah had won. I fancy ho had a bit iu hand inysolf, for Gainsford rode a very certain race, and never soomed bustled. This being so, Bungey must liavo a mighty big say in tho Cup on Saturday. A big fiold went out for tho Austral Handicap, and when the hotting had fairly settled down Tho Bebcl was made favorite. " Whew." That is my own patented "wluiw,"so ploaso doh'tjCopy it. Babul favorite. Great Lord Jersey Julius Cmsar's ghost, what on earth aro thoy making this covo favorite for?" said a dilapidated individual. That wa3 pro- cisely what I wondered, hut then one can never tell. Tho Pet Girl was next in domand, and she was well backed down to 0 to 1. Wynclla, Mossongor, Isaac, Proctor, Whirlwind, Althotas, Sam Wellcr, Warpaint, and Ale ides were all sup ported. Scots Grey broko away soveral times at tho post, aud appeared to bo in a desperate hurry to get away. Whon the flag did fall, the son of Musket dashed to the front. In such a raco as this tho good got away means a lot, aud had Scots Groy beon any good lio ought to liavo won. Howover, he diod away, and we may, as I ' have before stated, have tho pleasure ono day of seeing him in a Sailing Baco. Tho finish was a good one, aud Warpaint, ouo of the syndicate's representatives, beat Marvelette aftor a tough struggle. Tho winner is by Chester — Wheel of Forturio, and a rattling good colt. Tho amateur race went to Tho Australian Light, by dint of sheer good riding oil tho part of Mr. Gibson, and tho-reverso on tiio part of Mr. H. Bennett. Mr. S. B. Kennedy rode his own horso, and would have made a bold bid for victory had lio not lo3t a stirrup- leather. Lord Prix had somo difficulty in winning tho Selling Baco, for which ho waB woll backod. Yallaroi, howover, mado a bold bid for tho prize. Lord Prix was bought in for JE100. Whitefoot again showed ho possesses speed by winning tho City and Surburban Handicap from Brown Bess, who had bad luck in tho race. Belle Damo came in" third. This concluded a rattling good day's sport, and Mr. G. B. ltowley worked hard to make everything pleasant. To-day tho BOSEHILL CUP will bo run for, and if Bungobah starts lie will be bad to beat with 9st 9lb. Tho going may not bo quite so lioavy as ou Thursday, and this will bo all in favor of the top weights. Tridentino 9st has a chanco of success, and this grand luaro is very well now. Althotas will bo bettor suited by the distance tliau ho was on Thursday. Ho looks fit and well, and should finish iu tlio first flight. Vain Hope 7s t Gib has a groat say. in it, and Whitefoot should run woll. Gildus Gsb 101b roads . healthy, but lio may not start. If lie does go to tlio post ho should about win, if all I hear from Queensland about liim bo true. Brown Bess lias to be reckoned with, but tho pace may bo mado a shado too warm for lier. Vospasia 8st 21b may liavo too much weight for lier liking. Tho ab solute winner, with a run, will 1 tliiuk bo TEIDENTINE, whilo Bungobah, Althotas, and Yain Hopo aro worth an investment if fancied by backers. GEANVILLE STAKES. Pilot Bot or Meteorite, with The Snark next. NUBSEBY HANDICAP. Camoola or Cumino, with The Hector or Meteorite noxt. STEEPLECHASE. Diomed or Singleton, WELTEE HANDICAP. Honor Bright or Pilot Boy, with Good Night noxt. SELLING BACE. Lord Prix or Yallaroi. Fallon, tho well-known registered book maker, states ho was not represented at tho recent Albury raoes, and has no oonnootion with anyono using that name. 