MEMS FUOM THE METROPOLIS fltou ouil own COIlRKSI'ONUZXT.i SYDNEY. Tuoatl/iv. In politics ivo aro cujoving tlio culm whiuh follows tho storm. Last tvoek tho House settled down quietly and methodically to work, and iuduliiii from the way lu which honorable members aliiped no ono would havo thought that a voto of confi- donee bad been disposed uf, wliloli was as bitterly mn..i "in <i 7 " vot '» our 1'arlia- mout. I ho wanted to defeat the Government, and did not care how It was done llioy took advantage of tlio Broken Hill troublo, and at first things looked very promising for the chances of Mr. Held. But as tlio days went by, tlio ground kopt slipping from under bis foot, and as lio and Ids lininodiato advisers know this, tlioy wore not, it may bo certain, any the better torn- wred. The extraordinary quietness characterising last week o proceedings wus in such contrast to tlio previous week s doings that no one could fall to bo impressed with It, Good progress was luado with business. Several Bills were advanced a stage, llio only member who showed an incllna- tiou to bo troublesome was Mr. Carruthers llo was particularly offensive, objecting to tlio motions for leave to iotroducc Bills being formally taken, lie did no good, beyond delaying tho work a day. 'iho honorable member and tho nioinber for Pad- dingtoo (Mr. J. C. Isiobl) are about tho most rabid on the Opposition Bunches. Generally when a man has once held a portfolio, ho is miieter and ruber's ia.p, i f Vl' WiM bot' Mr- Car- t o- f 1 A'1.0 cxl»ption to tho rule. Loos of oflieo has soured bun, and bo scorns now to bo eternally brooding how to get book agaiu— how to eject the usurpers who have succocdcd him and his oolleognoa. He is overdoing the thing cousidorably and il ho docs not moderate Ids feelings ho will I 11 himself left out in tho cold whon Ids own party " como to their own " again. Tlio Electoral Bill and tho Medical Bill havo been brought forward. Tho latter is to give ?he Ptmlk."01!10 rlo,otla" fro'" Ul bundrod and one tlshm Thn ? a if80 ,b"B,"cls ty menus of adver- Using, Iho faculty, however, m tho Bill havo mado a fatal mistuko. Thoy waufc tho whoio U!.f?|a,0lncnu l1 | placed in tho hands of tho Unl- S ulli ll' I>rofcMn> ire re'eog. , lu' .wl' Mcm to bavo inado up thoir deprccfa o themon of all other. Univcrsi- tics but those of Scotland, Professor Anderson Stuart is tlio contra, and Ho hna gathored round , ii «urSfpps aud physloians of his own nationality, lu a modified form, English medical muu object to this, but as tho men with Irish qualifications bavo boon made to boar the brunt of the oxolusivcncsa prevailing, they havo not been alow to express their opinion. At tho medical cougrcas which has just boeu held, a row was only avoiccd by dexter ous mauugomont. If tho Medical Hill does nob loavo tho coutrol of tho profession hi other hands t iuii those of tho Uuiversity eliquo, it is just ou tho curds that tlio meusuro will not puss, Tho Electoral Hill is most olaboratoly and care fully drawn. It douls not ouly with tho franchise but utso with tho redistribution of seats. It provides for single electorates, and proposos that a commission to be uppolnted by tho Assembly shall del no the now elentorates. This will, it is honed and, expected, prevent any jerrymandering, with tho iutentfon of carving out u aafo aoat for this or that friend. Whon tiio pritioiple of singlo elect, orates was adopted in Groat Britain to » com- mission was given tho labour of fixing tho electoral inetcs and bounds. Therefore, tlicro is nothing novel about the proposition, while it is at tho sumo time most just. Thoro should bo no objection to it, though it is very probable aery will bo raised that an attempt is kelug mado to rob 5 X f "» ptlyilcgca. The woak spot in in ...I r«fornng to impeaclied elections. All petitions aro, us heretofore, to ho doult with bv TI 190l,,'.m.ittM of. I3160''"" "'») Qualifications, llio Liigiish example le worth following. It allows the judges to deal with thorn. And nnybody who understand, how tlio business is done by the larliamoiitary Committee must agreo that it is lutiiiitcly more satlsfaotury to havo those things determined by a striotly impartial tribuaal. The Ouiiimitteu of Lleetions und Qualifications must bo more or less partisan, it is iinpossiblo for party 8 of "10 fight daily, to denttdo thunuolu-s of their nraililoutiruni u<Ln dealing with a petition whluh seeks to unseat a friend or seat a foe. Sir Henry i'atkes has always opposed Parliament giving up this privilege, ifo 1ms some quixotic idea that if tho Assombly surrendered this right, it would bo bellttllnK itself. At uli events, he 1ms urgtiod that wuy. My own imprcusiou is that lie dues not like tho judges, and refuses to do anything, or coucedo the smallest poiut that may magnify their already tolerably irresponsible position. Tho judges generally havo been Sir lleury's political opponents. He never forgets uud rarely forgives, 1 think, however, tho Ministry would have been wiso if thoy had bravod Sir Henry's opposition iu this regard. Tho various Labour organisations, controlled by the "trades uud Labour Council, are auuthemising the four Labour members, who refused to voto for Mr. Hoid's yolo of cuusuro. Meetings aro hold night ufter night,, and voles of want of confidonco are carded, in fact, if unu were to tuico what tlusu meetings do us representing the feelings of the electors, Msssis. Kelly, Fitzgerald, Sharp, and Johnson are already as good as killed politically. Hut, as u matter of fact, outside a few interested cliques, thc«o resolutions go for nothing. Tho ambition of certain men bus been disappointed. They felt suru thero would be a dissolution, and the chance given them of going Into Parliament. I hey arc jeulous of the men who are already thero, and they think they havo just as much right to tho i'U per week, 'i hat is the main spring o? their auger, —not the support of a Government that has put such a slight ou Luhour nud tho masses generally, us to arrest these Hrokeu Hill leaders, who, it is alleged, broke the law aud incited others to break it. K/ery doiegate to or mcmbor uf the lrudea und Labour Council is a nossiblo member of Parliament, aud it must have been extremely disappointing to them to find that tho eliuncu that appeared u few weeks so close is now is fur oil as ever. Probably, before the appeal to tho country takes place, the tide inuy flow tho other wuy. Labour now so triumphant may find itself in tho position of having no ouc to do it revcreucc. v Tho Broken Ilill strike is fizzling out.) IMattors arc so quiet there uow that 100 of the police seufe specially up from Sydney havo returned and aro do.i.R duty oil the old boats." The various mi!!! are at work again, and smoke is issuing from tlio jacks of the sinoltara. iho action of the Govern- dcc'iall-a" Th V1'1 II «'«' f> and dcciohc. ihcro any amount of men to be got, and the strikers lira now begumlug to realise that tlioy , bghtllig a very foolish battle. Tlicv are already abusing their Icadars, and seeking to make terms with thn luiuc owners. Tide ic ahvav. Hm way with tho mull. \\\ hen victory follows, tlio leaders aro heroes and ore carried ohonlder high. When defeat comes, thou tlio leaders aro turned upon and reiidod. It ia tlio old caao uf tlio hunts nan being devoured by bis own dogs. Tlio inob is a bad master. It la only grateful Tn fair wcuthor. iho liiioiuciit the clouds bank up, it is roadv to abuse where it previously glorified. The Broken Ilill loader, are to ho tried at tlio d.iii iquin Circuit court, it was intended origin" ally that Judgo W mdeycr aliould prcaide but as Ins Honour is Still in Qi.senslaml bearing th! appeal iu what is known us tlio nrost ease. Ids nloco at Deniliqnin will ho lillod mort probably lay tlio Chief Juatioo. Sir Frederick Birlcy Is a great exponent of tlio law and order theory, and wiiils of cnuroc, ho will see that defendants will have the fairest of trials, they wiU have not „„g more. Being an Irishman, and olio ,'f . I'I1e known aa (Justle patriot, ho knows something about boycotting, which rosily i! not nog more ur less tliau piekotting, Mr. Coffoo will prosecute for tlio Crown, and"., he had th. working up of the case at Broken Hill, ho has perhaps thn very best grasp of it. The Crown will pay the expenses of defendants and thalr iroin Broken Hill to Deniliquin, ' .nT" ? rao®"S Jf1 wival has commenced in Vle'orio and although tho regular exodus from Svdnev has' not yet set in, a few of our most ardent sportsmen went overlaat week for tho first day of £5 eld meeting. As showing the Interest taken in tlio ruoing. It may ' bo mentioned that all the Sydnoy dudies have now apcolal reporters ia the Victorian oupltal, whoso dutv It fl . ,? !ffin!" l"1 ca\flmII0Ut 1-naglno ah!"Th„ Kullops, hotting, etc., iu connection with tho snort. I dont think thero is so much betting as In nre- . Co' "ly.tHo consultation";! not so \\\ oil patronised. Iho monster " hundred thousand,'' run by "Tattereall" is slowly fillip 2', ,f "ibIy M IIlQ CuP dfty approaches, iuterest innj btcomo greater, and people iu a hurry to eefc arC„h:,„r|08h V8t ,"l0!, othcr t8 6=t tickets? Times nre not so good, nml money bolng aesroo, It ie not nstoidsbiug that thoro is uot tho oxoitcd speculation o a few years ago when everything was booming; and men hud hundreds to spare where thoy havo not now a superfluous ono-pound noto. Mr. Barton tntenda that the Federation Qucetlon ahall receivo a full and fair discussion in both Houses of 1 arliament. IIo will soon bring forward SS 1 T. "i f"o?r ', end if !nxl!« that It ehall be debated thoroughly, It soems to a great many that till. i. a waste if v-alufwo tlm! raising tho Foderntlon ghost again. It is really as d ad ss a corpse on a dhceotlng .tabic, and probably » r- ,„llrn" Pow' Ho is, howovcr, plodgcd to give tlio Assombly an opportunity of debating tho subject, and when the dl.eusslon conoludes- and tho principle of l'cdcratlou ia agreod to. us it need, must bo-ho will then plaoo before tho honourable members the Draft Convention Bill, lliat will undergo n great riddling,— will bo knocked about eo much that it will hardly ho recognised ufter tho Assembly lias done with It. If thno were not pressing, and othcr weighty matters (lid not require attention, ono would hardly objout to such u pious opinion as Federation being taken into discussion. liowcvor, ns a ocoro of practical measures aro engaging tho attention of Parliament, it seems a gilovous pity now that this rcderatiou business should crop up. Our politi clans cannot aiTord to pursuo shadows or waste the public timo ovor abstractions. Aud that is roally what this coming dubato will mean. Wo hail enough of Federation in tho last Parliament. If Mr. Burton wero wise ho would give It a rest. Lord Jersey has been at tho annual commemora tion at St. John's College. JIo delivered a vory nlco littlo address, lu which ho spnko vcry>- enoouragi lgiy of tho work being dooe by tbo College and w.roingly of tho danger. Now South Walca has ahead of it. The indifTorenuo of rollgioua matters, wliioh la eo apparent to even tho most auiual of obsorvorslhas. Iio ears, tg bo combatlcd In the future . ' 