JESTER'S HERITAGE; OR THE SECRET OF HER BIRTH. v.-/ . . . By' the Auth'or of "Loud Roth's Sin;" , ' A-Lady of honor," &g.;, &0\. ' . -""'CHAPTER- XXXII;— (Continued.) vw iAll1 through the hours of storm and-' daakness the good ship Southern Cross; . battled with the angry elements j but v : the . dawn found her drifting rudder less .and dismantled straight to her' doom on the rocks. -Pot fifteen years had she traversed, the watery paths of the groat ocean; sailing from clime to clime, braving tempests in distant seas. And now, ondier native shores, and within- two days' sail of the port whither she was bound, she lay quivering in her death- throes — gored by the cruel . rooks, lashed by the hungry surges — a sight. \- - ghastly and piteous to behold. The ship had parted in the centre, and the after-part had been swept away. Heavy seas continued to break over the fore-part, which was wedged 'in . between the rocks. In another hour ' the last fragment of the wreck which the fury of the storm had spared would be swallowed by the rising tide. . : Out -of a large crew only three re mained.- Of these one man stood apart, and looked out, with unseeing eyes, over the waste of troubled waters. The ottwfKvo were huddled together at a nEtle distance from him. Around them lay the sharp rocks strewn with fragments of the wreck, washed hither and thither by the advancing billows. On tho dizzy heights above them a crowd of men and women, fisher-folk for the most part, had assembled with the earliest dawn, and stood with straining eyes and horror- stricken faces, looking down at the . distressed sailors they were powerless to, relieve. Meantime the tide was rising fast, hurrying on to engulf the , last fragments of the wreck to which . -those three hapless ones yet clung, hope dead in their breasts. " Anyhow Heaven's as near by sea \- - as by -land, I've heard tell," said one of v.: these-to his mate. '.'Seems far away enough to me, either way ; too far for such as we to ' refach, but" — brokenly — "I wouldn't ' care if it wasn't for leaving Kate and the little ones." \- May be," the other said, with slow hesitation, ''we should feel better if some one said a bit of a prayer." ' V W T don't know any. I forget all I ever learnt,'.' was the heavy answer. r" Maybe the skipper does. I'll ask him." .'They crawled over tho planks to whore he stood and made -their ro- quest. 'Ifos; -he would pray. He could do . , ifc"so -easily, because it was no un familiar task to him, but only to utter -aloud tho words that were always in his heart. .nThey knelt together on tho plgpks, \- . those -three tried and spent souls, while the eager hungry waves qame nearer, and the dawn — they knew it whs the 'last they would ever see — " 1 , brightened into perfect day. And sotnohow, when tho prayer was ended,- Heaven did not seem so far ' off.. . . .Dimmer and yet dimmer grew the light to -their failing eyes, fainter and / fainter sounded the roar of the surges .in their ears, nearer and nearer the yearning waves approached. They reached their feet, they str.uok the planks- to which they still olung with faiilt persistence. Only a little longer ,to wait, anfl then ' Suddenly over the waters rang a shout, . clear, strong, lifa-giving. It thrilled through every fibre of their hearts, and set their ianguid pulses bounding. And there — there — borne . nearer, with every wave — urged on by ' strong and willing arms — was a boat containing three men, who were come to deliver them ! ,;. Qh, blessed sight! Oh, thrice- blessed sound! It was no cheat, no, delusion of the dying fancy. Heaven \- had sent them deliverance in their sore " necessity, Tliey were saved ! ' CIIAPTER XXXII. Two hours or labor for the nerves ncl limbs of those who wont on that perilous mission, two hours of miser able suspense for those who stayed behind on board the Waterwitch, and then a crowd of eager hands were out- i stretched to welco'me the rescuers and the rescued. ! Palo, haggard, drenched, they stood in the morning glow. Lord Sutton told long afterwards how' those strong men broke down and sobbed as they prossed forward to shake the hands of the heroes who had dared and done so much. In the midst of all the confusion Lord Sutton approached Sir Guy, who stood leaning languidly against a sup port. The sunlight shone ruddy on his face;. -and the peer cried out in horror- on seeing ' Guy's golden hair wet with blood, and blood pouring from a - ghastly wound on liis- left temple. " It is nothing,'' he said, faintly, in answer to Lord Sutton's exclamation. " A portion of the wreck struck nie as we were getting them off. It will" be bettor soon— it- ." The sentence was ridver'fhlisiied. . Before Lord Sut ton had time to count six, Guy lay at his feet in a dead faint. It was evening of the same day, arid Sir Guy Rosslyn lay raving in delirium. - -: The' Waterwitch ., had put in.-at. Tor- haven, a tiny fishing hamlet on the Cornish coast, near the scene of the disaster to the Southern Cross — Guy's condition had rendered it necessary. The injuries he had ' received proved serious, Lord Sutton made all speed to get on shore and secure a chamber in. the only inn the little hamlet could boast. ;iHo. had despatched j Deysarb. Rbchfort on horseback, tb 'the nearest .station to' telegraph for a- physician, sihd jn,the: meantiine his lordship kept vvatch. by his friend's bedside in the stuffy little chamber. ; Oh: the other side of . the bed stood ' one of thosb who had been snatched from the jaws of death by the yachts men, and who was none other than Captain Stephen Kennedy. . . . , ' Guy lay tossing and raving in fever ish delirium, while -the other two counted the minutes till the doctor could arrive. \- At length Captain Rochforfc was seen returning; galloping ' as for dear life. Sutton, hearing the horse's hoofs, left Guy's chamber and hastened down to meet Rochfort. . Kennedy was left alone with Guy. He :bent over him, the lines in his stern and . weather- beaten face softening as he listened to the muttered ravings that fell from the feverish lips of the young man. The trembled words which Guy had repeated . with unvarying persistence since the afternoon were as an unknown tongue to Lord Sutton. To the sailor wlio was thus strangely brought into contact with the baronet, Guy's say ings were, not quite incomprehensible, - for he held a key to their, meaning. Backward through the past that poor soul wandered in its helpless uncon- aciousness, and raved aloud about the . halcyon days of hisjlove's young dream and the heavy sorrows that; hadrfallen', upon him later. The skipper's thoughts were busy as he stood , alone. . .by the ...narrow... bed whereon lay the man he had looked upon as an enemy in times past. Ho had had-vgqod. .cause-to. rogard him in that light. Guv Rosslyn had played fast and loose : with the girl Stephen Kennedy had' cherished in his heart as .a daughter. , Guy Rosslyn's mother had withheld from that girf her lawful namb and inheritance, and Guy's uncle had wrecked his — Stephen's — happi ness arid' that of the ' wbmari'.'lie'liad so truly loved.' And now it was to this man; whom : he had. such -cause to hate, that the captain of , ;the Southern Cross owed his life. Two' :years ago Guy Rosslyn, by yielding up his uttermost farthing, had made such "atonement as lay in his power for his mother's sin. To-day ho. had pobly risked his life to;save three shipwrecked mariners from ! a' watery grave, one of whom a strange fate had ordained should be Stephen Kennedy. Some such thoughts as these were filling the sailor's mind as he stood in that poor little ohamber, and heard the scarcely inarticulate words that fell from Guy's parched lips. "Tell herT saved his life. Ask her to forgive me now. , . I have waited; so lprig to fee forgiven. I have prayed that heaven 'would let me atone for the wrong I did her. I have prayed that she might be happy. But she is nob married ,to him yet. Ho, no, no ! Hcstev — -Hester — Hester 1" The wild cry thrilled through every nerve of the sailor. Some nameless impulse moved him to put forth his hand and to touch witli a compassion ate gesture the white and restless one on tho coverlet. " Why don't you speak, Hester ?" the weary tones went on in hopeless entreaty. "I took him out of the water because I loved you so. Ah, merciful Heaven, she is dressed for the bridal, and the hyacinths are on her breast— and the waves are coming nearer — nearer." " Who is Hester, I wonder ?" whis pered Lord Sutton, gloomily, looking down at his friend. The sailor was weighing matters in his mind, and to Lord Sutton's remark he made no reply. chapte"xxxiii. Normanby Ohace was shut up. Heavy shutters excluded the light from the spacious rooms. The furniture was dis figured by coverings of brown holland. Silence and darkness reigned through out the grand old mansion. Hester Glyde had decided in her own mind that she would never live at tho Cluice. Once she had thought to reign there as Guy's wife, but now that could never be ; and to dwell in the home that had once been his without liiui — to walk through the rooms which once had echoed to his beloved footsteps, and never to meet him there — alas, how could she endure that? So, after a three years' sojourn abroad Hester and Mademoiselle du Boisson returned to England. It was a very quiet life that the two women led in Hester Glyde's beautiful Belgravian home. The girl had her books, her music, and 100 other pleasant occupations to while away her time. Then there were poor homes that her bounty could cheer, and little ragged children to clothe" and feed — indeed Hescer was neither useless nor idle ju-those days. One morning she read a paragraph in a daily newspaper which opened the old wound afresh. Mademoiselle, entering the breakfast-room rather late, found the girl in an attitude of deep grief, her face hidden in her hands. In answer to Eugenie's question, she pointed to 'the newspaper, and the- Frenchwoman ..took it up. The first thing she saw was 'a paragraph cori- \- taing a glowing account of the heroism displayed by Sir Guy Rosslyn, Captain -Rochfort, and the sailor, in accom plishing the rescue of tho three sur vivors of the wrecked merchant ship. The paragraph concluded thus— " We regret to add that Sir Guy Rosslyn is now lying at .Torhaven, in Cornwall, in- a precarious state. The baronot. received' some- very severe injuries in the performance of his noble task. These injuries liavo -resulted ;iri. a dangerous illness. Sir - Guy's phy sician entertains but little hope of - his recovery." ; . . . ; Mademoiselle put down .the "'-'paper and laid her hajid caressingly onV.ltlie bowed head. . The sympathising; action roused the girl frojiti the stupor into which she had fallen. ' Y " He is ill, Eugenie — he is 's dying ! Oh, Guy, Guy !" And; then she ^be gan to sob, trembling like one stricken- 'with "ague! ' V;' Mademoiselle sought to comfort her with tender words and caresses,! p jbufc .Hester refused to be comforted.' Her. heart .was torn by, c'onfiicting, emotions. ! Joy for her adopted father's '.' escape from .a fearful death; exultant pride at- Guy's noble action, and grief for -his' illness, struggled for the masteryjin her heart. Then, too, there, was the strange arid wonderful thought' that' the two men she loved best on earth now stood in a singular arid striking relationship to each other— that " of saviour and saved. Strange, indeed.! She could not realise it. . Shb ;could only- weep, and weep as if her ' heart was broken, and, when Eugeriie .was not present, press her . 'lips with pas sionate yearning on the printed para graph that told, the story of Guy's heroism and peril. .. Late that evening she lay pale' and spent with grief on a couch in the drawing-room. -A shaded lamp oh the centre table diffused a. mellow light, and heightened the delicate beauty of 'Hester's face and form. Mademoiselle du Boisson was reading aloud, whsn she was slightly- startled by a. loud peal at the front-door bell. The next minute a man in a pilot- cofit, and holding his cap in his hand, ontered trie brilliant room. He looked with dazzled eyes from the French woman at the table to the white-robed figureion the couch ; and then with a yearning smile he held out his arms. Hester uttered a little cry, and has tened to meet his embrace. . ' > Towards sunset on the third ' .day of his' illness Guy Rosslyn fell into a heavy sjeop. The hired nurse who had been sum moned froin London by Lord Sutton was gone to her. room to snatch a few hours' repose. Langston had that morning departed for his home in Hampshire, summoned thither by in telligence of his father's illness ; . and during, that long sleep Lord Sutton rind Deysart Rochfort kept watch by Guy's bed. . The September sun set in crimson glory ; the twilight deepened into night. The inmates of the irin settled down to silence and slumber, and no sound broke the stillness but the plash of the waves on the rooky shore. The flickering flame of the night-lamp cast weird shadows on the white-washed walls, and revealed the pallid face of the baronet as it lay on the coarse pillows. His attitude was one of com plete exhaustion. Guy slept on, nor dreamt of her who was every moment drawing nearer. f . About four o'clock ho stirred in his sleep. The watchers held their breath ; on his waking hung life or death. Which would it be? It was, life. The blue eyes mot theirs calmly — the fever- flush waB gone from cheeks and lips — his skin was moist and of a natural hue. While they hung over him with bated breath he smiled peacefully at them and- again fell into a calm slumber. The two young men grasped hands aqross tho bed. A hot mist rose in the soldier's eyos, and from Sutton's a tear fell on Guy's wasted hand as it lay on, the coverlet. "k As early as 9 vclock the doctor paid a visit to the baronet. After making a , few inquiries of Sutton and . the nurse, he beckoned the former out of the room, and held the door close while he whispered — " He has taken a turn for the better, the fever has abated; but there is still great mental distress; Tie lady has arrived, you say ?" "Yes, a few minutes ago," the nobleman replied, in a low tone. " She may seo him at once, and I'll drop in again by-and-bye. Good morn- ing." Lord Sutton laid his hand on the doctor's arm to detain him. " But — but the excitement ?" he whispered. " Won't hurt him,'' was the signifi cant reply. " Her presence will cure him faster than all my medicine, if I am not mistaken. You may prepare him for her visit, if you think best — but don't agitate him.'' He departed. Sutton went back into tho sick-room and dismissed the nurse on some trifling pretence. "Guy, old fellow," he said, softly approaching the bedside, and making an effort to speak with composure, but getting very red in the face, "I havo something to tell you." Guy turned his face slowly towards his friend, and bent an inquiring look upon him. " There is one upstairs — no, down stairs, I mean — who. wishes to — to- — to — to " At this point of his speech Sutton broke-' down. Guy meanwhile continued to regard him with question ing eyes ; and that calm and earnest gaze so confused Sutton that he let out the secret without further delay — " She is come, Guy." Directly he had uttered the words he looked at Guy in alarm, to see the effect of his. rash communication. Guy, however, appeared quite calm, but a little surprised. '. " Who is come ?" he asked, 'in a feeble voice. ; - . Why — why— can't you. guess, ; old . fellow ?" replied poor Sut'tori, desper ately, inwardly, upbraiding himself for having,' as lie phrased it, " made a mess .of it.'' .. T By an "al most superhuman effort Guy raised himself upright in bed : a (bright light glowed in his : eyes; his- pallid brow turned crimson. Lord Sutton saw he had guessed aright. "Let me see- her!" ho gasped, and lie fell back pauting oil the pillow, .while the blood rushed back from his cheeks and brow, leaving them pale as death. . . ' : ' " For heaven's sake, try to be calm, old fellow !" implored Sutton, as he left the room. . . Guy did not hear" him; lie lay white and still- as marble, his eyes .fixed' in a , trance-like gazfi on ' thq, door, .every : fibrie of his being stretched to its fullest tension. So lie waited for her. 1 ; There came a footfall on the thres hold, a light touch on the latch of the door; and then it opened slowly and .Hester stood .before him. ... .. For one instant, as Hester stood on .the threshold of Guy's sick room, her lover's whole soul went out to her. in the yearning gaze of his eyes, which devoured her as she stood, and then his lips parted in a peaceful smile.;.'. " Hester," he sighed, in a tremulous whisper — " Hester !" The next moment she was beside his bed, his head was pillowed on her breast, her sweet lips mot his in. a long and silent caress. In that moment of passionate delight the past was for gotten. » . # » Down on the rooky shore Deysart Rochfort walkedalone. The salt breOzes blew in his face, the long waves rolled ceaselessly up the shingle and spent themselves at his feet, the sea-mews wheeled above his head, uttering harsh cries ; but, not seeing, not heeding, tho soldier strode along, putting miles between himself and the little inn wherein the now unitod lovers held sweet communion together. Long arid fierce was the battle that raged in the soldier's breast, deep and bitter the pain in his faithful heart that day, . " Oh, my love, ;my .lost love," he murmured. " I will try to be content, for he js worthy of her — more worthy than I— -that . I know full well. Heaven bless my darling, arid make her happy all the days of her life ! " ' . He flung himself down at length under the shadow of the rocks, and — brave soldier though he was — wept bitterly. # " I-Iester," said Guy; " have you forgiven me S" " Oh, Guy, I have nothing to for give," she answered, meekly. He went on, scarcely heeding' her words. " I have prayed so often that Heaven would 1st me make . some atonement for the wrong I did you, and when .1 knew whose life I had helped to save I thought my prayer was answered. Who brought you to me here, Hester ? Was it Captain Kennedy ? " " Yes," she replied, joyfully. " I wonder what made him think of bringing you," pursued Guy, blissfully ignorant of the secrets ho had revealed in his delirium. " Well, that does not matter. It is enough for me to know you are here — here beside me — and that this is your hand that I am hold ing. Dear little hand 1" he murmured, pressing it fondly. " How I have wanted it — and you, Hester i " "Not moro than I havo wanted you, Guy," whispered the girl, with quivering lips. "Always 1" ho questioned, with an intent look at her. "Did you ever give a thought to me when that Polish fellow was at your feet ?" Not to save his life could he havo prevented that angry jealous flush from rising in his cheeks just then. Hester trembled a little and was silent. "Why did you not marry him?" he pursued, savagely. " Guy !" " My darling, forgive uio ! But, oh, Hester, when I saw you with him that night at Nice, I felt— nay, I cannot tell. you howl felt." "You saw mel Where?" " At the ball. I was there." "Oh, Guy," she cried, "then it was you I saw !" And Hester hid her face and wept passionately. Guy looked at her in dismay. ! " Do you know, Guy," she whispered, with streaming eyes, "if I had not seen you that night, I should have married the prince ? Oh, do not look at me so ! I was so lonely and unhappy ; I thought you had oast me off for ever, and ho was so kind. I was never unfaithful to you in my heart, Guy, but, oh, so lonely and friendless ; and my longing for. human companionship had grown ! almost beyond my power to resist. When I saw you, or your ghost — I could not be sure which it was — the past rose up before me so. vividly that I thought I should die, and the next day I' left Nice." " And the Prince ?' interrogated Guy. "And the Prince?1' repeated Hes- tor, with a tiny smile at the corners of her Hps ; and then she addqd, gravely, " He is a good man, Guy." „ " I do not doubt it," remarked' her lover, with irony. Whereupon Hester smiled irito his eyes so sweetly that his heart began to throb fast. "Stoop down hnd kiss me again, darling," he pleaded, atl his foolish jealousy gone in- an instant. Hester fell back a pace. " j " You don't deserve such- a favor," said she, promptly. "Only think of my, having to lie here and; -beg for what 2-liav.ii. a. right to demand," fumed Guy J and then he added, with sudden fervour; " Do not refuse me, sweet. I have yearned ; so long for a sight, of you." The pleading tones were not' to be resisted. Tho dark hair mingled with the golden locks on the pillow, and Guy was content. # » # So after all it was as Guy's wife that tho young mistress of Normanby first entered the portals of the stately old Ohace. And on that happy day the bells of Brorno Church rang a jubilant peal,' aiid 'the ancient flag was unfurled from the- roof of the Nor manby Arms. . ' They' stood together — husband and wife— in the library on the first night of their home-coming, arid looked from the uncurtained window at the starry sky.-_, / j . , " My queen— mine at last !" Guy murmured, clasping.' Iris girl-bride "to his breast in a transport of rapture. "How often have I dreamt of this hour as one dreams of a joy too bright to be realised !" ' A happy smile lit up Hester's face as she gazed upward -at the stars." Guy lifted the little hand bearing the wedding ring to his lips. 1 ' " Oh, love, the thought .of my happiness is almost greater than I can bear!" he murmured, . in tremulous accents. " To think that you are mine — mine till death shall part us— and that. , ' .' 'In life's delight arid death's dismay, In Btorm and sunshine, night and day, In health and sickness, and decay. Here and hereafter, I am, thine. : (to be concluded.) 