. Fun and Fancy. ^ A serious —A doctor without one. Of what ought a Ete to be made?—Of fly Pgra- ' - Whai land of ships are most like scissors ? —Cutters. A Eohg beardnear ahive: " Bee it everco humble, there's ho place like comb." When A man drinks like .a fish it doesn't follow that he Is in the e^riih. The potato is said , to be deteriorating, hut it made znany a mash in its better days. Visitor: "Do you love the piano?" Lady; " No; I prefer -death by electricity." " Oh, you have the paper ; please iook and see If anyone we know—has been bom." Science and art have advanced so fast thai a much larger diamond can how bought for a -dollar and a half than for $150. Well, my motto is, ' Live and let live.'" Gassum: "Is it? I thought you intended to be a doctor." What's the extreme penalty for bigamy?" asked a man of an old judge, who answered: Two mothers- in-law." Young man: " Will you give assent to my marriage with your daughter, sir?" Old man (firmly): " No, sir, not a cent." The Misogjnist: " Yes, sir, it is woman's mission in life to make fools of men." The Philosopher: " What a sinecure she enjoys, bless her." Wife: " Oh, doctor, Benjamin seems to be wandering in his mind!" Doctor (who knows Benjamin): "Don't trouble about that, he cant go far."; A crotchetty London journal asks " if it is ihe pink faces of American girls that charm so many foreign admirers ?" No 1 If s the girls' greenbacks. Mistress : " Did you put the coal on the stove,Bridget?" Kewimportation: "Idid, mum, but it will be some time before it gits hot, fur the fire's out." Mistress: " Norah, you must always sweep behind the doors." New Servant: " Tes'm, I always does. It's the asiest way of getting the dumt out of sight." He presented a lace collar to the object of his adoration, and in a jocular way said: " Do not let any one else rumple it, darling." " No, dear, I will take it off.'" Bobinson: ''How about that note I hold of yours, Brown? Pve had it so long that whiskers are beginning to grow on it." Brown: "Why don't you get it shaved then?" A little girl, who was entertaining guests, was advised as to their amusements. Drawing herself up, she replied, superbly: " My dear, I have played with children all my life!'" Julia (aged six).: "We'vegot a new. baby at our house." Glara (aged six): " What is it—a boy or a girl ?" Julia: "Oh, we don't know yet, we've only had it two days." What a bold thing that Miss SUnrtlsr should say sot Why, die actually spoke to a perfect stranger on the beach today, just as I had got him to notice me." Judge (to police officer): "Are.yousure, sir, that the prisoner was drunk ?" Officer: " Is it drunk, yer Honor ? Shnre, if heiiad shpoke-through the tniiphone the breath pry him wnd have made the poles ehtagger. 1 Wibble: " I wonder why ministers always wear longtafled coats Wabble: " If you were a country parson with £150 & year salary and a large family, you wouldn't ask such a foolish question as that. 1 Bridget: "Shall I lave the hall lamp burnin', ma'am ?" Mistress: " No. I am pretty sure Mr. Jones won't be home daylight. He kissed me three times before he left, and gave me £2 for a newjwinter bonnet.'" It is said that mice are just as much afraid of women as women ate of micej bnt as their screaming apparatus is not constructed on the same principle, they are. xesttsined from communicating the intelligence to. Ihe people. A man passing through Ja gateway-ih the dark ran against a post. " I wish that post mfi was in the tlin lower Inwor nmnne regions," 91 >T-n was <\- his 1-1»<\- angry m^... - remark. "Better wish it somewhere else," W said a bystander, " yon mi^M- run against it again." Poet's son: "Father, what does .'handi- capped'mean?" Poet: "Bmeans-^-ahemt —in what connection did you hear it - used, my son?" Poet's Son: "lii connection with you. Mr. Brownson said you'i never achieve any lasting fame as a poet, because you were handicapped by nature.' 3 Maiden aunt: "You display a great deal of agility at tennis, my dear. If I had taken such exercise when I was young, I should be a happier woman now." Athletic Neice: " You flatter me, aunt, but I suppose you are right; I had -two proposals on grounds yesterday and one to-day.'" AK IKTEU2G£KT JUBXUIX.—"Have you read anything about this case in the papers?" asked a lawyer of a juror in an grating criminal case. " No. sir, not a word." " Not a word, and the papers have been full of it! : " No sir, I don't read papers, nor any tiling else, for I catft read at all." The juror was sworn. First Doctor: " You have been spreading the report that I have poisoned several people in this town. I want you to apologise." Second Doctor: "Certainly. 1 don't hesitate to say that there are several people in this town whom you have not .yet poisoned. Hope you are satisfied now." Affable Clerk: "Can I be mistaken? Isn't this the Mrs. Crozier whom I met so pleasantly at Fife Island this summer?' His Customer: •'Why, yes, I am lbs. Crozier, and I remember your face, but I thought you told me you .were engaged in religious pursuits?" Affable cleric: "This is the nun's veiling department, madam." Young Lady (entering book store): want a new novel—one of the latest out—but I have forgotten its title." " Here's a 'Midt night Marriage'—just published, and it is having a large sale." " Was it written by a woman?" -"Yes'm." "Have the newspapers denounced it as not fit for a young lady to read ?" "Yes'm." •'• Then it is just the one I want." Einstein (to his partner): "Isaacs, you vas oud late lasd nighd, 1 zee. Dot must stop, Isaacs; -no more drinkin 1 dis jnont'. You hear me, Isaacs ?" Isaacs: " I don'd drink in peesiness hours." F-mrfmn ; « Dot make no differ. You drink ad nighd, and effeiy morning your hands tremble so you gan'tshow a customer any of dose sheap pants mitoud shakin' de buttons off." \- . _ — e at the house of a lady. The company was agreeable, and he etayed somewhat late. As he Epse to take his departure, the lady said, "Pray, don't go yet, Mr. Jones, I want yon to^play something for me." "Oh, you must i ocuse me to- night, it is very late, and I r should disturb the neighbors." "Never mind ihe neighbors," answered the young lady quickly, " they poisoned our dog .yesterday!" Miss Arabella Iiieyier:" "I do liot mind your poverty, George. Until your fortunes mend, I could be happy in your wealth of affection, sod some vine- clad cot " Mr Wardoff: "Pardon me, dear, you know I am only a poor -clerk,'and cottages are out of the question. Could you be happy in a third floor back furnished room, with a sewing machine buzzing overhead, and some fiend below cooking cabbage ?" Miss Arabella • ^Maybe, George, <lear, we'd better-wait e&er; fife(li-80-pin.): " What's that horrible Odour.? Smells like alcohol." Husband- ' Fes, my <dear, ire use alcohol at the lotfce for initiations. Take some alcohol. liaihiiL putfeome fealt in the flame, and it mves a ghastly yellow 3i$it—miikes folks look like ghosts, you know." "Wife: "Bui that odour- tomes from your brejtfh." .Husband- I personate the chief demon with the flaraes comingfeom his-mouth. 'Hakes mouthful of alcohol end a swallow of " salt, and than set fire :to it. Sut, m'dear, youstnustot tell thc&etilings.; -Secret s'mety. Secrets "verv sscrad. iyou 4now." 