Diocesan. VISIT OP HIS GRACE THE ARCH BISHOP TO CLARE AND SEVENHELLS. On November 20, the last Sunday after Pentecost, the Holy Sacrament of Confirmation, 'was administered, by TTir Grace the Most Reverend * Archbishop Reynolds, in the Church Of St. Michael, dare. His Grace had arrived a few days before, towards the-close of the Spiritual' Retreat ' given by :the, Reverend Palmer, Dietel, S.J., first to fourteen, and the second'time to fifteen priests of the Arch Diocese. On Sundt^ Morning, aiN»r hav ing celebrated Rkly^Majjis in. {3t. Aloysius Church, the1 Aiwbfshojp - was - driven to Clare^ stfhetfr he- Was -- met' by a -great number of people. At the entrance of thebhurch' hbwas i^beirea;^)if :the tj^st6r and r acolytes'aWdv conducted! up to- tbp; Sanctuary* whapt^e',,Airo£^^'%i^^ng1 by tWthbir. At ' 111 omock' the! Divine ; serin6e commenced, WlnpH' wa& 'Celebrated'' by! tJieE pastori, ' Dunbg 'the '.Holy fMb8&'J b^ 'the'chbibf ili a ' very edifying manneri1. After Mass His terrace addrbSsed 'those 'who werp to be': cohsdriied, aS%^l as fchfe rest pf the con-. grfejjatiiJiVOn thebnpbjiraiice of the Sacra ment1, bf Confirmation as a powerful means to be etrenjgthbiied in -faitU in' these our days of rbligious indifference,when so many are in great danger of being misled by false principles and-bad examples. After the sermon the administration of the. Holy Sacrament took' plade,. seventy persons being confirmed. .As' usual, the Archbishop 'exhorted the chil dren to take and to keep the pledge of ., total abstinence up to the twenty- first year of their age. , Sevenhills.—In the , evening of the same . Sunday the Most Reverend Arch bishop gave Confirmation in St. Aloysius Church, to seventy-seven persons.- The Holy, edifice. was nearly -filled with the people that had come from Clare, Pen- , wortham and Mintaro. After the usual evening service His Grace spoke to those who were to be confirmed on the effects of the Holy ^Confirmation,' and on the obligations which were connected with the same. The gifts of the Holy Ghost, which were bestowed upon them, would enable them to hold out in the midst 6f dangers, not only to keep their faith'unimpaired, but also to lead a life worthy of their pro fession in any situation of their life. After the administration of the Sacrament the young were induced to take the pledge of total abstinence, in order to fortify themselves against the ruling vice of in temperance. The Divine service was concluded by the solemn benediction of the blessed Sacrament. Although in feeble health, His Grace went through the whole ceremony with his usual earnestness and zeal. He left SevenhillB on the follow ing day. 