BATHURST QUARTER SESSIONS. BATHURST, TUESDAY. At the Quarter Sessions to-day, before Judge Docker. Albert Rex, charged with stealing a horse, the property of Thomas Tobin, was found guilty. John Hawson, charged with assaulting Simon Wilcox at Essington, waa duoharged. Tohn Tord and Edward Farloy. charged with killiug soten goats with intent to steal the akin« thereof, tho pro- perty of thomas Smeed, were discharged. Honrv Windred, charged with the abduction at Obley of Rachael Cubitt, under the age of 21-to wit, lo years, against the will of her father, was found guilty. Christopher Hado, of Newbridge, and Whittukcr( of Blayney, woro charged with having, ' at Newbndgo, on the 15th Januarr, arranged among themsolvos, and with dit orso other persons, conspired to choat and defraud Frederick Manaiia'd Onkca of Bums of money, and that on 20th January, Charles Alfred Turner havini becomo bankrupt, tho prisoners did, before the making of the sequestra- tion order, whilst the said Turn« was in inaolt ont circumstances, conspire among fhamselvcB mid with divers otu ora to causo an ahonution and transfer ol certain property of tho said Turnor to be mado, with intent to defraud F. M. Oakes, a creditor of the said Turnor. The defence is that at the time of taking the substituted bills from Turner, they did not know that Turner was insolvent or had com- mitted an act of insolvency. His Honor put the following questions to the jury.-I. Did tho »?ccused know that a promissory-note had been i /en by Turner to Oakes ? 2. Had they grounds to b"liove that Turner w ouldbo unahleto meet his bill to Hade whon it should becomo payable ? 3, Had the accused reasonable grounds tor believing, and did thoy in I patt bohove, that Turner would shortlv become bankrupt * 4. Did the'accusod know thottho effect» of the immediate paymont of tho original promisoorj - noto by an ante-itated substituted noto w ould bo to dofraud Oakes of any money ho would othorwisn be entitled to » 5. With this knowledge, did thov agrco together to causo the alionation of certain property to effect the payment of the said bill f Mr. Crick asked Ina Honor to direct the jury that before they can convict the accnacd they must bo satisfied that thoy knew at the timo of tho alleged conspiracy that au available act of bankruptcy hld been com- mitted by Turnor. I LATE-. The jury in the case of Hade and Whittaker returned a verdict of acquittal BOWRAL, TUESDAY. It u probable that 100 extra men will shortly bo put on at tho Government railway quarne». Iho weather is cold, with a few light showers. Ram fell this afternoon. CARCOAR, TUESDAY. Af tor several day» of fine bright sunshine, with frosts during tho night, it is cloudy this etomng Notwithstanding tho longthoncd froats during July, all kinds of stock keep m fair condition through tho various pastoral holdings in thod~trlct. The ram registered for July waa 2m. 88 points. The quan- tity that foil hore m July, 1891, was oin. 17 pomta. COOTAMUNDRA, TUE_DAY. Tho town ia crowded with vialtora for to-monow'a railway demonstration, races, _.c. The Mayora and aldermen oro being cntertauicd to-night by the Maj or, Alderman Miller, at a social meeting in tho a own Hall Alderman Sinclair has boon elected first Mayor of Walloiidboor. The Railway Commissioners were interviewed this morning hy tho Mayor and Mi. Barnes, M L A , urging the building of au oser-bndrro or otliei crossing ovor the raliway. Thoy promised to give the subject consideration Good reports of the lambing have been received. Tho crops aro doing well. Ploughing and sowing ore not yet finished. There i» evcrv prospect of largo returns, tho season being etcoptioniilly good. GRATTON, iucsDAY. A mooting of tho local bench was hold to-day to consider a circular letter from the Board of Health ro tho extension of the operation of tho Dairies ¡supervision Act to Grafton and distuct It waa de- cided by a resolution to recommend that the provi- sion» of the Act bo extended to within tho limits of tho population area of Grafton, the question of ex- tension to tho city proper being loft to tho decision of the boiough council. Soveral other sugarmilla started crushing this week, -he cauo in aomo plantations on the Lost or Clarence ia affected in yield from disease, but above Maclean tho cropa look well. Several planters from tho lower river intend ploughing out tho infected caneficida and replanting with cuttings from tho Upper Clarouce At tho annual meeting of the Clarence River Cale- donian Socioty to-night, tho report showod that there wore 90 membora during the post year, the income amounting to £259, and the expenditure to £229. Dr. Young waa elected prcsidont for the ensuing year. GUNDAGAI. TUESDAY. On "saturday afternoon Mr. Kenneth Mnckny, of Wu'londbcon, dektcred a very interesting nddrcos here on the subject of the desirability of establishing a butter factory and creamery in this dibtrict. There was a large attendance. Mr. Mackay was frequently applauded, and at the close rceived a hearty vote ot thanks. The further consideration of the question of establishing a factory has been ad- journed for a month. HARDEN, TUESDAY. Great diosatisfaotion 1» felt at the delay in making a start with tbe new post and telegraph office here, so long promised The ilaj s are delightful, but the night» are cold and frosty. Grass ia very scarce, and stock, especially cattlo, ara not looking co w oil Hie Hon. R H. Roberta's ram, Golden Horn the Second, recently purchasod for C35 guineas, was hand-shorn on ¡saturday, and cut oter 211b. of wool. It is stated that the owners intend to »end the fleece to tho Chicago Exhibition. _ -NTBREL-, 'TUESDAY. At meeting of the executive committeo of the Rail- way League it waa decided to try and induce the I Publio Works Committee to visit the district and in- j 1 «peet the n.-l route» before submitting their report to Parliament. Should the committeo accept the mt itation a quantity of fresh evidence will no laid before them which will prot e that the Uno t j Inverell would almost p it from tno start Ninotv-t<vo points of run loll on Sunday, and tho prostiocts of a bountiful harvest w ore never bettei. At a full mooting of the municipal council (with tho exception of tho Major) jcstoiuay it was unau imnusly íesolted to ctpuugo tho mmulea of tho special mooting held la«t week, at winch it was do- nde- to puicuaso tho \\\ ho ii Edith pumping plaut for i 100 LISMORE TUD'DAY The sectional commit! JO lort to-day by coach for Bvron Bay. A lawn tennis match-tho Casino Club versus Lismore-w as played ou tho court hero yest rday, and was won by tho latter by 11 sots against i. "MOSS VALE, TUESDAY Wo havo experienced rather voriablo woathor dnring the past two days Yosterday forenoon w aa bright mid wann, but in tho ovejiug ruin fell, 21 points being rcgiatoro 1 It waa tory cud during the nicht, with a thick fog to-day It bru been cold and dull. A hailstonn possod oter tins evening MURWILLUMBAH, TursnAY Tho woathor was showers on bundat andtcrv ti inn _ctterduy. Aheasj shouorfell, listing t'noo hours, tliu moiiung e.irlj, uc.o apm ed by thuude.. It is now ¡mo and tt TTI *I*jn*\ ., ICT-itw The post 10 days linvo hoon lotelj and 'lui, l'l fact too much so bom-, more liho spuug than n-V thlng elsa lam is bully wantol lo-uiqht is vcrv clouly, with otcrj appLorauco oi a down- pour. *N ARK aBRI T. EST, TDTSD _t A o] ecial meoti ig ol tho C liners' Uuiou has been held to fix uniform rates for tho transport of wool It was decided that for distances of from 80 to 100 in los tho chargo ihoulil bo o por ci nt less than 1 out'* rates, tor distances of from 100 to 12o miles, 7\. percent , foi distances of fiom 12 > to l'iO miles, 10 pel cont., mid fiom 110 miles up-* ml, 1- por cont. Wire netting w ill bo carried during the vool season at tho saino ratea Mr Vudion Brown, president of tlio union, tt as p escnted tt ith a gold watch ond chaiu hy tho members, lu appreciation of his sert ices in connection with tho union NEWCaSlLE, TUESDAY. The ship Durbridge arrit ed here this morning from RodoJtio.ro J ho s. is⪙, which is to load Greta coal for ban Francisco, is now m quarautino LAT-H Tho ship Duibndgo was granted prntiquo this afternoon 1 ho vessel, w Inch left Rio Do Janeiro on 28th Mat, oxpc-icuccd rough weather during the voyage, and lost tovcral Mais WAGGA, TUESDAY Light showors fell early this morning 'Iho weather tras uno and cold this iiftirnoou. Iho Mur.umh.dgce is stationery at -it 2m abovo suTuucr lot el At tbo Rifle Shooting Handicap Competition hy the members of the V\ iipga Rosen o lhüo Compam, the h ghost acores were-Jcilcr-on, 57 , Millcnct, 51 . V\ Cox, '9 Ata special mi otmg of tho Murrumbidgco Pastoral and Agiicultural Ac.ociatiou this otcumg it waa dcc'ilod that instead ol tho association holding ü'i anuual bill and dinner in connection with tho show, a social gathering ti"ko tho placo of tho dinner. Iho conimiiaoo will uirau^o a ball during tlio show wcc_. WOLLONGONG, TULSDAI A movement ia on foot to foira a cadet eatalry hoop at Dapto. 