CIIAPTJSlt XIII. Tho roar of tho moving flood, for such, by its noise, it Boomed, as they descended tho river bank, to which Nathan had ao skilfully conductod them, awoke in Roland’s bosom & feeling dismay. “ Fear not,” said the guide, to whom ho im* parted his doubtn of the safoty of tho ford; “theroiu inoio daugoriuono single skulking Shawuee, than ton thousand such sputtering brooks. Vorily, tho ford is good enough, though doop and rough ; and if tho water should soil then young womon’s garments a little, thee should romombor it will not make to ugly a stain as tho bloodmark of a scalping savage." “Load on," said Pardon Dodgo, with unex pected spirit; “I am not.one of them ’ere failure as fears a big river; and my boss ia a droudful fine swimmer,” “ Iu that caso,” said Nathap, “ if thee con* aonts.tothe «amo, I will get up behind thee/ and so pass over dry-shod ; for tho feol of wei luuther-breoches iu quite uncomfortable.” This proposal, being reasonable enough, was readily accodod to; aud Nathan wu in the act of climbing to tho cropper of Dodge’s hone, when little Peter bogau to manifest a prudent duire to pus tho ford dry-shod also, by pawtoir at Jus mutor’s liools. and besoochinK hl»noticl with sundry low but expressive whinnings. buch, at least, was tho interpretation which Kohiml Who percoived 1ho auimal’6 raotious, was inclined to put upon thorn. Ho was, thorn taro, not a little surprised when Nathan, start up from tho stirrup into which ho had olirobf d, luapod again to tho ground, staring around o^alarrn1 n® ^ overy appoaranco “Right Peter !H ho at last muttorml; flxinir his oyo upon tho furthor bank of the rivor, a dark mass of hill and forest that roeo in dim ro liof agonist tho clouded sky, overshadowing tho wholostroam, which lay liko a pitchy abyss botwixtit and tho travellers—“ right, Potor! tuoo oyes is os good as thco noso — thco is tjotormined tho poor woman Bhall not be mur What is it yon boo ?** demanded Forrester: u o WV Jon 1*1^ °* murdering?” Speak low, and look aoross tho river,** whispered tho guide, in reply; “does theeseo tho light glimmering among the rooks by tho roadside?’* ° J “ I see noithor rocks nor road—all is to my eyoB confusotl blacknoss; aud, as for a light, I pj? —otay! No; tls tho gleam of a fire* •Vi??0 ®^oata °*a Qro*fly i** murmured Nathan. I with tones that Beemcd to mingle wonder and derision with feelings of a mnoh more serious character ; “ it is suoh a flre*fly as might burn a house, or roast a living captive at the stake: •—it is .a brand in the hands of a ’camping Shawnee l Look, friend, be is blowing itiuto a flame; and presently thoe will sec the wholo bauk around it in a glow.’* It was even os Nathan said. Almost whilo ho was vet sneaking, the light, which all now cioarly beheld, at first a point as small and faint as the spark of a lampyris, and then a star scarce wggor or brighter than tho torch °f a jack- oMantorn, suddenly grow in mag* mtude, projecting a long and lance-Hko, though broken, reflection ovor tho wheeling curront, and thou as suddenly shot into a bright and ruddy blaze, illumining lull and river, nndevon the anxious countenance of tho travellers. At tho same time, a dark figure, us of a man on* gaged feeding tho flame with frebh fuel, was plainly seen twice or thrice to pass before it. How many others, his comrades, might be watching its iuoreasiug blaze, or preparing for thoir wild slumbors among the roexs aud bushes where it was kindled, it was impossible to divine, Tho sight ofthe tiro itself, in such a solitary spot, and uuder such circumstances, evon if uo attendant had been soon by it, would have boon ouough to alarm , tho travellors, andeowpol the conviction that their enemies had not forgotten to station a force at this neglooted foril^ as well as at tho oilier raoro frequented oub aboro, and thus to deprive them of tho last hope of escape. This unoxpootud incident, the climax of a long series of disappointments, all of a character so painful and exciting, drove the young soldier again to despair; which feeling, the tantalisingsoube that lie was now within but a few miles of his companions in exile, and separated from thorn only by the single obstruction boforo him, exasperated into a spocioa of fury bordering almost upon “ There is but ono way of escape,** he ex claimed, without vonturing even a look towards his kinswoman, or seeking by idle words to conceal the danger of thoir situation ; II wo must pass tho rivor; the roar of tho water will drown tho noise of our footsteps; wo can cross unheard and unlooked for ; and then, if thoro bo no w^y of avoiding them, we cau pour a volley among the rascals at their fire, and take advantage of their confusion, to gallop by. Look to tho women, Nathan Slaughter; aud you, Pardon Dodge, and Emperor, follow me, and do as you soe me do. “ Truly,” said Wandering Nathan, with admirable coolness and complacenoy, “thee is a courageous young man, and a young man of sonso and spirit—that is to say, after thee own sense of matters and things; and, truly, if it were not for the poor women, and for tho blazing tire, thoo might greatly confound and harmfully vanquish tho ovil creaturos, there placed so unluckily on the bank, in the way and manner which thee thinks of. But, friend, thoo plan will not do ; thco might pass unheard, but not unnoen. Docs thee not seo how brightly the fire blazes on the water ? Truly, we should all be seen and firodat, before we reached tho midtllo of tho stream ; and. truly I should not be surprised if the gleam of the fire on tho pale faces of tboso poor women should briuga shot upon us whore we stand; And therefore, friend, tho sooner wo got us out of the way, tho bettor.** “ And where shall we betake us ?” de manded Roland ; tho sterness of whose accents but lll-dlsgulsed tho gloom and hopolossnesa of his feelings. “To a plaoo of safety and of re*t,“ roplied the guide, “ and to one that is nigh at hand; where we may lodge us, with little fear of In* juiiB, until such time as the waters shall abate a little, or tho stars givo us light to cross them at a place where aro no evil Snawnoss to oppose us. And then, friend, as to slipping by thoso foolish creatures who mako such bright fires on tho publio highway, truly, with littlo Peter’s assistance, wo can do it with groat easo.” “ Let us not delay,” said Roland, and added, sullenly, “ though whore a place of rest ana safety can bo found in these detestable woods, lean no longer imagine.” “ It is a plaoo of rest, at least for the dead,’* said Nathan, in a tow voico ; at tho same timo leading tho party back again up tho bank, and taking care to sholtor them, as ho oscendod, os much us possiblo, from tho light of the firo, which was now blazing with groat brilliancy ; “ nino human corpeos—father and mother, Kdam and ohildron—eloop uudor tho three of the door; aud there are not many, white men or Iujuus, thut will, of thoir froe will, stop ovor tho boBOtns of tho poor murdored creaturoa, aflor nightfall; and tho more especially, becauso there arc thorn that boliovo tboy riso at midnight, and roam round tho hoiiBoannd tho clearings, mourning. Yotit iB a good hiding-placo for them that aro in troublo;.and many a night have littlo Poter and I sheltorod us bouoath tho ruinod roof, with little fear of oithor ghosts or Injuns ; though, truly, wo havo sometimes heard strango and mournful noises among the trees around us. It is but a poor place and a sad ono; but it will afford theo weary women aBafo reatlng-plnco till such timo ns *vo can cross the rivor.” Tho words of Nathan brought to Roland’s recollection the story of tho AshburiiB, whom Uruoo had alluded to, as having lean all des troyed in thoir station, in a single night, by tho Indians, and whoso tragical fato, perhaps, more than any other circumstance, had diverted tho conrso of travol from tho ford near to which tboy bad seatod themselves, to tho uppor, aud. originally, less froquonted ono. (TO PR CONTINUKD.) 