tM&il; Jttxu0. LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent).] London, February 26, 1892. That Mr. 'Maybrick' McDougall, as his- friends call him, is quite as great a ' crank' as his straight-laced namesake of the London County Council will be apparent when I state that even thus late in the day he hopes to resurrect public sympathy for the famous Liverpool emjxntpnnev.se. since completing nis leviathan ' History of the Maybrick Trial,' which occupied him two years, and was, to use the author's own phrase, 'ignored by a venal and lethargic press,' Mr. McDougall has busied himself 'col- lecting evidence' for a fresh case. Tins 'is now complete, and Mr. McDougall and Mr. Walter Lumley are at present in Liverpool arranging details. The counsel instructed will be Sir Charles Russell, Mr. Fletcher Moulton, Q.a, Mr. Poland, Q.C., and Mr. McDougall himself. The pleadings disclose that there is both authority and precedent for a new trial in any felony case where mis directions andmisreceptions of evidence are shown. Thepreparation of thecasehas, it is stated, involved a sum far exceeding the amount estimated by Lumley & Lumley, Mrs. Maybrick's solicitors, and the public have shown an almost criminal apathy in the matter of subscriptions. There would be something almost heroic in this persis tent sticking to an utterly lost, dis credited, and hopeless cause, if one could acquit ' Maybrick' McDougall of hunger for notoriety. The sequel to the abominable charge brought some months back against Prof es sor Chas. AlanFyffe,M. A.,byjafoul-minded lad, who was never punished as he de served to be, appears in the announcement this morning of Mr. Fyffe's early death. Eighteen months or two years ago Chas. Fyffe's life seemed full of promise. Coming from Oxford with an honors degree, and the reputation of a brilliant and forcible public speaker, the young man was called to the bar, and almost at once made a name as the author of Cassell's 'History of Modern Europe.' He had recently married, and just been adopted as Radical candidate for a divi sion of Wilts, when the shameful incident occurred which laid his tlife in ruin. Mr. Fyffe had been overworking, and was tra velling home by the rail very tired one night. A lad only occupied the same carriage, and on arrival at Cannon-street this youth made certain 'charges against the professor. A strong man might by a miracle have escaped a scandal. But Mr. Fyffe was not strong. Naturally nervous, sensitive, and delicate-minded, the horror of his situation paralysed him with terror, and he foolishly gave a wrong name and address. This irretrievable mistake drove the poor man distraught when he realised its probable effect on the public, and in a fit of madness he attempted suicide. Not withstanding weighty evidence to charac ter and* the wrstched figure cut by the prosecutor, Mr. Fyffe was committed for trial, but the Grand Jury at the Old Bailey threw out the bill against him. He ought, no doubt, then to have pro ceeded against his accuser for perjury, and probably would have done so had he ever fairly recovered. But he never did fairly recover or hold up his head again. Innocent, he had nevertheless behaved as though guilty, and the knowledge killed him. The affliction of the House of Commons at the removal of Sir George Campbell to another world, and let us hope for his own sake a more extended sphere of action, is not, it must be confessed, of a very over powering description. As an adminis trator in India the old man was* currently believed to have been highly successful. As a legislator in England he proved a dismal fiasco. Though a poor speaker, with a harsh gritty voice and indifferent delivery, Sir George insisted on holding forth at portentous length upon every opportunity. Last session the member for Kircaldy played a leading part in the discussion of six important measures, and also talked on twenty-one other different subjects. Nothing came amiss to him. He was equally at home debating the London Police Bill, on which he made 55 speeches, and the Zanzibar mail service. I need scarcely remind your readers of the nuisance Sir George Campbell was anent the Western Australian BiH a session or so ago. His rising emptied the House like a flash. He would then address the reporters. Three-fourths of the baronet's speeches were neither listened to nor re- ported. Apart from his exuberant ver bosity and meddlesomeness Sir George bore the reputation of being a kindly and hospitable old gentleman. ? A mysterious disappearance of an un nsual and romantic character is at present engaging the attention of the detective police. Early in January Mr. William Robertson Iidderdale, a son of the gover nor of the Bank of England, and himself a bank manager at Uminster in Somerset shire, left home on a visit to London. He was thirty years of age, just about to be married, and busily engaged furnishing a home for his bride. Whilst in London he visited friends and relations in ordi nary fashion, and that was the last seen of the young man. His affairs on being looked into proved in perfect order, and there is not the slightest room for sus picion of a vulgar fraud. About a fort night ago the Times contained a notice of Mr. Lidderdale's death on board Miss B. A. H. Vining's yacht Foresight on the 30th of January, but where was not stated. The deceased's relatives at once advertised imploring Miss B. A. H. Vining to send particulars, but no notice was taken of tins request, and on enquiry at Lloyds it transpired there was no such vessel as the Foresight. Mr. Lidderdale's friends do not place any reliance on the announcement of his death. They believe him to have been kidnapped by a rival of the bride-elect. The suspected kidnapper Ls a lady of fortune, who possesses a yacht, and, according to report, had sworn he should never marry another. She is believed to have lured her lover aboard, and then sailed away, leaving the announcement of his death to be inserted some days later. It is seldom the same month produces two volumes of short stories of such ex- j ceptional merit as Mr. Morley Roberfcs's i 'King Billy of Ballarat' and Mr. i Ambrose Bierce's 'In the Midst of Life.' , Of the former, which I warmly com mended to your readers' notice last mail, no more need be said now than that some of the ablest reviewers confirm my judgment. The price and get up of the volume are againstit, but neverthe less the Bookman's city correspondent gives ' King Billy' as one of the fictions he Ls selling best. 'In the Midst of life' consists of a lot of tales of battle, murder, and sudden death, by an American. They are mostly laid during the Civil War, and ghastly is a feeble word to describe the majority by. For example the first story, 'The Horseman in the Sky,' relates the manner in which a young soldier fighting on the Federal side finds himself forced by duty to shoot his own father, a Confederate scout. The lad is lying in ambush guarding a secret pass when the Federal scout on horseback appears and i# another moment will discover the Con federate's all important secret. His father's parting words — ' Whatever happens, boy, do your duty ' ring in his ears. He fires, but at the horse not the man. The beast which stands poised on the edge of a precipice leaps into space. 'At that moment,' says the author, 'a Federal officer many thousands of feet below looked up the gigantic face of the rock and saw an astonishing sight — a man on horseback riding down into the valley through air. Straight upright sat the rider, a strong clutch on the r*?ins to hold his charger from too impetuous a plunge. From his bare head his long hair streamed upward waving like a plume. The horse's motions were those of a wild gallop, but even as the officer looked they ceased, with all the legs thrown sharply forward as in the act of alighting from a leap. But this was a flight ! Filled with j amazement and terror, the officer's legs i failed him. Almost at the same instant he heard a crashing sound in the trees — a sound that died without an echo, and all was still.' ' An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge' describes the sensations of Peyton Farquhar during the few seconds pre ceding his being hanged as a spy and nis body dropped into the Alabama at Owl Creek Bridge. If you can recall the sensations of the man killed by a shell in Tolstoi's 'Sebastopol' you will under stand the sort of experience this story details. The coup de grace describes how Captain Madwell, crossing a recent battlefield at night, amidst the dead comes upon the still breathing body of his friend Caffal Halcrow. The latter besides being badly wounded has been disem bowelled by the swine which are rooting about and mutilating the corpses. Caffal signs to Madwell to kill him. What is the latter to do ? Help there seems none within hail, and if Madwell stirs from the spot to try and get some the pigs will — well — finish their work. Madwell works himself up to putting a revolver in his chum's ear and pulling the trigger. It snaps. ' Captain Madwell rose to his feet and drew his sword from the scab bard. He passed his fingers along the edge from hilt to point. He held it oufc straight before him as if to test his nerve. There was no visible tremor of the blade, the ray of bleak skylight it reflected was steady and true. He stooped and with his left hand tore away the dying man's shirt, rose and placed the point of the sword over the heart. This time he did not withdraw his eyes. Grasping the hilt with both hands he thrust downward with all his strength and weight. The blade sank into the man's body, through his body into the earth. Captain £ Madwell came near falling for ward on his work. The dying man drew up his knees and at the same time threw his right arm across his breast and grasped the steel so tightly that the knuckles of the hand visibly whitened. At the same moment three men stepped silently forward from behind the clump of young trees which had concealed their approach. Two were hospital attendants,- and carried a stretcher. The third was the dead man's brother, and Madwell's bitterest enemy, Major Creede Halcrow.' He had, the reader assumes, but is not definitely told, witnessed Madwell's act, and would use it against him. The three tales I have men tioned are very fair specimens of Mr. Bierce's grisly fiction. '' In the Midst of Death' is published by Chattos at 4s. 6d., and got up, not unintentionally, like Kip ling's ' Life's Handicap.' Smith, Elder, & Co. announce a 6s. edition of Conan Doyle's 'White Com pany,' which some reviewers dubbed 'a second Iyanhoe,' but which I considered very washy stuff, and 2s. reprints of Gissing's 'Thyrza' and 'New Grub street,' both as you know admirable works, and 'The Rajah's Heir' and ' Eight Days.' The secret of the author ship of 'The Rajah's Heir' has been unusually well kept. It should sell well at 2s. Heineniann's spring announcements include Mr. Chas. Lowe's (Berlin corre spondent of the Times) ' Life of Prince Bismarck,' Mr. Joseph Pennell's ' The Jew at Home,' a library edition of Heine in six volumes, translated by Chas. G. Leland, and Buchanan's ' Come Live With (Me and Be My Love' and Maarten Maarten's ' Question of Taste,' in the Crown series. The new -volume of ' The Contem porary Pulpit' (as usual 2s. 6d., or less discount ls. 9d.) contains a selection from the best sermons of Canon Scott Holland. I believe I have before hinted that to those who desire to scrape an acquain tance with our great preachers this periodical should come as a boon and blessing. Spurgeon, Farrar, Dr. Benson, and the late Archbishop of York are already obtainable in the ' Pulpit' series. Wasn't it, by the way, Canon Scott Hol land who, when preaching as a very young curate, exhorted his congregation to give more freely in the following words: — 'My beloved brethren, give freely ; be not content with giving a tithe, give a twentieth.' Too many irons in the fire have brought; that erstwhilewealfchy manager, John Hol lingshead, to bankruptcy in his old age. ' A sad ending this to 'Practical John's' business career. He first of all suc ceeded as theatrical critic and dramatic author years ago, but it is as the illumina tor of, to use his own historic phrase, 'the sacred lamp of burlesque' at the Gaiety he _ will be best remembered. Hollingshead built and opened the Gaiety, then a revelation of luxury to theatre goers, in 1868. Toole appeared there in an admirable series of comedies and comic operas during the following years. The comedies are still in J.L.T.'s repertoire, but the operas have long disappeared. Some of them could, I believe, be very successfully re vived. What a really funny and melodious work, for example, was ' The Princess of Trebizonde,' surely one of Offenbach's masterpieces. Herve's 'Little Faust,' too, contained a lot of pretty music, and the same composer's '.Aladdin n.,' in which Toole's ' Still I am not happy,' made a big hit. Hollings head must have amassed money in these days, and during the famous Terry Royce - Vaughan - Farren - and - Gilchrisfc period later on. The Gaiety has had its brief spells of ill-luck, fewer perhaps than any other theatre bar the Lyceum in London, but on the whole the house has prospered exceedingly. In cutting adrift from it some years ago, and specu lating in 'Niagara,' 'Waterloo,' and the panorama business generally ' Prac tical John' belied his nickname. Mr. Hollingshead must now be getting on in life, and will, one fears, feel financial trouble more than he once would. Society is exacting in dealing with its adventurers, and if Mr. Oscar Wilde had been merely the posturing piece of affec tation he seemed during the aesthetic craze of 10 years back he would long ago have been suppressed and ignored. But Mr. Wjlde has as select a circle of acquaintance to-day as he had then. This, too, though he is n-arried, and has grown fat and flabby. The truth is, Oscar understands hL= world and how to humor it. As a conversationalist he has perhaps half a dozen rivals, including his bete noire* Whistler, in London. He can talk lightly, brightly, seriously, or brilliantly with equal ease, and his presence at a small dinner party of tea or twelve ensures its success. Of course Oscar has moods. It would never do to be too reliable. His hostess always feels uncertain whether her guest; will come looking fat, heavy, and dyspeptic, and sit mumchance through the night, or whether his mots will make her evening talked of far and wide. Oscar's play produced at the St. James's last Saturday is principally remarkable for its sparkling dialogue and for some dar ing caricatures of ' The very best people.' There is scarcely an untitled individual in the cast, and the argot of smart society has been accurately reproduced. Verbally ' Lady Windermere's Fan ' out rivals even Pinero's 'The Times.' I wish I could remember half the good things in it. The plot, however, can only be described as conventional. Lord and Lady Windermere are a happy young couple until Lord Windermere evinces a sudden and surprising partiality for the company of a smart adventuress, Mrs. Erlynne, whom he seems inexplicably anxious to introduce amongst the very best people. Margaret (Lady Windermere) is annoyed by the gossip of her friends concerning this woman, and disgusted to find from : her husband's bankbook ?hat he is giving her large sums of money. Instead, how ever, of being confused when she taxes him with his perfidy, Lord Windermere smiles and insists on Mrs. Erlynne being invited to their coming ball. Lady Win dermere refuses this outrageous request, threatening if she comes to strike the woman in the face with her feather fan. Mrs. Erlynne, looking, as one of the guests says, like 'an edition de \vjxe. of. some wicked French novel,' duly appearc at the Windermere ball, and shocks every one by her behavior, driving poor Mar garet distraught with jealousy. In a paroxysm of temper the latter seeks the rooms and the protection of an ex-lover, Lord Darlington. Mrs. Erlynne dis covers this almost immediately, and we then have the explanation of Lord Win dermere's scandalous conduct. Mrs. Erlynne is Margaret's mother, whom she believes a saint in heaven. Really Mrs. Erlynne ran away from Margaret's father, was divorced, remarried, and widowed, and is now struggling back to her original social status. Lord Winder mere has promised to help her in society, but only on condition she respects his wife's cherished ideals. On discovering Margaret's flight Mrs. Erlynne, horrified, follows her to Lord Darlington's rooms9 and after an exciting scene manages to rescue her before the peer discovers her arrival. Unfortunately she is trapped herself, and to her horror Lady Winder mere's fan lies on the table. From behind a screen Mrs. Erlynne sees a party of boon companions, including Windermere, arrive. Her resolve is taken. She reveals herself and claims the fan which she says she brought away from Windermere House by mistake. Of course, the widow promptly loses Windermere's respect and help, but she saves Margaret. The last act deals with the reconciliation of Margaret and Mrs. Erlynne and the dismay of Lord Windermere thereat. He dreads the latter revealing herself, but the adventuress keeps the secret and goes abroad, taking with her, as a momento of her indiscreet child, Lady Windermere's fan. The play abounds with witty say ings, bright epigrams, and quaint phrases. Many of these are really clever. Excellent, for instance, is the suggestion that 'a cynic is a man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.' The statements that 'experience is the name men give to their mistakes' (surely this ought to have been said before), that ' the devotion of a married woman is a thing of which no married man knows anything,' and that ' life con tains two tragedies — the one getting what you want, the other not getting it' are very characteristic of Mr. Wilde's dialogue. Mrs. Erlynne (' the lady with with a past, several pasts I should say,' remarks the Duchess of Berwick) has many good things to say. 'I am 29,' she owns frankly, ' where they use pink lamp shades ; on other occasions I confess to 30 ;' while later on she exclaims, ' Re pentance in a woman means recourse to a second-class milliner.' The philanthropic Duchess of Berwick refers to some girl friends as ' dear creatures, very plain, but so good. They make flannel petti coats and all sorts of ugly things — for the poor, don't you know !' Modern epigrams are scarce, and it has been thought by some (I am quoting from the Pall Mall Craeette) that the art of epigram-writing is in decadence and needs encouragement. To supply the encourage ment the 'Epigram Club' was formed about a year ago, and the first 'collec- tion' has just been published by Messrs. Banks & Son, Fleet-street. Whether the volumes disproves the allegation of de cadence the paper leaves the reader to decide. The formation of the club is justified in these lines : — Foxes have holes, and rabbits too, and hares, And other harmless animals their lairs ; Noah had his ark, Diogenes his tub ; Then why not epigrammatists their club ? Of Professor Koch and the consumption cure it is said — Consumption unhindered no longer shall stalk, For Koch, the professor, is Koch of the walk. The Queen's visit to Grasse inspired several efforts. This ? is, perhaps, the best — An ancient king of Babylon, j The wonder of his days, Once left his throne, and for a year In meadows green did graze. Men eaid it was insanitv That-brought him to that ijass— But now, attended by her suite, - ' ' The Queen ias gone to Graese.' Ob the death of tihe great Yankee show man it is -written — Bare old humbug ! would that tbou Wert the world '.hambaggutg now ; Humbug is of life the breath Even yon can't humbug death. Lord Randolph Churchill's beard, and African trip, and letters, and adventures are duly hit off, as thus :— Xiord Randolph's grown a beard. Why should it pain ub ? ' Tie but the mane of ' Leo Afrioanus.' And thus : — fVhen was Lord Sandy moat worthy of \- laughter? Before he began to write ' Letters' or after t Amusing the Commons with smart reparte 9, Or spying the lions from th' top of a tree? 'While a third puts it thus : — With feeble force from Afric'a sultry shore lions, out-Honed, echo Randolph's roar ! A verse on the German Emperor's visit last July is to this effect :— Smothered in steel, bis helmet in his hand, Wesaw the Kaiser in the Guildhall stand ; He spoke— was War the note on which he played? Ro, Peace— 'twas good for trade— was it tirade 1 The Empress Frederick's invitation to the Paris artists to send pictures to Berlin is the theme of several epigrams. Here is one of them : — Tho' begged by gracious lips to go, Parisian artists wouldn't) ; Perchance that all the world might know, Parisian armies couldn't. The cry of ' Wives for the Colonies' in spired the following : — A voice comes from the colonies — ' Oh, for your lives, Send us wives 1' A chorus back responsive flies — ' Oh, by the powers, Take ours ! take ours !' London, March 4, 1892. On 'Saturday last one of the ablest and most remarkable of living Englishwomen passed peacefully away. This was Miss dough, the principal, founder, and manu facturer of Uewnham College, Cambridge. Miss Clough had been a successful school mistress all her life, but it was not till 1871 her great opportunity came. Then at the invitation of Professor Sidg wick she took charge at Cambridge of five girl students. From this humble origin sprang Uewnham College, the success of -which has been remarkable. In 1875 Uewnham TTail was built. In 1880 another hall and more rooms were called for, and in 1888 the college blossomed into the present magnificent block of build Ings. In 1888 amongst the recipients of honorary degress who visited Newnham were the Prime Minister and many other great men, including Mr. Balfour, who lias from the first been a tower of strength to the ladies' college. What Miss dough's ?work was between 1871 and 1880 only those who can remember the prejudices which existed and, to a much less extent, still exist against the higher education of women in the upper and middle classes will be able to realise. Almost every student had to be captured at the point of the sword. Paterfamilias either dis liked, or distrusted, or disbelieved in his daughter going to Newnham. 'If youmust read Latin and Greek and fash your head with mathematics do it at Lome,' he would say ; or ' A girl's place is with her mother ;' or ' You'd be better employed learning to cook;' or 'I can't have my daughter amongst a lot of rowdy college jjoys at Cambridge.' These and 50 other similar objections had to be combated and overcome somehow. 'Tin afraid I shall be obliged to give up all hopes of ever joining you,' the would-be collegian, used to say to Miss Clough tearfully. ??'Neither mother nor father will hear of It.' ' Bring your dear father here,' Miss Clough invariably replied, ' and Til see if I can't make him fchrnir differently.' She usually succeeded. The man who en tered her drawing-room was lost. Heinevi tably partially capitulated before leaving. Miss Clough was after a time assisted J)y Miss Gladstone (the G.O.M.'s only unmarried daughter) and Miss Stephen (a daughter of the judge and brother of J.K.S.), but the genuine management was always hers, and hers alone. Simple and unpretending in manner, though perfectly dignified, she cared little for dress, and would have struck one as an ordinary woman but for her masses of snow-white nair and the keenness and brightness of her eyes, which few things escaped. Al though exceptionally well educated, Miss Clough shone less as a teacher than as organiser, administrator, and diplomatist. She never made a fuss. She never seemed scheming or planning. But her way was generally the way taken. Recalling a dis cussion with the principal of Newnham a Liverpool professor once observed — *' We appeared to be confiding our views to each other, but I discovered on think ing the conversation over, that whilst Miss Clough had turned my mind inside out I really knew nothing of liers.' During the early days of Newnham, when every shaft which academic Toryism, masculine ridicule and undergraduate wit and mischief could invent was launched against the ladies' college, Miss dough's difficulties were such as only surpassing tact and skill could have surmounted. ?'Many countries,' writes a biographer, *' have been governed with less talent and diplomacy, less strength of mind and character than Miss Clough displayed in the management of Newnham. Yet she was adored by her pupils and retained their friendship to the end, whatever their lot in life might be.' She has lived to see her pet hobby a great and splendid institution, respected and admired by educated society in all parts of the world. It has turned out a Senior Wrangler and Senior. Classic, and left its elder sister Girfcon far behind. The work is the work of but 21 years, yet it is complete, may in fact be said to have 'come of age,' and to be fit to look after itself- This no doubt the grand old lady felt, and when at length her energies failed, and tended by loving hands she faded slowly towards the unknown, she did so perfectly rest fully and happily. Anne dough's life was complete. Like the great cardinal she died in sleep. The whitehaired and benevolentlook ing old gentleman who has without doubt for some years past been the ' Champion blackmailer of all England' again made his appearance before Sir Jno. Bridge at Bow-street last Tuesday. Mr. Morland views the proceedings in court with the assumed contempt of conscious rectitude and innocence. When any specially strong point is made against him he smiles sorrowfully as though to say, *« Alas' dear friends, what a whopper,' and -shakes his head. Onlookers in court have grown quite fond of the venerable ruffian ; he is such a clever, clean, courtly, and conscienceless old - scoundrel. Sari Russell was the hero of Tuesday's proceedings. Incredible as it may sound the blackmailer absolutely brought an action against the earl in an imaginary 'Ruth Morland's' name, sndicarried it to such lengths that he was able to put the peer to £70 odd of legal expenses. Finally so sure did the old scoundrel feel of 'landing' Earl Russell that he went to see hin^ at his house. Here, however, he was shown into a room where not only the noble earl fcut Lady Scott and his fiancee, 'Babs,' were sitting. 'We all three,' deposed the earl, ' gave him a good talking-to and then packed him oft' Criminal pro ceedings were discussed, but Lord Russell thoughthehadspentenoughoverthematter already. He therefore simply sent full particulars to Mr. Labouchere. After hearing Earl Russell's evidence the magis trate committed Morland for trial. Mrs. Robert Montagu, who has been committed for trial on a charge of man slaughtering her three-year-old child, ap pears to have been in the habit of ill treating her offspring. At the adjourned inquest an ex-governess related a shock ing story of the condition in which the eldest lad had on a certain occasion emerged from his mother's room after a day's punishment. The little boy's back was a pulpy jelly. Witness threatened to inform ihe Society for Preventing Cruelty to Children of what was going ' on, and ultimately left the house. Mrs. ?? Montagu's religious convictions obliged her* she explained, to be severe with her children. What did their bodies matter 3 It was their souls she longed to save. In appearance Mrs. Montagu is a tall, strong, masculine, and masterful woman, who has all her life dragooned everyone with whom she came in contact. She rides regularly to hounds in the season, seldom missing a meet and following the fox straight as a die. Of Mr. Robert Mon tagu one hears little. His wife, it is understood, brought him what money he possesses ; in fact, Cromone House and estate are her property. Upon the departure of the soft-hearted governess, who objected to Mrs. Montagu thrashing her children even for their soul's sake, the lady engaged a repellent looking person of thoroughly 'sound views.' This lady deposed that Mrs. Montagu always un dertook herself such chastisement of the children as was. necessary for their eternal welfare Witness was not allowed to touch them. She had never known the children excessively punished. The servants' evidence was dead against their mistress. Some had been dismissed for remonstrating ; others left the house when they discovered the 'missus's goings on.' The great attraction of a matinee in aid of the Russian relief fund at the Criterion on Tuesday was Mrs. Langtry in a short frock, doing skirt dances d la Kate Vaughan. Mr. Justin Hunfcly McCarthy wrote a little piece— a very dull little piece — called ' The Highwayman,' a variation of the Claude Duval legend, to enshrine this performance. The Lily, seemingly very little made up, looked not an hour over twenty and blazed with. diamonds. Never, even on Patti, have I seensuperber stones. Her dancing was graceful, but lacked the abandon of the true terpsichorean artiste. Miss Harriet Coveney, Mrs. Charles Jecks, who died at Brighton last week, was one of the kindest and best natured of women in the profession. The daughter of an actor and actress, she made her first appearance on the stage at the age of three, her last when she was sixty-three. Latterly it was as comic elderly women Miss Coveney excelled, and those who saw her as Fanny Squeers, in ' Nicholas Nickleby,' at the Adelphi fifteen years ago, will certainly still smile at the recollection. Harriet Coveney played in scores of melodramas at this theatre and also in many comic operas. She was the original Mrs. Privet in 'Dorothy,' and worked the part up from nothing, playing it without a break throughout the long run. Miss Coveney also created an amusing character in the burlesque of *' Little Jack Sheppard,' at the Gaiety Theatre. Whilst playing this she recalled that she was the original Jack Sheppard of the melodrama of that name at the Adelphi 40 years before. Miss Coveney was the mother of the popular sonbrette, Clara Jecks. . Mr. Ambrose Bierce, the author of the volume of weirdly fascinating battle, murder and sudden death stories, I com mended to your notice last mail, is no callow scribe, but a veteran in letters. During the palmy days of Fun he con tributed frequently under the nom de plume of 'DodGM,' and the late Tom Hood was his intimate friend. Mr. Bierce has been in the habit of thrilling his friends after dinner with .such yarns as 'The Man and the Snake,' 'One of the Missing,' and 'A Holy Terror,' but it did not occur to him till recently to turn them into copy. Once he began to recall them for this purpose, however, he discovered he had quite a collection. Both English and American publishers hare from the first believed that sooner or later ' In the Midst of Life' would 'catch on.' People do love being thrilled, and it cannot be denied Mr. Bierce's yarns are veritable marrow curdlers, worth, froma discomforting point of view, a clothes-basketful of Mr. Stead's ghost stories. Mr. Kipling will 'do no serious work whilst honeymooning round the world. Hedesiresto receive impressions and study men and manners a bit before he spreads himself out on a larger bolder canvas. The long - promised *' Barrack-room Ballads' are published to-day, I believe, by Methuens. Mr. George Newnes has bought 'all rights' in the Sherlock Holmes Detective Stories now appearing in the Strand maga zine, and will republish them in book form both here and in America. There is, it seems, even a more tragic story than I thought connected with Valentine Durrant, the luckless author of the abortive Cheveley Novels, who died the other day. Durrant was a baker's son, and entirely self-educated. A wealthy dabbler in letters 'discovered' him and resolved that his should be the honor and glory of exploiting this second Scott or Bulwer. The patron interested Messrs. Blackwood in his protege, and they evolved together the scheme of the Cheveley Novels. Blackwood's judg ment is generally sound, but having a few years previously somewhat underrated George Eliot, the firm were now in the mood to overrate a promising new hand. Besides 'A Modern Minister' was un deniably clever. Its start would have turned the heads of stronger men than Durrant. The shilling part sold in tens of thousands* and the critics promptly recognised 'the familiar hand of Bulwer Lytton.' Dunant's collapse was almost as sudden and startling as his success or rather pseudo-success. The patron's eyes were not, however, fully opened till 'A Modern Minister' appeared complete. Then the good man jumped to extremes, and from recognising in Durrant a genius condemned Mm as an impostor whose ?flashy superficial cleverness had taken him in. Durrant was always very poor, and for years starved in a garret in London. His patron never took much interest in the personal well-being of 'my discovery.' On the secondhand bookstalls you may one day come across either 'Souls and Cities,' 'His Child Friend,' or 'A Modern Minister.' If you do, spend a shilling thereon. In the light of this unfortunate man's career you will find 'A Modern Minister' at least worth glancing through. Messrs. Macmillan announce 'The Three Fates' by Marian Crawford, Mrs. Oliphanfc's ** Marriage of Elinor,' and ' The Story of Dick' by Major Gamber Parry, all for immediate publication in England, America, and Australia. The circulation of the Strand magazine has touched 275,000. The second num ber of the Idler is, putting smart names out of the question, an improvement on No. 1, but in every way it still falls far short of Mr. Newnes' monthly. The Search lAgki, Arthur Pearson's new three penny monthly, pretends to be nothing more than a rough collection of American and Continental clippings, adorned with a few bought blocks. Cover, paper, print ing, and illustrations are all of the commonest description. I shouldn't have said the venture bad much chance of success, but Mr. Pearson's head happens to be screwed on exceptionally straight, and it is unlikely he has made a mis take. The public he caters for are the mill hands of the north, and in the matter of illustrations no doubt they want size, and not quality or quantity. 