THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURSDAY, FEB. 18, 1892 EPITOME OF NEWS. Jubilee Singers return. Opening night of season 23rd inst. Trades and Labour Band play at O'Doherty's West Coast Hotel to-night. Hobart Polo Club races at Elwick on Satur- day. Five events. Alarm of fire at Railway Station last evening. Bonfire of shavings and rubbish. Miner named Cleary crushed by fall of earth at Golden Gate mine on Tuesday. Programme of Green Ponds race meet (March 30) in this issue. Nominations close on the 27th inst, Mr. Isaac Selby lectures this evening on Darwin and Moses in Chalmers Presbyterian Church. International cricket match, Lord Sheffield's team versus Southern Tasmania, on the 4th, 5th, and 7th prox. Launceston Board of Advice protesting against Government proposal to establish .a Ragged School in that city. Inspector of Mines reports that 25 mining plants will be in full operation on Zeehan field in a few months. To-night the last of H.M. Stanley's lectures at Temperance Hall. Subject - "The Cannibals and the Pygmies." Special cheap train to Launceston on 21th inst. for visitors to the chopping tournament at the exhibition. At Equitable Building Society meeting held at Launceston yesterday, report and balance-sheet adopted as eminently satisfactory. Earl Jersey and daughter are about to visit Hobart. Chiof Justice Way, of Adelaide, arrived at Sydney yesterday from China. Two hundred and sixteen deaths in London from influenza last week. Henry Walter Bates, secretary to the Royal Geographtal Society, is dead. Vice-Admiral Fairfax likely to be appointed to command of Channel Station. Sir W. Robinson is to be offered Agent Generalship of West Australia. Rev. Joseph Johnstone, pioneer Congrega- tional minister at Fremantle, is dead. Lawysr named Salway arrested in Sydney for defrauding a bank. Plebiscite of Eastbourne residents strongly opposes Salvation Army Sunday procession». Pacific Islands trading syndicate, with halt a million capital registered in London. Sir Samuel Griffith hooted by mobs of labouring men at Long Reach yesterday. Bill providing for appeals against Criminal Court judgments introduced in House of Commons. Arsenic found in biscuit partaken of at recent wedding party at Pabiata, at which guests were poisoned. Terrible disaster at Tarrawingee, New South Wales. Quarryman killed by explosion of rack- a rock. New South Wales Assembly is to close at early date to permit of special session to consider Electoral Reform Bill. Proposals for construction of Transcon- tinental Railway ara being publicly venti- lated in Adelaide. Primate of New Zealand threatens to resign and leave theAanglican Church if the right is given to women to vote at parish meetings. FROM time to time in these colonies, there are very plain indications that the system of Government now in force is an attempt to unite things that are unlike and incompatible. One example is found in the leaving of constitutional reforms solely to the Legislature, on the assumption that it is supreme, like the House of Commons. Yet, it is a notorious fact that in all other countries where there are written Constitutions, any change in them has to be made with the asseut or on the initiation of the people, in a manner provided for in the Constitutions them- selves. The dangers and evils of the British system, which has heen grafted on a system which is not British, have appeared plainly enough from time to time, but the inapplicability of the practice carne out most strongly in connection with Federation, which has now become a tool in the hands of the politicians,audsoemslikelytobedragged again and again through the mire. But there are many other examples of the faultineas of our method, and of the mistake that has been made in endea- vouring to work two systems which are essentially opposed to each other. In Great Britain hitherto, owing to the peculiar character of the House ( of Commons for many years as1 an assembly of notables, the honour' of public-men has been trusted to, and the trust has not been unwar- ranted by results. Whether the same trust will be found to be warranted in the future is a question which his- torians have already begun to discuss, the general 'conclusion being, that it will not. In other countries, notably in the United States, where we find many examples applicableto these colo- nies, it is assumed as a political axiom that what can be done will be done, and, as a consequence, special precaution are taken to secure inde- pendence on the part of the President and Governors, and legal advice free from the taint of political feeling and personal interest, which are often one and the same thing. In these colonies, especially in Victoria, where civil dudgeon once ran high, we have many striking examples of the contrary system. A remarkable one was an announcement by an Attorney General that he intended to make all the precedents he required, whilst' at the same time he insisted that a Governor was bound by whatever his legal advisers chose to call law. In other words, a written Constitution was to mean what a political party made it ' fcr their own ends, and ^tliis , remarkable axiom was declared to be incontrovertible. Here was an attempt to work two things that are incompatable. In other countries there is a tribunal by which the written Constitution is inter- preted, but in these colonies we leave the interpretation to the very men whom the Constitutions arc devised t» restrain. Evidently, such a system as this is destined to come sooner or later to an end. Other examples are found in the fact that there was once an Attorney General in Victoria who had no seat in the Assembly, and dared not seek one, and yet he was held to be qualified to interpret the Constitution, and actually was one of a Ministry which brought about the infamous business of what is called Black Wednesday. In another instance there was a political Minister of Justice, who never ventured to give au opinion of his own, but when an opinion was required had to fee private practitioners to do for him what he could not do for himself. Yet, he was, also, held to be qualified to in- terpret the Constitution,audit was con- tended that his opinion was binding on a Governor who was a far better lawyer than he. We need not, however, multiply ex- amples. To those who take the trouble to consider these matters, it will be evident at a glance that we are on most dangerous ground when we make our legal and constitutional arbiters poli ticians. We know too well what poli- ticians will do to gain thoir ends, we know the sort of men who from time to time become Ministers, and we have so many examples that the wonder is that there has not already been a loud demand for a change. There is an instance in which an Electoral and Qualifications Committee so grossly perverted jus- tice, that the Clerk of the Assembly refused, ia spite of all the pressure brought to bear, to certify for costs. We have another example in which a thoroughly unqualified Attorney General uearly made himself judge, as a judgeship happened to fall vacant during his term of office, and solely because it is the practice in England for the ATTORNEY-GENERAL to bo ap ! pointed to any vacancy. Hitherto, an English Attorney-General has always been a man of high profes- sional standing, and his translation to the Bench caused no scandal, nor did it endanger the sound adminstration of justice. But, matters aro very different in the colonies, where the necessity for law-officers causes fre- quently the legally halt, lame and blind to be dragged in without the least regard for their qualifications. Evi- dently, such examples as these, show how much we are astray in still keep- ing up the adherence to the practice at home. What influence political feelings and exigencies have had on our legal officers it is hard to say, but some law has been supplied lately which the whole of the profession is agreed is more than doubtful. In the famous Havfruen case, of which the last has by no means yet been heard, we are asked to believe that boxes can be sawn timber and sawn timber boxes, just as it suits importers who have useful votes, when they want to save some money. Again, in the case of the now famous Royal Com- mission on the V.D.L. Bank, we can only wonder that an Attorney-General did not point out what Topp has laid down so explicitly, the gross impro- priety of asking the Crown to authorise a Commission for what may be called a fishing inquiry carried on by persons who are notoriously committed to opinions adverse to those who are accused. We may wonder, indeed, that the ATTORNEY-GENERAL did not guard the GOVERNOR from being placed in a position which looks very much like an interference with the course of justice, as weil as from authorising a Commission for a pur- pose which is held to be a violation of the well- understood limits of such inquiries, But we can only cite these things as examples of the influence which political feeling exercises, and insist that the time must come when political Attorney-Generals shall cease to be, and when Governors shall be free to exercise their own judgment in dealing with constitutional and legal matters. For there must be no end of trouble and of scandal, if the colonies persist in endeavouring to work two opposing systems. TUB proposal of certain members of the City Council to increaso the suburban water rato to tho maximum allowed by law, whilst the city rate is reduced, is about the coolest thing that wo havo'mot with for some time It has been shown that tho receipts for water supply are moro than required, and as they cannot be used for any other purpose, tile proper courte is to reduce tho chargo to consumers all round. Instead of fo lowing this coureo, which'is the proper ono in the cir- cumstances, tho Committee of the Whole Council recommended that tho suburb in rate shou'd remain unaltered although thooityrata was reduced, and there was not much objec- tion to this, even though the proceeding did not appear to be equ table. But, this does not content some of tho aldermen They want to mako a further pull on tho people who, in muny caaes, uro very bidly served, and th's is thought to be quito a stroke of ingonuity. Now, if tho water rates aro sufficient as they were first proposed, there can bo no excuse for tlie increaso, inasmuch as they must bo' used for water-supply p irposos only, and the residents of Hobart havo no right to expect t) get their water supply partially at tho expense of the suburban districts. It is true that the Council has talked about lay- ing down pipes, but it. lias done that for a long time past, und no pipes are visible, but oven if tho pipes aro luid, that will not alter the case, and there is no justice in making a charge that ia not required. We sei that some of tho aldermen aro ignorant of tho law under which they are aotiug, as thay aaid_ that the suburban residents uecd not pay for the water if they did not want it, hut this is not the case, as whrn a main passes within a certainid-stanoo of u house a rate must bo paid Aldcrm in Watchorn has discovered that suburban residents use the city sticots, und said that they ought to pliy for that privilege, bat ho forgets th it < the city pcop'o use tho suburban roads and footpaths and pay nothing towards rood rates. In short, tho whole business appaui-j to bo a piece of sharp practice, unworthy of the Council, which had better at ouca cany out what it has already agreed to. Sm SAMUEL GRIFFITH, the leader of the party in Queonslund who were most opposed to the introduction of coloured labour for work ou tho sugar plantations, has acknow- ledged his error in the most frank and open fashion, and so powerful is his influence i . tho Parliament and tho country that the in- dustry may be said to be saved. In a few months the plantations would have been stopped wholesale, because under the amended law the supply of labour was to be made to cease. The properties would have been put in the m irket with the cer- tainty that they would have found no pur- chasers, for the simple reason that no new- comer would have cared to undertake what those who had left off trying had found im- possible. This would have meant further b.d times for Queensland, which is already auf fcring severely in many ways from depres- sion, and there can bo 1 ttle wonder that the Premier's recantation has been reooived with delight from one end of the colony to the other. The change of opinion is not an inure ised one. The Premier says small holders can cultivate sugar with the aid of alien labour, and so he will allow them to do so, but he even yet holds to the hope that the system may not always bo necessary, and that Queensland may yet becomo the unrestricted home of the white mau. To that qualification few will demur, howevci they may think the hope a delusive one, the labour on the plantations having been tried by white people of almost all races and proved insupportable. The working man is, of course, grumbling at the introduction of additional labour, even though he cannot compote with it, but people are growing su used to his inconsistencies they almost coane to vi ouder at them. THE Queensland Premier has brought back a very satisfactory account of tho adminis tration of the Government of Now Guinea, the state of which lie was enabled to see during his recent visit to the island. No one who has known anything of the career of Sir William MacGregor in Fiji will bo turprisod to hear of this. His own despatches from his now post have stated that things wcro going on fairly well, but it ia never thclcss still mora conclusivo to liavo such corroborative testimony as that of Sir Samuel Griffith, who is a keon observer of events, and whose word can bo thoroughly rolied upon. Tho only handicap to the present march of ovonts is tho limitod means which tho New Guinea Administration has at its command for doing tho great amount of work which falls to its lot, and in order to enablo tho officials to go about from ono point to another, it is strongly urged that a convenient steamer should bo placed at their disposal. Of course tho first thiug in dooling with the untutored savago is to impress him with tho sacrednojs of human life, and in that respect it is statol tho natuio of British justice is becoming widdy known, the natives having fully seized upon the fact that if thoy kill they will tlismsolvea bo slain in their turn. Sir Samuel was himself present at the trial of a native fur tho murder of a Chinea?, and says the procoedings wera evidently quite understood by the nativos, and their justico acquiesced in by thom. This is surely somothiug to liavo achieve I, for it will render British occupation possiblo on a scale to which it has hitherto been au entire stranger. TUB N.S W LABOUR BURKAU.-Tho Pio mier (Hon. P. 0. Fysh) has receive 1 tim fol- lowing totogram from tho Promier of New South Wales :-" Relative ti the Labour Bureau established hero will you kindly assist me in m iking it understood that the Bureau is in no way to bo converted into an establishment whereby mon can obtain to lief ; neither will any ro ¡of works bo established by this Government. You will, therefore, greatly obligo mo if you will givo publicity to this in your colony in order to provent any miscoucoption on the part of the unemployed as to the purposes for which tho institution has been cstablislmd,-G. R. DIBBS." CAB FARES-"A Visitor to Hobart" complains of tile extortion practised by cal - men, anil saya that a charge of na. was made when .the proper fare, ai it turned out, was only Is. MUNICIPAL.-Tho Muniuipal Council will meet on Fiiday next, at tho Municipal Council-chamb-r at 10 o'cl .ck a.m. to hold an idjourncd meeting re ways and morns. THK WEATHER - t esterduy was ono of the warmest days of tho season, though a cool breeza to some oxtent mitigated tho in- tensity of the heat. Captain J. Shortt re- ports tho maximum heat as 141 in tho sun, and 89 2 in tho shade. CITY POLICE COURT.-Messrs VV. Tarle- ton, P.M., and VV. Ferguson, J.P., occupied the Bondi at tho Police Court yesterday John Howard, convicted of the lurcony of a coat from the shop of W. J. Lloyd, Liverpool street, on the 9th hut., was at the instance of Detective Franklin, sent to gaol for six months. He was an old offender, several previous convictions of a like nature being reoorded against him. Peter Andoison, on a charge of presenting firearms at Hurry Pearce on Monday evening last In the Telo graph Hot:!, wa« committo 1 for trial. There appeared to luvo been a general quarrel amongst a number of persons congre- gated there, mo8tof whom «'ero considerably excited. Anderson nppearoil to have carried the revolvers, ho being second officer of tho Mary Wadloy. for tho purpose of scaring away possiblo trespassers on board tho vessel. Simucl Adams, charged on warrant, with neglecting to ship on board the whaler Waterwitch at Hobart on the 1st December last, in accordance with his signed articles, was sent to gaol for eight weeks. He drew £3 upon an advance note when signing. Cecil Smith, who gave evidence in connec- tion with tho recent burglary at James Sargeant's shop, Murray-street, was liberated on bail pending his appearance at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supremo Court, to be holden on the 23rd inst. Maud Hackett, an incorrigible, was sent to tho Rsfonnat >ry Sohool for tlin. o yours, her mother having acknowledge d lior inability to luko care of her. Churlos Hi lier, for neglecting to pty hospital fee) to the umount of £2, was ordered to pay tlio saina within 10 days, in default of which a distress warrant to issue. James Hankey, fur a like offence, wasordored to pay the sum of £1 2s. OJ. with a similar alternative. COPMK MOTH ACT PROSECUTIONS -In- spector Morriiby report! to tlio Chief Inspector as follows :-Oatlands, February 16\. Sir,-I have the honour to infor.n you that on accouut of not being able to got a Bench at Jerusalem I had to poslpouc cases there on Saturday hut for another day. The following wore called boro and disposed of by the Wurden and Jumos Madden, and R. I'. Jones, J.P.:-Thomas Bruin, Tun- bridge, faiiiug to remove infected fruit, oto. No appearance ; pleaded guil'y by letter. Fine, 10s. a'ud costs Robert Eliott, non- payment of rate. Whereabouts not known ; summons not served. John M. Connor, non-payment of rate. Ko appearance. Fine, rate to be pad with half costs. S. Page, nou-paymont of rate. Fine, half costs. Rito paid into Court. J. E Espie, failing to send in return. Not guilty. Proved posting same ; ordered to furnish return ; case dismissed G. i'. Law and J. Law. Pica guilty ; return to be made. Fine, half costs A. H. Pago anil J. R. Pillinger, failing to send returns. Ho ap- pearance on part of A. H. Page. Fiuo, coits, and return to bo muJe. J. R. Pillinger p'eadod by letter forgetfulness. Fine, half costs and return to bo made. Aithur Wagner ; no appearance Fine, oosts, and return to be made. Gilbert E Butler, failing to send return ; not guilty. Fine, half costs, und return to be mado. FIRE ALARM.-A lurid glare suddenly appeared at the Railway Station about 10 o clock last night causing iho peuling of the ulurm bell, the hurried mustering of the fire brigade, ami the speedy assemblage of a large crowd from all ports of tho city. The cause was tho ignition of a heap of shavings and other inflammable miteriul which hid been allowed to accumulate in aomewha* e'ose proximity to tho goods shod, and which for a time burned fiercely. The railway employees and members of the firo brigade were quickly on tlio spot and aver eel any danger, xa smart shower of ram quickly quenching tho burning embers. . Tin: FRUIT THAWS.-We learn that tlio whole of tho arrangements for this eeuson aro now complete. . Tlio first ship to loud will be the P. and 0. S.N. Co.'s Victoria on Monday next, 22iid inst., to be followed by tho Ooo na, Valetta, Aicudiu, Ballaarat, and Parramatta of the stine company, ut inter- vals of a fortnight. Tho second ship to Uud, Mondiy, 29th inst., will be the 0 ieut steamer Oroya, to be succeeded at foit nightly intervals by tlio Ori/ubu, Orient, Ormuz, and 0 otuva of tho saino lino. The s.S. Ktdoislic has also been char orcd jointly by thu two companies above-named, mid will load on or about 17ih March, leaving direct for London with about 38,000 ciscs irait. The six ships of tho P. and 0. Co. will carry about 100,800 cases, and tho fivo Orient ships about 27,050 o .ses. In addition to tho foregoing tlio B.B. Port Pirio will load in March, and the Port Victor in April, with ubout 19,000 and 14,000 cases respectively, thus making a grund total of about 200,000 cases Tasmanian fruit to be exported to London this season. ALLEGED ROBBERY IN A RAILWAY CARRIAGE, - A Chinese merchant named Tom Sing gave a man into custody yester- day, and charged him with picking his pocket and taking therefrom cheques for £75, £3, and £1 respectively ; £1 in gold, and a quantity of silver. Tom Sing, who it will be remembered acted as interpreter in a recent ouse of manslaughter in which Ah Toy waa the defendant, is a most intel ligent man, and well informed, and much respected in bis business. He state« that the robbery must have taken place in the railway carriage on which he mi travelling to Elwick. When the acoused was searched £7 in gold.was found on him. Tim TAURANGA TRAGEDY.-New Zeuland papers s'ate that Dr. Macgregor, Inspector of Asylums, baa been searching the records in regard to the confinement of Munro, the maniac who recently murdered his wife und children at Tauranga, and finds that ho was admi ted to the Auckland Asylum on Juno 10, 1889, when suffering from an attack of epileptic mania, the second he hud within about six years, and was discharged in December of tho «unie year on a mugis trato's order given ort! the medical officer's certificate. Great pre sure waa brought to bear by his friends to secure his release, and ho was liberated under the clause of the Act providing that a person can be released for 12 months on probation on condition that his friends uuderluku to look after him This Munro's mother and sisters promised to do. Tho Act provides that if the person relcused under this clauso is not returned to th« asylum within 14 days after the 12 mouths have expired, he must be formally discharged, whioh wa* done in Munro's case, .j^, ?' ?i .- .:s>"i I !.,"! .Min J TliKATim ROYAL- Evcry_ part of tho theatre was crowded last night, stnuilit.g room in the pit, gallery, uurl stalls being scarcely obtainable, and tho dress oirelo was thronged to wiinois tho tnird reprasontitiun of tho latest triumph of "Old Drury," A Sailor'* Knot. Tho bcauti'ul dresses an I scenery wera much admired, and tho t-lling situations with which tho pieco abounds brought down tho omnhinod ncclanution of tho house Of tho m iny succosscs achieved by Mr. Uland Holt this certainly tak-s lirat place, the largo audience being an evidence of the fact. The partiauhr attention to tho costumes, manner», and customs of tho period of the play paid by Mr. Ulan I Holt nilly ontitlo bim to tho unstinted pruiso which patrons were not slow in Bhowing last nillir. A Sailor's Knot will be repeated this evening SNAZKLLE. - Tho anuouno^mont that Mr. Sni7.7.1c would submit II now programme had tho etFoct of attracting a very larce audi ence to the Town Hall last night. The change was a welcome one, and the enter- tainment in every respect was up to Mr. Snazellc's usual high standard of oxcollcnoc Whet icr singing, reciting, or telling one of his inimitablo yarns, ho rivotted the atten- tion of his hearers, and at tho conclusion of each it.'in was tho recipient of the most hearty applause. Among the novelties was a raoital of Dickons' "Christmas Carol." This lie read with all the quaint humour and pithoB nccossary to bring out the beauty of the story, and when in addition to that it was illustrated with 20 scenes on the so'cen pr-pared from life m idols, ghost offects, etc, those present could almost fancy thay saw tho grasping old miser, Scroogo, in ovcry-day lifo, surrounded by lui sturving clerk", Little Tim, and tho other oharaoters in the work. The second pnrt of the evening was taken up by miscellaneous solections of readings, songs, an 1 view«. Tho gurdon scene from Fawt was very pretty, and tho pleasure of lo iking on it Was enhanced by a splendid rendering of tho "Mocking serenade." Views of the River Thames, magic statuary, and grand ohrnmi tropo effects wore all good, and these wera followed by the yarn "How Bill Ailinn .Von the Bittlo of Waterloo," which, though old and familiar, gave evident pleasure to all who heard it. For a power- ful rendering of tho "Village blacksnvti" Mr. Snazellc had a doublo reoall. To night here will bo another chango of pi-jgramme, and on Friday night Tennyson's " Knoch Arden," with music and 20 new viows specially Bont for this popular entertainer, will be given for the first time. KVANOELINE.-Mr. A. Middleton, who lins already heralded so many good enter- tainments in th'8 city, is now liera making arrangements for tho otrly production of the notable burlesque of Evangeline, which, after a run of ni iny years in America has boen of lato tho gre it dramutic attraction in tho chief Australian cities. It will be produced hera under tho direction of til composer, Mr. E. IS, Kio-!, and on a scalo of magnificent completeness. The season omi meneos on tho 25'.li int. Mr. WALTER BENTLEY.-The Now Zealand tour of this tragedian is undoubtedly a groat success. In Dunedin for several conseuutivo nights money was roturnod at the doors. The company t»o is powerful. The perform- ance of The Bella, David Garrick, Hamlet, otc., were spoken of by the Press as being the finest ever witnessed in that city. Mr Bcntley'held a reception in Dunedin as a return for the great number of calls he had received, at which the elite of tho place con- gregated very largely. In recognition of Mr. Bcntley's talents, and of hil old asso- ciations with Dunedin, he was presented with a handsome testimonial on his last night, when Hamlet was played. Th's is one of Mr. Bentley's greatest parts. It is lui own version that ho presents, being scholarly, aud at the same timo so interest- ingly arrauged that tho most stupid mind must grasp the full meaning of tho master- piece of tragedies. Mathias, the Burgo- master, in The Belli is Mr. Bentley's cliff d'a-uvre. It was this play that brought Honry Irving into prominence, an 1 is the moit weird and intense conception that ever filled tho stage. Mr. Bentley ia on a tour of the world, and will visit all places of importance in the colonies previous to a visit, which is fixed at the time of the World's Fair, to the Uni-cd Stalos. Ho will visit Hobart shortly. MFXVILI.K-OTRKF.T WKSI.KYAN SABBATH SCHOOL.-Tho anniversary was brought to u conclusion yesterday ny the school picnic held at Beltiua, to which place the bulk of the scholars wero convoyed at 0 a.m., con- tingenta following by later trips of the steamer, the number presout boing con- siderably augmented by tho parents and friends of the scholars, who availed them- selves of tho opportunity of picnicing in proximity to tho children's gathering Amongst those present wero the Revs. Ironside, Lindsay, Thompson, Gifford, and Chupple. The brass band recently formol in connection with the school made their debut, and rendcrod a programme of airs in a mannor which indicates that with oaroful practice it will be a valuable adjunct to tho meetings held from timo to time in the interests of the school. The superintendent», secretaries, and teachers, all had their hands full in looking after tho wants of tho chil- dren, and a programme of sports was gone through with con-ddoriblo zest, all being safely landed again in Hobart before dark, tho only drawback to tho outing boing tho intense hort which prevailed throughout tho day. FOOTPRINTS OF THE CREATOR.-Mr. Isaac Selby lectured on the abovo subject in the Christians' Chapel, Collins-street, last night before un audience which filled tho building That ho has thoroughly cstab'ished tho repu- tation of being an obla exponent of the prin- ciples of his belief is evident by tho increas- ing interact, aroused by o ich of his Icitures Mr. Selby commenced by tolling how Pro- fessor Huxley had reasoned from footprints found on the rocks of Massachusetts to the existence of the oxtinct animal that made thom. If it wero right for a scientific man to do thia it was jiutifiable for a theologian to reason from tho footprints of God to his existence, or, io put it in a plainer way, it was right to accept the verdict of inferential reasoning when supportod by the facts of naturo. Thoro wnro two pos- sible theories of tho universe, tho mechanic's theory, and tho gamblers ; tho one thought that the world aud its in- habitants liad been designed mid constructed by tho Diviuo meohanio, tho other th»ory was that thingi are us they areeithorby nocoa sity or chanco. The second theory was about as reasonable as tho belief that a compositor could throw up his type, and that of necessity tliey would drop down into tho form of a lucidly written treatise, It would be just as reasonable to believe that tho uni- verse «-us what it is by nccossity. Tho lecturer then argued from the oxistenco of life toa life giver ; from design to an intelli- gent design ; from causation to a final cause : from tho moral nu turc of man to tho moral inline of God; from consciousness to the necessity of worship, and from the mareil of intellect to tho truth of rovolation. He sketched out the moral effects of Theism, quoting the words of Voltaire who declared that if thero were no God ii would bo necessary to invont one in the interest of morality. He closed with an earnest exhortation to those who had not yet accepted Christ, to decide for him at once. At the close of tho lecture an oppor- tunity was given to a representative of Atheism to state his viows in tho course of a ten minutes' address. Succeeding this Mr. Selby replied, and then gave permission to any of the audience to put questions. Several wero put, and were answorod by the locttirer in a mannor satisfactory to the majority of the auJionco. To-night, ac- cording to advertisement, Mr. Selby will lecture in Chalmers Church on " Moses and Darwin " ; and to-morrow night will rcluto in tho Christians' Chapel the history of his chango of belief from Atheism to Christi- anity, HUONVILLE SUNDAV SCHOOL -Our corro spondont writes :-" On Wednesday hut, tho 10th inst,, a tca-mcoting and concert were held in tho Wesleyan Chapol. The occasion wai the anniversary of the found- ing of tho Sunday School in connection with that body, and a most auccBsfu! evening Waa the result. About 100 sat down to tea, after which the eoncort was hold, and a lengthy programme was gone through. The promoters were placed ait a great disadvan- tage, sonio of those who had promised to assist having failed to put in an appearance. Vuluiiblo assistance was kindly given by tho Huonville Bruss Band under the leadership of Mr. R SUinnor. ' The Rov. Mr, Gifford, who presided, gava a capital recitation, and an equally good song. Other items were well sustained by Messrs. Goodwin, Turf roy, and Rimon. The selections by the band wero well and carefully rendered, and altogether an enjoyable ovoniog was ¿paul Tho proroods amounted to over £6, and will bo devoted to Sunday School purposes." LITTLE Diiors OF WATER. - Watcr driukcrs have been doing what is collo- quially termed a perish at Broken Hill lately, if what a traveller says is truo.' He avers that during the water famine the price of a nobbler of whiskey wus 4d., but if hu took water with it it was Is. UNCLAIMED TELKORAMS.- Messages ad- dressed Thompson and Co., Franklin Wharf; H. J. Baily, of Adelaide; H. B., Auckland Star office, await olaimants at tho "Tele I graph Office. ' " Í" .. ' ' '! . .. ! ' MARINE EXCURSIONS.-Tho Taranna con- voys passengers to Elwick race* to day, leaving tlio wharf at 12 30 p.m. On Satur- day the Nubien t goos on a pleasure excur- sion to Port Arthur. THE TASMANIAN PERMANENT BUILDING S (JII'.TV. -Tlio annual meeting of members of tlio Tasmanian Permain nt Buil ing Society i» lo bo hold at tho Socioty's olliovs, Club-clinmliors, Collins-stroot, Hobart, ut 8 o'clock (his evening. A special meeting of tlio members of tho society is to bo held at tho samo place 45 minutes Inter for tlio pur- pose of dealing with the rules. REMARKABLE PARACHUTE EXPERIMENT. A remarkable parachute experiment ¡B re- portad from Bombay. Tlio experimenter WHS Lieut. Mansfield, of tho Royal Ni val Reserve. Ho made his use nt from tho Victoria Gardens in that city, sitting upon a trnpozo immediately beneath tho balloon,to which nus also attached u parachute of n now fashion. Tho whole roio to a ha'glit which rendel eil oven tho balloon itself scarcely visible in tlio cloudless sky. It waa now, as appears from Lieut. Mans- field's narrativo, at an altitudo of 11,400ft.-or moro than two milos-com- manding a vast horizon, but tho voyager's hands were so numbed that ho was becoming unable to feel the cords. Then, Bays Lieutontant Mansfiold, " Finding my apparatus all clear, I took the balloon ring in my right hand, drow raysolf clear of tho trapez-, and dropped down into spice. After descending with tarriblo velocity for some distanco the parachute bogan to op:n. At 10,200ft. I was falling at » great «pied, but was fully able to control my apparatus." At 10,000,'t no was sailing down calmly in spaco. Thon he drifted to and fro in various counter currents, and "at 1,000ft. exactly felt the heat from a long, red, iron ohimnoy." Now comos tho moro remarkable part of tho narrative. " Meering my para- chute," ho continues, " to tlio oast ward, I dropped her rapidly to clear tho buildings ahead, and, seeing nothing but houses to descend on, I seleoted the flattest I could rind, and dropped gently down on it." A spectator who watched the voyago from tho gardens gives a vivid aooouut of straining tho oyes till he was just able to discern a tiny whito Bpjok on tho blue sky. After what Boemctl a terrible length of time Liout. Mansfield booanio viaiblo swinging under the purachuto and working tho vulva lines so as to ensure a safe landing when he choose to miko it, "Such a completo master of fio air (says this eye-witness) has never been seen before in this country," Tho balloon fell, as was intendod, in tho sea, whore, being fitted with cork belts for the purposo, it was easily recovered. Lieut. Mansfield, who looks for grout udvuutugcs from this manageable paraoliuto in nuvul operations, has announced tint his next ascent will be with an cntiroly uow appa- ratus specially adapted to military warfare. THE DECADENCE OF BRITISH ARTILLERY. An astounding revelation of army misman- agement, going boyond our worst anticipa- tions, ana far beyond the statements of "V^tus" and of Mr. Arnold- Forster, has recently bjen made. Major Sydenham Clarke, R.E., a short timo ago contributed to the Proceedings of the Royal Artillery Institution a paper bearing the unattruotivo title "Shrapnel Fire." Major CUrko is the author of a brilliant essay ou fortification, and is a careful and thoughtful writer. Tlio first fact that comes out from M ijor Clarke's tables is that the Swiss Militia can shoot tho Royal Arti'lery to pieces. An analysis of six praoticesby each with tlinoshrapnel shows that the Swiss mado on an average 30 hita per round, while the English made only nine. Tile Swiss undo 48 hits per minute, while the English mado eight. The inference wo cannot but make is that the Swiss Militia shoot between throe and six times as well as the Royal Artillery. If a Swiss battery wero pitted at 2,000 io 2,500 yards against a battory of Royal Artillery, the latter would be destroyed in 20 miuutes, Tnc Swiss, it should bo borne in mind, ure only militia. Wo shou d liko a similar com- parison with a French or German battery of professional guunors. Major Clarke's figures prove another point, that " high muzzlo volooity confors no advantage upon field guns." This is a doctrine wo have long preached upon the evidence of Sir Joseph Whitwortb's researches, and it is a satisfaction to find it confirmed by Major Clarke. But what is tho practical result ? The now 12-poundor, mado ut vast oxpensj to rearm the artillery, was built to obtuin the usolcss high muzzle velocity, and it has proved in the practices to bo not so good as tiro 13-pouiider which it superseded. This is a terrible commentary on Mr. Stanhope's optimism.-¡lanehevttr Guardián. 