ANSWER TO CORRESPONDENT. " Od««llo.,,-r3Pi3' the togowlns:iOjjralns nitrate of .Uver to lo*. water, 'Bathethe affected part twloe . d*ily. Give a little Iralphur f\nd magnesia iu food twice* wopk. DOGajLTSYDNEY. B? J. C. COCFK, THK JDDCK. I Althougbttiere was only a Blight advance in the number of entries the New South Wales Poetry bog Sooiety's Show.theim classee- This^^eepecially notioeable in the St. fiat^sxdB,-bollies, and fox terriers, and thereialittle doubt our New South Wales neighbours We o&lftejitfit; trw^r.; Two Tio^. torian exhiblfots-vif., Ifr, O. C.Morpeth (in English Betters),4nA Mt> A. M.0.H'Laurin {&'%$. oft ithe benches, andthwe were several Viotorian fwjctew Jrae^tpataongat others Mr. W. ^ and Mr. W. T, >' Bloodhounds ««e the iirst on (he list, Mr. Saaderaiaubeina theouly exhilMfor, but m' brought out a very nice bltcb, Berkeley Bloe maid, an importation from the kennels of Mr. E. Brough, the well-known English breeder, the second going to a colonial-bred dog. Mastiffs were poor taken as a lot. the bitch puppy shown by Mr. H. Phipps being the only one likely to be dangerous in fair com pany. Newfoundlands.-Only one entry, Mr. F. J. Collar's Captain being the only representa tive-^. moderate specimen of the usual type seen in Australia. Mr. Siddall's Thoosa was entered, but did not turn up. St. Bernards.-There was a slight improve ment in these classes as compared with pre vious years. Mr. Lance's newly-imported dog, Royal Geraint (almost a show in himself] was brought into the ring in grand form, ana won fc&mewhat; easily, Mr. T. Crowdace making a By no means bad second with a dark bundled idbg, the colour being somewhat agaijiat hin^'; Mr. Ramsay's Imperial Leo, an old face, 'jComing third. Mr. M'Keown's Lancewooa Baron, a middling dog, was highly conm ended. Mr. Ramsay scores a win with the veteran Mynda Lady, Mr. Lance coming second with Royal Beauty, a New Zealand bred bitch. In the puppy class Mr. M'Keown won first with a four months' old dog by St. Leonard, a rather promising youngster, the same owner's Romeo getting second place, only a poor specimen. Sir. Carter was placed first in bitch puppies, the only entry. Greyhounds.-The dog class contained only three entries, none of which were at present very promising. The winner, Mr. P. Hayes's Nero, is only II months old, and may improve. Second is a " light of other days." Mr. C. Pattison's Paul. Mr. Evans was third, with Phaon. The bitches were a great improvement on their male relations, the iirst and second being greyhounds of high class, Mr. C. Pattison wiuning both prizes with Pepper and Peppermint. The former is a white and red bitch, all over a greyhound, possessing a grand head, good neck and well-shaped shoulders, a big loin and excellent hind-quarters, with good legs and feet. Second prize is a black, some what showing age, yet a good one ; she loses, however, in substance of bone against the winner. Pointers were only moderate, the only ones worth special mention being Mr. F. Hodgson's Rosie, a white and lemon bitch showing some quality, but a little light in bone; and the second Mr. A. G. Cutbush's Bess, a nice liver and white of the small type, but not shown in the best of condition. English setters were headed by Mr. D. C. Morpeth's (Melbourne) imported dog Ripple Shot, which caused quite a flutter amongst the Better men. He is a blue Belton of great quality, and a well-known English prize winner, and wa3 far and away ahead or any thing opposing him. Mr. Arrowsmith came second with anold face-Rufus, Mr. R. Alium's Quail getting third place. Mr. Arrowsmith also succeeded in pulling off the first prize in bitches with UlverstoneChloe, a fair daughter of Monarch and Venus Robe, Mr. G. II. Greenwood's Juno and Mr. A. G. Cutbush's Flora being second and third as named. Gordon setters were only moderate, Mr. J. R. Collis having the dog class to himself with Lark ; aud there were only two bitches, Mr. T. V. Cross's Highland Silk, and Mr. Collis's Duchess II., placed in order named. Mr. M. Hognn was the only exhibitor in Irish setters, showing that good all- round dog Federation. Setter puppies of any variety were only three in number, Ulverstone Chloe, previously mentioned, winning from Mr. R.'C. Oatley's Lady and her kennel com panion, King Victor. Mr. T. V. Cross's beagle Sal was the only representative in the hound classes. Retrievers were rather better than we usually see here. Mr. Noonan's Black Prince is a nicc style of dog, rather on the small side, with proper type of coat. Mr. J. Black wood, jun., shows a middling one in Topsy Mell, and Mr. W. G. Bowmaker's Catlow is close np to her. Neither would, however, count in high company. spaniels were only lew m number, but spine fair ones turned up, Mt R. Anderson monopolising most of the prizes with die two Sussex spaniels Bounce and Bustle, son and daughter of champion Bridferd Dallian and Ruby, and the black field spaniel Ben Buckle, a son of Messrs. S. H. and E. A. Whittaker's Romany Rye and the Cocker bitch Doran Diamond, a daughter of the well-known Jack Obo. The others were not worth special mention. Collies were, the feature of the show, and when the dog class was paraded in the ring there was quite a crush to watch the results. The dog class contained the imported dogs Ormskirk Paradox, Christopher Junior, and Heather-Sandy, with the colonial-bred Laird of Wyoming, a eon of the imported pair, Laird of Shernbourne and Wellesbourne Royalty, possibly the best class of rough coated collies yet seen in Aostralia. Heather Sandy was dispensed with first, receiving v.h.c., his broken brush putting out his chance, if ever he had any. He is a fairly good dog, and being frell bred should be valuable at the 6tud. Ormskirk Paradox was next to go with a third Erize card. I was somewhat sorry to ave to place him so low, as lie is an excel lent style of dog, bat entirely out of ooat, and should not nave been exhibited. He possesses a mod head, and carries his ears in orthodox fashion, has good legs and feet, and moves well, but he is a little too wide in front, a fault which, however, will be partly hidden when he gets his mane and frill. With the departure of Ormskirk Paradox, the fight was between Christopher Junior and the colonial bred Laird of Wyoming, the latter ultimately getting the coveted bit of bine ribbon, with his opponent a olose up second, the victory of the "Laird" appearing to be well re ceived by those present This young dog made his first appearance at Essendon, de feating the well-known New Zealand dog Britannic, and he has gone on improving, moving much better than when I saw him on thai occasion; he is a big dog, possessing a wonderful coat for his age (16 months) of a grand sable, with broad white collar and other correct markings; his head is long, but not too narroW, and he has a nice counten ance, but would be better if he got his cars up a little higher, a fault from which 'he will possibly improve with age; he possesses good bone of the right sort, and I shall expect to see him oome out next year a wonder. Christopher Junior is less than his opponent, but a dog to be proud of, shown in tjie pink of condition; he possesses a splendid coat of i the right texture, litis a fairly goodhead, and j a sweet expression; ho also carries nls ears well, and moves nicely. He appeared to me a little ehbrt, and when movinggot his brush a little too high; tieverthelesa, ne will always take a lot of beating. : . .' ., The bitohep cat only* poor figure agiaiost the previow^ cl»w,^»ad a few years ago. thev will be nowotatxriamed when tneetingthepiok of the Viotorianwjd viously menttonecf, "his old Identity Ormaldrk Boy won iirst and aacond in «>h> Uial-bred dogs, thq third going to bitch by Ealing Commander fromOrmskirlc Girl. - In the Bitch Class Mr. J. Thompson's Flora won easily, Mr. Pemell'a itandwiok Daisy being second. In the puppies Mr. S. Hordern showed 'a very nice one by Christopher Junior, from Wear Vale Pearl; Lassie, a daughter of Laird of Sliernbourne and Welleaboume Royalty, shown by Mr. C. Lynott, being second, and another daughter, the Laird's, shown by Mr. J. IS. Pemmel, was third. Pomeranians.-Miss H. E. Canvin's Victor, a very nice specimen, was first, and Messre. Turner Brothers' Snow, not quite so good in coat or shape of head, was second ; the only exhibits. Fox Terriers.-More than usual interest was taken in these classes tbis year, aa it was known that several newly-imported Eng lish prize winners would compete for the first time on Australian soil. , That good colonial bred dog Redfern Ltidhs had the challenge class all to himself, but I have seen him looking in much better form than he appeared to-day. In the open class Vano and Vernet, two imported dogs from the well-known kennels of Messrs. Vicary (England) meet in compe tion, with the result Vernet wins. These dogs are much of a muchness, and taken all round there is little between them, both are showy terriers, but they fall short in many respects when put under close scrutiny and considered in the light of cracks. Comparing the two, Vernet has the neatest shoulders, and although his stern, like his opponent's, is set in a little too low, lie carries it much better. Vano's stern is so much curled that had he not been docked it must have appeared almost a la pug. As I shall again refer to Vernet in this competition for the Champion Prize I will leave them for the present In open class (bitches), Mr. T. F. Thomp son wins with the grand little Montrose Frost, a daughter of Arius and Melbourne Flurry, a well remembered face. She is looking won derfully well in the liands of her new owner, and as will be seen she is doing good service in the breeding kennels, several of her puppies getting into high positions in the young classes. Mr. S. Neal was second with Sydney Oceana, not showing well; Mr. W. Hamilton's Glendon Peril third. Both have been described in this paper on previous occasions. Colonial-bred Dogs, marked strongly.-Mr. II. Moses's Glendon Doctor, a squarely-built nice little dog, with a rather too short head, from New Forest Ethel, by Redfern Ludas, wins from Mr. T. F. Thompson's Redfern Tradesman, a six months' old puppy by Redfern Ludus, ex Montrose Frost. This puppy appears at present a little leggy, but will no doubt improve in this point as he is well ribbed np, and has nice bone and a little flesh will improve him greatly; the third prize, Lindon P-addy, is a fair one, but will never do much good in company. In colonial bitches Mr. J. E. Brandt's Maitland Daisy, a daughter of the imported pair Ebor Resist and Kognaston Daisy, one of the best all-round youngsters I have seen for sometime, has on easy win. She at pre sent wants confidence in the ring, but once she masters her shyness it will be a good one, either dog or bitch tha.t can lower her colours. She was bred by Mr. W. Beilby, Melbourne, and is a credit to her parents. Mr. Thompson, with Montrose Frost, pre viously mentioned, was second ; Mr. S. Neat's Oceana being third. In dog puppies Redfern Tradesman adds another victory to his list, another of the same litter making a good second; but the rest were only a poor lot Mr. Neal was an exhibitor here, but did not wait after first and second prizes were awarded, and the rest were not worth a special notice. In bitch puppies Maitland Daisy had an easy win, followed by Glendon Halina, a long-headed daughter of Napper and Glen 1 don Peril, owned by Mr. H. Moses another I of the Ludus-Montrose Frost litter getting I third place. In the novices, with all the previous first prize winners absent, we have only a poor class. Mr. Thompson, with Red fern Turco man, the winner of second in Hie puppies, secured first place, Mr. Neal again disappear ing with his exhibits immediately on this award being made. Second prize was there fore awarded to Melbourne John, shown by Mr. Thomas Hope, Sydney. Mr. H. Moses, with the aid of Glendon Halma, placed third in bitch puppies, secures the novice bitch first prite,* lledfern Torment, one of the Montrose Frost latter, coming second, with Air. L. Dettman's Jess third. Excitement pmongst fox terrier men ran high when Vernet, Redfern Ludus, and the previously mentioned young bitch Maitland Daisy came out to compete for the special for best .doe or bitch in show. Daisy would not show her self, and therefore threw away a big chance she had of securing a great victory. So the light lay between vernet and Ludus. After examining these very carefully through I had little hesitation in giving the colonial-brc<i descendant jof' New Forest Danger, on hi* sire's side,- and the wel 1 -known Decker, of days gone by,-on the data's side, the first prize. That he fairly beats Vernet, when dis passionately taken all round, I am thoroughly convinced. Starting with the head, both are a little round is skull, but Ludus has by fax the most punishing jaw, and he is not quite so sudden in stop, though nicely chiselled. Vernet has a slight advan tage in sise of ear, bat tile carriage of both, although widely different, is not uie correct thing. Ludus canto his a trifle too flat when at ease, and vice versa Vernet carries, his too far back on the head, bat when ex cited both get them into position, possibly in Vernet's favour, though be does not get close enough to the cheek to salt me, and, taken all in all, we may pan the head ana eats as about balance, both have fcood eyes, if anything in favour of " liudss/ but when we come to the necka, we find Ludta much longer, more shapely, and cleaner cat under, ne&th; ; whilst Vernet shows a considerable amount of throatineas: (Main, Xiudua'8 shoulders ' ate tetter plural he ia also stcaighter and stronger in bads, his stern is set on in a better position, Vernet showing comparatively too mucli " droop.*' In second thigh and shortness from nook to .foot Lucius again scores heavily, and in quality of bone, legs, and feet, he has undoubtedly a great pull over his opponent. Which ewr way you look at the Sydney bred dog, he ia as square as a brick, whereas Vernet ia decidedly wrong tn this respect from any quarter, and ha^alfraya either one elbow ot the other at fault, &n;$l .his«afles are by ou means squarely Bet! luooat, vemet scores; buti tie only fauto say Ludusiajustoas ting lus, which handicaps hifn in this ngpeot Ladna being a white dog with vegr small patoh over one eye, gets ttt> Essistanoe from flash colour 4 first prize; her only opponent was a mon grel, and went out card I ess. There was a considerable show of those many-typed, rough terriere which a few Mel bourne fanciers nave endeavoured to dignify with the name of Australian. Mr. It. Dean made the awards in these classes. Skyes.-Roderick Dhu was alone in the challenge cla.ss. The old dog looks well. Mr. l'eroy H. Kussell exhibited two good ones in the open classes, Sir Moses ami Lady Florence, but they had no opposition. 1 understand these will visit the Melbourne show. Irish Terriers.-Mr. .T. E. Dynon's imported dog Breda Rattle, looking really tit. alone represents the challenge class, ami he was still in evidence in the open through a very good-looking son of bis from Donnybrook Biddy, shown by Mr. C. H. Fairfax. This dog cannot fail to make his mark. In bitches Mr. S. Xeal's very nice bitch Breda Floss had a somewhat easy win ; Mr. Hall's Talfourd Gyp, second, being too snipy in muzzle, although possessing a fair body and legs and feet. Donnybrook Biddy was entered, but was not shown. A youngster of Mr. Xeal's was third. In the absence of any opponent, Mr. W. Hardie's Mont morency was awarded first in novice class. The black and tan and toy classes were ex ceedingly poor and call for no further com ment. Pugs.-These were fairly represented, though nothing of very high class was amongst them. In doge the prizes were first, K. Vardy's Tip ; second, J. H. Davis's Dude; third, J. W. Cock's Nip. Bitches first, A. J. Gray's Eaton Nancy. Italian Greyhounds.-Fair hut mostly oil the big side. Mr. Shearman with Victor was first in the dog class, but had to succumb to Mr. G. King's Sketa in the bitches, his Lilly being in anything but good form. Bull terriers were the best classes I have ever seen of the breed in Australia, juid for this we have to thauk Messrs. Campbell and Miller and their good old dog, i'rentham (Jaunt, who not only headed his own class bat was the sire of every winner in the other classes. This dog has worked a wondrous change for the better in the bull terriers of Australia, and will not soon be forgotten. His owners were the principal winners in all the classes,and their exhibits did them credit, being shown in excellent trim. Bulldogs.-These classes contained nothing that would have a ghost of a chance in good company, new blood being sadly wanted. Mr. T. F. Thompson won the team prize with a very nice collection of fox terriers, Mr. H. Moses coming second with another good string ot the same variety, Mr. C. Patterson securing third with a leash of grey hounds. Mr. T. F. Thompson aim won the point prize as the most successful exhibitor. 