AFTERNOON SESSION. After the 3 o'clock meetin-r bad baei opened with prayer by *r.;b.'ie4''-n La iglfiv. the Bev. Mr Umming ?\vc un addrcs.-, tukioe aB hiB RUbject ' the *or'- ot c.-rtat :n; up.' considering it under tare j heads, namely— First, i he atonement mado hy J.t-su-s Ohr:fit for oar biqe; eeomd, Hib redemp.im of us trom oar sine ; and third, tje intercaasion of Ohriet with the FftUiei-cuonr»3e!iaH; HV'y ing to each head of liis subjort its io-s;ie:Live result — First, tbe par.1r-i Oi our sins ; scjoud, of Ood. HsTioi; r-funed i*o the results of the oekbrated G^'long convention, tbe speaker went on to remark in explanation of the fact that there really were paople who, though sinful by nature, had, ai it were, received &n; entirely t\hw conBtitatiou through the Holy Spirit being ho p«jr to anted with che Divine Presence aa almont to ]--rs thdir identity in H s— that there wens people on tbie earth tb t m'ght atrao t be cal.cd 'The Devil'a own,' ps--pl-» who to^k a .i-j- Ught in sin and the degrading of what was pure and ho y ', people whom he coud only liken to the aicfent demoniacs who, when asked b/ Chriet who they were, replied, giving the name of the Evil One, and using his language, having lost their identity in that of Salon. If it were po-sible, the speaker contlnaoJ, that tbe Devil coiud *o posseaB a man, surely it was possible for the Holy Spirit to do eo to such an extent th-it tbe man's iduutity wan almost iosL sight of in that of his Divine Mas ter, Despite all cmss-bcanng and self-dcuia', doing the will of God was heaven on eartb. What, asked the speaber, did Christ intei.d man to ba when he redeemed him ; referring his audience for an answer to Exodus, 19 ^b chaptir, from tbe 4th veree, if, indeed, they would obcr GodV voice aud keep his com mandaienU, tKey would be a peculiar trea sure unto God, a kingdom of priests and a holy nation. Referring again to Christ's and they had now ouly to cease from their struggles and walk in newness of life as tb^y would see in Titus ii, 14— « Who gave Himself MIT l**f*u»|. m; miguii lU^CUW UH ITOm aiL iniquity, ana*puriTy iniw n.w^f a peculiar people, Eealoua of aU good worka ;'* viJJ, were not only saved from the punishment o* ^ejr ?gJngj-Jjut from sin itaelf. Christ, tbe epeui.;T aisa'red ' feif audien.e, did uot debqte his D^ity to 'tetC^on ,OUJ humaniij merely to ahow us an exa«piW £ K0011 b;e' but for an adequate result— that He^ungnc elevate our lives herd, and through His death and resurrection raise us finally into that glory where He now id makiug perpetual intercession for us. After a hyen bad been sung, the Bev. Mr Mitchell, of Williamstawn, addressed the meeting, and bore personal teitimony to the efficacy of the Holy Spirit dwelling in the human heart, warning his hearers that they must sanctify themselves, for they were the temples of the Holy Ghost. After the service was over, a large open-air meeting was held on the Marzct Green, great numbers ol: those present adjourning 