UNDER SENTENCE w NORFOLK ISLAND. \- AtTin:\Tic ttixouM. No. 10. ruu niTsn uiirtSi FilzimmoDa was not troubled again by bis 1 Tormentors; tbo two constablos. It did not V.'ard'a sohemo that tbcj sbonld be pry» iugaboatthehouic, nnd they gat a qoict bint ftom ono of tho bigbest ofllciols not to bother ' tho old butkeeper nny more. During tbo eaccccding day on which ho pnid bis visit to : tbo conviot boatman, Ward was exceedingly bosy. Ho visited coles than six of tho out lying sbopberd priioncrs, and won npon them to ficcb an extent— by tho aid ol a glib ;':tobga®and tobacco— that they each promised To visit Fitzimmooa hat Cha nigbt, armed "'with tbo password. Ho oven msdo arrange ' tnentawhertby Uondrick found blmsolf at liberty to join the conspirators, and complete 'thofleoret oircle, Wdrd bad, in fact, gone to tbo command- : 'ant, and'told him an nntrutbtal story about . . having dlecovercd'tho beginning of a eorious y- . plot, and ho named certain convicts eon- cerned In It. Ho asked— so that matters " : might bo brought to aorisis— that toese men \- V'bo allowed as much liberty as possible, In . ; ordcr'that they might attend thorondezvoue, and his request wae at onco granted. -The hotkeepers and shepherds wero most ly in a position to movo about at oigbt, al though it was sot allowed, butamsn bolong., . inn to tho prison; gang like Hondriok was in a different poiUion. As it was necessary that ho should attend the conspirators meet- inhowas told off as a nightpntrol amongst : that seotion of tho forest hathccpere in whiob .. Fitximmons' dwelling lay. , At einht o'clock on tho night ol April tho 4&h;, 1617, nine men wcro assembled in Fltz iramona' hut. Tbcy wero oonvlots Hondriok, Moyriolr, Filzimnions.Evons, lloddoo, Luko, M'Kmley, Carter, and Irco boatman Ward. . Thoy had -.readied tho placo in a stcsltby manner, and it was ovident that tho gather ing was for no good purposo. Each ol thorn .ftivotbo, hatkeoper tbe password— " Wild Tobacco," when thoy oarao to tbo door. With tho exception of Moyrick, who bad reeoived itlrom Hendrick after tbo l&tter;'s intorviow with Ward, tho felons had all got tbe watch word from the boatman, Tbo evening woo ' terribly wild and stormy. Sacb a ono as when Tarn O'Sbanter took tho road to Eirk ' Alloway in, whan— uu.iu tun, mgiit UilUk UDUaZBIBC Tho dell bad business on his ban.' " Tho oomforllsss interior of tbo rquslid hut with tbo datkneia modo visible by a "dip" tight did not add ohesrlalncBs to tbo anxious and gloomy faces oftbo oocupsnte. Wbon tho last man entered Fltzimmons secured tbo door with a beam of wood, and they all sat around a xlcketty tablo on somo rndo beoobes. Hondriok was tbo first to break tho elleoco by alluding to tho bueinese which bad brought . them together. " Yon know, men, why wo have oomo here, I enppose," ho began ; " wo went to freo our selves from tnhory and orneltr. Wo wero bad enough off a month ago, but now we aro muoh woreo. Tbo littlo privileges which made our hard lot bsarablo bavo beon with- drawn, and wo aro worso than any slaves on earth. For my part I cannot stand it nny . longer. Iflfail in obtaining freedom 1 shall be hanged, of course, bat that is better than being slowly flogged to death, and I see no reason why a general rising ebould fail." " Tbcro is not tha slightest doubt of sue- ocssif overybno palls together," broke in Ward. " If tho plot is properly laid it can- : Dot fail, end by etriking tbo blow quickly it will bo all tho better, for the authorities do not dream of another outbreak so soon after Westwood's Bising," .- "Aye, wo must movowlth caution," said Fitzlramcni, 11 Westwood's revolt was well ., planned, and yet it did not succeed, Wo b&vo; orafty men to deal with, whobavo power behind thorn, and it will tsko agrcatbiow to hrosk It." ' Tbe January rising was a perfect bangle," ' ' repliod tho boatman, warmly. "Why did . they.npl get tho prisoners at Loogridgo and . Oasaedb to join them. Tho aettlcmont would ; ba in their hands now if that bad been done. ; Xt allowed tho major and oommandant to got ffolnforoomcnte from these places, instead of being.obllged to sand forassistsnao to tbom. :. At Loogridgo tbcro was only twenty oigbt . men to. guard six hundred prlsoocrs. Tho -7iandful of military thero oould bavo beon . fwept away lilto obaff beforo tho wind had tho . oonvrats wished, Tho eamo oontd have been tlonoby tho four hundred priBonsra at Oas \- rado, end tho thousand men thus liberated .tould bavo ewept down on tbo rear of tho " fiarracke at Sydney Bay, and snapped up ite 'law defchdore, Nothing could novo pre- rented it. Less than twohundrod men would ' liave been hemmed in between two tbousond desperate convicto, fighting for lifo and liber- fy, and nothing short of amiroolo could have ' raved tho anthoritlcs. I tell you if a general rising is arranged at all tha prisons, it mast ' >' Vfnooeod." :' v " j ; "Tho arguments of Ward sccmod to have ' ' ronsiderablo cffcot on bis aaditora, who list- 'tfned to him with broathlese interest/. At " ftngtb -Meyrlck said, "What would you \- 1 - shggeat, sir, osa good plan to adopt 7". . \- . 4, FitK of all it will bo neco&aarv; to got all tho leading and trustworthy convfols on yonr ' sido. Betwcon you sltthat ought to bo oosily ' donu.' You oaoh know somo of tbo prisoners whooanbo trusted, and they m turn will )tnow others who will bo faithful. Thus tho plot will widen oat liko a watery oirolo nntil \- Tembracca all worth having. Of course, v . when yon get a majority ol tbo piiBoners.on yonr sida tho minority will have to follow, a Jn tho monntimo tho details of thoplsn mcBt to arranged and oonfldodtoyourfrlends, who will carefully spread it around. When that \- Ti dono—ond os soon . as possiblo. after, to Vr?r prevent "tho. possibility of a waverer turning traitor— & euitablo ocoasion musl bo flxed for tho gonorol rising.. I think a good plan . would be to ret flro Ic, say tho Oasoado ' rison, at night. Tha ohief ofllaers would urry there from Sydney Bay and Loogrldge statlona with all tho available hands they ' oould muster, and then tho rising oould tako ' placo at these placer. During tho oonfaelon ol tho flro at Gseoado moat of tho prisoners \- ; - could esoep'o and aesomble in someeppvinted \- plape. If a small guard wero placed over ' the oonvlots to prevent escape, H.would bo a very simple mdttor ro overpower It, Tbe de- talls coufdbe arranRod beforehand. I om only giving a gonoral outliuo of what would \- v :/|aa-gobdplan." = > Ward epobo this with an earnestnese that appeared to bo slnoore, and a? If warming up ' with tho thomo, ho added,— "I Buppose most of you will wonder why I, who am a free man, should suggest snob a plot as this to you. I'll soon tell you. First- 17, 1 am in dlsgraoo, and don't oire now soon I leavo this ptaoo, but that is not .the i reason I am risking my lifo to-night. Ihato '""'tHo'acdursed oonvlot system. In Van Die. 1 man'b Land I bavo two brothers wearing out \- their' lives in penal servitude, although they nroinuooont ofanyerimo. They wero con- : viotcd in Dnblin on tho evidence of a ruiliau- \- Iy iuformer named O'Mulloy, and ecntonced to transportation for lifo. I bavo sworn to rescue thorn, and for that purposo I managed " tO Rct a situation as boatman at the prison of Port Arthur in VanDiemon'aLand. When I was there ft few weeks tho superintendent ' found out by eoino moans who I was, ond I was at onob sont hero. I bavo bcou dhsatio 'fled over pinfio, ond having seen tbo orcclUoe 6f tbo eystemT am moro than ovctocxioue to relnaso my broth era. Ae 1 cannot do it by ' remaining bore, I am glad of tbo removal \- that awaits mo, and for tbo sake of my suffer- ' ; ing relatives I wish to assist thoso who aro fllmilorly'plaoed." >, . ' ' Tho freo boatman bad a glib tongue, and ' was doiog mast of the talk. His last specob \- - would have beon exoellcnt had it been true, but it bad tho trifling drawback of being lalso from beginning to cod. With tbe exception of one porson tbo wholo of his listeners ro- ; vgarddditaogoBpcl. aud began to look upon ! Ward na littlo inferior to a saint, a real mcs- . vflengor ofgood tidings. Wbon, as ifoveroomo i by llio eympatbotio fcolinga which the mo- moriosof bis brothora evoked, ho followed pp Jba rooilnl witli a plug of tobacco all ronod, their gratitude know no bounds, Al though naturally suspicious, the oonvlafs wcro thrown off their guard nnd completely hoodwinked by tbo vrlly Informer— all bat ono, aud that ww Moyriok, That felon eat regarding tbo boatman with a strange and ominons flro in hie eyes. Tbe feeble light did not permit Ward to scs bin face olosely, or ho might have taken alarm. Tho man scorned to be evolving old recollcctlonp, nod grodunuy hls countenanco become ootiTaleed witu paeeion nnd bis hands twitched ncrv- XX » War? 1030 to he, with ft power- lire re8ucd a meanuro ot compos- " Wo will ell meet hero tho evening alter to-moirow," said tho boatman as bo loft 0 ""lauding being tbatcaoh » -j!"1 "paratcly. A storm wae rag ing outside, and tbo free boatman made his way towards tho ohief prison, muttering ae no went, 41 It's fairly started, but i must get a ooup 0 1 of dozen moro in before I have them nabbed." Wflra fa. hid pcscfl tho floor ol tho hat Meytick went to it, end peered out into tho darkness after him. Ho wae soon lost In tha gloom, but still tho man looked until a vivid flash of lightning lit up tho forest,'- nnd to- vcaled Ward making fcr tbo settlement, inon 1 be olorod tbo door oarofnlly, and after eeoariog it walked to tho table and took hie former scat. His face wae rigid' and white, so much eo tbnt oven tho obtuse aonvicto noticed it; 'VHavo you seen a ghost?" asked Hend tick, thai being supposed to bo tho popular of frightcningpeoplo at night. Would to God it was that and nothing more I bad seen," replied Moyriok In a solemn voice. "I bavo seen tbo ghost of former days certainly, but that ie not holt eo fearful ae tho reality of tbo present. I may as well tell you, men, that wo are all lost. Nothing can save us." " Arc wo watched ?"cxolalmcd the convicts starting to their feet in affright. "How aro wo lost 7" "I don't iibink wo arc watched yet, but I am surethat by to-morrow morning tho com- mandart will know that caoh of db was hero, and everything that passed, wilh a good deal that ncvcr.ipasBcd." 11 You dou't mean to soy that Mr Ward is n spy, surely!" thoy asked. # "I do; ond I can toll yoa more. His namo is not Word at nil, but Michael O'Malley, the infamous Dublin informer. Tbo story ho told us about his brothers is all falsr, bat if ho had not said it I would probably novcr bavo recognised him, although I. thought tbszo was something about him familiar to mo. When ho mentioned. O'Malley I knew him at once, althoogb bo is greatly changed. He la tho most diabolical villain that walks »uu vuiiu lu-uttj, uiaicn tor a row minutes and I will tell you who our new fonnd friend Is that oven now ie woaving tbo ropo to hang us," " In tho boginning of 1810 I was a yoong man In Dublin with good prospects beforo me.' I felt like many another patriotic Irish man that my country wae badly governed, and I longed to reo hor independent. I was a member of a club called 44 Erin's Band." It wae on harmless eort 0! an affair, whero a number of yonngfellowo met and kept their pttfiolism warm by recounting tbo deeds and aoeicot glory ot Hibernia. Towards the end of tbo year I mention, ono Miohael Mil- ley was admitted a member, and bccatno very popular with bis olnb fellows. I saw at onca that bo was a firebrand and took a dislike to bias, wbiob bo cordially reciprocated. Day alter day bo Insidiously Inoalculated tho doe- Uino of forco into tbe Impressionable and fiery yoong men. Be almost worked the Eoaictv into a revolutionary body, and at last tue crash csmo, A conflict with a body ol military took plaeo between Ibem and a number of the club men. I woo nmongel tho latter, and tried bard to provont tbo disturb ance. Amongst others I was arrested, and then O'Malley cjsmo out in his true colore. Ho was a paid Government Informer, and sworo enough to bang as. Nins tenths of bis evidence was false. Aots that ho had committed wcro attributed to me, and the end was that myeclf and foar other members of tho olub wcro sentenced to transportation for life. It transpired during tbo trial that O'Malley had been an informer - for several years, cut ma last exploit would nave cost him his life had ho not been spouted away by tho aothoritiee. My companions and my self wcro sent to Fort Arthur - prison, and a few rnontha after I was transferred here. Tho fact of thoso poor men botng thoro may bavo had something to do with O'Malle.v'a removal to this, place, lor it wan ' currently reported in Dublin that I had died, and no doubt tbo Informor aacepted it as true. : Yob will judgo by tbio what eortof a man wo have to deal with. I am euro hois in league with tbo ofilcialn, and this is a 4 pat up job.". Tho deluded conspirators sat and looked at tbo speaker, but for a timo their tongues wcro dumb. At length Hendrick said,— 44 1 can seo wo bavo been .led into a trap, but it'o not too late yet to got out of it. Ward will bo hero in a coupla of nights, and I don't think ho euspeota anything Wo ean deal with him then." Tho other men said nothing, but as they left tho hut and wet t out into tho darkness of tho raging ttorm, occasionally lit up by the lurid llaBhcs ot lightning, their looks epoko moro oloquontiy . than words of tbo more awful storm of passionate revongo which was tossing, their hearts. Punctual to tlmo 'on tho night appointed tho conspirators met at Fitzimmons' hut again. Ward was unusually lUted, for ho had met with rouoh eucceee that day uraoDgst certain ot thooouvicts, and tbe plot was ripen ing fast. Ho gavo tho assembled foloue an uiuuuiiuu piuu uituu vanuua priaons, ana de tailed certain points which it wpuld bo neces sary to obflcrve. - Ho also informed thorn that transports wcro expected in a fortnight's time, and it would bo necessary to oarry oat tho consplraoy beforo thoy came. It was nearly ten o'clock when bo left Ibo plotters, and tho night was unusually dark. Ho did not go alono, for Msyriaksaidho would accompany him a short dlstaooo to wards his own destination. They had not got fifty fuet from tbo hut when Hondriok, Evans, and Haddpn opened tho door And silently followed them into, the sombre for est, 4J Hovo yoa seen Ward lately, Droiele?" tho oivU oaramaodaot asked the major three doye after tho ecoond meeting in Fitzimmon's hut, as ho met him in the outer yard. "Ihavonot. Is ho missing?" . 14 He has not been seen at his quarters for tbreo daya, and that is suspicloue. The work ho Is . engaged on Is rather hazardous," eaid thb oommandant. " I think it would bo advisable to send out a ecarob party after .him. You have a good Idea, i suppose, wlioro. ho might Lava met with foul ploy," returned Msjar -Da niels, 4 4 Yes. If bo does not appear to day I will Uava a search rondo to morrow." . Tha freo boatman did not appear, and a rigid eeoroh was made iu tho viainitv of Fitz- immons' hut at first, and then in every part of tho island, but . without any trace ol tbo missing man being found. Two days after, whilst. tbo reef gong wero at work in Sydney 13uy, an object camo floating towards them, rising aud fulling with tho waves. Aa it cawo closer it wns discovered to bo tho hideous body of a man, which was ocarcoly identifiable, uu that of William .Waters, freo boatman, alms Michael O'Mulloy, ioforuier. Tbo doptor fouud that tho skull was Irao- tared, and tho supposition was that tho man had first bnen struck down, rendered inocn- sible, and thrown iuto Sydney Bay. Tho commandant triid h&rd; to find tho murder ers by offering a freo pardon to nny. accom- plioa who wouhWnform, bnt it was in vain, although lio ahrowdly ;auBpeotcd who tho. murderers were. Years Afterwards, when Moyriok was on his death bod dt tho eonviot atiitim iu West Australia, ho confessed to having struck tbo fatal blow, and helped to throw tbo' body into tboBca.' Tho 4 Wild Tobaooo Plot ' only brought disaster' to its originator. Next week thoBeoords will bo, continued tinder tho titlo of " Mad Theodore," This will dc?cribo a tragic and extraordinary evont that' took placo at Oaocado' Prison in the bo ginping of 1847. - 