TALES AND SKETCHES. THE PURSUIT OFJTHE WELL BELOVED. A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT. BY THOMAS HARDY, AUTHOR OF "TluSS, OF TUB D'URIIERVILLKS," "Wkssex Talks," "Tub Woodlanders," ita, &o.; Copyright. . chapter X. (continued) — the OLD phantom Beoomks Distinot. That laily remained for the present partially ecrconed by her noighbors. A diversion was caused by Lady Ohannolcliife bringing up some body to present to tho political Jovo ; the ltylios got mixed, and Jooolyn lost sight of tho ono -whom lie was beginning to suspeot as tho steal- thily returned absentee. Ho loolied for hor in the young lady of the liouso, bis liostoss's younger sister, who appearod to more advantage that night than sbe had over dono before— in a skv bluo dress, whiob had nothing botweon it and tho fair skin of hor nook, lending her an unusunlly soft and sylph like nspoct. Sbe saw him, and they oonverged. Her look of " What do you think of mo now ? " wus suggested, he knew, by tho thought that tho last time they met sho had appeared under tho disadvantage of mourning costume, on a wot day in a country house, whero ovorybody was oross. "I have some now photographs, and I want yon to tell me whether thoy are good," she said. "Mind, you aro to toll mo truly, and no favor." She produced tho pioturea from an adjoining drawer, nnd they sat down together upon an ottoman for the purposo of examination. Tho portraits, taken by tho Inst fashionable photographer, wero very good, and lie told her so_; but as he spoko and compared thorn his mind was fixed on something else than the mere judgment. Ho wandorcd whether tho olusivo ono wero iudoed in tho framo of this girl. He looked up at her. To his surprise, hor mind, too, was on other things bent than on tho pioturee. Hcreyos were glancing nwny to dis tant people, sho was visibly considering the offcct she was producing upon thorn by this cosy ttte-h-titi with Pcnrston, nnd upon ono in partioular, a man of 30, of a military appear ance, whom Pearston did not know. Quito convinoed now that no phantom belonging to him was oontalnod in the outlines of tho present young lady, ho could ooolly criticise her as he talked. Thoy wero both doing the same thing — caoh was pretending to bo deeply interested In what tho other was talking about, the attention of tho two aliko flitting away to other corners oi the room when tho very point of tho disoourso was pending. Ho, ho had not scon hor yot. Ho wasnot going to boo her, apparently, to-night ; sho was scared away by a twanging politionl atmosphere. But he still movod on searohingly, speakiug to those lie knew. Under tho wliito lmir of that ribanded old man was a forehead grown wrinkled ovor treaties that had swayed the fortunes of Europe ; undor tho forohead spoko a voice which had immberod sovcioigns and heirs apparent among its listeners; under tho voice was a heart that would go insido a hazel nut shell. Beneath those white ropos of pearls was tho piuk bosom; beneath the pink bosom tho half lung which bad, by hook or by crook, to sustain Ita possessor hb&Vi; gr6Uud till tlifl Wedding day. At that moment ho onoountercd his amiable host, and almost simultaneously aaught sight of tho lady who hod at first attraotod him and than had disappeared. Their eyes mot, far off as they were from each other. Poarstnn laughed inwardly ; it was only in tiokiish excitement as to whether this was to provo a true trouvaille, and with no instinct to mirth, for when undor the eyOB of his Jill-o'-tlio-Wisp he ovorpalpitated like a sheep in a fair. However, for tho minute he had to oonvorso ' with his host, Lord Channcloliifc, and almost tho first thing tho carl said to him was : " Who is that protty woman in the black dress with the whito fluff about it and tho pearl ncokiaoo?" " I don't know," said Jooolyn, with incipient jealousy; "I was just going to ask the Bamo thing." " O, wo Bhall find out presently, I suppose. I daresay my wife knows." Thoy had parted, when a lmnd oame upon his shoulder. Lord Channololiifo had turned back for an instnnt : " I find alio is tho granddaughter of my father's old friend, tho last Lord Hcngisthury. Hor name is Mrs. — Mrs, Pino-Avon; sho lost hor lniBband two or tlireo years ago, very shortly after their marriage." Lord Oliannelollffo bcoame absorbod into somo adjoining dignitary of tho ohnroh, and Pcnrston was left to purBuo hts quest alone. A young friond of his— tho Lady Maholla Buttcnnond, who appearod in a oloud of munliu and was going on to a ball— had been brought against liim by tho tido. A warm heartocl, emotional girl' wub Lady Mnbclln, who laughed at tho humorousness of being alive; she asked him whither lia was bent, nnd ho told her. "0 yes, I know her very well 1" said Lady Mabolla, eagorly. "She told mo one day that sho particularly wishod to mcot you. Poor thing— bo sad— sho lost her liUBbnnd. Well, it was a long timo ago now, certainly. Women ought not to marry and lay tbomsolvcs open to 4snoh oatnstrophes, ought they, Mr. Pearston? I- never shall. - I am aotorminod novor to run snoh a risk I How, do yon think I shall 1" "Marry? O no; never," said Pearston, drily. "That's very oomfortiug. But sometimes I think I may, - just for tho fun of It. . . How we'll stoor across to hor, and cateh hor, and I'll introdnoe you. But wo shall novor get to hor at this rato ! " ' _ "Hover, unless wo adopt 'the ugly rush,' liko tho citizens who follow tho Lord Mayor's Show."' l They talked, and inched towards tho desired one, who, os sho talked to a noighbor, scorned ono of those — Female forms, whoso gestures beam with i&ind;, seen by tho poet in his vision of tho Goldon City of iBlara. Their progress was oontinually oheokod. i oarston was, as ho had sometimes Boomed to ,l ln & dream, unable to advanoo towards tho oojoot of pursuit unless ho could have gathered up his feet into tho air. After 10 minutes given to a preoccupied study of Blionldor blades, back oalr, glittering hood goar, napes of ncoks, moles, nair pins, pearl powdor, pimples, strange minerals out into faeots of all colors and rays, necklace clasps, fans, stays, tho seven styles of olbow nnd nrm, tho 13 vnrloties of oar ; and by using the toos of his dress boots as coulters with i u'i, - PIou£'.le(1 !"» way and that of Lady Jjlabelia in the direction they wero aiming at, ho drew nonr to Mrs. Pino-Avon, who was drinking a cup of tea in tho hack drawing room. My dear Hioholn, wo thought wo should never got to you, boonuso it is worso to-night, wing to those dreadful politics ! But wo've done it. And she prooeoded to toll hoc friond of Pearston's oxistonco hard by. It seemed that tho widow really did wish to know him, and that Lady Mnbella Buttormead had not indulged in ono of tho too frequent in ventions in that kind. When tho youngest of tho trio had mado them acquainted with each othor, sho left them to talk to n younger man than tho sculptor. Mrs. Pine-Avon's blaok velvets and silks, with tlioir white accompaniments, finoly set off the exceeding fairncBS of her neok and shoulders, which, though unwliitencd artificially, wero without a spook or btomisli of tho least degree. The gentle, thoughtful creaturo sho had looked from adistanoo she now proved horsolf to bo; she hold also sound rather than current opinions on tho plastio arts, anil was the first intellectual woman he had soon there that night, except tho poetess aforesaid. They booh became woll acquainted, nnd nt n pauso .in their conversation notioed tho new exoitcment caused by the arrival of somo lato comers with more news.' ' Tho latter had been brought by a rippling, bright cyod lady in block, who made tho mon listen to her, whother they would or no. " I am glad I am an outsider," said Jocelyn's acquaintance, now soatcil on a sofa beside whioli lie was standing. " I wouldn't bo iiko my cousin, ovor there, for tho world. Sho thinks her husband' will ho turned out at the next oleotlon, and she's quite wild." "Yes ; it is mostly the women who are tho gnmestorB, the men only the oards. The pity is thntpolitioB are looked on as being a game for politicians, just - as oriokct is a game for oriokctors ; not as tho sorions duties of politionl trustees." "How few of us ever think or feel that 1 tho nation of evory country dwells in tho cottage,' as somebody says." "Yos. Though I wonder to hear you quote 1 " O— I nm of no party, though ray relations are. There can be only one best course, and the wisdom of tho nation should bs directed to find it." Having started thus, they found uo difficulty in agreeing on many points. When PoarBton went downstairs from that assembly at 12.45, and passed under the Btenming nostrils of an ambassador's horses to a hansom wliiah waited for him against tho railing of tho sqnaro, he had an improssion that tho Beloved had re- emerged from the shadows, without any hint or initiative from him— to whom, indeed, such ro-emorgonoo was an unquestionably awkward tiling. Chapter XI.— Siie Draws Close, and Satisfies. Ha could not forget her eyes, though he re membered nothing of her general facial detail. They were round, inquiring, luminous. How that ohestnut hair of hers had shone ; it required no tiara to set it off, liko that of the dowager lie had seen there, who had put £10,000 upon hor head to mako liersolf look worBo than sho would have appeared with the 9d. muslin cap of a ser vant woman. How the question was, ought he to boo her again? He had his doubtB. But, unfortunately for discretion, just when he was ooming out of tho rooms he had encounterod an old lady of 70, his friond, Mrs. Brightwnlton— the Honor able Mrs. Brightwalton — and she had hastily asked him to dinner for the day after the mor row, stating in tho hanost way lie knew so well that she had heard lie was out of town, or she would have asked him two or three weeks ago. How, of all social things that Pearston Iikoil it was to be asked to dinner olf-haud, as a stopgap in place of somo bishop, duko or Secretary of State who couldn't come, and when the lhvlta- tlou waa supplemented by the information that the lady who had so impressed him was to he ono of the guests lie had promised instantly. At tho dinner ho took Mrs. Pine-Avon down upon his arm, and talked to nobody else during the moaL Afterwards thoy kept apart awhilo in tho drawingroom for form's sake; but eventually gravitated together again, and finished the evening in each other's company. When, shortly after 11, lie came away, ho felt almost certain i hat within those luminous grey oyes his Aphrodite lmd verily taken lodgings— and for a long lease. But tbis was not all. At parting, ho had, almost involuntarily, given her hand a pressure of a peculiar and indescribable kind ; a little rcsponso from lior, like a mere pulsation, of the samo sort told him that tho Improssion she had mado upon him was recipro- oatcd. Sho was, in a word, willing to go on. But was ho able ? Tliore lind not been much harm in the flirtation thus far; but did sho know his history, and that of his wife, and of the separation a dozon years ago, and his ignorance of whether Maroia was dead or alive? He was now a man over 40, she was probably 30 ; and lie darod not mako meaningless lovo witli the carelessness of n younger man. It wns impossible to go further without telling hor, oven though, liithorto, such oxplioitness had not been absolutely demanded. Yet, for himself, ho had a strong conviction that Marcia had acascd to bo. Ho dotcrminod to call immediately on the How Inoarnation. Sho lived not far from the long, fashionable Hatnptonsliiro-squaro, and he went thither with expectations of haviug a highly emotional timo, at lea9t. Bat somohow tho very boll pall seemed cold, although she had so earnestly asked him to come. As tho house spoko, so spoko tho ocoupant, much to the astonishment of tho sculptor. The doors he pasBod through seemed as if they had not boon opened for a month ; nnd, entering tho drawing room, lie bohold, in an easy ohnir in the far distance, a lady whom lie jouriieyod to reach, and ultimately did reaob. To be suro it was Mrs. Hiohola Pino-Avon, but frosted over inde scribably. Raising her eyes in a slightly in quiring manner from the book sho was rondiug, Bha leant book in tlia oliair, ns if soaking herself in luxurious sensations whioli had nothing to do with lilin, and roplied to his greeting with a few ooinmonpiaoo words. How, the unfortunato Jocolyn, though roon- Eorativo to a dogroo, was at first terribly upsot y this roccption. Ho had distinctly begun to lovo Hioholn, and lie felt siok and almost tear ful. But happily his nifootion was incipient as yet, and a sense of tho ridiculous whioli sud denly appeared in his own position oarried him to tho vergo of risibility during the scene. She signified a ahair, and began tho critical study of somo rings she wore. They talked over tho day's nows, and then an organ began to grind outsido. Tho tune was a rollicking air ho had heard at some music hall and, by way of a divorsion, ho asked hoc if sho knew the composition. " Haow, I don't ! " alio roplied. "How, I'll tell yon all about it," said ho gravely. "ItiBbasod on a sound old molody and song called Caldor Fair. Just as tlioy turn Madeira into port in tho space of a single night, so this old nir lias been taken and dootorcd, nnd twisted about, and brought out as a new popu lar ditty." " Indoed !" " If you aro in tho habit of going much to the musio halls or tho burlesque tiioatres " " Yos?" " You would find this is often done, with oxoellont offeot." Sho thawed a little, and then they went on to talk about hor house, which had been newly painted, and deoorntod with greonish-bluo satin up to the height of a person's bond— an arrange ment that Bomewhat improved hor slightly faded, though still protty, toos, and was helped by the awnings over the windows. " Yes ; I have had my liouso fivo yoars," sho observed complacently, "and I like it bettor evory year." "You linvo only had it two yoars, if you deduet tho three years you lot it to somo frionds of mine, whom I linvo of ton oallcd on in tills very room, my darling;" ho said to himsolf— lint not to her. However, before lie rose she grow friendly to somo degree, and when ho loft just after the arrival of tlireo, opportune young ladies, he thought she seemod regretful. She asked liim to oomo again ; nnd ho thought ho would tell the truth. " No ; I shall not come again," ho answored, in . a tone ' inaudible to the young ladies. She followed him to tho door. " What an tinalvil tiling to say I " site murmured iu sur prise. "It is rather unoivil. Good-bye," said Pears ton, As a punishment she did not ring the boll, but loft him to find his way ont as ho could, " What this means I cannot tell, "ho said to him self, And yot tho meaning was staring him in the face, ' Meanwhile ono of the tlireo young ladies had said, " What interesting man wns that, witli his lovely head of hair ? I saw liim at Lady Ohannololiifo's the other night, " " Jooolyn Pears ton. " " Oh, Nichola, that is too bad ! To let liim go in that shabby way, when I would have given anything to know him I I have wanted to know iiim ever sinoe I found out how much his experi ences dictated his Btatuary, and I discovered tliom by seeing in an American paper of tho death of . a parson supposed to be his wife, who left him many yoars ngo, don't you know, and had been living with somebody under another name, according to some novol social principles she had iuventod for herself." " O ! is she dead?" said Mrs, Pine-Avon, with a start. " Why, I heard only yesterday that it was probable she was alive." " She is believed to have died two or throe years ago," said the young lady. " How I wish I could run after him ! " But Jocelyn was receding from tho protty widow's houso with long strides. Ho went out very littlo during tho next few days, but about a week later ho kopt an engagement to dine with Lady Iris Speedwell, whom he never ncgleotod, beoanse she was tho brightest hostess in Lon don. By some accident ho arrived rather early. Lady Iris had left tho drawingroom fur a moment to soo that all was right in tho diningrooin, and when lie was shown in there stood alone in the lamplight Nichola Pino-Avon. She had been tho first arrival. Ha had not in the loast expected to meot hor tliore, further than that, in a goneral sense, at Lady Iris's you expected to meet everybody. She hnd just como out of the oloak room, and was so tender and even apologetic that lie lmd not the lionet to ho otiicr than friendly. As the other guests dropped in, the pair retreated into a shady corner, and she talked beside liim till all moved off for the oating and drinking. He had not baen appointed to take her across to the dining room, but at the table found bor exactly opposite to liim. Sho looked very oiiarming between tho candles, and thon suddenly it dawned upon him that her previous manner must have originated in soma fgUp report about his lato wife, of wllQdQ (Until ho had beon oredibly, though not absolutely, assured a couple of years before this timo. Anyhow, he was not disposed to resent an incxplicability in womankind, having found that it usually aroso independently of faot, reasou, probability, or his own doserts. So ho diuod on, catching her eyes and the few protty words alio made opportunity to project across tho table to him now and then. He was courteously responsive only, but Mrs. Pine-Avon herself distinctly made advances. He rcadinircd lior, while at the samo time her conduct in her own house had been enough to cheek his con fidence— enough even to make him doubt if tho Well Beloved really resided within those contours or had over been more than tho most transitory passenger through that interesting and accomplished soul. He was pandering this question, yet growing decidedly moved by the playful pathos of her attitude when, by ehanoe, searching his pocket for his handkerchief, somotliing crackled, aud lie felt there an unopened letter, which lmd arrived at tho moment he was leaving his house, anil ho lmd slipped it into liis ooat to read in the cab as ho :drovo along. Pearston drew it suffi- oiently forth to observe by the post mark that it came from his natal islo, Having hardly a correspondent in that part of the world now, ho began to conjcature ou the possiblo sender. The lady on his right whom he had brought in was a loading aotress of tho town— indeed, of the United Kingdom and America, for tlmt matter— a orcaturo iu airy olothing, transluocnt, like a balsam or sea anomono, without shadows, and in movomcnt ns responsivo as some highly lubricated many wired machine, which, if ono presses .a particular spring, flics open and re- voals its works. Tho spring iu tho present oase was the artistic commendation she dosorved. At this partioular momont sho was engaged with the man on her own right, a reprosonta-tivo of Family, who talkod positively and hollowly, ns if shouting down a vista of 500 year3 from the foudal past. Tho lady on Jooelyns loft, wife of a lord justice of appeal, was in like manner talking to her oompnnion on tho outor side ; so tlmt, for tho time, ho was loft to him self. Ho took advantage of tho opportunity, drew out his letter, and read it as it lay upon his napkin, nobody obsorving him, so far as ho wns aware. It oame from the wife of ono of his fatliors former workmen, and was oonoorning lior son, whom she bogged Jocolyn to recommend ns candidate for somo post in town sho wished him to fill. But tho end of tho letter was what arrested him — "You will be sorry to hoar, sir, that dear littlo Avioo Cnvo, as wo used to oall hor ill her maiden doys, is dead. Sho married lior cousin, if you do mind, and wont away from hero for f,»mL y.cftr!1' k"1 a9 'ft a Widow, nnd cams book a twelvemonth ngo : since when sho began to falter, and now is gono." Chapter XII.— Siik Becomes an Inaccessible . . Ghost. By imperceptible nnd alow degrees tho aoene nt the dinner tabic seemed to recede into the background, behind the more distinot present ment of Avioo Caro, and tho old, old scenes on tho Btono island whioli wore insepnrnhle from her personality,. Tho imndsume innrohioness in geranium red and diamonds, who was visible to turn on his hosts right hand opposite, became as ono of tho misty vermilion sunsets that ho had watched so many times over the West Bay, with the form of Avioe in the foreground. Betwoon Ins eyes and the judge who sat next to Nichola, with a ohm so raw that ho must Imvo shaved every quartor of an hour during the day, in- traded tho faoo ot Avioo, as sho had glanced at him m their last parting. The old society lady, who, if she had been a few years older, would have boon as old fashioned as hor daughter, suggested the powdery, dusty quarries of his and Avioo s parents, down whioli ho had olam- bored with Avioo hundreds of times.. The ivy trailing about the tablo oloth, tho lights in tho tali silver candlostioks, and tho bunclioj of Bowers, mixed in with the ivies and tho flower beds of tho castle on the islo and the liglithousos down at the Ileal, More than nil, Nichola Pine-Avons gradually lost the radiance whioli she had lattorly no- quired ; she became a woman of his acquaintnnoo with no distinctive traits ; sho seemed to grow material, a suporfices of flesh nnd hone mutely ; she was a person of lines and surfaces, a Ian- gunge ill living cypher— no more. When tho ladios had withdrawn it was just tho same. Tile soul of Avico — the only wotnau lie had never loved (of those who had loved him) surrounded liim liko a firmament. Art drew near tohim in the porson of ono of tho most distinguished of portrait painters ; but there was only ono painter for Joaclyn— his own momory. All that wns eminent in European surgery addressed him in the person of that liarmloss and unassuming fogey whoso hands had been inside tlio bodies of hundreds of living men ; but the lily white corpse of an ohseuie country girl ohillod tho interests of discourso with sucii a king of operators. Roaohing tho drawingroom ho talked to his hostoss. Though she had entertained twenty guests at her tablo that night she lmd known not only what every ono of them wns saying and doing throughout the repast, but what everyone was thinking. So, being an old friond, she said quietly, "What has boon troubling you ? Some thing has I know." Nothing could less oxpress tho meaning his recent information had for him than a state ment of its facts. Ho told of the opening of the letter and the discovery of the death of an old acquaintainoe. "Tho only woman whom I novor loved, I may almost say 1" lie added, smiling ; "and therefore the only one I shall ever regret 1" Whether she considered it a sufficient ex planation or not, tho woman of the world accepted it as such. Sho was the single lady of his circle wlioin nothing erratio in his doings could surprise, nnd lie often gave her stray ends of his confidence thus with perfect safety. He did not go near Mrs. Pine-Avons again ; lie could not ; and leaving the liouso wnlkoil abstractedly along tho streets till ho found him self at his own door. In his own room he sat down, and placing his hands behind his head thought his thoughts anow. At ono sido of tho room stood an eseritoire, and presently going to a lower drnwor of the same ho took out a small box tightly nnilod down. He forced the oover with the poker. Tho box oontaincd a multifarious varioty of odds and ends, which Pearston 'had thrown into it from time to time in years gone by for future sorting — an intention tlmt lie .had ncvor carried out. From the melancholy mass of papers, faded photographs, seals, diaries, witiiercd flowers and sitoh like, Jocelyn drew a littlo portrait, olio taken on glass in tho more primitive days of photography, and framed with tinsel in tho oommoncst way. It was Avioo Caro, as she had appeared during the summer month or two whioh ho had spent with hor on the island twenty years before that time, lior young lip3 pursed up, her hands meekly folded. The elfcot of tho glass was to lond to tho pioturo muoh of the softness charac teristic of the original. He remembered when it was taken — during ono afternoon thoy had spent together at the neighboring watering place, when he had suggested hor sitting to a touting ar(iat 9n the SuSuS, there being nothing ohb for them to do. A long contemplation of the likeness completed in his emotions what tho lottor had begun. Ho loved the woman dead and inaccessible as he had never loved her in life. He had unceremoniously forsaken boron tho eve of what would have becomcan iirovacablo en gagement, because he did net love her ; and it had been, in ono viow, the kindest thing he could lihvo done, though tlio harshest, no spark of passion oxisting. He had thought of her but at distant intervals during the whoio 19 years sinao that partiug occurred, and only as somo- body he oould have wedded. Yet now the years of youthful friendship witli lior, iu which he lmd learnt evory fibre of hor innocent nature, flamed up into a yearning and passionate at tachment, embittered by regret beyond words, Tlmt kiss whioli had offended his dignity, which sho had so childishly given liim before her consciousness of womanhood had been awnkenod, what would ho have given to have a quarter of it now ! Pearston was almost angry with himself for his feelings of this night, so unreasonably, motivolessly strong were they towards that last young playmato. "How sonsolcss of ino!"ho said, as ho lay in his lonely hod. Sho lmd boon another man's wifo almost the whole timo sinoo he had hocn estranged from her, and now sho was a dead corpse. Yet the absurdity did not make his grief tlio less ; and tlio consciousness of the intrinsic, nlmost radiant, purity of this new sprung affection for a flown spirit forbado him to oliock it. Tho flesh was absent alto gether ; it waB love rarefied and refined to its highest attar. Ho had folt nothing like it before. The next afternoon he wont down to his olubj; not his largo olub, whore tho mon hardly spoke to eaoh other, hut tho smaller one, whore they told stories of an afternoon, and wore not ashamed to confess among thomsolves to tho most extraordinary personal weaknesses nnd follieB, knowing woll that suoh secrets would go no furthor. But ho could not tell this ; so volatile and intangible was tho story, tlmt to convey it in words would liavo been as hard as to otigo a porfumo. Thoy observed his altered manner, and said lie was in lovo. Pearston admitted tlmt lie was; and thoro It endod. AVhon ho ronohod homo ho looked out of his bedroom window, and bogan to oonsider in what direotion from whero ho stood that darling littlo figure lay. It was straight aoross there, under that young pale moon. Tho symbol signified well. Tho divinity of tho Bilvcr bow was not moro oxcellontly pure than she, the lost, hnd boon. Under tlmt moon was an island of stone, and on the island a house, framed from mullions to ridgo tile like the islo itself, of stone. Inside tho window, the moon irradiating her winding sheet, lay Avice, roaohed only by the faint noises inhoront in tho islo ; the tiuktink of the ehisels in tho quarries, the surging of tlio Boa in the bay, and tho iniifilud grumbling of tho waves in the uover pacified race. After dinner his old friend Somers came in to smoke, aud when they had talked a little while Seiners alluded casually to some plaoe at which thoy would meot on the morrow. "I sha'n't ho there," said Pearston. But you promised." "Yos. But I slmll be at the island— looking at a dead woman's grave. " As he spoko his eyes turned, and remained fixed on a table near, homers followed, the dirootion of his glance to a photograph on a stand. " Is tlmt she ?" he asked. Yes." " Rather a bygone affair, thon?" Pearston acknowledged It. "She's the only sweetheart I never loved, Alfred," he said. Because she's tho only oho I ought to have lovea. That s just the fool I have always " Bnt if she's dead and buried, you can go to her grave at any time as woll as now, to keep up the sentiment," , " I don't know tlmt she's buried." "But to-morrow— the aondomy night! Of nil days why go then ?" " I don't earo about tlio ncadeiny." "Pearston— you are our only inspired sculp- tor. You are our Praxiteles. You are almost the only man of this generation who has been nolo to mould ami chisel forms living enough to draw the idle ijublic away from the popular fjcnve paintings into tlio usually deserted lecture room, and people who have seen your last piece of stuff say there has been notiiimr lilco it silica sixteen hundred and since the sculptors of tho great race ' lived nnd died. AVcll, then, for the sake of others you ought not to rush off to tlmt God forgotteu island just wlion you aro wanted iu town, all for a woman you last saw a hundred years ago." ."No— it was only nineteen," replied his friend, witli abstracted liternlness. He went the next morning. Since tlio days of his youth a railway hnd been constructed along the pebblo bank, so that, except when tho rails wero washed away by the tides, whioli was rather often, tlio peninsula was directly accessible. At 2 o'clock in tlio aftornoon lie was rattled nlong under the familiar monotonous line of bran colored stones, and emerged from the station among the blaok lerrets and white oubes of ashlar. In on taring upon the pebble beaoli the train had passed close to tho rains of Henry tlio Eiglith'seastle, whither Avioe was to linvo accom panied him on tho night of his departure. Had sho appeared tho botrothal would havo taken Elnoo ; nnd, ns no islander lmd ever been known renk that oompaot, she would have bocomo his wifo. Asconding tho steep inoline to where the qndrrymen were chipping jnst as thoy had formerly done, and within sound of the great stone saws, ho looked southward towardu the Beal. The level line of the sea horizon rose above the surface of the i9le ; and again&t; a stretch of water where a soliool of mackerel twinkled in the afternoon light was defined, in addition to the distant lighthouse, a oliuroli witli its tower, standing about a quarter of a mile off, near tho odge of tho oliff. The churchyard gravestones could ho seen in profile against the same vast spread of watery babble and unrest. Among the graves moved- tho form of a man clad in a whito sheet, wbieh tho wind blow aside every now nnd then, revealing dark trousers under. Near him moved six mon bearing a long box, nnd two or three persons in black fallowed. Tlio coffin, with its 12 logs, looked like a large insect crawling across tho isle, undor wiiose belly tlio flashing lights from tho soa and soliool of maekerel wore reflected ; a fishing boat, far out in tho channel, being momentarily discernible through the opening. The procession wandered round to a pai ticular corner and lmltod, and stood thore n long while in the wind, the sea behind them, tlio surplice > of tlio priest still blowing. Jooelyn stood with his tint off ; ho wns prcsont, though iio was a quarter of a mile off ; and lie seemed to hear the words that wore hoing said, though nothing but the wind was audible. He instinotively know that it was none other than Avico whom he was soeing interred ; his . Avioe, as lie now began presumptuously to call her. Presently the little group withdrew from before tho sea, and disappeared. He felt himself unablo to go farthor in that dirootion, and turning aside went aijnlo»e!y aoross the ojion land, visiting the various spots tunc lie liau formerly visited with hor. But, as if tethered to tho ohurchyard by a cord, he was still conscious of being at tho end of a radiuB whoso pivot was tho grave of Avioo Oaro ; and aB the dusk thiokened ho closed upon his centre and entered the churchyard gate. Hot a soul was now within the prooincts. Tho grave, newly shaped, was easily discover able behind the church, and when the samo young moon aroso which he had observed the previous evening from his window in London ho could see tho yet fresh foot marks of the mournors and bearers. The breeze had fallen to a oalm with the sotting of tho sun ; tlio light house had oponed its glaring eye, and, disin- . clined to leave a spot sublimed both by early . association and present regret, lie moved back to tho cliiireli wall, warm from the afternoon sun, and sat down upon a window sill facing the grave. (end of part l'irst.) 