" HOW SHALL WE DECIDE THIS QUESTION." NOW, WHICH 18 THE WORST-TO HAVE NC APPETITE FOR YOUR DINNER, OR TO HAVE NC DINNER FOR YOUR APPETITE ? There are lots or people on the one side or the other of this question. When " good digestion waita on appetite and health on both," that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way; wi either have to much food without an appetite, or a vigorous appetite without enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the common sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have ar appetite without a dinner, because, shore of the starvation line, a hungry man is a health) man ; whereas a man won ought to eat and doesn't feel liko eating, stands in need of "altera tions and repairs." To illustrate. Wc recently received a com* munication in which the writer says, " I was afraid to eat." Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against the nourishment lived on ? .If the latter, why i Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, " In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at once, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles ol diet seemed to lose their flavour; the palate, to put it in that way, appeared to have nothing to say to them. One thing was alike another, and none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and a yellow fut round it. My breath was offensive and my ap petite poor, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten anything. Then I was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat and act as if it would choke me." We cannot wonder that under these circum stances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls "a pricking sensation" at his heart, as though it was touched with some sharp instrument Then, again, at times he was attacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat tolled off him. . " I dreaded," be says, "the thought of eating, and MANY A SCANTY MEAL HAVE I MADE, FOR I WAS AFRAID TO EAT. "After a time I got into a low, weak, nervous condition, and felt miserable, as il something was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal of sleep." What he means by the fear of "something going to happen" is, of course^ the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his position, his own d«alh, or the death of somebody! Hear to Mm. This was due, as he intimates, to the impoverished stateof his.bload (the Me bearer), his unstrung nerves, .and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Hie rifghi of this form of illness it altreys full'Of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of'a restless' and ungovemed imagination. ?.With great difficulty." he say*, "I ^pck to my work, for I bid a wife and 'family pending on me. So I struggled On', but what ' I' suffered for over two yeanPu put my pontes of des cription. I AM EUKS HO ONE MAS' SDffSRB SO MUCH AS l HAVE DONE." In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One'* own pain isone's own.' add is always harder to bear than is one's notion- tif-'Us ftagUbonr's pain.. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the. same wretched experience, only we don? happen to come in touch of-them. We!i, the writer Anally went (Ate thfti kfter all medical treatment had left him where it found nlmbe chanced to read in A book of a case yitACTLYXIKE Iils ott.N having been cured by ?Mother Seigel's " My wife," he says, "got me a bottle at Mr. Lang6tafl's, in Woodles ford, ahd after Using' its, comeAtk the ailment left mc and has -never k-etamed *inbe that foi tunateday. I should likp Ibeiwbolfeitporid to knew what it did for me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for- eleven years. (Signed) "GEORGE HUNT, . "Car Bottom Road, AXfperley- Bridge, niar Leeds." We publish (his by Mr. Hurt's desire, in order that part of the world at least Mqr .know liow thankful he is and for what reason,' 1' 