GENERAL NEWS.. , : Robert Dickie, painter, filed a potitiou iu insolvency last week. At tho meeting on Saturday of tho Farmers' and Selectors' Association, it' transpirod tbat a great many mombers have forgotten to pay tholr subscriptions. As the association is really a very usoful one, . guarding as it does the interests of the farmers in the district, and that the School of Arts authorities allow their room to be used gratis, and that the subscription is a ridiculously low oao, surely tbo farmors oould pay it, nnd should do so. Otherwise, their enthusiasm, their plans for the future, nnd their denunciation of things oxisting, . go for nothing. In a reoent telegram from South Australia it was stated that tho yield of wheat during tho past harvest avcrngod only four bushels to the aero. The yield per aero in Queens land for tbe samo-period, 30 far ns the re turns havo been received by tho Department of Agriculture, avornge 22 bushels to tho , acre. The returns received by the depart ment cover ' Toowoomba, Meringaudan, Oakoy Creek, Southbrook, Westbrook, Pitts- worth, Freestone Ctoek, Upper and Lower Yangan, Warwick, Bourn, and Mitchell, and .it. is not thought that any future returns will materially alter the avorago. It may be takcu as n sit»u of improvement in business (says the Wiilc Bay News) that ther /is scarcely at present a einglo carpenter > in Maryborough unoraployod ; indeed, a car penter had tobo requisitioned tbe other day from a largo firm of employers to aid in com pleting tha fl->ur-iuill building. Oulyasliort : .-vtiuio ago a number of immigrants arrived at \- port, and all speedily found engagement-, ijijte-tl'erfl is still a growing dem .nd for fflfjP'jB of various kinds. Miuing matters looking up in the district, and with fine season we are now enjoying there is ;' every, prospect of the commencement of the pood times-so long deferred. Yesterday being Whiteun Day, the service nt St Paul's Anglican Church was somewhat more ornate than usual. The ohuroh was Bimply bat effectively decorated (the chanoel being especially noticeable) with evergreens and. flowers, displaying much tnsto in its accomplishment. At the morning Servian the Rev. A. Richards wns the proaoher; Dykea' Servico in F and the anthem " Come, Holy Ghost," (Mr. G. D. M'Kay being tho soloist) being tho musical portion. In tho evening Bishop Dawes delivered a telling \- sermon suitable to tho day, and the mnsio wns "Tours in F," and the anthem "As Pants tho Hart." From tbe latost Mount Morgan Chronicle we note that Dr. Brannigan has been offorod .and has accepted the resident medical officer's position nt tho Mount Morgan Hospital. In tho report of tbe meeting of tho committee of that institution, which appenrB in onr Mount Morgan contemporary, the following intelligence is afforded "Tho chairman moved that the secretary be in structed to advertise for a dootor immedi ately. Mr. Comes said that he understood that Dr. Brannigan would not improbably apply for the post. He knew for a fact that the committee and tho majority of, if not all, the subscribers would be Iu favor of Dr. Brannigan, who was an aMe man, well known, nnd liked. Dr. Hunter men tioned that Dr. Brannigau wns highly esteemed by tho profession, and whenever he had the opportunity had proved himsolf most cnpnblc. Tho chairman agreed that it would be useless expense advertising if the mindB of the committee were mado up, and offered to interview Dr. Branuigau on tho subjeot tho next day. Mr. Lisla suggested that a special meeting of subscribers might be called so that t hey might havo an opportunity of giving expression to tbe appointment. This concluded the business before tho meeting. After an interview between tho prosident of the hoBpitsl and Dr. Brannigan, a speoial meeting was held on Thursday evening, nt . which it was unanimously rosolvod to ap point Dr. Brannigan ns Dr. Hunter's suc cessor. \ Again this weok (says tho Mount Morgan ciHrovicle) have we to record another acci dent in connection with carting, this tiuio attended with fatal consequences. On Tues day Liovuing last a lad iinmod Nigol Alex ander Findlay wns erushod to death nt a place W Trotter's Creek, six miles distant from wie Mount. It appears tlint a dray was being taken out to bo loaded witht'firo- wood, aldrivor named Francis Drake, boing at the Bead of his team, young Findlay sitting on tho dray to attend to tho brake. On arriving at the plaoo whore tho outters wore, onoV of thorn askod Drake whoro Findlay wiu|- He said ho couldn't tell, but \- . - aupposoihlVe mast have gono baok to tho camp. Hry-Was loaded, and n start mado for tt\» On reaching q r'-'n descont in thCMlflk tho dead body of > ";9n g Findlay . ".rtSiddLying on ono side, and upon in- .pection hmchest-"' " found to have been \- 1 J"r' completely staved in. The body was at once brought iu to tho Mount, and tho police acquainted of tbo ocourronco. Tbo driver accounts for tho acoidont by supposing tbat Findlay, oil leaning forward to put on tho brake, must havo been orushed botween the 1 dray aud a tree, which latter ho could not poroeive, his head being turned in tho oppo- %>eite direction. Dr. Hunter, who viewed tlio Be®" .states that ho found the chest of de cent horribly crushed in ou tho left side upon t». art. An inquiry wnB hold yester day aftenft-n, beforo Mr. liogor Lisle, J.P., when a verdict of "Accidental clontli" wnB rpturuod. Tho consideration of tho Town Surveyor's report on tho question of a permanent watO' supply for tho town will como baforo a speoial mooting of tbo Municipal Council to morrow forenoon. Tho usual monthly meeting of tho Gogango Divisional Board takes place to-morrow. Tlio most important matter for disouasion will be Mr. Athorton's motion relativo to tho ratos, of whioh moutiou has already been mado in tbeso columns. There was only one oase for hearing at the Police Court on Saturday morning, the de fendant, William Whitehead, pleading guilty to a charge of drunkenness, The Police Magistrate, who was tho sole ocou- pant of tho Banoh, discharged him witn the usual caution. \- Tho Ports and Harbors tug Fitzroy re turned early on Saturday morning from visiting the various lighthouses and light ships, and loft again yesterday morning to meet tho Portinaster, Captain T. Almond, who is to nrrive by tho Northern boat. The Fitzroy, with tho Portmastcr on board, will probably roaoh tho wharf somo time to-day. Tho weather still oontinuoa unsottled, and more rain foil yesterday. . There was no rainfall recorded up to O a.m. Saturday morning, but many of tho stations reported unsettled conditions. The thormometrical readings during the same period were:— Rockliniupton, max. 71.8, min. 51 ; Bustard Hoad, 69, 59; Inskip Point, 75, 65; St. Lawronoe, 69, 63; Mackay, 70, 62; Alico, 69, 42. For somo timo past (says the Courier) matters in connection with tho distribution of roliof to the unemployed have not been on. a satisfactory basis, and the subjeot is now reooiving attention at the hands of the authorities. Bocently there have been as many as 1200 persons on tbe books, not all in tho reoeipt of relief at one timo, but, ns it were, now eoming nnd now going. In some cases gross imposture has boon detected, and we aro assured on tho best authority that instances of this kind number fully a hundred. There is grave reason to fear that tho department ha3 boon seriously imposod upon, and wo understand that in future tho quantity of flour served to each male adult will be re duced from 101b weekly to 81b. In addition to this, no able-bodied single young men aro to receiro relief in any form in future. Iu connection with this mattor it may also be statod that tbcro is a desire among somo of the men in roceipt of relief that tho Govern ment should start works at which they can earn tho valuo of tbe supplies now served out to them, and a meeting is to be held on Thursday next, with tho object of forming a deputation to plnco thoir wishes before the authorities. Yesterday tho Government auctioneer (Mr. G. '1. Bell) conducted another large sale of Crown lands (says the Courier of Wednesday Inst). Tho salo took place under tho Special Sales of Land Act of 1891, and nttraot-cd a largo crowd of people. The total amount realised by the salo of 167,000 acres was £78,500, which wns obtained in 20 minutes. The terms of sale woro ouo-fourth onsli, and tho balance within thrso years in equal annual instalments, except in tho enso of tho Portinnd Downs resumption, for which ono-half cash was required and the bnlanco in two years, and the 'Sherwood resumption, for whioh cash was required.' Messrs. B. Newton and Co., for the Australian Pastoral Company, purchased 14' lots in tbo Noondoo resumption, county of Beimoro, amounting to 64,850 acres for £32,425. Mr. A. D. Walsh, as manager of tho Union Mortgage and Agency Company, bought tho following : — Eleven lots coua- prisod in tho Tarrick Terriok resumption, amounting to 36,808) acres, for £18,404 5s, on account of Messrs. Wallace and Casey; seven lots in tho Darr River Downs resump tion, amounting to 32,109 acres, for £16,054 10s, on acaount of Messrs. Taylor, llownn, and Co. ; and 11 lots in tho Portland Downs resumption, having an area of 21,435 acres, for £10,718. Mr. James Tyson purchased ono lot, partly on Sherwood rosumption, parish of Indcri, comprising 1799 acres, for £899 10a aash. 