Hore Olióse Mforles. ^ j I Mn STEAD'S ' More ghoBt stories' {Review t Seeietet, Od.) is on-, the.whole even bette than hw first instalment.' We have drearx and dreamers, t prophecies and second sigh spiritualist vagaries and'good honest ghost haunted''h0Ü8eB"'inJlIiöndon''and" out oí i clairvoyants, ' doubles- and 1 thought hodie innumerable. Following are a few extracts : ' ! i. GEÜESOME GHOST. Por a good old-fashioned spectre of a moi unpleasant kind, this is hard to beat When I had walked about a hundred yare away from my friends 1 saw on the bank c the canal (which runs parallel with the roa for six or seven miles) what I thought at th moment was an old beggar.' The spot waa Tery lonely one. The nearest house was good quarter of a mile away. ' The night wo as silent as death. Kot a single sound brok upon the silence from any quarter. I couldn help asking myself where this old man ha come from to such a place. I had not see him in going down the road. *».-. I then turned round quite unconcerned! to have another look at him, and had n sooner done so than I saw within half ayar of me one of the most remarkable and start ling sights . I hope it will ever be my lot t iee. Almost on a level with my own face saw that of an old man, over every ,f eatur of which the putty-coloured skin was draw tightly, except the forehead, which was linei .with deep .wrinkles. The lips were extremel; thin, and appeared to be perfectly bloodless The toothless mouth stood half ¿pen.' Th cheeks were hollow and sunken like those o a corpse, and the eyeB, which seemed fa , back . in the ... middle,.,of the .head, .wer ' unnaturally luminous and ' piercing. ' Thi terrible object was wrapped in two bands o old yellow calico, one ot .which was drawl under the chin and over the checks and tie< at the top of the head ; the other was drawl round the top of the wrinkled forehead, an; fastened at. the back, of the head. So deej and indelible'an impression'it made on mj mind that were I an artist I could paint thal face to-day, and reproduce the origina ; (excepting,-perhaps, the luminous; eyes).-ai ¿ accurately os if it- were photograptíea.íiL'vj ¡ What I have thus tried to describe ir many words I ;saw: at a glance. Acting or the impulse of the moment I turned my face (. again ;towards; ithet village,- andarán . awaj from the horrible vision with all my mighl for about sixty yards. I then stopped ano turned round to see how far I bad distanced it, and,'- to 'my; unspeakable horror,'there il was still face to face with me as if I had nol moved an inch'. .? I grasped my umbrella and .raised it to strike him, and,you can imagine my feelings when I couldsee nothing between the face and the ground, except an irregului column of intense darkness, through which my umbrella went as a , stick goes, through ?water. "'. j ? -I ara sorry to confess that I-again took to . my. heels.with increasing speed, j .i,..,; !. Having gone a few yards "down, a branch road, I determined to speak to my strange . pursuer,-,(Whatever,, he .was,..and ,1 .boldly .turned round to face him for the, third time, intending to ask him what he wanted,'eic. ' He had not followed me after I had left ftho main road;"but 'I ¿could;seeItho, horribly < fascinating facé'quiteíás plain BB whenitwns close by. It stood for,, two or three minutes looking intently'at'me" from the centre of the mam-road. > I then< realised> fully it was not a Human being in flesh and blood ; and ?with every vestige of fear gone, I quickly i walked- towards ;it: to put my questions., ^But I was disappointed,-for no sooner I made towards it thauyit movedff quickly in tho direction of Hhe -village, 'I saw it moving along, keeping the same, distance from the. ground, until it reached , tho , churchyard: '"' wnlil'j', it,'then. ¡ crossed'' the wall, and dis ' ' appeared' near where' the',' 'jëw-t'rée'1 'stood ' inside.' The moment it disáp'péare'd'I became unconscious..- When 1 came, to'myself,'two hours later," Ï. was lying in'th'e" middle pf the ' road cold and ill.-' !The strangest part'bf'my story yet remains to be told. My host,' after ;,questioning me closely in regard to'the fea- tures of the'face,- the place I had ? first seen :it, and ;tho, spot where .it, disappeared, told .; me that fifteen years before, that time, an old recluse anawering:iu every detail to iny des- cription (calicoes, bands and all), lived in a ' louse whose'ruins still stand close' by where I first saw it, and he was buried in the exact spot in the churchyard where I saw the face disappearing,and,that lie,was a,very strange character altogether. , ? " ' ! STOUT rOEMSS'A'SPKCniEN OP'HOMKIl'S STYLE After this creepy narration, it is p. v relief. to turn to-.that .favoured class of mediums who enjoy communication with" tile august, dead'.'''One of these, who evidently .is a,sincere believer in his own,'story,'wrote "to'Mr,, Stead'enclosing, samples.1 ' We cull ^i&^^^^^Xß^'^P.'A poem'dictated by'no less ii bard tuan Homer in inspired 'descrip j,tion of incidents' ' in'th'e 'early 'life1 ; of,' Shâke ''spéare.:-^' 't'..'.,,-, ,"''.'""" : - Hói'an'á his,hiáte ono night did hiél; \ « ,, .." JTp whoroa neighbour's pig did lie]':: , "'':-" ! j ?n ' '' '? Oho gashed its throat with pigment rod, '" > : . .. . .. And ono with(white foam'd.mouth and hoad. . Next aiy, the' boys and girls did shout, j . To see_tho>monster walk about. .> . " A'sick'ning'sight ! whyîain't it dead ? | Tho pig's half killed 1" old people said. : '<!-,Thisi outpouring seems to have .'.been ttóo much even'-for'Mr.' Stead, "whoiia not unduly critical o£ bis ghosts aud^hinga,when^ho gets them.' * BuÇ.tbè' medium, a*1 man of years and i standing,, assured him |.that .. the internal i: : evidence in'itself sufficed to.prove,the!verses , authentic. ' .'? ?<??'.?< ! . . ' . i: PHENOMENON OB NUISANCE ? .-7 ! " 'The result of ;Mr. Stead's'investigation of the uncanny [has evidently been' to^'impress; on him its attendant danger.to the unwary' investigator. Old-fashioned people hove . always: said " the.de'il's in't ;" andispiritual '?>'iBts"atid ' theosophists have ¡said ' tho jeanie thing in a" more esoteric language.';'Mr. .;"Stead remarks . ? . ..>';. i ,The,hypnotist1 is'.ialthöugh'.the most' co n 'spicuo'u's,'' by nd mèàns'th'e only representa rr tiv.e r pf the ancient sorcery against which both1 Church arid'Statè joined hands imoro than onçe.^in..maûy/!a. .Jand., Tho prrifes-' sional-më'dwm'w^ into drunken, immoral," or fraudulent" courses'is a centre of süfch'í moral 1 contagion ;aa'.iunder certain -í;l'circñm8tances¿might justify the community ia^j^tln{£$m^M. a 'cow that is'- taken1 with \- the- rinderpest'.''''Seances with such people, j^innjr ,enàily focóme'' moral'peBt-houkBsy from, .".-(?"iwhioh innocent Bitters may go, awn'yjtifected .v.Liwith '-tricked!i suggestions and '.',every'!jevil . ' passion. ( If,' as has been suggested, there !is -a'1'specie's''of1 self-hypnotisation possible to .'/ all sitters at a circle, rwhich renders.thon^tbe,' ready prey to every suggestion from o'thors, it is obvious thaV at à eeance'people may be vlinoculoted with a passion pf drink or.ahabit of swearing, ,or.,even,ww T..,tain-that¡.whether it,is,explained ,by siiggejs--' * tion ' when " under,.' sèlf-hy'pnotisatioiy pr whether it. is "tactually due to possession pr obsessions'. by * more «or;' less-: .demoniacal, intelligences, "-few ' spiritualistBJ' -worild''dèny that both men and women hare become the pre j to demoralising influences and hallucin- ations after attending seances. In automa- tic writing, which ia one of the simplest forms of. spiritualist manifestation, it is on record that young girls of unimpeachable character have been made the agent for pro- ducing writing and pictures the very nature of which they were fortunately unable, to understand. . . Mr. Stead thinks that some restriction will soon be necessary, and sums up the sit- uation thus :- ' :t i .."We bare to study the spook as a phenom- enon, but, if necessary, we must be pre- pared to abate him as a nuisance. . , . ; 