ON FORTUNE'S WHEEL. B? John K. Leys, Author of "The Lindsays," "Linda's Inheritance," &c.; CHAPTER XXXIII. A BOLT OUT OF THE BLUE. cur Vivian Lea now realized that hia lease of power and riches was at an end. He had no real hope of being able to contest his uncle's will successfully. The delightful sense, which he had enjoyed for the last twelve months, of being able to gratify any desire that he was likely to entertain, was on the point of vanish ing for ever—the dream of taking his place in the world of rank and fashion would never be more than a dream; he must henceforth go back to his old life, and drag out his existence on what seemed to him the miserable pittance of five or six pounds a week. For the moment be was prostrated by the blow. It seemed as if existence would hence forth be unbearable, and that it mattered nothing to him what became of him. However, he managed to get back to his hotel, and then he fled to brandy for consola tion. If was under the influence of this potent liquor that he was able to resolve on his future course of action; and he determined that he would not allow what he had heard to turn him aside from the path he had resolved to tread. At first he had thought that he must give up Ada, although the wedding-day was now close at hand. It seemed meaner than ever to marry the girl now that be had nothing to offer her. But before long he oame to the conclusion that the sacrifice was not necessary. He had seen Ada only the night before ; _ he seemed to behold still her graceful, girlish figure, her lovely pouting lips, as she turned from him in mock displeasure. No, he could not, he would not give her up. It was now Tuesday. The wedding was to be on Thursday the day after the morrow. He would marry her, and go off on his honey moon, If, when he came book from Italy, where the honeymoon was to be spent, ne found that Miss Bromley claimed the estates— well, he would behave like a sensible man. He would take sound advice; and if he was advised that the will must stand, he would give way gracefully. He had pressed Florenoe to take four hundred a-year—he wished now that he had carried out nis first intention, and had offered her donble that amount. However, she did not know that the offer had been made , as a salve to a troublesome conscience. She could hardly do less than make a similar offer when she turned him out of Scardale. With his annuity that would make seven hundred a year, and one could live in the country and keep a riding-horse on that. Perhaps Florenoe Bromley might offer him a larger share; and if so he might really do very well. Thus it happened that the ruined man slept that night in tolerable comfort, while the man who had cheated him tossed from side to side in all the misery of an uncertain future. There was one thing the Baronet had to do before he left London—buy a wedding present for his bride. He had determined that the gift should be a handsome one; a man who has nine thousand a year and no very expensive tastes can afford to bB generous. He had thought of a diamond brooch, and he had in his pocket-book Bank notes for five hundred pounds, wbioh he had provided for the purpose. After break Cast-he went out to seo after the brooch, and as he went along one of the West End thoroughfares he passed a branch house of one of the London Banks. Next to the Bank was a shop with a large window filled with sparkling ornaments, which made a brave show even in the dull December light. Sir Vivian stopped to look at them, and among the crowd of necklaces, bracelets, rings, and pendants he noticed a brooch, which he admired particularly. Stepping into the shop, he asked the price of the brooch. " Ten pounds," was the answer, "Oh!—made a mistake, I see," said the Baronet, edging towards the door. "They are the very finest artifioial dia monds, sir," said the shopman. " They posi tively cannot be distinguished from natural stones—some people, in fact, consider them superior." Sir Vivian laughed in the man's face, but the vendor of sham jewellery went on, quite unabashed— " At least, sir, they cannot keep a lady in perpetual fear of thieves, as real stoneB do. They are set in 18-carat gold; and, as I said before, they cannot possibly be distinguished from natural diamonds of the very purest water," "I daresay, but I don't want them," said the Baronet, as he walked out of the shop. As he did so he noticed the Bank which he had just passed, and it suddenly occurred to him that if he were going to be a poor man once more, this sum of five hundred poundB would be a very pleasant thing to have by him. Why not put the money in the Bank, and buy the paste diamonds for Ada ? He went back to take another look at the brooch as it Dy on its red velvet cushion in the shop window. It certainly glittered very well. He took a turn up the street and thought it over. Finally he went into the Bank, depo sited four hundred and ninety pounds, and bought the paste brooch with the remaining ten pounds. Sir Vivian set off for Scardale shortly after noon, and as he arrived before eight o'clook he sent the brooch over to the Bectory that very night. Ada opened the parcel with beaming eyes and trembling fingers, and when she saw the pretended diamonds she clasped her hands in speechless admiration. "Well, I call that princely?" exclaimed Mrs. Willoughby. " Ada, my darling girl, I congratulate you. You are indeed fortunate in your choice of a husband. This makes me more thankful to Providence that I insisted on having your wedding-dress made at a first-rate house. If your father had had his way—but never mind, my dear. I am sure, Ada, I have tried to be a true mother to you." Aaa murmured sometning complimentary to her mother, without taking her eyes off the brooch, which flashed most creditably. What were her real feelings, now that she was literally on the eve of Ler marriage ? It would be hard to say. She regretted Dunstan truly—yet there was a certain sentimental pleasure in the thought that ehe had such a big, handsome lover who worshipped her. She was half glad, half sorry, that he had left Scardale. She thought that it would have been delightful if he could have seen her in her lace veil and her diamonds coming down the church after the ceremony. And the next moment she was genuinely shocked to think that she Bhould have enter tained such a cruel, heartless thought even for an instant. Perhaps she did not really enter tain the idea; it only passed through her mind, as such fancies will do. She was not at all sorry to marry Sir Vivian. She liked him better now than she had done twelve months before; and yet she would not have been at all sorry if the marriage had been postponed for another year, if that oould have been done without placing the match itself in jeopardy. The next day dawned clear and cold, though the sun was not shining. The choir boys, with very olean surplices and very red noses, who had been practising the Marriage Service and the hymn "The Voice that Breathed o'er Eden" for weeks, were in their places by half past 11, and the county people arrived ten minutes later. There were a good many of them, in spite of the fact that Sir Vivian was new to the county, and that he was marrying a girl who, in their eyes, was a mere nobody. Some of them had accented the Hector's invi tation to be present at the wedding breakfast. The church bells began ringing soon atter daybreak; and the cheerful clangour helped to keep up the spirits of the children, who were ranged in two lines between the church porch and the churchyard gate, to serve as a guard of honour to the wedded pair as they left the church. The bridegroom arrived early ; and as soon as be was "in position," the bride and her party issued from the Rectory garden. She passed up between the two crowds_ of smiling faces, such a dainty, delicate-looking child, hardly old enough, as it seemed, to be a wife. The Rector came out of the vestry. The service was begun, and continued to the end. Then the organ played the inevitable " Wed ding Marcbf" the registers were signed, the bride and bridegroom passed down the aisle, and the people cheered heartily, the sohool children, who had tea and buns in theirminds' eye, adding their shrill " hurrah!" to the shouts of their seniors. The weddingbreakfast was over, the speeches had been delivered, the champagne was still flowing, and the bride had just slipped out, when tbree people, one man and two women, appeared at the doorway of the room where the bridegroom and the wedding guests were still sitting. The servants had naturally supposed them to be people who had been delayed by some accident, and had admitted them accordingly. The unbidden guests were Mr. Toogood, his betrothed, and Sir Vivian's wife. Leaving his two companions at the door of the apartment, Mr. Toogood slowly advanced to the foot of the table where the Rector waB sitting. " Can I speak to you one moment, sir ?" he enquired in a whisper. " Certainly," answered Mr. Willoughby, struck by the gravity of the stranger's look. He rose at onoe and led the way to a small room which opened off the dining-room. Sir Vivian had not seen his wife, who bad not entered the room. He was chatting to his next neighbour. "Tour daughter, sir—she is still here?" "Of course she is," answered the clergyman, thinking the stranger must be mad. Evi dently he was not drunk. "Thank God we came to-day 1" "What on earth do you mean?"cried the Rector, a vague alarm creeping over him. " Sir Vivian Lea " "Yes?" " Your daughter's husband " "Yes?" "Is already married to another woman." "Sir! What do you say ? Impossible!" " The lady is here. I have myself seen the register containing an entry of the marriage at St. Clement's Danes Church in London." " This is terrible 1" exclaimed the clergyman. " Not so terrible as it might have been," said the stranger. The man meant well, but the words were like a stab to the old gentleman's heart. To think that his daughter, his Emily's child, should ev er have come within a hundred miles of such profanation. '• Suppose I ask Sir Vivian to join us here," said Mr. Willoughby. "It will be well to avoid a scene as muoh as possible." Be stepped back into the dining-room. There was perfect silence there. One of the ladies who had arrived was walking np the room, Sir Vivian's back being turned towards her. When she reached hisohair, she passed it, and turned round, faoing her husband. To the bridegroom it was as if the ghost of a murdered woman had risen to condemn him, so unexpected was her appearanoe. He stopped in the middle of a word, gazing at her with horror in his eyes. "I see now why you would not recognise me, Vivian," said the woman, quietly. "Curse you !" cried the Baronet, striking at ber with his fist. The blow did not reaoh her; some one sitting close by seized the madman's arm, and held it fast. " Who can she be? Is she his wife, do you think?" whispered one of his guests to his neighbour. " Oh! surely not. But, none the less, it's deuced awkward, you know. Good- looking wench, too," was the reply. Meantime, Toogood bad approached, and he saw at the lower end of the room a grenadier like woman in gorgeous array, and a child-like figure in a grey travelling dress. It was the bride and her step-mother. " Ada, go upstairs," said the Reotor. " Take ' her away, Anne," he added to his wife. But the girl had already advanced someway up the room. It was too late for any one to interfere. She went on till she stood opposite her newly-wedded husband, who had not notioed Ada's approach, and was still soowling at his wife, speechless with mortification and rage. Th6 bride looked round bewildered. On every face ebe saw a look of pity, and in a moment the truth flashed upon her mind. Then she turned to the woman at whom Sir Vivian was still looking. " Madam, who are you ?" she asked, quietly. "I am that gentleman's lawful wedded wife," answered the woman. "He daren't deny it, soamp as he is." Ada looked at the man to whom she had been married an hour before, and marked the scowl of hate that rested on his handsome features. Then, without a word, or a seoond look at any one, she turned and walked away. Sir Vivian seized his glass—it was full of champagne—and tossed it off. " Ha! ha! ha!" he laughed wildly. " Quite dramatic, upon my word 1 Clara, my girl, you'll find that this is the worst day's work you ever did in your life." "But Vivian, Sir Vivian, I should say, aren't you going to take me home? \ouknow I'm your wife. " You may go to the devil, for anything I care," he answered brutally, and swaggered out of the room. It is one of the virtues of good wine that it helps to carry a man through a crisis of this sort: and Sir Vivian had swallowed the better part of a magnum of ohampagne. As he left the Rectory, the guests began to hunt for their hats and overcoats, and wonder aloud who would go for their carriages, as if no consideration was any longer due to the master of the house. Meanwhile, Mr. Toogood was trying to impress on Mr. Willoughby the fact that he had no idea that Sir Vivian was contemplating bigamy, or he should have interfered sooner. He had only learned the day before, from Colonel Meredith, that Sir Thomas's will had been found, and that it contained nothing prejudicial to Lady Lea's interest. The will. Colonel Meredith had remarked, was adverse to the present Baronet. But there was nothing m it to offer the shadow of on exouse for his denying or ooncealing his marriage. Upon this Mr. Toogood determined to take Lady Lea down to Soardale the next day, and force Sir Vivian to recognise her ashig wife; and this intention he carried out, with results which he did not anticipate. "I'm afraid there wasn't much use in our coming," said Mr. Toogood, as he led his two lady friends, as he called them, baok to the rail* way station. " Oh, Algernon ! Think of that poor girl!" cried Jane. "What you have saved her from !" "I meant as far as we are concerned, of course," he returned. "My belief is that when the will is proved, the Baronet will turn out to be quite a poor man; and I don't see that we have any reason to be proud of him otherwise." " Well, at any rate, I'm Lady Lea, nobody can deny that," said his future sister-in-law, drying her eyes as she spoke. This thought proved to be of the greatest oomfort to her all the wav back to Unner Holloway. When Sir Vivian returned lib the Hall, he found a letter which had come by the after noon post from Colonel Meredith's solioitors. It formally announoed the discovery of the will, stated that probate would be applied for immediately, and also informed him that the tenants would receive notice not to pay the half-year's rentB to him, but to the agent of the trustees, who would be appointed im mediately. For two hours the Baronet sat with this letter in his hand, pondering many things. He realized that, although he might stave oS the evil day for a time, he must be worsted in the fight; and that the only result of litigation would be that payment of his annuity would be stopped until the costs incurred had been paid. Certainly that would not do. He looked out on the wintry' scene, the terrace and the park beyond. For fourteen months the place had been his own. Now ha must leave it and go baok to his old life. Why not go at onoe, he asked himself. Why stay there till he was kicked out 1 If heset off now he could yet catch one of the mail trains easily, and be in London before midnight. The thought had hardly occurred to him before he determined to put it into execution. He wanted no dinner, he was not hungry. He would take no luggage, but telegraph to his clerk to have his old rooms in Limetree-court ready for him. A minute or two was enough for his prepara tions. He wrote the telegram, put on his hat and overcoat, and went out alone into the winter twilight. The great door clanged behind him. It was as if a voice had spoken bidding him return no more. The long avenue lay before him; it was growing darker every moment. The wind blew chill among the gaunt trees around bim. But he neither notioed the darkness nor heard the icy wind. He was thinking at that moment that never, in all the years to oome, would he and Ada Willoughby meet again. 