Christmas Brevities, whole lot of people advertising with There are a wnoit- v r W(J ar0 ROjDg to usjost n°w wb gP that pe0p)e may epot ih m^nt The advertisers who come up to the music every time are . wrkw a fashionable tailor in High-street. ,AfLms hi'spatrons that his stuff is we ie |S Some people's pockets are pretty well, B£rBnk fust mU-ihat is what ought to be in them I shrunk just n ^ no use for pockets b?B iTtut ifl'l ey buy a suit from Frew it will graatcWfromoneXmas.toanother., WILLIAM Obth is every bit as good as a papon , naire into double harness in no time,, nJ "saddle " be the day they pass him by. He u « i«rce staff of first-class workmen, and repairs are finished early. He has got a plant! h wfflrthv the inspection of carters, carriers, "i, SniMB farmers, farriers, and fruitgrowers, Si £=« butchers, and bacon-curers, woodies, Sgoners, and warriors. You call and see. moMBB AND O'BBIBN. -They're really worth trS? tor there's never a dry'un, they couldn t y nn the very best terms, so its nr n £fg? For thirsty souls, full bowls ot vour best girl's thirsty, don't neglect ber; tCw you up when you least expect her. TOHN PBIQB AND BON do not want to have to J°" |,ut if persons have to vacate the IwbGsUhing their friends can do is to allow Mr. p tet cS out the arrangements This firm is nrenaved'to do'business with anyone from a prince to a pauper! Special redudtions made for members of Parliament, '' Mr D J. WOBBOYS is prepared, on behalf of n,fphMi* Fire Office, to insure anything from a stack to a palace. Anyonb having a burning desire to do business can call round. mr T L. Wkstbkook, manager of the Joint Stock Bank, is prepared to negotiate bullion and either wav in any quantity. Valueless Sues, bad notes, and I.O,U.> fixed.up in Adam's tt also leaden shillings and two-headed half oennics held over for future con«idernii-n H..t solid marks can come along at onco. \ THOMPSON & Co,, tif the1 St. Marys tannery, are good at tanning hides and .sheepskins into feather, but they can tan all sorts of things into all sorts of money. This cuts both ways, and is valuable to all concerned. Arthur JUDGES is doing good biz in the life ussurin" line. Ho will fix people up alive or dead fn no time, and put them on to a real good thing in the Australian Mutual Provident Society,: ALFRED COM.KSS doesn't want anyone to burn their fingers, so he tells the world that the Austra lian Mutual' Fire Office in the oldest, richest, and tat in the land, ihereforo, don't trust to luck such weather as this, but get insured at once. T J F CADDKN has good terms to offer in the nhent Der'sbent line. If securities are good, aud times are bad, the only thing to do is to pawn the pumpkins. The Commercial Bank is prepared to do business all the time. D J WOBBOYS has a well assorted stock of multifarious articles in the stationery line, and for tovs &c..; he takes the bun. He alBO dabbles in insur ance, and i9 always ready to knock material down with his hammer, and pick. up the equivalent straight Bway. Ctjllkn BULLEN LIMB COY, are ready to help builders and agriculturists in every possible way to procure their lime, to erect cdifices, or fertilise farms. Xbb AUSTRALIAN WIDOWS FUND is a real good thing in life assurance, about which Mr. U. J. Worboys can give every information, JAMES DIXON is a tailor of the first water. His variety is wonderful, and his fit is the envy of a 1 the toffs iii town, and as for cheapness well it s wonderful how he makes not only the garment fit the patron, but the price fit both. BBONGER BROS, arc making their fortunes this weather. The wind causes a dust, which brings about a thirst, which engenders a longing for liquids. ..Refreshing but temperate, Brongers ..crated waters..and. cordials fill the gap, and the thirsty procession keeps on all the time. . MRS. I. E. BRUCE: of the Royal Hotel, runs one of those old-time hosieries where home comforts can be procured, and where the best of everything is kept. Good stabling is a speciality, and accomo dation for " commercials " is a tine quanon. 1), MORGAN (from Scotland) of Besley's build ings, ia quite sure that though time3 are bad, his workmanship will ensure a continuous run of custom. He has a grand stock of Christmas pre sents on hand just now, especially in watches which are both cheap and good. JOHN PRIDDLE has got some grand turn-outs for the summer holidays. Buggies, sulkies, 'sociables, and drags, drawn by the liveliest of horses are on hand daily, but stumble up lively or someono else ' will have the box seat. ROBERT STUAUT runs the' Local Paddy's market and on Friday afternoons will sell any line from a mother-in-law to a hair pin. The Foresters' Hall is the great Friday afternoon rendezvous of farmers and townspeople. W. LENNOX puts the fettle in the horses with his hay and corn, nnd a drive through the.country behind a pair of Lennox-fed nags is a thing of beauty and a joy for over. . J." H. SAINSBURY is buildfng his fortune with bricks and mortar at St. Marys. He also, paints, glazes, and imperilling*, rnd his work is renowned throughout tne country. ? F. G. WA'BD will make hair flv on application. He is not a pugilist, but a hairdresser j he also keeps renowned brands of tobacc > and cigars. G. Beslky has attained renown as a blacksmith and wheelwright, and with the assistance of a good staff he' holds on to. it all tho time. For twenty years have tho Penrith public known him, and his work doesn't need to come back every ten minutes to be repaired. . W. H; PALING & Co. are doing a temendous | business in the Bale of the cornet, lute, harp, sank but psaltery, dulcimer, and all other kinds and variety of musical instruments, and they are now engaged in the pleasant task of slaughtering large lots of'iniloc&nt; waltzs, love songs, and lively operetta music. Stackfl to choose from, MISS' MobijCBTY has few rivals in the millinery lino, and some great Xmas lines of head gear of tho most tasteful description are to hand. J,/JESSON, builder and contractor, of Jloufcy Hill, has.mor-tar do than "wood" last him for a long timo. Thirty years of experience has not been lost upon him; . '' W. J. RAYNEB is sustaining the grand reputa tion he has gainpd as a nurseryman and orchardist, . and his cuttings are called for from all parts of N.S.Wi yiBitors -should call on him at the Evan- | dale Nursery, Sprfngwood,. < F, SdAUGHTEB"'is not'behind the .times by any PWPT'iii and his stock is very choice. Tennis and cricketing understandings aro a special lino with the firm, and the public can't go wrong in patro nising this establishment for boots and shoes of oveiyday wear.' , W. FLEMING'S bricks are a bye word in tho diBtriot, and he is getting rid of them as fast as the kilns can' turn them out. What more does he want? . E. J, BLACK takes a pride in being a celebrity in the coaching line. See his four-in-hands on the roads daily 1 Stout horses, comfortable conveyances, and competent, careful drivers like Black's always get the custom. Mb. GEO. O'SHEA, of Parramatta, a musician of some rspute, is establishing a connection in Pen rith. He is a special artist on tho piano, violin, . and cornet.* ' W. OABBERRXI of tho Enterprise Tannur.y, St. Marys, is graduallybuilding.up. an extensive boot trade. Boots made to order, fit like a glqyo ftnd last like a mean grandfather with £10,0pp a y*jar. ; Don't disbelieve this I ' JOHN GOSTIN has a tonsorial fame w|ili !i It 'jit " him in customers all the time, and as for tobacco and cigars well there's nothing like 'em. What . more do the public WBnt ? ANTHONY HORDERN A.nd SONS are a Sydney fifm of' rem^rtfable vigor, and th^ir capacity is unlimited. A needle to an anchor is a fool to them. They will sell anything from a pea nut to a "terrace of palaces" and keep on winking the other eye all the time. STEPHEN BUTLER can provide as good a Xmas roast as anyone, and other little dainties in the butchery line besides. He makes a specialty of small goods, cuts his joints to suit customers of all (Calibres, and is prompt on bis attendance of patrons, What more do they want ? JOHN SQUIBKS is a a plumber of renown and standing, and his workmanship admits of no ques tion. He's at the old place still. B. NEILSON is always ready to reproduce the "phiz," of patrons, and-at Xmas time especially primes his camera with a deadly, aim. Everybody is satisfied with Neilson's pictures; What more do you want 1 JOSEPH HILL, the High-Btreet tailor, can fit a soldier or a snilor, or a tradesman or a preacher, and he will not over-reach yer, " Oh he is a darl ing creature," That's what all the ladies say when their husbands grand and gay do a Buit of clothes display " made by Hill the other day.". Ta-ra-ra ia-boom-dc- ay. JUDGES BBOB. are the next, and we're sure they'll not be vexed, if they're treated to a rhyme, for they'll get there all the time, "What's for Christmas 1" do you say 1 " What is not i " then answer they. We have lime-juice, figs, and cur rants, lollies, spices, marmalade ; sugar, salt,- let no demurrants, try to put us in the shade. Walnuts, dates, and almonds (soft shell) ; - Arnott's noted Xmas cakes, baking powder, cheese-we must ?sell ; money we'll rake in with rakes. Cheese' the Dutch and good Bodalla ; hams all sizes very choice; on this " tack " you'll not get sallow ; give it out with-heart and voice. Go along do and see Judges Bros, stock of grocery, .crockcry, glassware, tinware, drapery, etc., etc. ,. ~'.; W. & Ei. FULTON are makingVgrefct. preparations for Xmas. Their millinery staff is, Tpri off its legs, the boot room is full both day and'night, while the grocery, crockery, ironmongery, etc,, is vanishing like the directors of a cronk bank. What do you want in reason that you can't get at Pulton's 1 They say nothing ; they are never stuck ; and as they are in daily communication with the best Sydney warehouses all the season's novelties are on show- comfortable, fashionable, and reasonable. Their preparation for Xmas in the rjrucery Hue is truly marvellous. Hams, fruits, spices, essences, cordials, all for the asking. Just let the ladies see the prints, zephyrs, crepons, muslins, delaines, etc., with trimmings and buttons to match, and the shop will not hold the customers from daylight till late each night. Dresses to dance in, to flirt in, and walk in, dresses to laugh in and spoon in, and talk in, dresses in which to do nothing at all, dresses for brenkfast and dinner and ball. Such pretty boots and shoes too, for pretty little feet and such dainty little boots to hide ugly big feet, and so on till fu"ther orders. GEORGE NA.SH has just broken out in a new place. He announces Xmas presents for every customer. Just fancy £500 worth of goods to be given away from to- day till Xmas eve. Presents ! Why it is wonderful how he can do it I He is actually going to give away with parcels cut glass sugar, butter, and jam dishes, water jugs, decanters, lamps, toilet sets, breakfast sets, tea Bets, cruet stands, and dinner services ; and if he goes on liko that he will give the whole shop away, and all that therein is. Well, the customers can't help it if he does suffer from enlargement of the heart, they must just run in and seize the opportunity ; Mao the presents and goods, and George Nash will have to take his gruel for his temerity. DAVID JONES & Co of Sydney are the great special artists in the shopping by post line. Dress matorials and the requirements of ladies generally are their principal forte, and there is nothing which they cannot produce when asked. A complete list of prices and varieties can be got by post, free of charge.. TURNER Bitos. are the champion drapers, grocers ironmongers, and produce merchants of St. Marys, They have on the board a specially reduced price list for cash I Anybody who gets spot cash can shame the devil of avarice, and cut things like a spoke shave, St. Marys people recognise this, and the Commercial stores are always full of customers. Orders are delivered with promptness to all parts of the'district; and the special line of Christinas goods on hand is spoken of as wonderfully cheap and good, . R, SUZOR is not a sulky man, but he is a man of sulkies, buggies, and breaks, waggons, or wheel barrows, And don't you forget it. W. H. MURRELL, by means of a handssme diagram, gets a customer to explain that you can't fool him, and that he wants, the London and Sydney Tea Company's tea. You try it 1 G. COOPER, builder and contractor of Station street, by his workmanship and the testimony of clients, has become very popular in the building trade. Give him an order. ARTHUR JUDGES advertises himself as an M.P.S. This does not mean " men poisoned sometimes," nor does it mean "my poor side " or "mad,poor soul." It simply denotes n !'member of. the pharmaceutical society." We sincerely desire that A.J. will do a very poor trade this Xmas, though we hope none of our readers will tell him this because you kuow tilings arc repeatod so. TATTERS A L L's (the sweep promoter) name is legion in N.S. W. He lias at present on the boards a sweep on the Summer.Cup to be run at Sydney on December 2f> j also a consultation on Tattersall's Cup for Januniy 2. COODLET AND SMITH, of .193 George-street, Sydney, are doing great things with th'ejr bricks, drainpipes, flower pots, lime, galvanised iron', plate glass, timber, etc. You see I .. PRIZE TOBACCO. " Yo've hitor " Target" tobacco becomes more popular, every, day. As a Xmas smoke it oannot l>e excelled. - MR. H. NEEDS is a friend in need if a piano needs tuning. He travels round this way pretty often, and should bo kept busy at this'particular season. .' W. H. MCKENZIE, alias Mac, with a splendid suit will clothe your back ; the best of stuffs to suit the climate, for working men, or sports," or Primate ; foit-everyone who clothing needs, Mac has sac, and serge, and tweeds. Take this in who runs and reads, HOLLOWAY, the evergreen pill man, still looms out as one of the boss advertisers of the day. After tho Xmas surfeit qomes.....tho feast of pills. So remember Hollowly. PARKE & LACY uiakc.a,Bpoiiiulily of their gas and oilegines. Their address is "117, Ularcueo street, Sydney. DAVID JONES & Co.'arc making. a. big boom with their cheap suits of orient clothing. Just fancy a whole rig out for A2 to £2 10. W. H. BARLOW, thfe-great cash grocor, is revolu lionising storekeeping,. The cash basis is tho basis on which tho millenium will be built up. Pay as you go is tho bed-rook of honcstv, and under this system booms and swindling will bo impossible. Glauco.down Barlow's price list, and you will notice tho splendid terms on which everything is offered. Luxuries and necessaries are equally reasonable' and orders are delivered with a prompt itude really wonderful. Glance down Hie list and compare it with Sydney prices and you will see the lattor coming in a bad last. Soap, starch, and candles, flander-brioka and' turpentine, pepper, glue and mustard, caster oil and- lint, treacle, peas, clothes lines-but we'll stop right here and let people read for themselves. Vv ASHINOTON H. SOUL AND CO. hnvc got a vory pure little line in tho shape of some bakiug powder known OB Soyer's patent. It can be purchased from any of the storekeepers. JAMES EPPS AND CO are as usual to the fore with their grateful, comforting bovorage-which, like good wine, needs no bush. KOSTEH'S Bugle brand ala and stout still retains tho public favor, and is a favorite adjunct to the Christmas' clicer. W, SOUL is also to tho fore with his Australian relish which is pronounced by connoisseurs to be Al. K. CAMPBELL announces tho Luddcnham Show for Tuesday and Wednesday, 21st and 22nd February. Of eoursc everybody is going. . A. COLLESS,' of tho NEPHAN TIMES Stationery Repository, is doing big things with his extenslvo nud varied stock of goods in this departments Xmas cards are a specialty j as are also books for presents to the children, writing paper of varied description, photo frames, ornaments, ink stands, etc, But everybody has heard all this before. WILLIAM WILRON AND SONS, of 8 Talbot Court, London, are anxious to open up accounts with Colonial buyers, and will be glad to forward Europe? n and American orders. Bead their offers, G. Gr. GREEN calls attention to bis German Syrup, the value of which high testimony is given. It is a good agent in curing coughs and colds in anticipation of the coming jovial healthy season, E. MOBHIS is running a nice little stationery depdt in High-street, opposite Biley-street, Penrith, He has a large stock on hand which he naturally wants to dispose of and so he asks for a fair share of public patronage. MISS CADDKN has increased the number of her private day and boarding scholars since last Xmas, and the proficiency of her charges is widely, recognised. G. C. WALDRON, solicitor, and commissioner of affidavits, is as usual ready to consult an unlimited clientile any evening aad on Saturday mornings. Seasonable advice will bo given to callers at " Kallalla," Henry-street, DR. JOHN SI>AKK, of Katoomba, is as usual ready to care for the perishing, and restore the dying to health and strength, He has removed to "St. Cyres," near the lailway station, \V. SYKES, architect, and building surveyor, is always ready to do business. He is on view occasionally at the TIMES Office. All the largo buildings recently erected in this district have been erected under his direction. T. W. HOWLEY, consulting, and dispensing chemist, looms up largo as is his usual wont. He is (it to dispense cures for 'everything, from'a cut linger to a broken neck. .' E. A. HARMS, land and municipal'surveyor of St, Marys, announces that he isspecially licensed to survey under Torrcns Act, FILMS' great circus and menagirie is showing at Sydney just now. Fathers and mothers should take the childron down to see the wonders.ns a special treat. NOBLE SC CO have a grand old show; they're the drapers don't you know. Hear the sound of putt'ring feec, off to Noble's,- up the street; they want coats and waistcoats too, trousers, collars all quite new ; flannels that defy the heat, stockings,' comfort for the feet; dresses, linens, ribbons, lnces; bright nttire suits bright faecs j everything in rhyme and reason, all on hnud to suit the season ; for the place is chock- a-block with a plethora of stock ; to dress well is not a crime, buy a dress for Christmastime. Millinery can be bought, cheap and all to fashion wrought; trimmed all natty, neat and quiet; cheap and good is Noble's fiat. R. ROBINSON the Mount Druitt vigneron has a choice lot of wines on hand which should be much valued as a Christmas beverage. A, INNESS will supply Australian yule i.e. box wood and ironbark wood at 9s 6d per ton. W. RENTON is also disposed to provide the wood to cook the sucking-pig nfc the cheap rate of 9s 6d per ton. FREDERICK VINE is hard at work cutting chaff and wood and crushing corn at his mill, at the corner of Highistrcct and Castlereagh road. May he prosper I E. CROSS lias made many improvements in Penrith during the past year with his paint brush, and has made?' raauy a home pleasant by paper hanging and decorating generally. He is now located between High and Woodriff-streets, and his sign is wonderful and startling. W. A. BRODIE & Co of Parramatta still wield the auctioneers' hammer with good effect. Miss A. TURNER,-dressmaker, St. Marys, has her hands very full just now keeping pace with the demands of the ladies' In connection with habili ments for Xmas. 0\. C. EZZY, located on the Crescent, Lemon grove, iB making a start on his own account. Drapery, grocery, and produce of the best quality kept in stock and families are waited on for orders, Miss COSOROVB, Penrith's leading modiste, is now located in High-street near Biley-street, where she will be very glad to meet her clients. BRUNTON AND CO., of 173 Clarence-street, Sydney, are the gold medal (lour millers. ? THE NEPEAN TIMES has got a specially on for Christmas, in the form of a supplement in Which appears a 'specially ; written Australian talo j a number of ghost stories of exceptional interest; also other items of interest to the general reader. See that you get one I II. SAMPSON has a<large list suitable-for Xmas presents which would water the eyes of a crocodile. Just fancy serviceable watches for 16s Od. Six guineas will purchase a hummer. Then his jewel lery is wonderful and the variety thereof is ch8rm ing, besides the price has been spoke-shaved to meet the depression. Now is the time for couples to become, engnged for Sampson has rings to. fit every size and shape of finger. ,And for those who are blind to his other specialities .ho, will provide spectacles which will " take their eye " straight off. Just drop in. ; II, SPENOEU, of Mt, Druitt, has a choice lot of winos on hand in anticipation of the merry 25th, Drop him a line I F. ELLIOTT has lately taken the shop at tho corner of Henry and Woodriff- streets, and has opened it up as an all-round general store. Highest prices are given forcountry produce ; and customers are met'in a very liberal'manner. Look F.E. up I COATES & HARPER, of Parramatta, have some especial lints of building material oh hand just'now. EASTERNROOK & EARP promise the people of Penrith some grand joints of prime Mulgoa beef, fresh from the meadows for Xmas; also mutton, lamb, veal, pork, poultry, etc. They claim to be the cheapest butchers in the market, BRYANT ip MAY'S matches are good enough, and will do niqely to light a Xmas cigar. Buy some I HENRY NEALB makes one feel, as though Xmas will be real j without ice, and without snow, without any puff or blow-but a real Australian show, for wo mortals hero below; see we've always told you so. There is nothing in this shop, they can't get you at one pop j you wont catch them.on the hop I Christmas ' pudding raw material ) bonnets oh aren't they etherial; dress stuffs, ah look at tho prices; candles, lemons, pea-nuts, spices, white shirts, raisins, lemon peel; quite enough. to make one feel half inclined to do a steal, though not hungry for. a meal. Ties, and suits and Xmas cards, guns and collars by tho yards ; stacked in hotcrogeneous piles ; jam tius, fancy ties, and tiles. This 'ero "ad." will raise big smiles; go to Nealo's it's worth your whiles I DIXON'S tobaccos are Conqueror, Sir Roger, Yankee Doodle, Champion, Centennial, etc. ANTHONY HORDERN AND SONS, universal pro vidora, Sydney, say "onoe a customer always a customer." Their torms arc " spot oasli " and they send all packages over tho value of 152 10s free. THOMAS NEALB is tliu real, timber inan with whom to deal, for his progress -is your weuli and he'll fit you bow and keel. Seasoned flooring weahter boards, neither warps, nor splits, nor frauds j hard wood palings, posts, and rails, not bought up at" shoddy Bales; everything tho building trade will require to Bliado, and ho calls a spade a spade ; suck, a man won't he afraid, when ho finds liis cfy^pcuB weighed, with outsiders retrograde ; never Iet'his' memory fade-orders quick will be obeyed, dragged or carried, pulled or drayed, WATT'S Pectoral Oxymel of Carragheen for coughs, colds, influenza, etc.-a sure cure; FRY'S COCOA is nourishing, soothing, ' and invigorating, ARTHUR JUDGES, our popular Chemist, has a splendid assortment of porfutnory of tho genuine sort just to hand for Christmas; also Christmas, Now Year and Birthday Cards, J. WILOHER has a music depot in High-street, where pianos, violins, and all other kinds and varieties of instruments may be bought on oasy terms. He also runs a singing p|ass | and stores up sweet melody which ho Juis' IOWHU at dances and other social functions. . II'u "N Mviiui'cd to receive pupils and teach them to pluy un uuy instrument under tho sun from a toui-tom to tin orgun, LASTLY the NEPEAN TIMES is one of the best ! paP.e*8 io Australia in which to advertise. It's motto is progress and reciprocity. That is we do best and help those who help us, Thore 'are many who could assist us just now by paying their little mite. Don't say " Ob it's only balf-a-srown." We want that half-a-caser badly 1 So please send it along instanter for: Nothing is so sad and thrilling As the unpaid printer's cry ; We are game aijd we are willing, . But the ready's running dry. Hear us sigh 1 Come our friends each little aids us Keep the wolf from out the door ; .Mean the man who oft'evades us, And who will not pny'his Bcore. Makes us raw 1 Wd dbn'fc want to go up King-street, , We want to keep on our feet; .Now 'tis Xmas, comc and help us, Just to furnish bread and meat. All's complete I 