ZILLAH: A ROMANCE. IV JOSEPH HOCKING, : " Elrad the Hie,' Easterbrook," ic. ' Jabes CHAPTER XXVIII. SKEISG IN TB1S DAUK. " Can tl:c s.iilur luuve the ui.iin? Wili Hie putter Leed the cl -y* Mortal where the spiiit drives, Thither must the wheels obey. " Neither ai-k, nor fie!, nor nLri-.v; Where tiij path t).<m sink u<i, 13e who u atle the stre.a;.s of time I Wafts thee Uuwu to wra.1 or woe.'' J —CNMILES IV:N'.;SLI:V. ; " And what might you want'; inakin' so ' bould as askin' ? 1: t;ad a somewhat querulous voice to Jack, as he slowly entered the Church. "To look at the Church," replied -Jack, wondering how he could get the old man to let him look at the parish register. Different men must be won in di fferentways. To win the heart of one you must flatter his vanity, while it you would gain the ear of another you must praise his garden, hia dog, or it may be some ugly, half-witted son. Another's affections are got through his pocket6, and another by tickling him—metaphorically of course. Jack looked at the dry, wizened face of the old man before him, and wondered how he should succeed in getting hini to consent to unlock the safe containing the register of marriages. "Well," said the old man, after a minute's silence, " I specs you've about seen the Church by this time, of you evn't, my advice is come to the service to-morrow mornin', and then you can both see and hear." There was a kind of grin in his face which Jack tcok note of, and so he said quietly— " And then I should find you engaged and not able to give a bit of information. No, no! I am lucky in finding you here, and when £ see a man that knows something I like to talk to j him." I " Yes, but what's the use of knowin' anything in a place like this 1 Spoein' I do know, s'posin' I do tell the people things ?—they don't understand." ths people so ignorant, then mia "Ignorant! inaua I5e t ® r - Time ( after time I've said I'll go away i P ut> then I W^Efe^uld^tm^vi°fceWeTwhJelriKhtL" ' i I 6 replied Jack. ^ j "Ezekiel Wheelright," replied the sexton, U with withering contempt, "why, he can't do nothin'. Goes to Church in the morning and Chapel atnjght. Sou can't depend on a man like that. He's aothin' at all." Now, in me Mr. Page hev got a man he can depend on. I would'n go to chapel, sir, not for—well for— for anything." "And yet this sextoning business isn't worth much to you, is it?" "Scarce anything. Why, how can it be? 1 ain't a-buried a livin' soul for more'n three 1 weeks, and as for wall-graves now, when a chap can pick up a bit of money, why, people be so blamed poor that they wa'nt have a wallgrave." " Hard," replied Jack, " very hard. Never mind, there'll be better days coming." " Don't think BO. Why, the people seem as though they'll live for ever in these parts. Old chaps has should hev given me a job years years agone be still livin'and kickin,' and I feel as though I should'n like anybody else to have the job of burying 'em." " And so things are rather slow here." "Nothin'doin,' sir. Why, my son he went to Exeter years agone, and he write home to me. 'Dear father,'hesays, 'this is the place for life,' he says; 'fnneral every day.' Ah, Exeter must be the place for sextons, as sure as my name Is Tommy Dain." Jack laughed quietly, all the time wondering how the old man could talk so in a Church. 'And BO Isuppose you are always glad to earn a few shillings cheaply ?" "That I be." be.' I thought you might be the man as soon as ever I saw yon," said Jack. "What will be 'h® 1186 m y troubling Mr. Page when you ; can do-all I want 5 i " •mi What _ do yon want ?" asked Tommy. T - . ,—•» Ii W h / * tho ?? ht ' going to the parson \ here and asking him to let me see the marriage ! OI aomg ^ .• 861 T ^ Z ^ Z t ^ ^ ^ ^ | "Five shillings?" repeated Tommy; "why, l f y° u went a*" 1 ^ed Mr. Page he would say, -Oo to Tommy Dain; he's th! boy.' Why, I ain't like an ordinary sexton, mister; I'm the parson's right-hand man. And so you want to look at the register. Why? I have been to j all theweddins in this Church for forty yew. Ah I've seen a lot o' poor men undone m my ^y. Hi, it's off and on, marryin' and butyin'. Fiveshillin 1 Come this way-there's alight a the parson's vestiy." The vestry of Dingleford Church was sepa- J ^^trom the main building only by a wooden i partition about 7 ft. high, and into this enhis S 06016 Ja< k trowed the sexton. He had won hig DurlX)£e purpose easilv. easily, without, arousing the old man's suspicions. Not that he had anything to bide, only he felt a desire to investigate this matter quietly. What had been designated as a safe was a rough wooden box, which was secured only by a padlock. It could easily have been wrenched open, for the wood was old and rotten. Evidently, however, there was no need for a stronger receptacle, and thus the box had done service through long generations. Tommy turned tne key in the padlock, and took out a big thick boolL "Do yon want to turn to any particular year?" rsked he. Jack calculated the time, and asked for a certain year, to which the old man quickly j turned. Page Pacre after page nam Jack .Taolr turned, fnrnoH and anil ' then stopped, while nis heart gave a sudden leap. Yea, here were the names for which he looked. He scanned the signatures closely in the light of the old man's candle. They were both clear and plain. The man's was bold and firm— " Josiah Pnglcwood,." The woman's name was written in a slanting, angular hand— "Inez CarreUx)" There was no doubt about the marriage now, and yet what good had he done by coining hither J Then a thought flashed through his mind. "Can you read this," he asked ? *' Course I can," replied Tommy. '' See that I make a correct copy," he said. He took out his pooketbook, tore a leaf therefrom, and wrote rapidly. ' " Put your name to this," he said when he had finished. Tommy scratched his name. "Nothin'wrong, sir, I hope 5" " Nothing at all," replied Jack. '' Xow let us go." Tommy locked the box, and held out his hand for the money Jack had promised him ; but before he took it, he clutched the young man's arm nervously. "See, see," he said, pointing towards the vestry window. _ Jack looked, and there 6aw a dark, sinister- looking face, with a malignant expression upon it. ' "Its a ghost, p'raps the devil," said Tommy. "Ah, I'd no business to let you look at the parson's book, and now I've got to suffer." "Nonsense!" stud Jack; "It's only some villager watching us." , "No, it ain't ; why there's no one would go in the churchyard alone after dark." " TOquickly eee," said Jack, and turned to leave the Church. I "No, don't leave me," said Tommy; "I daren't stay here alone now. Let me take hold of your arm, j Jack humoured the old man, waited while J he locked the belfry-door, and went through t chutchyard with him. He looked eagerly around, but he could see no one; whoever it . was he had eeen, he had escaped quickly. j JHe -^e left Tommy at the churchyj churchyard gates, and ' J L walked quietly back ' to " the village a inn. Nothing „ importance had happened, and yet he felt uncomfortable. He could see nothing to be troubled at in the fact that a farm labourer had followed hiin through the village, or that he should be sufficiently interested to come and 8e e what he was doing in the Church, and yet he was ill at ease. Besides, what had he \- . , . „ iL. , r- ; gamed by going there? Nothing but the ! assurance that Josiah Inglewood had been j married to Inez Carello. It is true that he had now learnt the name of the gipsy bride, ! but somehow that was nothing to him. His coming to Dingleford had not thrown any ! light upon the mystery of Zillah. Still, he I had not expected much, and the knowledge he I had gained might be of importance to him. There was only one thing more to learn in Dingleford as far as he could see, and that was whether the child that was born to them was registered here. ,If that were so, then, , y -,— • . except for a vague surmise, he was as much in the dark '"" as ever. These thoughts passed through his mind as he sat in the bedroom to which he had been shown. The room fronted against the main road, but the time had come when most of the people had gone to bed, so everything was quiet. "I don't think I have any reason to hope that my ... - .... thought, going wonder _ o must, I must; life would be misery indeed' if I thought that we had parted for ever. I must have been a fool. Somehow they suspeoted something, and invented this idea about going to Spain in order to pacify her aad deceive me." (To be continued.) TOOVEBOOME WEAKNESS Pepper's Quinine and Iron Tonio gives New Life, Appetite; Health, Strength, and Energy, it cures Indigestion, Nervous Debility, and Neuralgia. Half-crown bottha. Everywhere, Insist on j having Pram's. B93UUO i t • 