THE EMPEROR’S DU,EMMA. An amusing’ ana ouriouB transaction in China, in which tho Emporor took part, is recorded in threo recent issues of tho Pokin Gazette. A short tiino ago lira Ja-Lung, at ono tiino Oommundor-m- Chiof in Yunnan, died at his native placo. Mauy citizens in tho province drew up an elaborato memorial to tho Emperor, sotting out tho great deeds that public bene factor ^ lmd performed, and praying that suitable honours ho bestowed upon bis [ memory. Tho raemornlista said that it was | bo who put down tho groat Mohammedan j rebellion iu Yunnan about ‘20 years ago. **First and last,” tho paper said, “ho was instrumental in killing ovor 10,000 of tho enemy, and iu his own person practically do oidod tho fato of Yuunan.” In reply to this memorial tho Emporor issued a dccreo ordoriug that tho highest honours that could bo paid to ono of tho deceased commander's rnnk bo given to him, including tho erec tion of a templo in tho capital of Yunnan. Tho Imporiul historiau also was ordored to compile a record of his hrilliaut exploits. Afterward another memorial oarao to tho Emperor from Yunnan. Tho prominent men who signod tho document denounced tho General in round term*. They said that in his .youth ho was a loafing, goo’d-for-nothing follow, whom nobody could abido. When tho rebellion oomrrod ho sold himself to tho robols^ In their scrvicobo proved himself a mon ster of cruelty, and one© caused tho massacre of 40,000 porsons in a captured city. Finally tho hard •prnsacd viceroy bribed him to desert thorobols nud enter tho Imperial scrvico ns a Gonoral. “ Ho rodo in a yellow chair, and in all things did as bo ploasod.” Even aftor that ho was treacherous to tho Emporor, and ho exposed tho o&pltnl; to a rebel attack in rovougo for boltig compelled to rldo in a groon chair. Ho was always roady to run over to tho winning sido, and his later ser vices did not in tho least atone for his atrocious crimes. Tho signers of tho document aaid that thoso who had rocommonded him for posthu mous honours wore nothiug but a lot of small traders, and that if tbo honours wero not withdrawn they foarod that tho tens of thousands of innocent souls whom ho had sant to 1-Iadoa would bo unublo to oloso thoir eyes for indignation. They, theroforo, askod for a revocation of the doorco giving honour to tho spirit of the deceased Ala. Hero was a dilemma for tho Emporor. The honours which ho had ordored. wero alroady in process of bestowal. "At last ho issued another dccreo extricating himsolf from his difficulty. Ho said that tho bestowal of such a high distinc tion as tho ercotion of a memorial templo Bhould only bo granted where tho popular feeling was unanimous in its favour; ana, as praiso and blamo scoraod to be equally apportioned in tho present iustanoo, ho ordored that the previous decree, as far ns it rclatod to tho templo, should be cancelled. Ma’s doings in tho flush aro rcoordod by the historian, but his ghost will lmvo to do without votive offerings, which, it is to bo presumed, would bo particularly agrooable The phonograph of Edison hao boon triod by Superintendent Johnson, of the Deaf- anil Dumb Institute, at Indianapolis, U.S. Ho finds that the instrument concentrates the sound on the drum of the ear in such a way that many of the, pupils, otherwise deaf, can hear. Of 56 boys and girls, 26 could distinguish words, 40 oould bear musio, and ouiy three of the number heard nothing. 