; AGRICULTURAL MOON IS TIPPED with gold, and one amateur sewage man, who barely knows turnips from clover, draws a vivid woid picture of the sewage farm three months after initiation, being covered with flowering crops, over which the little busy bee was humming a tune all it the other day, people like these should try to teach their grandmothers to suck eggs, and if eyer they do manage to acquire an estate, if it is only a sewage farm, they should trim- their shepherds with golden lace, gild the horns of their cattle, wrap their lambs in swaddling clothes, and stare a donkey farm in a carrot paddock on co operative principles. The Inebriate Hospital Bill has passed through both Houses, and the next ques tion to be solved is where are those who commit a breach of its sections to be incar cerated. The Chief Secretary says the cells of the Hobart General Hospital. This determination has fallen on the honorary medical officers of the board LIKE A BOLT PROM THE BLUE, and they have denounced Mr Douglas in pretty fetrong terms for his presuming to select the inside of their institution for the reception of those unfortunate beings who at intervals lose control of themselves. Of course there are cells of a kind for the treatment of inebriates in the General Hospital, but the same treatment that could be obtained in a properly equipped inebriates' home cannot be administered in the small poky places in the General Hospital yard. Something more will be heard of the matter, and pending this I will defer any further lucubrations on the subject until my next letter. By the way, talking of the General Hospital, quite a discovery was made in the cellars the other day. There was a general turning out of odds and ends, in fact what a draper or grocer would call stocktaking. Amongst other things a large -number of packages of drugs that had been accumu lating for ever so many years was brought to light. A chemist was sent for to appraise the find, and he totted the figures up at a decently large sum, provided the drugs were what one oE the hospital officials desig nated them. ' UP TO NIOK.' None of the medical members of the board were so incautious as to say they were ' up to nick,' and expressed surprise ab their being allowed to accumulate. An inquisitive member of the board asked if Lilt) BHiuumnu store 11 a. u ubuu iuuuu iu accumulate, and received Euch a brusque reply in the negative from the chairman that he did not follow up his question. What the board will do wish their find has not yefc transpired, This is not the only '?' find ' that has taken place lately, for has it not been teported throughout the press of the colony that away down, hidden in the inmost recesses of that prison-looking house — the Office of Stores — have been dissovered some bales of real Imperial ' cut awpys ' of the canary colour and broad-arrow brand. The clothing has been . unearthed and under gone ? A DYEING PREPARATION, in order, it is said, to meet the financial exigencies of the state. Surely the Treasury coffers must be hard squeezed when a vote for prisoners' clothing cannot pass the auditor, and when Government officials are instructed to look well under ground for any spare remnants that might aid us out of our difficulties. In this year of Tas manian- wonders Evandale's chosen should be engaged by the leader of the Opposition to dig deep amongst the Government build ings and see if he could discover the whereabouts of his (Mr Bird's) policy, which, like Nancy, according to Evandale, has gone. A capital tale is now going the 'rounds, which should be read and cherished up by those who are inclined to play the ghost, and are sufficiently well educated to be able to read. A ghost it is reported was seen in the neighbourhood of Trinity burial ground, the sudden appearance of which caused FRIGHT AND ANNOYANCE £0 lonely pedestrians. His ghostship was warned that if he persisted in his wicked tomfoolery extreme measures would be taken against him, but nothing daunted, he made his appearance in a neighbouring garden,' and was shot at by a resident. Nothing- further is known, as the ghost has not been seen since, but iif any family this week received home one of its members suffering from the effects of a full charge of dust shot, they will know how to account for the fact, and will oblige by leaving information at the police station . ? There was a remarkable change in the manner of .conducting the business of the Council during the session just closf^j The present Chief Secretary .is thex^y anti-type of his predecessor. If he can possibly convey his meaning adequately in two words he will not use three. More over, he CALLS A SPADE A SPADE, ? and speaks in prose. Members in the Council were not asked io listen to the im passioned oratory of Mr Fysbi which in ' bygone days rolled over their heads like the thunder,of Demosthene3, and they did not appear to hanker after it. In fact, the the blandishments of the late chief are not forgotten. His histrionic powers- and the half -poetic structure of hi3 language are as firmly impressed upon the memory of each member as the tragic story of the restless shade of the King of Denmark upon that of Hamlet. Mr Fysh revelled in verbosity ; he did not Btoop to a fragmentary illustration of facts, and ' his soaring imagination produced astonishing effects. If he described a building, his hearers in fancy stood beneath the SHADOW. OB1 THE PARTHENON, and gazed at the figures which Phideaa taught to look so beautiful ; if he wanted , a railway, and spoke of the route, they heard rythmic music as the hon. gentle man gracefully waved his hand and des canted upon glorioas scenery, wonderful groves, fairy bowers, plantations, and milk and honey. Bub all that has been changed, and the change has had some effect upon tho hon. member himself. When Mr Douglas informed the House, as he did in effect, that their own sense ought to tell them all about the Treasury bills, and it was there fore not necessary for him to say anything about them in moving the second reading of thb bill, Mr Fysh was starbled. 'What, no more ?' he asked. Surely you will ex plain.1' But the veteran looked at his political opponent for a few seconds, as only he can look, and sat down, saying, as he did so, ' I move the second reading of this bill.' Everybody else laughed at this cavalier, treatment of Mr Fysh, who thereupon rose and HAD HIS GROWL. He wanted the items explained in chrono logical sequence — the references of the Chief Secretary were too light and furtive — a mere superficial outline was not enough ; it was unreasonable to suppose that a dim, shadowy indication of facts would satisfy Mm. 'But there's no afcory to tell, 'remarked the irrepressible Eooke. ' No storv +0 fall ' retaliated the aggrieved orie; and then followed a criticism of the bill — wordy and solemn — not a word of which was meant, and which did not make the slightest im pression on Mr Douglas, who simply stared, smiled, and passed his fingers through his curls. This is only a single instance. But these is a quaint humorousness in the old war rior which ' goes down ' well. ' The Chief Secretary will, I know, do so-and- so,' says Mr Fysh. But the Chief Secretary is not in the least degree plastic, and he simply replies, ' Will he ?' or ' I won't,' and the odds during tho session were BOUR TO ONE ON DOUGLAS. In nine cases out of ten he ha3 gained hig point, and if not he chuckled and invari ably refused to ask for a division, as much as to say, .' Ily troubles.' This has been the state of things throughout, and one effect has been to shorten business, which perhaps would not have been ended so soon under the old regime, Dec. 15. ? ? 