TOWN TALK. Tlie following news matter appears ou tlie. fourth page :-Commercial, Christ Church Union, An Extensive Insolvency, "Wurrnauibool, Special Cablegrams, Con cert at Little River, Citizen Carnegie and liis Fortified Steel "Works, The Last Male Descendant of Kobert Burns, The Prospect of a Home Rule Bill, Corre spondence (Saturday Night Closiujr, The Gordon Technical College). Our Melbourne correspondent, writing last night, says: A deputation intro duced by Mr Connor, M.L.C., and accompanied by Messrs Levien, Sterry, Burrows, D. "Wallace, Morey, and D. Ham, and representatives of the Geelong Agricultural Society, waited to day on the Minister of Agriculture and urged that the next Grand National Show should be held at Geelong. Mr Graliam, in reply, said it was rather early yet to decide that question, but if the show were held Geelong would un doubtedly have first claim. He, how ever, Wiis now considering whether there should not be a change with regard to this subject, being under the impression that the shows did not fulfil their main purpose, but were praeticallv mere dis trict and not national shows. To-day the annual elections under the Local Government Act take place throughout the colony, where more candidates for municipal honors have been nominated, than there are vacancies to fill. In cities, tonus, and boroughs the polling commences at eight a.m. and closes at five o'clock in the evening, but in shires the hour of closing the pollis. four e'elccli:--There sreiive" candidates for three vacancies in the Borough of Geelong "West, viz. :-Messrs Fdk. Hodges. Jno. F. Moore, II. Conway, Jno. Baglin and Edward Brownbill. The contests iu the shires adjoiniug Geelong, are as follows:-Bellarine shire, Moolap riding, Messrs E. Trebileock and D. Rhiud. Corio shire: Moorpanyal riding, Messrs Hy- Fraser and Jno. M'Curdy ; Peak riding, Messrs Wm. M'Clelland and H. Richmond. South Barwon Shire: Couuewarre riding, Messrs Jas. Mat thews, jnr., and Win. Scott; Barwon riding, Messrs Fdk. Baenseh and Ptk. Sceney. Leigh shire: West riding, Messrs Wm. Carr, jnr. and Jas. Leemon. Wyndliam shire : South riding, Messrs A. M'Naugliton and Chiruside. Colac shire: Corangamite riding, Messrs E. Forbes, Chas. Buchanan and Thos. B. Hundley ; Weering riding, Messrs Jno. Smith and M. DaiFv. A contest will take place in the Borough of Queensclift'. the candidates for the three vacancies are: Messrs T. Arldns, W. G Priddle, ;E. Cuzens and G. H. Priddle. The last but one of the Rev- ID. H. Sugden's University Extension Lectures on Ideal States will be delivered at Gor don Technical College this evening, and should prove exceptionally interesting. The books to be discussed are Bellamy's " Looking Backward," George's " Pro gress and Poverty," and Morris's "News from Nowhere." Those of the public who are not ticket holders are admitted on payment of [a small fee. The final lecture of the course cannot be delivered until Thursday, 8th September, owing to the hall being otherwise engaged ou the 1st prox. The following is the syllabus for this evening's lecture :-The French Revolution, the Old Socialism, Lassalle, Marx, Marlo, Anarchism and Nihilism, George's Progress and Poverty. Look ing Backwards.—The State Socialist Ideal, the State to be the sole owner of instruments of production and sole em ployer of labor, the Industrial Army,Credit Cards. Women, Law, Freedom of the Press, Religion. News from Nowhere.— The Anarchists Ideal, how the change was made, Abolition of Private Property, and of Politics, Machinery of Govern ment and Cessation of Crime, Work for the Love of it, Commerce Manufactures, Woman, Æsthetics, An Epoch of Rest A special meeting of the Geelong AYcst Fire Brigade took place on Tuesday evening to decide as to what steps should be taken in reference to the proposed fire brigades' demonstration. There WJIS a large attendance, and Captaiu E. Asli more presided. It was unanimously agreed to co-operate with the Geelong Brigade in carrying out the demonstra tion, and CaptainE. Ashmore,Lieutenant E. Payne, Secretary H. Stoueuian, Fore man G. Smith, and Firemen J. Smith and L. Schweitzer were appointed to act in conjunction witli a similar number already elected by the Geelong Brigade. The first meeting was fixed for Monday, 29th inst.-, at the Geelong Fire Brigade Station. The steamer Excelsior was 30 minutes late in arriving'at Geelong yesterday on lier trip from Melbourne to this jjort. The Jelay was occasioned by the vessel hav ing to depend upon one boiler for the steam required for pro] lelling her through the water. The vessel has just under gone an inspection by tho Government ufiicers and some repairs were required, which have to be effected whilst the vessel is working,as she cannot at present be laid up. 2 ; Arrangements have been completed for t'ae return, for one evening only, of the selebrated Musin Concert Company of irtistes, who will give a concert iu the Mechanics' Hall on Thursday. September lst. A compliment lias becu paid to the musical tastes of our townspeople by the [irognimme being arranged l>y plebiscite. I'lie mode of voting is that every pur chaser of circle and stall tickets will re vive a ballot paper with the names of all :lie principal numbers in these artistes' .epertoire, which must be returned on or icfore the 30th inst. We trust that the liusic-loving portion of our eouiniuuitv aud they are many) will not fail to avail ;heuiselves of this opportunity of hearing :hese artistes in a popular programme. Che box plan is open, and sale of tickets vill commence 011 Friday morning at ?ranks. Additional appliances for dragging the . iver Barwon for the body of Mrs Car icuter, who has been missing from her iorne since the 18th inst., and who is ' >elieved to ha>>e' been drownt.il in that tream, have been sent to the police at iVincbelsea. Constable White, of Gcie oug, has gone to the assistance of 2onett}bIe Putullfy wd tig search party at the* towuship named, but up to last evening the body of the missing woman bad not been found. Shopkeepers who retail tobacco and cigars without a license may not be aware that iu doing: so they run tlie risk of incurring a penalty of A'100. If they are the knowledge does not inspire thorn with much dread for Excise-Inspector Andrews, as the result of a recent excursion through the suburbs, found that quite a number of local tradespeople disposed of "the "fragrant weed," although they were unable to produce the required license. Every " mickle" helps to make the desired " muckle," and the inspector has dccided that as far as he is concerned the Treasury shall not be done put of any fees to which it is entitled.' Yesterday morning he j>ro eeeded against several offenders, the majority of Whom were mulcted iu the small' fine of os each, and ordered to pay 2s Gd cost. In one case a defendant satisfied the Bench that he had not wil fully offcmded, and he was let off with a fine of Is. Iu another case it was shown that the defeudant wsis undecided as to the premises for which the license should be taken out, and he also escaped with a shilling penalty. The Bench at the Police Court yester day was entertained by an account of the exploits of young Bernard Boyle, a promising disciple of Baron Munchausen, who was arrested at Mt. Moriac ou Tues day evening on a charge of attempting to burglariously enter the premises of Mrl\I. Doherty, as the outcome of a series of artfully planned hoaxes he had played off on his friends. Supt. Toohey gave a graphic account of the manner in which the lad had imparted a touch of realism to his fabrication regarding the pursuit and scalping of a burglar by smeariug a piece of quartering .vitli bul lock's blood and horse hair. On the application of Supt. Toohey, the ac cused wsis remanded foi a week iu order that the authorities may be communicated with regarding his return to the Industrial Schools, as the charge against him will not be pressed. An unusually ionglist of debt cases, the majority being claims for money due on promissory notes, was dealt with at the Police Court yesterday morning. "With one exception, verdicts for the amount claimed, with costs added, were allowed in each ease. A week or two since the Bench adopted a new scale of costs by which the allowances to the legal pro fession are calculated according to the amounts involved in the claims for debt. The fee in esiscs iu which the amount claimed is less than £1 has been reduced to 10s. The reduction is not approved of by the gentlemen concerned-it would be contrary to professional tradi tion if it were-and Mr Wliytc ventured into a discussion with the P.M. on the point. Mr Patterson said that the scale had been Hx?d ou the same basis as that adopted in Melbourne, whieli l>ad been found to work very satisfactorily. Mr "Whyte held that the rule could not be enforced as a hard and fast one, for there were cases iu wliicli the court fees ;doue might amount to more than the costs which would be al lowed to a solicitor under the scale. He held that the scale was quite illesal, and said tlnit lie would like to liuve a test case. j\Ir Patterson expressed perfect readiness to meet Mr AVhyte ill liis wish, and the matter then dropped. \- At tlie usual fortnightly meeting of the Corio Bvanchbt tliG 'A.-N'.-v.Tieiu -.1^ evening last there was a large attendance of members. The president (Mr ft. C. AVilson) occupied the chair. Messrs G- H. Brins nie:ul. J. Loightou, Frank Seymour, and J. F. Kyan were elected as benefit members, and Messrs Alex. Lowe and Thomas Ghost were nominated as candidates for member ship. Mr G. II. Murphy reported the steps taken by the committee to form an Australian Productions League in Geelong, and the success attending the same. Mr J. Blakiston reported that another branch of the association had been formed at Morwell. Messrs Becher vaise and T. O'Callaghau were introduced as visitors. The treasurer's report showed the receipts to be £4 17s Sd, after whicli the meeting terminated.' The annual horse parade wider the management of Messrs Itobiuson, Burns and Sparrow will take place in their sale yards in Ryrie-street On Saturday, 3rd September. Efforts have been made by'the firm named to make the display of horseflesh more than usually attractive, and owners should make early entry of their stock tor the parade and annual sale, so that the catalogue may be issued at once. There has just been issued from the print ing press of Mr AV. B. MacDouald, of Bal larat, a well written little volume of 71 pages giving an epitome of the writings" of the most celebrated liistorious, on the Antiquity of Masonry. The literary work is by Mr W. H. Kingsbury, formerly of Geelong. who is an inspector under the Factories Act, and stationed in Ballarat. The little work is not intended for public circulation, but as a handy refcreuce for members of the Masonic fraternity, Bro. lungsbury being a Comp. R. A.Tarrowee Chapter, No. 10, and member of the Ballarat Lodge No. Il l V.C. The epitome is one of a very complete description, the literary facts collated by the author, having been written with great care and terseness. To members of the craft the information contained in the volume will be found as useful as it is interesting and instructive whiist by the uninitiated, the valuable epitome will, no doubt, be read witli pleasure and profit. Although not designed to induce an accession to the niuks of the Freemasons, the book tends to removo any prejudices which might be eutertaiucd regarding tlie secrets of masonic fraternity. It is probable that in the autumn the betrothal of Pnucess Victoria Milita of Edinburgh and the Duke of Augusteuburg will be officially amiouueed. The Princess will not to sixteen until nest November. The Duke, who was born in 1SG3, is the nephew of Prince Christian (who is his heir) and the brother of the German Empress and of Princess Frederick Leopold of Prussia. He is also connected with the Royal Familv through his mother, the Duchess of Augus tenberg (Princess Adelaide Holieulohe,whom the Emperor Xnpoleon wanted to marry iu 1S52), who is a granddaughter of theDuchess of Kent, through her first marriage with the Prince of Leiaingen. The Duke owns a large estate in Silesia,and he lias an allow ance of about A'lG,000 a year from the {Prus sian Government. The liquidators of the English and Austra lian Mortgage Bank Limited, recently invited tenders for the property known as Massing hara's Comer," situate at the corner of Moora bool and Byrie-strects, Geelong. As the ten dering did not come up to their idea of the value of the property they have decided to submit it to public competition and have in structed their local agents, Messrs Heudy. Lcary and Co, to sell by auction in conjunc tion ivith Messrs H. Blomfield Brown and Co., on Thursday, Sth September. An advertise ment relating to the sale, appears in another column. .Entries close to-duv for the first annual show or tlie Western District Dog and X'oultry Society to be held in the Orderly Room at Warruambool on the 1st and 2nd September. Attention is directed to sale of crockeiv aud glassware at the Geelong Auetioii Mart this day, at 12 o'clock, by Mr Henry Bannister, auctioneer. i Notice is given that the sal-- of Sir J. Yates' furniture, Saffron- street,Chilwcll, is withdrawn until further notice. Messrs Gurr aud Co. draw special attention to their advertisement ill the auction columns of a large sale tin's day, at half-past 2 o'clock, at their looms. An ordination scrvice is to be held this even ing at half-past 7 in tlie Free Presbyterian Schoolroom, Latrobe-terraee. . A notice of interest to Geelong "West bur- j gesses is published in our advertising columns j by Mr F. Hodges, tlie tried member of the council, who seeks re-election for tlie fourth time. Voters are reminded of the wisdom of attending the poll early iu the day. The referees appointed to consi-.'er the protest against tlie judge's decision in awarding the recent i»ve-«mle skating championship to IX. .1 j' Helm have decided that tlie nice shall be rim over again at the Columbia Elite Skating Rink on Thursday eveiiiug, the 1st September. The- foul claimed by Mr Killick was that liis being pulled off the floor after liis having oidy gone "2i miles was not in accordance with the*rules of" the race, which state that " no man can be interfered with during the con test."- ; " . Save money by sending to LINCOLN STUART aud Co., Ltd.,' 23i>, flinders-street, Melbourne, the largest Tailoring Establishment in tlie city. They will post to you, free' "oil application, samples of tweeds and instructions for self measurement! A1 really good serviceable all wool suit to measure for 42s. Try them. (Advt). : ' 