HOME RULE AND SECULAR CHAOS. BY " ASKEWN." 'TWAS a sensible remark that of the writer whosaid—" Andi alteram partem." Asa rule, it is an advice we are far too much in the hftbit of neglecting. The result, of course, is that very often onr opinions are one-sided, . onr ideas narrow, and our judgments prejudiced. One of Addison's characters once remarked, in reference to a certain subject, that "much might be said on both aides." And in regard to most questions, even at the present day, the Same holds true. It is true, e.g., in regard of such matters as the Freetrade theory, the disintegration of the empire, and the influenza bacillus. And likewise true, it appears, in reference to the question of Home Bule for Ireland. And, confining ourselves a moment to this one question, I may remark that for very many years, and decades of years, I had heard and read a great deal in favour of Irish home government, so much so that I came at length to hold certain "ideas" on the Bubjeot. The other day I happened to read part of a momentous manifesto on the other side, and behold ! all those " ideas " have by this time vanished into the thinnest of thin air. In a word, the illustrious Lord Salisbury lias made a convert of me right away, and all by the force of one solitary glaring speech. That speech embraced, in the main, two great arguments alike marvellous and unanswerable. Two arguments also, be it known, absolutely new—issued, in fact, for the first time I Of these the first was to the effect that the granting of Home Eule would lead to the domination and wicked persecution of the loyal minority by the disloyal majority of the people of Ireland. Nov?, I am aware that certain—perhaps most—of your readers would scout the bare idea of any such thing as this being 'ikely to occur. Yet, I think that if we study impartially the character of those two sections of the Irish population, we shall find that, on the whole, Lord Salisbury is right, and your readers—mistaken t In the first place, we know beyond all questioning that the Orange people of Ireland, i.e., the minority, are loyal to the English Crown, while the remainder of the population are disloyal. History teaches us that there exists not so much as a sointilla of loyalty or love of England's interests in tbe breasts of non- Orangemen in Ireland. And it has been so always I We are aware, for instance, that all the best and bravest Irish soldiers who ever fought on the side of England on the great battle-fields of Europe were, to a man, Orangemen. Tbey were, with scarcely an exception, alt Ulstermen by birth, non-Catholic by profession, and "loyal" by natural disposition. And to such an extent is this true that it is my settled belief that, were it not for the aid, and counsel, and fighting prowess of those same Orangemen, the British Empire would have been disintegrated long ere now. In the next place, the noble Marquis informs us that, if granted home government, the majority would prove themselves not only disloyal, but, what is still worse, intolerant; and would riot and revel in the ruin of Orangeism. This, likewise, I take to be strictly true "in the letter and spirit thereof." Religious intolerance and bigotry—shameful things in themselves—are, to my thinking, the main ; characteristics ; of Irish Catholics. They never, if possible, give their non- Catholio fellow-men a,"ghost of a show." In the East; South, and' West of Ireland a non-Catholic is never oleCted to any office of honour, trust, or responsibility. They are perpetually mal-treated and outraged in the streets fend in their 6wn houses. They have to carry their lives, so : to speak, in their hands. And my own impression is—that the Catholics would simply devour them if they only:g6t the chance; for being, as Lord Salisbury Bays, Hottentot by nature, they must be more or less cannibalistic in disposition. On the other hand, we know that nothing seems so utterly vile and loathsome to the soul of a true Orangeman than this same bigoted intolerance. They bate.it, as they say in the Greek conamore. They love their Catholic fellow-men with a warm gushing love, bordering almost on the sentimental. In thfe strictly Orange cities and boroughs th% Catholics, though few, are invited to fill alloffiofes of trust and emolument. In those ptofces the fact of a man's beinga Catholic iB a stepping-stone to his promotion. The typical Orangeman may have other failings if. you will, but intolerance he has not, and cannbt have. His heart refuses jto harbour a thing BO vile. Anyone who has lived much in - thB "Northern Province" can certify to the justice of these statements. Frpm all Which I conclude, as doth Lord Salisbury similarly, that to grant Home Rule' in the lace of such a condition of things Would, he not only "disintegrating," -but 1 Mso. disgraceful. It would mean thpt, Within amonth or two, the Emerald of the *B.eati y/ould become transformed into a ruby dyed in the rich gore pt Ireland's best and noblest sons. The'next point, in the intelligent Earl's deliverance'was to the effect, that the granting of Irish self-government would lead to the 'J disintegration of the empire." "There are, I am sure, persons who profess to see 110 force or meaning Whatever in this objection. If so, the fa'alt is their own, for tnerobjeetion is based on a reality, inspired \- with amomentum of meaning quite terrific. It'may be, useful to obierve, in this con-' nectipn, that the concession of Home Bule to the^Auatralian or Amerioan colonies, for instable, ^mjldby no means tend to the dis- ; *tferolItqperialaisintegration. These may rule themselves as-they please, weH or bftSIy —it matters nothing; the empire still rolls on " integr&te;" as ever. But in.the case of Ireland thiDgs wbnld be altogether different. In the first place, we know, as a fact of history, that prior to the year 1801 the British Empire was filled, so to speak, with disintegration. While Ireland enjoyed Home Rule England neVer gained or retained a single foreign possession 1 She had no peace, or honour, or greatness, or power all. that time. But the moment Home Bule was suppressed then disintegrated ceased, and has continued to do so ever'since 1 From which it is fair to infer that, were Home Bule granted again, the empire would stent disintegrating once more ; in other words, all England's oolonial possessions would immediately snap their silken bonds, and .fly off at a tangent into space. Which, of course, they would! And that is what is meant by the "disintegration of the empire." And what is strangest of all, is that none of all these horrors will ever, ever ocour while England retains in her own hands the government of the Sister Islet Although this latter is not a historical fact, it is, nevertheless, equally true as being, at least, a historical inference. Then, again, we have to take into acoount the awful possibilities of that hatefullest of all hateful things—clerical domination. To what lengths might this wickedness not proceed under protection and favour of selfgovernment ? The mere imagining of where it might end makes us shudder I The everdisloyal Irish, at the instigation of Buch clerics as Archbishops Walsh and Croke, would rush straightway into rebellion against the sovereignty and might of Britain 1 The weapons would (probably) fall from the hands of England's soldiers; the pancontinental, pan-ooeanio empire would get smashed into " smithereens," to be followed by a bouleversement of society in all places, the complete cataclysm of creation, and the annihilation of the human race. And remember all along, dear reader, that I do not put forth these wondrouB statements merely on my own authority. They aTe the expressions of the belief of one who in his own astonishing personality represents the views of tbe most intellectual, the most tolerant, the most generous, and the most virtuously noble section of the English people. For although the Liberals of England, headed by the perennial Gladstone, run counter to all this dogmatism of ours, and profess a desire to grant Home Bule to Ireland, let us not forget that they are, at best, a lot of dullards, without . talent or integrity, or capacity, or worth of "* any '--•-->- kind; men whose wisdom iand prudence never enable them to see a yard ahead; men who have no regard for logic, or logical consequences, and no oonoera whatever about the disintegration of the empire. . Wherefore, I fancy that all 'sensible readers having carefully taken in and healthily digested these things Will agree with my contention that Home Bule iB one of those questions on which it is best and wisest to " hear tbe other side." They will perceive that the " most level-headed of English politicians ".is at the same time the most enlightened; also, that his sombre somnolent expression, is only a mask to conceal tbe unbearable effulgence of his genius; that beneath his assumed severity there surges a full-tide sea of; tenderest human sympathy for hie wronged and outraged .brothers; that in falling those brothers " Hottentots " he does so not in a spirit of derision, but rather, far rather, in the spirit of endearment; and that in withholding from them their juat rights he is actuated solely by motives of noblest philanthropy, superfine humanity, and transcendent love. This, and much more, is what I have of late perceived, and my einoereBt wish at this moment 'is, that you, my dear reader, should > r goi and do likewise.". ..-. . . 