Four months ago at Cnsterton, when fore casting the effect of a strenuous policy of Retrenchment, Mr.Shiels ventured the pre diction that it meant a period of unpopu larity for his Government. In giving utterance to that view the Premier was thought by his more superficial critics to ho merely forestalling criticism. What ho really did was to accu rately estimate the inevitable effect which the Government policy, if honestly persevered in, was certain to produce. Tho tax gatherer never was a popular character and never will he, and human nature will have to change radically before the mnn who sots himself systematically to retrench all our incomes, and diminish our aggregate means of pleasure, will ever he anything but a persona ingrulu. Tho Democracy may nebulously recognise tho necessity for a time of pinch, but it will never love the man who pinches it. It is <jnito true, of course, thnt tho country heard the declaration of tho Government policy last March, and went to the poll in April and voted an overwhelming endorse ment of that policy. Bnt there is all tho difference in lifo between tho subscription to a general principle and the application of its details. Every man of average understanding has long ago admitted that a Government which id a million and a half short of tho means of paying its debts must, in order to get square, draw moro money out of tlio pockets of .the peoplo and return less back to them again. Rut every man lias had a sort of hazy idea that in accomplishing this feat his owu special interests might in some way manage to evade the new imposts. For example, one speaker, not comprehending the full extent to which the colony had financially drifted to the leeward, mado it a part of iiis criticism of the Premier's policy thnt it was too comprehensive. The light shed by recent events lias shown us that comprehensiveness is the virtue most required 111 a Government policy which is to grapple successfully with the situation now to he faced. Bub while this is so, it would be folly if we were to blind our eyes to the fact that comprehensiveness in a policy of taxation and retrenchment is of ail things that which requires in a democracy the most Spartan courage, and the most unflinching resolution in tlio pursuit of duty. Intorests rise up in all directions, like Banquo's ghost, and threaten tho audacious Govern ment that dares to lay the finger of oppression on their several sacrednesses. For example, the brewing interest, in the person of Mr. Fitzgerald, likens tlio now tax on beer to a policy of throat cutting, and will, of course, feel hound to defeat such nn iniquity if possiblo. The wine and spirit merchants declare thnt an unholy blow has been struck at the common nobbier, nnd that impending ruin to great interests is involved. The butchering into rests have denounced the stock tax ; and the silk merchants are showing, as thoy host can, that tlio new tariff cannot help strangling their trade. Added to these, there is a whole army of people who are making tho wryest faces over the new stamp duties, from the young lady who will have to pay twopence in stead of a penny for tlio carriage of hor love lotter, to tho man of business, who is to find all his scrip and legal docnmcnts sub ject to a stamp tax. The name of Sliicis is to como up at every turn of life, and in every case is to he associated with some new burden. This is what a scheme of comprehensive taxation me:s. Bitter, however, ns is the antagonism which is provoked in many quarters by tho incidence of these imposts, it is light as compared to that which springs from the operations of direct retrenchment. Tlio great army of an ovormanned and pam pered Civil Service has boon converted by the Government scheme into a body of irre- concileables. Wo hear in all directions the objection stated in somesucli form as this: — ' No, Sir. I have no objections to urge " against a fair scheme of retrenchment. " In fact, I recogniso its necessity. But it " should fall equally upon all ; nnd this plan " proposed by tho Government is unfair, " unequal and oppressive." Wo saw tho other nightliow the teachers came down in a body and besieged the Minister of Educa tion in the very Parliament House in order to show him what a villanous plan of spoliation ho was giving liis sanc tion to, and how much better things would ho if lie would only put the depart ment under thoir guidance. Men who havo been in unfair enjoyment of " extras " and perquisites, and means of supplement ing thoir legitimate salaries, squeal at tlio very idea of returning to a normal rolation with the State ; and it often requires a Minister with a nerve of iron to teach these servants of tho Stato that thoy are not tho masters of it ; that they exist for tho benefit of tho people, and not tho people for thoir benefit; that whon it conies to ho a question of conflicting rights, tlio rights of tho people aro not to bo forgotten. Then thero aro tlio representatives of tho minors, who have thought it necessary to assume an almost bellicose attitude against tho Government because, under the pressure of imperative necessity, a usolcss and improper prospecting vote has boen cut down by £30,000 a year. ' Thero was spent last year in mining prospecting a sum of £86,000. The best experience is agreed that tho monoy was wasted. It want in small subsidies to private persons and companies, and developed nothing, or next to nothing. It never ought to havo beon given in this way. It was part of a past systom of gigantic demoralisa tion. The vicious course was easy to commence. It is almost impossible to strangle. Every mining represen tative in tho House is oxpocted to fight tho Government against this particu lar act of retrenchment. It is just tho Bame in tho municipal voto. Whon Mr. Gillies raised tho vote from £310,000 a year to £450,000 lie did soinothing that tended to debauch the constituencies. It was an act of administrative corruption really. It was taking tho taxes from the masses of the peopio and spending thein to save the owners of property from their full obliga tions under the Local Government Act. The Shiels Government intends to cut down this voto by £45,000. The sum is not enough to save from that source, hut, small as it is, the municipal instincts are aroused in antagonism. If we turn to tho railways, wo find the same identical state of things. Patriots like the " second class leaguers" are fight- ing against paying an equitable railway fare by every means known to perverted ingenuity ; and they would be glad to turn the Government out of their places to morrow simply to gratify their petty notions about the difference between 2d. and 3d. in a railway ticket, even though they are fully aware that the deficiency of £422,000 in tho results of last year's work ing lias to be made good somehow by the general taxpayers of the colony. Indeed, there are not a few who are compromised by the extravagance of past years in this department who aro laboring oven now, by all the arts of misrepresen tation, to sliow that the presentGovernment is really saving nothing at the Railways. Perhaps it would not ho time lost if wc wore to extract just two linos bearing on this subject from the papers submitted by Sir Graham Berry on Thursday evening. They will tell their own talo as to the extraordinary wastefulness of tho past and the economies now in course of enforce ment. They show the total railway revenue and expenditure for tho past six years : Year. Revenue. foEr'»% ?p mm - 2,741,448 1,587,721 J883-89 3,104,907 1,815,052 Joon'S? " 3,134,065 2,514,873 J890-91 3,306,580 2,479,782 1891-92 3,101,491 2,152,700 Estimated. Estimated. 1892-9.3 3.300,000 2,023,878 Those figures show two things. Thero is an enormous jump of- expenditure from 1888 to 1889, whilo tlio revenue remained almost stationary, and then a- gradual decline of expenditure over since 1890. Mr. Munro last year insisted on the expenditure being cut down by more than £300,000 for the single' year, and in the current year it is to be diminished by £137,000 more, notwithstanding the fact that 140 miles of new linos were opened last year. These figures leave no room for doubt ns to tho substantial reductions which' liava beon made in tho working charges of tlio department, and that in the face of a continued extension of tlio rail way mileage of the colony. Everyone will applaud the resolution of the Govornmont in pursuing this policy of determined railway retrenchment, hut it has to be remem bered that that policy involves continued pressure upon individual servants, nnd the aggregate results cannot he achieved except by supporting the Government in its administrative action. In other words, when we have in power a Government willing to incur the obloquy necessarily involved in the unthankful task of honest retrenchment, the Parliament and tlio country should seize the opportunity of strengthening by all fair means tiio hands of its Executive. A Ministry cannot remain strong if its Parliament is weak and venal. The work to he done is onerous and urgent. If the Government is to do it, there must be nn ungrudging confidence and support afforded to it, and for that support it lias every right to look to Par liament. In tho present condition of tho law of libel the path of a nowspaper is strewn with snares and pitfalls. Tho records of tho courts both in England and the colonies contain unmistakable evidence that the utmost caution possible to exercise will not prevent the unpleasant liability exemplified by the issue of a writ. There are, of course, libels and libels. Whero a journal, in. tlio discharge of its legitimate functions as guardian of tho common weal, seoks to expose a public wrong, it must be prepared boldly to accept the responsibility and to ask for no further protection than can be found in the justice and equity of a jury. Neither will there be any desire to shield the exponents of the" new journalism"from the risks which they run in purveying tho tittle tattle and slanderous gossip of the servants' hall. But thero is a large class of cases which do not como within either category. It is the " unintentional " libel which occasions tho most serious worry, and which affords to enterprising solicitors of the Quirk, Oily Gam mon, and Snap order their most favor able opportunity. Newspapers are liable to be mulcted in pecuniary damages for trifling errors or mistakes unavoidably and innocently committed. Indeed, as recent experience will tend to show, the attempt may be made to make n paper responsible for something which has not appeared within its columns, hut which is merely tho inference of foolish or interested persons. A legal axiom which is commonly insisted on in all cases whero newspapors are concerned is that public journals havo no greater right or freedom of comment than any private individual. Tliis may be so from astrietly technical rendering of the law, but it does not represent tho truth in all its bearings. As a matter of fact, we know that public journals do assume, nnd are expected to assume, a very much wider range of responsibility than any private person would care to undertake. In the beginning this may havo been a self imposed task on which tho law was entitled to look with a considerable degree of dubiety, but the progress of events has proved that the power is one which may be exercised to the public advantage. By gradual degrees this change of position has received the grudging recog nition of legal authority. First came an acknowledgment of the right to publish tho proccodings of courts of justice, a privilege at tho outset conferred by judicial decision, but which in England has since been affirmed by statute law. Tho next stop was won when the veil of secrecy in whicli Parliamont vainly sought to enwrap its actions was torn aside, and tho Court of Quoen'B Bench, in ' tho colehratod caso of Wason v. Walter, ondorsad tho contention of tho Press, that it was for tho public advantage that tlio proceedings of Parliamont should bo re ported. So far those privilogos nro main tained under the common law, which holds good throughout tlio length and breadth of tlio Empire, hut in England a still furthor advance lias boon mado in according to tho Press a reasonable assurance of protection in tho discharge of its legitimate functions. No other roports excopt thoso of judicial proceedings and of Parliamont are privileged according to the common law, hut by recent legislation tho bounds of freedom liavo been widened by the oporntion of ex press statutes. Undor tho Newspapers Lihol Act 1881, the scope of which lins since beon enlarged by amendment in 1888, reports of othor public bodies and of public meotings are also privileged. Tho duty is cast upon the Press of furnishing fair and accurate reports, and of avoiding wilful and malicious injury, hut a groat gain has been obtained in securing this wider acceptance of tho principle that tho Press is entitled to protection in the publi cation of any mattor of public concern whicli is for the public benefit. Australian newspapers do not occupy a similarly favorable position. Tho colonial Acts wore passed prior to recent alterations, and do not embody any extension of privi lege beyond that contained under tlio common law. Any reports othor than those of judicial proceedings, or of affairs in Parliamont, . are published at tho risk of the paper, whicli in the fulfilment of a public duty may lay itself open to serious pecuniary liability. The docision of tlio Full Court in Gannon v. Wliito expressed this difference in the strongest possiblo terms. Mr. Justico Williams declared that in tlio absence of any special onactmont the reports of the proceedings of a public meeting, howovor bond fule lawfully con vened for a lawful purpose and for tho pub lic benefit, are notprivilbgcd. The retention of this anomaly is utterly indefensible. Seven years ago Mr. Kerford, then Attornov-General, admitted that no reason existed why colonial newspapors should not be treated as liberally as the English ones. Tho principle which is admitted in England is of equal force in Australia. In 1886 Dr. Quick made an intelligent and spirited attempt to remove this reproach by his Libel and Slander Law Amendment Bill, which practically included the developments of English legislation up to date. Wiiy this measure was not accepted by the House whicli had endorsed the second rending by unanimous approval is only to ho explained by the half hearted support given by tlio Attorney-General (Mr. Wrixon), who with characteristic incapacity for making up his mind definitely on a point seemed unable either to ban or bless the Bill. The revival of the matter at the presont tinio by tho Instituto of Journalists will ho opportune. The objections formerly raised have been answered by the logic of timo. English experience has shown, notonly,tbat the experiment has not been dangerous, but thnt the results have been so beneficial as to induce an extension of the scope of tlio original enactment. Even Sir Henry Wrixon will he willing to admit that there is no reason to fear following the English precedent, after ton years of working havo shown that the dangers conjured up were illusory. Notwithstanding the pressure of financial matters, thoro is no reason why a Bill, framed in accordance with the latest development of English legislation, should not he adopted during the current session. There is no further occasion for controversy. The most rabid hater of free institutions will hardly venture to assert that Victorian newspapers may not be entrusted with tlio same measure of liberty accorded to Eng lish journals, and with an equally confident hope that the privilege will he used for tlio public advantage. 