The Christmas and. New Year number of 1 Queensland Punch was issued yesterday. The I prinoipal features are an old- fashioned ghost story, and " Leichhardt's Last Camp," hythe I well-known writer Dramingo; and Punch's .' Christmas Chronicle," consisting of a series of short stories principally dealing with colonial life. The humorous scraps aro bright, and will no doubt be fully appreciated In the coming holiday time. The heroio aotion of a boy has just come to light (says the Melbourne correspondent of the | 5\. M. Herald). He was one of fifteen passen- gers in a train from Bendigo to Melbourne re- cently. At a siding the train broke away from the engine and ran some ton miles before its speed was Blackened by a rising gradient, It then began to increase down the deolinc. The boy climbed out of a window, and went along the footboard to the guard's van, and applied the. brake. He did the same to the truoks, bringing the train to a standstill. The depart- ment had kept the occurrence as secret as possible. The feeling in the 'city (says the Melbourne Argus of Saturday) with regard to the proposed prosecution m the matter of the failure of the Mercantile Bank of Australia is that it is better to end the suspense and uneasiness which has existed by a step which will definitely settlo the questions raised. There is not the slightest desire to prejudge the ease, and overybody regrets that any ground for proceedings should exist. But the allegations which have been made with regard to the conduct of the bank are, it is recog- nised, of suoh a oharacter that the national honour is concerned in their being placed before a jury. As we pointed out months ago, the question of the genuineness of the balance-sheet is the most tangible one in cases like that of the Mercantile Bank and other institutions which havo oonio to grief in Melbourne. To successfully question the propriety of advances is almost impossible, for directors are generally able to show that, whether they acted wisely or foolishly, they acted to the best of their judgment, and if there is any doubt upon the point they are unques- tionably entitled to the benefit of it. But the substantial accuracy of a balance-sheet is a matter of hard fact, and not of opinion. In continuation of the shipment of frozen meat from Melbourne on an extensive seale (says the Melbourne Argus), the managing directors of the Newport Freezing Company, Messrs. Hotson and Turnbull, are about to despatch the ship Timaru to London. Thoir first important shipment of 21,000 carcasses went forward last week by the steamship Elderslie, a noted frozen meat carrier. The Elderslie is to be followed next week by the Timaru, which is now loading for London at tile railway pier, Williamstown. Tho hold space, apart from the insulated portion, where the meat is to be stored, will be filled with wool. The Timaru will take 17,000 carcasses. Mr. J. B. Kidston, solicitor, and his managing clerk, Mr. Heathfield, have (says the Melbourne Argus of Friday) figured in rather unpleasant court proceedings once or twice lately, and yesterday the latter passed a very bad quarter of an hour in tho Banco Court under oauBtia censure from Mr. Justice Holroyd. There were motions before the court to make Mr. Kidston pay the costs incurred by the Mel- bourne Tramway Company in tho actions lately brought against the company by two private detectives named Conway and Reilly. Dr. Madden, who was to h ave appeared for Kidston, had apparently received no notice to attend, and Mr. Heathfield "protested" against tho motions being gone on with in his absence. His Honour, with some warmth, told Mr. Heathfield that he was an "inso- lent person," and ordered him to sit down and be silent. On Dr. Madden, who had been sought for in the meantime, appearing, his Honour said, " Tho whole reason of this difficulty oppears to me, Dr. Madden, to lio on that impudent person sitting in front of you (referring to Mr. Heathfield). Your explana- tion is porfeetly satisfaotory, and I think you are very much to be sympathised with. I cannot but think that that person in front of you withheld the information that this case' was to come on to-day for the purpose of further delaying these motions, and it seems to me that it is merely another attempt to post- pone the case with a view to extending it over the vacation. I feel disposed to extend every consideration to you, Dr. Madden, but none at all to that man there. He has been most in- solent, and had the impudence to protost against my proceeding with the motions. He is contradicted by both counsel and the solicitor on the other side, and 1 have little doubt that he has been telling falsehoods." The caso was I then gone on with. I With regard to the letter of Dr. Booth in yesterday's issue, Mr. James M'Lean, who is advertised to recite the poem, " A Voice from tV* Bush," at the Breakast Creek concert this e>wting. expresses his thanks for the informa- tion conveyed. He says,-I have recited the poem many times, but always, labouring under the popular error, have ascribed it to Gordon. In fact, it was from an old edition of that author's poems that I first committed the lines to memory. The subjeot chosen is certainly in keeping with what I have heard of Gordon, hence the controversy, which I have learnt since is not altogether now. The weekly committee meeting of the Lady Musgrave Lodge was held yesterday. Mrs. J. H. Smith presided, and Mesdames Saltón, Reading, Keith, Boyd, Jones, Poole, and H. Smith, and Miss Griffith, were present. The matron reported that forty members and boarders had been in the lodge during the week. Twolvo had entored and twelve had left, leaving twenty-eight in the home. It was reported that the Rev. W. W. Watt, of Milton, conducted the Bible-rending last Thursday evening, and that the Rev. Mr. Bradley, of Brighton-road Congregational Church, would conduct tho reading to-morrow. It was ro tolved that on account of the holidays no meet- ing of committee be held next week. In addition to. the ordinary trains on the 24th and 31st December, a number of special trains will be run, of which full particulars are given in our advertising columns. Some alarm is' felt (writes the Dunedin cor- respondent of the Melbourne Argus in his letter of 9th December) at the large influx to New Zealand of population from the Austra- lian colonies. This week the usual steamer from Melbourno, and two steamers from Sydney, brought fully 500 persons, of whom about 300 ore men seeking work. As every town in the colony has its unemployed, it is certain that a very large proportion of the now arrivals will be disappointed and will find themselves no better off in New Zealand than in Australia. A mistaken idea has got abroad that the Govern- ment will provide work, but on this point Mr. Seddon, Minister of Works, is emphatic. He distinctly told the unemployed at Christchurch that "the Government would only employ men on reproductive works, and these are very limited. The Government did not consider it their duty to find work for men who are un- employed." A note of alarm comes from the Downs concern- ing the reported retasal of millers to purchase the ballatourka wheat, which on account of its rust- resisting quality has proved such aboon to the farmers. It has been heartily commended to wheat-growers on this account not only by the Department of Agriculture of this colony bnt by the authorities of all the Southern colonies. It is undoubtedly a hard or rather a horny wheat, and on this account most likely should be milled with 'some one of the softer sorts. When the department first brought out this variety it was submitted to a miller of very great experience, who reported that it was a very fine sample of wheat. Ho was of opinion that it would turn out a really choice first-class white flour with a large pcrcentago of gluten, and said he would like to get a few thousand bags of it on this account. He further said that the sample was superior to any that he had had from the Downs and that a better class of wheat could not be grown. Professor Shelton is of opinión that when our millers learn to use this variety in n combination as above indicated the objections ] to it will vanish. According to the Age, one of the " trioles of trade" reoeived a slight check the other day at the hands of the Customs officials, who have detained a shipment of tea from going into the market, because of its very inferior character. The arrióle is as little like tea as it could well be. It consists of a dirty, black, coarse powder, in which there is a strong sprinkling of dust, sand, and other substances that look like wood ohips and rcfuso of tobáceo. Nothing like a tea leaf can bo seen, and the sample has more of the nature of mixed sweepings from a grocer's shop and a carpenter's workroom than the pure article. Thera is not oven the smell of tea. Ii could scarcely' be imagined that anyono would buy this mysterious powder as " tea," and it is assumed that it would be worked off into good lines atprofitable prices as a " choice fragrant blend." The secretary of the Customs Depart- ment indicates that there will probably bo a prosecution. The Oriental Tea Company, Limited, Eagle street, Brisbane, proprietors of The Universal Mixture and other woll-known brands of packet teas, have much pleasure in informing the public that their teas can now be obtained from storekeepers at the old prices. Should you bo unable to purchase these teas in your district, please write to the company. [Advt.] Tho Brisbane "Y" Union held thoir last meeting on Monday afternoon before going into recess till February. Miss Amy Grimes pre- sided. A Christmas letter was read from Mrs. Brentnall (Colonial Superintendent), wishing happiness in the festive season and added blessings on their New Year's work. Mrs. Carvosso said that ono of the lion, members had opened a subscription list in his office for the poor children's treat up the river on Thursday, which amounted to £3. The same sum had heen collected by two of the " Y's," and friends had beeu most kind in giving donations. It was decided to return to town by 6 o'clock to enable the girls who wished to to attond the Musical Union concert. Miss Grimes read a paragraph from the " Oak and Ivy Leaf," showing how "Y's" could during recess keep up their work in little ways. Miss Brentnall proposed that as one of their vice preGidonts was leaving them for her new home in Tasmania, wishes for her future happiness ( should be sent, which was carried by acclama- tion. A Fortune for 5s.-Mooney's ("Yahba's") Consultation on Q.T.C. Midsummer Handicap, 5000 subscribers at 5s., is now open and filling rapidly. Tickets, 5s. each, at W. Mooneys, 82 Queen-street.—[ADVT.] Mr. R. H. Sheaffe, of Sandgate, writes:—In your issue of the 15th instant is a statement giving the extreme shade temperature of fourteen places around Brisbane, in which Sandgate heads the list. This has taken all the residents of the place by surprise, myself included; but on calling at the Post Office I found ample explanation. The thermometer is encased in a box perforated with holes, which is fastened to a white brick wall, where the sun after 3 p.m. shines with unprotected force, where it is entirely sheltered from every cooling breeze, and where the heat- loving ant would be scorched to death. Under these circumstances no wonder the thermometer registers 94deg.; in fact I wonder at its moderation. Change the position of the thermometer, and you will change the " reputed" climate of the place. Messrs. Alfred Shaw and Oo. are issuing a neat diary and blotting pad as a reminder to their customers that their building, lately de- stroyed by fire, has now been re-erected. The following is a report of the state of the Goodna Hospital for tho week ending 17th instant:-In tho house at last report, 581 males, 305 fomales; since admitted, 4 males, 1 female ; discharged, 2 males ; died, 2 males ; remaining, 581 males, 306 fomales ; total, 887. The state of the Ipswich institution is un- changed. Died, on tho 15th instant, 1 malo of general paralysis of the insane ; and on the 17th, 1 malo of inflammation of the bowels. The medical superintendent acknowledges with thanks the roceipt of a parcel of papors from the proprietors N. A. Zeitung, Brisbane, for the patients at Goodna; and five casos of fruit from Mr. Meade (Ipswich) and a parcel of papors from Miss M'Fettridge for the pationts at Sandy Gallop. Great Bargains aro to bo had at Finney, Isles, and Co. in Ladies' Underclothing and Baby Linen, purchased from the Estate of H. Frey and Co.- [Advt.] 