GRAFTON. i The Rev. W. H. Williams presided. All the members were present except Bro. Laverty, who was granted a dispensation by the President on account of the illness of his wife, and an expression of sympathy was forwarded by the secretary to Bro. Laverty and his wife in their great trouble. The following were appointed: Secretary, W. H. Wall ; assist.-secretary, A. 0 . Harding ; property secretary, B. Lane: Sunday-school, Jas. Scott. Press reporters : Local press, R. B. Bowes ; Methodist , C. E. Williams. The Revs: W. H. Williams, W. Wall, J. Scott, and R. M. Laverty, were found to have completed their three years' terms in their respective districts. It was resolved that although Ballioa was. made a Home Mission station by the last Conference, yet, as the Presi dent of the Conference, by the appoint ment of the Rev. G. Williams to that place during the year, has re-constituted it a circuit, this District Committee urgently recommends that a young minister be appointed to that circuit by the ensuing Conference. It was also resolved — That, as in some of the country districts some of the brethren have to travel long distances to their district meetings, it is essential that the conference should fix the meet ing at a time when there is moonlight. ? It was resolved that the next district meeting be held at Grafton. The Rev. C. G. Walkom was recommended as having travelled one year. FINANCIAL DISTRICT MEETING., At this juncture Messrs. C. Page, R. Lunney, D. Doust, J. G. Yager, and A. A. Nelson, took their seats. The Rev. W. Wall brought up a recommendation from the Macleay River Circuit that the circuit be divided, snaking Kempsey the head of the upper Macleay, and Gladstone head of the lower river, was unanimously passed. , ' . STATISTICS. . Statistics for the district as follows : — Churches, 41 ; sittings, 4810; other preaching places, 57 ; accomodation, 2980 ; parsonages, 6 ; ministers, 9 ; local preachers, 51 ; class leaders, 27 ; church members, 669 ; on trial, 29 ; attendants and adherents, 5520. GRANTS RECOMMENDED. Circuit deficiencies : Brushgrove, £40 ; Macleay River, £240 ; Port Macquarie, £120; Maclean Circuit, £111; Rich mond River, £82 ; Casino, £;30. Par sonage grants : Lismore, £100. Church grants: Casino, £50. The secretary's report of Sunday schools was. as follows: Number of teachers, 213 ; scholars, 1716; library volumes, 1544; 10 Bands of Hope, 586 members. PROPERTY.. Church property report. Macleay circuit : Dondingalong, new. churchf cost £90, debt' nil ; Lismore parsonage, about £1000: (in course of erection), land £600, total £1600. £460 pro mised. Sales of property, for which ( Ccntinued no Page S.J permission is asked : old parsonage site, Lismore. Sites legally secured during the year : Ohilcott's grass, church site, lease for 99 years, from Mr. Slade, Ray mond Terrace, Hunter River. A vote of thanks was unanimously passed to Mr. Slade for his very generous dona tion of , this' site. Macleay Circuit: Church site, Hickey's Creek. What is the state of the church pro perty in the district 1 Number of churches, 39 ; sittings, 51 40 ; present value, £16,175 0s. 6d.; present debts, £2056 17s. 4d. Parsonages, 6 ; debt last year, £780; original cost, £3515 ; total loans on property, £221. Arrears : £10 on Wyrallah Church, I Lismore Circuit, through anniversary lapsing on account of the Richmond flood. MISSIONS. The sum of £45 8s. 2d, was raised in the district for the Church Sustentation and Extension Society. The sum of £38 Is. 2d. raised for Foreign Missions. The Rev. W. Wall was elected to act for the district on the stationary com mittee. Rev. B. Lane on the distribu tion committee, in conjunction with Messrs. C. Page, of Grafton, and B. Bennetts, of Kempsey. The report of the Home Mission stations for the past year was read, and this meeting desires to express its ap proval of the course outlined by the sub committee, that the Home Mission (stations should be an integral part of the Sustentation Society, and that the appointments of the agents be made by the Conference. THE CONNEXION AL PAPER. In dealing with the Methodist news paper business, it was recommended ' That this committee expresses the opinion that it would be for the best interests of our church if all the un official Methodist papers published in this colony were united with our con nexional organ, and the several depart ments of social and religious work were represented in one enlarged paper, com mensurate with the needs of our church in this land. THE ITINERANCY. The reports of the voting in the (Quarterly and Trustee Meetings re the extension of the triennial term of the Wesleyan ministry having been read, it was resolved ' That in the opinion of this meeting, the time is not yet ripe for any change to be made in the term of the itinerancy.' This was carried by j 6 votes to 2. TEMPERANCE. It was resolved to recommend the appointment of a small committee in every church throughout the conference, to be affiliated with the central com mittee, and to co-operate with it in temperance and social work ; also, that there be a circuit temperance roll book, and, that annually the names of those be enrolled who accept the temperance pledge, and who are willing to further the interest of temperance with us as a church ; and that a return of such adult members be made annually to the district meeting: This district meeting recommends that in order to secure a more accurate enrolment of members, all our Bands ot Hope shall issue quarterly tickets of membership, and J that such tickets shall be given, not only to the -ordinary members of the Band of Hope, but also to our scholars in our Sunday-schools who are willing to enrol themselves in the Sunday school Teachers' Pledge Book ; and that such persons shall be reckoned as mem bers of our Band of Hope, whether they are able to attend the the Band of Hope meeting or not. MEMBERSHIP. It was resolved that this meeting regrets that in. . consequence of the severe commercial depression through out the district the frequent removal of members, and the unfortunate position in which one of our circuits has been placed in not having any ministerial supervision for several months in the year, there is a slight decrease of membership in the district for the past year. It rejoices, however, that there is a small increase of members on trial, and of communicants, and pledges itself to renewed earnestness and con secration to the work of God during the ensuing year, and expresses the hope that the new year will be one of great and abiding prosperity, and that a glori ous baptism of the Holy Ghost will descend upon all our people. This meeting earnestly recommends to the Conference the urgent need of setting apart a young man to supply for the chairman of the various dis tricts, so that they may be able to visit the circuits of their districts during the year. 