LIMITED FEDERATION OF THE COLONIES. To-day we arc able to put our readers in possession of an authoritative state ment of the precise objects which Messrs. Fysh and Clark have had in view in visiting South Australia in common with other colonies. They are not actuated by any sordid motives, by any desire to secure bene fits for Tasmania at the expense of the sister States of Australia. Perish the thought. They are influenced by a genuine spirit of Australian brother hood, and scorn to have their pro posals for promoting the fraternal relationship weighed in financial scales or valued according to a commercial standard. This is very lofty and very admirable ground to take up, but unfortunately they have already found that the public men of the mainland have not yet attained to tho ideal heights ?which the statesmen of the tight little island have reached. In pro vinces which are vexed by such prosaic realities as trade depressions and labour difficulties it is felt to be impossible to ignore considerations of mutual advantage and the antiquated but eminently practical principles of quid pro quo. The issue was recently put befora New South Wales in a peculiarly frank and ingenuous way. ' We cannot,' the Tasmanian Premier and Attorney General in effect said, 'offer you a complete equivalent for the duties which we wish you to give up— in truth, we must ask you to sacrifice revenue to the extent of £23,000 in return for the £8,000 worth ?which we are prepared to surrender, but this difference we regard as a comparatively immaterial matter. The great thing is to enter upon a course of reciprocity, to show to the world that Australians generally are not governed by petty details of pounds, shillings, and pence, but are swayed by the impulses of a common nationality. The establishment of an artificial balance of pecuniary benefits may safely be left to the future.' The reply of Mr. See and his colleagues to all this was— 'It may bo unbrotherly, but we do not quite see it in that light. Our financial responsibili ties press heavily upon us, and we must meet them, and as for the future the chances are that the balance will become more and more unequal.' In short, New South Wales Ministers, with, as we have before said perfect courtesy, evidently dealt with their visitors as they might with innocents abroad, or rather with wandering minstrels, and refused to dance to their piping. As it was in New South Wales so it was in tho next two colonies visited. The stem pressure of State affairs of immediate concern im pelled Sir Samuel Griffith and Mr. Shiels to put oft' the discussion of tins fraternal programme to a more convenient season. They were not even greatly allured by the suggestion that the Federal Council should be reconstructed on a broader basis and made the harbinger of that larger federation which so far it has been powerless to promote. To be a really affective organization the Council must be recreated on the foundation of popular representation, and be entrusted with executive as well as with legislative powers ; and thus organized wherein ivould it materially differ from the federal mthority which the Commonwealth Bill sought to establish 1 The reception they have thus far met [vith must have been disappointing :o tho gentlemen who sanguinely hoped that their gospel of unity, jarefully limited in the hope of allaying listrust and conciliating local prejudices, ivould be accepted in the spirit in which t was preached, but after all it can iardlyhave surprised them. They had jxperience at the Sydney Conference of ;he divergent views of politicians and the itrong hold which self-interest still las upon the minds of Ministers. What success they will achieve in South Australia remains to be seen, jut it is to be feared that ;hose at the head of affairs here are not -o unsophisticated, or amiable, or un ?vorldly as to give an ell in exchange for in inch. Should it be the other way ibout— should tho advantage bo dis' tinctly on their side — they may prove to be more complaisant, but is it certain that Tasiranians in general will be so liberally disposed as their representa tives profess to be ? We are afraid that in [he end everything will on both sides be measured by the practical gauge, ' What ivill it profit us ?' There are, however, ?ome points included in the programme -f Messrs. Fysh and Clark upon which it s eminently desirable that a common mderstanding should bo arrived at. Chere should be no difficulty in deciding ipon ihe best way of utilizing the Imperial [nstitute for the general advantage of tho Australian Colonies which have com nitted themselves to help in the main enancc of that institution. Even at this ate hour something should be done owards an efficient representation of Australia as a whole at the Chicago Exhibition — an advertising medium irganized on a larger scale than iiiy previous international Show that he world has hitherto seen. On the ubject, too, of silver mintage and the eprcsontation of Australia at the con erence which is shortly to meet on he silver currency question, there is an ?pportunity for joint action which should in no account be lost. If on these three )oints the Tasmanian delegates succeed n bringing about active co-operation imong the colonies their mission will bo )roductive of great and lasting benefit to Australia. Me. Playfokd's Report.— Mr. Play 'ord has not lost much time in placing jefore his colleagues and the public an iccount of his travels in India and tho Northern Territory, and the general con ilusions he has framed as to the course to )e adopted. The purely descriptive jortion of his report contains little that ms not been anticipated by the larratives of other travellers or by ho outline of his own peregrinations, vhich has already found its way into )riut. There is of course a special value ittaching to the observations of a man laving had so much practical experience is Mr. Playford in matters relating to tho ?ultivation of the soil. This especially iffects hisremarks respecting theNbrthern territory. Some of the experiments that lave been tried there havo, as everybody snows, proved disastrous, but this is to bo ittributed to want of knowledge and want )f judgment in the selection of sites, or :o a deficiency in the supply of capital ?equired to carry tho undertakings to a successful issue. In other instances ?esulia have been achieved which justify the most sanguine expectations is to the outcome of systematic md well - directed efforts in the way )f promoting the growth of tropical jroducts. It is obviously useless to jxpect any country, no matter how rich t may be, to develop itself. Skill, :apital, perseverance, and a plentiful supply of suitable labour are all essential ;o the process of profitably cultivating tho 'ertile tracts which abound in the territory, and it cannot be said that iny of these havo been adequately brought ;o bear in turning to account the resources -f our great Northern dependency. Of :ourso the feature of the Premier's report vhich will attract themost attention is that lealing with the question of what labour should be obtained and what is the best orm in which to utilize it. On the brmer point his conclusions are definite jnough. ' It is generally admitted that Europeans cannot stand field work in topical countries : therefore first on lie ground that European labour is iot cheap, and secondly on the ground that the labourers cannot stand the 3limate, it is not possible to employ Europeans at tropical agriculture.' This point established to his satisfaction Mr. Playford goes on to consider the pro position assented to by the House of Assembly at the instance of Mr. Horn, Mid upon this subject he is equally explicit, although not particularly con clusive. ' Mr. Horn, I take it, does not want the land of the Territory to be given to the Indians, but only a small number to be located thereon to prove to European planters what can be grown in the Territory at a profit with cheap labour. In my opinion the proposed colony will not accomplish this.' As an alternative he suggests either that tho Government should assist a pioneer Company by giving them land and labour, or that the Government themselves should establish an experi* mental plantation, engaging coolies to do th: work and sending tnem back to theiu native land at the end of a term of years We say he (suggests theso alternatives, bus does not specifically recommend either, and thenceforward he launches out into a discussion of the evils of in troducing Asiatics unless under stringent regulations to guard against their being permanent residents. This is the bug bear which has checked in the past all efforts to introduce cheap labour. We are not oblivious to tho evils which would result from an unrestricted im migration of Asiatics, but we believe there has been much exaggeration on the point. Even allowing it, however, all tho weight that lias been attached to it in certain quarters it is clear that arrange ments can bo made for averting tho danger of having the continent overrun by ,in inferior race, and no apprehensions to the contrary should be suffered to interfere with the introduction of the labour necessary for giving tropical agriculture a thorough trial in accordance with conditions under which alone it can prove successful. Mr. Playford is not quite so enamoured of the prospects of the Territory as some who havo reported upon -t, but ho has great faith in its pastoral capabilities, and has a good word to say of its mining resources. He thinks that South Australia has hit upon the right plan for encouraging these industries — a conclusion which itis to be hoped will provo correct, although there are grave doubts upon the subject. Altogether it is evident that Mr. Playford has mado good use of his opportunities for obtaining information, -although his report does not carry us much further in tho direction of arriving at a solution of the difficulties in the way of Northern Teu'i tory settlement than the point which wo had already reached. The PBEXincn's Report on his Holiday Tour.— On Thursday tho Premier (Hon. T. Playford) presented a report on bis Indian and Northern Territory experiences and impres sions to the Government. Tho re]»rt covers six large pages, and it dntaila what Mr. Playford did in India and tho Territory, anil the conclusions ho came to in regard to tha tropical industries of the Territory. The Tasmanian Ministers.— On Thursday Mr. Fysh, the Premier, and Mr. Clark, tho Attorney-General of Tasmania, had an inter view with members of tho Government on tin subject of an interchange of products between South Australia and Tasmania. The visiting politicians strongly urged Mr. Playford and his colleagues to support the establishment of a reciprocal treaty, and tho result of tho con sul tation was that Mr. Fysh promised to submit his propo*als to tho Government in writing eo that they would have something in black and white to consider. Mr. Playford and his colleagues entertained the Taamanian Mins ters and a fow leading legislators at Parlia ment House at dinner, His Exoellorcy the Governor being amongst those preftnt. Mr. Fysh is much interested in drainage matter?, a scheme for the drainage of Uubart beint*; now under consideration, and this morning ho will be driven to Islington by Sir Edwin Smith in order that he may become thoroughly acquainted with tho Adelaide system of disposing of sewage. Mr. Fysh and Mr. Clark were interviewed by members of ou; staff on Thursday. They will leave f r Mel bourne on Monday. Passfxcers iiv the S.S. ITAnsiiunP.— Tho following is the passenger-list for Adelaide of the German steamer Habiburp, duo at Largs Bay on May 31:— Rev. aad Mr'. P 'Onrk, Messrs. H. E. Stolzenbun**, O. Stiohlow, H. HoRstrom, G. Heidenreich, F. Gross, W. Salmon, F. Salmon, and G. Salmon, and Mr. md Mrs. J. Ajinberg. The Shahe Mabkjct.— The news that rain iad fallen at Broken Hill created a littlo inimation in the market on Thursday morn ing, Hills goiug as high as £5 Ids. 9d., bub when further telegrams announced thai tha clouds had cleared away they wont back con siderably, dropping as low as £5 12a. 3d. Later in the afternoon they advanced to £5 13s. 9d. With the exception of Blosk 10's, which, instead of advancing, receded, tho Hiares of tho other mines also showed a little improvement in price. Block 10's began at EG 4s. Cd., but in the evening wore to boh'.d For £5 15s. SrEciAL Magistrate for Port Adelaide.' —The Government havo under consideration the advisableness of appointing a Sprr-al Magistrate for Porb Adelaide, whoseduty itwitf bo to tako charge of thoso Local Courts that arra ivithin a short distance from Adelaide. If tho lppointmpnt of a Magistrate at Port Adelaida should bo determined upon Mr. A. J. Ed munds, S.M., of Gladstone, will ba -elieved oE tho Local Courts in the southern pirt of hia district, so as to enable him to sit at Port Pirio twice to three times per week, the legal worlc it Port Pirie having ??onsiderably increased. New Justicks. — This week's Government Gazette contains tho names of thirty-five gentl *- men who havo been added to tho Com-nissio-i af tho Peace for tho colony. Snors and Factories Commission.— Thii ? Commission met on Thursday, and took evi dence from Messrs. W. A. Robinson, ?. Forbes, and M. Brandon. The Pout Geumein Railway Commission*. — rhis Commission has finished takinpr evidoiifv, md at tho next meeting tho Ciiairmau wi 1 ??resent his draft report. Customs Returns.— The value of tho im-- 7ortB during tho quarter ended March 31 la-*t, it Port Adelaide and tho Adelaide Branch wa V 21,175,457 us., and ab all other ports and itations, £1,255,154 15a.; total, £2,439,012. OB heso tho value of imports from theXJnitedf. kingdom was £891,852 15s.; from British rassessions, £1,338,365 10s.; and from foreign itates, £200,3«J3 15s. The duties received upon ho exports amounted to £195,080 lGs. 4d.-' )uring tho same quarter tho value of thJ taple exports was £880,090, and nf the rc- xported goods, £1,520,056; total, £2,401,352. Chese included exports to the Un'ted King lorn, £S92,191 ; to British colonies, £1,4C5,C64 ; ,nd to foreign countrSt-a, £43,477. Tho valu- if tho staple exports during last April wai !183,02fi, and the Customs receipts for tho amo month were £47,CG2 Cs. od. The immi gration by sea and overland during the firsb our months of thiB year was 21,357 ; emigra-. ;ration, 20,139; increase of arrivals on do )artures, 1.21S. Death of Sir Charles Butt.— Tho Righb Ion. Sir Charles Parker Butt, whose death ab he age of sixty-two is recorded today, waa ailed to tho Bar in 1854. He travelled tho Northern Circuit, and was created a Q.C n 1SGS. Ho unsuccessfully contested Camworth in 1S74, and sab for South - impton in tho Liberal interest from Vpril, 1SS0, till March, 1883. During thaS aonth he was appointed to tho Judgeship in he Probate, Admiralty, and Divorce Dmsion if the High Court of Juatico, rendered vacant* -y the resignation of Sir Robert l'hillimorc. )n the appointment of tho Hon. Sir James lannen as a Lord of Appeal early last year ho ras made President of the Court. He did nob herefore live eighteen months to enjoy his new lonour. Rain at Brorsk Hill.— Mr. Gavin F. Gardner has received a telegram from cho Barrier which confirms our corres*-ondent'3 itatement as to tho number of points of rain hat have fallen, and to the cloud3 having ?loared away. Mr. G. A. Hawkes, of tho Broken Hill Proprietary Company's office in Adelaide, received the following telegram on Fhursday morning from tho General Manager Df tho Company (Mr. Howell) at Broken Hill : -'Sharp shower rain last night; not enough to put water in dams. Wind north. Looki favourable for more rain.' This tclecram was read out at the morning meeting of the Stosk Exchange of Adelaide. Mr. C. Pmui has received a wire to tho cfecs that there has been a good inflow o!' water into tho dams, but that the fall of rain was insufficient to do any good for mining purpose**. Messrs. Harrold Brothers reoeived a telegram at about 9 o'clock on Thursday morning statimr that half an inoh of rain naa fallen at Brok^. Hill, and that it was still threatening. „ Donation to the Free CncRcn of Scot LAND.-Our cables to-day announce that th*' Free Church of Scotland ha* forwarded to tho Asgembly of South Aust a'ia a legacy of £2,300 left by Mrs. Smith, of Dunesk, to promote tho Gospel in the colony. There is bub ODQ Cjurch pf the denoHiination ia the colonyrW Morphett Vale, of which the Rev. J. Benny u the minister. Ho will claim the money. All the other Presbyterian Churches in the colony belong to the United Presbyterian Church. Rain at Wiloannia. — Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. on Thursday received the fol lowing telegram, which left Wilcannia at 10.35 a.m. :—' Steady rain falling; every appear ance of good downpour.' The Happy Valley WATEnwonKS. — A rumour has been in circulation that some Government officials have bought land at Happy Valley, knowing that it would be required for the waterworks scheme, and hoping to make a profit out of ib. The Engineer-in- Chief Btates that the matter of the purchase of land la in the hands of tho Government Valuator and the Crown Solicitor ; that a very large proportion of the land required has cither been obtained or is in process of being handed over ; and that so far as he knows no person, either directly or indirectly connectod with the Government rervice, either owns or has any interest in any of the land wanted for the scheme. Betting Prosecutions. — Wo understand that at the instance of the Chief Secretary the police are prosecuting the bookmakers who bet at the Birthday Meeting. The occupants of TattersalPs, as well as the outer rings, are to bo proceeded against. The cases come on to day. A South Australian and Lamb's Works. — In a charming accounn of English poetesses by Mr. Eric S. Robertson, M.A., the follow ing anecdote appears in reference to Mary Lamb's works, associated with the name of a well-known South Australian : — ' Tho history of the little volume^ '^called 'Poems for Children,' by Charles and Mary Lamb, has a curious bibliographical interest. William Godwin, fiercely sceptical as he was, was not above making a considerable portion of his living out of faith of others. Under the namo of Thomas Hodgkins— after under tho name of his second wife, Mary Wolstonecroft — he oon ducted a publishing business which dealb chiefly in books for children, many of which were Btrikingly tinged with orthodox religion to suit the public taste. It was through this agency that 'Mrs. Leicester's School' was put before the world. The 'Tales from Shakspeare' likewise passed through his hands; and in 1809 the volume of 'Poems for Children,' already men tioned, was published by him also. An edition of this work was quickly disposed of, but the thing went out of print, and its next appear ance was in America, where it was republished by a Boston firm. When collecting his works i a 1818 Charles Lamb reprinted from the col lection three poems by his own hand— 'Tho Three Eriends,' 'Queen Oriana's Dream,' and 'ToaKiverin which a Child was Drowned.' In 1827 ho wrote to Bernard Barton that a copy of 'Poems for Children' was nob to be lind for love or money. Tho book had indeed totally disappeared. Up to the year 1877 this country had been searched for it in vain. Copies of the Boston t lition were to be had, though even these were scarce. Moreover this Boston edition was not a com plete one, but in this year (1877) the Hon. William Sandover, sent home from Adelaide, n South Australia, tho two slender 18mo. volumes forming the original edition. In July of that year the Gentleman's Magazine con tained a description of these volumes and the whole history of tho work. Thence we learn that Mr. Sandover had purchased hia treasure at a sale of furniture and books held at Plymouth, when he was on a visit to England in 1866. From these precious volumes the poems were reprinted in several editions, the \- best of which is that published by Chatto and Windns in 3S78, under the editorship of Mr. Richard Herne Shepherd.' S.A. Chamber of Manufactures.— A special meeting of the committee was held in the Eastern Annexe, Exhibition Buildings, en Thursday afternoon to consider the ques tion of reciprocity between this colony and Tasmania. There were present — Mr. J. Duncan (President), A. W. Dobbie (Vica President), A. AdamEon, C. Clark, J. J. Green, T. Hardy, and W. Clark (Secretary). The President stated that the meoting had been called because of the interesb this Chamber bad for some years taken in this question, whioh would bo'prominently brought into notice in connection with tho visit to Adelaide of tho Premier and Attorney General of Tasmania. After a lengthy dis cussion it was unanimously resolved — 'That this Chamber views with satisfaction the present visit of the Tasmanian representatives with the view to arranging for a free inter change of the productions of the various colonies, and would urge the Government to take the necessary steps to proride for the interchange of such articles as Tasmanian timber and South Australian wines, whioh we believe would result in mutual advantage.' Excited Curiosity.— Miss K Rounsefell, one of the witnesses in the memorable Windsor tragedy case, passed through Adelaide en route for Broken Hill on Thursday, May 2G. A largo crowd assembled at tho railway station in hopes of obtaining a view of the youn£ lady, but they were disappointed, as she travelled in ' a closed carriage. Criminal Sittings.— The next Criminal Sib tings ab the Supreme Conrb, Adelaide, will be begun on June 7. The order of the businoss will be as follows :— June 7 — Alberb James Barnes, charged with forgery ; James Blood, unlawfully wounding; James Morrison, for gery ; Gerald Fitzgerald, larceny ; Due Jules, stealing in a dwelling-bouse to the value of £5 ; John Mullins, stealing in a dwelling-house to the value of £5 ; Ernost Vantell and William Makins (on bail), larceny; Frederick Lang, larceny. Wednesday, June 8— Ernsb A. Melletta, false pretences; William Honry WiEeman, horsestealing ; John Joyce, larceny; William Martin, larceny ; James Healy, forgery. Thursday, Juno D— Michael Gorry (on bail), sotting fire to a house with intent to defraud. CnoELTt to Animals.— In tho Police Court on Thursday morning an old man namod John Walkley was fined for cruelly ill-treating a horse by working ib with a sore on its flank. Mr. Pater severely reprimanded Walkley, and paid he had been told of^eople having turned cows out into paddocks to feed where thore was no grass. That wma. specic3 of refined cruelty which should not be tolerated. Ho asked tho police to be on the lookout for such persons. University Shakbpeare Society.— At tho fortnightly meeting of tho abovo Society hold last night the Rev. A. T. Boas repeated his lecture on 'Shylock,' previously delivered some five years ago. Mr. J. P. Short presided over a good attendance The lecturer secured the attention of his audience throughout, and was frequently applauded. At the conclusion Mr. Boas was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. A Rifle Trofiiy.— Captain Catt, who re- turned from Melbourne on Thursday morning, brought with him the McGregor trophy which was won by the South Australian Rifle Team in the intercolonial match which took place at the Port Adelaide Ranges last September. The trophy was presented by Messrs. McGregor, of Sydney, to the Council of the National Rifle Association of Australasia. It has been won at different times by teams from New South Wales, Vic- toria, Tasmania, and lastly by South Australia. The trophy is said to bo worth £500. It has twelve escutcheons upon it for the name of each team winning it, so that the contest really covers twelve years, and the permanent holders must show the largest number of wins. March Land Sales.— The following is the return of land sold during tho month of March, 1S92 :— Cash sales— Private contract, 1 acre ; pmount paid ? into Treasury, 15s. Twenty-one years' leases — Purchases com pleted, 1,571 acres ; amount bid, £970 2s. 6d.; amount paid into Treasury, £347 12s. 6d. In addition to tho above the following amounta wero received :— Completion of purchase of 2,810 acres under Act 14 of 1SG8-9, &c;, £1,195 (is.; payment of portion of purchase-money, £6,30/ 11s. 8d.; interesb on extension of purchase-money, &-,., £399 5s. Sd.: grand total payments on account of land during the month, £8,250 10s. lOd. Tho following wero tho eales on lease during March :— Miscel- laneous leases, l,G3l acres ; annual rent, £105 IDs. Leases surrendered for ordinary lands— ripht-ofpurchaso leases £89,G95, annual rent £!)S0 19s. 10d.; do. do., perpetual Ioaso3— ?12,105 acres, annual rent, £370 7s. 2d.; do. do. right-of-purebaso leases— sold 93,040 acres, annual reirt £024 15s. 9d.; do. do. perpetual leases— Eokl 82,315 acres, annual rent £-101 Is. Jd.j gold Iease3, 193 acres; aiiuual rent, £'JG 10s. Mineral leases, 120 acres ; annual rent, £(5. Mineral claims, 1,705 acres; annual rent, £23. Working men's block leases— right- 3f- purchase 843 acres, annual rent £57 19s. 5d.; So. perpetual— 141 acres, annual rent £9 0a. Lid. Total, 309,544 acres; annual rent, 62,735 9s. 5d. Dunne the month £1,195 (is. was paid on completion of credit selections. Alleged Embezzlement.— M.C. Mitchell, if Farina, who is also a Crown Lands Ranger, was on Thursday charged before Mr. Rudall, 3.M., at Farina, with embezzling funds of the Government, and was committed for trial ab the next Port Augusta Circuit Courb. Mr. Gordon Castle, of the Crown Law Depart ment, prosecuted on behalf of tho Crown. Mail Arrangements for the Interior. — In consequence of the recent alteration in the railway arrangements the mails between Oodnadatta and Alice Springs, Horseshoe Eend and Hermannsburg, and Alice Springs and Arltunga will in futuro be mn every five weeks instead of every four weeks, as hereto fore. The next mail for Alice Springs will leave Adelaide on Monday, June 27, and from Alice SpringB for Adelaide on Tuesday, June 7. Remuneration of Crown Witnesses.— The schedule of Crown witnesses' fees has been revised, and the payments in future, as announced in this week's Government Gazette, will bo as follow: — 1. To every witness for the Crown for each day's attendance in Court, 7s.; also, in addition, for each day nece33arily absent from his home in travelling to and from the Court, 7s. 2. For every mile that a witness has to travel from his residence to the Courtatwhich heisrequiredtoattend, unless ho travels by railway, ship, or mail-coach, in which casethe suitable fare will be allowed, (id. 3. To every legally qualified medical practitioner, for attendance in Court, and necessary absenco from his home in travelling to and from the Court for each day, £1 Is. 4. For children under sixteen years of age for witness fees only half the above rates will be allowed. 5. For Chinese labourers, Afghan camel - drivers, Cingalese labourers, Indian labourers, and Arabs, half the above rates allowed^ for ordi nary witnesses. 6. Only the amount actually expended in bringing an aboriginal witness to the Court, maintaining, and returning him to his district will be allowed, provided that the Court may allow full witness fees to any civilized aboriginal witness if the Courb shall think tit so to do. 7. To every interpreter for each day's attendance in Court, and mileage, as allowed to other Crown witnesses, 10s. District Clerks' Association. — The quar terly meeting of the District OlerkB1 Associa tion was held ab Messrs. Sorymgour & Sons' office, Adelaide, on Thursday. The atten dance was large, and five now members were admitted. It was decided to have a special meeting to consider the various forms of .work ing in use, so as if possible to Becure some more uniform style for all District Councils. A great deal of information was given, especially to the new Clerks, and notice was colled to the fact that June 20 (the nomination day for tho annual elections) is generally a public holiday. A deputation asked the Attorney-General if the day is to bo proclaimed it may be done at once, otherwise ib would Eeriously interfere with the elections. The Attorney-General promised that it should receive his prompt attention. Military Forces.— Drills for Juno — 1th j.nd 11th, brigade drill ; lino to be formed by 4 p.m.; six rounds of blank cartridge per man. On the 4th Permanent and Garrison Militia Artillery parade at MonteQore ; on the 11th, at Largs Bay Station ; 18th, club firing ; 25th, sentry, outpost, and advanced guard work ; garrison Militia Artillery and A Battery drill on 25th as usual. Tho review in honour of Her Majesty's birthday will be held at 11 a.m. on June 20. Artillery orders— Officer for duty for the week ending June 1 — A Battery, Lieutenant Crompton. Militia Infantry— Orderly officers for week beginning June 2 — Major Blair, Captain Cloudsdale, Lieutenant Lawrance. District Councils.— The Chairman of the District Clerks' Association, which held a meeting in Adelaide on Thursday, has re quested us to dirccb the attention of the rate payers in District Councils to the provisions of tho District Councils Act, 1887, section 00, which provides that nominations for Councillors are to bo lodged on the third Monday in Juno. Tho third Monday, however, being a public holiday, section 90 of tho same Acb requires that if tho day for any business to be done shall fall on a holiday such business shall be done on tho third business day thereafter, eo that all nominations should be lodged on Thursday, Juno 23, instead of Monday, the 20th. Bhitjok at the Punt.— Tho Bonier Watch states that arrangements are completed for making a start at building the bridge over the Glenclg at Nelson (The Punt). The contrac tors passed through Mount Gambier with a lob of their plant last week. Tho first pile is to be driven in about three weeks, when there, will be some little demonstration over tho affair. Mr. W. T. Stead on the Windsor Tragedy. — In the Bcvicxo of Reviews for April Mr. Stead comments as follows on the Windsor case:— ''Deeming, it is true, did not by any formal declaration levy war on society. Ho simply cut tho throats of his wives and his children, and then buried them out of sight beneath the concroto with which he cemented his kitchen. Tho precise number cf his victims has not been ascertained. He appears to be a more deliberate and domesticated specimen of tho homicidal genus which has Jack tho Ripper svi its leading representative. For such men society can only prescribe in two ways. There is either the swift and summary gallows, or there is the coll in an asylum for criminal lunatics. At tho same time it is well to remember that if we gauge human turpitude by the degree of human anguish and moral torture which is inflicted by a crime, the man who sacrifices woman after woman to his lawless passion and flings them to a living death on the street is a wretch compared with whom Deeming and Jack the Ripper are philanthropists. Who is there who would not rather have his daughter under the cement of Rainhill than on the pavements of London? But while Deeming is hurried to the gallows the seducer and the adulterer are by many acclaimed as fit and prrper candidates for Parliament.' The Late Mr. John Crossman. — The Southern Argus, in chronicling the death of Mr. John Crossman, sheepfarmer, aged sixty six, of Inman Valley, which took place sud denly at Port Victor on Monday last, says :— Tho deceased had only just driven into the township with his daughter, and when in the railway station yard was seen to reel and catch hold of a truck for support. Those who were near immediately went to his assistance, but nothing could be dono, as death took place within ten minutes. M.C. Bluntish, who was away on duty at Port Elliot, being sent for, arrived with all haste, makiug careful enquiry, and wired to Yankalilla for Dr. O'Leary, who upon arrival pronounced it a cose of disease of tho heart, a certificate for burial being given by W. S. Reid, J.P. The remains wero then taken to Mr. H. Davies's house. The funeral, which took place at 3 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, was very largely attended, the deceased being very highly esteemed, and many who have had the pleasure of calling at his station home will long remember the kindly greeting and hospitality always accorded to his visitors. He had been connected with the District Council of Encounter Bay for some years, and only on Saturday last retired by ballot. He leaves a widow, six daughters, and four sons, and a number of grandchildren. The Rev. T. M. Boyer, B.A., of Port Elliot conducted the services at the Church and grave. Sir Charles Lilley.— Tho Brisbane cor respondent of the Melbourne Standard reports that the Labour party have made overtures to Sir Charles Lilley, the Chief Justice, to contest the Bundaberg electorate, but he declined, stating that he had no intention to enter Parliament at the present time. It is probable that Mr. Gilbert Casey, the organizer of tho Australian Labour Federation, will bo nomi nated. Evidence in Japanese Courts.— A Japa nese journal, describing tho way in which wit nesses aro sworn and evidence taken in native Courts of Justico, says that with the Japanese anything to which a man affixes his seal is con sidered more snered than what he may say. Hence each witness's required to make a de claration to tho effect that with a mind free from bins in favour of or against either of the litigating parties and with perfect fairness he will cive evidence, and after thi« h«a i,o--n lead out by tho Recorder of the Court and handed to the witness in the form of a docu ment the latter is expected to affix his seal to it. Mrs. Besant on Ghosts.— Lecturing on April 3 at Milton Hall, Kentish Town, on the subject of apparitions, Mrs. Besant said what science meant in talking of ether was what the thcosophiat meant when he spoke of 'astral' matter, only in one case it had been subjected to experiments and was understood, while in the other case tho experiments were at present of the most ele mentary character; and, although most promising for the future, they were not yet very reliable in the explanation of certain curious and abnormal phenomena. Now they got a number of apparitions which had this common characteristic— they wero unconscious. A person awoke and saw a form which said nothing and did nothing except stand there It generally looked somewhat mournful and dis consolate, andspeedily disappeared. This was a most unsatisfactory kind of thing, afforded no explanation of its presence, and there was nothing to show why it came. The person who saw it was not quite sure whether it wai real or fanciful, was not quite suro whether he himself was awake or asleep. The apparition appeared at night, frightened him for a moment, and the next moment it was gone. This kind of apparition was nothing more than what theosophy described as a picture or revelation in the astral light. The modus opcrandi was thia. There was an intense thought in the mind ^-f some person. That thought was a real energy, a real force, quite as real as electricity. Ib was quite as real as an electric force that could be sent through space, and it was not without significance that whenever they got thought-action, they got electric action. Their medical man would tell them that, when there was thought in connection with the brain, there was electrical action in con nection with the brain. When they thought intensely on the physical plane they sot free electricity, and on the astral plane they set up a current through this astral matter or ether. They thought intensely of a person, and the current set up in astral matter or ether went in the direction of that person as certainly as they could send a current along a wire, when they wished it, to reach a distant town. This Eet of ethereal vibrations, reaching the person who was intensified in their thought, affected the person by the same medium, and in some cases appeared as an objective reality. In very many cases only as a mental impression was the person thought of. What were the conditions under which this unconscious pic ture waB produced? It was constantly pro duced where a person was dying, and where the dying person was exceedingly desirous of seeing some absent friend or relative. It most often happened between those closely united by ties of blood or of affection. Most of these astral pictures were between close relatives or close friends, and the evidence was, to her mind, indubitable that suoh occurrences did take place, for they might find over and over again instances in which the person seeing the rpparition had made a note at the time of the day, the hour, and the place ; and it had been subsequently found that at the precise time a friend had passed through the change men called 'death,' and that the news which was thus carried by these astral vibrations waa news as ttue and as real as though it were flashed along the electrical wire. SnoirniAND in Australia.— The following extract from a private letter from a gentleman now a Magistrate in Fiji, whose knowledge of shorthand has, we are informed (says tho London Times), proved of great advantage to him, may be of interest to shorthand writers : — ' Two months ago there was an examination held in Melbourne for shorthand writers to be licensed to practise in the Courts. Out of thirteen who presented themselves only six passed the test of 120 worda a minute, and fewer still the test of 150. There seems to be a dearth of shorthand writers in Australia. Sir John Thurston tried to get one for corres pondence the other day at £200 per annum and Mb keep. A young fellow waa sent up who turned out quite unable to write with any speed or to read his notes af forwards. He was sent back again, and Sir John commissioned one of tho Fiji officials, who has gone on leave, to select another, but lie could not get one. The fact is that Australians are mostly lazy, and have not sufficient application to master shorthand, and those shorthand writers who come out from England rapidly rise beyond correspondence clerkships. Tho only one I know is now Manager of one of the branches of the Union Bank of Australia.' Tuf, Drink Question in Germany.— An abstract of the Imperial statistics bearing on this subject, for the year 1889-90, haa (says the Times) just been made by Dr. Wilhelm Bode. It is the first study of the kind made in Ger many. It appears that tho production of material manufactured into beer, wine, and spirits in Germany occupied in 18S9-90 just about one-fifteenth of tho cultivated land of the whole country. On this immense field there might be raised in a year 1,037,000,000 of kilo grammes of rye— a quantity sufficient to make 3,272,000,000 Ib. of the bread on which the poorer classes chiefly live. The fifty millions of peoplo of Germany would bo able to have of this bread 054 Ib. apiece, or a family of eight persons 524 Ib. — enough to give them their entire food for six or seven weeks. The loss in money value may be estimated at a total of 458 millions of marks— a loss to each inhabi tant of 9 marks 17pf., or to a family of eight of 73 marks; enough to pay all the expenses of a weaver's family for about eight weeks. In the direct service of the liquor traffic, agriculture), manu facture, and retailing, about 1,500,008 men aro engaged out of the 20,500,000 oecuuied in all the industries of the land. In other words, quite a fourteenth of tho productive energy of the country is devoted to tho business. The onsumption of drink per head of the popula tion in 1889-90 gave the following figures :— Wine, 0*44 litres; distilled, 4'64 litres (pure alcohol) ; beer, 100 '3 litres. The drink ques tion is thus becoming an important factor in tho economic situation of Germany. Professor Schmoller, of Berlin, one of the ablest leaders of the younger political economists of Germany, thus writes : — 'Among our working psople the conditions of domestic life, of edu cation, of prosperity, of progress or degreda tion are all dependent on the proportion of income which flows down the father's throat. The whole condition of our middle and lower classes — one may, even without exaggeration, say the future of our nation— depends on this question. If it is true that half our paupers become so through drink it gives us some esti mate of the costly burden which we tolerate. No other of our vices bears comparison with thi.«.' The North German Lloyd.— Tho Vossiche Zcitvmg (says the Times) publishes an analysis of the North German Lloyd's balance-sheet for 1891. The figures present very unfavour able results, though the total losBof 2,100,000m. is less than last year, when it reached 2,7C2,000m. The prospects, however, are dis heartening. The total loss up to date has been 9,317,435m. Bub for tho Government subsidy matters would be worse. The Com pany has received in the shape of subsidy up to date 24,200,000m., so that in reality the total less amounts to upwards of 33} million marks. An Exemplary Sportsman.— Baron Hirsch has set an excellent example to wealthy sports men of all creeds and nationalities. He has decided to devote the whole of his turf winnings of last season, amounting in all to £7,000, to hospitals and institutions of a kindred nature. The North-West London Hospital, Kentish Town, is to receive £1,000, and University College, the London, and the We3t London Hospitals, and the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormonde-street, will receive £700 each. Other institutions will benefit according to their nee s and claims to support, without regard to religious or other distinctions. Valedictory to Mr. G. V. S. Dunn.— On Wednesday evening last a social meeting of the whole of tho staff of King William-street and Pott Branches of Messrs. Harrold Brothers was held in the town office to bid farewell and present a testimonial of their esteem to Mr. G. V. S. Dunn on the eve of his departure, after having been connected with the firm for upwards of ten years. Mr. E. E. Harrold occupied the chair, and after pro posing the usual loyal toast made the presenta tion, which consisted of a dessert service. He reviewed the time when Mr. Dunn as a com parative junior had entered the firm, and by dint of hard work and application had drawn the notice of the senior, eo that when ib wan decided to add a mineral department to the business Mr. Dunn was deemed the moat uitable person to take the managership. Mr. tlarrold held up as an example the way in which Mr. Dunn bad always worked in the inn's interests, especially applauding the iiligence he must have given to the study of he French language, as although he had never )een outside the colonies he had made himself 3roficient in both speaking and writing it. He rusted that his future career might be as xaiEeworthy and successful as his past had jeen. The toast of Mr. Dunn's health was leartily received. Mr. Dunn, in responding, aid that the whole gathering came as a iurprise to him. He could only thank them nost heartily, and in doing eo he adjured all present to keep loyal to the firm. He was ;oing away from tnecolony, but would in course jf business still be closely connected with Harrold Brothers, and would always cherish a feeling of the warmest friendship towards each ind oil of those now present. Mr. Hoare, the ?ashier, confirmed what had been testified by Messrs. Harrold as to Mr. Dunn's upright and sterling character, *nd also as to the good fellowship in which he had worked with every me with whom he came in contact, and would wish him every success. The toast of ' Har rold Brothers' was then suitably proposed by Mr. Manual, and replied to by Mr. Harrold. ' Branch Offices' and 'Absent Friends' were suitably proposed by Mr. Young and Mr. Nicholson respectively, while songs and recita tions were rendered by Messrs. Orr, Stacey, Nicholson, Purdon, Oxer, and Dunn, Mr. Adams giving an exhibibition of club-Bwinging in a very artistic manner, and a very enjoyable, evening was spent. Entertainment at the Stockade.— By permission of the authorities and under the wspices of the Prisoners' Aid Association, an entertainment was given by the choir of the Industrial School for the Blind, North Ade laide, at the Yatala Stockade on the morning )f the Queen's Birthday. The programme consisted chiefly of musical items. Miss Green sang 'Laddie' and 'Love, I Will Love You Ever,' and with Miss Craske con tributed a duet 'To the Woods.' Miss Draske also santr 'The Bonnie Hills of Scot land. :! Miss Brooks contributed 'Close to the Threshold.' Mr. Stanley Evans, of the North Adelaide Baptist Choir, added very much to the amusement of the listeners by his songs 'Warrior Bold,' 'My Mother-in-law,' 'Railway Guard,' and 'Baby Song.' Mr. D. Sterne gave a recitation. Among the :horuses were 'Three Men in a Boat' and 'The. Clicking of tho Gate.' Mr. A. W. Bendry (Manager of the Industrial School), Mr. G. C. Knight (Treasurer), Mr. G. Crase [Secretary of the Prisoners' Aid Association), rod Mr. McLaren accompanied the vocalists. In addition to the prisoners soino of the guards ind their families attended the entertainment, which was immensely enjoyed. The Deputy - Superintendent of the Stockade (Mr. Edmunds) entertained the visitors with re freshments, and after cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Edmunds had been given the party returned to North Adelaide. Hugh Gilmokk Fund. — A final committee meeting of the Hugh Gilmore Memorial Fund ivas held at Jackman's Rooms on Friday evening, May 20. The amount collected for ;he fund to date was £930 3s. lOd. The ex penses connected with collecting was £37 2a., photos. £9 5s. 0d., and amount to Mrs. Gil uore £35, leaving a balance to the credit of he fund of £848 16s. 4d. The firat edition )f the sermons had yielded an amount over :ost sufficient to clear within £5 the cost of the ?econd edition. The Ladies' Committee re ported that £101 9s. 3d. had been collected for he Furniture Fund, but they had voted £50 if this to the General Fund, leaving £111 9s. id. The furniture had cost in all £132, so hat they would have to ask for a return -f about £20. There will be £500 to invest, lesides the amount that may come from England. The statement of accounts as pre ;ented was passed. The investment of the und under trustees, and the needful conditions ind powers of the Trust were next discussed, md the necessary propositions were passed. I'he following gentlemen were appointed trustees:— Hon. J. Darling, M.L.C.; Rev. J. Goodwin, Messrs. G. H. Cargeeg, W. C. Hooper, and W. R. Birks. Votes of thanks were passed to the Press ; to Mr. Jackman for ;he use of his room; to Messrs. Gordon, STeabit, & Bright for gratuitous legal services, ind to the collectors and others who had lelped the fund. It was stated that the English fund was expected to bo between £200 ind £300, and it was resolved that this when received be invested by the same trustees, and aibject to the sanio trust as tho colonial und. Literary Competition. — A competition letween members of St. Bartholomew's Literary and St. John's Young Men's Societies ,vas held in St. John's Schoolroom on Wednea Jay evening, 25th inst. The chair was occu pied by Mr. R. Pratt. Tho subjects competed n were elocution, singing, and impromptu :peaking. Messrs. H. D. Sutherland and \V. Shakspeare, the Judges, made the following i wards :— Elocution— First, Mr. C. F. Beeton, 3t. John's ; second, Mr. H, T. Prince, St. Bar tholomew's; third, Mr. E. R. Twiss, St. Bartholomew's. Singing— First, Mr. J. G. Nash, St, John's; second, Mr. E. Woller, St. John's. Impromptu Speaking— First, Mr. W. R. liurton, St. Bartholomew's ; second, Mr. J. H. Grundy, St. John's. On tho motion of Mr. C. F. Beeton, seconded by Mr. A. H. Roberts, a. hearty vote of thanks was accorded the Judges. A New Piano. — There is on view at the warehouse of Messrs. P. A. Howells & Co. a piano of an entirely new construction so far as the wrest pins aro concerned. The instrument is a tricord by Haacke, fitted with Thompson's patent pins. Instead of the three pins which aro used by the ordinary makers there aro three pairs. The pin to which the wire is fixed is turned in the usual manner in tuning, but tho additional pin takes the principal strain, and affords a ready means of 'fine tuning.' The appliance appears to be one which will bo highly approved, and is well worthy of the attention of those to whom an instrument in perfect tune is necessary. Presentations.— During the Ervster holi days a Railway Carriage Works cricket team went from Adelaide to Victoria to play matches. Wbilo in the sister colony the team were photographed. Several of the pictures have been handsomely framed in oak with a gold border, and on Thursday at tho Islington Workshops presentations of tho framed photo graphs were made by Mr. J. Thomas, on behalf of the team, to the Acting Locomotive Engineer (Mr. Latimer), and other officers in the department. River Levels.— The following figures show the state of the rivers above summer level at the undermentioned stations at 9 a.m. on Thursday, May 2G : — Louth, 11 ft., falling; Echuca, G ft. 3 in.; Euston, 8 ft. 4 in.; Over land Corner, 2 ft. 3 in.; Morgan, 3 ft. S in.; Renmark, 2 ft. 8 in.; Hay, 1 ft. !) in.; Bal ranald, 2 ft. 4 in.; Tilpa, 12 ft. 10 in.; Wil cannia, 14 ft. 5 in., rising ; Menindie, 12 ft. 9 in.; Pooncarie, 12 ft. 5 in.; Wcntworth, 5 ft. 10 in.; Brewarrina, 5 ft. 9 in.; Bourke, 7 ft. 3i in., falling. Effective Voting.— Miss Spenee lectures this evening— uuder tho auspices of the Unley Literary Association— mSt.Augustine'sSchool- room, Unley, on 'Effective Voting.' The Chief Justice and other prominent citizens are expected to be present, and tho lecture will be illustrated by the voting-papers used at the recent mock election at the Semaphore. Orphanage Art Union. — We publish to day the winning numbers, seventy in all, in connection with the Orphanage Art Union. Tho holders of tickets whose numbers corres pond with the numbers published are advised to forward them to Archpriest Nevin. West terrace, Adelaide, giving their names and addresses. Who is to Blame?— On Thursday morning, shortly after 9 o'clock, as Mr. W. Brindal, sharebroker, of King William-street, was riding up Grenfell-strcet, one of tho employes of Mr. R. Mitchell, carrier, ran into his rover bicycle, and completely shattered his machine. Fortunately Mr. Brindal escaped uninjured. d.A. Fruit and Produce Company.— We ?re asked to state that the paid-up capital of this Company, which is now in liquidation, waa £1,095 instead of £2,000, as stated in our columns. Free Public Lecture.— In connection with the S.A. Chamber of Manufactures Mr. V. L. Solomon, M.P., will deliver a lecture this oven ing at the Exhibition Building entitled ' South Australia's White Elephant.' Chubch oi- England Endowment Society. —The annual meeting of the abovo will be held at the Church Office, Leigh-street, this evening. Bishop Kennion will preside. Canton Insurance Office, Limited.— We learn from Mr. L. A. Jessop, the Adelai e agent, that an interim bonus of 20 per cent, of the net premiums is payable to contributors of business during the year 1891. To Dabi«n Grit Hair.— Lockyer's Sul phur Hair Restorer is the quickest, host, tafest,ao1 cheapest. Large bottles, Is. 6d. Everywhere. 92mwfo St. Bede's, Semaphore.— The annual festi val of this Church will be held in the local Town Hall this evening. Single Tax.— A lecture on the single tax will be given by Mr. W. H. Pope at the Nor wood Institute this evening. Effective Voting.— MissSpencewillleoture on this subject in St. Augustine's School room, Unley, this evening. Spraying Machines.— At the Botanic Gardens this afternoon there will be an exhi bition of spraying machines. 