AU SAINTS CHURCH, EAST ST- KILDA FOUNDATION THIRTY-FOUR TEARS AGO. CONSECRATION TUESDAY LAST PROM 1858 TO 1892. AU Saints' Churcli, East St. Kilda, was eroded 011 Tuesday evenicg for the purpose of witnessing the con secration service. The church was decarated with garlands and crosses of flowers, On hie arrival at the door of tbe church, tbe Bishop of the diocese, the Rev F. F. Goe, was received by the Rev. J. H. Gregory, minister, ana various officers of the church, when a petition was presented to bis lordship, praying that tbe cliuich b-s consecrated. Tbe Bishop having consented to con secrate the church, according to tbe prayer therein contained, he, with the clergy and churchwardens, proceeded up the aisle to the Holy Table, singing tbe 24th Psalm, whit;h was joined in by the congregation. After the choir had rendered the chorus, 'Lift up your Heads,' tbe deeds of the church were handed to Bishop Goe, who laid them, 'together with the petition, upon the altar. Then, all standing up, tin sentence of consecration was read Bloud hy Ihe registrar, and afterwards .signed by the Bishop, and by him ordered, with the petition and other deeds, to be duly recorded and regis tered in the diocesan registry. His Lordship then declared tbe church of All Saints to be consecrated, and set apart to God forever, in tbe. name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Several hymns and psalms were then given, and the Bishop followed by an imnrcssive address, dur ing which he stated that, although they were consecrating the church thai evening, the building had practically heen set apart fpr divine worship for more than thirty years, and concluded by praying that the worship in the church might be of service to God, and a blessing to his people. At the conclusion of the ceremony, which was terminated by the choir singing the ' Hallelujah Chorus,' an adjournment was made to the schoolroom, where supper was given to the Bishop and clergy, old officers and church workers, choirmaster, organist, and choir, among whom were many old choristers of the church, Messrs Rouvrav, Lynch, and others. There were also present, be sides the Bishop, Archdeacon Stretch, Canon Perks, and Hers. Stanley-Low, A. Ross, C. J. Godby, E. S. Hughes, A, Vale, H. Tucker, H. W. H. Adeney, C. P. Bardin, G. A. Priugle, Precentor Sutton, Minor Canon G. Hawke, and Canon Whittington, of Queensland. The chair was taken by the Rev. J. H, Gregory, who prefixed his remarks by stating that visitors, on entering All Saints' Church, would notice facing them at the end of the building two large brass candelabra, which were given by King George II. to St. George's Chapel, Windsor, England, and, coming intj the possession of the speaker by a lucky accident, were erected as a memorial. Their fame hod spread to Prahran, and people flocked to see them. Tbe Prahrai: people thought him a little ioo High church, but land a regard lor him as an old resident. They probably were not very wjl in things ritual, but they were zenlous supporters of things athletic The Prahran visi tor.- to All Saints' Church, gazing u; on the candeiebia with ' footballian' rathei thanecclestiastical id c as had named them 'Gregory's goal posts,' and since then lie had been congratulated on having arrived at tbe ' goal of his hopes,' As to whether such was a fact he could not say, but certain he was that the event of the day, the consecration, was an advance — a van tage ground. He looked back at bis time of life to Him who had given them prosperity. He also remembered the litile baud of donors aud workers Who ciat begun the building of the church. There was r.o need then to issue a command similar to that wbich the story says was given to the 42nd regiment, at Fontenoy. 41 Keep to gether front and rear,' for they were all bound together hy love for tbe church and a desire to serve a- d promote it. Thouphls of sadness, however, mingled with those of joy. He could not but remember the many who had gone to their vest, Irom the good ' Christian lower Parton ' down to ' dear old Horrell,' who died about two months ago. He was glad to see among them tbut evening his old Uiend, Vr. Firebrand, and regretted the absence oi Dr Black and Mr Geo, Robertson. The foundation stone of All Saints' Church hud been laid as on that day, on the 8th November, 1858, by Bishop Terry in a simple, quiet, end unostentatious way, under the shade of the forest primeval, the native gum trees not then having. teen cut down. It was to him a pleasant recollection, and doubtless would also be to bis successor and parishioners, to know that the first stone had been laid by one who might be called the father of the cliuicb in Victoria, and what had been begun by him had now been concluded by Bishop Goe that evening, and he now had much pleasure in proposing the health of His Lord- j ship. j The Bishop of Melbourne, in re- j sponding, said that the parishioners were to be congratulated on having ; had for so many years the services of : their minister, Mr Gregory. Until be read Canon Goodman's recent work on Bishop Perry's Episcopate be was not aware how much had been done by Mr Gregory in tbe bush and on the goldfields in the old day. Mr Godfrey proposed the health of Mr Gregory, who had visited him (the speaker) in 1S51 wnen he was on his station at the Loddon. In reply, Mr Gregory referred to the need of unity in the church. In I8G2 he had been engaged in a dispute, andjat a public meeting in Prahran, the then mayor, Mr J. B. Crews, acted as peacemaker, ivieeting Mr urewa a I yenr or two ago be asked him if he ' remembered the circumstance, but he did not, wbich showed the Christian ize way in which ^fights were speedily forgotten. The health of the choir having been proposed, aud responded to by Mr Truelove the gathering dispersed. 