The Shadows on the Wall. BY DILLON' HUBBARD KE1i HAN. \---:o:- While travelling from- Burgo- to St. Paul recently I became acquainted with a young man who had been farming in Dakota arid was on his way to his old home in New York. " Yes,' he said, as bho lit a cigar and took the seat in front of mine, " I have a ranch out here in Dakota near Park River, but I. have left it for ever." "The climate is unsatisfactory, perhaps ?" I suggested. "Oh, I can stand the climate, bu-- Ile hesitated and looked out of the cat window at the prairie unrolling iteelf baero him as the train sped on. "1 can stand the climate." he rontinuen "but I can't standr-neetres l" . I gave a start. What I This g:-at, stra, pinrg young fellow, seemingly in the ful' rapture and radiance of health, afraid of ghosts l Was he drunk W s h'e de mented? Or was he simply acting a redicu. lous role ? I looked at him a little suspiciously. He saw the look and laughed. " Oh, I'm all right," he remarked; ." but maybe you would like to know why I spoke of spectres just now?" " " Yes."" " Well, then, to begin : I went to Dakota in 1SS88-having been driven to the step by the fact that I had dropped the most of. my. little fortune in a Wall-street speculation. I bought'a farm in the vicinity of Park river; not far from the Manitoba line. It's a great' grain country up there-produces 'colossal crops of No. 4 hard.wheat when cyclones, droughts, frosts, hail storms, or prairie fires don't prevent.: Listening 1" "Yes-certainly." "There was an old two- storey frame house on the farm. It was in a very dilapidated condition, and I spent a good many dollan in getting it made habitable. Finally, one dreary October day I moved in, with the ;help of a hired man known as Jubilee Jack -a black fellow who had drifted down that way from Winnipeg, and who had formerly been a slave in South Carolina. " He arranged the furniture, builtaroarine fire on the hearth, cooked my supper, and started to leave. "' I want your help right along, Jack,' I said, 'so you may as well remain. You can have the attic room, and' "' Gosh amitey, boss I' exclaimed Jack, his ebory face taking on a look of terror. ' Gosh ?nitey I Wouldn't sleep in dis heah house for nuflin in de worl'.' "' Why ?' "' Kas hit's got de'-and his voice fell to a low, creepy whisper--'hit's got de ha'nts." "' Bosh I What put such a foolish idea as that in your head ?' ""Scruse me, boss, but hit am no foolish ness. De man what built dis house kiln a-stagg'rin' home one night and wus nebber seed er-gin. No, sah I Nebber seed er-gin." "'Was he a bachelor?' "'No, sah. lie wus a marr'd man, an' his wife wus nebber seed er-gin a'tcr that night.' "' Strange I' "' Yaas, boss, pow'ful strange. An' when de banker what eod de mortgage on de place kim hyar for his money he foun' blood on de flo', sha, blood on de walls, blood on de hyarth I Den a fambly film Gyafton dey moved in, but dey movedout er.gin, quicker'n quick.' ' Wihy?' "' Yo'll fin' out why ef yo' stay heah twell mawnin'"' "'Fiddlesticks I Here, take your money and come back to-morror.' He thanked me sombrely and went his way. "Tire dusk grew on. The clou;a trailed low over the limitless sweep of treeless prairies. The winds went whuddering round and round the house. The rain beat a dismal tattoo on the panes. I partook of my supper, then drawing my chair before the fire read until a. late hour. The cl6ck was on the stroke of twelve whenr I went to bed. The light of the fire made the room gs light as though I had left my lamp still burning. I I lay with my face turned towards the farther wall. Suddenly I saw the shadows of a man and woman on its white. unbroken surface. I rose sharply on my elbow and looked round ý the apartment. It was empty-empty; butl[ it in an occult way. I watched the phantom pair-witched thcm with a nameless fear and fascination. The man was tall, slender, straight as an Indian arrow. lie were a som brero and a cloak, the corners of which were thrown back over his shoulders. His arms were folded tightly on his breast. -His atti tude bespoke pride, scorn, ferocity. The woman was kneeling at his feet, with bowed head and fingers locked. "The man finally turned away with a haughty air. The woman rose to her fee:, reeled for a moment, and followed him followed himswiftly wi th operon otstretchled, hands. Her companion faced round suddenly, seized her by the throat, and planted a dagger in her heart. " The flames leaped up, shone redly for one flying moment, and went out, leaving the scene in darkness. "I sprang from my bed and lit the lamp. 'I must have been dreaming,' I remarked to myself; but the strange, unearthly vision came again and again, n'ght after night came when I was as wideawake as I am at the present moment- came when t was alone and when I had the companionship of I friends. "I am no spiritist, no believer in the sup. ernatural, but lain puzzled by the phenom enon of which I speak. A phenomenon that has finally driven me from my ranch. Ishall never return to it." He turned his face to the car window as he spoke, and looked dreamily out at the eternal beauty of the sod and sky. A young man having remarked that the sight of certain fruit made his mouth water, an old toper who stood by 'ex claimed * " Well I if there'sanything that'll make my mouth "water, I donrt want to see itl" " What's an island?" asked the teacher of a school. of the class in geography. "The Island is where they send Tirm Failey ' father when he gets drunk," answered the head boy. A young wife, who' had married a physician and was much given to hoasting of her husband's wonderful professional skill, said to a circle of friends one day : " Why I he cured a patient of convalescenrc in less than twenty-.four hours I" Couldn'tbe Otherwise.--" look ? look " said the prosecuting.attorney in his speech to the jury, "at that man. Ie is the very epitome of a villain, a smooth face, a smooth' tongue, a smooth manner, a-" ' Of course," interrupted the prisoner's counsel, "the man couldn't be otherwise than smooth. He was ironed before he came into court." Equal Sauce and Solid.--"You see,' said an English gentleman, who was handling his dinner with a wonderful appetite, to a Scotchrman dining at the same table. " I take a great deal of butter to my fish." " Ay," said the Scotchman, " an' a deevilish deal o' fish to your butter, too I " u"What does p. d. q. mean, pa?" asked little Johnny, who is quick at picking up things he shouldn't. " Itmeans the way you will go upstairs to bed," replied old Brown," if I hear another word out of you the whole evening."' He (making a long call)-" What a very odd-looking clock, Miss Smith. Is it an heirloom ?" SIE (suppressingayawn)-" Oh. no; it-is a recent purchase of papa's. He has a penchant for such things. I was about to call your attention to it." A.. Wise Provision. - Two old men lamenting the changes that have taken place. FIRST OLD MAN (sadly)-" I cannot enjoy myself now as I could when I was a boy. I can't eat half as much." "SECOND OLD MAN*-" I cannot eat as much now as I could when I was a boy,' but I re gard that as rather a wise provision." ."Why so?". .....-. f! Because I haven't as much to eat. " 