THE SALVATION ARMY. COMMISSIONER COOMBE'S DEPAE. TUBE. ENROLMENT OP THE PERTH CORPS. Euter Monday waa a marked day with the Salvationists of Perth, as it witnessed the enrolment of the first corps in the colony, and it is hoped, the forerunner of many simitar branohes of this organization in West Aus- tralia. It ie now barely more than four months since the officers detaobed for duty in this colony arrived here, and since then they have been successful in establishing them- selves in Perth, Fremantle, Guildford, York, and Northam, and though, of oourse, it is too soon, jost yet, to conjecture what may be the future of those who have cast in their let with them, it cannot be denied that their immediate influence upon the several hun- dreds of adherents-they have made, bas been for good. Men and women in the various centres of army work, who, ? a few months ago, were leading lives in which but little that was goed could been noticed, are now to bo found living in circumstances not only indicative of the change effeoted in their habits, but also te the well-being of the community. Humanly speaking, this eleva- tion of so many of these with whom they have beeu brought into contact, is duo to the ceaseless exertions of the Salvationists, and whatever may be said of the methods they employ, it cannot be denied that they have reaobed a* very large number who, hitherto, had not been reaobed by church effort.' And it is because Easter Monday's proceedings so strongly .marked the progress which has been made in the eity by tbe Army that it became a special day with them, a day deserving of being marked with a white stone in their calendar. The success which has followed upon ' their laboura has determined "the authorities to extfend their campaign into other districts of the colony. Feeling like Wesley, who said the whole world was his parish, that the whole earth is its battle- field, the Salvation Army is continually en- larging its sphere of notion, everywhere, and obedient to that prinoiple, the Division in West Australia, seeing ita opportunity, is about to extend its useful, work into parts as yet untried. The appeal which is being made forf ands to enable them to obtain additional officers. to open at Albany, Bunbury, aad Geraldton is being liberally responded to, and: there js a strong probability that iu tho oonrse of a few weeks «ooh of the places named will he supplied. It is probable, also, that the system of out- riders, which bas been found BO euceessfal in other countries where settlement is scattered, will be introduced - here ia the not far distant future, as it is the desire of the Division to cause its operations .to embrace tho whole ol the oolony. And, in the mean- time, as opportunities offer ia the places where the Army has already established itself, new branohes of work will be formed with a view to the development of the whole system in a similar form to that in whioh it is known, in East Australia. And judging of the success which has so far. followed upon the labours of the Division, aud its, appa- rently, unlimited capacity for thoroughly organised effort, títere seems to be no.reoBon why the results of their future work should not be as favourable as those of their , post actione. . THE COMMISSIONER'S DEPARTURE. Greatly to his regret, -Commissioner Coombes was compelled to considerably abridge his stay in . Perth, owing to the expected early arrival of the R.M.S. Britannia, by whioh he waa booked to return to Melbourne in order to meet his other engagements. This oiroumstanoe prevented him from being present at the swearing-in of the Perth carpa and presenting them with their colours, he being obliged to leave by the mail train that day. Shortly before the. train loft, there was a large gathering of Salvationists at the Army Barracks, when the Commissioner and his staff (Staff Captain's Moss and Hendy) took leave of their'com- rades. lt was, however, resolved to accom- pany them to the railway station, and accordingly a procession of considerable length was formed, and the Commissioner ' was escorted to the station. There the platform was fairly crowded by members of the army and friends whom the Commis' eioner, has.made siuoe. bis arrival in Perth, and the good-byes were very warm. As the train left, he was badly cheered, and many waved their farewells to him, and after it was out of sight, tho gathering dispersed,, tho' Army marohing back to its Barracks. , THE TEA-MEETING. At five o'clock one of the largest ' tea meetings witnessed in Perth for some time was held in the Barracks. The large wall of the building was decorated for the oooasion, and the tables were spread with a liberal repost, handsomely decorated with flowers. Por quite an hour and a half the tables were crowded with people, fresh arrivals entering by one door as those who had preceded them kX)<} had *s>A made ,th«»ir exit by *notUHr, oud THE PRESENTATION OP COLOURS. Shortly after tea waa ended, the Salvation- ists met at the vacant plot of ground near the old Herald Office, where an open air meeting was hold. In this not only the Perth branch took part, bat also Salvationists from Fremantle, Guildford, and Northam. A pro* oession was formed at its close and marched through several of the principal streets, headed by the band, and aooempanied by a large following of people. Taken al- together it was one of the biggest torchlight processions seen ie the city, and the musio both the band and the voices of th» men, and women-was not one of its least attractions. Ia the Town Hall a large gathering awaited them. From the moment tho doers were opened, the hall began to fill, and' by the time the Salvationists entered, there was soaroely sitting room in the body of the hall, while the gallery was also fully occupied. It -was one of those large moss meetings, whioh brought to mind the time when Mathew Barnett used to attract huge crowds into the same building, and keep them there inter* ested for a couple ot boara. The decorations plaoed over the platform in honoar of Com* missioner Coombes' visit were still there, and there was also a large scroll anspendod from one end of the stage to the other, bearing the words i' God bless onr Arny and keep »pr soldiers true." By the time one had managed to look round, the hall was completely filled with men, women and obildren, most of whom joined heartily in the ?chorases and hymns with whioh the Salva- tionists, led by Sergeoht- Mejor Palmer, opened the meeting. 1 Frequently the singing would be' broken by a request to " fire » volley," and immediately ' afterwards the seores of voices on the platform would unit« in a loud" Athen !" Presently the Sergeant Major speaks in a low tone to his comrades, and in tho bosh whioh immediately follows, his voice is heard praying for a blessing upon the meeting.' After he had finished «peaking, the rest of the offioers entered and took their seats on the platform, and it was theo seen that of the field offioers present there were the following:-Tho Divisional Officer, Staff Captain and Mrs, Knight, Captain Harris (Divisional Secretary), Captain^ Barnett and Lieutonant Piper (Perth), Captain Diakinaon and Lieutenant Elder (Fremantle), Captain Sykes and Lieutenant Rollbusji (Guildford), and Captain Rion, and Lieutenant Gillies (Northam). Staff . Captain Knight gives oat ' th» hymn, " Are you washed in tho blood of tho Lamb," and immediately,- t» the aooempasiment of the band and. the tambourines the Salvationists and audience sing the well-known words eon amore, the band accompaniment of the ohornses alternat- ing with the clapping of the Bingen', bands in strict timn to, the music. After the hymn. -whioh is given out in the old- fashioned etyle of a verse at a time-ie finisbed, Cap- tains Bien and Diokineo» offer up prayer, the nentenoes of whioh are frequently (broken in , npon by the kneeling men . and ; women with cries of * TOR, Lord !" " Hallelftjat !" Glory be to God !" "Lord answer prayer !" and other ejaculations. Then as they kneel, till : join in ¿he singing of the hjpini ^Thereí» & ] fountain filled with blood," the womanising- ! ing alone sometimes, and at other times tho ] male voices taking up the strain. Then tho Staff-Captain pray», and already it aaa b» seen that several of the audience are mush affeoted, and are wiping their eyes. " Captain^ SyksB and Lieut. Rollbush wiil uow sintr ns » duet," afterwards announces the "Staff," as the Salvationists call their leader, and the two lassies, who ara conducting the work at. Guildford, sing very sweetly " On the Cross j of Calvary," everyone who knows the ohörus j joining in. Even those who do net know it ; are not long before they are able to ] do so, as the tune is catchy, the Staff- j Captain tells them the words, and invites them to " Sing the chorus, all of you, God ? bless you!" It is needless to soy that the greater part of those to whom he appeals respond favourably. After this, Captain Knight announces that Captain Baraett has recovered from ber illness, and feels able to be amoxgst them again, and from that night will resnme her duties in the Barracks. This announcement is received with cheers and other demonstrations of satisfaction, not only by tho Salvationists bot by the audience with whom the lassie ia a very great favourite. Captain Barnett reads from Isaiah xii., bat before doinrr so, thanks them ail for their sympathy and prayers, and expresses her own and ber comrades' thankfulness that so many wero willing to enlist beneath the Sag of the Salvation Army, and to shew that a change had taken place in their hearts, their lives, and their homes. After she finishes reading from the Scriptures, Staff-Captain Knight says he would like to thank everyone there who had taken part in the preparation and arrangement of the tea. 411 thank God for the suooesBf al campaign we have had here," he says, " and I ask Him that it may not end «here, but that it may only be the oommeace mont of a greater, grander, and more glorious work than we have yet done. I have to apologise for the absence of Commissioner Coombes. He wished me to convey to you to-night his most aincera and heartfelt thanks for the very special aud pleasant manner ia'which you raoeiveclhitn. Ho told mo also to express to you his feeling that he would never forget your kindness, and he hopes at his next visit to Western Australia he may find even a larger and more enthusiastic gathering to the glory of God who redeemed him. It was tho .last of my thoughts that I should have to fill his plaoe to,night; nevertheless, I have made up my soma £12 10s. was giren to it. He asks them now to give £5, and says he believes that in the coarse of the next two or three weeks five or six additional officers will arrive to begin work in new districts. In a very short time the amount is forth ooming. after which the lassies and lads sally forth with eelleofcion boxes to "gather np the fragments that remain," as one of the soldiers pat it, and the frag- ments appear to be numsroBB. While they do this, tho others ting " Calvary's stream ia sowing. After this, the presentation of ooloura oomaenoes. A large nag of bine, red and yellow, bearing the words "Blood and -Fire V in ita centre is nsf arled, and then the steff-captain, haying announced that this is the flag of the Perth oorpB, Hie number ot whiob is SSS-, which, ia now the total number of corps in the Australian colonies, proceeds to explain the meaning of the colours on the flag. , , Capjafn KNIGHT : So far as we Salvation- ists are concerned, this flag is very important te us in our work. We do not only léele upen it as a. pole' with a piece of bunting 'attached, just for the purposes of warina; over us np and down the streets, or to, exhibit ia our Barracks. It has focus who love God and serve him a far deeper meaning. Yon will see there are three colours in the flag, the yellow, red, and blue. The red, te us, is the symbol or sign whioh alway« keeps before us the memory of th« precious bined of Jesus Christ, that is to the sign that no one need ever despair ot having their sins cleansed away, because the blood of Jesus Christ was shod that the1 world might lire, «mi by it alone you have life. The blue, tb us, signi- fies parity. We hold it is impossible, ¿or any man or woman ta love. God without purity of heart and purity of life, and BO far aa we are concerned, we are continually try- ing to impress upon our people the need of being not only Salvationists, and out-and-out Salvationists, so far as uniform and marches are concerned, but to be out-aud-ont Salva-' tiouintü, so far as their hearts are Concerned. We don't went men and women who are only willing to be Salvationists for the uniform, but we want them to be Salvationists deep down in their own hearts. Tho yellow signi- fies to us the fire of tho Holy Ghost, and ve maintain that without the power of tbe Spirit of the living God, it is impossible for us to accomplish anything for the Alaster. Aad these three thioga ar« those which shall enable onr comrades to i&unoh; forth to victory and to opnquer through the blood of our Lord Josas Christ. I now . call upon Captain 1 Barnett and Lieutenant Piper to stand to their feet. (Both, lassies rose instantly.) In tbe nave of God who has bought rae and redeemed ms, b)'/ Hie blppd, and in tho name of the General of the Salvation Army, I, here présent you with- . these colours,' that you.may carry wem; ''«ntl; nae them for His Glory «ki' for : the winning-; of men and wpmeu f'Omííbe deptha of #i¿ and degradation,. I charge ' ym before^God, Wj}BMXem.and Whom I serre, that , you be 'trqe' apxl- faithful to tbs ntïndpleà wniish ttyseooloura denote, that you be tree to the principles ot the organisation that ñas place 4 yon in this position, and .-that yea always, and at all times, endeavour te carry onty. yO the best of your ability, the rales and regu- lations pf tb^ Army in'whioh you'serve. I need nPfc impYess opon you that these ooloura are te be vaerieS in the .name of Jesus Christ,-theft they shall be floated in tho brease in tue darkest, as well as in the' lightest spots of : this city. If there ia one spot, one looolity, or one alley, that is dark br seems sinking and depressed,'so far aa sin is concerned, more than any other in this city, I .charge, yost, before M9od, that yon ©arry this flag there that it may mean to them the sign that there' ia deliverance - from sin, that there is a possi- bility of heart purity, and a purity of life, and a possibility of their baying entrance into the Kingdom of God. I pray God these ooloura moy never be trailed in the dust, and that wherever they may he fonnd, men and women may understand that beneath them march men and women. who bave made np their minds to nerve God at all costs. God bless < you ! Carry these colours for God, and He will bless you for so doing. The two offioers having received their colours, Captain BARNETT said : We are glad, this evening, beoause we are determined by tbe help of God to be faithfni and true to Him. I am glad that I said in my heart, .many yearé ago, that I was going to live xor God, and be true to the Salvation Army end to its prinoiplee, and I feel so thankful to-night at receiving this flag on behalf of the Perth corps. I premisa rey God. and I promise you dear people here that by His help I shall never let it be trailed in the dust. I pray God He may ever give me grace that I may be faithful to carry , it into every dark spot and every den, and there proclaim that Christ has bled to save, and that His blood was 6bed to make ns good and pure, and to keep us so. May God bless us always. Amen. Lieutenant PIPEB also spoke in the same strain, Staff-Captain KNIGHT then oalled Mr. J. J. Glaskin. and,said-"Brother Glaskin, I band this flag to you, and as God has caved you, and delivered you from the burden of year sins, and as you have been appointed by Captain Barnett to the dnties of Celoar Sergeant, t charge you that you be faithful aad'steadfast in yonr life." Colour-Sergeant Glaskin having received th« flag, took np his station in the contre of ;$fae,stage, aft^,<whiph;^fee Staff again ad in the Salvation Army. Some people seep to think that we are are quite willing to take anybody and everybody and make them soldiers, put them into nnü orm.and allow them to take part in oar marones straight off. I may say there was never a greater error. It if trae that we desire to get as many men an^ women aa we possibly can, and it ia oar duty to draw them to God, and make them into Salvationists that as they feel they have been won from the paths of ein and unrighteous* ness, they in their turn may go forth to ? resoné others, even as they themselves have been reseued. After people, bare giyitt God their hearts and have commenced to live for His glory, we believe in doing oar utmost to train them for. God and for efi oient service for His glory. Captain Knight then read ont two of the sixteen Articles of War, the first read being the pledge required of soldiers to abstain from the, uss of intoxicating liquors and , opium ria its varions forms. .It farther pledged him amongst other things against the use of profane or loose conversation, against lying, tiie reading of loose literature,'and dishonesty in his dealings, and required him to do his utmost for the protection of women and girls. Tho other Article Btated that the aubscriber te them entered the Army of his owa free will. Captain KNIGHT then called oat the names of the seventy who had enrolled, and a« each of their sames was called, the eoldiers rose from their seat* and stood beneath tbejr flag, and when the group was finished, it presented an imposing appearance, represent« ing as it did seventy men and women; old and young, banded together to do the work of the Army in Perth. Captain KNIGHT J My comrades, you have read these articles and signed them, and Ï hope carefully and prayerfully yon thoroughly studied them, and that standing here to» night, you thoroughly understand *U they mean so faros yon are oonoerned. . It is one thing to be a «oldier in name, and it, is another thing to bo a fighting, aoldier, and standing here to-night before God "and* oéfore tíieBe people,. I tell yon God wann arra we want men and woroon who are willing ito be faithful soldiers. .There ore'toe many people in the. world, to-day, who profeasr^.^ Christ's, and have no love for p^ing sonia, or if they had' once, have eines lost it,'ai|d to-day are void, of that passion that will lèid them forth for " the * ' salvation of * "their fellows. I pray ttat «od by His Spirit may inspire your hearts with such va ibnnoing (pauten as will ltjtd you fprtb t |of."^p'^r, upmost for Him who bas' redeemed jpû. I Bead not toll you the people of this city -will look upon you and will watoh yonr lives-your notions, yonr o^aretaati^ yonr «going« i oat and eominn j»-r-t© eoe if ¿thay «vre m aaoorlafpe wittíbs teaing oï GoJ*« owe love. There i« # saying that fora'màa IwbuiMlhUjbhe'mBstto and though our profession,i!** 9oU«tiouUos, ia very high, I pray ot»r fonction marinas deep, and that we^may.:bp4Wt.*h& M»J$£y be strong,, thri; .we hw b* bold, ahd that we may be labourera for Jesus. 'The' pebplB Jn yonr own households end workehopB^ will watoh you,-and I pray God yonmay »ever nb anything that will bring discreet Ppon His Name ; that yon will nev*? do anything that will trail our' banner in the dust, and that you will do yonr best to bring1 men and women and obildren to Christ. God' bless yon! I charge you that you be faithfull. I charge yon that yon, bj» :»ae to lGhrist and to the principles of the Salvation Army. I «ni oonvinoed thaï if yon. who stand upon this platform are only true, there is a grind . future before yon here. Not saTy IhaWwe bave had this foy of swearing in men and women to follow. Chrjet, haj^re lisbali , have the joy of swearing, in seores of ' ^others who shall jmaroh through the streets I with yon to the honour and glory bf vÖÖi. I God-bless yon everyone! Prayers was then offered np by the ¡Staff Captain, and Captain Barnett, and addresses were delivered, fay Captains Bien, .Sykes, Dickinson and Harris. Mrs. Knight safag a very tuneful solo, " That is bow my nugal ,mother died," the «horas of which was token up fey the soldier« and audience and sereral 1 hymns wer« also sang. A prayer-meeting was held immediately afterwards, Mrs. Knight opening it with a/very tenoning ad- dress. The prayer-meeting lasted frilly an hour, during whioh tine seven persons were so wrought upon by the prayers and hymns, and the strong appeals mode to them by the brothers and sisters that they went up to the penitent forra, and professed their desire to lead- a new life. The meeting closed with the singing of the doxology. 