teg €§mx fofiitip. As these lines see the light of print, the new year will see the fight of life, and the old one will have "gone glimmering through the dream of things that were." Looking back upon that old year, it brought amidst its troubles many things of hope and joy. The year that brought them is dead. The things themselves live with us, in fact or in memory. I for one shall bless the old year for the blessings it brought, even while I remember that it carried away such good souls into bliss as John Hemy Newman and Dean Donaghy. AND what did the old year do to Ireland and the Irish cause ? Much—very much. _ And I venture to say that everything it did, rightly understood, was a step towards a higher national level and a good end. The previous year closed in schism. 1891 opened with Sir. Parnellinthe first bitterness of his great defeat at Kilkenny. In April he met another defeat at Sligoy in July a third at Garlow, in "October a fourth in Kilkenny, and then the greatest of all that from the conqueror, .Death. Such wore the lessons that Ireland taught her whilom idol in the last year of his life. Then - came the Cork struggle with Redmond, and this was another overthrow for schism. All these experiences were very bitter, but they were almost immensely bracing. The very fibre of the national character .must have been hardened under such a course of moral training. IN the fonr elections contested I note that the Nationalists cast 13,212 votes, andthe-Factionists 7551. It is a very lamentable thing to think that in Ireland to-day in four constituencies there are seven thousand patriots so lost to sense as to prefer a man to a nation's cause. But while we grieve over the large minorities and over an actual majority in Waterford cast for faction as against the nation, we must remember that amidst these minorities there are many Tory votes givein to faction in order to defeat the national cause. THE British Parliament of 1886 will die this year by dissolution, or next year bv effluxion of time. The nation is almost certain to return at the next election a majority of Home Rulers. But then the trouble will begin, and then Ireland will have need of all her schooling inself-restraint. Will Gladstone give her such a bill as she wants P If not, will she learn the lesson that when a man cannot get all he wants, he should take all he can get P Mr. Stead, of the Review - of Reviews, who is a staunch Liberal and Home Ruler, thinks that Ireland is likely to get its first measure of Home Rule, not from Mr. Gladstone, bnt from — Mr. Balfour. Fancy the irony of fate ! WHEN we turn towards Rome, what a sight do we see—all the ruffianism of the Eternal City and all the Freemasons— much the same thing—in delirious indignation because a stupid French pilgrim Wrote " Live the Pope !" on the register of the Pantheonover Victor "Emmanuel. In the sacred name of 'common sense what harm could there be,in that ? And why this hubbub, except to vent infidel spite again the Vicegerent of Christ oh earth. i I 'AM not _sorry, after all, to see the Monro< Ministry safe in the haven of 1 recess. I Poor Shiels, ofallthe Ministers/ ' has had the hardest timd. • - He had to meet the; passive resistance ; as will as the active persecution * of . Mr- Speight. He has triumphed. the 'first day of this New TeaS^ Mr. .Speight descends to the rank of a. ; trafficmanagerj and Mr. Shiela. is a [teal; Minlster pf Railways. Nothing that Jai., Service',ey^r didin his political life mere' - 'cohjclusively proved his want of true foresight than did the Railway Com-, missiohers Act of-1883. : It has proved a . lure quite unmitigated. . It was designed 'to>d&t;^? jp&Mfe4; j&fluenc;∈ 4 tl^ef -'railway 1 nratagtU^l^k^ jto ! ,6ecj^',,' —-o|hy ; ifi. fconstrwjibtt ' Ihasdoneneit ... jiTesponsible^nfo^My w. wp^p, than, the worst of Min^efiiu^ jobbery «oldbe.: • iebk is apt ywfhereout ^h&fcJtorMtmnfc; intrindi ^ exchange the prp Mnifr'A.dife rfforitM2i^i8onV/^to' "7 ent-General'g. pins aprobabfe a tttie. r risqurtej^h'tv^Vyhen^iheivtirea * probably recommend thfeGoveriior v to entrost Mr. Shiela with the task of Cabinet.mating. And then Mr. Shiels will Lave to face the music of getting proper colleagues in the Upper House who agree with his policy on the reform of the franchise. If he cannot do that it will be impossible to appeal to the electors as " one man one rote." Sous people say that Mr., Shiels is too emotional and too flighty for a leader. Perhaps he may be, but I have natoy times noticed that responsibility has a wonderful steadying power on even heady men. Harry V. was a wild colt as the Prince of Wales. He waft a staid, wise monarch as the King of England. Consideration like ah angel came, And whipped the offending Adam out of him. I hare known a man who was a harem- scarem sailor before the mast transformed into a model of prudence in command of a vessel. Shiels wants ballast. Who knows but what responsibility would give him the very ballast he requires P THESE are other names mentioned in the political whispering gallery. Some folks say that Sir Bryan O'Loghlcn will be invited to join the Ministry. Others say that Deakin will be aBked orice more. A' J third rumour is that Wrixon may be a member of the reconstructed Ministry. But amidst all the speculations there rises up the figure of Sir Graham Berry, like the ghost of Ccesar, warning Brutus and CaBsius of an impending doom. A little bird whispers to mei that Sir Bryan and Mr. Deakin have an idea that a Liberal alliance might be struck up with Sir Graham to go for a . thorough-paced Radical programme. AN amusing story was told me the other day by a lady of a wise father who not only knew his own child, but who was most heartily in love with his offspring. She was sitting in the circle at tne Alexandra Theatre trying to enjoy the pantomime of "Jack the Giant- Killer." Perhaps my fair informant was a little out of sorts over her Christmas pudding or from some other sweet., At any rate, the piece seemed to her very slow and tame. She was rather interested at noticing that an old gentleman in the seat before her thought otherwise. He was brimming over with merriment at every flat joke, and applauding heartily the tamest of passages. She envied him his capacity for being amused, until at length he toned his head, and then she noticed it was Garnet Walsh, the author of the piece. The explanation was clear. I • I TAPLEY. 