THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER i (PUBLISHED DAILY) , ' PROGRESSION, OUR RIOUTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. BENDIGO, MONDA Y, APRIL 25, 1S9S. ELECTION INFORMALITIES, 1 . It is customary after every general election to hear rumors of petitions against the re turn of successful candidates, on the ground either of informalities in, connection with the election, or of improper practices by the successful candidates themselves. • As a rule, however, they are merely rumors, and eventuate in nothing. There is more than rumor in' the cases of the Eastern Suburbs; and Gunbower. . At the Eastern Suburbs there was a fiasco at o»e of the polling booths through the blundering or incompetency of the. deputy, returning officer, and in the GunboVer election the names of tho cahdi-i dates" were placed.upon the .ballot papers in' the wrong order.; ; It would be wrong, iii our opinion, to make the Cambenvell affair a reason for the whole election being cqnduqtQd' dc 11010. After all the pollwastakenaccording to the strict letter of, the Act in the other divisions of the constituency, and the electors recorded'their, votes in favor of the "candi dates they favored, without being' interfered ■ with in any way, or without the occurrence' of any circumstance rendering tho proceed-' ings informal: At Camberwell tho .officer: in;charge is alleged to have given voting papers out indiscriminately, and to liavo' occasioned suoh confnslon as to necessitate the closing of the booth before the hour. This was, of course, suffieient to invalidate the polling in tho division, but it would be very unfortunate if the whole olection ^was invalidated thereby. Mr. Gillies ■ has fought a, closely; contested, election in the Eastern - Suburbs, and has, so far as can be, seen' by the .returns made known,, come out of it successfully. - It- is stated that the Camberwell voting will really be found to increaso his majority. Under the circumstances, we contend that if the polling for the Camberwell division bp tylten over again on a day properly an nounced, everything will be done- that is necessary to1 complete the election. The polling was carried out as it should be, in the other divisions, and it only remains fo* the Camberwell polling to be completed in tho same satisfactory way. The.Yei'dict of the electors will;be obtained just as well by such nieans as by a fresh election in the constituency. . The point raised in connection with the GunbWer election.is very!frivolous.. • There isr.no doubt that a mistake was made in placing Mr. , M'Coil's name above.' Mr., Brown's on the ballot paper, but consider , ingthat Mr. M'Coll obtained a majority of 138, to sfiy that the mistake influenced the result, casts a .reflection upon the educa tional capacity of the Gunbower: electors. : We believe.1 that iu every election a-few.; votes are : recorded by illiterate voters, wlio require instructions beforehand as to which name fcliey must strike off. There are also voters whose eyesight is bad, arid they would, be apt to'make a mistake. But con siderations such as these can hardly weigh where the majority for the successful candi idate is so pronounced ; and in any case it is likely that if a few votes were ■wrongly recorded on account of the mistake in the names, the result was just as often detrimental, to Mr.. M'Coll as to Mr. j ■Brown. The supporters of the latter were not: likoly .tQ .be tllQ oply ones lad into the error, ;unless,we accept1 Mr. Brown's evident con tention that his supporters were more in need of the schoolmaster. It would be j manifestly unfair'to Mi'. M'Coll if such a frivolo'iis objection were allowed to affect thie validity of the election. He has done nothing -wrong, and should not be subjected to the worry and expense of another con test."unless Mib': reasons are very strong indeed. The one reason given in this case is very weak, and tho defect. can easily be' rectified under the provisions of the elec toral law. The 272nd scoiion of the Coiir stitution Act Amendment; Act 1890 em powers the Govornor-in-Council to cure defects. It reads as follows :— ' No election shall be void in consequence only of there having been no returning officer at the time of the issue of tho-writ.-or of any delay in the return of the writ; and where any accidental or unavoidable impediment,misfeasance or omis sion shall have happened, the Governor-in Council may take all such measures as may be necessary for removing such impediment or rectifying such misfeasance or omission ; or may declare any or all of tho proceedings at or for any olection .valid, as to and notwithstanding such impediment, misfeasance,' or omission ; and every such Order-in-Council shall state specifically the nature of the impediment, mis feasance or omission, and shall be published forthwith in the Government Gazette.. | This covers the whole ground, and we trust that steps will bo taken to remedy tho defect in accordance with the section of the Act above quoted. It would be a blot on oar (electoral system wore an election rendered void by such a trivial errsr on the part of a returning officer. . Gold, Calls and Dividends.—A splendid lot of gold,yields again came forward on Satur day, the total being 5,050 ozs. The Garden Gully United headed the list with a splendid yield of 546 ozs., while tho Great Extended Hustler's with 446 ozs., and the Now Chum Railway with 419 ozs. occupied prominent places;' The other leading yields were United Hustler's and Redan, 357 ozs. ; Johnson's Reef, 345. ozs. ; Hustler's Reef, 325 ozs.; New Argu3, 313 ozs.; aud Princess Dagmar, 259 ozs. The £0,373 distributed in dividends the previous week, was well sup ported by a total of dividends on Saturday of £6,009, the declaring companies being Cornish United, £1; Garden Gully United, Is 6d; New Chvjm Railway, Great Central Viotoria and UnitodHustler's and Redan 6d each. The Great Central Victoria dividend is the first it has ever mads, and that the profit, has been won from a reef below 2,000 feet is a point worthy of note. Two or three calls are announced. The divi dends are now about £10,000 in excess of calls, while this time last year it was nearly the other way about. | Emu Vaixey Water Trust.—Mr. Frederick Grosso,returning officerlfor the Emu Valley Irri gation and Water Supply Trust, announces that: the annual election of two commissioners takes Elace on . Saturday, ?tli May.! Commissioners l-eniiari and Read are retiring, but are eligible for ra-eleetion. Nominations''must'bo mado Jsgfori? i p.m'r PB AyrjJ. Ins Luitrki Gold Extraction Process.— Dr. Buss/ representing the proprietors of this process, accompanied by Mr. Cosmo Newbery and Mr. Hewitt, Secretary for Mine3, will arrive here this evening, and to-morrow morn ing they "will start on a tour round the district, the programme for which has been arranged by Mr. W. H. Grainger, the local inspector of mines. The following places will be visited in the order named :—The Sandhurst and Eagle hawk Pyrites Works, Jackass Flat; Catherine .Reef crushing machine, Johnson's Reef; Koch's Pioneer,. .Liddell. Bros.' Pyrites -Work, Ed wards' Chlorination Works, Mr. Laiisell's Fortuna Works, New Chum awl .Victoria h&tteryy; New Churn Consolidated, and Great Britain.- At four o'clock the parties interested will confer with the visitors at the Town Hall.' DEATH OF MRS. JOHN CRUIKSHANK. - Our obituary notices this morning contain the announcement of the death of Mrs. John Cruik- shank, widow of the late Dr. John Cruikshank, of Bendigo, who died a few years ago at an advanced age. After the death of her husband, Mrs. Cruikshank proceeded to Sydney, where one of her married daughters lived, and she continued to reside there with her two unmar- ried daughters till she died on Friday last. Her death, which was due to paralysis, will be deeply regretted by a wide circle of friends in this city, where she was highly respected. She leaves four daughters, one of whom is married to Mr. J. G. Sauerbrey, of Bendigo, and the other, to Mr. Mallett, of Sydney, and much sympathy will be expressed for them in their bereavement. The Bridge-street Stabbing Case. —Yes terday a .woman giving the name of Ada Beatt.y was arrested at Moonlight Flat for stab bing a Chinese named Ali Guey at Bendigo, on Thursday last. Constable Hancock made the arrest, arid on reaching the lockup, a charge of inflicting grevious bodily harm-upon Ah Guey was preferred against Beatty. VaoaSCIES for head teachers and assistants are. announced by the Education department as followsChiltern, Wharparilla West, Toom bon, head teachers; Fitzroy, Hawthorn, Hamil ton, Taradale, Ararat (two), Prahran, female junior assistant; Collingwood, male junior as sistant. The Mixers and Politics.—Some time was spent by the members of the Miners' Associa tion at n special meeting on Saturday evening in discussing the advisability of retaining the by-law whion precludes members of Parliament or candidates for Parliamentary honors from holding office in, the branch. Additional interest was centred in the question owing to the fact that at the recent election Mr. .P. Phillips, the secretary, hud intended standing for South Sandhurst, but before lie could do so he would, under the existing laws, have had i to resign his' position as secretary of the asso ciation first. Some members deemed it inad visable to allow political matters to be intro duced into .the association and . favored' the retention of the old by-law, while there wove others who considered it would be to the advantage of. the association to have one or two members,of Parliament in their ranks. .After a lengthy discussion a compromise was effected by . retaining, the by-law with the excision of the -words '' or candidates for Parliamentary honors." The Supreme Court.—1The April sitting of. the Supreme Court, which was originally fixed for" Wednesday, will not be opened until the following day,when: his .Honor Mr.- Justice Hplrpyd will preside. Witnesses, jurymen "and others are warned by'advertisement in another column to attend j on :Thursday-morn ing." ' CoscfcTvr .BY the Blind.—Mr. J. .Thurston Hogarth, the superintendent of tlie Blind Asylum,:Melbourne, is at present, in ,this-,city arranging for the concerts which are given annually by the inmates of that institution. Thc ' concerts :will probably be given ih' the Masonic Hall 011 Thursday and Friday, the 5th and 6th of .May. The Rev.R. Keith Mackay, tbe'mayor (the hon.; J. H. Abbott), and Mr. S, H. M'Gowan have kindly consented to act as a local committee to carry o\tt the arrangements, Any of onr citizens willing to accommodate the blind people duriug their visit hero, or to assist in any other way this most deserving institu tion, are requested to communicate with the gcutlemen mentioned above. . . :Tiie Pirates'of. Penza nce."^-0h Saturday afternoon a matinee performance of Gilbert and Sullivan's . popular opera "The, Pirates of Penzance;" was given in tKe theatre by Pollard's Juvenile . Opera .Company. There was. a very fair attendance,' and the performance passed on very successfully. In the evening a very good house witnessed the last production of the opera, which is well known to theatre-goers of Bendigo. The part allotted to Frederic, the Pirates apprentice, received admirable treat ment at the hands of: Miss Lily Everet. The Pirate King was portrayed by Master W. Percy very well, and the part of Major General Stanley Was done full justice to by Master A. Stephens. Miss M. Mitchell, who enacted the part of Mabel, one of Major General Stanley's daughters',' was eminently successful, ^ and' lier singing elicited marked approval. Miss Maud Clarke as Ruth was also, very, successful, The other characters were well siistainod. To-night another.of Gilbert and Sullivan's operas,-" The Mikado" will take place of •'The Pirates of Penzance." Boards of. Advice.-^The following have been appointed members of the Boards of Advice for the districts specified:—Axedale Bidiug . of tho Shire ofStrathfieldsaye, Messrai'F.'G. Code and G. "Offerman. Shire ' of Maldon—Baringhnp Riding, Mr. R.: Cliisholm. - Walmer Riding, Mr. Oscar Bertuch. • ; City Police Court.—The mayor (the hon. J.H.Abbott), Messrs. M. Rundell, J. Illing : wol'thand Dr. J. 'Boyd,Js.P.',presided on Satur day. A drunkard was cautioned and discharged, and several small debt cases were disposed of. .This was all the. business set down for hearing^ : Bendigo Art Gat.i.ery.—The number of visitors to ,tbe Art Gallery duritig the past week, as computed by the curator, Mr. J. B. Harris, was as followsMonday,l,742; Tuesday, 1,396; Wednesday, 762 ; Thursday, G27; Friday, 414; Saturday, .427; Sunday,'220; total, 5,5S8. Mr. J."T; Warren was in attendance as honorary curator yesterday afternoon. Methodist Church, Ironbark.—Yesterday revival services were conducted at tho United Free Methodist Church, Ironbark. -There were very good congregations'at both morning and evening services, and addresses appropriate to the occasion were delivered. It is the inten tion to continue these services next Sunday, and .Bible readings .will be,g;yycn gacl; djky during the coining* : Wesley AS Ohvuch, Forest-street.—Last evening tho Rev. C. Tregear, who has recently been appointed to this district, officiated for the first time'in the AVesleyan Church, Forest street. There' was a 'large congregation, and the rev. gentleman, who is evidently an earnest anil faithfiii minister; created a very favorable impression. He selected for his text the words' of our Lord to His disciples just prior to His as cension—"Ye- shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come unto you." He re ferred to the importance attached to the last words of a dying friend, and remarked that the words of the text which were amongst the last words spoken by our Saviour on this cttrth were' important in the highest degree. The power of tho Holy Ghost was essential in order to enible Christ's j disciples to carry out the great work entrusted to them, to go into all the world and preach the j gospel. It was a higher power than mere intel lectual or financial power, and in order to pre pare themselves for the reception of this pQwer the followers of Christ were gathered together with one accord in prayer aud supplication for ten days. Then followed the day of Pcntecost, when three thousand souls were added to the church. Tlie preacher then referred to the great revival which started in New York in 1S57, when midday prayer meetings were established. The revival gradually spread over the United States, until in one year it was estimated that 400,000 persons joined the Methodist Church. It then spread to England and other parts of the world until over a million and a quarter of persons were converted. He was glad to be able t > say that those midday prayer meetings were continued daily up to the present time. He wished to see somo such manifesta tions in this city, and exhorted his hearers to pray earnestly that the power of the Holy Ghost might "be bestowed on every member of the congregation. During his sermon tho preacher sang a verse of Moody and Sankey's hymn, " Consecration," which was very appro priate. Selecting tiieir Seats. — The number of members of the Legislative Assembly who have availed themselves of the privilege of marking off their seats in that chamber (says the Argus) has so far been small. Mr. L. L. Smith and Mr. Maloney have selected their old seats in the Ministerial corner, adjoining the passage which senarates that portion of the House from the Treasury benches. Mr. Isaacs, who has been selected to represent Bogong, has also selected a seat in tho M Lnisterial corner, and Mr. Stuart has done tlie same, but the latter has taken a position as far removed from the Government benches as possible without - crossing the floor. On the opposito side of the gangway, Mr. G. D. Car ter has marked off a seat in the Opposition corner, und Mr. Madden has affixed his card to his usual seat in that part of the Chamber. When several members who have not yet marked off Ijtheir scats, were asked where they would be found sitting when the House opened they all replied, " In the corner." Judging from present appearances, it seems certain there will be two large " corner" parties in existence which may at any time see cause to coalesce during the forthcoming session. 1 Remarkable JIarriac.es. — Eight of the most remarkable marriages on record took place within a few weeks in the parish of St. Marie, Quebec. - Two neighbors/named Morin and Rheaume, have each eight children/four sons and four daughters. ; Rheaume's four sons have married • Morin'a four daughters, and Morin's four eons havonwi?4 the of Hheawme The President ok the Miners' Association. —Mr. W. Williams (the president of the Benditro brancli of the A.M.A.) left for Sydney on Friday to attend the meeting of the Chief Council, but owing to two of his children being suddenly seized with diphtheria a telegram was despatched after "him recalling him home. Mr. Williams returned to Bendigo on Saturday evening. One of the children is so seriously ill that she had to'undergo an operation, and but slight hopes are entertained of recovery. A Missing Torpedo Boat.—Grave doubts are now entertained (says the Argus) as '.to'the safety of.the torpedo boat which -was recently built in England for the Victorian fiovernment. The vessel left London on the 12th of Decem ber, and is due at Melbourne at the end of the present month, but •nothing whatever has been heard of her since her departure. The secre tary of Defence has therefore been instructed to communicate with the Imperial War Office on the subject. ' The second ■ quarter of the Grammar School, Tiarnnrd street, begins to-day. Evening classes for matriculation, public" service, etc., are [conducted every Monday and Thursday. The second ballot of the No. 1 watch club was drawn on Saturday night, and No. 60, held by Mr. Alexander, bootmaker, Pall Mall, was the suc cessful number. Mi-. Credgington advertises that he is rapidly filling the second club, and expects to have the first drawing soon. Intending members should hand in' their names as soon as possible. We notice by advertisement that Mr. JR.. Dun lop, who' lias long been connected with Mr. A. CarndufF, Pall Mall,' has opancd the Farmers' Cash Tobacco Store in Hargreaves-street, with a choice stock of all the newest brands in cigars and tobacco. A social will be held in the Royal Hall, Forest street, on Wednesday evening. Dancing willcom merice at eight o'clock. Mr. W. Hansen will act as pianist, and Mr. J. Kidd as M.C. ■ We have received from the Land department, New Zealand, a copy of The New Zealand Crown JUtiids Guiik. The object »f the book is to afford in formation on the land system of the colony, how and where land can bo obtained, the areas that nan bo selected, and the price and mode of payment. The work is a valuable one. Mr. Samuel Bickle intimates elsewhere that j previous to removing to his future premises at View Point, he lias determined to reudca his presont stock to a minimum, and ha3 made re ductions of a startling character throughout the. entire establishment. The reductions on all dress materials should ensure a speedy clearance. i Messrs, James Andrew and Co. will hold their, usual sale at their nuiv rooms this day at 11 o'clock. i At: Messrs. H M.Marks and Co's. auction rooms to day, commencing at 11 o'clock, the usual weekly sale of household furniture, sundries, etc., will bo held. ■ Messrs. G. IT.iHobson and Go. will:hold their usual weekly sale of household furnituro and .effects at their rooms, this day, at eleven o'clock, ,when an unusually large quantity of goods, which have been removed to the rooms for convenience of sale will bo sold without reserve. Particulars. in our auction columns. 