MY UNCLES GHOST, BY FRANCIS FOOTE. One rainy evening last week I lounged into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk and smoke. One of my uncle's hobbies was to be surrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeed, he seemed little more than a boy himseif in feelings, although he had passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to the major,' as we called him— I believe that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a' helping hand when we were in a colleg« icrape; nn one who woald loan money so readily when an allowance fell short ; there was no one vvith such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales ; and then his wiues aud cigars were unimpeachable. Oil this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from his pipe. 'How are you, Tom V' he said, lazily; 'you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of ray ghost ' ' Your ghost ?' I echoed. ' Why, yes ; you know I have the pleasure of owning one. Do you mean that I have never told you the story ?' I say ' No,' emphatically, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for Jhe one thing 'which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self : and they were always good. ' Order whatever you wish, Tom,' he said. 'I'll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the best cigars on the top ihelf.' At last we were comfortably settled, and after a preliminary swallow of braudy hs began. ' It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The traias didn't go right through as they do now. and stopped oftener. It might have been iive o'clock in tbe evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. ' The sea's were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said ' Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of a bag with her. ' You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when 1 see her, and a lady. She was both, although her dress was plain and black, and her gloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en tertaining of which I offered her, and when she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest I have heard — low soft and musical. ' By Jove 1' said the major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy, ' I know that woman would sing with her whole soul ; she couldn't have helped it with that voice. 'Well,' he continued. ' she took up a book, but she didn't read much ; just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through ehe called him and asked about a berth. ' ' I am sorry,' be said : ' you should have telegraphed. We are very full, and there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section?' ' ' I would,' she replied ; * although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me ?' . ' ' I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how,* and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out of sympathy, as he saw the troubled expres sion in the girl's face. «' Then I spoke, — I have a whole section to myself,' I said, ' and I always prefer the upptr berth ; so if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to you.' This was a lie, for 1 had never Elept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. ' I shall never forget the glance she gave me. I had not noticed her eyes before, but . now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. ?'I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why she was travelling alone. ' Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. Slit glanced at me once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. ' ? I've got to do it,' I heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, I don't believe *he knew that she spoka aloud, so occupied was she with her own thoughts. ' In a few moments she spoke again, still talking to herself, — ' They must never find him about me. It would spoil all, and I would never — ' ' I lost the next two words, but they sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, and looked quickly at me. I turned a page of my book and settled back farther into my corner. Then she opened her little bag and took from it a -picture. As near as I could make out it was the likeness of an aristocratic young man with blue eyes and smiling lips. ' She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it fervently under cover of her handker chief. ' After that, she covered it with both hands, gave one little sob, and then began to tear that picture into inch bits. ' ' Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel !' I thought ; and yet it didn't seen like that. It was to* serious ; like a parting forever. ' In a little while she turned to me. She was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. ' ? Will you please open the window ?' she asked. 'I have something to throw away.' ' I did as she wished, and she scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. ?'Now that is over the rtjit will be comparatively easy she said thtis time to me. ?' 1 What will be easy,' I ventured. ' ' Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,1 she replied. 1 1 suppose I mean, life will be easier while we live, and death when wed its' 1,4 Life . Id always be easy for one as young as y.(..^clf,' I said, gallantly. ' She turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, slowly, — ' ? Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine . has been sweet, ' with an emphasis on the ?has been* 1 too sweet to last; but now — well, all will be right ia the future, I hare no fear.' And she turned away. ' After that I could only make her speak in monosyllables. ' *? 'At last that whole car full bad settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which might be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and. tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. ' There was a little, acraggly, psle Novem ber moon, which gave use s chill as I looked at it, and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought Fheard a stifled »igh~once or twice from the berth bblow'T- I evga seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. AU my tenses wen abntamftllr active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. ' When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand fight to see which of us should eave the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. ' I had important business a few Btations this side of Chicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady before I left the car. In thi morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellowpassen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had been all night, the girl had not yet appeared ; could she be ill ? I was very near my stopping-place— I could not go without saying good-by. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. ' He yrent to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around. There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash of red, but her face was like marble, her bauds were ice, and her heart— ah 1 there was no action there. She was dead ! *' By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. 'I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why she did it. I just took one long, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair ; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station.' , / The major smoked violently for a few moments. 'But where does the ghost come in?' I asked at length. ' The ghost 1' he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which 1 had never heard there before ; ' she is the ghost. Her pale face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or Jess ever sinco. I can hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, and it was fifteen years ago. There is a place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic ?tory. ' I am never on duty at night that she does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was — you will say an illusion, a fancy — I call it her ghost. ' How many .times have I wished that in some way I had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged tuat poor girl for tbe wrong he had done. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death. Per haps that is why I have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; and I saw her but cnce ; she was not even a name to me ; of herself, her character, I know nothing, and I ain called a man of the world. 14 And yet, boy,' he exclaimed, turning to me. his face gray with passion, ' I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be w-.th her — -spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should he if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting to ding soft arms about my neck, to kiss me with tendcrest lips. Forgive me, Tom : I seldom speak of my own feelings and jmotions, but perhaps now you cai faintly mderstand how much reality theie can ^be ven in a ghost.' The major had gained complete control of limself once more, and was nodding good 'mmoredly over his pipe as if romance, to men and be had always been, as they 1 1 ways would be, strangers. 