CURRENT TOPICS- Very properly Mr. Keid declined to receive, in his capacity as leader of the Opposition, tho deputation representing a section of the unemployed that wuited on him yes terday. Bat the refuenl shoald have been made before. When he was asked to receive the deputation he must surely have known that it was not as. one of the members for East Sydney that his counsel and aid were to bo sought, but as an antagonist of tho Government; fordid not his intcrviowers associate tho names of Messrs. Wise and Cabruthers with his own, and aro thoy not bitter enemies of tho Ministry? Moreover, tho meeting that appointed the deputation had previously to taking that stop passed a resolution of cen sure on the " Diubs- Barton Administra tion." Iho whole affair was indeed of such a pronounced party character that tnerewas no excuse for any intelligent person mis apprehending its meaning. Mr. Reid should havo told the people who asked him to receive the deputation that in view of the resolution passed at the meeting held ut the statue he must decline their request. In harmony with his course of political procedure since his appointment as leader of the Opposition, Mr. Reid did what bo ought not to have done. It would seem as if ha cannot tako a single step without blundering. It was natural, wo suppose, that Mr. Reid's interviewers should condemn the Ministry ; and probably thoir condemnation would havo been equally emphatic if tho Government had been in tlio habit of supplying them every day with tho best meals that a first-class restaurant could supply, together with an abundance of tobacco. People of their typo are never content. The working clashes generally are, we believe, of the opinion that the Govern ment has done its duty concerning the un employed. : — . The latest figures from the Bogan show that Mr. a'Beokktt has a majority of between eighty and ninety votes over Mr. O'Hallo- ran, and as there are only a few more re turns to come in it is assumed that Mr. a'Beckett has won the vacant seat. A telegram from tho district states that the. election is regarded as a great victory for the free-trade candidate. It iB, of course, nothing of the kind. The returns clearly prove that if the contest had boon confined to Mr. a'Bkokem and Mr. O'Halloiian the latter would have won easily. Mr. a'Bkoicett won because the protectionist vote was divided. In view of Mr. Wilkinson's action in sequestrating his estate during tho contest, it is to be regretted that he became a candidate for the seat, Mr. Ryrie no\ i r had tho ghost of a chunce of bpiug elected, and why he offered his services is a mystery. He and Mr. Wilkinson have, however, kept tho third protectionist candidate out of Parliament, and for that the Reid party will probably give them hearty thanks. One of the Sydney free-trade papers that is not con spicuous for truth-telling on political suhjeots informed ' its readers a day or two ago that Mr. Ryrie was the nominee of the Ministry. The statement was, of courso, a pure invention. In tho confliat Mr. Plummek carried the single-tax flag with the result that tho symbol was treated with ignominy. The single-tax humbug is now well under- ' stood in New Sonth Wales, and no man can get into our Parliament on that ticket. Once a considerable number ot the working classes believed that the single-taxers as a party wore the frieuds of lubor, and that if tho entire revenue of tho country woro obtained from the land employment would always bo plentiful and wageB good, but not many manual workers are now being de ceived by that nonsense. It is hardly pro bable that the single-taxers will make another attempt on tho strength of their delirious dootrine to capture a seat for the Bogan. 