Agricultural Dapranlon iwl Laii \- MM. The eternal and inexorable law that the only' price of good thinge is labor has its application to the subject of agricnltaral depression, says: President Jordan, of Leland Stanford, jun., University, in an article in a recent number of the ForumI Though the enemy has sown tares ■ in the tax laws while the farmer has slept, this alone cannot cause agricultural depression, nor can inordinate pensions, wasteful subsidies, and the tyranny of capital combined, if the farmer himself were not, in some degree, at fault. At any rate,' the remedy is in his own hands, and, while-striking a blow at the cause of he should look at himself, to see what . the blame is due to his own weakness and lack of foresight. • . The •* relentless heir’ of poverty which, Henry George says, yawns beneath civilsoeisty, is due to the presence of a horde of men who would gain something for nothing; the natural penalty for lazineBe is one of the important ele ments in oar so-called agricultural depression. A notion having been spread among country people that the dwellers in towns do not hereto work hard for a living, has caused the farmer to think he ought to take his rest, and the interest on the time thus borrowed is becoming a heavy charge. “ While crossing Indiana, on a bright, growing day in April,’, says President Jordan; “I counted forty men andboys around the rail road station at Cloverdale, where a crate of live chickens was the sole contribution to the train’s load. These were farm'boys, who ought to have been at work in the Gelds, and village boys who might have been doing some thing somewhere. These idlers on the station steps were embodied ghosts, dead to all life and hope, with only force enough to stand around and gape. At my destination I saw sixty men and boys, who had no need of cores of any kind, because they were already dead, standing-on a street corner, listening to the noisy vendor of a rheumatism cure. Host of these wero farmers, whose neglected farms lay bathed in the sunshine, the earth ready to re joice only at the touch of a hoe. Back on the old faring in New York, where I was bom, the spot which my father won from the forest, and on which he lived in freedom and independence, knowing no master, dreading no tyrant, he had poorer tools than are now used, poorer build ings, inferior facilities for transportation, lower prices, and uncertain markets: Still he knew nothing of agricultural depression. When crops were small, and prices low, he simply worked the harder, I Gnu on that farm, to-day, tenants who barely make a living. I find un praned fruit trees, wasted forest trees, broken waggons—evidences of wasted time and un thrifty labour.” j An old woman in Tennessee expressed a great economic truth in these words: “Poorfolks has poor ways.” If a man spend a day in the harvest time in efforts to send a fool to the Legislature, or a knave to Congress, should he complain if the laws the fools and knaves moke add to his own taxeB ? Who but he is to blame if the laws ostensibly made in his interest simply shift the burden from one of his shoulders to the other V If be stand all day in the public square, spellbound by a tramp with an accor dion, or, still worse, if bo lounge about on the sawdust floor of a saloon, talking the vile staff we agree to call “politics,” never reading a hook, never thinking a thought above the level of the sawdust foor, need he be surprised if his opinions do not meet with respect ? It is not cheaper money the farmer needs, but dearer men ; men whose time is money, and whose labor is worth the labor of other men; men who know how to do the best thing in the best way, and can thereby do their part in alleviating “ industrial de pression.” A busy man the oldtime farmer was; and being busy, he found time for every thing. He read bound books; he enjoyed the leasurcs of travel; he educated his family ; he ept intelligent watch on all the affairs of the day. He did not find time to stand on the station steps, in the middle of the afternoon, to watch a thousand trains go by, on a thousand consecutive days. He carried no handicap load of tobacco and whisky. He went to the country seat when he had business there; he went with clean clothes, and came hack with a clean conscience. -.-He had not time to.spend each seventh day on the court house-square, talking the dregs of scandal and politics. cart ol 