REMINISCENCES OF THE THEATRE. The theatre has received a threefold baptism of lire, for as 44 The Prince of Wales" it had already been burned down twice. Seventeen years ago, when the present theatre was built, after a lapse of two years, it was opened by Miss Adelaide Bowriug in a play called 44 Daisy Farm," and since then ithass-een many a famous perform ance of every kind within the range of tiic drama. No one knows the story of the theatre so well as Alderman Rainford, who was stage manager and prompter of it (or rather of the theatres on that spot) for nearly 23 years, and the first stage manager it over had under the lessoeship of Mr. S. Lazar. Iu his time Mr. Rainford lias seen some, notable actors and actresses cither at Lhe Brince of Wales or the Kovnl. a list of udmse ns m<>v might almost stand us the glory roll of the British stage for the period in which they lived. 4' Walter Montgomery — the great Montgomery— played there," Mr. Rainford thought at first, 44 incomparably the finest Hamlet I ever saw. Charles Koan per formed at the Victoria — uot so great in Hamlet, hut remarkably line iu 4 Louis XL' And yet I think Slmridau was even a finer Louis than Kean, for he had the strength that Kean lacked in the strong scenes. My memory is not infallible, but I be lieve there were also Barry SulliVan, who was hest in Richard lJl.,and J. i>. Howe, great in the same part, who opened in 4 Tho : Huguenots.' Brooke was never at llmt ' theatre; lie played at the Opera House iu : York-street." Among other actors who ! occupied the theatre are such celebrities as Charles Matthews, Charics Young, Cres- wick, Talbot, (who played Sir Perlinax Mac Sycophant in Macklin's 44 The Man of the World"), Willliam Andrews, J. J. Bartlett, j K Ivnonc!). ( u l-Yit /. ') f !i'i !!.»» ( 'r»i II till JI iwJ ; IL R. Garwood (who combined with the Lite Richard Stewart, sen. , in a great pro- : ductiou of " Alter Dark"), Genevieve Ward, ! Mrs. .Scott Siddons, Ada Ward, supported j by <4\. D. Ghapiin, 11. E. Walton (opening iu | ,lTheTw<> Rose.; Grattan Riggs, Florence Colvillo, Eleanor Garey, Maggie Burton, Louise Pomeroy, .Mis. Robert Heir, Minnie Palmer, Garrio Swain, Myra Kemble, the Majeronis, Jennie lace, Augusta Dargon, Wyberl Reeve ami over so many others, llere also a not aide amateur performance was given, in which- Lord Glutrlcs Bercsford and the Hon. Elliott- York took part, while the Duke of Edinburgh occupied a stage box. ; ; Lacking the name of William Hopkins no list of Australian theatrical celebrities would be complete. Mr. Iloskins was seen at the Theatre Royal in some of his best im personations, probably as Dr. Panglo, :s, Puff, Kiciielku and oilier parts. Mr. Rainford remember;; too how H. N. Douglas, tin? colonial actor who promi.-w.l so well, played 1 ii'.ijiiel at tho Royal for his benefit, with Huskies as '.lie Ghost. George Rignold, celebrated as the hand -.ouie Ucnrj V., began a .Sydney season, Mr. J. C. Williamson was lir-.t seen in ".Struck Oil" and Dion Boueieaiilt played Mylcs na Coppa- loou in hia own drama 44 Tho Colleen Bawn"' at this theatre. Bandmann, the fretful tragedian, is identified with the Royal, and among others of uoto who have been seen there are Sain. Emery, the Dickens comedian; Joseph Jefferson, the great Rip Van Winkle; and J. L. Hall, a comedian of rare ability. Mr. Rainford can remember also a performance of 44 The Ticket of Leave Man," in which lie played Lancashire Bob Briefly, Miss Annie Taylor Sam Willooghby, Mr. Tithermlge Jim Dallon and Miss Blanche Stammers May Edwards. Mr. Darrell occupied the theatre with several performances of hia Australian drama. Mr. Bland Holt played in- it many years ago, and again recently, but Mr. Claranoe Ilolt showed at the old Victoria, where, so far as is remembered, Charles Wheatleigh, the Irish comedian, performed, and Ilistori, whom Mr. Rainford pronounces ainqo 1 U) ui o«l\v ill illy HtC. Later performers of fame at the Royal will be well enough remembered, Sarah Bern hardt, Mrs. Bernard Beere, Toole, Charles Warner, Fred Leslie, Nellie Farrcn, Mrs. Brown Potter and others, . Mr. Rainford is a very clover stage ; manager, but a dangerous man, if there is anything in coincidences. The Princo of Wales and the Victoria Theatres were both burned down while ho was in the manage ment. Tho Prince of Wales ami Victoria Tneatres were destroyed immediately after rehearsals, over which Mr. Rainford pre sided, and as on Thursday he conducted a rehearsal at the Royal of 44 The Wreck of the Argosy" by 350 school children (who were lo have performed the cantata this day week), Mr. Rainford has been iu at the death : once again. The arm of coincidence is long. 