THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach, aid a wealtlw American recently. . Now, a mil lion dollars (L200.000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article even at tbat nricn. Mr Thomas Gaakin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Dar- ley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, be ing a gardener, but be was ready enough to give all be bad for one thing he hadn't got. Here is his story, and he shall tell it in bis own way. Mr Gaakin goes on to say ; " Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hour's work through sickness. In December, 1882, whilst living a Bceston, ne >r Notti igham, my appetite feii away, I had dreaaiul pain af er eitiug, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slime, the latter ho thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my fingers. My chest need to ' fill up' and my throat would swell so I couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, ch efly a yellowish green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would strain till 1 bled at the nose, and the blood rushed out of my ears, I became exhausted, and sh rt of breath and bad to call the doctor, and was : in bed five or six weeks. -"I then went as out-patient to the Nottingham hospital, arid after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Deriry. I found, however, that all the , beds in tne hospital were full, and I saw my club doctor ana a so two doctors at Derby. The first ' one said, ' You are in a galloping consumption, and tnnat die ; the ether doctors after sonnding my longs and chest, 'Baid nothing, bnt shook their heads.', , " Getting a trifle better my old master allowed me to do what little I could in his gardens and grounds ; and some days I worked a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until December, 1888, when I caught cold, '< pofc VAT-IP nknpf. ftf hrAftfh- tsnrl Lvnlpo 4nu/m onm. pletely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlegm sometimes as much as a teacupful a once, and was af aid to go to sleep for fear thet phlegm would choke me. At this time the whites ' of mj eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were blood shot. My lips and mouth were dry and I often broke out into a cold clammy sweat. &ly; tongue was like apiece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. Host over a stone weight in three tveeks. "I managed to get np for a few hoars at a time but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired : and weary, and sitting or lying, was ne/tr at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to read I often sat for honrs looking at my hands — nothing but skin and bone, and was so nervons I couldn't hear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset me. " The doctor kept on attending me, hut be said, 'I can do you no goad ; 1 can onW patch you up, because your lungs are diseased. I thou gave over taking his medicine and tried everything I could hear of. One thing was a cough cure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did any good, and my friends who came to see me said, " Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' " About the middle of March, 1889, a neighbour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, did you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup V and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so inuch in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr Smith's Stores n Victoria-street. After the first dose I.hadan evacuation blaek as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept dawn, and in a few dayB more I was able to go out for a short walk. By the ?nd of a fortnight 1 went to see my master, who asked what hadwtought the improvemeut, and i told him, as I tell every one, that Mother Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and have never lost a day's work since, "Of course my strength did not return ail at once, but after taking Seigrl's Syrup for six months 1 was strong as.ever in my life and have continued bo ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarKable statement, Mr oaskin requests - ns to refer all doubters to him or to Mr Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey, who is acquainted with all the facts alleged. Mr Ga-kin his lived at Darley Abbey 22years and bears an excellent re putation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered? Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), or he would have galloped in o his grave in Jess than three months, instead of growing worse for sev.-n years. His complaint was chrome inflammatory dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung symp toms like consumption, for which it is so often igntr antly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seigel's Syrup, was used the diseage yie ded, as all diseases of the ' digestive tract' do yield to that magsifioent preparation. We heartily congratulate 11 r' (joskin on his re covery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 