Why. Did Se Love- oer? CHAPTER XXXII (Continued). "Ha I Miss Carrie, you here? but I sop pose the news of last night's escapade brought you over. I hope my patient knows nothing of the affair, for 1 am told he was opposed to the marriage. I can't see why, for Philip Vane is an elegant and clever young fellow, and the heiress hasn't made such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind ,was probably no clearer onthat score than on others, or he would not have opposed her wishes." "I cannot :agree with you, doctor. I think the objections of Mr. Fontaine were well founded," she coldly replied. "I did not come over on Savella's account, but to remove Isola to the Vale. I am sorry to say that she has been attacked by illness, brought on, it seems, by the scent of the fresh paint upon the house. Mr. Summer ton gave her such remedies as he consi dered necessary, and she is much better; but I shall be glad if you will go up and see her before you leave." " Of course; such oases are not unoom mon;and Isola has a very sensitive tem* perament. But I must first go in and see how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy hallu cination he labours under, and I almost despair of dispelling it." " Is it even so ?" said Miss Carleton, with a slight shudder. "Is there no hope for him ?" " I can see none, for there is a cause for the spectral illusion in this case-a fatal cause, which medical skill can never re move." Their eyes met, and both felt that the other knew what the dire cause was. hoe presently asked: " Can I not see him ? I do not wish to speak with him ; only to look upon him and form my own judgment as to his condition.'d " I can easily manage that for you. Pass through this window, and remain in the library while I am with him in his own apartment. I have had a curtain placed in front of the door 'to conceal the person who watches near him, as it made him ir ritable to have some one always in sight. You can shelter yourself behind it and look on him while lie talks with me." While he was speaking the doctor opened the blind and threw up the sash of the win dow. Cwsar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and a look of intense surprise as he recognised .liss Carleton. Shemotioned to him to re main silent, and passed with the physician towards the heavy folds of damask that swept to the floor. Dr. Sinclair lifted them aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such a position as to enable her to look into Fon taine's apartment without being herself seen. He was sitting with his face turned to ward her, holding a fragment of paper in his hands, which he nervously turned from side to side, rolling it up and smoothing it out alternately, as if unconscious of what he was doing. The crimson cushions of the large chair on which he sat threw out his statuesque head, with its clearly cut features, now nearly as colourless as marble itself. His large black eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had in them the same wild, unsettled expres sion they had worn on that last morning at the Vale ; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. . When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural voice: "Let me grasp your hand, doctor, to con vince myself that you are real. I am so haunted by phantoms that I cannot distin guish flesh and blood from them unless I touch it." "I, at all events, am a substantial en tity, Fontaine, and I never intend to visit any of my friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filmy friends multiplied ? At first it was only one that visited you." " Yes," he mysteriously replied; " he has brought others with him. lie was the dead demon; but he has called others to aid him in his work of torture. He has brought up Banquo's ghost, with those that came to Richard III. the night before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into the days of antiquity and summoned that gob lin grim who stood beside the couch of Brutus and said, ' Meet me at Phillippi I' Ah I it was death that met him there; but my familiar gives me no such welcome warning." " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine ? You have much to live for," was the sooth ing reply. " Much, much-yes, I comprehend that; yet it would be a mercy to me to die. If I could wipe this red stain from my hand, I might clasp one that could drive every evil from me; but it deepens, it darkens with every hour, doctor, Oh ! murder is a fear ful crime; and he who commits it merits death. I had rathcrpay that penalty than live the life to which I amn doomed." "Then you are tired of being shut up here ? If you wish it, I will permit you to walk out out daily. You need not go be yond your own grounds." Fontaine slowly shook his head. "No, Sinclair; I will not make a speo tacle of myself to my own people. Besides, the phantom forbids that; he is standing between us now, and he frowns even at the proposal from you. Noo-tthese rooms shall become my living grave for I will not go beyond them." " We shall see when the spring weather comes. .It is cold now, and it is well for you to stay in doors." "Once I breasted the storm and defied "be wind;now I am as a reed shaken by its faintest breath. Sinclair, who is behind that curtain? I feel a presence there that wafts sweetness and comfort to me. Who is it?"' He hall arose as if to approach the shaded door, but the physician placed his hand upon his arm, and said: "A friend of yours is there, but she did not intend to intrude upon you. Would it please you to sea her ? You are so calm to day that I think her visit will not harm you." Fontaine sank back, and in an excited whisper said: "Bringherinl Iknow-I know who it must be.!' r. Blolairwent to the eartala, drew it aide,.and led forward the woman who had watched and listened with her heart upon. her lips. Fontaine advanced to meet her with his usual stately elegance, hot when she offered him her cold hand, he rapidly drew her toward him, and pressed her to his breast and said: ' You have come to the lost one, Carrie You might have saved me, if I dared to lay. the burden of my sin upon -your innocent heart. But I could not-I could not; and and now I am demon-haunted, while my angel is far from me. Ah I there it is now -gliding between us with its deadly breath -chilling me to the heart." His arms dropped down suddenly, and he tottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinclair hastened to support him to his seat, and after a few moments he became more com posed. Miss Carleton gently asked: "Is there no other one you would like to sec, Mr. Fon taine One you have dearly loved would be made happy by being admitted into your presence again." He regarded her vacantly, and seemed to be considering the meaning of her words. Presently he pressed his hand to his head and said: " Yes, yes-I remember. I called her my child; I loved her as such ; but the demon forbids me to do so any longer. He com mands me not to look upon her, and I dare not disobey him. But you can take my place. Take Isola to your heart, Carrie Carleton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as she might have been to me, but for this cruel, cruel persecution. I cannot see her agaiti; her presence is op pressive to me ; and-and--now even yours is becoming so. There stands the phantom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or he may gain the same diabolioal power over you that he has over me." He put up his hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from the physician Miss Carleton glided from the apartment, carrying with her the painful fear that Claude Fontaine's mind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brief znote to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of affairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing as she might require during her stay. The carriage was sent back with this: and unable to remain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed crushihg her to the earth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into the grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. She spent many hours in this bitter struggle with herself, and more than once the cry came to her lips : " Oh, would that the right was mine to be near him for ever-for over!" OHAPTER XXXIII. NEWS FROM OEOsGE. As the dinner hour drew near, Mlies Carleton returned to the house and went up to Isola's room. She found her sitting tip in bed, while she read George Berkely's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourless face, and her eyes sparkled with her usual animation. Miss Carleton had recovered outward composure, and with her usual affectionate kindness she said: " I see that you are agreeably employed, so I will leave you to the enjoyment of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see you before he loft. I suppose lie has been up." "Yes--he came with Mr. Summerton; bnt I was sleeping so soundly that they did not arouse me. The Sonora was hero just now, and told moin that he said I had been extremely ill, but 1 am now doing well." "He approved of Mr. Summetton's treat ment" . " Yes, entirely." d This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears she felt in spite of the solicitude of the Italian for Isola's re covery. She lingered long enough to ar: range her dress, and then left the girl to read again tbs letter which contained so much that was precious to her. During the months that had elapsed since the departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as her future companion for life. All his true qualities arose before her in vivid contrast of Philip, and the warm friendship she had cherished for George assumed the hue of love. She felt that she could implicitly trust that honest nature, efid give him that entire respect without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus " St. Petersburg, " November, 15, 18 "My Beloved Isola:-Your precious letter has just reached me. It gives me the right to address you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her wings in the nest it shall be my sweetest care to prepare for her. " My darling, I am happy, for I know that you would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendef ness had not opened for me. I will prove myself worthy of it, Isola, and I feel the sweet assurance that I can make your hap piness, as you will mine, in the future which looms beforeme bathed in the rosy hues of love. "But I must not fill my letter with pro. testations which you do not need, to assure you of the depth of my affection for you. That, you know, is indestructible as life itself. I havebecome that important per sonage to the home. circle he has left bo hind him--a travellerin foreign lands; and my communications will have especial in terest from a country so little known to ' outside barbarians,' as Russia ! therefore I must endeavour to maintain the character of an intelligent observer. "I have now been in St. Potersburg several weeks, and we have weather to which our keenest mountain breeze is corm parative summer. "Our ambassador has been received by the Emperor, .and his subordinates have, with him, attended a court ball. There I hadthohonour of an introduction to the the grandest lookingman I have ever seen. " Nicholas is a magnmficent man, and as courteous as he is handsome. He was sur rounded by a brilliant group of officers who had distinguished themselves in his ser rice. "Among them was a stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first mo ment my eyes.fell on him. I cannot tell why this was, for he was not more striking' in his appearance-than many others near him. He was a middle-aged man, wvith hair sprinkled with grey, and the expression of; one who:has suffered wrong, hardship, and disappointment; all of which had booeen merged in the-philosophio determination to makeothe mostof.what Heaven spared from the wreoked, hopes, he had left scattered upon his life-path. "I inquired who he was, and learned that he is an Italian of the name of Feon tani, who for many years has been in the employment of the Emperor as an engineer. His services have been rewarded with the title of Baron and a large estate near Mos cow; and the decorations he wore bore wit ness to tne triumphs he has gained. But he soon retired from the gay scene, in which he only appeared at the command of his master. " It would fill up my letter to describe to you the magnificence of the scene on this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illumi nated with radiance, and filled with a crowd of lovely and richly-dressed women, at tended by cavaliers in brilliant court cos tume. "It was late when we made our cong6; in my sleigh was Charles Brineley, my fel low attach6, and myself; the night was en chanting; the moon was shining with a lustre that rendered every object visible, and we sped over the snow-clad earth with the velocity of the wind. At a sudden turning, our sleigh came in contact with another approaching from the opposite di rection. The collision was so violent that one of our horses fell in the traces; but the fiery steeds of the other sleigh swerved to one side, dashed forward, evidently unman ageabloe by the driver, who had been par taking too freely of the strong waters to which his countrymen are much ad. dicted. "A gentleman attempted to spring out, but caught his foot in the leopard skin with which the sleigh was lined, and fell inl such a position as so be in danger of having his brains dashed out by the horses. I sprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and suc ceeded in holding them in till Briusley and the driver could come to my assistance. " The check enabled the prostrate man to recover his footing and extricate himself from his perilous position. He spoke to the horses, and they stood docile and obe dient to his voice. He thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that we should accept seats in his vehicle since ours was disabled. He said: SI an Baron Foutani, and I ali on my way to the palace to lay before the Em peror some despatches which have just ar rived; but I pledge myself not to detain you many moments, and I will then set you down at your own hotel.' SOf course we accepted his offer; and taking the reins in his own hands, the Baron bade his driver remain with ours and aid him in every possible manner. "After a brief interview with the Czar, lihe returned to us, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from me he gave Iime his card, and requested ume to call on him dn the following day. I, of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. " At as early an hour as I hoped to find himn free to receive friendly calls, I went to his palace. lie met rice with his kindness; was pleased to exaggerate the service I had rendered him, and showed as much interest in niy allairs as if ho h?il been a friend of long standing. "The Baron informed me that in his youth ihe had travelled in the United States. Many portions of the country in terested him deeply, especially the moun tain scenery of my native state, with which he seemed familiar. He shllowed me ' Jeff erson's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and I discovered that Ihe understands Eng lish, though at first he spoke to rme in French. "He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased fromt a wandering artist ; and among them I found a picture of the Vale, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the latter, and said: " * I was induced to talke that because the name is so nearly my own. Do you know of such a place in your native State?' "I told him all about the place and the connection between its owner and my family. I cannot describe to you the in terest with which he listened. Ile inquired about Mr. Fontaine-his habits, his peculi arities; and when I had finished my de scription, he said: "' From your account of him, one would think this man a king among his peers. How is it that he has never married ?" " I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as* the pro bable cause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: "' Is there no other cause for that sad ness? It seems to me that the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphiere, and surrounded, as you say he is, by kind and steadfast friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' "' IHe had much to sadden his youth,' I told him; but tihe Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad story about HIenry Fontaine. When I had finished, he said: If your friend was guiltless in that allair, why should the cherish tie feelings you have described ? I am afraid there is a dark stain on tie ermine of his robe, spotless as you would have me believe it.' "Forgive ime, Isola, for repeating his words to you, for we know how pure, how noble Mr. Fontaine is-how far above any temptation to crime, and such crime as this I " I speedily disabused my new friend of this idea; but he has shown tice interest hIe takes in tihe subject by frequently referring to it when we meet, and thie mystery of Henry Fontaine's fate seems to possess as strong an attraction for him as it could for the nearest friend of your father. " I have not yet told him of you. I do nuotknow what feeling witlhheld me ; but I am a jealous miser, who hoards his lhappi ness in his own heart as too sacred to be shared by othlers; for in this I am not ex pansive enoughl to make the idol whlose shrine is in my inmost heart visible to those around me. To the working-day world I give my energies; to you, the consecrated dreamssof love and hope. "I have a miuiature of you which I pilfered from Fanny, and in mry solitary hourse it is miy constant companion. I yearn to rolurn to you, to claim you as my own for ever, but my friends would, not ap prove of it just now; so I must curb my imipatience, and prove myself worthy of the happiness that awails me. " Adieu, my precious love; lot your heart rest on me in.perfoct trust, for in life 'and .death I am yours alone. '. GsonoE BEnReLy." Isola folded her letter, and laid it upon her pillow, with a sweet smile upon hier lips. She felt that her haven of rest was almost gained; that George would take her to his noble heart and shield her from the storms of life. There was now but one shadow on ,bus' path; the sad condition of her beloved pro tector; but she cherished the hope that'lfn' timeshe would be restored to her, vigorous in mind and strong in health, as .before this strange attack of illness. Again shi fell into that balmy sleep which. brings healing on its wings. Summerton : had. given her some renovating drops, which seemed to act as a veritable elixir on hlie exhausted system, and with every passing hour she felt its reviving influence. . :, So rapidly had they counteracted thse effect of the poison she had taken that, when Dr. Sinclair came up to see her, hep. had not been able to detect any tracees of, the deadly potion she had.swallowed. Hei had accepted Sunlmerton's account of the cause of her illness as the truth, and asi;. sured him that he had done everything that', the most competent skill could have accrni plished. Thie oi-distant clergyman accepted the' physician's compliments with an air of_" mnodest deprecation ; he declared that his? practical knowledge of medicine was trifling;, but his skill as a chemist was great; that he understood the.conmposition of every d leterious agent which could enter the human traine, therefore lie could readil) apply the antidote to tile subtle poisons which are sosmetimes inhaled with the. breath of life. With a high opinion of his abilities, Dr. Sinclair recosmmended Fontaine to his con stant care during Ihis own absenco, and de.*} parted, glad to leave so able a coadjutor to look after his patient. CHIAPTERL XXXIV. THE SCHIEsIEmis AT WOcK. A messenger had been despatcled to DI)unlora to iniquire concernillng Philip and the mlissing lheiress, alnd when they were expected to return. As he was about to rise fronl the dinner-table, a letter from Mr. Vane, addressed to Sumnlmerton, was brought in. lie hastily opened it, and read the following linlies: " Mi. S. u lnuEi?rox - Sir,-I have the' honour to inform you that your inference with regard to Miss Fontaino is correct. She left her lolme unllder the protection of illy sonl, ind by the time this reaches you she will doubtless be hiis wife. They will cosme to I)llunlore on their returnl, as at pre sent I fear La Fontaine would be too .warm a place for thcn to find themselves com fortable in), although it is winter weather. IIowever, I hope this event will not long cause you to think, with the immnlortal hard, ' Tlis is the winter of mily discontent,* for I assure both yourself and tile respected aunt of mly daughter in-law that my son will prove to you both as good a friend as you have everipossessed. " Yar course is evidently to submit gracefully to what you no longer can pre. vent, and to mnake things smooth and har mnonious for the advent of Philip among you as the fiture llaster of La Fontaine. With profound respect, I am yours to com mand, This pompous and offensive effusion was. read by Sumnerton in silence, and than handed over to Sonora Iloselli. She glanced over it, and then, with flushed cheeks and flashing eyes, read it aloud to Miss Carleo ton, commnlenting upon it as she proceeded. Slie finally said, with a hysterical laugh: " You see for yourself how much forbear ance Mr. Fontaine has to expect, for this old stupid speaks already of his son as master here. I suppose it is his intention to rule us all right royally, and we are ex pected to bow submissively before the au thority of the young sultan Savella has been fool enough to make the ruler of her fate." "TThis letter is certainly not that of well-bred man, though I have hitherto ri-": garded Mr. Vane as such," said Miss Carle ton. " But you have one consolation, madam: if Philip proves a disagreeable in mate, you can leave the house, which he will probably look on as his own, till Mr. Fontaine is again in a condition to assert his own authority." " Thal I will never do !" she said, almost rudely. " This is my home, and'I have at least as good a right to it as that handsome popinjay. I have had the care of Savella from her infancy, and she shall not now cast me off, even if she is wrought on to consider sle a burden. I don't intend to be thrust aside, I can tell you that." "Of course you understand your own affairs best," said Miss Carleton, rising. " I do not presiume to give advice to one so competent to take care of herself as you are. I will now go up to Isola," and she left the roonm. The Sonora and Summerton went to gather into the sitting-room, which they now had entirely to themselves; but when together, they never spoke in English ; if anything was accidentally overheard by the servants, that domestic police, which is always on the alert, they could under stand nothing. Perhaps that was one canuse of the intense disgust felt by thie house servants toward the "furrin trash," as they called them when speaking among themseolves, though from this sweeping con dennation they excepted their master's niece. She was a Fontaine, and, of course, she must he vastly sllperior to the " S'nory and dat Sum'tan," as the two were called by the negroes on the plantation. Sumnlerton closed the door carefully, and curtly aslked: " Have you decided to take miy advice ? Does not this absurd letter clearly show you what are tile expectations of those people? I slloulldn't wonder if old Vane and Iris silly wife were looking forward to oslablitsishig thelsehl:es here permnanently." ", There is no danger of that, and I will soonl give 'Phlilip Vano to understand that if he is nominsally miaster Ihere, I am really mistress. VWhen lie revolts, it will then be time enough to drive the goad into him. At first he mayhave some scruples as to carry ing out our plans, but alter enjoying the sweets of possession a short time, I mis take him greatly if he will lnot concede to any terms that will enable him to retain the wealth for which lie has sold himself." "Then you will receive them with cour tesy? You will not fly like a tigress at Savella when sils returns with her hand some purchase "' " No; that would be folly now. Wemust tolerate tihe airs of the new prince till we have him in our power, and Savella may have her swing for a few weeksa-perhaps longer; but if she abuses her liberty- if she Lady: "I wish you could call at tise office of Mr. Oldr?,cl, contrive to have soel6 conversation with the venerable goentliuan, and so far as you are able oxanlino ilito hlis physical condition. I desire to ulow hlow long he is likely to live." Physician : -" Cor. tainly. Aro you his wife ?" Lady: "No, but I have a ohane to be." turns a cold shoulder to use, I will sum. marilyput her down. You will sea." He shrugged his shoulder. "Yes, I shall see a regular set-to between you, for Savella has too much of your temper for her good. However, I shall be by to make peace, and dictate conditions which shall be for our benefit you may be sure; far now our interests are at war with here." " Oh I if we could only have kept her free till Fontaine was out of the way," she said inia tone of suppic'sed rage. "Tihen we could have turned the estate into money; have gone back to Italy, and lived in oplen dour; but this sellish and ungrateful girl has overturned all our plans." " We may be able to accomplish that yet. Leave Vane to me; I shall manage him without much trouble. IIe can do what we dared not attempt. I will make him sue the estate for arrears, and grasp the whole, from which he shall pay us what I may choose to denmand for keeping back what would ruin him. I begin to see that, after all, it isn't so bad a thing for eus that Sa. ivella has taken her fate into her own hands. He is a poor schenmer who cannot turn every chance to his own advantage." "If you make anything out of this alere apropos elopement, you will prove yourself a modern Machiavel," shle spitefully re plied.. " Savella is not so near to you as she is tonne, or you would not so coolly make up your mind to the fate she has chosen for herself." "Perhaps not," he indifferently replied. "Yet, I-think, a little rleflection will teach you that I have done more to advance her interest than you, or any one else. Sine this marriage has tak?o.place we must rte concile ourselves to it as well as we omay. There are other means of inlulencing people besides fear, and if we can gain our ends without a family quarrel it will be best on many accounts." The Senora reluctantly acquiesced in this sensible view of the case, and after some further consultation, Sunomerton s, St down and wrote the followieng reply to Mr. Vane, while the Senors retired to lher own room for the purpose of inditing an epistle to her runaway niece. Smn,-Your letter has beeoon received, and I write to assure you that no obstacle will be thrown in the way of Snvella's return to the home which is rightfully her own. In fluenced by the opposition of Mr. Fontaine to the union of his niece to your son, Se nora Itoselli and myself did everything in our power to prevent the marriage which has taken place in so disgracefully clandes tine a manner. " It we had known how irrevocable was the determination of Savella to blreeome the wife of Mr. Philip Vane, we would have consented to her union with her lover, an avoided incurring the scandal which shle has brought upon herself, and all connected with her, by the course she has pursued. "Of course, both her aunt and myself fieel this keenly, for we only endeavoured to perform our duty by preventing Savella from disobeying the express coommands of her uncle. She has banlled us. Mr. Fion taine is in no condition to oppose the re s-eption of thle young people hero, and through you we tender thlem an invitation to come to La Fontaino as soon after their arrival at Dunelora as may be agreeable to themselves. " ,Family jars are best comented as soon a'posesible, and to your son personally we ?an have no objection. lie is a very ele gant:and attractive young man, and I trust .hat he and Savella will find that happine!ss piritual guardian and best friend, daily ayhe Giver of all good to shower down Sher. S " espettnflly yours, STnoou.s SUMMEore roN. With this hypocritical effusion, Sonora Roselli sent one, which ran thees: '-Come back to ome, Savella, for my heartis half broken by your desertion. At the intercession of Mr. Summerton I have forgiven you, and you can return with your husband to La Fontaine without ]reading reproaches from me. It is now too late to utter them, and I feel that perhaps I have already indulged myself in too many. " You know, Savolla, that my affection .for'you must lead me to forgive everything; that I'an even embrace the object of your choice, 'much as I have hitheorto opposed thise marriage. Say to Mr. Vane that I can pardon him for taking you from me, if he will only make you happy. \- "Your affectionate, though deeply afflicted aunt, " BlAseA Roseeoro."' These letters were intended to be sent at'once to Dunlora, but in a fit of absent mindedness, Summerton dropped them into the post-bag, and they were taken to Lynchburg, mailed there, and after the lapse of several days reached those for whom;they wore intended. Savella, in her now happiness, gave little thoulght to those shee had left behind her. ·S1ol was not troubled with sentiment, and if-the angry image of her aunt in. truded; she dismissed it with the thought that she need give herself no further trouble concerninsg her; for with Philip to protect her, wealthl at hler own command, she could suiely rid herself of this incubus upon her life. In truth, Savella was heartily weary of the subjugation in which shle had boon hold from her earliest recollection, and the most clearly dolined wvishl of her heart was to emancipate herself entirely from the control of bothl the Senora nend Summer ton ; for since he assuemed tlhe olice of her tutor,.he-had tyrannised over her nearly as mnuch aS'her relative. Philipwaitod withl some anxiety for an invitation to La Fontaine. Withlout it he could not vwell ,enter the place as master and establish himself, as he folly intended, at his ease.ss Since hle lad sold himself for a inmoss of pottage, hle was resolute thlat it shoeild be rendered to hine to the last orumb, and he greedily listened to Savolla when ehe spoke of tile accumulated debt whichlB Suimmerton hlad assured hler was justly due to her from her uncle. Philip already know ae much fromn the lips of Fontaine himself, and he mentally oalculatedcihow large a sum would be ne cessary to ,maintain the master he was about to dispossess in e private mnad- houeso. He intended~to inaugurate a style of hoe pitallty at La Fonteine far more magnifl cent than anything hlithlerto known in the valley, and the.prosonce of an insane man would.be too great a drawback on his plea. seuro to be tolerated a day longer than he possessed th?'' ower to rid hlimself of it. As the bestower of all this he felt grate. fnl to Savella, and his apparent devotion rendered her the happiest of mortals. Philip, her best-beloved, her king, was everything to her, and his parents con gratulated each other that her blind devo tion to their son would induce her to yield the entire control of her fortune to him. Cards had been sent out for a reception at Dunlora before the return of the bridal pair, and Mrs. Vane had taken precaution to order a dress for Savella suitable to the occasion. She appeared in white lace over satin, adorned with the same pearls her mother.in-law had dnce designed as a gilt to Isola. Invitations were sent to La Fontaine and the Vale; but from neither house came a token that they had been received. All the other families of note in the valley thronged to Dunlora on the appointed even ing, and the newly-wedded pair might have been cotasoled for the neglect of their nearest friends by the congratulations and compliments lavished upon them. With the halo of her new happinese around her, Savella looked almost radiant, and Philip could never be less than pro eminent in grace and beauty over every one brought in comparison with him. He was in the gayest spirits, and the guests de parted from thie feast satisfied that the match was a most suitable one, and could not fail to prove fortunate. The next morning Philip said to hiswife I " I suppose the people at La Fontaine mean to out us altogether. IRather a cool proceeding on their part, considering the position they hold as dependents upon us; eh, Savella!" She laughed as she replied: "It's lucky that my aunt did not hear you say that, caro mioe. Stie would have been tempted to Ily at you, and shake you, and pull your hair, as slse used to do with me, till I grow strong enough to fight my own battles." Philip was fastidious, and hie regarded the speaker with a horrified expression. " Savella I you cannot be in earnest. You have never really fought witll your aunt ?" "Of course I have ; would you have had me to submit to be bulleted att her will when I had lingers and nails, with strength enough to use them ? But you need not look so-so I scarcely knoow how; for she has treated tme with more respect since I have been declared an heiress. Of late, sihe has only lashed me with her tongue, but that has all the venom of a scorpion." " My poor girl," he tenderly said, " I. must try to make up to you the adnt treat ment you have so long oerne, by being doubly tendler to you. But if your aunt is such a female fury, how ani 1 to get along with her? I will never bear her taunts to you, if she attempts to litter them, now you are my wife ; nor will I submit to be scolded by her myself." "You may as well prepare yourself for the infliction, for you will have to iear it, Philip. I call suggest but one remedy-" "And what is that, my angel ?" "Get rid of her. XYes-send both her and Mr. Sumsimerton back to Europe, for I shall never feel that I am really my own mistress till they are gone." " My dearest Savella, you give, alme new life!" was the delighted response. "I have thought of this, but I did not believe you would consent to it. The Senora lias so long had the charge of you that I feared you would be unwilling to part with her." " Before I knoew and loved you, perhaps I might have been, but you sullice to tme now, Phliip. My aunt wishes to return to her own country; site had seine absurd vision of taking me there to marry me to a nobleman, but I have found my prince here, and I wish him to reign over my heritage without being interfered with by others. Give themn enough to live on com fortably in Italy, and both shie and Mr. Sumnmerton will gladly go back again." "I will provide liberally for your aunt, but it seems to mie that the tutor has no claim on you Ieyond the paymenlt of the salary agreed on between lhimself and Mr. Fontaine for teaching you what I fancy you seldom learned." " His ollice of late has been rather a sine cure, but that was not as inuch his fault as mine. I was tired of lessons, and I evaded them wheonever I had all excuse to do so. I don't understand the bond between the two, but I warn you that if you expect to deal effectively with Senora iloselli, you must include Mr. Summertosn in the bargain." " I had no idea that your aunt was so pious as'to require tie serviei of a domes. tic chaplain," replied Philip, with a scarcely repressed sneer. " I will feel my ground, and if it proves indispensable to pension him too, I suppose I amust do it to get you all to myself, may precious wife." Am I really precious to you, Philip? Do youl love ise as the one desire ofyour heart, even as I do you ? Somletimes I am afraid that tile very excess of my love may cool yours." " If it does, Savella, I should prove my self the most ungrateful of men. My dear girl, I owe you too much ever to underrate you, I assulo you." "Don't speak of debt to ine, Philip. I will have nothing like hargain and trade in so divine a thing as love. Ours is a thing apart from worldly considerations, and I will not have you talk of wealth I can boe stow on you in that style. What is mine is yours to do with as yon please." "You are tile dearest and Imost disin terested creature ill tile world," said Phi lip, with esnthousinni, and Savella raised her love-lit eyes to his with an expression of perfect trust that touchedl hilm, and tlmade him s think that the wohld endeavosr to Ibe all to hier that salo so confidingly expected. He presently recurred to the topic witls which tile conversation hlad opened. "I cannot undeorstand tle tactics of itse Sonora. I begin to thinkl I lhad better ride over to La Fontaine and see how things are going on myself." "I do not wilsh you to do that, for if my aunt is not proepared to receive you as my husband lse mIight give you a specimen of her temper that would not prepossess you in her favour. Mr. Summierton has great influence with hier, and he has judgment enough to comptrelhend that their authority over me is at an end. They both know very well that without your consent they cannot maintain their position at La Fon taine, and if you give them time to get over their first wrath, they will do what is right. I am very happy here; happier tihan I have ever been before in my lilfe 'if Dunlora is not as grand a place as my uncle's, it is to me a far more agreeable one."' While she was speaking, a servant came in bringing an open letter, with a message trod l Mr. Vane. Beside it, on the waiter, lay a second one, addressed to Bavella, in the superscription of which she recognised the writing of her aunt. (To be continued.) 