ECHOES IND RE-ECHOES. BISMARCK TO TOMKINSON. Mein Goot Domginson—You haf beard of der row vot X haf been had nit dot young Kaiser Wilhelm, der war crank, und pooty soon der vos anoder row, zoh I I like me nob dot Capri vi, he hai been work up all my ideas, und vot is der use dot I hai ideas when aomepody else got all der benefit. Wilhelm, der war crank, vot I hai been beach, gifeme der cold shoulder, und pooty soon X took it. My weather eye I haf got open, and! -watch me vot I see. Now you bet my life der vas bound to be a row, ain't it i I don't dink much mit Gladstone, and efeiy dimes vot he vas been in power dot old Russian Bear begin crawl, erawl, crawl, and sneak along either mit hiB eye on Turkey or his nose pointed oferdere by Afghanistan, a'int itl Poof! of your dink dot old Caprivi was been a match even for oldt woodohopper Gladstone pooty Boon you find out dot he wasn't Now, I der Bismarck always am able to see what green he got in his eye, und I hoodvinks him ash easy as kiss der back of mein head. Dot young Wilhelm, der war crank, he vas been to see his grossmiltter, und she told him he didn't J vas got any sense mit his army und soldiering und bouncing strikers und writ ing sermontB vot he send to der Pope, but he laugh mit his sleeve at what dot oldt lady say. I bet your life dot we vill haf some fun mit oldt Gladstone und> his Amerigan axebandle; he vill hoompug eferydings, ash he vas peen done pefore. Der Jews in Russia vas pooty quiets, und I don't dink much of dem, put oer Nihilisdts vas alzo quiet, und dot meanB der vas miea chief brewing, ain't it 1 Wenefer Eng land vas hafing a yolly liddle row anywhere else dot oldt Czar he say to Sheneral Gotsuchakof, or PrinoeKaskowiski, "Off mit you now, und pull a tail feader out of his wing, or jump ofer der frontier und knook der stuffing out of dem Afghans." Den der delegrams come mit der oondradioshuns, und oldt Gladdy he drop his axe on his foot und Bay, " Great Kaiser's ghost 1 vas ish dis t I must temporise mit Russia, und sing sohmall to Shermany, or else ve vill haf to spend some of der money of Johannes der Bull, und then Barliamendt will degline to vote anydings for der next Royal marriage." I see (says Hugh Kalyptus) that the enthu siasts at Broken Hill have compared Messrs. Sleath and Ferguson to the late Messrs. Moses and Aaron of immortal memory. I am not very mnoh up in Scripture, but I believe that the two Hebrews mentioned were the Sleath and Ferguson of the period when the Egyptian Directors of the briokmaking business made things so rough for the Israelites that they went on strike, the result being that there was a run on the bank of the Red Sea, and it had to go into liquidation. Pharaoh and all his host had a meeting with his creditors, and paid the debt of nature. Moses never entered the Promised Land, and no more will Moses Sleath, likewise Aaron Ferguson. The heirs, exeoutors, administra tors, assigns, and attorneys of Messrs. Moses and Aaron have no intention of entering an action against Messrs. Sleath and Ferguson for pirating their invention of the strike as far as I know, partly because it is not worth while, and also for the reason that the Broken Hill affair is so palpably a parody that it is not worth making a fuss about. Moses and Aaron kept the Hebrew strike going for forty years in the wilderness and brought the strikers, or their descendants, rather, out right end uppermost without having to call in the aid of the women to protect them with their petticoats against the enemy. It struok me very forcibly that either the strikers must be under pettiooat government art home, and dare not prohibit their womenfolk from unsexing themselves by interfering in a quarrel between men and men, or they are so uncertain of the issue that they have aban doned manly self-relianoe, and asked the eex they ought by right to protect to flourish their petticoats between them and danger. The Matabele tribe in Afrioa had a custom of sending untried warriors in the front rank to bear the brunt of the battle, and the old warriors backed them up in the rear, killing all those who showed the white feather. The strikers'army at Broken Hill had better have the women in the rear rank to prod the men on with broomstioks and pichhandles. The Amazon army of Broken Hill had muoh better attend to the household economy, because they only make the men look ridiculous, for a lover of lawand order who would faoe a man and arrest him Binglebanded would not dream of touching a woman, virago though she might be. The modem Moses and Aaron, if they sanctioned the virago brigade muster, do not compare favourably with the leaders of Israel any way. Somewhere about the year 1866 the Mel bourne Punch brought out a series of imitations of "Tupper's Proverbial Philosophy, "'amongst which was the following, which might be well quoted in connection with a recent article, in the Register on " Law and Juatfos" OF LAW. Mighty institution is law—promoter at social jacti tation, Else might the world most meanly stagnate into green slimy harmony. Three animals were pointed at by the ancients, as proper to fight shy of— A basilisk and a gorgon were the first two. And the third I'm afraid was a lawyer! But this is a coarse imputation, characteristic of the rudeness of the age. No doubt the lawyer hath a function, healthful and daring in its way, Were it only to properly temper one's rattte-pated jollity of mood. As by contrast and comparison alone can one's happy condition be admeasured, And abundance by him esteemed who hath felt the keen pinches of privatum So empyrean beatitude (a bis, just escaped the thumb-screwing of a lawyer. Now calmly reflecting It seemeth that the lawyers in Bociety have merit. Like the background of green in a nosegay, they show off its pieasanter features. 