IAIRNSDALE SHIRE COUNCIL. T lcnheAy, 7ww ,TANtrART. rosant; Tho full '1ouhcil; wbitla tite ed. hkiption of Cr Teller. .'," '-ins inursoifl, ino?. o r luleod : I would like t kno, bkforu thc.mrLhdtes cf the committee mcctllrra aro onlrmd. by ho ahrlty th entro riding purmhased the site for the nlghteol defeu. I woo eUorjrisod that snbh aetloa bhohld havo boen taoen: It ias decided at the last ordtn?uy wobtlng of,.tho counoil tiat the ongineer end health omacr should reprt to this heeting. however, to my strprose, and that of the whole of ther twnspoeople, we har the Centre riding mCembrs hate involved the oohecil into the purhle ofr a piece of lanud on the rioer aock, one of thie prettiest drlces in Iairn dale. I ould litke to know what authority Ithe Centre riding membhers had to go to. the neretsary and get the chequen book for the ptrpoe of paying a deposit of £149 for a nlghtsoil depot? It's anr st ate ot thihgs when three councillors can goind Osign cleqca and hand them away without being passed by the council. Sir W. J. Clarke objected to nelling a site on his property, because he thonght the people of airnedalo might cast a reletion upon him for allowing his lnnd, which in so near the town, to be utsod as a nikhtsoil depot. The site allowed the couaenll t tusa in a hop garden near the Wg Yang bridge woa near the health oicer's residence, and it wan not approved of, and yet it is further away from any houso than the site junt purchased. Cr Pynoy: Give as all the facts. Cr Mauolod: The only eood thing the Centre riding msmbors did was to get Captain Underwood out of a hole he would never have gt out of for the nct20tyearr. I voald like to hear what authority the Centre riding m hmbers had. T'he Secretary: The authority was cn o notice of motion tabled by Cr Hophins in May, 1890, to the effect that the Centre riding members had the power to purchase the necessary appliances and any other steps that might be necessary to improve the aightserrice in the Contre riding. At the last meeting of the council the motion carried wam that the engineer, health officer, and the members of the Centre riding, bh asbed to report as to the suit. ability of Captain Underwoed's site, and the beet terms obtainable. Cr iaeleed: I would ask if that autho. rises the Centro riding members to pur ehaneShot toed? Cr Payne: I maintain that on that motion of Cr Hopkins we had full power to purehase this ?land.- It says we shall pur. chase the Hesso pans, and also take further steps to carry out the system. If we chose a silte for the depot on the top of Isount Taylor there would be a host of petitions against it. As regards the site we purchased, our health ofiear said it was one of the best sites to he had in the dis triet. Our engineer also thought it was so saitable that woshould secure it if possible. Upon one occasion we were offered this site at Ait per acro, hut the vendor thought fit to withdraw the land from sale, and sooner than again lose the chance of getting it we paid the deposit mentioned poen it, he lievinr as we did that we were fully justi fed in doing so on the wording of Cr Hop ine's motioen. As regards the prletty drive Cr Maleod referred to, it seems to me a moast extraordinary thing that notwith standing that so much" has bead said aboht this same site that he didl't'objeet to it before to-day. On the contrary, he said it was the finest place in the. eorld for the depot, and whoa Captain Underwood with draw the land from sale, Cr Mlacleod was the vesry first man to'rato the captain for breaking his bargain. (Heaor, hear and laughter.) It seems a most singular pro. Seeding. As to the site being unsighly nad causing an offensive odonr, I'll guaras tee if the land was enclosed no one would over know that it was a nighlsoil depot. The Itesse system is perfect, irrespective almost of the hermetically sealed pans. for the simple reason that every pan is con tinually being deodorised whilst in use. fly colleagues and myself have been doing our best to obtain a suitable site some where ever rince we hare been in the conn. cil, and it was desirhble that some finallity shaould be arrived at, as the health of the town depended greatly upon.the introduo tion of the lesse pan or day system. Cr Mnaled: What I said to Captain Underwood was, that if I offered the land for sale for .50, I would not be the man to turn round, Cr Jackson: The centre riding meimbers thought when purchasing Captain Under. wood's lsand that re wore doing one of the best things that had ever been dosne for this distriot. I shall be very sorry inded if the couneil does not endorse our action. Cr Maclod isatho last man who shouldget up and oppose our action, because he has been on the committee endeavoring to get that sle-e'purioualy." and it is rery wrong In deed that Captain Underwood's name should have been brought into the ques tion in the manner it had. We have al most begged of that gentleman to sell the land, ip did not force it upon us. Why did fJe,8Ia?leod net roise his voice caginst the situation or saitatllity of this situ when the council deolded;to send a deputa. tatlos months ego to trty nod get a piece of Sir W. J. Cloroe's land, which rotuylly adjoins the piece we hoaver jast purchaed from Captain Underwood P Cr Macleod: I challenge your state meats. Cr Jaokson : I repeat that you allowed a deputation to go without saying one wmd against it: Hoverer, I thint the step we have tahken will be the very b.st thing that has been d'one for this town, and in stead of charging the prices te hbd or ranged, we belisee with the site selected, aed the bargain we made, we shall he able to reduce the charges still less. (Iaer, hear.) I'Ill more that the minutes of the committer's meeting dealing with the puro chase of this night soil depot be confirmed. Cr Swan: I have great pleasure in so conding the motion I was distinctly in. formed after being elected a member of this council that the centre riding mem. bers had been authorised to deal with the night soil system, and seeing the report of the health officer and the engineer, which were of a very favorable nature, ware beh fore us, I sincerely believed we were doing the proper thing in mahing the psrchose of this lasd. We have modes good bargain, and I hope the council will endorse oer action. Cr Drerormans :I wish to point out that at the last meeting it was decided to get the engineer's and health officer's reports, and now this land has been purrchased without our hbaing had these fooats before us. Cr Cochrano: And what about the other site offered P . Or Swan: You refer to Mr James Tay. lor'a. land, I might state that in Captain Underwodods land there were 27 acres, and out of that 9 acres are uansitable. and in lir Taylor's land there were 11t acres, and 9| sores of that unsoltable. A eel culatlon cas then rone into, and it mae foand that Captain Underwood's land msu between £8 and .£ per acre oheaper than Mr Taylor's. The terms of the purchase wero £890 deposit, and the balance in yearly bills extending over 5 y?ars at ? per cent. interest. SCr Cehbrnes: I think buying 27 acres of land at such a large price was a very rash action on tile part of the committee with' out consolting the council. I was a bit surprised when I heard about it, more particularly as regards the quantllty, as we shalll not require a quarter of the acroseage puroehased. occupiedl tIbet lal three or four years, and I waited until Norvember for tbhe water to rcele olff it. Icontend tilht a large part f tht land is not worthl a quarter of tile ttnloao paid for it. Cr ltous 'lToe quoedtou at iseue is simply this. .IIo the comuittee carried out the loutructions of this council? I will say clerly oand distinctlly that they have. 'I'hce is a resolution iassed by this council givintg tlhem abseulot power to make all so long ago uppuored dislltur ncd with their eoU.soecu'C u 1.tol a pieC0 of sealtebh, load. and harinag g.. it tIhy oots qullte wihthn their poeurcas to purcohase it. Cr Drerermann : Tihe resolution tlablo by Cr l ophine, and upon which thie pir rhinae hoeo been mide. iH certainly a littij bit hazy, but. I belireve if the moitter wi put before n judgo thbe notion of the comi neitteo ioald bo upheld. Thu judge would vay souietlbieg had bchn decidhL uipon, onu there lhad heen no corruption in thie .ition tuben by the cooiittte, und whut they did uas done for the public geod. Thiit would he the effect of the dcieiou. Thereforo under the bircumstlance ire must make the host of the transationo; The counnil do not reijeiro all the land purehased unless the beldnce is fer aewegefe turm, but we hre not Deer fur enough advanced for thatu Moreover, the cooneil should not he land jobbors. We should therefore sell all the nland not required for a night soil depot a soon n? possible. Cr Davisi I certainly thought the fe ports of the eneinetr and health offcleer would be brought before us to-day in ac cordance with the resollution passed at last meeting before anything was done, but at the same time I don't see how we oen get over Cr Hopkin'e motion: . ... Cr Jackson's motion was carried, only Cre ytucleod nod wrotnlow yoing ugainsl it. Cr Coehrano ssid it was scant courtosy that the petilion tent to that day by Messra Jae. Taylor,.Il. Florence and oahere. protesting against the site being par. chrsed for the purposes of a night soil depot. wae not reand. The President asked Cr Macleod and several other counciollors if they had chnrge of the petition, but each in turn replied in the negatirc. Cr Hosse: I rise to n puint of order. What is the use of reo ling a potition when the matter is already settled. It is only a farce to do so new. The Secretary : Thc petition was placed on my table after the correspondence had been read. i'he President : Will anyone take charge of it P Cr Scott : If no one else will I will. Cr Pynoa: I beg to more that the pe tition be received. The motion was carried. POSTPOHED NOTICEI OF 0 OTION?. Cr Roes moved that all postponed notices of motion incurring expenditure be post poned for two months. Cr Mcoleod contended that it was a mis take to postpone calline for tenders until winter, because the ground was teo soft to allow of the work being done, end, more over, it.wan thlb. hbret time in this diu Cr Ros: Yes?, harvest time in Batirns dale, but you don't consider the outside ridings as to their harvest time. The President remarked that plans had been prepared for work that would take fully 12 months to complete. Cr Draeveroan said the best course to adopt would be to slrihe out all notioes of moteon. There were a gross of plans and specificeations prepared. and he thought the best way to do rould be to lt the members of each riding go throogh the plans and pick oat the most necessary worTshe. tie would move that atl notices of motion be stroch oot and that fresh once be tabled. Cr Drevermann's motin was carried. Cr Maeleod then moed the e tat the worhs for which plars had beon prepared take precedence over fresh notiees of motion.. The motion lapsed feor the want of a seconder. a Cr Jackson moved that the secretary be untltrised to perehase inscribed sto.c to the sineing fond to the extent of £700.- Carried. Cr Daris moved that the piles of the Wy tong bridge he retarred. Cr Rosa moved that an extra day laborer be put on in the west riding.-Carried. Cr Scott moved, that some trees he cleared from Stoney Creek to the railnay. -CUarried. Cr Jaobson moved that a fan trees in Uoold street he removed.-Carried. oISTnlsstTIOw or TttO 551505 aEVENOE. Cr Dreermonn moerdt. in accordance with a notioe of motion given some months previously. that the ceetre riding contri bute £500 to the east riding daring the present year. the amount to be expended as the Balirnsdale to Sarsloid read and on thaLoner Nicholson read. ur uocnrane secondetd the motion. He considered the request was only a fair and jst one. The roads were cut up not by the traffOic in the riding, but tbrougk it. Or tPaynu aid ha did not wish to move an amendment as bn had anutber oa.ject in view, but before proceeding any furthuer ko wished tothank Ithe couecil fpospoupaoning the motion from last meeting in order to give bim an opportunity to Ipeak on such animpnrtnut question. It wuaaquestioen that Raffcted tbe cntre riding, and he had not the slirhetest doubt if carried in ito present form it meant putting the thin ond of the wedge in to mate the centre riding t hboeough he might eiate. t once that his colleagues and himself were willing to as.ilt the oeast riding. They had done so in the punast, and were prepared todo a' in the future, hut they contended it nhonld beodone in a fair and impartial manner. Tho notice of motion that bhd boee tabled. and which the secretlry hadjue t read, was that the council should, merely take into consideration the more equitable distribu. tion or the shire e as regards the east riding. It did not state that .S00 should be voted away. Therefore a fair anl equitable tribunal should be formed to carry the desired object out in an equitable and satisfactory manner. Cr losa was re ported to hevo said that the majority must rule. tie ucked that gentleman up. in that statement when it befoted the nwholo thire, but this was n matter which did not affect the whole shire. It afftctedi the centre riding only, and very much to its disadvantago. the thorefore conteoded it could not be dealt withr in an equitable manner as tho council eas at present con stituted. There mere nine members repro. senting the outside ridings and conse quently they could crush the lifs out of the three centre riding memboer as regards toting power. Ho submitted that if the matter was to be fairly dealt with a com mittee should hbs formed to consist of say one member of the south and west ridingse two to represent the east riding and the three centro ridiong membor, and that sunch eommittoeo should posatpone the caonsider. tion of the matter fur at least six months. One reason for postponing the question ine on account ofthe east riding. He wao sorry to have to mention it but the east riding was somothing liole the scene from Hamleti where the ghost appeared and in. terviewed the prince. VWhen the ghost disappeared IHoratio rushed in to hear abwhat the prince had aid, but before ho entered the village he had to swear by his word he would reveal nothing. (Lauaghter.) tie didn't know whethler they should swear by their word that they would reveal nothing of what they bad hoard about the state of the finsances of the poor saot riding. (Laueghter.) llewouer, there was no ene deplored the financial position of the eJat riding more than he did, but he mtinitinrd that before tllhey furthler attempted to lead the council into further rxp.ndituro the overdraft that already elistod should be liquidated, unless they desired, financially speakLiog,'. to suck every drop of blood out of the velns of the centre riding, and then come along like a boa constrlotor and swallow them up " holus bolus." (Laughter.) The centre riding members had not at any time presented any works being carried nut In the east riding that were absolutely necessary. He would therefure ash counoillure to do unto the oentre riding as they would wish to be done by. A number of suhool boys of course could oombhno for instance and tecke away the mnrblrc belonging I o a minority of their playmates by brute force, but in the matter now bufore the council the mum. here of the onutside riding coulld taue the money bolunging to theb crntre riding by voting force. My priuilpleo reason fer postponing It for ilx tonths is that Ilthe Omen road will be put through the east riding by tie onetrt ridln1, fer thel benefit of sll, and wo sIcouled allow matters to steered over for ljtaS!UmIUU etunetll ectetlec the tiee I hare stated, store especilelly us the centre riding are not only going to exptnd £5000 upon this new road in theu eanst riding, but liso prepared to expoaend 2000 if necosanry to repair it. I don't think the oaot rtdiog mill ekL un to oeep thrt holoof their roadt in repair, and if the matuter is postponed the committee will he ableo to maoke some eqlitable adjustment. Cr DrovermPann : Don't keep us in misery or iuspeoos. Cr ose: shbould be very sorry indord uo maoko otto tq fores a proposal of this hind down tho throat2 of the centro riding members, beoadse I think thibe would be something so despotio about au?o a pro. ceeding. olthough it woulId be ponrfctly logol to do so. I nnmwilling to lmao the question to a o omltten, bot I thina'eir moati is rthor a long time. Cr Jackeon : I ail to see why the old veteran should come down upon us just now whon nwe are in a week state. (Larughter.) I'tve or ns non amendment that th centre riding contribute £2i0 for the prusent year towardo the muintenanco of tho two roads spedified. provided that the not riding also espend £250. That is a libnhrlt ffer. I'll admit those rondsn ara bh.nclit to ihe'towrn and Re should contri buht something. I hold that hnosaifoae would never hare been formod had it not been for the bhd roads eastward from Bairnedale, and I wish to avorid another similar error. Cr Swan seconded the asmendmont. Cr Scott sauid he did not feel j'astflod in vottng fur a motion of this kind seeing that the centre riding members could be completely out-noted. Cr Jackson. on a eaggestion offered agreed to withdraw the condition of the east riding contributing £250 also. PTho motion was lost and the amond ment carried. 