CHURCH INTELLIGENCE. The Bishop of Adelaide celebrated the Holy Communion in St. Peter's Cathedral at 8 o'clock on Sunday morning, subsequent to which prayer was held, while at half-past 10 a choral celebration was held, and his lordship gave an address from St, John i vs. 2 verse. A memorial children's service was arranged for the afternoon, when the bishop again occupied the pulpit, and the representatives of the various Sunday-schools and institutions pre sented their offerings. In the evening- Canon Green preached an eloquent sermon from Isaiah, CO chap., 13 verse. On all ooca- Biona there were large congregations present, while the choir, under the leadership of Mr. J. ML Dunn (organist), gave a fine rendering of the morning choral eervice, and also of the "Hallelujah chorus," which closed the devo tions of the evening. The offerings which, with the amount of £30 promised by the bishop and the deacons on the condition that the total aggregated £1,000, amounted to £986165. 9d., were contributed as follows: —Wednesday (St. Peter's Day), £163 oa. 6d.; Sunday, 8 o'clock service, £101 2s. 3d.; half-past 10 ser vice, £262 3s. 10d.; half-past 3 service, £258 lie. 96.; evening service, £17118?. sd. Among the offerings was one small nugget of gold. Owing to the fact that the Flinders-street Baptist Church is being renovated services were held in the Y.M.O A. Hall on Sunday morning and evening. The Key. S. Mead preached on both occasions, the morning ser vice being in memory of the late Messrs. Hughes and W. Silver, both of whom had been members of the church. He referred to the earnest manner in which the latter had worked on behalf of the church, of which he was an elder for many years. In the evening Mr. M<ad took for his text "Sowing to the Spirit," and he pointed out the complete contrast of this as against the sowing to the flesh. The sowing to the Spirit meant deeds and conduct, and was not only in this life bat in the life hereafter. The annual Home Mission services in con nection with the Kent Town Methodist Church were initiated on Sunday morning, when the Rev. C. T. Newman delivered a Bermon, and gave some interesting details of mission work in the western districts and also along th? Murray. He referred to the hardships of mis sionary life, and told of curious adventures among men whose habitual indifference had to be overcome before any impression could be made upon their better natures. However, the good work was being carried on with an encouraging amount of success, and the preacher exhorted those present to help it on still further with their support. In the evening the Rev. J. De Q. Robin, M. A., president of Horto? College, Tasmania, preached before a large congregation from Revelations, chap. 19, verse 12—"And on His head were many crowns." Introducing the account! of the vision of which these word? are part, he proceeded with an .explanation of their underlying meaning, continuing that the crowns represented the conquests and dominions of Christ. The Master gained victories over the minds of men, their prejudices, sins, Borrows, death, and the powers of darkness; while he held dominion over the nations and over the generations of the dead, and also over the angels and the whole creation. The rev. gentleman closed with an appeal to all to bring loyalty and love to the church and to Him who rales the uni verse from above. The quarterly meeting of the Bible Christian Church, Burra and Hallett circuits, was held on Wednesday, June 29, at the residence of Mr. G. Hiles, Mount Bryan. The chairman of the district (the Rev. K. C. Yeoman) pre sided over a large gathering. The report was very gratifying, as the receipts for the quarter were sufficient to meet the expenditure. Messrs. J. Snell, Kooringa, and J. Wise, Hsllett, were appointed circuit stewards. There was a large attendance at the V.M.C.A. on Saturday evening, when the general secretary (Mr. J. J. Virgo) gave a report of the sixth Intercolonial Counoil of Australasian Y,M.C.A.'s recently held in Bris bane. The speaker made reference to the very cordial reception given to the visiting delegates. At the preliminary secretaries' conference some important items of business were discussed, and at the first general meeting Mr. Virgo was elected hon. secretary to the intercolonial council. Amongst the greetings that from Mr. Geo. Williams, the founder, waa received with enthusiasm. The reports from the various associations in the colonies were very interest ing. Subjects such as "The duties of oar boards," '■ Young men and their prejudices," " Active members: their opportunities for service,". "Work amongst boys,'1 "The V.M.C.A. and the churohes," "The iinpoitance of physicial development," &c; were brought forward and were fully dis cussed. The heartiest interest was manifested, and the attendances were larger than at any previous conference. Mr. W. Hind Smith's paper on "Fifty years' work among young men, or the nee and progress of the Y.BI C. A." imparted a great deal of informa tion, and rtftreuoe was made to the approach ing jubilee in 1891. It was decided tc invite the rational council to send leading Y.StC A. rnoa to vi;-it the colonies on similar lines to tliat of Mr. Hind Smith, also to appoint w.jii sposdicg secretaries in towns where tuf£oou?tiuns did Dot exist. It waa further ivsolvcd to invite the Rev. John MacNeQ to visit Australia. Meetings by delegates were held at Ipswich. Newcastle, Sydney, and Mel bourne on the return trip. At the close of the meeting Mr. A. W. Fletcher, B.So, was made the recipient of an address horn the Christian workers of the Adelaide V.M.C. A. on the occa sion of bis leaving the colony, and suitably responded. A very large audience assembled in the Theatre Royal on Sunday evening, when a song service was conducted. The general sec retary of the V.M.C.A. (Mr. J. J. Virgo) pre sided, and the numbers contributed were chosen from Sankey's collection and Mr. Grans haire male choruses. The meeting was a very successful one and secured the attention of all present. The quarterly meeting of the Mount Lofty circuit was held at Forest-road on Wednesday, June 20. There was a good attendance. The Key. J. Dingle (pastor) presided. The statistics t bowed that 24 had been admitted during the quarter, two dropped, two removed, 37 on trial, 169 full members. The receipts were ajfew pounds more than the disbursements. Brothers J. T. Rogers and Thomas Oliver were re- ap pointed circuit stewards. The pastor reported that a request has been sent to the Sunday schools in the vicinity jor a written report to be sent to the Christmas quarterly meeting to enable the meeting to forward ? correct statement to the district meeting. The quarterly meeting of the Fort Elliot Bible Christian Church was held at Mr. Wood*, Port Elliot The Rev. J. Dingle, chairman of the district, presided. The atten dance was fairly good. The meeting was of a high tone spiritually, but the finances were no way equal to the demands. Bros. Wood and Henley were reappointed circuit stewards. Arrangements were made forepeeial services during September. The statistics showed that some had been added during the quarter to the roll. A consecration meeting, conducted by the Rev. John Watford, of Melbourne, was held in the Pirie-street Wesleyao lectare-ball on Saturday evening-, ttsrs being a good atten dance. £uort addresses on ;iSanctification" vere given by the Revs. Jame3 Wataford, S. Mead, J. B. Stephenson, and J. R. Bradbury, and the meeting frequently joined in prayer. There were large congregations in the Ptrie strtet Church ou Sunday, both morning and evening, when Mr. Watsford preached re vivaliotic addresses of a stirring character. He chose for his morning text "They were all filled with the Holy Ghost" (Acts, iv 4}. He remarked that the {Spirit took fall possession of the Apostles, purging them from all sin, for He entrance was as a baptism of fire. When they were filled with the Holy Ghost they truly loved in a spiritual sense, while as to the power it gave them— 30,000 persons were converted in a single day. He asked, are we of to- day filled with the epiiit of theJHoly Ghost also, and what will satisfy us of the present? Wonldjthecommand or the promise ofGodba sufficient? He then gave both tine promise and the command, showing that we might possess this spirit. The zev. gentleman then dealt with the time when this could be received, which is now, for when Christ said "Any man who is athiist, let him come unto Me and drink," that meant at the present time. His second text was from Revelations, chapter 3, verse 20, "Behold I stand at the door and knock," which he divided into two parts, deal ing with the power Christ bad and his wish to sava soeo's souls and the appropriate means he took to accomplish this end. The Master waskaockiogat the hearte of the unsaved, of the sinner, the backslider, and of the lukewarm pro fessor of faith. He knocked tenderly, patiently, lovingly. If the heart opened and the man surrendered his soul be was saved, and any might open the door because if they wished to do so nothing could stay them, but if they did not desire to do so nothing coald compel them. Opening the door meant happiness and ncipiocal delight. The revival meeting held after evening eervice was largely attended and very successluL The Key. J. B. Gkvsson delivered an address on "Christ and the Toilers" in the North Adelaide Congregational Church on Sunday afternoon, deducing from the sayings of Christ thatHehad foil sympathy with the worker, and none with him who did not toil for the riches which he enjoyed. The test, "It is easier for a camel to go through the needle's eye than for the rich man Ito enter into the kingdom of God," signified that those who love riches will find it difficult to enter into the kingdom of the Lord, for the [love of riches is the most unlovable feeling wnioh can exist in the human heart. Christ bad bean termed the leader of the labor party because He had instinctive sympathies with those who toiled bard. One of the greatest duties of the Church was to exalt true labor to its proper dignity, which was not now appreciated. Theie is no place in the kingdom of God for the idler, sad when we shall have realised the kingdom of God on earth then there will be no place on earth] for those who do not toil for the betterment of the world, in forwarding which end all can lend a helping hand. The aiding of this great movement should be, and would prove a toil which would make yet more pleasant all the days of the lives o£ thoee who thus spent at least a portion of their time. The Gswler Bunyip states that) the Ber. Canon Coombe, incumbent of St. George's, who has been unable to attend to bis duties for several weeks past by reason of indisposition, is now improving and hopes shortly to be about as usual. On July 10 the Bishop of Adelaide and the Rev. Mr. Stephenson will conduct Eervices at St. George'e, which will include acon finnation crremony. 