Doncaster News. The Athenmum was crowded to excess orn Thursday, August 4th, on the occasion of an entertainment in aid of the funds of the local cricket club. The performa:ce con- menced with a circle, the corner men being the only ones disguised. After the opening overtures Mr. J. O. Smith sang " I'm gwino back to Dixie" in his well-known style, which was followed by Mr. J. 11. Daley with " Esse Dear," the singer being in first-class fettle. Mr. D. IRobertson sang " Hoe do corn," after which Mr. C. leid sang " Eileen Alannah." The first part was interspersed with conundrums and jokes and was brought to a conclusion with a ghost fareo in which Messrs. D. Robertson and Middleton kept the audience in roars of laughter. During the interval the chairman (E. H. Cameron, Esq., M.L.A.) distributed the prizes won during the past season. The second part opened with burlesque singing by Mr. Denyer, which greatly amused the audience. Mr. A. Carey next recited "The Windlass,' but was unfortunate esiough not to be able to finish the piece. Ma. A. Cromann sang " Hear the wild winds blow " in very fine style. The performance was brought to a close with " The Pirate Omnibus," and the principat characters were sustained by lssrs. V. .Meader, Thos. C. Iright, and J. Barton. The pieco was pourtrayed with good effect and tended to send the audience away in good humor. After the entertain ment the hall was cleared and a large num ber " tripped the light fantastic toeo " until a very early hour in the morning. The committee of the club and also Mr. Meader must be congratulated on the great success attending their efforts to augment the funds of the club. A public mooting was held in the Atheneuim on Saturday evening last for the purpose of selecting a gentleman to be recommended as a Justice of Peace for the district, in place of Mr. J. Smedley, who has resigned from the duties of. that office. A very large number of persons attended the meeting, and Mr. F. H. Thomas, J.P., was elected chairman. A number of gentlemen were proposed, but for various reasons do. clined to stand until ultimately Mr. Tom Petty was unanimously chosen as thile selected candidate. The Fruit Growers Association held a meeting in the Athenweum on Monday even ing last when a paper was read by Cr. R. G. Cameron. A recsume of the paper will be given in our next issue. 