THE BEAUTY CF BDNACCCRDE. CHAPTER XXIII. A BUSTIC WOOER ASKS AN IMPOBTANT QUESTION, So poor little Barry Morne has found her gay oarriage but a pumpkin, after all. She has come to the ground in a lamentable hurry, and must walk the dusty path of life just the same as if she had never been clasped to the heart of Windsor Monck, and called " My darling." Though the best part of her died that sad June night, when she found out his treachery ; though she looks back with a callous wonder to the exceeding bliss of her brief loveiidyl ; though, in the breezy Sunday evenings when mamma Morne is in the brick church over the river, she slips down ghost- like to the " Lovers' Walk," trying to feel anew the bliss of that shining time-in spite of all this, Barry Morne can perform all the recurring duties of existence, can eat, sleep, talk, and laugh pretty much as of yore. Time has come and time has gone ; two months has come between Barry and that first last kiss behind the wild-rose tree at Mr. Vandeleur's gate ; and the dull stupefaction which has supervened, as well as the humdrum march of Bonaccorde events, have made it seem to her like two hundred years ago at least. The valley is one vast orchard of glowing, drop- ping fruit; the cider-presses are ever at work; the apple tree shakers swarm over every farm ; the hog's paradise has come. "John's coming to shake our trees to-day," says Mrs. Morne, as she and Barry ate breakfast at the dewy hour of six ; for " an hour in the morning s worth two at night" and "lazy people work the best when the sun is in the west," are two of Mrs, Morne's favorite maxims. " Is he ?" answers Barry, listlessly. " And I think you'd best go with him and show I him what trees are to be shaken." " Very well, mother," say» Barry ; for it ia a long time since she had evinced any will of her own. She is vastly improved, is the little black sheep ; she does whatever she's told. Half an hour later, John" Vandeleur with a ladder, and Barry Morne with a large wicker ?htópcr, may be seen trudging side by side through the lilacs in the direction of the orchard. When Barry's pink calico dress had disappeared, Mrs. Morne comes in from the door, and pats Barry's fuzzy little dog which had tarried by the flesh-pots instead of accompanying his sober little mistress, who uaed to be twice as jolly to go any- where with, and a dog has his tastes, you know. Perhaps it may be as well to give an index to that unwonted complacency which we see upon Mrs. Morne's countenance as she settles herself in her chair. During the first few days after the disclosure of Lovina's supposed elopement with her sister's lover, the dame had been preternaturally meek and gentle; but gradually she recovered herself, and dismissing Lovina with righteous indignation from the door of her lips, she began imperceptibly to resume the reins of government over Barry, and to nrge upon her as before to take up with John Vandeleur. The maternal instincts sharpening her wits, she kept a lookout on the post- office, that no more letters should arrive for Barry, to upset her, and take her mind off her duty. A fortnight after the catastrophe, she held one in her hands. It was from that fellow, Windsor Monck. What could he mean by writing again to Barry after going off with Lovina ? Should she read it. She rather thought it was her duty to see what was up, so as to prevent any more mistakes. And she must learn what had become of Lovina. Yes, she would read it. She opened it, with fingers that faltered a little ; for, after all, a treacherous action makes us feel mean, whatever name we put upon it ; and she saw that it was written from Naples. What could he be doing there ? Well, she wonld soon see that. "MT LITTLE GIBI." (began Windsor Monck, with loving pen) :-"Something sad and perplexing has occurred which has driven me from England. Need I say that nothing short of deadly peril could have induced me to leave you behind me ? I am in that deadly peril and so is my brother, who is with me. My sweet, pure little Barry, do not believe anything people may against me: I am guiltless in the sight of Heaven. My darling it has cost me a terrible struggle to leave you behind but I had to choose between you and my brother, who was too ill to escape by himBelf. My brother was Lovina's lover, and she deserted him when trouble carne upon him. His name is the same as my own ; we are both called Windsor Monck. It is a strange story, which I will some day tell to my little girl. Barry, he true to me; don't let them marry you to anybody till I come back and claim you. Meantime I shall write to you frequently, and you must answer. I did not get any reply to my first letter to you, and it has troubled me much. I know that something has gone amiss. Farawell for the present, little girl. I pray Heaven to bless you. Pray for " Tours, ever and only "WINDSOR MONCK." Well, well ! it was a genuine love-letter, after all, and there were more of them coming ; He had never written that letter to Lovina at all > then ; it was his brother- another Windsor Monck, Two Windsor Monoks in the same family ! How odd ! It sounded very like a fib. Mayhap it was, just to blind Barry's silly eyes. And even if it wasn't and he was trne as gold to Barry, what was that secret that he was afraid to tell the girl, that had driven him and hia brother out of England ? Forgery, perhaps, or duelling, or Borne such foolery. Enough, anyway, to make Mrs. Morne close her heart against the loves of Windsor and Barry, and lock up his letter in her cheßt. In a few days her curiosity was gratified on that point. John Vandeleur oame over, in a state of quiet enjoyment, and taking her aside, showed her a notice in a newspaper : " The two Moncks, suspected of tke murder of 'John Fraser, have succeeded in escaping, it is sup- posed to the Continent." " One o' them's Barry's fine spark," said John, with alow malice, " that she told me she was agoing to marry. You'd best tell her about this, Mrs. Morse, and let her ohooae betwixt us." And Mrs. Mörne had conveyed the intelligence to her daughter that very night, Baying that that, fellow Monck was a proper villain and a murderer and had to run away to escape the gallows. Barry took the news very quietly, for she knew it all before ; it was only a fresh raking up of that j badly healed wound of hera. The soft dark eyss only looked a little sadder; the soft young face a little colder; but she said nothing as she went up stairs to bed. It was hard to hear him, blood guilty as he might be, condemned by John Vandeleur ! Hard to have that dear name reviled by those that knew him not. This too she bore in unrepining silence. Mrs Morne having now the whole affair, as she believed, in a nutshell, bent all her energies hence- forward to carry through her plans with regard to Barry and John Vandeleur. That villain-for by this name the adorable Windsor was designated by Mrs. Morne-was determined to have her daughter Barry, murderer or no murderer Therefore, it washer duty to intercept all letters to hold up his wickedness every day to Barry's ab- horrence, and to keep her and John always together. In all these plans Mrs. Morne WBB successful. The postmaster had received special and significant orders from her that all letters were to be delivered to herself; and she had now five love missives locked away in the bottom of her trunk, four of which were still sealed, for she did not care about reading any more of them, half fearing perhaps (oh> human heart, why disguise thy inconsistency?) that Monck might turn out to be neither villain nor murderer, in which case she would not feel so com- fortable about breaking little Barry's heart. The other two resolutions were unflinchingly per- formed. Monck was inveighed against every day of her life, and Barry never gainsaid her ; and John Vandeleur was encouraged to resume his courtship, slow but sure. Having thus set Barry's altered fortunes before the reader, we will take np the tale just where her rose-pink calico disappeared round the corner of the stone cottage, while the ladder trailed alongside like a mammoth trail. John and Barry set to work on the apple trees with the steady industry of a pair which have jogged on together for twenty years,or so; strip- ping the bending branches, burrowing among the damp grass for runaway fruit, cramming the hamper, and sending it home to be brought back empty. So, without a word ot more tender meaning than, i from the swain, " Mind yourself, Barry !" or | " Which lot now ?" from the damsel, the work was I done at last. John slid from the bared top branches down the gnarled trunk, and alighted on the grass at Barry's feet, very red in the face, and evidently sweltering in his striped shirt-aleeves. " Let's take a rest for a minute," says John, wip- ing his empurpled brow with his arm. " If s Mowed warm work on a calm day like this." 1 " Come into the house, then," says Barry, cold and pale as a frost-flower. "I suppose mother's about ready with tho dinner." " She'll yell for us when she ÍB," returns the swain. " I say, Barry, let's go down under the oaks by the river and sit on the bank. I'd like a chat with you while we cool off." " No," Bays Barry, very low, " not down thore, John ; I don't care to cross the fields." " What in thunder for ? You're smart enough dreseed to be seen by the whole country," remon- strates John, with his usual penetration. " Yes, but I don't like down there. See if s quite pretty on yon hill-tops among the pippins. Can't yon go and sit under them ?" John tramps through the rows of apple trees, and Barry after standing quite still for two seconds as if loBt in thought, heaves a low sigh, and follows him. Having seated himself upon the grass, with his back braced against a trunk, John royally assigned a place beside him to Barry, of which she apathetically availed herself. "Well, Barry" (here John plucked a spear of grass, put the end of it in his mouth, and slowly, deliberately chewed it all up)-" well, Barry, when is it to be ?" In this surprisingly original, arch, and tender manner did John make his third offer of marriage to his lady-love. " Eh ?" ejaculated ahe, learning by his silence that he had asked her something. "When is it to be, I say ?" repeated he, faith- ful to his first form. " When is what to be ? I think we were talking about dinner, weren't we ?" " No, we weren't. How innocent we are !" and John put on a knowing look and winked pleasantly. A faint frown disturbed her cold calmness as she looked away down the shining river. Suddenly changing flushes, dimples, pouts, and smiles never passed over that sombre little face nowadays, but she paled a little at this. " I know now what you asked me," said Barry, with a yearning look after the shiningj[waters which slipped away down to the sea. " Well, and I suppose you know, too, what you'll answer me," quoth John, with agreeable repartee. Silence, while Barry clasped her little bronze hands in her lap, and half closed her woeful eyes. " Come, Barry, wake np," said John, in a rousing tone ; " don't dream over it. Yes or no P There's plenty of girls in this same valley that would jump at the offer of the beßt farm in Bonaccorde, and the half of the house to ourselves, besides having mother-as good's a paid housekeeper any day. Say, Barry, when are we to be yoked together-me and you ?" " I'm sure I don't know," mumbled Barry. A flush, not of pleasure, nor yet of pain, crossed the florid face of the wooer. "You'd better find out, then, as quick as you like," growled he ; " or if yon don't know your own mind, I can ask your mother."|| «CBWtfH} "No," muttered the girl, wincing, "don't ask her. I'll marry yon, John, since it has to be." " I know you will. I bet on that long ago. But when ?" "I don't know, indeed, John. Some time, I suppose." "Say in a month, and we'll put the thing through in slap-up style. October's just the month to be married in-all the farm work over, and all the produce stored, and nothing to do but to have a good time. Eh ?" " No," muttered Barry, with horror in her eyes. "I won't be married to anybody this year, nor next year either. No, John ; not before two years can I consent to marry you." Poor, simple-hearted Barry hud a vague idea of mourning for dear, wicked, lost Windsor Monck, as widows mourn who have lost their young, adored husbands; and of pining into her grave, if she could, before John Vandeleur could get her. She had yet to learn that the luxury of grief was to be denied her. "Two years ?" echoed John, snorting a loud ha! ha ! " No, thank you 3 I'm not going to wait that long for any woman under the sun. I know what you're after : you think that fellow's coming back for you some fine day. No, you don't, Barry, my girl ; no dodging me, I say." " I wasn't thinking of dodging you," meekly fal- tered the girl,-" Except by death," she might have added, but didn't. " Oh, ho ! then that was all bosh about the two years, wasn't it ?" chuckled John, pleased to see her cower. "No, for I can't-oh, John, I can't marry so soon !" Tears were in Barry's eyes ¡ tears in those un- utterably soft, dark eyes, which had melted the embittered heart of Windsor Monck. John Vandeleur saw the tears, and waxed very surly. " Well, I'll be sizzled if you're not badly off now ' One would think I was pulling your eye-teeth out, by the way you take on ! Pity I don't let you hev your two years, and two years at the back of them, and take one of the score of girls that's just waiting to be asked. Who are you crying for, I'd like to know ?" " I'm not crying," aaid poor Barry, pulling her sunshade low over her eyes. " Well, then, give us a kiss, and say it'll be in October." " I'll-I'll see what mother says." " All right ; she'll say as I say ; she's a sensible old woman. There, thaf s settled ; come now, my dear, give us-" " There, mother is calling us in to dinner," said Barry, and sprang up so quickly that John, as usual, slow but sure, missed the kiss which he had so archly requested. Tramping down the slippery grass-slope, side by side, what a delicious assurance to know that this man with the striped shirt-sleeves, and heavy, red face, will tramp up the hill of life side by side with Barry to its summit ; down the hill with Barry to her death-the man of her mother's choosing ! 