NEW YORK DEISCRIBED B TRU7DYARD KIPLING. It is not c sy, renarkn . k r tudyard Kipling, in a recent contribution to the London "News" to oscape from at big city. An entire continent was waiting to be traversed, and, for that reason, we lingered in New York till the city felt so houtolike that it seemed wrong to leave it. And further, the more one studied it the more grotesquely bad it grew-bad in its paviung, bad in ite streets, bad in its street police, and but for the kindness of the tides would have. been worse than bad in its sanitary arrangements. No one as yethas approached the management of Now York-in a proper spirit; that is to say, re garding it as the shiftless outcome of squalid barbarism and reckless extravagance. No one is likely to do so, because reflections on the LONO, gAURlOW I 'r TIOUGHI are construed as malevolent attacks against the spirit and majesty of the great American people, and lead to angry comparisons. Yet, if all the streets of London were permanently up and' all the lamps permanently down, this' would not prevent the Noew York streets, taken in a lump, front being first cousins to a Zanzibar fore shore, or kin to the approaches of a Kaflir kraal. Gullies, holes, ruts, cobble stones awry, kerbstones rising from two to six inches above the level of the slatternly pavement; tram lines from two to three inches above street levels: building materials scattered half across the street ; lime, boards, out stone, and ash barrels generally and generously everywhere : wheeled traflic taking its chances, dray versus bro?gham, at cross roads; sway-backed poles wHittled and unpainted : drunken lamp-posts with twisted [rons; and, lastly, a OFNENEROUS eC.I'IEnR OF FII.Tir and more mixed stinks than the winter'wind can carry away, are matters which can becon sidered quite apart from the. " Spirit of Democracy" or "the future of this great and growing country." In any other land they would be held to represent SLO'OHcINE.SS, 80nDIDNSE, AND WANT OF CAPACITY. Here it is explained, not once but many times, that they show the speed at which the city has grown and the envifable indiffer ence of her citizens to matters of detail. One of these days, you are told, everything will be taken in hand and pu straight. The un virtuous rulers of the city will be swept away by a cyclone or a tornado or something big and booming, of popular indignation ;'everybody will unanimously elect .the right men, who will justly earn the enormous salaries that are at present being paid to inadequate aliens for road sweeping and all will be well. At the same time the lawlessness ingrained by gover. nors among the governed during*,the last 30 10, or it may be 60 years; the itRI'TAL, I.FVITY O'F P1Tvcr.c' CONS0emENC'. in regard to public duty ; the toughening and suppling of publio morals, and the reckless disregard for human life, bred by impotent laws and fosterea by familiarity with needless accidents and criminal neglect, will miraculously disappear. If the laws of cause and effect that control even the freest people in the world say otherwise; so'much the worse for the laws. America makes her own. Behind her stands the ghost of the most bloody war of the century caused in a peaceful land by long tempo. rising with lawlessness, by letting things elide, by shiftlessness and blind disregard of all save the material need of the'hour till the trouble long conceived and let alone stood uno fall armed, and men said, "Here is an un foreseen crisis," and killed each other in the name ot their God for four years. In a heathen land thethree things 'that are supposed to be the pillars of moderately de cent government are regard for human life, justice, criminal and civil, as far as it lies in man to do justice, and good roads. In this Christian city they think lightly of the first--their own papers, their own speech, and their own adtions prove it; buy and sell the second at a price openly and with. out shame: 'and are, apparently, content to do without the third. One would almost oxpert the racial sense of humor would stay .them from expectieg only praiso SI0T, LavISIn AND SLAVIs from the strangerwithin their gates. But they'do not. If he Hdoks his peacetbey forge tributes' to their own ;excellence which they put. into his mouth, thereby treating their 'own land which they profess to honor as a quack treats his pills. If he 'speakse--but you shall see for yourselves what happens then. And they cannot see that by untruth and invective it is themselves, and themselves alone, that they injure. The blame of their. city evils is not alto gether with the gentlemen, chiefly of foreign extraction, who control the city. These find a people made to their hands, a lawless breed IIEADi TO WINK AT ONE EVASION OF Till: LAW if they themselves may profit byanother, and in their rare leisure hours comitent to smile over the details of a clever fraud. Then, says the cultured American, " Give us time. Give us time and we shall arrive." The otherwise American. who is aggressive, straightway proceeds to thrust a piece of IALF-ANIAGOED MUNICIPAL BOTCta-WORK under the nosoof the alien as a sample of per feoted effort. There is nothing more delight ful than to sit for a strictly limited time with a child who tells you what he means to be when he is a man: but when that same child, loud-voiced, insistent, unblushingly eager for praise, but thin skinned as the most morbid of hobbledehoys, stands about all your ways, telling you the same story in the same voice, you begin to yearn for something midde and finished 'say Egypt and a completely dead mummy. It is neither seemly nor safe to hint that the Government of the largest city in the States is a despotism of the alien by the alien for the alien, tempered with occasional insurrections.of the decent folk. Only the Chinese washes the dirty linen of other lands. •While work was coing on in the port of \'enico, divers discovered a vessel lying at the bottom of the sea. It is considered to be a Venetian galley, sunk-in a naval battle. It is built of the hardest wood, and is 20ft. in the beam. Its.length cannot be ascertained, as it is lpartly coi?ered with a layer of sand borne' .2oft. deep. It will, if possible, be raised out of the sea. There is much specula tieon ns to the ago of the relic. It is thought by some to be not less than 100 years old. 