t J ^ d u o t a t e METIBOPBNE, BATPBDAY. JULY 30, AN ELECTRICAL ATMOS- PHERE. THE political atmosphere in the United Kingdom is ju9t at present electrical. After a general election a calm usually follows a storm, or, at the least, there is a very perceptible mitigation of strife. But it is no such thing in the present case. The storm continues, and the excitement is rather increasing than diminishing. As the result of strong opposite currents in the political atmosphere, there are frequent flashes of lightning, and the peals of thunder, though not appalling to anyone with steady nerves, are producing vibrations and reverberations which threaten the centre of gravity theory, so far as human intelligence is concerned. To that conclusion anyone reading the telegrams touching the political situation must come. Some of the reports are idle and foolish, but there are others which, if taken seriously, should be regarded as prognostics of a coming social and political convulsion. Party excitement appears to be about as high on each side as it could well be, and the consequence; is an exchange of threats which, put into execution, would mean nothing less than a resort to revolutionary! means of gaining . Home Rule or preventing its accomplishment. It must, however, be confessed that there is far more boldness in the Unionist designs for circumventing Mr. Gladstone's great aim than in any suggestion made by the Liberal party. The Daily News is pretty outspoken in suggesting that the Liberal party should throttle and choke the House of Lords before that chamber has had either occasion or opportunity for carrying out the evil deed on which it is. assumed to have resolved.. There is certainly a strong spice of the revolutionary spiritin the proposal that trial should be dispensed with as an unnecessary delay and useless form. There are discip-L linarians who approve of a child being whipped as a preventive measure, but we hairdly think that the Liberal organ will carry public opinion witli it in proposing that a similar precaution should be taken to prevent the House of Lords from offending on the Irish question. But the threats of the Liberal party to resort to extreme measures for the purpose of giving effect to the verdict of the country on Home Rule are mild in comparison which those which the Unionists are fulminating. Lord Salisbury's friends are advising him to stop at nothing rather than allow Mr. Gladstone to succeed in his shocking scheme of imperial disintegration. In their anger they have become red-hot revolutionists to whom not even the Constitution itself is any longer sacred. That ark of safety which they heretofore so religiously venerated as a holy thing on which no profane hand should be laid (is to be shunted aside if it prove an obstacle to the measure of resistance they are determined to offer Mr. Gladstone. This, at least, is their present intention, but it is just possible that a warning voice not to be disregarded may reach their ear before they dare put their scheme into execution. It could be tolerated that Lord Salisbury preferred being ejected from office to resigning, as there is some precedent for that course, though it is opposed to modern practice ; but the advice he has received to cling to office after an adverse vote, and prorogue Parliament to February, is altogether another thing. Any attempt of the kind would, of course, be revolutionary, and subject him to impeachment. It could only be done with the consent of the Sovereign, and as her Majesty has not yet lost her head, and is not prepared at the end of a long constitutional reign to do a most unconstitutional thing at the risk of her throne and the succession, there is' not the smallest danger that the reckless advice of desperate men will be adopted. Indeed, in our opinion there is no danger whatever that in any way the Unionists will dare to put any considerable strain on the Constitution. Defending as they really are the last stronghold of Conservatism, they may be expected to offer a desperate resistance to the Liberal party, not only on the Home Rule question, but on several others that might be named ; but they will not, and dare not, venture to advise her Majesty to consent to anything like a grave infringement of constitutional rule and practice. Why, then, it may be asked, have we devoted time and space to showing ;the absurdity of the threats in which the Unionists are indulging? There is a class of Irishmen to whom it is unnecessary to point out that the Unionists dare not carry their resistance very far beyond the limits of the Constitution, but there are others of our countrymen whose political information is not so extensive, and who are not at all unlikely to be discouraged by the phantom difficulties which Ireland's enemies have conjured up. Mr. Gladstone's opponents are busy peopling the course that lays before him with ghosts'of every mien—some of them as terrible as ogres in a pantomine, others as ludicrous as a strutting warrior in opera bouffe. They are all alike creations of the imagination or gross caricatures such as cannot possibly be any serious hindrance to Mr. Gladstone's Irish policy. There are some obstructions which his opponents can raise, but these are foreseen and are well understood. And none of them are ofj a character which he cannot, within a reasonable time, surmount. Nothing to his disadvantage that cunning and stratagem can accomplish will be neglected, but a statesman of his tried experience and marvellous capacity may be confidently trasted to overcome all difficulties of that kind, and force his way steadily through them to the goal he has in view. There are, indeed, few of the reports on the Irish question which jasfc now reach .this 1 colony to which any/importance need be.. attached. For the most , part they only useful as indicating that the great question on which they bear is absorbing the earnest attention of the people of the three kingdoms, and that the political atmosphere is electrical. And that it is so may be regarded as a good augury, for if a high estimate had not been formed of the power of the Liberal party to carry Home Rule, disestablishment, electoral reform, taxation of the unearned increment, and other measures to which the Conservatives are most 6trongly opposed, the Unionists would not be in that high state of fever of which we have so many proofs in the desperate but foolish resolves with which they are endeavouring to sustain their fast ebbing hopes and courage. 