A Stormy Evening on the Toowocmfca Han^e. By E.J.H. In the S. M. Herald. "WHAT prire the storm.?" sang out a railway porter standing at the door of the lamp-room at the Toowootnba station, as be rubbed his iiar.ds with some cotton waste. The whirling red dust ros> aloft and looked all the redder for the background of murky storm-cloud, which grew darker as it adianced. The porter smiled patronisingly on me as I docked behind a projecting wall to escape a vicious fling of dust and -gravel, which the wind caught up and deliberately aimed at my face. " Bill!" he shouted to a sorely-tried individual who has "engine driver" writ large all over his person, and who, half blinded by-the dust, staggers from across the road into the station building, carrying in his hand a small bundle and billycan ; " Bill, youll want your oilskins to-'igbt." Then he mutters scarce audibly, " What a storm wp're going to have !" All the way from Wallangarra, on the Queensland border, the country had pre sented a fair appearance. The Darling D<>wns was as a smiling garden. The broad furrow ploughed ou either side of the line as a fire-break had disclosed rich black mould contrasted with green, springy turf, After passing Gowrie Junction the eye had ranged over fine orchards and verdant vegetable gardens, and long before this point was reached we had beeu greeted with the beauty; of standing corn, and in many of the fields the reapers were at >vork, and the hot . >right sim of the first blusb of a Queensland summer had lent its glory to the harvest. In some of the fields a strip of wheat had been sown between strips of lucerne, and now displayed * broad band of gold boniered on either side by tenderest green - a feast of exquisite color. The atmosphere had been luminous and clear, the streams aud creeks had shim mered and winked in the stronsr bright glare, and horse aud cattle roaming at large iu the well-grassed paddocks had1'been well content to seek shade beneath the nearest clump of trees. Only towards sundown bad the atmosphere become sultry and oppres sive, and we were iu sight of the township of Toouoomba when , we first noticed a sullen gathering of storm-clouds iu the far south east. As our train backed into the Too uoomba station at 6 in the evening it was met by the whirling clouds of red dust and sand aforesaid, and It trembled perceptibly beneath the first breath of the tempest. The passengers got out on the platform; some went to the refreshment-room and had their tea, while others strolled up and down after the manner of people tired by a long j railway journey, and one heard such re- | marks as " By Jove, we shall get it just as I we start;" "Yes, we shall have it pro perly '' Look at that green cloud, that means hail, and plenty of it." And indeed the oncoming storm-clouds had assumed that dirty green tinge which to Queensland fruit growers but too often presages the ruin of their harvest. Hailstorms are never pleasant things anywhere, but in Queensland they are experiences to be ? emembered. " I mind me a hailstorm in Brisbane last summer," says an occupant of the smoking-carriage at the end of the train. " when an awful lot of stock were killed all over the country, and all the fruit destroyed-knocked off the branches, and the branches and trees them selves broken down and killed. In Brisbane the bolts and breakaways was a sight, I can tell you ; for the horses go mad with fright. I remember seeing a light American waggon and two horses, without the driver, going at fall gallop down the street, the horses frantic with terror. And yer know, when it hails about these parts, the galvanised iron is all. perforated as tbouuh bullets have been fired through it; and I've seen verandahs" "Oh, we know all about that," interrupts some one impatiently, and the narrator collapses. The experience is too familiar to most of the listeners to excite the slightest interest. As the train moves slowly out of the station- yard, the lightning plays about us with blinding frequency and the thunder claps are appalling. Some one in the growing dusk of the carriage has barely remarked, "This lightning, without rain, is very I dangerous," when the rain comes-not as it falls elsewhere, but with such force and volume that it threatens to beat in the roof | of our carriage, on which it rattles so heavily that conversation inside is inaudible. From the windows, on which the breath of the carriage occupants soon forms a thick fog, nothing is to be seen hut a dense wall of rain, through which a danger-signal on a semaphore would be invisable 20 vardt. away. And this with the night coming on, ou a light, narrow-gauge, single-track mouul taiu face aj>ove deep precipices and gossamer like bridges spanning dark gorges and the dry beds of torrents-the prospects might have been pleasanter. The train staggers slowly along, shaking violently with each fresh blast, and creeping forward with the utmost caution. Presently the rain finds a weak spot in a ventilator and pours iu in a stream, and one of the sickly feeble oil lamps expires with a spluttering hiss. " Have trains ever been blown off tbe line here like they have in New Zealand ?" inquired a passenger. "No," a local man answers, "I never heard of it. The danger from these storms arises from the fact of dry creeks becoming wide torrents almost at a moment's notice in such a downpour as this, and washing away or weakening the ap proaches to bridges before the. permanent way men can have time to inspect them and give warning of danger. Some years ago an eugine aud tender crashed through a bridge at Gowrie Junction and three men were killed, all ftom this cause." As the rain is now beating from the direc tion whence we are going, it is possible to stand on the platform at the end of the carriage with no greater inconvenience than is involved in an occasional deluge of rain drippings from the roof. It is not yet dark We are on a narrow siding cut in tbe face of tbe mountain wall, and the precipice towers many hundred feet above our heads and many hundred feet below us. It is very densely wooded, and looking upwards we can see the lords of the forest crowning the very ridge and standing out against the sky, tossing their arms about in dire confusion-sufficient evidence that those lofty heights are withstanding the onslaught of tempestuous winds from -which we are, comparatively speaking, sheltered. Oppo site us the forest rises in a steep wall, aud across its leafy face and amongst its trees the rain-cloud trails its sweeping tresses. Ragged edges of cloud have been caught in the nmbrageous network. Torn fragments have been dragged main body and stray lonely in ghost-like isolation-filmy shreds, white against the sombre green. The so-called f summer lightning", is open ing and shutting incessantly all ronnd the horizon, and at intervals of a few soconds terrible Hashes of fork or chaib lightning leap first from one cloud and then from another, now a ghastly white, then a steely blue, and presently such a flash, like a fierce sword thrust, leaps from a cloud below us in the dark gorge. Each flash is accompanied by an ear-splitting crash of thunder, and the eqund, hemmed in by the mountains, is in creased ^ hundredfold, and can only be likened t<j the explosion of some vast maga zine. This fisry display approaches so closely-for we seemed |to be nearing the centre of the Btorm-as to bje almost blinding, and when the train, f(looking r-Qjund one of j its apparently endless curies, exposes us ' fflU face to the pelting rain, we temporarily qu|t the magnificent spectacle and re-entef the dim carriage. "Wha$ a ni<je thine it wau'd be," said some one3 '*if the driver I «nd stoker got struck by Ughtniog, and til* train went ou at full speed without anyone to control it. What a smash there'<l lie ! I don't see why such a thing shouldn't happen. There's lots of steel about the engine yon know." and the speaker naZe«i round interrogatively. "Never beard of it happening," observed a stout party in the corner, puffing away at a short cutty, *. but I'll tell you what actually did occur t« me. I was travelling in a coach when the driver was struck dead by lightning and rolled off the box. That was a pleasant thing to a fellow, wasn't it now ? Killed stone dead, just as if yon had dropped him with a bullet!" "When and wheie was this?" asked & voice from behind a cigar. "In New Zealand-oh a matter of 20 years ago. We were going down a mountain road, like this might be, and it was night, black 'night, and raining like blazes. I was not on the box myself, [ was inside; but a man I knew- very well, a fellow named Brown, a commercial traveller, a very old friend of mine- in fact his father was a pal of my father's in the old country-he was sitting next to the driver. I had been sitting next to him, for you know on those b'g coaches of Cobb's there's room for two on the box besides the driver; but when it commenced to rain 1 said to Brown, I said! .Look here old fellow. "Whatisthat,' Something had struck the side of our car riage door. We felt a blow, followed by ;? loud rustling, and the glass of one of our windows fell broken on the floi.r Those nearest the door slid it back and were on the platform in a moment. The train had slackened down to a scarcely perceptible crawl. The guard in the compartment next to ours was craning his neck opt of ..the window. Looking backward along the track we saw the cause of the trouble. A tree torn from the heights by .the wind had been hurled down, and was hanging by its exposed roots to the edge of the narrow cutting we had traversed, and wehad brn&hed;"&gainst; its branches. Had it not caught where it did it must have fallen across the line, with unpleasant consequences to the train. We came bac^ into the carriage and re arranged ourselves in oar seats. Koine one has taken the stout man's corner and asks -"What about that yarn you bad jus commenced telling ns 3" "Oh," says the stont man, dropping into the seat opposite; '* I forgpt wheie I was." "And you had just said to Brown-I ? think that's were yon left off." "Oh, that dosen't matter, I forget now. Anyway, I was sitting inside holding down the"jlaps to keep the rain out, and Brown, who never would sit inside ; a coach, no matter what the weather was-one of those sort of men, yon know, who always likes to see where he.is going-Brown was sitting on ihe box beside the driver. ' The gradient 'was terribly steep, and we were going down very slowly, for the turns are so sharp that in the -daytime whenever you whip rouud one you for the moment lose sight of your leaders, and if--any mistake is made there's nothing in the world to save you from falling into the gorge 2000ft.-Well, I never! Here, I've been sitting under that confounded broken -ventilator and wondering where on earth the water came from ! Just look at my shoulder and arm its qnite sodden." And making a furtive effort to squeeze the moisture oat of himself, the stoat man swore wrathfully, and disconsolately shifts into another seat. There is something like a chuckle somewhere in the carriage, and then silence only broken by low murmured frag mentary conversation. A yarn twice inter rupted . is fatally doomed! No one even thought of asking him to resume it. The rain is now much lighter, and as we reach the lower levels we are better able to judge the effect of the brief and violent downpour. Muddy cascades poured down from the tops of the cnttings, every creek and culvert was a howling torrent, and after passing the 85-mile post eveiy lightning flash showed the permanent way and the ground on either side of it to be white with heaped up hailstones. As darkness has fallen, we see ihe landscape only by such flashes, and each time the lightning flames, uooded butress-like spurs, shadowy vallavs, the gleaming wet metals and white hail strewn track, appear to rush forward to meet us, and as rapidly disappear in sombre dark ness. At every bridge men are stationed, ?who signal " all's well" with their lamps, and scarcely three miles are traversed with out our seeing some lonely figure-a perma nent-way man, standing aside to let the train pass. As we approached Murphy's Creek we Blacken down to such a feeble crawl that every window in the train is alive with a curi< us face. Then, some one exclaimed, " Why, when I passed up this morning the place was as dry as a bone-not a pint of water in the creek, and look at it now!" And, indeed, one saw a wide, foaming sea of turbulent muddy water, in the midst of which appeared two half-submerged hotels, with lights burning in th*ir upper windows, and crowded with people, who called to us to have l'oats sent up to them. At a wayside station where we halted for a few moments we learnt that every lamp in the sleeping car had been smashed, and the car itself was flooded. As we left the moun tain behind us the evidence of the storm became less noticeable, and at last ceased altogether but for an occasional flash of lightning; and when we rolled into the station at Brisbane the moon was riding high in a serene and cloudless heaven. WATER was struck at Dillalah, about fifreen utiles from the Warrego. on the 24th February, at a depth of 1300ft. The water is reported to be almost fresh and quite soft, and is flowing at the rate of-250,000 gallons daily. THE ups and downs of life are strange. Among the navvies on the Parkes railway line are an ex-member of the Victorian As sembly, and a son of a British General. Perhaps a little good solid bard work will do'both gentlemen good. THE Supreme Court of the nnited States, to which an appeal was made by the owner of the Canadian .schooner W. P. Sayward, which was seized several years agobyau American cruiser for catching seals in BehringSeaand confiscated by the American court in Alaska, has at length given judg ment in the case. The Supreme Court de clined to interfere with the judgment of the Alaskan court, confiscated the vessel, on the ground that the owner had failed in his en deavour to question the jurisdiction of the court in Alaska. 