YACHTING. D E ltW E N T SAILING CLUB. Tho first two events on this season' programme were contested on Saturday afternoon, under by no means favorable circumstances; the weather was anything hut suitable for yacht racing, the wit,d being exceedingly light and variable. As usual 'he proceedings passed off without the slightest hitch, and McssrB Douglas. A. O'Connor, E. Maher, H . W. Knight, F render, and O. Morlcy, the 1 Hirers in charge, discharged their several duties most cffieirntly. The principal prir.es were the gifts of Mr A. B. Buyers, aud the Sphinx Tea Cooipany, and a very large amount of interest apjieared to he taken in the Hatches, judging by tbe large assemblage of spectators who, dejpite the almost overpowering heat, viewed the racing from the many coigns of vantage. I he s.s. iluou. looking a picture of neatncis, with a large complement nf passengers, closely followed the yachts throughout the races. Mit BrvEHs’ Tnopnr. Tncz, Hebe, Gleam, Daphne, and Olga nut in an appearance, the handicap! being—Hebe nnd Jncr, scratch; Daphm jtnin; Olga, 2mms; Gleam, 2 ’mins. A<> 2.51 p.m. M r Mnher dropped the Club ensign as a signal for tiic above-mentioned contestants to s'nrt, and away they sped before a light south- easter to the buoy off Smelling Work a Bay, the order of roend ing being—Iner., 3hre 3mins; Hebe. 3bn :tmins lOsecs; Daphne, • 3hrs 3miiiB 25secs; Gleaxi, 3Urs 4mins 35sccs Olga, 3hrs 7mins 35secs. The position of tlic two latter yachts was owing to their iiot being in readiness at the time of starting. Tho quintette stood ov< wards Jvosny on starboard tack, Inez aud llcbe sailing splendidly, then as the wind backed into the cart, shaped a course for the Long Point buoy; the liming there )>eing—)ncz, 3hrs 3&minB; 25sccs; Hebe, Nhrs 3ljmin8 30sees; Daphne, 3l.rs1 45mins 5 Gleam, 3hrs 45mins lOscrs; lfc«, 3hrs OSsecs 30sec«. Soon ufler, tlic first two rouDdcd the buoy the wind died away, and after 0 spell came with a smart rush from the westward accompanied with heavy rain so thick that the yachts were lost to view until reaching the bmelling Works huoy, which was negotiated as under;—Inez, -llirs 27mins 4tisecs ; Hebe. 4hrs 28muis ■Msecs • Gleam, 4lirs 39mine SOsccs; Olga, 4brs 41mtns40sers; Daphne, 4l:rs 43mius, Leading down to the Long Point buoy Hebe, well handled and carrying a great press of canvass managed to drag away from Inez whohad dispensed with her jsciiyardcr, as it was impossible to hold ber in tlic squalls as she steered so hard. The wind again fell light as the Long Point buoy was roaclicd, the timing being as under:—Hebe, 4br« 63mins lOsecs; Inez, 41irs 54mins; Gleam, 6hrs 9mins 4 ' sccb; Olga, t>hrs llmins lOsecs; Daphne, 5hrs 18mins. An exciting race home eosued between tho two leaders, but the Hebe, piloted by Williams, gradually “ghosted" away and eventually crossed the line an easy winner at 6brs HHvin a 25sccs;Inez, fib tb 40mio^30sccB ; Olga, Clirs 2mins 45secs ; Daphne, flhrs 4inins 23&ccs; ; Gleam, fibrs 4mms 28secs. 9 he Inez was well handled by M r F. Latham, and sailed in much better form than on the 9th inst, the replacing of her mart in its original position naving proved most beneficial to her. 28-rooTrns. As soon as the 2l-footcrs were well away the signal was given for the second class yachts to prepare, aud at Sbrsfimins the Mabel, Clyde, Volant, and Daisy were sent away to an excellent start, the crew of the latter yacht proving remarkably sharp in getting their large spinnaker s e t The handicaps deolarcd for this race were Volant end Clyde, scratch, Daisy, lmiu, Mabelj2, bat the result of tbe race did uot prove the wisdom of the handiespper. At flhrs l7mini 30iecs Mabel rmiuded the Smelting ^ o rk s buoy ; Volant, flhrs 1 Trains COsecs; Clyde, flhrs ITiniofl 57sces; Daisy, flhrs lOoiins 12sccs. Mabel and Clyde soon after rouuding stood back to the western shore, Volant and Daisy standing well oat on tho starboard tack which placed them, when they went about, fully a quoreter of n mile to windward of llie other two. Working down Volant and Daisy Uept£ their p sifions, tbe order of rounding the Long Point buoy beiog—Volant, 3hrs 58mins flOeecs; Daisy, 4hrs Imin 40soo»; Mabel, 'llirs fimipn; Clyde, litre frnins 35secs. The wind now died away altogether and the yachts gradually drifted away past the uuoy again, tho Volant not losing so much ground as heroontevrar. Alter about 20mins of dead calm the « ind come iu a burst from the westward, and &U; the yachts made up for lost time, as their reicctivc skippers did'-not spare them in -_e hard bro.'ws. 3 ho Mabel performed splcudidty, carrying her large loprail With the greatest rose arid travelling like a witch. Renting the ■Smelting Works Bay huoy Clydo took in her topsoil, the order of rounding being— Volant, 4hrs fl9mins fiOsccs; Mabel, 4-hrs 42mins 35secs; Daisy, 4hrs 43mins fiOsecs; Clyde, 4hrs fifimins fiOfecs. Working down to tlic Long Point buoy the wind gradually beeamc lighter, which made it worse for the rearmost yachts. Daisy, by the judicious use of her jib t-.pssii, improted her position, the order oF rounding the Long Point buoy for the last lime being Volant—6hrs6mipei Mabel, filirs lOmins; Daisy, 6hw lOmins 4fisec3j Clyde, flhrs 17mins 20secs. No wind was again the order of the day, and it was with difficulty th at the yachts held their own against the current, consequently the progress made to the Esplanade was very slow, although all available sail was brought into use. The line was eventually crossed by Volant ct fibre filmins dfisecs; Mabel, fibre 52mins 40socsj Clyde, filirs 68mins 49?ecs; Daisy, Chrs OminB 30sccs, Mabel, therefore, on time allowance, scores five nointo, and her helmsman (M rG . Cheverion) defcrves every ereditfor themanneri which ho handled his charge in the rail quail; her crew, led by M r W . Andrew . arc also deserring of special mention for their smartness. Volant, with Mr K- H. Webster in commtnd, showed that she was still as fast as evor, but the fates wefe against her scoring more than three >oints. Clyde so far does not appear to J9 a success, her weighted centreboard having taken most of the speed out of her. Daisy considering the weather performed well, and at times clearly showed that she possesses plenty of sneed. Next Saturday three events will be contested, for open to the lGft Giu Class and 21ft and 28ft classes re tirely, the principal prizes being trophies presented uy Messrs A. Gp^lor, Xfocl White, and F. H. Oldham. 