MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM A SPROIAL CORRESTONDENT). “Is there a crisis in this country" qneried Murk Twain, as he stepped out of a canoe on to the shorcs of one of the most pacifle of the Pacific Islamic “No" “then how do you run your institutions anyhow? Can’t ho much fun boro I" Cut, really wo'have got so on the edge of n crisis, at this present hour of writing, that' it Booms almost touching upon dolionlu ground to Joke about it, I. hnyo TeonTSbiiio ourfoun things in Parliament in my thno,but 1 don’t think I over.witnessed the spec tacle of a-whole House crossing’ Iho floor and leaving two Ministers, ,to, represent ( the Government, absolutely without a single supporter, A more prudent man than Mr, Zeal would have saved himself from the ignominy of this terrible' disgrace by "not in sisting upon a division which ho alone called fox*. But ho had his reasons, and I greatly fear that the Government intend to play the card of conflict between the Houses. If so, poor Victoria will .'be plunged more deeply in the mii*o, when she seemed just struggling through the last half ofit, and in sight of the hank. But if alio is dipped again, she will leave her Ministry behind nor; Still you must admit the position is serious. If on the Hint division of the session Ministers stand in tho position of two to, all it would bo farcical to say they control tho House, or oven 1 conduct the business. If i Ministers cannot conduct ite ; business,, if they cannot And oven a seconder : for their motions except that ono colleague flays tho oflice for tho other,how then can Uxoy carry on? In tho language of tho showman “ Who's going to keep the ghost alivo?" 1 have booh some curious circumstances in Parliamentary life, hut I don’t i*oraombor having come across a situation like this. At most times it would moan serious trouble, it may not now. If over a Government was sent into oflice with a commission to straighten up the finances first before all considerations it is this ono. The fooling in the air, and it is this >vhiuh , really controls Parliaments, is. that every issue mast ho subordinated to that. Tho Government musk ho trusted, niust ho helped to got tho national balance-sheet as right ;08 thuy can. A change would mean delay, now men with a now policy, and that eternal shufile onao raoro which disgusts us all with politics. Therefore tho majority will, for a time, support the Government. There may bo occasional sways of temper or aberration ou a division, but you can trust the old un's tip for a bit, though foy bow long it. is difficult to say. My impression is there will be no real fighting until after tho Budget. In this last prophecy I must speak of tho As sembly, alone. X confess it seems to mo that a constitutional crisis may'arise through the action of tho Council, which evidently finds Mr, Zeal’s load, intolerable. Ahl tho poor unemployed I One's heart bleeds .for them. Day by day thoir faces blanch, week by week they seem to grow more attenuated ond hungry looking. Day after day they hang around the Public Works Department and tho Treasury, hoping'.to clutch tho’slcovo of a Miniatcr or to watch the Governor arrive. Poor follows, they can do little more than eoo him walk up tho steps and disappear into his office, and that don't feed tho wifo and weans at homo. And at tho beat that treat is only onco a week. Possibly, some day a real philanthrophist will arise in our midst, who will rogulaio these things better and teach us how* better to bear up tho tottering, weakened foot of the shiftless. But T confess, to mo, those crowds—for, reader, you must please remember they are oft times thousands strong—wander ing about the streets of metropolis of thin colony unvailingly looking for work, while such vast areas unbilled, destined to support millions of tho human, race in future ages remain, seems to mo to emphasise that distinction between Labor and Capital which exists all tho world over. Some day a genius will arise who will discover tho blond. Associated with this theme there was an incident Inst Tuesday night at Parliament House, which 1 have not soon reported; You probably know thfit tho product of Parliament House is a line drawn from Lonsdalo street down. Exhibition] street to Flinders street, thence to Lansdowno street and round to' Albert street, Roughly speaking, Micro is about an eighth of n mile of environment in whioh no crowds are permitted to .assemble nor poti-. tions bo presented, nor attempts made upon tho political virtue of members of Parliament. Notwithstanding this law, I have been present within tho precinct at some few little political affairs at tho While Heart, or Johnny Sheehan’s, which fairly came under the name of crowds. But, on Tuesday night there occurred—that most illegal thing—a deputa tion of ladies within tho precinct, to inter view tho Minister of Public Works. Thoy rushed up the stops and clamored at the doors, where the police refused them admit tance but ore they had reached it thorp was a crowd of. about threo hundred people on tho slops of Parliament House, eager to ■ Icaru how thoy had fared. The ladies braved tho penalties of violating tho precinct, but thoir action that night only shows how dire is tho distress. Tho principal ' topic of conversation during tno last few days has been tho result of tho Jackson and Slavin boxing contest, in London on Monday night. Nor is this con fined to tho sporting community only. "Walk ing on tho street pavements you hoar men of all stations and dcgrocs discussing tho matter. King Muscle has boon onao again In the ascendant and has found votaries ond sub jects in all directions. To listen to tho talk, and to note tho enquiries with which the ox traordinarios wore bought up, ono, \yould'havo thought somo groat uational event had tran spired, i-.stead of 1 a boxing match between two Austalians in London. Our visitors may well say that there is no country, not even America, so completely given over to the worship of brawn and muscle as is this Sunny South of ours., But there is ono 1 useful moral'to be drawn even from a boxing match. That is tho usefulness of sober, tem perate living. Slavin, tho man who has. been beaten, was whilo in Australia, noted for the strength of his constitution and his excessive vitality. Then ho went , to, England, was suc cessful in. his career, and, at. onco plunged into all all tho dissipations of tho world’s j metropolis.. Flattered and feasted, as success ful men, oven in his calling, are, all prudence was thrown to tho wind. No more careful living or steady training for his engage ments. Result: The loss of recuperative power just at the moment it was most re quired, and consequent defeat and disgrace. The athlete, bo ho footballer, cricketer, gymnast, boxer, or what not, has bad ono more forcible illustration of the deteriorating effects of dissipation. | The city on Wednesday was thororbughly en fete, the occasion being tho celebration by i our butchers of thoir anniversary. For some hours tho streets were occupied by a proees- I sion of butchers’ carts of all sorts and sizes, and drawn by steeds from tho diminutive ; pony to tho sixteen hander, and with tho < wheels gaily decorated with flowers and i ribands and with" bright flags and banners overhead. Tho whole turnout was an attrac- j tivo ono and spoke well for tho enterprise of' our butcher lads. It helped to give somo idea of the extent of our moat trade and its .im portance, though it at tho samo time com pelled surprise that so rich a trade should find it necessary to spring tho price of meat bo hurriedly on tho consumer. That thoy have done so is evidenced by tho fact that notices are out that till further notice up goes tho price of moat a penny . a pound- Thb unemployed arc by no means satisfied with tho way matters ore being conducted on thoir behalf in the Legislative Assembly. Point out to them that the Government are doing nil they can to find them work and they, reply that u while tho grass is growing the steed is starving,” and that at 'the rate matters are progressing on , thoir behalf, tho wocst.of tho winter ‘ will bo over and with it it the necessity for much of the relief work. That there is much truth in their remarks no ono can deny. Hope deforced adds greatly to tho trouble of hundreds of worthy unem ployed. They assemble day after day at tho Govern ment offices, only to receive *tho stereotyped reply, in more or less courteous official language, nothing definite done yet ” In view of tho deep distress at present existing in Melbourne at the present time ono could wish that any debate concerning tho advis nbilty of the proposed relief works might bo gagged; and os many men os' possible boal lovted to earn bread for themselves, thoir wives and their families, oven if on undesir able precedent wore established; ; '' 1 Tho electric light tragedy in Bwanstbn street has directed fresh'attention to tho dangov ox-' istent in allowing the wires to run along bur principal streets in tho open air. It has, 1 j think, boon fairly established that lightning was tno first cause of tho disaster and tho old j question of burying tho wires once more suggests'itself. 1 Tho matter is, 1 I hear, to bo mentioned shortly in tho Assembly. j A Wise Law in Berlin.— A careless and | unsuspecting American who was sightseeing in Berlin, was wandering along with his umbrella sticking out behind ' him almost at right-angles, when ho suddenly folb a blow upon it which Bent if to the ground with a j crash;, Looking orbiind in somo .vexation-"as well as surprise Ho encountered the stern, gaze of a citizen,of Berlin, who, on discover ing tho gentleman’s inability - to understand Gorman, explained - with- somo difficulty in broken English-that ho had only-followed tho law of the oity. “ I eoe I have you .'astonish,”' he remarked, with severity; ‘‘but 1 it is the law in this city; it is not allow so to cariy- rt stick,” and, with'ar bow,’ho passed on. The American learned on enquiry that such was tho case. -Everyone is permitted, oven en couraged, by the authorities to strike down ] an offending walkingTstick or umbrella' in this' way whenever he sees it,' ond the ono whose property receives tho blow hod best accept’ tho reproof with good grace, ns popular opinion is against him, and his complaint would elicit no sympathy. At least, a Now YorkJJpap.cr'says so. 