THE DAY OF REST. WE KNOW. A SERMON by the Rev. LYMAN ABBOTT, D.D. "I know Dim whom I have believed, and I am neisuaded that He is able to keep that which I have committed unto Him against that day."— 2 Tim. i. 12. Do you observe tbe difference in the verb? I know Him whom I have trusted; I am pernui&ei; that He is able to keep that which I have com mitted unto Him. Paul uses tbe verb " know" very frequently. If to be sure in tbe realm of religion is dogmatism Paul is the most dogmatic of writers. Hear him I know that the law is good; I know that tbe law is spiritual; I know that in me—that is, in my flesh—there is no good thing: 1 know that the whole world groaneth and travaileth in pain until now; I know that- all things work together for good to them that love God; I know that I am the temple of God; I know Him whom I have trusted. These are— SOME 01'- HIS POSITIVE ASSEVERATIONS. They are never founded on traditional beliefs. He never says I know something because the Church, Jewish or Christian, haB proclaimed it. I do not say that we may not strengthen our faith by the faith of others. We may. I do not say that the hereditary and continuous testimony of the Church is not a ton!c of faith. It is. But Paul does not base any of bis " I knows" on this as a foundation. Nor does he base them upon argument. I will not say that he never reaches a conclusion by a logical process and formulates it with an " I know;" but it ib certainly very rare for him to do this. But he often breaks into an argument with a great "I know," as in the eighth chapter of Bomans, when into his winter picture of a world groaning and travailing in pain together until now, there suddenly bursts through, as a bright sunlight through tbe storm cloud, " We know that au things work together for good to them that love God." No. Paul's " I know" is not a logical conclusion—it is the strong asseveration of a personal spiritual experience. There are some things in religion which we may know. I want to talk of them. They are not, perhaps, very many, but they are very fundamental. And now I am going to speak to you out of Ml° OWN EXPERIENCE. If I give my words an autobiographical form, and if they have some aspect of egotism in them, you who are accustomed to hear me from Sabbath to Sabbath will pardon the unavoidable infelicity. I read the other day a story of a young girl living on the coast of England, who took ber littlo boat one bright summer afternoon and rowed out two miles from the coa«t to a buoy; and then, filled by tbe inspiration of the sunlight and the day, pushed on two miles further; absorbed in her thoughts, she noticed nothing about her until, suddenly waking from her day-areams, she saw a great fogbank creeping down from and veiling the shore. Then in her terror, losing lier presence of mind, she caught at her oars and pulled with such vehemence that she broke one of them and was left, the fog hiding the shore, and creeping down upon ber, cold and pitiless. I have been on tbat sea. I have known what it is to have all the solid verities of religion hidden in the fog; what it is to bold in doubt every article of faith save only two—faith in my own soul and faith in some unknown God. I ought to sympathise with those who are in the fog. I should be strangely, strangely inhuman if I did not. This Sabbath morning I want to try to retrace publicly the steps which I hare trod again and again when the same cold fog has crept down and overwhelmed me, and I have wondered where I was and whether there was any truth. I want to tell you this morning, not the tilings I think, not even the things I am reasonably sure of, not even tbe things I am reasonably sure of, not eves thy earnest convictions—I want to tell you the things I know in religion. And, first of all, 1 KNOW THAT I AM. . . A very simple statement, you say, and yet, after all, a fundamental one. When I have road Hume's vapourings about the mind being a mere succession of phenomena, a phantasmagoria that passes across the stage, and ends when death rings down the curtain; when I have read Sir Henry Maudsley's theories that man is only a mechanism, and this thing we call thought is only the SDark of an elec tric machine, I am perplexed until I come back to look into myself and my own consciousness; then I know that I am. If I stand outside and look at you, I may question whether you may not be a machine. If I stand outside and look at myself, I may question whether I may not be a machine. But if I question my deepest consciousness, I know that I am, and that I am something different from the outside world; something different from this desk, from this book, from this platform; some thing different from the body that I rule and con trol. I am something different from this hand, something different from this eye. When I have a toothache it is the tooth that aches, not I; when my brain is tired, it is the brain that is tired, not I; when disease enfeebles me, it is a disease of the body, not disease of myself. I know, in other words, not that I shall be immortal, but that I am. Ob, I, too, have stood by the open grave and looked down into it, and I, too, have longed for the voice that never speaks, and for the vision of the angels, and seen no vision there. I have known what it is to stand and look into that vacancy and wonder what has become of the friend that has gone; and I have looked forward to the time when my body, too, should be laid in the grave, and have wondered what lies beyond, and whether anything does. What I shall be I know not, save as I take the testimony of Jesus Christ as of one who does know. But I know that I am more than my body, more than all that can be seen or heard or touched, more than this outer tenement which suffers decay; I know that I—the real, true I—am not touched by sickness and I am persuaded will not be slain by death. And I know that I live in A WORLD OF MORAL LAW. I am not so sure that this material world is governed by physical laws, nor so sure that this body is governed by sanitary laws, as that there are laws of right and wrong that rule my spirit. I know that right is right and wrong is wrong. I know that right is not merely another way of spelling prudence, nor sin merely another way of spelling folly. I know, you know, we all know, that we are moral characters bound together by moral law; that this moral law is the foundation of the home, of the State, of Government, of everything of value in human life. When I enter into philoso phical disquisition as to the nature and origin of moral law I reach conclusions that differ from the conclusions of some of my fellows, and I can recog nise their right to differ. I can understand this man who thinks that the laws of right and wrong were evolved from the instincts of the animal crea tion, though I do not agree with him. I can under stand this other man who thinks that laws have their final validity in statutes enacted by an Almighty God, though I do not agree with him. I can understand bow my neighbour should disagree with me, who hold that right and wrong are final and ultimate factors—laws of my being as they are laws 'of God's being. But these are philosophic disquisitions. Of these conclusions I am persuaded. But I know that there is a right and that there is a wrong. And that I HAVE BROKEN THAT MORAL LAB" that I have broken it in specific acts, and not con formed to it in the whole tenor and structure of my being. I know that remorse is a peculiar kind of sorrow; that the sense of guilt is a real deep, true Beuse. Sometimes it is a poignant, bitter pang. Sometimes it is a great dark shadow. Sometimes it is an evanescent regret. But come as it may, in what form it may, changed with changing lives and characters, it is a real, vital, actual experience. I have sinned. I have come short of the glory of the divine ideal, of my own ideal. Do we not all know that?. Is there a man, a woman, a child in this house that does not know what it is to look back with regret upon the past, or look forward to the future with a great, strong aspiration to be some thing better, larger, nobler, than he has yet become? Is there one whose soul does not some times echo that cry of Tennyson's— Oh, for a man to arise in me, That the man that I am may cease to be! As to the origin of evil we may differ; but there can be no question of this one great thing—that we have sinned. You are not the nusband you ought to be. You are not the wife you ought to be. kou are not the man or the woman- you ought to be. Your ideal has not yet realized itself in your character. It is not merely that you are raw and green and unfinished. It is not merely that the child needs some additional instruction; that the web is not completed in the loom. There are in i; threads of pride, passion, sensuality, evil imagina tion. The good that has been in you has been alloyed with evil, and the evil has debased the good. And then I know that T1TERE ARE FORCES AT WORK, forces in myself, forces outride myself—to help ran to a better life. I know there is evil in this worhi that pulls me down ; but then I know that there are forces that are drawing ine upwards. I remem ber to-day how, many years ago, I sat almoBt over that clock and listened while the great preacher stood in this pulpit, not merely stirring us for the moment now to laughter and now to tears with his incomparable eloquence, but putting into the heart of a young man the eeeds that were to bear their fruit in after life, and starring the soul of a young man with an inspiration and an aspiration that never have died out. I look back across the years and remember that father with whom I lived, alas! too little, for home was broken up, and even in my boyhood I knew no true home—that father whom I never beard utter a word that he ought to recall, that father whose judgment always seemed to me wise, and whose spirit seemed to me always just and tender and true, that father so catholic that all the world was his friend, so large-minded that in every error he could see a truth and in every errant man a child that should come back to God again; and I know there was INSPIRATION IN BIS INFLUENCE. I look back and see the vanishing figure of a mother whom I cannot recall save as a dim and distant memory, a mother whom I remember only as on invisible influence rising from the grave where the form bad to be laid to decay, and I know that she inspired and restrained me, and that I was a better boy because her influence was about me and around me and with me. I know what the in fluence of innocent childhood has beeu. 1 know what have been the gentle restraint and the noble inspiration of a Christian wife. 1 know what has been the value of a home to keep me pure and make me ever wish to be purer. Oh, is there no meaning in these words child and wife and father and mother and home and love? Do we not know that there are redemptive influences at work in the world? Wherever we may think they have come from, however we may define atonement and for giveness, do we not know that love is in the world, and that love redeems? And if we will but consi der a moment, do we not know that all these in fluences are, at the heart of them and in the spirit of them, one; that love, in father, mother, hus band, wife, home, Church, pastor, is all one great current of love; that they are not merely rivulets of life scattered here and there, but one great magnifi cent river of love? Gall it what you will; still it is there— THE GREAT POWER OF LOVE working in the hearts of men, and making them redeemers of others because redeeming love is in tliem. And I know that there are times when the voice that never is heard speaks, and the arms that never touch enfold, and the eyes that never are seen look into my soul. I know—oh, if 1 know anything, 1 know this! True, He always comes to me as a veiled figure; but if 1 know anything, I know that there is a power greater than preacher or father or mother or wife or child, who has stood beside me and does stand beside in life's great battle. And one thing more I know. As one goes into a great cathedral and hears the music playing in the air end filling the groined arches, and looks up and wonders whence it comes, and finally discerns afar off the organ-loft within which are the unseen organist and choir; or as one wakes in the morning, and, looking out upon the morning dawn, wonders where the east is, looking first out of this window and then out of that, ana finally discovers tlie sun just shutting itself behind the veil of clouds, so I look to see if there be not some embodiment of this miracle of redemption. Is there no central sun that holds in itself and yet gives perpetually tortli this light that guides and inspires tlie world? 1 find it here in this New Testament. There are SOME THINGS AUOUT THIS CHRIST of which I am persuaded. I have longed to know whether this Christ of the New Testament was indeed tlie world's Bedeemer. I have looked—I think I may safely say it—I have looked the diffi culties in the way without hesitation. Not with out foreboding I have read what philosophy has to say against the miracles, but with the constantly increasing belief that a profounder philosophy shows the miracles to be rational. I have read what criticism lias to say against the historical fidelity of the Four Gospels. I think I understand measurably the mythical theory, tlie legendary theory, the naturalistic theory; and I have come with increasing conviction to believe that the Four Gospels are historically true. These are things of which I am persuaded. I believe with the universal Church in Jesus as the Son of God, who was con ceived by the Holy Ghost, born of the Virgin Marv, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, dead, and buried; the third day He arose from the dead. He ascended into heaven, and sitteth at tlie right the quick and the dead, , and I hold' them all as result of exploration, investigation, balancing of doubts and difficulties, and with the respect for the mind that judges differently. Bat there are two things that I do not hold in any such way; I know them. I know that this Christ presents to me, and I think I know that this Christ presents to every soul that will honestly study His life THE IDEAL OF HUMAN CHARACTER. I know that nothing to be found in literature or in history or in my own imagination compares with this inspiring ideal life recorded in these Four Gospels. And I know that from that life, histori cally, has come that redemptive influence which is lifting the world step hy step. In the first century the world was lost in paganism, in ignorance, in sensuality. The keeper of the swine was like the swine, wallowing in filth and in the mire. Not by an instantaneous word, but little by'little, the devil has been driven out of the man that was possessed, and the evil one has gone, and he that was pos sessed is beginning to sit clothed and in his right mind. I trace the history of redemption in the history of the world back to the cradle at Bethle hem and the resurrection at Jerusalem. And then I unroll the book of my own life, and I see that the pastor and father and mother and children and wife have ministered to me only, or chiefly, as they have brought me more and more to know this Christ, to love this Christ, to lay hold on this Christ, to found my hope in this Christ. And so, not for the miracles that encircle Him, not for the flashes of power that spring from His presence like sparks from an electrie battery, but for what He is in Himself, and for what He has done for the world about me and for my own soul, I know Him whom I have believed. There are many things uncertain, many things unsettled, but there are some THINGS WE MAV KNOW. We may Know that we are; we may know that we are moral beings under a moral law; we may know that we have sinned, and need not merely pity for our sorrows, but mercy and forgiveness for our sins; we may know that there are influences at work in the world through father and mother and home and preacher and literature and history by which we may be lifted into a higher and better life step by step. And if we will trace these influences back to their source—if we will turn and look to see whence this miracle of redemption comes, whence this light comes that streams in through all the windows and makes for life and love—we may know that Christ is the light that lighteth every man that cometh into the world. We know Him whom we have be lieved, and we are persuaded that He is able to guard that which we have committed unto Him against that day. 