TWO NIGHTS JN A WOEK HOCJSE (PALL MALL OAXHTTli.) • Clio accommodation provided for tho desti tute iu tho casual wards is attracting a good aeal of attention just now ounll sides, and from ' many points of viow. Tho president of tho Xiocal Government Board has given [striking evidence of the ^ importance lus attaches to tue subject by his “ surprise” visit of inspec tion to sorno of the East-oud Casual Wards. Inspection is good, but experience is better. The male “ Amateur Casual ” is an old story 111 tho Fill Mull 6’n:cttet and his piece of bread stilt figures iu the Museum at tins ollico. But no attempt bus yot coon made, so far as we aro • aware, to throw the sosrch-light of experimental journalism upon the condition of tho female casual, Mr. Ritchie. we .observe, limited even his inspection to tho male casuals. But nt the same time that the prosiclont of tho Xioeal G-overumeut Board wu3 making his tour of inspootion in tho East-cud a lady representa tive of the Fall Mall Gazette was taking her torn os au Anmteur Casual. She stayed iu two nights, and the following is tho plain, un* varnished talo of lior experiences. Wo will for tho prosont leave our roadera to draw thoir own morals, if auy, confining oursolves on this ocoasiou to tho bare recital of our Amateur Casual's exi'oriouces aud impressions :— Xt was bitterly cold on tho evening a few days ago when, aftor eating tho very largest meal I ever had in my life, I set out for on? of tho workhouses in tho poorest parts of London. It is quite cloao to the. docks—in a neighbourhood, as every body knows, whoro poverty and wroteboduoss abound. That is why I solected it. I drew my'old dolman tightly round mo—it was so very old that no pawnbroker would have taken it as a gift—and walked fast to got warm. But ths cold wont through my rugs aud pierced me to tho bone. It was quito dark when I reached the workhouse. I had with mo a huinblo friend —the woman who lent mo tho things I win wearing—to show me tho way. “ I believe this is tho door,” she said, pulling a bell. 1 was astonished, fori expected to seo a shivering crowd waiting to be admitted. But thoro was nobody. This seernod to mo strange at the time; but I think I can understand it now. A woman opoaed the door—I couldn’t see her face in tho dorkuess—and a couplo of big dogs made their appearauco. “ Is that tno casual ward?” askod my friend. ;* Yes; what do youwaut?” was tho reply. “Nothing; only this young woman wants a night’s lodging.” “ Well, what have you got to do with it?” snapped thoothor. “ She's big ouough to speak for herself, I should think. Have you .got nowhere to go?” was tho next quostiou, v-. -addressed to mo. , , , v “No,"I answered, simply. ■"' “Well, what, aro' you, married'or single? .Have you ever done any work ?” “*A widow. When I can get work, I work ■at paper—bags. “ Well, if you coma in you'll have to pick two pouuds of oakum, and if your task isn't done by 11 o'clock in tho morning you wou't go out till the following day. Wednesday.” I said tliatl had quick fingers, nnd if tho task was anything like a reasonable ono I could do Tho woman was tho wife of the superinten dent. I burned afterwards. She was fair uud florid, clean, uud neatly dressed. I somehow ‘•imagined that her hard expression and snappish manuer were both assumed. She left me istandiug in the pas.sugo in earn of tho two big dogs, and wont into the ofTico to enter parti cular* in a hook. “'Where did you sleepiest night?” X gave ail address in a back street at London fields—boldly, as I boon to be forgiven. “Hackney way, isn’t it? I don’t think thoro’* a streot of that name thoro/’ “ You cm look uud “ In tho directory ? 1 feigned surprise.) 20,” I said. (with u look of real or “ How old aro you ? ” I gave my correct age, but thoro is no reason why I should toll it hero. “ Have you any inouey about you ? ” “ Nor knives? ” “ No.” Iu answer to other questions, I said that I 1 was making my wav* to Bromley in K;ut, where I hoped to UuU a relation who would give me shelter. The woman carao out of the oflico and oponod a door opposite me, (to call somebody. A man came forward whom: she sent, downstairs for something, and I just caught a glimpse of a narrow atone passage with a row of aoors on each side. The man came bicktn a miutite or two with a pint cm turee-pares tilled with porridge and a pmuy loaf. “Tako., your, supper uud go upstiirs,” said tho woman. She went up with mo, followed by one of the big dogs. I was taken U)ipv,a bithroorn. “ Sit down thtra am! oat yoUrsuppor. You’ll have a bath.” Tho hot water tap was turned onund allowed to run » bout fiix inches. of water in the bith. I'gulped down a few spoonfuls of the porridge. It was rather nasty. Thoro was a - lot' of salt in it, and I got two or threohalf-dissolved lumps in my mouth. With difliculty I managed to eat a few mouth fuls of bread. I said I was not dirty, and didn’t need a bath. But the woman told ine I should ho compelled to havu it, and I could soo from hoi manner that elm meant what oho said. So I undressed, and to)»l her I could manage. “Oh, no; I must watch you in.” I didn’t sneak for a few seconds, but whon I had untied all my rags, ami was ready to slip them off 1^ said, “Well, I have some sense of per<onal decency, but if you will stand there of course tt can’t bo helped.” “ Oh, you needn’t mind mo; I see all sorts of people. It's not so hid os having a mail standing by. I can’t leave you. What if you wore to commit suicide—haug yourself or cut your throat 'i Throw the water ovoryourback. I am not supposed to leave this door while you aro in there. You any you’re a paper-big maker. I should Vo thought a young woman like you was lit for something bettor.” “ I've not been at it long,” I said. “ I havo comO'dowu in tho world through uo fault of my Showcnt out for a second, but the dog lay outside the open door keeping wat:h. “ You needn’t bo afraid of the do*,” she said, coming back. “He’s here to protect rn-i, Thuro’s some desperate characters in hero sometime*. Ho nearly had a woman who was iu about a fortnight ago. She was drunk and got hold of “Are there manypoople here to-night?” I ventured to ask. “ Your'e tho only woman, and thore won't bn any more to-night. They don't lik^ coining hero. It's too cloan. They like to go to kiiuw of tho other places whore they're all together. Hero they don’t seoeach.othor.” “ But nreu’t there any men ?” “ Oh, yes, alot downstairs.” “ What am I to put on ’r” “ You’ll have a nightdress. Thoro it is ; you’re not allowed to take anything of your own into your coll. V • I put the uigbtdross .on. "It was made of . very coarse. • ►tuflf. ami 1 ctdy reached to ray . knees. . “ "Fold your olothos up together m abundle. • You’ll take thorn with you to your coll door and loavo them outside. You can put on your shoes to go down the passago. Take your bread with you: Ican’t throw it away.” a I w&sehown; into a little stone coll, about the size of an ordinary bathroom, with white washed walls. It had a small window, high enough to be out of roach, contained an iron bedstead, a straw mattress and bolster, and two rugs. I was locked in. There was an aperture with iron bars at tho toil of tho cell on the same sido as the door, nuu I got some gaslight from the passage through this. Across one side of the tioor there was a ho’-waler pipo, but it novo**, whon I touched it, was over moro than warm. I wrapped myself in tho blankets and lay down, but tuo bedstead wix so short that to keop in ray feet I had to Ita somewhat crouched up. I tried to be philosophical, hut this was difficult, for I was shivering horribly. It would soon be nil over though, I kept saving to myself, and I resolved to work as I c.-uld ut my task next morning, so that I might get out at 11. At midnight, when everything waft quiet. I began to wish I hadn't read “ It-*al Ghost Stories.” I covered up my face ami tried to go to sleep. Hut I couldn’t eveu get drowsy; and it was a positive relief to mo iu the small hours of tho morning to hear somebody suore. I scarcely had a wink of sleep all night. About half-past G in tho morning the door of my cell wab unlockod: not by the woman I saw at night—an oldor woman, with a moro for biddiugoxpro«eion. She didn’t speak at first. 1 Buppoeo she thought that to stare was as good as to speak. I got up. “Take your hod iu there,” she sold, poiuting to the call opposite. “Bring out the rugs as well. -Take in your clothes.” I was locked iu again. Tho woman came hack in about tcu minutes with a can of porridge such as I had atnightand another loaf. “Takoyour breakfast,’’ she said, and locked me in just as before. I had only bad a mouth ful or two of tho porridem whou she came in again. This time she Drought with her a dozen pieces .of cart-rope, each about lOin. .“You’ve never done any of this aort of .work?”,.-. . .. “No;” ,. .. '• r \i She took up oue piece of rope, untwisted a coil, ami I brushed is against tho iron bo Isteud. j It was now in about 10 pieces of string. Sho ! n-mlv t.hrA*m»;d to Huff ono pices to show mo how to do it. “How long will it take mo to do it all?'1 I “ Nearly all day, I reckon.” “ If I work very hard, can’t I got it finished by 11?” “No, you couldn’t finish it by then. You’rn not going out to-day. you know,” sho said rather tauntingly* “Tho missus told you you weren’t lost night.” Sho went out, but cami bnek in a minulc or two with u cun of water. Seeing that I was working instead of eating my breakfast, she said, “ You’re not going out to-day, my girl, so out your breakfast.” I wont oil working without making any answer, Tho men downstairs were breaking ptouos. To tho sound of their ceasaloss hammering I thrashed and tore away ut tho ropo as fast us my lingers could move, never stopping to rest fora minute. It v/«s tarred ami very hard and sticky. I suppose tho tiuio must havo been about II when “ tho missus ” . looked in and said, “ Well, how nro you getting A little prattling baby girl had followod h«r , to tho door, uud sho pushed iu her inquisitive little face to look at mo. “I am afraid I haven’t nmdo much progress,” I said. i I had shroddod two pieces of the rope, and there woro 10 iuoro to do yet. “Beat it agaimt your bodstoad,” said tho womau. “You’ll fliid that’ll soften it a good deal.” I trid hor that I had been doing that. “Yes, but you don’t beat it half hard enough.” She wont away, looking tho coll door as usual. I went ou workiug fast and steadily . for about uuothor throe hours. Myshouldoia were beginning to acbo. and I had blisters on the first and eocoud lingers of mv right hand that were getting very painful. One, in fact, bad become raw, ana was bleeding. Thu woman who brought me my broakfast brought me my dinnor. It was a piece of ohooso and another penny loaf. Sho wasn’t so boorish this time, Sho asked me if I wanted unothor can of frosh driukiug water. I didn’t touch the broad and cliooso, but wont on working. I had got five pieces of tho rope shredded, and there was only the afternoon left to finish the other seven. It would bo too dark to work after C. What if I didu’t got finished before then! I was getting into a feverish, distracted state. “Do you think I shall get it done to-day ?” I asked. “It's to bo hoped so,” said iu a tone that implied that sho did uot think anything of the sort. “You’ve pickod that first lot fine, but this lot’s coarser. It’s no uso to pick it any coarsor than this,” Sho left mo at that, and, still hoping that I might cowploto my task iu time to esuapd. auothorsleepuoss night in the iv-ll. I tore ilia traotedly at tho oakum. Fr«*«u 1 o'clock till (j I never ceased the monotonous, painful toil — iny tinware ov«ry moment Incoming iuoro soro uud painful, Bui hard us I worked I could see se the daylight fadod that my efforts w-.re hopeless. When the matron brought what 1 suppose I must call by courtesy my tea—it vips broad and porridge—only that ami noih'ng iuoro—I was standing ou the bedstead picking at tho rope imd citchiug the lust glimmer of daylight. I hud had practically no foed— 1 couldn’t out what hud b***n offered iuo— uud 1 really wus heartsick at the prospect of much inoro of this priaou-liko rigour. I h id playnl the amateur casual long enough, but there was my unfinished task before ino. To havo con fessed myself would have bocu to court a prosecution for getting tny food and lodging (save the mark) by false pretence*--. ! Besides that, it would havo been cowardly. 1 No; that task must be done. Could I finish it by candlelight, and bo free myself? This faint ray of hope for an instant lightened the dark ness, but “ the uiisuH” -40011 extinguished it. “ Can I huVo a light?” I asked, with tears iu my voice and iu my oyos, though she could’nt aeo thorn. “You can’t,” she said, but there , was a tone of pity own in this short answer, I and it tempted mo to plead. “ For Heaven’s sak*, if vou’vo any pity, let me Have a light. If I am in this dreadful placo another day I shall go mud.” “ Well, I don’t know that it’s very droadful. If you go into other casual wards you’ll find you would’nt got spoken to us vou’vo be.au spoke to h*re, or treated the same way. And I told you whim you came iu whut you would havo to do.” “ But tho task is a mnustrom one,” I re tortod, my indignation beginning tq;,get thu better of uiy other feelings. “To think that human boiug* should be treated like this for being simply destitute. It's shameful! It’s monstrous!” Did this outhurst make her doubt whether I was a gouuino cjbuuI. I wonil-r ? Do tho poor creatures who really are destitute humbly do the prison task—thu hard, painful prison task—for tho shelter of u cell and a bit of coarse food? Whether it’was-a guess at the truth, or only the natural pity.of a woman’s heart, she softened < to me. Shu was-anxious that I should not think that the jorsouallywas to ' “It's notmv fault, you know. It’s nothing to do with m*.” Sho oven went, so far as to oxptutu that the guardians ordarod the food. She was there, she said, only to enforce tho rules. One part of her apology deserves to bo O3pocially noticed. ••They’re not all like you, you know. I should think from your manner you’ve been educated ami well brought up. Most of the jioople who come lioro are used to this sort of life, and many of them havo been iu prison.” A. faint reflection, this, of tho idea* of what is duo to the poor and ignorant held by many who are higher placed than tho “ missus” of tho casual ward. This opportunity to lighten at least herdurkness I instantly seized on. “Are not tho poor and the ignorant, and even those who had perhaps committed a theft aud suf fered punishment for it, human I beings with tho same feolings and emotions us tho educated and well-brought-up?” She teemed to seo tho matter iu a new light. It was too ftroug, aud dazed her. Sho only said in a confused, half-convinced sort of way, “ Oh, ye3. thoy’re human beings. but-” The end of our tulk was that sho left tho cell door open so that T could soe to work by tho light of tho gua outside. . . I hid worked away some little time, not even looking up from the rope I was fluffing, when a faint little voice caught my oar. Looking up. I sow ataudiug at tho door the matron’s littlo girl—a pretty little fair-haired thing about two years old. She uoemod to have boon watching me for some minutes, and now was rt-ady to omko up to me. She said something I didn't, quite catch. Just as I was about to speak (I had almost smtehod her before I remembered I was a tramp), h*r mother’s voice woe hoard : “Cotno away from there.” There was a moment of hesitation aud a look of disappointment, and then tho little thing nn away. My progress after this incident Beamed doubly slow. Soon I gave it up iu despair and resigned myself to another mght of the cell. • Still- I*, was picking away, wheu the "sicortil woman' I have .spoken of- came' along and told mo that I iieedii’t • do any more, 1'bud' beon let off the thin pieesa of rope yet unpicked. This did not mean eso ipo. however. Of course as far as thoy knew I h id no shelter for tho night. By the woiimu’o instructions l got the straw mattress and the two rugs from the coll I had ouriod thorn toiii tho morning, made the beat disposition of them I could, and then was locked in for tho night. liiuppojo hr this time I was getting used to it, for I certainly did sloop a little. My sleep ing aud waking thoughts got curiously mixed, I fancied that daylight had brought another task, and shuddered with the convictioo that I should so bo kept a prisoner for evor. When the morning cnino, "and I found myself un doubtedly nvvako, I felt a sickening fear that perhaps more oakum would be served up with th* broakfast aud skilly. The tuildon throwing open of tho door startled me a little. It was the attendant, who stood in the doorway. I asked her thu time. It was hulf-p&Bt; C. She left the cell unlocked, and came back iu a few minutes with my broakfast—thinking, perhaps, that by this timo hunger would giro mo an appatico for tho stuff, , All I wanted was tho word to go. I thought I might escape without auy formality, and plucked up courago enough to ask, “Can I go out tiow?” “Not just yot,” tho woman said; “ it isn’t seven o’clock.” From this poiut my mind was at ease. I know that I soon should have played out my part. With my normal amount of philosophy I sat down on tho mattress. I sat down on tho bed and ruminated* Mentally summing up ray im tires* sious, I thought in a.keener way than I imvo evor thought before how hard is tho lot of tho homeless. With my fingers still smartiug, I uuderrtood hotter than over I did before why poor women huddled down on bitter nights in the corners of bridge recosses and ou inhospit able doorsteps. I rsviawird the argument that the lot of the lazy should bo u hard one, and that people who won’t work must bo deterred from making themselves a burden on the rates. But I .remembered that among .tho homeless and the workless there .moat he many who are able and willing, and. I asked myself whether for those .the casual wardwns all it ought to be—whether the fruitless task of.pick* log oakuen and breaking stonoa should keep men and women from seeking tho work that would ouablo them to live at least like honest people. I was fast coming to tko conclusion that for tho honestly desorvmg tho casual word was a place to bo avoided, when tbo woman camo to tell mo I was free to leave it. A gruff question from the man at tho door, “la there 'anything here that belongs to you? *• a thankful “No; ” a hurried walk to a house near by, and soon I bad thankfully put off with my rags my char actor of the amateur casual. 