AMONG CHINESE HIGHWAYMEN. The mandarin, junk upon which I was sail- ing down thc Blue River of China luy, for the day, at the wharf Nankin, writes a IravcUcr among the Celestials. I left it early foran inspection of the ancient capital. In the afternoon I took the common wheelbarrow conveyance, to visit the tombs of the Minga. The coolie who trundled it said he could take mc there and back by sun- down. Â thunderstorm delayed us, and the sun went down while we were among the hills,, two miles at least from tho city. The coolie insisted upon my stopping at one more ruin in u grove just off the road. It was so dark that I could not have seen it,.at thc best, and I told him to hurry back to the city. It is hard, however, to convince a Chinese coolie of anything, and I was not surprised when he turned deliberately toward the ruin. It was almost dark in the grove, and as we ap- proached the indistinct mosses of masonry they gave me a very strong suggestion of all sorts of ghosts and goblins. Suddeuly the coolie began to run. If he had been going the other way I should have thought he» was frightened. Before I had time to think, however, the barrow was tipped sharply to ono side and I was floundering in thc tangled undergrowth. As I sprang to my feet every rock and shrub about mc seemed alive. Out of the very ground men Beemed to risc. I thought there were at least a hundred. Probably a dozen would be nearer right. It would have been folly to struggle, yet I was upon the point of at least entering a vigorous protest, when my arms were un- ceremoniously caught in a noose and Bccurely bound, my feet were tied, a cloth was bound over my face, and I was laid upon my back in some sort of a box. It was all done so quickly tbat when it was over I could still feel upon my hands the imprint of the branch which I had caught when fulling out of the wheel- barrow. Not a word had been spoken, but I knew by the motion that I must be in some sortof palanquin aud was being carried some- where. I wondered where. Thc air was stifling. It was rank with opium. Some of thc fellows roust have been smoking there while waiting for me. Between tile cloth over my face and the opium fumes, which were all thc air I could secure, I was suffocating. I shouted, but it did no good ; tho steady, silent swing kept on. Evidently tlie fellows knew what they were doing, but did not propose to tell me. The scene changed, und changed aguin, and yet it did not change at all. A thousand different things seemed going on about mo ; then there was nothing at all going on, and I was very comfortable and very sleepy. 1 shut my eyes for a short nap. When I opened them again I was in bcd in my gaudy little stateroom upon the mandarin junk, miles away from Nankin, on thc great Blue River. How came I herc? Two men hud brought mo down lo, the wharf in u palanquin. They said they came from an opium den, and thc officers of my escort, thinking I hud yielded to a very popular weakness among themselves, paid the fellows well for having saved them thc necessity of hunting me up. My walch was gone ; so were my money, my pocket- knife, ray handkerchief even. Everything I had about me that could bc of service even to a Chinaman had disappeared. They had put mc to Bleep by burning an opium rope in that closed palanquin. It was thc gentlest, most complete, and courteous highway robbery that I ever heard of. 