ODDS AND ENDS. ' There is a wide difference in horse sense and horse talk. A Cincinnati man is reported to hare eaten over 530 lemons in. two months to cure rheumatism. He is now in a precarious con dition.- ' You now and" then meet folks who have all kinds of sense except common-senso. It is altogether useless to try to talk politics to the nwn who was married only a It is said'that the only kind of fruit which appears not to flourish in California is the apple. ? Money is rarely a substitute for mind. What is'useful i3 intrinsically ornamental. To please people with -whom you talk always know-a little less than they do. When a taan's word is not as good as his bond, keep watch on his bonrl. Some men can convert the ' brass' in their systems to gold in their pockets. We make our to-dajs of yesterdays; our to-morrows of to-days. . The heathen in their blindness bow down to wood and stone. After they have been converted they learn to worship gold. News from Japan says that a number of Japanese actresses are preparing to start oil a' tour in Europe to illustrate the native stvle of Acting. If it were possible for man to live alone, without ever coming in contact with other human beings, he would die a total stranger to himself. There-are different kinds of curiosity; one springs from interest, which makes us desire to know everything that may be profitable to us; another from pride, which springs from a desire of knowing what others are ignorant of. - Flowers, which, by their infinite hues anil fragrance, celebrate the marriage of thcylants, are intendod for a symbol of the open and unsuspected beauty of all true marriage, when man's flowering season arrives. The estate of the late Mr. Cyvus Field is estimated at 350,000 dollars, 300,000 dollars of which is derived from insurance policies. Some yeirs ago Mr. Field waa a millionaire several times over. Very few-.women grow old without becom ing more patient, and the years seldom add up on a man's shoulders without making him more, fretful." ' Sea-sickness,' says a modern wit, ' is like a belief in ghosts ; no 0113 will admit that it troubles him, but everyone has misgivings on oue auujtJCL. A beautiful word is like a poem which sheds glory, a genial word is like harps and lutes, communion with the good is like a fragrance of flowers that fills the neighborhood. The elevation of Denver, Col!, being 5,370 f®ct-over one mile-above sea level, makes the atmosphere rare, dry and clear, there being on an average le33 than six days each year without sunshine. Mr, Charles Dickens, son of the novelist, writes as follows to the "Standard" The originals of the Brothers Cheeryble were the Brothers Grant, manufacturers and mer chants, of Manchester and Ramsbottom. By far the greater part of what pass for human intercourse is not intercourse at all, but only acting, of which the highest object and moat considerable merit is to conceal the weariness that accompanies its hollow obser vances. - If a young lady has that discretion and moderation without which all knowledge is little worth she will never make an ostenta tious parade of it, because she will rather be intent on acquiring more than on displaying what she has. Kissing the baby may result in deforming its nose and bringing on near- sightedness. The safest plan is not to kiss the baby of the feminine persuasion until it attains the age of sixteen years. The cartilage of the liose is much stronger then. Mrs. Amelia Bloomer, the lady whose name was made temporarily famous a gener ation ago by her adoption of what was called the Bloomer costume, has just celebrated her golden wedding at Council Bluffs, Iowa. E. S. Wiggins, the Canadian meteorologist, say3 :-As the attraction of Mars to tho earth has now reached the greatest possible force ouratmospheric densityhasslightly increased. This accounts for the great heat of the pre sent summer, the eruption of Mount Etna, and the volcanic . action and humidity throughout tbe world. A compassionate Madrilenian gave .1 silver coin to a beggir bny the other day, and asked him to take a letter to the post. ' Senor, replied the man, drawing himsolt up, ' I solicit alms, but I do not run errands.' With this rebuke lie tamed on his heel, leaving the letter (but not the pesetas) in the hand of his astonished interlocutor. The gifts to brides belonging to society have this year taken a new turn, and live animals have become quite tho voguo. Miss I'rassey, Lord Brassey's youngest daughter, the other day received two cobs, and Miss Loftus was presented by the Queen with a beautiful white collie, as well as the hack neyed Indian shawl. Physical courage, which despises all danger, will make a man brave in one way ; and moral courage, which despises all opinion, will make a man brave in another. The former would seem more necessary for the camp, the latter for tho council. But to con Btitute a really great man, both are necessary. Every man has a paradise around him till he sins, and the. angel as an accusing con science drives him from Eden. And even then there~are holy hours, when this. angel sleeps, and the man comes back, and with the innoccnt eyos of a child looks into his lost paradise again, into the broad gates and rural solitudes of nature. The age of a centenarian named Thomas Morgan; residing in the Welsh hills at Cwmbran, has just been authenticated as 105. A year ago he lost his wife at the remarkable ago of 104, and he subsequently fell down stairs and broke five ribs. After long and careful medical treatment he fully recovered, and was enabled to record his vote for the local member of Parliament at the recent election. It is stated that by saturating a bullet with vaseline its flight may be easily followed with the eye from the timo it leaves the muzzle of the rifle until it strikes the target. The course, of the flight is marked by a beauti ful ring of smoke caused by the vaseline be ing ignited on leaving the muzzle of the gun. This smoke ring will remain suspended in the air for some little time after the bullet strikes, if the day is.not to windy. Mrs Henry Ward Beeclier says that her husband, the great American preacher, spoke thickly when a boy on account of an enlargement of tho tonsils. Through the efi'orta of one of his teachers this impediment was finally overcome. The. lad wa3 drilled daily, sometimes practising an hour on one word," until his utterance became clear. But for this discipline he might never havo been qualified to enter the ministry. The only socioty in Europe for the promo tion of .the study of The English language, that at Berlin, has, says "The Athemmint, disappeared.- It was under the patronage o the Empress Frederick, .ind the presidency of the Prince of Hohenlohe Langenburg and the vice presidency of Prof, von Gneist, and ihe eminent philologist and politican, Prof. Dr. Carl Abe!, was secretary. It gave way to the German Colonial Society. The customary formula for recommending nominees for the Peerago to Her Majesty is (says "Truth ') extremely s-'mple. The Prime Minister merely presents a pa per wherein he '(lu ifully. recommend^' to tho Sovereign that Jopes, Smith, and Robinson shall receive this honor. The Sovereign initials this in the corner, and the document is then for warded to the Homo Office, with tho an nouncement that the nominees mentioned are to be pn mo ted accordingly. THE STORY OF Zeko. -The word 'zero' is from the Spanish, and me.1113 empty, hence nothing. It was first used fur a ther mometer in 1705 by a Prmsian merchir-t named Fahrenheit. From a boy ho was a close obaeivor of nature, and when only nineteen years old, in the remarkably cold winter of 170!), ho expeiimented by putting snow'and sale together, and lioticcd that it produced a degree of cold equal to the coldest day of the year. And that day being the eldest that the oldest inhabitant could re member, Fahrenheit waj the more struck with tho coincidence of his little scientific dUc-jvery, and hastily concluded that he had found the lowest degree of temperature known in tho world, ei:her natural or artifi cial. Ho o:illed the degree zero, and con s'rucUd a thcrmonut.-r; or weather-glass, with a scale graduating up fiv.m zero to boil ing point, which he numbered 212, and the freezing point 32, because, as ho thought mercury contracted the thirty-second of its v k::ae on btiny COO!q ; down from tho tem perature o£ freezing water to zero, and ex pandpd the one-hundred-and-eightieth on be ing heated from the freezing to tho boiling 1 