A Legend of Sonora. Two persons, a man and a woman, faced» each other under a clump of live oaks. Hard by were visible the walls of an adobe house crumbling with age. The man was sitting ; a Blight breeze stirred in the dark branches of the trees, which all through the hot Mexican day had been motionless. The woman was dark and small, with large eyes and a graceful body; the man, a swarthy vaquero, in serape and sombrero. " And you heard him say-that ?" said she. "Tes, señorita. He said, 'I love you, I love you 1' twice, like that. And then he kissed her." " Ah, he kissed her ! Anything else ?" " This !" He handed her a slip of folded paper. It contained a woman's name, a few words of passion and a signature. As the senorita's eyes perused it they contracted, and she drew in a long breath. The vaquero watched her keenly. " I found it in the arbour after they had gone," said he. She looked away dreamily. "Thank you, thank you, Mazeppa," she murmured. "It is late. I must go in now. Adios, Mazeppa !" She turned, and moving slowly, vanished behind a corner of the adobe house. The vaquero remained motionless until she was out of sight. Then he pressed his handB to his lips and flung them out towards her with a passionate gesture. The next moment he had mounted his horse and was gone. An hour passed. Again the sound of hoofs. A handsome young senor, jauntily attired, galloped up to the door of the house and, springing from the saddle, hitched his rein overa large hook projecting from the wall. " Hola ! Maria, little one !" he called out in a rich, joyous voice, " Where is my little Maria ?" The señorita appeared, smiling. She was in white, with a reboso drawn around her delicate face. She bore a two-handled silver cup, curiously chased. " See," she said, " I have brought you some wine. Such a long ride, just to see me !" She was holding out the cup toward him, but as he was about to receive it she drew it back suddenly. She was pale j her eyes glittered. " I too am thirsty," she said. She lifted the cup to her lips and took a deep draught. " Now you shall finish it," she added, handing it to him. I He nodded to her laughingly. " To our love !" I he said, and drained it. " But how strangely you look at me, little one !" he exclaimed, as he set the cup down and caught his breath, "Is anything wrong ?" " All is well," she answered. " I am happy. Are you happy ?" "I ? I am with you, am I not ?" She put her hand in his. "Lot us never be parted any more," Bhe said. " Come ; we'll walk to the hill top and see the moon rise." Hand m hand, thoy sauntered along the path up the bare hillside. On and on they walked, slowly, slowly. Maria gave a little gasp and glanced with dilated eyes at her lover. He smiled faintly and tried to dra>7 her toward him, but somehow did not; and still they moved slowly on their way. The hilltop seemed Btraugely far off. Maria pressed forward, grasping her lover's hand. What made the distance seem so long P Surely it was but a stroll of ton minutes, yet it was as though they had been walking an hour-a year-many years ! Doivn the hillside path came a horseman, riding quietly, and humming a love song. Ho was close upon the two figures before he appeared to be aware of them. They half stopped, as if to speak to him. The horse shivered and plunged. The rider stared at the couple but an instant, then, driving home his spurs, sprang past them. " Mother of God !" ho faltered, crossing himself as he threw a backward glance np the path, on which nothing was now visible, " the ghosts ! The little girl who, they Bay down below, gpisoned her- self and her lover fifty years ago 1" 