AOTA POFULI. By the Flaneur. When Arfcemua Ward was aoked for an expression of his political opinions he replied with character istic sbrewdnes?, 'I've got no principles. I'm in the show business/' Whatever Sir Henry Parkea's real principles are is best knoK-n to him self, but; it is very evident now that he intendo to run the show business for all that it is worth. Everything that can tickle hia egregious vanity or boom his one-raaushow ia sought after by him with absurd eagerness and then trotted oub for the edification, (or amusement) oi! tho public with a (self- complacency which, to use his own refined poetical phrase, ' would ru-ike a cat sick.' Modesty is an unknown quantity with him, and so the moment he reseivaa any paltry piece of praise, no matter how insignificant the quarter from which it comes, he rushes off to proclaim it from the housetops aa if it were something upon which depended the welfare of the whole world In short, he is the living representative of the gardener in ' Adam Bede' whom Mrs. Poyser likened to 'a cock as thinks the sun. rises apar« pose to hear him crow.' The latest layer of marmalade spread over ' Baron Balmaia' come3 from the trowel of a Mr. Holyoake, who is a holy terror in the way of plastering flattery on, and who had the rare for tune of being reared with the good little boy 'Enry and another beautiful boy who bore the highly significant name of Hornblower. It is thought, and with much reason to?, that '.bjnry was the original Hornblower aud that he swapped names with hia companion, for certainly no man ever blew his own horn with more vigour than Sir Henry baa. In the army of General Joshua, Sir Henry Hornblower would have been a host in him aelf,forif allowed to fill a trumpet with his own praise, he would have blown the walla of Jericho down in one blaBt. '?Another one of us gone!' was probably old Mr. Holyoake's exclamation when the late Laureate ' crossed the ba?,' for he wrote to dear Sir Henry thus:— 'Your great friend, Lord Tennyson, has died! in the moonlight glory — in picturesque calm ness befitting his great career. Now I knor/ ifc was your poem whose power and passion rover' berate still in my mind, as it did when Horn, blower first read ifc to me fifty years ago.' The title of this marvellous f; power and passion' poem is unfortunately withheld, but in all probability the allusion ia made to that awful Macbeth-and-the- dagger drivel the boy bard 'Bnry wrote on ' A Suicide at Birmingham,' and one passage in which 'reverberates' as follows :— ' Is that a bed the startled eyes there sees ? Are those three children or three images ? Is that the face o£ a woman— of a mother ? Aud, Oil ! Is that a dead man's face— that other P' [f there was much o? that blood-curdling stuff dashed off in Birmingham at the times the wonder is that the whole city didn't rise and commit suicide en masse, for no man conld study Porke3's poetry and retain hia reason. I am inclined to suspect, however, that old man Holyoake is a bit of a holy humbug, and- is simply trying to ' take a rise' out of Sir Henry, for he also says — 'Of all the public men of my time I know no speaker who could write your poems, nor any poet who could make your speeches. Both are alike wonderful.' All of which ia certainly true, in one sense, but reminds one very forcibly of tho critic who, after hearing a certain oration, buttonholed the orator and said—' Mr. Wind bagge, I never heard you speak better on that aubject — or anyone else speak worse.' Sir Henry's ' pomes ' are indeed ' wonderful,' and I eaa confidently back up Me. Holyoake and say there is nothing lj.ko them ia the literature of the whole world— not even in fche classical records oJ! the Choetawo, 01? fche lyric legeuds of $he Murpum. bidgee blacks. One of the bitterest commentaries on Sic Henry's public career ia to be found in the bombastic speech which he made in in 1882, when he confi dently declared tkafc i£ be were allowed to ' live in health and strength DBothcT ton yeats he would not give that ten yeara for the historical glory o£ the First Napoleon.' That ten yeavo ban ei- pired, and aow \ve find the grand old horn-blosver badly stranded and Trifch no greater record to his credit than that of the first nigger who speared a 'possum in thia land. It is a well-proven fact that Sir Henry's trump cards have always been to take credit for notable actions which he did not per form (eujh an framing the Education Act, &o.;), and promising to do gseat deeds which never by any cbance came off. In the latter respect ho strongly resambles a Texas citizen named Sam Sh&rpe;, who after borrowing the necessary fundo from hia friends safe down to play tho local cham pion a game of draughts. Very carefully and very slowly Sam played and losb the first game' Then he played still more cautiously and lost the second game. H?a Monde commenced to grumble at this, but Sam merely Gjjiid— ' Don't you worrv youraelves, .bs^D, and I'll sho^ ^oa a real cube move soon/' Accordingly Sam sailed ia again and lest the third, fourth, and flffch games, aad then when the friends were growl iag over the way their money was slidiufj off, Sam ficmly said :-— ' Don't you be impatient, boyp, for if I am spared for another ten minute a Fil show you oae of the grandest inovea the world ever saw since the djya of the First Napoleon.' Then ho sat down again, played with great care, took a long time considering over every move, and finally got a greater thrashing than any player of note had ever received before. Close attention to what he was about and much minute calculation also enabled him to lose the seventh game, but wheu he had lost the eighth and his friends were dowa to their bottom dollars they told hicn straight that it was just about time that that great mova of hia was made. ' Ain't you got any moce cash about you ?' asked Sam. ' No, by gO3h we haven't,' exclaimed the friends emphatically. ' All right,' seplted Sam» ' in that casa I'll now make my groat move, aad it simply consists in moving oil to borrow a few more dollars from some other crowd oi fiata.' That's the style of political player onr Grand Old Martyr is, but his frieudei have apparently grown very tired watching his many losing gamee. If there are many poor men amongst the Free, man readers I would exhort them to go down on their knees seven tiine3 a day and thank Heaven for their poverty, for this seems to be a particu larly dangeroua season for the world's millionaires. A Mr. Tucker, one of the wealthiest men of New York, was the first to be alfjlcted, aud in company with eight well-gilt friends ho waa drowned by the upsetting of hia pleasure yacht. Millionaire Vanderbjlt'a yacht also ' turned turtle,' but he escaped a death by water juBt in time to see the opposite elfiment burn down ,£60,000 worth oE: a summer palace he had built in New Jersey. This is one reason why pressmen never own pleasure yachts or build palatial summer residences Another reason is — but perhaps it ia unnecessary to allude to thj,t ; some of our readers may feel that way themselves. The crowning calamity in thia line, however, is the death of Jay Gould, the marvellous man who from being an office boy worked himself up to be the holder of a fortune estimated at about thirty millicns sterling. How he made that colossal pile is another story altogether, and perhaps I am wrong ia Betting his death down as a calamity, for sport from the eordid satisfaction which money-grabbing and over-reaching hio fellow» men could afford he had little or no pleasure in life whatever. He was a dried-up, nervous, little man, who, for a time at leaat5 lived in daily dread of assassination, aud so dyspeptic wag he that whenever ha finished off a decent meal, which was very seldom, he had to lie up and give his stomach a rest for a fortnight after. I once dined with a very rich man here who was afflicted with Jay Gould's complaint, and the look of wistfnlness and despair he wore as he watched me surrounding the poultry, pork, and pies while he conld do nothing but sip toast-water and stare at the costly silver service, made rne register a solemn vow fchat I would aever under any consideration allow myself to become a mil lionaire. I have faithfully kept that pledge too, bnfc still, although I have no wiah to ba in Jay Gould's place to-day, I wouldn't mind assisting hja son George to bear the weight ql the mone tary burden left upon hio shoulders. Gould, senr., was one of the shrewdest men of the age, and one of the wisest things he ever said was contained in the advice he gave to a young man who asked him for a hint aa to the course of life needful to secure success. Temperance in all thingB was insisted on, and then, said the seer, 'carefully study the newspapers.' Tne papers were about the only literary matters Gould had time to study, and that he studied them with profit has been proved by the banking account he left behind him. The aewopapera of to-day are to us what the Athenian orators were to the men of Greece, op fcbe aoribea to the Hebrew people ; they are aD great a necessity almost as f pod and cJothingj and no family should be without its paper — paid for, if possible, in advance, but, certainly, paid for according to. agreement. It seems very evident uow that Miss Juliet Cap^lct was right, and there is really nothing muuh ia a Hatjic aftej: all. Tho rose will Binell as sweeb if yon call it a turnip, 8$d ohada of the great Rob Eoy ! at the police court the other day one of the blackest niggers I ever saw answered to the name of Alexander M'Gragor. Once upon a time, when cho M'Murraghs (they are the Kavansghg now) and the O'Sixllebh&ms; and the like were sloshing round in all their glory, a name gave the cue to a family's nationality, but that can scarcely bo looked upon with any amount of certainty now, for the most o}3posit0 n&fcionn; cvo merging into one another in cuch a wholeoale manner that D deal more than the name ia required to toll even a. Tippevary man from aTBrk—Saliemnn Fnohacndl Osman '.' Dignc(tn)' are proofs of thofc. There is no occcoica to travel bo TuuTrey 2ov proof s, however, los on. entering the GoyraoQ Natioual Fair, which is now being van in Sydney on .'ofciiotily national liaea,' cne of -the first stallholders we meet is JJcrr M'Phersori, bufc ourely this cannot bo a lineal tseseoadanfc o2 the great Phairaon, who during big little unpleasant, ness with the clcn Macl'avish ? had stoutly oworn To extirpato tho viporo With four-and-fcvvenfcy mou Aud five-aud-tliirty pipers. Howevei1, Hen- MThaircon can be found at the German Fair, and for fear that isn't complicated enough, be is placed ia charge of a Japanese stall —?Ma coonshence, Doaner and Blltzen, aud Holy Fusi Yarna ! This ia not all, however, for amongst the fairest oi! the Mr at the German fair we find Frau O'Hara presiding at the Baden stall, while for. tunes are told in tbe gipsy teat by the Fraidein O'Connor, who ia clad as tbe Gives gM Zillah. So much for the miced nationalities at this esci I. lent entertainment ; but turning to the daily pipers wo are flattened out completely by the intelligence that ' William Miles haa been ohotat Albany by a Chinaman, named Patrick Brown !' If that isn't enough to make the ghost oi O'Dca uell Aboo dance his heela off with sage on tho banks of the Stygian shores, time, and the change of climate, must have considerably cooled the O'Donuell'a old fierce, warlike nature ; but any way, he can sympathize with the Scotch pafeiots, Bruce and Wallcce, over the fact that another had opened a hash-house ia Wellington and honoured it with the fcibio of the ' Caledonia Boarding Establishment.' After fchat we may expect to hear of a Kanaka called William Tell, and wbeu St. Piitrick'a Day rolls round agaiB, Quong Tart will perhaps be found in the banquet ohaie warbling 'Erin My Country,' or calling npon the revellers to fill their eup3 with tea and drink to the memory -of his illaatcious country. miD, Sin Fat, of Pekin. Our Anglican brethren of Adelaide were damped on the horns of an extremely awkward dilemma tho othes day when they Btartecl to lay tie fotmdation-Btone of a church at Goodwood Amongst other customary matters it waa neceg. oary to bury the local papers for that date, but oa handling the S. A. Eecuster tho avyful fact came to light that that popec contained a portrait oi ouc own Bishop Eeynolds The orthodox Anglican authorities of course ruled that it would never do to allos? the corner-stone of their church to cast on even the ' counterfeit presentment ' o2 a Catholic prelate, for just a3 the church was being completed the said -( presentment' might Dwell with indignation or envy and topple the whole fabric to the ground. It was bad enough to know that the Anglican faith waa in a great measure resting on the Catholic religion, but that waa noieason why the Anglicano should teust to a Cfttholic bishop to hold up the principal ead of their church. It waa the custom to bury the leading papers, hoy/ever, and go the Anglican pivlsto got over the difficulty by cutting the obnoxioaa portrait out and planting the mutilated paper with other records. Whether the E?eal pause oE thia wag bigotry or superstition is b^jt known to the reverend gentleman whp n^ed th^ GcisGoro, but when he gets to heaven it in to be. hoped he will have no objection ij the oociety of Catholic prelates there, For he will probably find that quite a number of thooe poor deluded pasties have got indde before him. 