RELIGIOUS. Freeman's Journal has been busy with tho theological divining-rod and professes to j have discovered why it is that the Anglican ecclesiastical mines do not pay larger divi- | deuds. The main reason deduced is that the i Anglican clergy are not priests. "If they were ' priests; if they had the power of consecration; ' if only there were the One Awful Presence ' enshrined in their churches, the poor would soon find it out, and would flock there. Wherever that Presence is found there the poor and the heavily-laden come. ... It is tho possession of a priest-hood that marks I the difference between tiie Catholic and the Anglican Church. The shepherd, however I humble, commands a respect which no hirc- I ling, however gifted, can expect." Any Australian Y.M.C.A. " boys " who | may be anticipating a trip to the Chicago Exhibition will be interested to know that they will have an opportunity of doing the 1 thing in real bush fashion. The London i Polytechnic " trippers," who arc nothing if not thorough, averse to the unraimuitie idea i of stowing themselves away in stuffy hotels, will form a special encampment close to the j exhibition. There has been a tremendous i demand for ground, and much difficulty has been experienced in securing a suitable plot. i However, owing to the kindness of an | American gentleman, Mr. Marshall Field, the free use of some suitable land has been | obtained, notwithstanding that Buffalo Bill | offered -V6000 fur it for "his " Wild West " : sllOW. | While mentioning the Polytechnic, a rela- j live story may be sandwiched in for the en couragement of those who work amongst the rough diamonds of humuuity. While visit ing America lately Mr. Quinliii Hogg, whose name is indelibly associated with the " Poly," met a man who thanked hint warmly for having sent him out to the "States." Air. Hogg did not remember him, but he was greatly impressed with his story. Years ago Air. Hogg tried to help a poor boy who had been a thief in the London streets. He sent him to America and told him that his passage and outfit would cost £10, and that if he got on well he ought to repay this hi order that some other poor lad might have a chance of a new life. Tho boy toiled hard, succeeded, and t hen in his own way repaid t he £10 which Air. Hogg had spent on him. He sent £10 to one of his old comrades, met him on his arrival, helped him to find work, and made him repay the money. He kept on doing this until more than 20 of his old friends luid been assisted to a better life beyond tho seas. The young man who wanted to thank Air. Hogg belonged to this hopeful band. " You see, sir, he said, "Jack used to say that as lie had been helped himself lie felt bound to pass it on." The first session of the ninth synod of the Anglican diocese of .Sydney meets at the Ghaptcr-hou.se on Tuesday afternoon next. According to the Eccord it is being looked forward to with considerable eagerness by its members, and its proceedings will be watched with a keen and intelligent interest by all the dioceses in Australia and las- mama. it will be a session of great impor tance. and there are questions ot profound signilicance to be discussed. I wobydnev lady missionaries, AIissEmma Arddl an<l Mjs.j Alice kea, are to be dedi cated to foreign service next week prior to leaving for karolonea (houtli hcas) and Shanghai (Glnna). their respective destina tions. under the direction of the London Missionary Society. They will he the pioneer missionaries of liie New South Wales Aux iliary. Rev. Father Long having been ordered to take a trip to Europe; on account of health, is to be succeeded at t lie Petersham Catholic Church by Rev. Father Holland, of Liver pool, who in turn will be succeeded at the latter charge by Rev. Father Kiekham. Father Long sails by the Onuuz on Monday. The leading feature of the annual session of tho Now South Wales Baptist Union to be held next month will be the celebration of the missionary centenary. In its now chair man, Rev. F. Hibberd, of Ashlield, the union will have a man after Carey's own heart in the matter of missionary zeal, so that a missionary " boom" is quite on the tapis, even though the movement may not exactly blossom into a practical exemplification of Carey's creed of attempting aiul expecting great things. Friends of the London Missionary Society will grieve to learn that Aliss Lois Cox, daughter of Rev. F. W. Cox, of Adelaide, who was compelled to relinquish Zenana mission work in India aud return home a few weeks back owing to an attack of fever, died on Wednesday. At first Aliss Cox appeared to be progressing towards rucovcry, and had act her mind on returning lo India. .She only labored there a few months, but was de votedly attached lo tho work. Had ho lived Dean Swilt would have stoutly opposed .Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorce Extension Act. On one occasion he had to unite a rustic pair m the bonds of matritnonv. The ceremony over, the husband began to " sink in resolution, and falling into a lit of repentance, lie said : "" A our reverence has lied the knot lurhltv, 1 Jancy, hut. mulcr favor, mav I ask it so ho vou can untie it again.' Why.no. replied the dean, "we never do that on this part o! Hie consecrated ground. " Where, then .' cried the man, eagerly. " On that," said the dean, pointing to the burial-ground. The 19tli annual Christian Conference, originated by lho venerable Dean Macart ney, was held in Alclbourne during last week, and us usual was a splendid success, judged either fro.m a spiritual, intellectual or nume rical standpoint. Tho general subject dis cussed was "The Holy Ghost convicting of sin. Rev. B. liberies, lain of "Windsor, who has succeeded Rev. I. .Sarginson as pastor of the Kookwood Congregational Church, was for mally welcomed to his new charge on Tues day evening. The deacons of tho Auckland Baptist Tabernacle have invited kev. James LUukie. of Kcw (Vic.), to the pastorate. Mr. Blaikic. who is al. present supplying the tabernacle pulpit, has also received a call lo the pastorate ot the Emerald-hill (Vic.) Baptist Church. l ho sum total accruing from the recent Baptist self-denial dlorl in tins colony is olhciullv announced as £o1o. J he Bishop of kivennu. Dr. Linton, is just now paving his annual visit to the Broken-lull portion of his diocese, where lie expects (o remain a fortnight. kev. J. de Q. kobin. ALA., has notified Ins intention of retirimr from the presidency of Hortou Wesleyan College (Tas.), in order to resume circuit work. During Bishop OUeil.y's charge of the Catholic diocese of Port Augusta (S. A.) tho total liabilities luivc been diminished 50 per cent, in three years, viz., from £18,000 to £9000. The president of tho South Australian Baptist Association, Rev. G. llogben, lias declined a call to Kapunda owing to the entreaties of his people at Alagill and Nor ton's .Summit. Rev. G. 1). Buchanan, of the Wiekham- terruee (Brisbane) Presbyterian Church, was a passenger for England by the R.AI.S. India, and expects to be absent about nine months.. His pulpit will be supplied by Key. J. Al/Qucen until Dr. Lang arrives. On resuming active ministerial service, after a prolonged illness, Kev. J. F. M'Swainc has been presented with an address (signed by all the members of St. Raul's Presbyterian Church, Brisbane) and a purse of sovereigns. Air. ARSwuiuo lias ministered to this charge for 16 years. " Couplings, Automatic Brakes and Blocks" was the title of an allegorical address delivered by Bishop Reunion to | about 500 workmen at the Islington (S. A.) I railway shops during a recent dinner-hour, j His Lordshiu referred mainly to the labor trounlcs. and m thai connection used the metaphor which referred to a train com posed ol first and second class carnages and brakevnii. Ho asked the men what they would think of a train composed of brake- vans only. Another metaphor used was with regard to trucks coupled together, one of which b iug started moved the others. Tho Victorian Vigilance Association for the suppression of immorality is endeavor ing to secure more strict supervision of the public parks and gardens after nightfall. The secretary, Mrs. Sergeant, recently addressed a communication to the Superin tendent of Police upon the subject. Tho superintendent consulted some of his most experienced subordinates, and their opinions arc understood to be in a large measure , confirmatory of those of the members of the association. Rev. Rarluw Sargeant, recently of the West London We.slovun Mission, and Rev. J. G. Mantle, of the Birmingham Central Mission, will shortly visit Australia in con nection with a two years' evangelistic lour which lliey are about to undertake. AL a largo gathering oi' Sholiield gentlemen not many days ago, a good story was tolri. A former vicar of a country parish not far from Sheffield was a gentlemau distiu- guished for his learning ami for the position he look at Cambridge. One day a visitor to the village got into conversation with one of the parishioners and the talk turned to the vicar. " Your clergyman," said the visitor, " is a very aide man. Why, he is a Wrangler." "1 never heard that," was the reply of the villager, " but his missis is." With some courage lho promoters of the Church Army in England have incorporated it under the Board of Trade Act as a limited company. The motive, of course, is to clear away suspicion as to the administration of the funds subscribed by the public, and at the same time to bring business-like pru dence into the affairs of a philanthropic agency which, like ho many others, is obviously engaged in competitive trade. Others, says an exchange, may take the hint, hut " The .Salvation Army, Limited," docs not look an attractive title. 