! NOVELETTES BY LEADING NOVELISTS. Am. Rights Rkshhvuo. WOOING- AN AMAZON. IiY FREDERICK ROYLE. CHAPTER II. (Continued). When Jenny reached homo her father had gone out to dinner, which was a relief. To Svreytt she did not contidc tho danger im pending : it was enough to toll what she had done, and to assure him that the examination must be postponed. He was rather shocked, of course, but tho fun of tho thing and its successful issue distracted his attention. She would inform the Gonoral after breakfast next day. Her heart sank at that prospect as it had never done before in all her life. Thus it happened that General Brace- bridge was quite unprepared to catch the meaning of a letter which he opened at tho breakfast table. " Eh ?" he cried, after reading a few lines. " What on earth is this, Jenny ?" " I am delighted to assure Miss Brace- bridge, through yon, that tho papers de stroyed were not important. I think Miss Bracebridge will not be alarmed even if she overheard the foolish remarks of Mr. Hughes, who is helpless without my, testimony : — " Bless my heart I" He turned to the Signature. " Eugene Macfarlnne, Brnzenose College." " Do you know Eugene Macfar lnne, of Brnxenose College, Jenny, or is the fellow cracked 1" Not waiting for a reply, he went on : — " Upon the other hand, thcro is strong reason to hope that Miss Bracebridge has gained the purpose she had at heart. Mr. Hughes promises to remonstrate with Sir William Patten, his friend from sehool days. — Thou Laura is in it, too I This is tho most astounding communication I Well, let us hear him out. 1 Having thus, I trust, re lieved your daughter's anxiety, I venture to say something about myself with an object you will shortly understand. Yes. — Good man ! That's just what I want — My posi tion is sufficiently established to be evidence of character. My private means justify mo ' Jcnuy, where arc you going ? I must have au explanation of ,all this at once." "Yes, papa," Jenny murmured, blushing, embarrassed, vexed, but not dumb with surprise, nor conscious of indignation. " But take it from me, please. Professor Macfar- lane is wandering into private details." The General, an impetuous man, had been so utterly bewildered that ho did not notice tho bearing of those last sentences as Bhe read them. Boused to comprehension now, he laughed shortly. " Well, sit down. I will keep theso wandering details to myself." Nevertheless, his voice was distinctly audible as he went on : — " H'm, ti'm — fh mnrrying. I had novcr seen Miss Bracebridge before to-day, but the circumstances gave me an unnsnal oppor tunity of studying her disposition. I am even ignorant whether Bhc bo free ; but if no earlier attachment " " Papa 1 This is monstrous ! Put that letter in the fire, or I will not tell yon a thing I" The General looked at Swoyn — both looked at Jenny — and burst into a fit of laughter. Jenny, red as lire, hurried from the room ; but there was a twitching about her lips as she fled which did not suggest relentless fury. " I almost suspect " said the General, with a smile, and paused. " So do 1 1 " Sweyn echoed. " Havo you any notion what it is all about 1 " Sweyn told what he knew, and General Bracebridge ceased to smile. Like so many old BOldiers, he held the law in a terror almost superstitions. Moreover, Jenny's conduct in itself was inexpressibly shocking to his ideas. " Go aud fetch your sister," ho said. " It's no time for nonsense." So Jenny felt, and she came nt once. Her father listened in gloomy Btlence, and when the tale was done, he said, briefly : — " I shall go to Oxford this morning. If Professor Macfarlane is suitable in other re spects you will marry him, Jenny. It's the only reparation a woman can make when she has insnlted and annoyed a gentleman." " Do you really think I ought, papa ?" said Jcnuy, softly. " I am certain." " Then will you please tell Mr. Macfar lane so !" " Don't do anything of tho kind, sir I" Swoyn interposed. " It'B one of Jenny's tricks. When she uses that demure tone I am always on my guard." " Don't heed this wicked, distrustful boy, papa. Follow the impulse of your own honest heart, and he sure it will lead you to tile greatest happiness of the greatest number 1" Laughing gleefully, she ran away, and the General, bewildered, set out for Oxford. Macfarlane gave him an hour he could ill spare, for the printers wore clamorous. After receiving, under protest, a long apology, ho explained how matters stood. in the first place the examination would be held as usual, hut Mr, Hughes, good-natured at heart, kept to his resolve of saving Laura Patten, if ho saw need, Next, ho was equally detcrmiucd to prosecute Miss Bracebridge. The fact was that he desired to assert him self, For some years the authorities of the University had been convinced that their senior solicitor was past his work, and had hiutcd the same with growing fraukneas. " I, unhappily," said Macfarlane, " have given him a chance to prove his un diminished energy. Miss Bracebridge does not blame me much, I hope ? After all, we have a right to assume generally that a solicitor of the highest standing is not cracked I Thank you, General I 1 felt sure she would not. Well, Mr. Hughes' partner, who is my friend, has exerted himself. He, of course, loathes the whole business, so they have quarrelled, which is annoying. How- over, 1 learu that the fatuous old gentleman thinks he has got corroborative evidence, and means to apply for a warrant." " Good heavens I A warrant against my daughter J" " There's no occasion for alarm, but much for laughter, if the farce is carried to that point. However, it will be disagreeable for Miss Bracebridge, and I propose, since Mr. Hughes will uot see me nor listen to Tracy, to catch him at Cheshatn tho day after to morrow and learn what this evidence is on whieli he relies, Sir William will certainly support mo." " Wo are greatly obliged to you, sir. Pray come to my house." " I should only be too delighted, General. But — you did not fail to notice the observa tions with which my letter concluded " Upon that question, I may say that my daughter is free. In faot, she lias never shown — I'll he bound she has uever felt — an inclination towards matrimony." " H'm. Gratifying in a sense, but not comforting exactly. Will you allow me to explain my circumstances and prospects J" " Why, as for that, to speak frankly, it is needless. My daughter will accept you, or she will not. Circumstances won't in fluence her." But Macfarlane thought it due to himself to justify his pretensions, und tho General wa3 more than satisfied with the exposition. Ho reached home iu a cheerful mood. Sweyn reported that his sister had been invisibto all day — more extraordinary still, had sat in her room I She descended for dinner on the General's return, and ho noted without surprise that her cheeks had not quite their usual color, nor her eyes their accustomed brightness. No wonder, when she was used to spend hours on horseback every day, wet or tine. Jenny heard the account of her father's interview in silence, until he came, rather nervously, to the matter of those " observa tions." 'Then she said quietly : — " I am very grateful to Professor Macfar lane, and very, very sorry for my bail con- duet. But, papa, if ho is taking all this trouble in the hope — I don't menu that ex actly, because I'm sure that it's his kind heart alone which moves him " " That it is, I'll he hound I " cried the General, heartily. "He'd do as much if you were a Hottentot." " I believe it. But in fact, he has a — a purpose which you seem to have encouraged, papa, l'ray undeceive him." " Oh, give the good fellow a chance, Jenny," her brother exclaimed, " and your self too. You like liim, for you told me so, — "and so forth, the General support ing his appeal warmly. lint it. was useless. Jenny had mndo up her mind, no doubt, in that long seclusion. Unless tho Professor were warned that he rnnxt not chrrish any hope, she would not appear during his slay. They argued until all parties lost temper, and Jenny said, rising in statoly fashion : — " Papa, if I'm not allowed to be mistress of my own self and my own futuro in your bonne, 1 must return to the colony whore I. am mistress of everything." The General started up and took her iu his arms. " Good heavens," lie cried. " where have we drifted to? If your sister is determined not to marry, Sweyn. the sensible girl she is, we may he sure she has a good reason. I'll put that straight, Jonny. You may meet Macfarlane, if lie comes, without fear." Jenny hesitated u little, and colored, as if wishing to add some observation not easily expressed in words. Not finding tho terms sought, she kissed l liem in silence and with drew, The General leant back in his clinii, laughing quietly. "That disconcerted her ladyship, eh I If our sensible Jenny is resolved to die an old maid she must have a good reason for it. Ha, ha I Wasn't her face a study I If I know womanldnd the dear girl will not bo happy now till she has proved she had no reason, good or bad I Of course, I shan't write that letter. 1 never said I would." So two days parsed. Macfarlane com pleted his work in time, and with mind at ease, on that score at least, lie reached tho General's house early. But Miss Bracebridge had already gone to Ckeshani, summoned by a pressing note. " We havo been awaiting you," said tho General. " Lot me present my eldest son, who, I may say, feels even more gratitude to you than nny of us, if that be possible. Laura is rescued from the higher training. But the relief proves too much for her strength. She fainted on hearing it, and Jenny writes tb, strike cannot leave her. When you have had some lunch, Professor, we will drive across. If it may be done without in- liospitality,- I would beg you to make haste, for Mr. Hughes will leave, it appears, by the 3.30 train." " Then let us go nt once I 1 am keenly interested in this business. It passes my imagination, and Tracy's experience, to conceive what sort of corroborative evidence thnc fatnous old gentleman is hugging to his soul." In the avenne, near that well remembered spot where Sweyn caught a glimpse of the " old lady," they met the two girls — Laura walking feebly with the support of Jenny's arm. But licr eyes were brighter already, and her face had a flush of hope which deepened as they drew near — all three gentlemen waving their hats and cheering, thougli they uttered not a sound. Laura laughed — a faint little ghost of glee. "Oh, Professor Macfarlane," she mur mured. " Fancy you taking part in a panto mime?" " Finding myself upon tho stage after a transformation scene, Miss Patten, I enter into the spirit of the thing as well as I can. We are going to congratulate you presently. Have you Been Mr. Hughes !" he added to Jenny. " No." " Then pray return to the house as quickly as may be. Tho appearance of the culprit cannot fail to disarm him." Macfarlane aud the General hurried on, leaving Sweyn. They found Sir William ami his friend in the library — the former looking very old and harassed. While General Bracebridge explained the matter to him, Macfarlane made another appeal to Mr. Hughes. Quito vain. The announcement that Jenny was nt hand had no effect on his stubborn self-complacency, beyond a slight, superficial disturbance. " I warn you," he said, "that it will he fruitless. The pleading of the young lady — pretty dear I — will touch my heart, I know, but my head, sir, is adamant I" "Very true," Macfarlane muttered; "a block I— with a crack in it I" " I have a duty to perform—a sad duty — au awful duty — and I will Bay good-by now, Patteu," he added hastily. " I don't understand," said Sir William in a querulous tone. "IPs ai|most annoying affair I Talk of dnty. Why you are com missioned to uphold the dignity of tho University — to make it ridiculous is the reverse of your duty." " My dear frieud, with a most imperfect knowledge of tlio case, you nsnrp the func tions of a judge — and allow me to say it's one of the most grotesque usurpations on record. How stand the facts ? 1 am sum moned, in my official capacity, to hear the report of a crime— call it a misdemeanor if you will. The case is admitted, patent. Then the prosecutor thinks fit to withdraw. Are the rights and honor of the University to be submitted to his whims? No, sir. It is an unprecedented offence, and it cannot be passed over." " Nonsense I" exclaimed Sir William pas sionately. " Don't condescend to plead with him, Bracebridgo I If Professor Macfarlane declines to prosecute the case will he dis missed I Your confounded vanity blinds you, Hughes," " Vanity, eh ? You're an old friend, Fatten I Wo sbnll see I If you had been in command at Trafalgar you would have signalled, I suppose, England expects that every man this day shall display his vanity I" The old man, angry now, uttered theso words in a sort of chant. At the same moment Jenny entered with Laura and Sweyn. They looked astonished. " Another scene in the pantomime," said Macfarlnne, bitterly. " This is Miss Brace, bridge, Mr. Hughes. Does she look the sort of person who commits crimes I" " No, indeed. And if this young lady will just lay her hand upon lier heart and sav, like a peer of the realm, ' Not guilty, on my honor' — solvuutur tabula) 1 The case is dis- miased." " Produce the handcuffs, sir," raid Jenny, advancing with palms outstretched. " I plead guilty 1" He looked round in smiliug triumph. The thing was absurd — moiiHtrous — hut if this terrible monomaniac could not be brought to reason Boinehow, though his application would certainly bo refused with emphasis, when Macfarlane declined to support it, every newspaper in England would comment on the charge, and Jenny's name would bo a byword. Her father, distrusting himself, turned his hack passionately aud drew aside, Jenny took Sweyn's arm, and held him tight. ' Handcuffs, my dear young lady" — tho terrible old man began. Macfarlano inter rupted roughly. "Now, Mr. Hughes, you are aware that no help is to be expected from mo. Will you satisfy our curiosity by telling us how you intend to proceed under these circum stances ? " " Oli, pardon me. I reckon on that little surprise as an effective incident." " Good heavens, man," cried tho General, stepping forward. " Do you regard this most distressing incident as a comedy, in which effects are to ho studied ? I feel an dverpcijyeriug inclination to teach you better — to transforming it into a tragedy upon the spot." Mr. Hughes slrrank hack in great alarm. Sir William said, whilst stepping between them : — " I warn you that all honest men will sympathise with General Bracebridgo's in clination when tliey hear this tale." " Oh, I quite see that now," Mr. Hughes stammered, badly frightened. " 1 beg every one's pardon I The fact is, I shall produce tho remains of the burnt papers." " From that gesture," said Macfarlane, " I am tempted to believe that yon have them iu your breast pocket. Don't bo afraid. None of us will commit a misdemeanor on this occasion." Mr. Hughes was qnitc chapfallen now. Silently, with trembling hands, he produced a small packet. It contained a number of charred fragments. " I recognise my handwriting, sir — and my property. How did it fall into your bauds ?" "Eh? Oh I In tho course of my invests gations, sir — in the course of my investiga tions." " You told me you were not an Old Bailey practitioner. I daresay this is your very first incursion into the Criminal Law ?" " Yes." " It is not a happy one. I slinll immedi ately ascertain which of my servants you bribed to steal my goods, aud I shall prose cute you for inciting him to the theft I Now, Mr. Hughes, you wished to be the hero of a sensational trial — you shall not ho dis appointed I Here is your evidence." " Keep it — keep it I Er — er." Ho looked round with vacant eye and ilroopiiig lip. " I shall be late for my train, Patten I God bless you I Prosecute, did you say, sir?" No one laughed as ho went out. Tho General and Macfarlane exchanged glances and hurried after. Scarcely conscious what he did, Mr. Hughes clambered into the General's phaeton and, forgetting liis luggage, sat there. The coachman looked to liis master, who whispered : — " Take this gentleman to tho station and tell the statioiunastor to look after him," (To bo continued.) 