PENAL SERVITUDE] VAN DIEMAN'S LAND. THUS ClinONIOLES. I L [M 'IITH IIBtUltVIU) Ko. 10, HLl.EH livnxi!. Tlio ilny after Judge Forbes ndjonrncd tho ttlulol Siaplotou nnil hia companions lor three days, ao that tbo attendanoo ot Walr mlglK bo secured, a vessel named tho B,al-ert Emma arrivoil at Hobact Town Irom (Jaccns* town Harbor, Cork, SIio wa- a trading vob Be), and had only two paaBoceera on board' Ono ol tbo in a woman, about thirty yuan o* ago, and the othor nn clJorly man who an 'qbmpanied her. Those un board wcro not avvaru ol tlio reason wliioli induced thoBO two persons to voluntarily kayo Ibo old oounlry ' lor Van Dlemon's Laud, and uoltlier did thoy want to know, ai the; bud paid (or their passages, and it wna no buaiucaa ol tho cap* tain to onquiro. Tiio reader may at onco bo told that Hie woman waa Ellen 'Byrne, and tho elderly genlloman waa Mr Miohaol IUffarnnn, a re tired Inwyor ol tho town ol Kilkenny, and to fihtao oaro lbs girl bud boon oominiitod on : the death of her only surviving parent (her Jiothor) live yean previoualy. A email pro : porly waa left, buroly enough to aupporl the girl, but eho lived witb Ueffernan and hit will, and waa aswoll treated ua ilelio had been their own child. W'bou aho impressed her firm intention of going out to Van Die raan'B Land and Bocking out Henry Staple ton, after aho bad received the Comptroller General's letter atating bo hud settled in the colony, her guardian, aeelno bo oould not dissuade her, decided to ncoompun] her to tho island, and thuy took passage from Cork in tho drat voscel whioh tailed ior tho penal aettlement. Alter landing they took lodginea nt a re spectable hotel in Macquario Htreot, ami tho following day they united upon tho Oatholio chaplain at Iho priBonor'H barraokn, to whom shey had letters of introduction from promi nent ccolosiaatioal dignitaries and othera in Ireland. They wore very kindly received, n&d; when their buaincaa waa stated tie priest willingly arjrccd to introduce them to iho Comptroller General, although bo looked rather puzzled when they (aid tho name of tbo man they wished to find was Henry Htapletnn, and he had boon pardoned nearly a year previously. In the afternoon they had an interview witb tho Comptroller Gen eral, who expressed hia willingnesB to en lighton thorn on any point that ho could, but when Mr Hcffernan told him bis business the oaglo-liko face of the Comptroller General clouded ulifibtly. , 'If'.nlnk if you wait until to-morrow I will'oo able to ahow you Ibo man you want, yjfeet mo here at 1) o'olook to-morrow morn '* fog, sod thon I vTdl arrange that yorj shall ice Siapleton.' That was tbo eubatanoo ol all ho said, and his visitors loft bis well pleased that they would Bee the object o[ their long journey on tho morrow. They had not anticipated suoli expedition, and were in high Bpirits at the result, and were eagerly waiting for tbe com ing day. Meariwhile Juilgo Forbes wna not idle. lie well knew that if there had been any under hand work with Slonleton'a pardon — and if prisoner's statement wcro true tboro hod been— tho officials responsible for it would throw all the obsiadcB tboy could in tho way of throwing light on it. Therefore bo had no sooner left the bench than he ciado arrangements for three mountod aonetablea ' to be at onoo despatched to Blair's land, and to bring back tbo owner. He privately told tbe men tbat opeed waa moat desirable, and to carry out the order aB rapidly as possible. Wragge had not counted on suoh baste being made, but ho knew tbat ho oould not act too quickly, and at onoo nought out a man on whom ho could rely, and told him bo would give him fifty pounds it ho could reach Blair's house and warn him t'jnt ho was in danger beloro the constable'* got him Tbo man was a oreature of tbe Superintendent's, and reidily agreed to dn as desired. Tho well mounted constables wcro, however, more than a match for him, and witb tho btart tboy had reached Blair's nearly an hour beforo Wraggo's messenger. lie was working in a field a ehorl distance away, but bo came aoross to the bouse when ho snw thu horse men. Tho bead constablo told him that ho would have to accompany rhain back to Hobart Town, and he loomed very nnxious to know for what reason bo was required. ' Oh, a fellow named Illoir, who is being tried for the mutiny at number nina station naya his name le Staplelon and noi BUilr, ' itnd tbe judge adjourned the enso for three ?laya bo that yon might bo brought to dis prove tbe statement.' An he spoke tho faos ot Blair turned a sickly green, and hie agitation was eo notice nble that it did not escape tho attention ot tbo ocmtablos who good mturedly rallied him on hia nervousness about attending a court. Two of them ascribed it to tbo natural disinclination which cx-oonvicts had to judges and joriee, but the ohiof, who was more observant, commonoed to think that there waB moro in tho mutineer's assertions than he bad previously believed, and ho do tormined lo oarofully note tbe settler. The Utter asked them to dismount andbave something lo oat while he waa getting ready to go back witb them, and as they were rather fatigned they were glad to comply, and placed their horsca in an adjoining shed. Tbetruth waa Blair was in a nuandarv. am be wanted a littlstime to deoide whnt oonrao be should adopt. Although tbe mutiny had happened a month previously, ho was not aware that there bad been an outbreak at tbe station. They wero so common tbat tho settlers took little notlca of them unless one or more ot the oonviota escaped, and tbe only one who bad an interest in sending him news w«s Superintendent Wragge, and ho bad not done so. That ofllcial tbongbt it would not be wise lo do bo until Iho last moment, as it might frighten lilair, and do more barm than good. It waB quite possible that there might be no trouble in connection with tho matter, and if so nothing but barm oould re ault from taking fright at a Bhadow. Ho had not expected that Staplston would make the ?land ho did, or tbat Iho judge wonld listen to him as patiently as he bad. It the worst came to the worst ho would havo time to send a messenger to Blair to escape, and that wonld bo aulHoient. Blair made np hia mind that tho best thing be oould do wonld be to bo back with the constable! and light the matter nut, and he was in tho house talking to tho cfllcers when the galloping ol a horse was heard outside. Ho opened tbo door at a ruin rode up, who was considerably taken aback when he raw the constables standing behind him, and was greeted by Iho chief who knew him, and asked what brought him tboro in in auoh a hurry. ' I am aura the fellow boa been sent hero to warn Ibis man, and he Ills been Bent by Wragge, for be is a tool of his ' was the conatablo'a muttered comment. Tbe horse *? ; man mumbled out an oxouse by Baying that ho was paaaing that way and only called for ? a drink (or himself and bone, and as them was no use in arguing with him ha ontainm what be wanted and left. lie had been too latt, and Wragge would bavo to do tho beat __ heoould, but at tbe same time it was bard to ' ^Alrm fifty pounds in anon a way. So tbo fel low thought as bo rode away. Tbe three oflloers and Blair were soon in lbs saddle and making tboir way back to hodbti -J.OWD, wnioa taey teaahed /ate in . the evening, and went to the quarters at the aoldlers' barraoks, which were provided for witnesses. Blair wanted to put up at an bole] and pay his own expense., but the chief constable lotd him it could not be allowed later fn the evening Wrogita presented him.' i«H ot the barraoks, and asked to bo allowed Joise Siap.eton (under which mats of course Blifr tsnl), but fas was told that without an ordtrirom tbo Comptroller Genersl bo oonld i ?°*; /an-gsForbe, had asksd tbo Oomn. .J'»ia to jptvUWI »o/oae uteiog St»ntetpn it I e tho oonatnblos brought him ? bnok, ns ho ds. ilciircd that ho atioulil not bo Interfered with in Liiy manner, nud it wna in pursuance ot Hint request that late nt night ho rotated WrnQgo an order when ha applied, for it, V.ry Unlit oxoitoment was minitostod next morning in Uobart Town at tho trial ot tint live prisoners (ono ot thorn had died from bis wound*), Such outbreakB and trials with Ihtlr accompanying or resulting executions mere too familiar, to oroate much interoit, and though the small court was lull ot spec tators, that number wan not moro man filly. The judge took his soat on tlio bench, and then tho tiro mutineers wero placed iu Iho dook, and pleaded not imilly lo mutiny and murder, l'hey had scarcely pleaded when the Comptroller General enlorcd with Heller nan and Ellen Byrne, and tho oillclal told them tbat Btauleton would soon make Ilia appearance At the name time be aaked them il they knew any ot the prUonora in tho dook. Tbe two visitors looked at them clotcly, bus failed to identity Slnplolon, It was litllo woudor, tor his appoaranco was terribly changed, In bis prison clothes, emaciated, and oloia cropped, be waB an utterly ohangod man, When Staplelon waB atked II he still persisted in saying that his nntuo was not Blair, bo replied in a loud, olear voloe thai bo did, and as ho Bpoko Miss Byrne started as though aho rcoognlaod the voice, and turning to Heflernan told him that sho almost (anoiod it was lienry Staple ton who spoke. Tho Comptroller Uenoial heard the remark, but mado no comment, lie waa asked again what his name was, and answered that it was Henry Slaplelon. Tbo girl bad betn watching him intently, and when bo gave tho last answer her guardian was alarmed, tor she bad tho appearance ot being about to taint. Ho turned to the official and told him bo was ntrnld ho would have to loavo the court, as his lady friend win not well, but tho gill recovered herself ami protested agalnot going out. Alter the eecond answer ot tho prisoner tho judp.0 ordered that lienry Ssaplelon should bu called, and as he mopped timidly into Iho witncsB box tbe Comptroller Ueneral whispered to hia two enquiring friends that Hie man hifore them waB tbe person they Bought. They looked at bint with dull amaze, and in tho anmo breath replied that he nan not even rcrnottly llko him. ' That tnnn la no moro Henry Suplcton, of Kil kenny, than I am,' was Heffernan's cm pbatio answer. ' Well, it lies bctwien him and tho second prisoner ot tbo row In tbo Hook. That man asserts tbat ho ia tho raal Stapleton, and tho other man an impoitcr, and it is for that reason I have asked you hero to-day, as tbo judgo is anxious to sctllo tbe question. If Henry Htniileton !- any relatlvo or dear friend ot yours,' tlio Comptroller went on, glancing at Ellen Byrne, 1 would prefer that tor your sakes the person in tbe witness box wos tho man you sought, 'What aro tho prisoners charged with?' asked Htffcrnan anxiously, as be saw tho girl staring at the scoond mun in the dock with a gleam ot recognition in her bright eyes. ' Mutiny and murder, and tbe oaso U clear against them. I tear there is no hopo— ' Ho waa intorruptod by bis female com panion Bwaylog against bin), and thon with a moan falling back in n dead faint. She had recognised Henry Stapleton, and bad heard tbe deadly peril bo was in. Some little commotion wss caused by the fit, and bb Heffernan and an attendant carried her out tbe Comptroller whispered to Mm to come book as soon as posiible, as it was import ant. Tbs prisoners turned round at the noise, but Stapleton oould not distinguish who the woman was. Bloirjiave his evidence in a hesitating manner, swearing of coarse tbat ho was Staplelon. That he oamo from Kilkenny, and telling tbo judgo tho points tbat he had previously obtained from Wrsrjge. Ileatout ly maintained that the priaoner'a mine waa Blair, ond that ho had worked with him nt number nino atation, and knew him well. Tim live prisoners in the dook cried out that tbo man in tho witness box was really Blair, and matters scorned to bo about tbe same aa at llrat, for little reliance was placed on oon viola' statements. Wraygo followed Blair, and wilfully por juroi himself by (wearing that tho man who nod just given ovidenco was in reality Henry Stapieton. That bo know him well, having worked'with him nlno ycarB boforo at the brick yards in Hobart Town. Tbis was veri fied by the records, and it Bcemcd as though tho real S'.spktou'u statements would be con troverted, when tho Comptroller General stood up and told tho judge that bo had two important witnesses who would be able to identify Ibe real B:aplcton it ho wero present. The judge asked them to oomo forward, and allow no one To Icnvo tbo courts Heffcrnan and Mils Byrno, who had re covered, did ns asked, and tbe judge ordered ttio former into the witness box, and asked him who ho waa. Ua told him thai ho bad jnat reached Ilnbart Town from the town ot Kilkenny lo find ono Henry Siapleton Blair was placed in front of him, and ho was asked il that wa3 tho man, bat ho said em phatically no. Ho was nothing like him. Blair waB tho very picture of misery ae be stood on tho door ol Iho court trembling, tor ho knew that Iho gamo was up, Wragge was little better, for bo was as whito as a ghost. Ho was next naked il ho knew tho prisoner in the djok who claimed to bo Staplelon, and after a long eorutiny bo said that, although greatly changed, he boliovcd ho was tho man Bnd that a young lady, to whom tbo ojnviot had formerly been engaged,' had recognise! bis vsice as that of her lost sweothenrt. Thla created a slight flutter in court and Stnploton rnid it tbo judge would cause Htfhrnan to »sk him different questions about hlB nati«o place bo would speedily con vince him of hiB identity. This waB dons and the answers given made it abundantly clear that tbe convict was the mac tor whom a frco pardon bad been Bent out, and who bad been cruelly deprived ol it, Ellen Dftae waa placed in tbo box next and a pninlul sceno followed after buo hat sworn t--at tbe man in the dock waB Henry Staplelon, and bow she bad recognised him by biB voice. The prisoner was overcome and aho fainted at tbe sight ol his grief nm altered oppenranoe, and tho fnot that he was being tried for bis lilo. Sho was carried out of court for tbe second time, and then tbo judgo aiked lilair bow ho oamo to commit suah a crime. Tho murderous ruffian broke down utter ly, and coufeeiod that bo had been asked to take Stapleton's clothes by Wraggo ond Ben son, t'jr whoBO murder the prisoncrB wcro be ing tried. lie related clearly everything as it occurred nnd which the reader already knows ; aod though tho superintendent tried to deny it and ewore that ho muat hive beon dcooivei by a oosBplrocy between BenBon and Blair, the circumstances attending, il pointed so glaringly to him as the prime mover that tbo judge ordered his arrest on charges ol murder, conspiracy, and perjury (Blair bad confessed about tho murdor ot tho prisoner at Macquario Harbor Station). Two of Ibe court constables wero advanc ing to arrest him when he took a double barrelled pistol from his pookot and fired point blank at lilair, whn fell, and then blew his own brains ou- on the floor ot the court. Blair rcoovercd, ond won sent to Nurlolk Is land for flvd vears. Kat\vitlmtRtifl!,.l. tt.. facts nd'luood— no ovidenco beinu given that be had Btruok a single blow in tho murder of Benson— the fire convicts wero found guilty and executed, Slaplaton amongst the rest. Strenuous i fljrts wero made lo save him, but the bloody oonvioc law had to be vindicated, anil Ellen Il.vrno left Uobart Town with her guardian a heart-broken ' I hope my visits are not disagreeable to you,' be said, ' Not at all,' she politely anitrerod. 'I have sometimes thought that I wearied pou.' 'Ob, no, No matter bow gloomy I feel rbtm you call, I am always happy whon you *1 \ / ' 