SIFTI/NGS. Is it not time the farce of pretending to re-unite the third party in Parliament were abandoned ? Until the seceding members express themselves ready to undo the work of the session as far hback as the meeting in canucus immediately preceding the division on Mr. tReid's motion, nothing can pos sibly be done that is really worth doing. The members who remained faithful to` the principles enunciated by the accepted platform of the party cannot honourably yield one inch; and the talk about compromise is idle. tit is either meant to afford a way of letting the eceders escape the reward of their cold-blooded ratting, or to sot up a moduls virendi which will bind'tbo faithful minority to a course of procedure marked out by the seoese eionists-n cool piece of presumption, if not impu dence, which meritse nothing but contempt. No doubt the loading secessionists would like to see a united family again. The results of their treachery have hardly been what they anticipated. Mr. Dibbo doesn't even pretend that he buhas any reepent for them, and the prospects of accomplishing any good work vanished like a ghost when the " balance of power" was lost through the fatal vote which brought Mr. Dibbs to the surface. The only poe sible way of reconciliation is for Moscre. Fitzgerald and party to become politically honest again. They have heaped contempt on the labour movement and piled unoumbered obstacles in the way of its pro gress. Let them sit in saeckeloth and ashes, and set to work, like repentant seekers after political salvation, to undo the evil they have daon. Then there may possibly be a prospect of united aotion once more. But all the Trenwiths in the world cannot weld together faithfulness and treachery, truth and falsehood, manly integrity and furtive, lurching dishonesty. Better open dissension than a patched-up recouciliatioe that will break down again. The conatituencies only can effect a genuine rehabilitation of the party, andthe sooner they are afforded an opportunity of dealing with their rep resentativee the better. 