CRICKET CHATTER. Bt Felix. It is a new departure to have our metropolitan clubs pitted individually against an English team, and everyone, I think, will be disposed to acquiesce In the new that such contests must be productive of benefit to many of our players, who In ordinary course would have no chance of meeting the cele brated English bowlers. Young Carter, of East Mel bourne, would not have the ghost of a chance of being chosen for Victoria against ihe visitors, bat the fix ture with sixteen of East Melbourne gave him an op portunity of showing what he is made of, and it is correct to state that his soon: of 55 wns as plucky and spirited a performance as any reoorded 'in the metro politan matches against the Englishmen. The Visitors themselves were very pleased with his display, marked as it was by resolute andably-executed strokes, entirely free fronfany sign of that hesitating or falter ing play frequently shown by young batsmen in meet ing bowlers of such world-wide renown at those in cluded in Lord Sheffield's team. Outer, on his form in the oontest referred to, must undoubtedly be re garded as a capable batsman, with his heart in the right place, and I have much pleasure in recording that ail the Englishmen oonsider him a Sterling bats man, ganged by his exhibition against them. Letcher's bowling, too, was of adasegood enough to win most favourable comment bom the Englishmen, even W. G. MwiwUf admitting that it was very difficult to score off him, owing tonis capital length and varying pace. Letcher shapes like a bom bowler, and if he will apply himself in future contests with the energy and earnestness which told so well in his favour in the E.M.O.O. engagement with the Englishmen, de pend upon it be will yet be seen in higher clasB cricket than that of East Melbourne first eleven matches. Another man who gained the good opinion of the Englishmen was Harry, for his splendid field ing, which, in Attewell's opinion, has not been sur passed in any of the matches they have so bur played In the colonies. There was one E.M.O.O. fieldsman who I thought would surprise the Englishmen by his brilliance; but unfortunately this fieldsman was not rifairly in his best form. 1 allude to Coven, and I must say that he somewhat disappointed me. I had hoped to see Lever at his best in bowling, but he was a Wt off oolour, and failed to do himself justice. In the English match against six teen of M.C.O. three or four M.C.O. players who are never picked in a Victorian team displayed commendable form with bat smd ball, notably Jos. Curr, who was almost Bannermanic in the admirable defensive game he played. J. Wilson, too, gave proof that he is a periling bowler and a free bat, and one or two other young M.O.OL men shaped meritoriously. Again, at South Melbourne, we find Edgar Barrett making a oapital doable in a way wbioh pleased his friends, ana the well-known "Bill" Over also ap peared to advantage with the bat. South Melbourne supporters, of course, regret the feeble show they mace with the ball arxf In the Arid against the famous W. G. and his men, but despite the bad fielding, Kemp comes out with the really good bowling average of 0 wickets for 6*. I was sorry to see that capable young batsman Graham bowled off his pads for nought right away, for if he had got going the Englishmen, I am sure, would have liked his play very much. Other metropolitan teams have yet to meet the Englishmen, end I hope to have the pleasure of chronicling some sterling performances with both bat and ball on the part of rising players. I look forward with special interest to the matoh between twenty junion and the Eng lishmen, which will take plaoe on the East Melbourne ground on 2Srd, 25th, ana 86th January. It is now the great topic of discussion in junior circles, and should the juniors exhibit their true all-round form in the encounter, I do not hesitate to affirm that the Englishmen will have their work out out to gain a victory. Daring the series of metropolitan matches played by the Englishmen, the clerk of the weather has been in most gracious mood, and our visitors have been delighted with the bright and beautiful days we have had. Indeed, from Boxing Day up to now, the weather has been simply charming, with the excep tion of Saturday, the 2nd January, on the morning of which day a dust-storm swept over the city, end atone time it looked as if the great international match would have been interfered with bv heavy nun on that day. Fortunately the rain held off,-the sky cleared, and 22,000 persons assembled on the rrand in the afternoon to see that famous match. am strongly of opinion that the dak of the weather weais the English colours, for wherever they go he has so faraniled on them, and Ifaopehe will smile on them for the remainder of their tour, esueciallv in the combined match in Sydney on SiKhJamury and following days. If the weather be fine through out this match, I think the attendance will be the largest ever recorded on the beautiful Sydney ground, and tbe takinga will probably approach, n they do not exceed, the handsome aggregate sum resulting from the grand game on the M.G.O. ground. By competent Judges at the outset it was estimated that.the Earl of Sheffield would lose about £5,000 by his tour, but the splendid attendances were never reckoned in the estimate, and it is now thought that the tour will dose without any very marked monetary loss, notwithstanding the enormous ex penses involved. ®»e third round of pennant matches was brought to a dose on "Saturday, and the perfect weather md rod tost [wickets for 857, dosed their innings for to y°^kwho *** <not tohucrwUt, added 27 andthen retired, caught by latched off Haddriok. Ihe Fftreor crack played a sound game for his addition, and the only bell he » % ut was the* which resulted in his P*®8*®8 infinite pleasure to note that ti^wU*iow and popular JlDryadale gave un ttWal^ evidence 45 ho fo etin the "Jocky" of to this match he batted with all his recognised Sj"1 vigour, and when the Fitsroy innings hh^fJSlf witoSaesurttal aooreofw to ail I?* rtfojw were weiuimed had resolute i secured B%tto»Sjor tfTnunlott briskly ind well for 8*: VtiUhrad shaped neatly ft* 17, mod the other, doubles wero ^lBWBl QS> Mudle (UD.^gham took Hayes 1 form all round, «hd they have WjEiP w„ ^une. i with t aowl*w upohlaiex tngfttiw tfln his best torn, sod E. Bean was all there in compiling 41 (not out). The Northern aggregate wee 287 for 7 wickets, and thus they an victorious over the Uni versity by 8 wicketa and 169 runs. For the loeets D. M'Leod obtained 8 wiokets for 68. and 0. M'Leod took 8 for 67. Oaritoo defeated Port Melbourne by 800 runs. In the second essay of Oorlton Beonett shaped carefully for 78 (not out), which was free from a single error. A. Glasscock also appeared to signal advantage in compiling a faultless 54. Lord (29^ Whtttaker (10). and Browning (10) showed good form. At the second attempt of Port Melbourne the batsmen made a sorry show, a total of 80 only being realised with three men absent. George Browning was in great form with the ball. South Australia has gained the distinction, of coming out as the champion oolony in the inter colonial contests of the season 1991-2. Victoria was beaten on the Adelaide Oval with an inning) to spare, and though Victoria bad not a thoroughly re presentative team the win was . nevertheless highly creditable to the South Australians, who would have been better pleased if Victoria had sent over a strong team instead of a weak team. We all remember with pleasure how Victoria put New South Weles through at Christmas, and now the Anal bout has taken place between New South Wales and South Aus tralia, with the result that the South Australians have won by an innings and 63 runs. The match was shorn of much interest by reason of bed weather, bat it has to be old that in the first innings of New South Wales the wicket was capital and the weather agreeable, with an excellent fight for batting. A. Bannerman headed the boon list for Mew South Wales with 88, which. took him two hoars and three quarters to compile. He was mora than an hour in reaching a double. His late cuts were good and his leg play sound and telling, especially when opposed toGiffen. Next to Bannerman came Donnan with a wen obtained 80, which included several excellently executed strokes along the grass. I warmly con gratulate s. Jones on the capital form he showed in making 27, which score is set down as being up to the best form of this highly capable batsman. It is pleasing to read that A. Mackenzie put his 85 runs together in free and taking style, equal to anything shown during the day. He gave no tfiance, and hit a fiver dean over the boundary at square-leg. Wales merits praise for his brisk and plucky con tribution of SL Turner, ae is his wont, played spiritedly and well for 16, and Wilson raped freely, but rather uppishly, for 15 not out. Olarke played good cricket for 14. George Giffen sent down 887 balls for 188 runs 10 maidens and 1 wiokets. Jarvis kept wicket in fine form, and Hie fielding all round was very good.. In their essay with the bat the South Australians opened in grand style with the magnificent record of 289 for two wickets, but when play was continued on Wednesday, after remarkably heavy rain, the wickets fell so rapidly that two for 889 soon became ten for 830. Lyons and George GiSen added one more to the numerous in stances in which, with infinite credit, they have filled the batting breach for South Australia. On this occasion Lyons made no fewer than 145, and despite a fair share of good luck his innings was worthy of much praise. As a punisher he has no superior, and the New South Wales fieldsmen are prepared to allow that when he gets going the ball travels, and no mistake about it. Some of bis strokes were very clean and hard, and the rate at which he and G iff en scored is shown by the fact that 249 went up in about two bourn and a half. George GHfen played admirably for 129. AO his strokes were well executed with lots of wood on, and from start to finish he was thoroughly at home. Walter GiSen had a good bit of luck in com piling 25. At their second attempt the New South Welshmen had no chance to assert themselves on a bowler's wicket, and the innings closed for 62, of which Clarke made 18 and Gregory 13. George Giffen secured five wickets for 28, and F. Jarvia five for 83. For New South Wales Callaway took six wickets far 05, and Turner four for 182. The New 8outh Wales field ing was not first class, except in two or three instances. The match had been looked forward to with much interest, but the rain not only prevented Smith Aus tralia from realising a mammoth total, but destroyed any hope the New South Welshmen entertained of making a big soon at their second try. The attendance was only moderate. George GiSen will stay in Sydney. until after the oombined match, and, as he will have had splendid Eictioe by the 29th fast, he will, in all probability, ve his revenge on the English bowlers for dismiss ing him so cheaply on the M.C.C. ground on New Year's Day. B. Mailer, the well-known Ooburg junior, is about to leave for the old country to finish his medical course. R. Peel, the popular Yorkshire player, is likely to be engaged by the East Melbourne Club next season. George Mackay, of Sandhurst, was practising on the East Melbourne ground on Tuesday, and appeared to be in very good form. Harry Downes, the (rid M.C.C. footballer, had a hit at Johmont on Wednesday. He looks in fine health. For Hawthorn against Yam Bend, J. Coupar, the old South Melbournite, played a splendid hitting innings for 87, made in 40 minutes. The score included four hits for 6 clean out of the ground. Orowther (46) and Hatherty (IP) also played well for the victors, who soored 190 for seven wickets, against 51 realised by the Benders. A Taamanlan correspondent has spotted the follow ing coincidence of figures in matrciM at Christmas time:—North Tasmania, 19L against Smith Tasmania, who sooted 192; New Sooth Wales, right for 191. against Victoria; Eek (Tasmania). 191, against Benoonsfirid; Australian Eleven, 7 for 101, against England. The score of South Tasmania (108) was the same as they made in the North and South match at Easter test season. The selection committee met on Thursday night at the association -rooms. Union Club, and picked the following twelve to leave for Sydney on Tuesday: —Messrs. J. Blackham, W. Bruce, K. M'Leod, O. Roes,. H. Trumble, F. Walters, J. Phillips, J. Worrell, A. I Tarrant, R. Houston, H. Trott, J. Carlton, with T. i Flynn as umpire and A. Arrier as soorer. After the fine show made by East Melbourne against the Eng lish team, it will cause some surprise that they have not a solitary representative, ana it will no doubt also occasion surprise that South Melbourne has only one representative, namely EL Trott Many persons talk about M.O.O. baring seven men in, but as these men invariably perform well in trig matches how can the selection committee do otherwise than choose them? Personally, I am glad to see both Houston and Carlton in the team, for, in my judgment, they are both cap able men, and likely to aoquit tbmnsdves creditably, t have, however, a strong hankering after Hut ton of the University, and would fed gUd If • rriaoe could be found for him. Bruce states that Phillips, Roes, and Trumjrie are all doubttaL Should Ross drop out I would put Button in, and U Philhpe or Tnimble do not go I would, without hesitation, put In Letcher, whose bnriiigvwmrapnininmUie&qiMiaai.; I was present frotn start to finish of the association meeting at which the dissatisfied cricketers were dealt with, and I venture to say that it would be hard to find any body of men mora deeply sensible of what is due to the proper maintenance of the cricket oredlt of Victoria man ware the delegates Lng that meeting. The president acted with ami judgment, and his style, mien, aim air not fail to attract the attention of an present, > the com Trotffs letter ! warmly commend, and when I mutations leodved from him and Bowman were aneeptod I lather regretted that Dr. Barrett had to| baar the tall brunt (ri oenaup batrtbpfnll jwnBtwfiffliiwv Mr. Budd has given notion of motion for the next I asnotetionuaectiog that Mr. Baan ba elected a man bar of the kriection committee, rioe J. Barrett re signed. Mr. Bean, though not yet eleoted, acted as a member of the selection committee in picking the team to visit Maw South Weiss... .:. The Englishmen oonrider that the Wuuamstown ground is prettily situated, but Mm weather they thought was about as ook! as England. The fatetcbloiiial team will stop at the Grosvenor Hotel, Bydney, and Mr.' P. Knuoky wilt be maua JUr. D, 8o6U righQy pointed out at the association maritalttu£Urn word disqualify could notbeow reetly used acpoidfar to association rulee, wfa)ob wera totbe effect that an instruction be,ffRfct toVtfce ■riestlon committee not to pick oOeudbqnriayeti. 