ABOVE THE SPEAKER. -J B TlMOTHKUS. "Timotheus placed on high." For weeks past the Ministry have been like unto the " sick man ' of Europe Really the Turk is comatose, but there is a make believe that he is alive and well and capable of governing, in order to prevent a quarrel about the inheritance Who shall own the Golden Horn 2 which position-and Gibbon's " purple patch renders him an object of envy and Solicitude If that could be settled, the 'Turk would be warned to go Who is to occupy the Treasury benches' Any moment that could be arranged the Government would have been declared unfit But the watchers at the sick bed have been not so much studying the patient of late us glancing askance at each other in such a situation any thing may occur Jet under the special circumstances of the case the Opposition had a right to be astonished, when sitting in innocent caucus to endeavour to arrange matters with the Council about the Stamp Bill, a messenger appeared on the scene, ' breathless with sparring, very hot with haste bringing the intelligence Sir Bryan has gone and tabled a motion on his own account The action I thus taken upset all plans and arrangements It is very annoying to have nice!) prepared plans and arrangements upset, and possibly the rumour is true that, despite the presence of Mr Hamer and Mr Campbell some of the language used in the committee room was more picturesque than Presbyterian During and after the labour put) scene on W Wednesday) a hurried consultation of leaders occurred in open House Mr Gillies so to speak was in the chair. Sir her) an was represented by his acting country lieutenant The Ministerial dissentients sent their chief is person The decision was "Me must be very careful the beginning has arrived of the end The Government is visibly going to pieces The only thing that can save it is some premature action on our part before parties have come together The member for Port 1 stars knew all this and still he made his plunge A\ whether he made it for good or evil remains to be seen SirBrjans idea is to peg away to drop in a direct hostile motion whenever there is a chance And Sir By) an is of the race of the Sancho Panza who were a stiff necked lot and when the) said "odd, odd it was with them though all the rest of the world said "even the member for Port Fairy is not judged in these matters as other men are The frankly explained that the temptation was too much for him That the ' scene of the previous evening should not be followed by a vote of want of confidence was a something beyond his powers of realisation, so as there was no one else in the House to take action, when, he did so himself, filling up one of the blank forms which he is understood to providently carry about with him for such emergencies As to his future action, why, his friends said, ' No one could be prepared to act more handsomely) than Sir Bryan ' Sir Bryan's plea is that attributed to Francis (James Francis) when he helped himself to a piece of green turtle tat from the plate of an astonished alderman who was reserving the morsel to the last "'there is my card if you want satisfaction, but I must say you had no right to trifle with a bonne bouche so long Mr Cleveland selection for New York city, not for New York state, much less for America as a whole is said to have depended upon various arrangements, compacts and understandings to be armed at with organisations and interests which could turn the equipoise of parties either way And this is the position with regard to a new Government An) Hung will be possible until the arrangement is made 'The time between the submission of a vote of want of confidence motion and the voting upon it presents a rare opportunity for diplomatic talent Mr M later, Mr Webb, and a doyen of members have been saying monotonously that they support the Government because they could see nothing better before them A Afimstr) thus spoken of by the voters on whom it relies has lost caste Something, is sure to happen to bring down the crisis cloud and this time the incident was the quarrel with the labour members M in the Government should have had their little quarrel no one can well tell One could understand Ministers insisting the previous week that civil service salaries of £150 should 1 as the 25 per cent reduction for that was a matter of £30,000 But as regards the bill dealing with Ministers and the officers of Parliament it does not make £300 nor yet £150 difference to the Treasury all told whether you commence at £150 or £200 And if it is said that the £150 per annum paid to officers about the House should be treated as the £150 per annum paid to men outside there is the easy and sufficient reply) Look at the hours At any rate when Ministers had submitted the loss minimum and had sustained defeat they had done enough for honour Uli) intimate that later on they would renew the fight against Mr Bromley, against Mr W Allie, and against the little doctor ' And with) a special whip for such a purpose' Uplift the club of Hercules for what' To brain a butterfly or crush a pint of M li) should Mr. Bromley have been grudged his little triumph ' 'The explanation put about the House was that Mr. Trenwith having "gone in a hurricane for the £100 minimum, Ministers were not going to allow their faithful adherent to be sat upon by Mr Bromley. If they go one way Mr Trenwith fallows them-or rather he clears the way for Ministers, jostling and bouncing all obstructions. And descr) mg mutiny in this Bromley) development, Ministers resolved to adhere to their adherent. The idea of a revolt in the labour ranks against the Tren with domination caught on. The possibility of a man labour leader was a revelation. There was at once imparted to the contest the human interest of two combatants. It is not free trade and protection that attract attention in America so much as Cleveland and Harrison It was not military despotism against civil government at Waterloo, but Napoleon and Wellington, and in the Assembly the question mm "WillBromley pull the vote off or will Trenwith'" The Opposition, on the plea of supporting the Government in all its retrenchments," crossed the floor almost en masse. Mr. Bromley, with the customary) Ministerial majority about him, confronted Ministers, who had their Mr. Trenwith and the Left, and he was defeated by two votes when the storm broke out. Mr Trenwith was red with anger. Mr. Bromley was pale as a ghost with emotion The member for Richmond could not be kept down and the member for Carlton had a difficulty in getting up The one was vehement and panting and the other was calm and trembling 1 i pungent sentences Mr Trenwith expressed his joy at the defeat of the BromlejiteB because those who would exempt salaries of more than £160 a year are aristocrats at heart When he sat down the cr) all round the House was for Bromley) Mr "-1 eaker saw someone to the right first and someone to the left next but the cries were prolonged and when the member for Carite that last took the floor he had a rattling personal reception the Opposition joining in the cheers His statement that a workman is entitled not only to the bareness ends of life but to a little comfort took all round Further delighted House heard that Mr Bromby) has gillie doubts as to Mr Uren with a too t faith and next a House which I came upon various henri! Mr Bromley) s 1 relief that the Government does not care one little bit for the labour party and that it is uses Mr Trenwith it is for its own pure roses One thing is certain Ministers may believe in Mr Trenwith as labour leader but the House pickers Mr Bromley) the Government spent not merely a bad quarter of an hour but a bad hour and a quarter by the clock It took Mr Isaacs Mr I Smith and the others so long- to tell Ministers that if they can dispense with their majority rel> ing on the Opposition why the majority may dispense with Ministers It might have been worse for Ministers, but Mr Shiels considerate!) "cleared' and did not remain, as one of his supporters said, " to touch them up with a stock whip This prudence shows that the hon. gentleman is making progress as a Parliamentarian Sir Graham took the issue of the " heavy father As he put it, " Hon members do not seem to know how useful) they are I never heard of Government supporters taking the liberties they) have indulged in this session A little more respect to their old parent would be becoming There is some truth in the liberty taking charge But a Government which has liberties taken with it generally deserves no better treatment In the language of the meteorologists, the affair was a scheme intrusion Cyclonic intrusions betoken, sa) the meteorologists a change of monsoons But that may be the wrong term A change of Ministers is possibly what is meant There are storms that clear the air But this one belongs to the class that have the atmosphere moist sultry) As to the Stump Duties Bill, there will be no trouble in disposing of that. The present Government, no matter how it magnifies the matter, cannot force on a collision, and a new ministry, which would make a show of some little concession as a matter of courtesy, would settle the trouble in ten minutes. It looks as though the Council leaders Sir Frederick Sargood, Mr. Service, and the others had pretty well come to the conclusion to abandon the old idea that the Council is the House of Lords of the colony, and to stand upon the Constitution Act pure and simple. Sir Charles Sladen adopted this view in his latter years. And now the report of the committee of fifteen sets forth the principle in pretty plain words. A great deal is to be said in favour of it. The Council is going up; the Lords have declined from their once equal estate. It is only in the galleys (and in the novels about them that the quick and the dead are linked together. As to the Assembly, its position has always been the pleasant one of the little boy who is asked whether he will take pie or pudding, and who replies " Both." When the Council would amend a money bill by virtue of the understandings between Lords and Commons, the Assembly points to the Constitu- tion Act, which forbids amendments 2 and when the Council would reject, the Assembly points to the Imperial practice, which is held to forbid rejection. The Council does not particularly want to amend a bill just now, but it may have-in these troublous financial times to reject a money bill later on. The power of rejection may be dormant with the Lords, but it is a living power, under the Constitution Act, with the Council. The "constitutional crisis has about served its turn now that attention has been prominently called to the Council's real power and its true position. As to the Ministerial crisis, when all is over it is possible that at a festive board some orator will give the toast "The dear old Sir Bryan ; it is impossible to manage without him-or with him." 