THE FROZEN MEAT TllADE, St James's Gazette. We have everything in London, and we have our north pole. From the burning sun of a hot sultry summer day — which occasionally does shine hotly by sort of mistake — we can be chilled to the bone, and shiver in a keen atmosphere to our heart s con tent. Snow above you, snow above you dim uncouth figures looming around ; the whole pervaded by a cold frosty air such as Tennyson might have thought of when he wrote ' The heavy-skirted evenings drcop with frost,' but the vivid glow of the winter sunset that would touch the whole into a purple splendour is wanting here, aud, instead, we have — the dull gleam of an oil lantern ! ' Look out there ! ' cries a hoarse voice speedily followed by a gruff j ' B'yer leave,' as a porter comes staggering along under a heavy bur den. Plop. Down goes the light and in the dim light it resolves itself into three shrouded shapeless figures, which are added to the huge piles of other figures on the floor. Out from the top of each project hard prongs, which on examination prove to be the bones — bones clothed with flesh which seem as hard as iron, and on the white shroud are emblazoned the words, ? ' North Canterbury, N.Z.' ' This 'ere's the best,' says the man, ploeing his heavy hand 011 the heap. ' Canterberry I reckon's almost as good as English. Somehow beef don't freeze so well ; ho wo only chills beef just to keep it.' And out in another vault, on the verge of the North Pole, is the chilling chamber — which also curiously enough, is called the cooling chamber — where in the dim light hang ghost-like, huge sides of beef appearing in the very pink of condition. Canterbury is, of course the New Zealand Canterbury, and not the ancient, town wliirli oivns lii« fitln to his Grace the Primate of the English Church. Canterbury, too, is also mutton — or lamb, in the language of the market — and Canterbury lamb from New Zealand is, so far as we can discover, held to be the priniest jsint in the frozen meat trade. That trade, though young, is now assuming immense proportions. Anybody ay ho reads his paper attentively— and of course every intelligent person does so — must notice from time to time the large, though varying imports. What is^done with these ? They cannot be sold oil' retail at once, and in the muggy air of many of our English days they would soon deteriorate if means were not taken to preserve their frozen state. To this end, therefore, freezing chambers and cold air stores have been erected at various places, and there are extensive vaults under Smithlield Market where the strangers to our shores may be given an icy welcome. Other lodgers also find a temporary dwelling here. Ptarmigan, of course, are quite at home, game and venison try to look as though they liked it, and a hard frozen duck and sprinkling of powdery rime brings back vivid reminiscences of brisk wintry days. Cheese, too, makes its appearance ; but the frozen mutton is far and away the chief. The sheep come in — slieep-like, one after the other — at the rate of a thou sand an hour. But instead of trotting along aud enlivening the air with their melodious ' baas,' they arc rushed helter-skelter down a shoot to the lobby of the vaults, whence they are quickly conveyed inside aud stacked in the dim chambers of the ice. The advent of the fresh stock soon sends up the temperature, so that the engines have to be got speedily to work. The icy air is pumped through large wooden ducts at the top of the vaults ; the ducts having holes through which the freezing blast can readily pass. The holes also serve as vents through which the snow ac cumulating in the ducts can bo swept out, and men enter the ducts for this purpose. Snow and ice gather round these large wooden pipes, and the first shaft from the engines — the upright conduit which leads the ice-cold air to the system of ducts at the top of the vaults — appears quite a monument of frost aud snow. When the engines are at full work a vapour gathers in the chambers, something as one sees in frosty weather in the world without. The vaults are lined with a timber shell, filled with charcoal or felt to retain the cold. There are twenty-one of these vaults some of which are kept at a tempera ture of 20 deg. for the mutton, and others at about freezing-point for the chilled beef. The reason why hard freezing spoils beef more than mutton appears to lie in the fact that, the vesicles of beef being larger, more of juices are wasted when, on thawing, the vesicles burst, or when the meat is cut. At all events, the proof of the joint being in the eating, the testi mony is quite against the freezing of beef. It is for this reason that none is brought from the Antipodes. Chilled, it can withstand a compara tively short journey across the At lantic, but not the long voyage from the sunny lauds of the south. Mutton, of course, comes from the River Plate, from New Zealand, and from Aus tralia. The principle of preparing the icy cold air, which so quickly reduces the temperature of the vaults, is simply this : quickly expanded air produces cold; compressed air becomes hot that is, its latent heat becomes active. If, then, its heat is reduced during compression by a circulation of cold water round it, it will, on expansion, become very cold and absorb heat — or, in other words, lower the temperature — of ,1,11 vfhinir wif.1i wliirli if. into contact. The machinery for producing cold air at at Smithfield is so powerful that thousands of car casses can be retained in a frozen state. Should all the meat in the market upstairs not be sold during the week — not even 011 Friday, the busiest day ? — the master butchers dispose of it for a lump sum to their men, who 011 Saturday nights sell it with stentorian cries for what they can get. Saturday night at Smithfield is now quite one of minor sights of London. The great range of markets belonging to the Corporation 011 this historic spot are pretty well attended. Sometimes you could walk on the heads of the people — if they did not object to tint pleasing entertainment ; at other times they arc comparatively few in num bers. Here is a gay young couple stepping briskly along, not overcare ful what they buy ; they are youthful in the art of marketing. There is an old and worn -faced woman determined if possible, to cheapen the cheap prices, though only by a halfpenny. Fine Canter/''/ 77/ is going at fourpence and fivepence, and perhaps threepence halfpenny per pound. Dcptford killed American or chilled beef — no frozen rubbish, you will perhaps be told — is offered at from fivepence to sevcnpence, accompanied by a re sounding slap 011 the meat which may startle you at first. Some of these joints ought to be very tender from the vigorous slappings they receive from the butchers' ' Who'll have a prime wind-rib — 110 frozen stuff here — best in the market — prime beef — seven — six-and-a-half — six — fivc-and- lialf — fivepence a pound,' Tremen dous slap ; a minute's pause, a gaze round, a cry, ' Come and see what you harr a-buyin' ; ' and then the Dutch auction over again, The little crowd stare and gape in the garish lights just as it would at a Salvation lass, a mob orator, or a street show man — with this difference probably, that presently some adventurous being does step forward to buy. and the crowd gazes with dee]) interest. It is all part of the night's work', all part of the pleasant excitement of mar keting at Smithfield. 