I IN FAIR FLORENCE. I AN AMERICAN IN ITALY. II, An Editor's Experiences. lj The Fog in Florence — Something lj . About Italian Hotels— The Nude in lj Art— Michael Angelo'o Work- li ' shop— Why They Killed J Gladiators in An- n cient rtcme— jsunaio 1 Bill's European Triumphs. I Whiting to a Chicago journal, Editor Hal- 1; stead of that city thus records his expori- i ences in Italy. I have had hesitancy in telling on fair j . Florenco in one particular. The fact in the | case seems so out of character as to bo J wholly unreasonable. Daring the afternoon j, of my appearance in the city I noticed that j there was a mistiness in the air. We took j a drivo into the country to find a hill from ! which the city could be seen in its whole I extent, and when we got there the city did I Dot Bhow up exactly as expected. To be j sure, there was the Duomo, and the Campa-' j nile, aud the huge old tower of the town hall, aud iullf a dozen domes and spires | that one may forgot to name without a domand for the infliction of capital puuish- I ment. I wouJd itave remarked, if at homo t and showing a stranger the beauties of a \\. city, that one of our fogs was coming up ; but I did not think of accusing Florence of 1 a fog. That I should have regarded as pro- fatio recklessness. The next morning the appearance of day light was delayed m a manner that was for a time a puzzle. I struck a match aud lit a candle, aud there was something wrong if tho watch was not ahead of time. I pulled aside the voluminous curtaiils, and there was such a fog it was impossible to see across a small square in front of our house, A statue in the centre of the square could be seen like a ghost, bus tho further houses wore undiscoverable. I was so astonished that I came near ordering three eggs for breakfast, aod u3 two are the rogulur allowance I might have bad to reproach \- myself for the needless invitation of serious consequences. , WIIO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT IT? But who would have thought of finding a London fog in Florence? It is proper to say that the man who. took it hardest was from London, and he was so discouraged as to begin tho day with brandy and soda. My view or duty when the two eggs were consumed— and I had the couruge to order a chop in addition, and partook of that also — was that it was a good morning to see a few churches and study the frescoas that one must see, and that are so indistinct when tho sun is shining that it is vanity and vexation to throw oneself into tho attitude of doing them. Wo entered the baptistry a Bccond time, and the , guide repeated an offensive sentence — this, "Hero is whoro you say Dante was baptised," and thus sought to shake my faith.iu my local knowledge. I shouldn't be surprised if the man did, not believe Dante ever was baptised or aver was in Florence. Tho next thing he will bo denying that there was any Dante. What would you think of a guide at Stratford-on-tho-Avon with doubts about Shakespeare and springing his scepticism on strangers? A PLEA IN ABATEMENT. I desiro to say, and may as woll say it here as anywhere, a good word for an Italian institution— or shall I call it a cus tom, habit, fashiou, or necessity ?— much abused and misunderstood — the low tempera ture of their houses in winter. It has been impressed upon me many times that Italywas a dreadful country in the winter time, be cause the old stone houses were so cold and thero wero no fires, and the Italian people have been most disrespectfully spoken oi in that connection. I want to say, with full understanding of the breadth of the im pudence and the height of the audacity of the assertion, that tho Italians are far wiser about the temperature of their houses than are the people of tho United StatcB of North America. I do not deny tho public building, front any ono of tho departments in Washington to tho hotels, great and small, west and cast, that is not horribly overheated, and the remark may safely he extended to tho majority of the private liousc3. We usef uehvi tit frightful and wasteful profusion that is one of the most scandalous profligacies in the universe. Wc steam-heat ourselves at homo, in tho churches (when thero are not red-hot air furnaces), in the cars, day and .night, iu our offices, until wo are fast in the fierce clutches of the pneumonia. Overheating everything is one of our nationul abomina tions. We should live in a temperature not to exceed by artificial means G5deg., and wo are not content with less than front 70deg. to 75deg. the american kicker. Thoro was a howl beforo I left home that the Brooklyn Bridgo cars were not heated, and some chilly people wrote anguish (otters about tho cold and clammy outrage to the -newspapers, and these were classified as "publio complaints." Other citizens are shocked, because they nro exposed to the air ill climbing to elevated cars, and they scorn to ltavo no conception what a luxury and con venience those cars are. The comfortable, luxurious coolness of the Italian hotels struck mo at once. When you wanted a fire' you did not summon a fierce furnace. When you entered a hall, you did not have to faco n withering blast. .. Neither at Genoa, Pisa, Borne, nor Florence did 1 require a fire. Those who did paid 6!) cents "for a, box of fuel— a raro.ussortinent of the crookcdest sticks and tho most complicated knots that over grow .where trees are luught to yield crops of branchos and resent tho harvest by twisting themselves into marvellous shapeB. Sixty cents' worth of knots and twigs will make a fine firo for several hours — indeed, it will cover two days with duo attention and decent econ- omy ' People who talk of . shivering in the old palaces are those who have lived in over heated apartmonte until they aro demoral ised and their very hides aro unwhole some, in the vatican. They do not have many coal fires in the Vatican, for instance, for the artists who are copying pictures- to work by, but tho braziers of coals are comforting. I would recommend his Holiness to put in electric lights, but not steam healing apparatus or super-heated furnaces. It seems disconsolate to go into u.cold room with ouo candle aud go to bed on an iron bedstead so narrow that it is a sorios of meroios that tho clothing, however you may wind it about your form, docs not all slide on the floor at first, ns it generally docB at last ; but you can ltavo a beautiful light if you send for a lump, and, of course, you find the lamp in the bill, as you do the soup and candles and the salt and small radishes and the number of eggs you eat. European bookkeeping'isa matter of dotails that excites varied otnotious. Spcakiug of beds, tho continental Euro peans itave strange notions about the breadth of beds, It is funny to see two thrones erected in a domestic department, but the grand old Englishman understands a tiling or two. Thero is room for hint iii the world night aud day, and his bed is us broad as it is long. If he goes to bed alone he can lie crosswise and kick without,, exposing his toes. He kiiows how to eat, too, and as for drinking, lie does as the pupils of tho sing ing-masters arc instructed to do — ho opens itis mouth and thoro is freedom in the flow of the beverage, whether it is brandy and soda, or bitter beer, or dry champagne. the italian hotels. I have not as yothcard any of. my Ameri can fellow citizens and travellers complain ing of the absence of patent rope-laddcra at tho windowsl ot their rooms in the Italian hotels. They all had to say they felt a reasonable assurance, of safety in houses whoso inner as well as outer walls and stair ways wcte stone— "rocks that resist the billows and the sky." I . did, though, hear a reasonable .com plaint in a Florence hotel by an American citizen. While at table d'hote ho glanced upward and glowing pensive said -ho had seen enough ceilings decorated by old masters during tbe day without boingcallcd upon to dine under ouo that combined the zodiac with zoology, mythology and a some what flagrant physiology. The ceiling was excessive for a hotel. If one itad that ceiling in Chicago he might sot himself up for au old master. Tho hotel wae once a palace and there were legs and heads and bosoms and wings and robes flying so that they disclosed a great deal more than they concealed1. , the nude in italian art. Much has been said about the nudity of Italian aft, but it would not be so much no ticed if it wore not for the strange strife of the authorities to hido nature, with' the general rosult of making some of it far more conspicuous than necessary. The naughtiest things I saw wore obtrusive fig leaves, usually of tin pninted white, and strung around the forms of human beiugs with wire. .The most nude figures were those in which there was a manifest struggle for concealment. Thero is this to say, however, many of the statues are mutilated and the fig leaf has its appropriate uses. ' There is a curious case in St, Peter's. On the right of the throne of the saint thero is a tomb of a pope on which the artist placed two recnmbenl female figures in . marble — the one of age and the othor-of youth. The young woman has to wear a morning wrapper. of bronze, and it is rather duintily done. I should think the garment would be better occupied on the elderly lady. , a doubting thomas. A guide was good enough to rap with his finger nails on the bronze to show that it was real and resonant. I expected the lightning to striko hint just at that moment, cspeoiully as he had been guilty, of saying a few moments before' in pointing out the siivtir box sai'd to contaiu a relic of St. Peter, " Of course, you know, St. Peter was nevor here at all." I rebuked that wretch on the spot, in my feeble way, and really felt like doing it. I said: "Do you know bo suffered martyr dom on the site of this church ?" " So. they say," said ho, -'bat then I do not know/and I do not believe ho was ever here at all." " What do you believe ?'.' I ventured. His answor covered more than my ques tion. Ho said : "I am surely Catholic; yot I do not bolicvqall I am told. Ishall believe what I think.". The old gentleman upstairs in the Vatican has some curious children, and some of them are hardening their hearts.' ' ti1e italian troops. The Italian troops make an impression, stronger than I had anticipated, that they ore fighting, men, who may some day give an account of themselves that will revive the military prestige of tho people. Tho men in the ranks are, as a rule, very young, and tho officers look thoroughly up to tiieir work. Tho clothing ot the men is simple, strong and neut. Tne officialism of Italy is all-pervading, and cspeoiully proniinent in the cities and along the railroads. % Americans are deterred from going to Italy by the fear that the lack of tho lan guage will bo found a disability, distressing at every step, and subject them to extor tion. English is spoken in nearly all the hotels, and the prices are not extravagant. They count money in Italy as in Franco, and tho franc goes a little further in Italy than in France. The general use of tho telephone struck me as among the things I should not huve expected to find. If anyone wants to know something ut a hotel that is going on at a theatre or railroad station, what au easy as telephoning ? — and tho telep'hono comes in accordingly. Tho newspapers have tele phone news, and tho newsboys nre nearly as loud in Italy as iu England. The Euro pean boys are not up to the American stan dard in proclaiming their extras. the hotel "lift." . The Italian "lift" in the hotels is a jaunty affuir. It is regarded as a matter of the utmost importance, and treated with the greatest respect. The car is light, almost fantastic. There aro two seats facing each other. .You enter and expect the small boy who is anxious to know at what story to discharge you to get on with you, but he does not ascend, It is his part to turn an iron crank that applies the power, and you find yonreolf " going it alone " at a rate that is not alarming, " but you wonder what has become of that bay with the red band around his cap and tho buttons. He turns the crank, and you do tho rest. When your story is reached the boy touches q spring or a string, there is a sharp click, as if some body had cocked a gun, the car stops, you step off, opening the gate, and as it closes the cur most deliberately begins tho do- scent. In some American cities thero aro preju dices that reach alarms against the use of the trotley system of electrical cars, but they arc not afraid in Floronce, and I think they must use lightning, when they have it, extravagantly. The amount of fire Hashing from tho wheels of a car would terrify au American settlement, but tho Italians did not seem to mind it. the italian press. I cannot judge of the importance of tho Italian press, but ain told that it is growing iu strung h and character. In an Italian city I heard a crippled man with a bundle of papors for sale, shouting extravagantly. He was loud, lout: and lamentable. I aukod a guide what he was saying, and .had the ro- ply, "The paper he soils is called The Cry or the Poor Man," I asked, " Do you know what is in tho paper? Can yon tell what the editor wants tho poor mail, or the rich man or anyone to do ! " "I cannot tell," said tho guide, "whot the editor would have done. He tries, to say something to sell his paper, I think." " Oh, yes, ho would get rich himself put of the ory of the poor man ; is that it?" "No; there are richcBin the nowspapor in t(iis country." . Perhaps tho papers tiro not the lese impor tant because they are poor. I gathered that the editor of the Cry was an honest man, but ho had not found out what is the best thing for the poor man to do. Thoro is no hardor question for anybody to answer in any country. The Cry of the Poor Man is not a regu lar journal ; it is occasionally put forth when the editor thinks lie hns been thinking. I wonder' iHiether he hns found out what foreigners think they find so readily — that the key to the history that is boiug made ill Italy is tho republicanism of royulty. Italian unity did not coino through tho preaching of the equal rights in polities of men, but through a dynasty of kings who had the sagacity not to throw away opportunities ; and because Garibaldi saw that the King of ItAly must be the first republican, and he had the statesmanship not to ruin his oauso through insistence upon impracticable, con ditions. MICHAEL ANGELO'S WORKSHOP. One of tho authenticities of Flotcnce is tile workshop of Michael Aiigelo. He had commodious quarters, and his rooniB have been converted into a mu3ouin relating to him. On the table near the door is a copy of- the drawing 'of Michael Angclo's ceiling in tho Sis'tiue chapel, and it is a great im provement ou tho original— far more intcl- ligihla, with brighter colors, and in a butter light— and you have tho advantago of look ing down upoD it. I am glad, coming to see this, that Michael did not waste his time entirely in that old chapel. Thero are some letiors thn great artist wrote with his own hand and some of his original drawings — rude sketches — hud tlicso I much enjoyed, until referring to tho red backed book which all travellers- not ashamed carry in their hands and make- themselves known as in a hurry, The book said the drawings are doubtful. You sec, however, unquestioned models of iome of the famous works, and there is no. lack of likonesses. . > A partition shuts off the desk at which Aiigoio labored. . His Bible is there, but1 under lock und key, and I presume nothing short of a franc would find the key. Over tho desk nro two long walking-sticks, that have seen service, and belonged to the great muster. But it is better now to soe the sitting Moses and the erect David. The fog passed away about 12 o'olook, it was not irrational to imagine the sun shine that comes upon Florence iu the sum mer time and imparts to her marbles the coloring they do not lose, oven when there is a chill vapor in the air, so accustomed to genial fire. . , ,at THE OrERA. It was necessary to attend the opera in the evening. Tho piece was "The Rustic Chevalier " and tho Florentines are raving over the music. Tho orchestra and the chorus wore splendid, and the tenor, who was in love, as is usual in such oases, with another man's wife, and in much trouble, had a delicious voice. The audience inter ested mc more, than tho opera. . The general public wore in: the pit. Tho populace, in tho sense of those not carefully dressed or particular about anything but the music, wero in the upper galleries. Select persons occupied tho lower row of boxes. The aristocracy — uniforms, gold braid, buttons, dress-coats, big shirt frontB, dazzling tics, carnations or roses in buttonholes — wero iu the second row of boxes. You can judge of the proportions of the orchestra from the fact that there were thirty-two violins. The conductor flung himself into his work, and his body followed hie baton every time. T'lio choruS was a multitude, and appeared to have been marched in from, tho stroets with tho cer tainty, that all were Bingers. The voices of men wore memorable, aud I wondered whether some of them ' might be of the persons I had noticed practising at very late or early hours. There must bo some inducement to sing after midnight, in chilly and foggy streets, not brilliantly lighted, und I . suspect the Italian "boys " — boys as we apply the word at home — get drunk too late or too early. Suroly it is a wearing, tearing, and every way a bad habit to be opening one's throat i or drinking and singing between the hours of midnight and dawn. The groat deficiency in Italian houses seems to me to bo not in warmth, but iu light. This was remedied in the opera- house by h chandelier, thnt I have no doubt is the, pride of Florence — and 'it did shed a considerable illumina tion ; but tlicso people should see the Madi son Square Garden auditorium, the Taber nacle of Taimagc, or Caruogie Hall. The opera at Florence reminds mo of the circus at Genoa. The ring was tho pit of a- grand old theatre. The same old. white horse wo have seen from times immemorial galloped in with tho same wooden stride— the same four-times-four-arc-sixtccu pace— and there wus on his back the broad pad to which we have been accustomed, strapped 'in tho ancient way. The same elderly young lady bounded forth, with tho whip of other days in her hand ; skirts and tights, and neck and arms, and smile, just as half a century ago, 5000 miles away. Even the hair-drcs- sing was the same. Tho ringmaster, with the old whip of our fathers, was thoro, witli the talon t of the days of Audrew Jackson for popping tho whip, and the white steed was urged to deliberate strides, in the style of the Roman circus when Judge Thurmun was a boy. WHY TIIEY KILLED GLADIATORS. I am not so- much surprised as I was that the old Romans got tired of it and took to killing people ' for amusement-. They had grown weaty of tho old circus, -and tho mutual massacre of gladiators furnished a long-felt want, and casting Christians to lions and tigers was u diversion in whicli the Roman mind sought to unbend itself and find repose. To return to tho Genoese circus, the young lady oil horseback was assisted through liOops over which paper was pasted, just as she was iu the year whou Tippecanoe de feated Martin Van Bnren (and I have lived to seo a second President "Harrison smile at tho head of the table in tho White House over the gold spoons thnt were so important an issue in '10, that still do service in the execu tive mansion, while a democratic statesman pointed out to a republican that the metal was pure brass). Tito clown was made np without novolty, savo tho tip of his white nose was blaok in-, stead of red, and lie never changed a joke. There was "Buffalo Bill shooting," however. Buffalo Bill took Italy by storm. Ho is uni versally known in the Italian peninsula to bo tho greatest of Americans. The Italians all discovered him just as much us Columbus discovoredthe West Indies. "Rome especially, was ravaged by Buffalo Bill. The exoite- liient about him was revolutionary. If he hud taken a notion to proclaim the republic it may be that the Popo and the King would both have taken to flight and Bill could have been tho prinne president and had choice of palaces. the shooting in the oirous. The shooting in the circus was not bad.. Au American cowboy (in dross) stalked in, hat, boots, gun, dog, all his comforts about him, and he shot sevoral things off the dog's head, and finally the intelligent animal sat very high holding a pipe in his mouth, and when the bowl of tho pipe was shattered he wagged his tail and howlod for joy. Thoro was one performance that I confess with misgiving wns now to me. A livelier horse than the old grey of the orusades came in with a youth on him who wnB a fine tnodel of early manhood. He succeeded in running across the ring and springing upon the galloping horse, making good his footing without touching the animal with his hands. Then lie was blindfolded and a sack pulled over his head, and in this condition he suc ceeded, after one bad tumble, in performing tho same feat. I do not think there was any sham about it, and that he should be able to run blinded for the i tinning horse and bound upou him, 'striking and sticking on his feet without the use of his hands, savo to balance him self, seamed to me an extraordinary case of close /and correct calculation. Let me say again that I make tho admission with apprehension. t -, 