THE LATE CARDINAL MANNING. The death of His Eminence Henry Edward Manning, Cardinal Archbishop of West minster, deprives the religious world of one of its leading prelates. English Catholics of their uici, auu mo worm ui id uumusiaonu ocial reformer. Cardinal Manning, who was if very advanced age, had been ia failing lealth for a considerable time, 'out only within he past few days had his condition given oause or serious alarm. His death was hastened by in ocuto attack of congestion of the lungs. Cardinal Manning died in hia eighty-fourth ?ear. He was tho son of the late Mr. William banning, a London merchant, formerly jovornor of the Bank of England, and for nnny years M.P. for Evesham, and sub equently for Feurhyn. Ho was born on July .5, 1S08, in the village of Tottendge, Hertford iliiro, and wont to bo educated as Harrow, vluch is near to his nativo 'place. Among his nnteinporaries at tho ancient school were such ?hen as Lord Claud Hamilton, Lord Dalhousie somotimo Governor-General of India), Lord \bercorn, Bishop Charles Wordsworth, and Archbishop Trench. From Harrow the future Cardinal went to Baliol Collego, Oxford, and n 1SS0, at twenty-two, he graduated B.A., with first-class classical honours. On ;ho same clasjlist . were Professor Anstice, who became famous for his lyric translations From tho Greek tragedies, and Henry Wilber force. Afterwards he was elected fellow of Mcrton Collego, and having taken holy orders iu tho Established Church he became a Select I'reacher at Oxford— a very high distinction indeed. In 1S34 wo find tho Cardinal Rector af Lavington with Graffliam in Sussex. Hero lio remained till 1840, wheu ho was raised to the Archdeaconry of Chester. One of the foro most men in the English Church at that timo remarked— ' It is about the most perfect appointment that ever was made. Manning ia a truly wise and holy man, devoted, self sacrificing, mild, and loving.' It is worth noticing here traces of what may be considered unconsoious Romanism in Dr. Manning's theological views. Even whoa Rector on the South Downs in his sennon on 'Tho English Church; its Succession and Witness for Christ,' occurs the following ex pression: — 'For tho first 1,500 yean of Christianity Christ's earthly Church was one. nnd His ministry one, till apostolic unity of faith and practice withered away in the hollow sameness of the Romish ceremonial.' As Archdeacon Manning the deceasod published four volumes of sermons of considerable note— sermons which innumerable young ministers learnt by heart, and which were remarkable for emotion and advanced intellectual thought. His series of discourses before the University of Oxford, printed from 1S44 to 1850, won for the preacher fame as an orator, and set out to some extent the track upon which the Arch deacon was destined to outer a few years later. The Cardinal himself dated as far back as 183S his first publio act in that direction. This act consisted in nothing more nor leai than the publication of a letter addressed to the Bishop of C Lichee tor. The letter was followed up by a- small volume entitled 'The Rule of Faith.' But it is generally conceded that the real breaking of the tie to the English Church wai in 1810, when the Archdeacon published 'The Unity of the Church.' His formal secession from the Established Church of England dates back to 1851, six years after tbo late Cardinal Newman went iivor to Koinan Catholicism. The historic event was hastened by the Gorham case, the lesnlt of which was to leave the baptismal regeneration question virtually an o|-eu one in Llie English Church. Stroiic protests against the decision were- entered by Manning, Arch ifcacou Wilberforce, and Professor Mill, who circulated that memorable declaration among the clergy. 'The recent sentence of the Crown in the case of Mr. Gorhani's appeal having shown that the powers exercised by the Stato in the administration of ecclesiastical discipline,' it was said, 'extond even to the most purely spiritual questions of faith and doctrine, it becomes an absolute duty for those who aro bound by oath and subscription to the existing state of tho law to examine and to declare in what sense they understand the spremacy to which under Buch solemn obligations they are committed. . . . Our presenb desire is to ascertain to what extent the necessity of obtaining amend ment of the Statute law in this particular is felt; and our future intention is, if circum stances shall justify our hope, to endeavour to prevail on some members of the Legislature to undertake the conduct of this great and momentous question.' This was the declara tion enclosed :—' 1. That we have hitherto acknowledged, and do now acknowledge, the supremacy of the Crown in ecclesiastical matters to bo a supreme civil power over all persons and causes in temporal things and over tho temporal accidents of spiritual things. 2. That we do nob, aud in conscience cannot, acknowledge the power recently exercised to hear and judge in appeal the internal state and merits of spiritual questions touching dootrine or discipline, tho custody of which is' committed to the Church alone by the law of Christ. We therefore, for the relief of our own con science, hereby publicly declare that we acknowledge the Royal supremacy in the sense above stated and in no other.' The decision of the Court was, however, generally accepted, and Archdeacon Manning resigned his pre ferments and joined tho Romish Church. The Cardinal himself, in explanation in after years of his reason for becoming a Roman Catholic, said— I have had no other motive than a perpetual and ardent desire to give to others the truth as God has given it to me, and am fully conscious of the great imperfections of the books which I wrote while as yet I knew the revelation of the day of Pentecost only in a broken and fragmentary way. As I saw the truth so I spoke it, not without cost to myse'f. But I had no choice. I could not but declare that which was evidently to me ' the truth as it is in Jesus,' the works which I then pub lished, even without the private records which I have by me, are enough to mark the progres sive but slow and never- receding advance of my convictions, f : om the first conception of a visible Church, its succession and virtues for Christ to the full perception and manifestation of its Divine organization of head and mem bers, and of its supernatural prerogatives of indefectible life, indissolublo unit.,, infallible discernment, and enunciation of the Faith. Those books have a unity that is of progress, and a directness of movement, always affirm ing positively and definitely such truths of the perfect revelation of God as successively rose upon me. I was ono uanu tcntam, meridic caxutiiu, but a Divine guide, as yot unknown to me, always led me on. I can well remembe. at the outset of my life as a pastor, as I then already believed, the necessity of a Divine commission forced itself upon me ; nexb, how the necessity of a Divine certainty for the mes sage I bod to deliver became, if possible, more evident. A divine, that is an infallible, message by a human messenger is still the truth of God ; but a human or fallible message by a messenger having a divine commission would be a source of error, illus'on, and all evil. I then perceived the principle of Chris tian tradition as an evidence of tho truth and of the visible unity of the Church as tho guarantee of that tradition. But it was many years before I perceived that such a Christian tradition was no more th»n human, and there fore fallible. I had reached the last point to which human history could guido me towards the Church of God. There remained one point more— to know that the Church was not only a human witness in the order of history but a divine witness in the order of super natural facts.' Confirmed on April 13, 1S51, by tho very Prelate whom he afterwards succeeded in the Archiepiseopate at Westminster, he was ordained to the priesthood in the Romish Church, and in three months from his confirmation he had become a full ecclesiastic. In the autumn of the same year ho entered the Academia Eccle siastica at Rome, and excepting when he went to England each summer he remained there studying the theology of the Church he had joined till 1834, in which year at the instance of Cardinal Wiseman the Pope admitted him to the degree of D.D. Soon after his return to England he founded tho Congregation of the Oblatcs of St. Charles at Bayswater. This work, which took three years to organise, was completed in June, 1S57. Dr. Manning was elected Superior of the Congregation, and held the position for nearly eight years. Meanwhile, though he was Provost of Westminister and Frothonotaiy Apostolic, so great was his progress, that on June S, 18C5, upon the death of Cardinal Wiseman, he was conse crated Archbishop of Westminister in the presence of all the Roman Catholic powers and the representatives of the principal families attached to the Catholic communion in England. Four years later ha attended the Vatican Council, and by his discourses of writings contributed very largely to the passing of the decree which assigned infallibility to the Pontiff. Ia 1875 the Archbishop became a Cardinal Priest. He was elevated to this office on March 15, took the oath and received the biretta on the 16th, and the ring and oroaier on the 31st. On the last day of the month he assumed the title of 99\. Aadttw and Gregory on the Coebja HUL About a thousand of the British residents in Rome, Protestant as well as Catholic, attended the ceremony, and the new Cardinal, after on Italian address to the Mopks of St. Gregory, preached a sermon in English. Pope Pius IX. invested him with the Cardinal's Hat in a consistory at the Vatican on December 31, 1877. Cardinal Manning was practically hia own Pope in England. His life ia the Archi episcopato is referred to elsewhere. As a social reformer and worker in the interests of tho toiling masses his efforts call for particular notice. Ever since his elevation to offices which might have occasioned opposition tho Cardinal retained a great influence in England. The venerable Archbishop's opinions wore sought and followed on a great many questions of the day. To him the social question was the greatest of all. He cared for tho people with a loving heart; ho yearned for their uplifting, we need only go back to the great strike at the London docks, the circumstances of which are still fresh in puoliu memoiy, to get an instance of his practical care for them. Few hare asked for his advice in vain. Ho loved to help the poor at all coats, though he was over ready to act in the interests of em ployer and labourer alike. Education was one of his great themes. Ho maintained that School Board religion was denominational as against tho Catholics, aud he favoured having the Catholic schools under the inspection of the County Coancil as regards education and tho gcnerJ welfare oi the children in return for the privilege of sharing iu the rates monopolized by the Board Schools. Tho Cardinal was a member of tho Royal Commission on Education. His idea was that religious education should be imparted after the school hours, under the super vision of the County Council, and be solely controlled by the religious body that had the right of instruction by voluntary contribu tions. He opposed the Education Act of 1S70 because it failed to provide for any doc trinal teaching, and refused assistance to the voluntary school*, and he strongly disapproved of tho Free Education Act, because freo educa tion agreed to by the English Parliament must be secular. The crusado for the suppression of the liquor traffic had a vigorous champion in the late Cardinal. Himself a total abstainer from alcoholic drinks, he was ever rousing the Church to stamp out the evil of drink, and in the Contemporary Review not long ago pro tested strongly egainst the proposal to apply public revenue to the support of the liquor trade. He was President of the Total Abstinence League of the Cross. In addition to the duties that devolved upon him in organizing his Diocese and founding new missions, his sympathies went out strongly towards the children. A well-known writer, who was intimately acquainted with his spheres of labour, recently remarked— ' Cardinal Manning has the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When he speaks of the home as tho sacred foundation of society, ho differs from tho Roman priest, who by the conditions of his calling is homeless and wifeless. Cardinal Manning has been married. He has had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. His lovo for children is with him an abiding passion.' In conjunction with t'ue Rev. Benjamin Waugh, the Director of tho Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Clr.Uiren, the Cardinal published 'The Child of the English Savage,' which first stirred the conscience of English people to their regard for outcast children, and through the Cardinal Her Majesty the Queen intimated her intention to become patroness of the Society referred to. To tho agitation in favour of the Criminal Law Amerdinent Act a few yeirs ago, he also lent his support. He was a great helper to tho Homo Rule cause, and movemonts in favour of the abolition of slarery also found in him a warm hearted advocate. Together with Cardinal Gibbons— it was an open secret— the deceased prelate spared no effort to convince the Vatican that ' the time of tho dynasties is past, and that tho era of the peoples has fully dnwned.' Cardinal Manning bad been an activo member of nearly every Mansion Ilouse Committee, whether fof the London Hospitals, tho unemployed, the settlement of labour dis putes, or the relief of distress in Eneland and elsewhere. His charitable work, his efforts on behalf of the orphans, and the attention he has given to such matters as the housing of the poor are known to all. A year ago the Cardinal wrote a most eloquent letter, read at the meeting in the Guildhall, London, in connection with the persecution of the Jews in Russia. Cardinal Manning was prevented by a severe cold from attending tho meeting, and, therefore, sent his written opinions on the momentous ques tion which then agittted, and still is agitating the public mind. Ono expression then made by tho Cardinal is worth quoting— ' The per Eonal and domestic duties of tho Czar are, indeed, a sure pledge that ho is incapable of harshness to the least of his subjects ; and the illustrious lady who shares his throne like her Royal sister, to whom all Englishmen are chivalrously devoted, is a supreme guarantee of the Imperial justice and clemency. To the Cardinal tho Nonconformists were nearer in their approach to the Romish Church than tho Anglicans, and tho Quakers the nearest of the Nonconformists. 'The Quakers,' he said, 'hold fast to the funda mental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into tho fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God.' On June 8, 1890, the Cardinal's Episcopal jubilee was celebrated, and on that occasion His Eminence was the recipient of many con gratulations and gifts. In October of the same year, when by the way a discussion took place as to the Cardinal's precedence, an address from the Jewish community was presented to him. At the time of bis jubilee© most appre ciative characteristic sketches of the life of tho Cardinal were made by the newspaper Press. One of the best describing the Cardinal ab home, stated : — ' The sanotum sanctorum of His Eminence is a very litter of confusion to the eye of the rare visitors admitted within its sacred precincts, but to the eye of its owner it is far otherwise ; to him, apparently, there is a placo for everything, and everything is in its place. The Cardinal sits in the centre of a rampart of books, papers, and magazines heaped up all round his chair. You cannot help thinking that this is confusion worse con founded, but wait until there is need for reference to any volume or article bearing on the subject under discussion. Down swoops tho hand of the Cardinal upon the very thing that is wanted, and the extract is reached and read before you would have time to go to the bookshelf. But it is not here that the Cardinal generally receives his guests. The intending visitor is received at the door by Mr. Newman— no sketch of the Archbishop's houso would be complete without the silhouette of this faithful, quaint, old retainer, who has had the honour of being the muoh-trusted friend and servant of both Cardinal Wiseman and Cardinal Manning— and ushered into ? small waiting-room leading oat of tht severely bare. and spacious hall, built in somewhat) old Roman fashioD, short white marblo steps lead ing to the first floor and reception-rooms. ' His Eminence will see you at once.' Up the stairs, through a large ante-chamber, aud you find yourself in tho Cardinal's ordinary reception-room, lighted by four large windows. On the round table, placed somewhat close to the fireplace, so as to leave the centre of the room free) lie a dozen books and pamphlets, curiously indicative, as a rule— they are changed and added to constantly— of Cardinal Manning's wide sympathies and' oatholioity of tatte and culture. Mr. Henry James's 'Life of Nathaniel Hawthorne' lies next to Mrs. Alice Meynell'a nccount of the work and mission of the Little Sisters of Nazareth ; aud a couple of programmes of the great Hyde Park Demonstration lie atop of a volume of 'The Fathers of the Desert.' Ib is clear that the Cardinal Archbishop is true to all his colour?. A quick, light step can be heard ; a door on the right opens, and with a slight rustling of his scarlet soutane, over which is thrown a block cloak, His Eminence enters, the thin white hand, adorned with an archiepiscopal ring, held out in cordial saluta tion, or to receive the respectful kiss, if his visitor be one of the faithful. On first seeing tho Cardinal people aro generally struck with his look of fragility and delicacy. His ex tremely thin frame appears the more meagre by reason of his height ; the sharp, clear-cut features, overhanging forehead, and deep-set eyes, covered by tho small scarlet skull-cap, at onco give fhe impression that you are before a recluse who is the very embodiment of austerity. Yet thiB would bo an utter mistake. There is no man in London more eagorly interested in all that is going on, and better up to date in all political, philanthropic, and reli gious movements than the Archbishop of West minster. In a low, clear voice he informs him self of his visitor's business, going straight to the point with the directness and quiejudo which aro his greatest characteristics. Nothing can be kinder and more courteous than his manner and speech to strangers. Never at fault to find the right subject to dis cuss, His Eminence always utters during the audience eome word of warning or counsel which will remain, and he nover fads to ask his visitors to come and see him again ; often ho presents them with one of his own works to take away as a souvenir of their visit to tho Archbishop's house ; and to children brought to see him he gives a picture or medal. As is well known to those who havo the privilege of often seeintr the Cardinal, the question of temperance seems to him one of the most vital questions affecting the England of to-day and to-Morrow. It is recorded of him that twice, when supposed to be in arliculo mortis, lid absolutely refused to drink brandy, evidently considering example the best half of preaching. Cardinal Manning, whose diet is almost en tirely composed of eggs and toast, has never given a luncheon party in his life. His recep tions, however, count among the functions which, once attended, are nover forgotten. The audience chamber in which the Cardinal Arch bishop receives on these occasions recalls, in general colouring and appearance, the apart ment occupied by Cardinal Rampolla, the Pope's Secretary of State at the Vatican. The note of colour struck is a dark full red and dull gold. And over the crowd that the Cardinal occasionally gathers about him frowns the huge picture of Savonarola assisting at tho deathbed of Lorenzo di Medici. All sorts and conditions of men coudoycr each other, Mr. Newman announcing each arrival in a clear, precise manner. His Eminence, attired in full red canonicals, is an im posing figure, and owing to his never forgetting a face once seen — said to be a priv ilrge of princes— all are sent away pleased and gratified with some special mark of their host's rccoMect'on or interest in their concerns. H i.s Kinim-ncc'd brougham, specially built for him l.y an old friend, is a familiar sight when ever anything affecting tho commonweal is stirring, and he often abandons tho Pro Cathedral in order to preach a series of short practical sermons in some of his poorer parishes. The announcement that His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop is going to preach al-vays produces a large congregation. You may see the Cardinal anywhere and everywhere, in the palute or in the hovel, in his Czthedral or in tho lobby of the House of Commons, but you cannot see him to such advantage as in the bare-looking square edifice in Vauxhallbridge road, dignified by the title of Archb'shop's House. For there no human heart has ever sought for sympathy or help in vain, and not the most indifferent or casual visitor can go there without feeling the better that there should be in this world a man of such wido sympathies, intelligence, and kindly heart as Henry Edward, Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster.' In addition to numerous volumes of sermons the Cardinal wrote a large number of works on the doctrines of the English and Romish Churches. The following gives the names of such of the Cardinal's publications as have not been incidentally mentioned :— 'The Groands of Faith,' 1852; 'Temporal Sovereignty of the Popes,' three lectures, 18G0; 'The Last Glories of the Holy Seo Greater than the First,' three lectures, 1801; 'The Presenb Crisis of the Holy See tested by Prophecy,' four lectmes, 1SU1 ; ' The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ,' second edition, 1S(-2; 'Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects. with an Intndudtion on the Relations of England to Christianity,' 180.' ; 'The Crown in Council on the 'Essays and Reviews:' a Letter to an Anglican Friend.' 1864; 'The Convocation and the Crown in Council: a Second Letter to an Anglican Friend,' 1SG1 ; ' The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost ; or, Reason and Revelation,' 18)15 ; ' The Reunion of Christendom : a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy,' 18CG ; 'The Temporal Power of tho Pope in its Political Aspect,' 18U0; 'The Centenary of St. Peter and the General Council,' 18G7; 'England and Christen dom,' 18C7 ; ' Ireland : a Letter to Earl Grey,' 18GS: 'The (Ecumonical Council nnd the Infallibility of the Roman Pontiff: a Pastoral Lettar to the Clergy,' 1SC9; ' The Vatican Council and its Defini tions: a Pastoral Letter,' 1870; 'Petri Privilegium: three Pastoral Letters to the Clergy of the Diocese of Westminster,' 1S71 ; ' The Four Great Evils of the Day,' 2nd edit., 1S71 ; ' Tho Fourfold Sovereignty of God,' a series cf lectures, 1871; 'The Dieinon of Socrates,' 1872: 'Ciesarism and Ultramon tanism,' 2nd edit., 1874 ; ' The Internal Mis sion of tbo HolyChost,' 1875; 'The Vati can Decrees in their bearing on Civil Allegiance,' 1875, in reply to Mr. Gladstone's 'Expostulation;' 'fciu and its Conse quences,' 1S7C; 'The True Story of the Vatican Council,' published in the Hnuttcnth Century, 1S77 ; ' Miscellanies,' a collection of his minor writings, 2 vols., 1877; 'The Catholic Church and Modern Society,'1 1SS0 ; and 'The Eternal Priesthood,' 18S3; brides numerous pamphlets. Upon Cardinal Wiso man's death Dr. Manning took control of the Dublin Mapazu.c, in which he continued to take a prominent interest till the timo of his death. One of his latest publications was the translation into English of the Pope's 1 Encyclical gn the labour question. 