AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. There was a good holiday attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening, when Messrs. Parker and Rignold's dramatic version of Goethe's beautiful poem, "Faust," was presented. The drama with its marrelloua Ecenic and Bnpematnral effects was received iritb every token of approbation, and through out the evening the company teas greeted with acclamation. "Faust" wiil be repeated to night and throughout the week, giving place on Saturday night to the new and oricinal drama by Wilson Barritt, "Nowadays," in ■which Mr. William Rignold -will make his fireti public appearance in Adelaide. Gabxeb's Booms. This popnlar place of amusement was crowded to the doots on Tuesday evening, when the Pollard Juvenile Opera Company gave their second presentation of Audran's melodious comic opera "La Mascotte." The efforts of the little ones were greeted wittaflong and continuous applause, and there seems little doubt but what the season of the children in Adelaide will prove highly sucoesefuL CORNISH CONCERT Encouraged by the success of the concert given on Friday evening, the Cornish Musical Society gave a repetition of last week's pro- gramme in the Victoria Hall on Tuesday evening. The hall was well filled, and the various items on the programme were carried out to the entire satisfaction of the audience, who were unsparing in their marks of appre- ciation. Abcreb-stbket Schooleoou. A novelty in the shape of a "drawing-room entertainment for the people" was given in the Archer-street Wesleyan eohoolroom on Tues day evening. The hall was crowded and the Bey. H. T. Burgees ooenpied the chair. The platform was nicely arranged and tastefully decorated by some of the young ladies of the congregation, fomitnra being tent by Mr. P. LeOamu, of North Adelaide. The entertain tnent opened with the National Anthem, which was given in solo and chorus parts. Several plantation melodies, such as " Bat is it so," "Far away over there," and "Home, boys, home," were rendered by the Misses Dicken eon, Hanke, Mitchell, and Fowler, Messrs. Fash, J. Michel], and Cooper. Mr. F. J. Michell accompanied the melodies on the piano and played the accompaniments for the soloists. After Mrs. Thomas and Miss Trevqrrow had artistically given pianofore selections, Miss Fowler sang snd scored a encosss in the "Old log cabin," the oompany joining in the chonis, and in the pretty song, "Mary of AigyW' Miss Michel's clear soprano was also heard to advantage in " I cannot sing the old songs," while Miss Trewenack gave an excellent rendering of the "Bailiff's daughter." One of the pnnoipal features of the concert was tbe two sketches of Cornish character given by the Rev. G. E. Howe during the evening. Tbe first was entitled "Maister Pasooe and his -weak narves." Into this the rev. gentle man imported considerable humor, as he de scribed now the ample-hearted Cornishman -was affected with " trembles" when approached on ticklish subjects. Mr. Rowe also recited a Cornish ghost story, in which it was Bhown how even the bravest and callons of men are at some period of their lives "frightened out off their wits by imaginary spirits haunting their bedrooms.'' The entertainment, which ires under the auspices of the Archer-streeb Literary Association, was a complete success. Catholic Obphaxage Bazaar. The Catholic bazaar in aid of the St. Vin cent de Paul Orphanage was brought to a -close on Tuesday evening, when the Town Hall was more than comfortably thronged. Each of tbe excellently arranged stalls was a centre of attraction and the fair vendors did a thriving business. A pleasing programme of music was provided by the th'ip™"*'' of the Cathedral choir, numbers being rendered by Mrs. Geach, Missee Korfi, Hines, and S. Mortiseey, and Messrs. Young, Cook, and Mclnemey. Messrs. Lv Oloughfin, M.P., J. McGann, and A. McDonald with the ordinary committee supervised 'the drawing for the prizes in connection with the art union, and the winning numbers winch were made known trill be advertised on Friday next. Ctclobama, The fact that a new singer would be intro duced to the public of Adelaide at the Cyclorama on Tuesday evening drew a large audience, whose expectations were in no way disappointed. Mrs. Gwen Davies's charming voice and her perfect interpretation of the solos allotted her brought forth expressions of delight, and her success was pronounced. Mr. G-eoige "Gardner's violin oHigntas, written by lam specially for the soloist, are of high order, and were finely rendered by his brother, Master J. A. Gardner. Mr. Lockly gained rna*rt«l attention in his I interesting lecture ■on " Jerusalem." 