'THBOTOH THICK AND THIN.' ? ♦ BY THE ATJTHOB, OF 2MT5T WSE^E: OR SSES. [ALL BIGHTS BESEffVED.] (Commenced in the Evssisq Nxws, August: 10.) CHAPTER XXXX — (Contintted.) ' He bad done a deed in England that stamped him a bero, but tbis is not to the point. That big fellow who 'brought me up here came to my hetel and told me, what I thought, a cock-and-bull story, about having seen his comrade's ghost. He- was so sure, and described him so exactly, that I made him show m« the 'place. We came here. I called him by his own name, and he recognised me at once, but fainted almost immediately. You know the rest. We rang for help,. and here I am.' ' They say truth is stronger than fic tion,' Dr. Eames said, ' and it is so in this instance. ' I don't know much about the poor fellow upstairs, except that he is a gentleman, and that tb ere is a sad story connected with him in some way.' ' How did you get bim. bere ?' ' From the hospital. I say the hospital, I because it is the best in the city. He had been taken there to all appearance dead, but in reality his injuries were wonderfully slight, coneiilering all things. He was one of the inmates of a block of buildings that fell with a crash in the midet of one of the fiercest fires that I ever remember here.' ' He ?was a fireman,' Mr. Lynn said ; ' he was the Richard Dent that you have heard of. The men have buried someone else.' ' There was 'nothing about him to indi cate that he belonged to the brigade in any way,' Dr. Eames said. ' He was not in uniform, and his clothes were so destroyed and dirty that it was almost impossible to tell what they had been. It was quite by accident that I heard that there was a patient in the hospital that was supposed to have lost his wits in the fire, and 1 went to see him. I am interested as you may suppose in all pha«es of insanity ; I rather expected to find a curious one in this instance.' ' And you did not ?'* ' I did not find insanity at all — at least, I thought not, and, if what you say is true, and he recognises you, my theory will turn out to be correct. I only found loss of memory as to certain things and periods of time. I gather from what I see of him. that he haB somehow lost a slice out of his life. This is not the first bad accident he has met with r' 'NO.'; ' And the other one was a fall from some rocks?' ' Ye«.' ' At the Land's End, in England P' ' Yes.' ' Then he has picked up his life from tbere, that is alL He will not speak a word about it nowj he says he has no friends. I have gathered from some dis jointed words that tbere was something more than usually painful about the acci dent, and that he prefers to be thought dead.' 'How was he saved P' ejaculated the lawyer. ' If you could see the spot, doctor, you would know that nothing could fall over that precipice and live, unless by a miracle.' 'I heard a sailor's name mentioned when first I was interested in him — a queer outlandish-sounding name, but a real one as I think.'1 , ' Luke Scantlebury ?' ' That was it. He addressed one of the dressers in the hospital by that name when he was first recovering, and asked how long he had been there, and whether any one had found out. He never alludes to the matter. now; in all respects, except that a piece of his life is gone, he is sane and very useful.' ' And you have taken charge of him ?' ' I have, and be owes me nothing ; he is worth more than his keep. He is an intel lectual man, and a valuable assistant to me ia many ways. You will take him back to England?' ' Undoubtedly. He is the heir to an earldom, and will have a fine fortune almost directly independent of that. I shall have to exercise some care in the unravelling of the strange clue that I have chanced on ; but there is no doubt of hie identity. His comrade in the brigade re-* cognised him at once, and I know him for the lad I want, so I hope it will be managed without much trouble.' ' It is a curious story.' 'Yes, and one that cannot be published to the world — the story of that fall from the rocks cannot be told without ? * '? Ah, I can guess — a family matter.' ' Yes 5 what do you call him ; have yon his name ?' ?' He is No. 24 here — that was the number of his bed in the hospital — and he prefers it to anything else. All sorts of guesses were made about him at first, and he is supposed to be a man called James Slack, who had been missing since the fire. I believe the authorities have him down under that name, but it is not his. When I asked him he shook his head. ' I never heard that name,' he said. * It is not toy name. I would rather keep to my number, please, Dr. Eames,' and we humor him.' CHAPTER XXXIL— Awaxenh-o. There was very little Bleep for Mr. Lynn that night. He had succeeded beyond his wildest expectations, but there was much still to find but and do. The certainty that Eric Westovex was Btill alive had come to him by degrees— -small things that he heard— intelligence that had reached him in many roundabout ways— the sudden disappearance, of the Bailor, Luke Scantle bury from, his old haunts, of which he was fully aware ; and, most of all, the fact that no trace of the young man's body had ever been found, all helped to piece to gether a whole, of which he made out the fact that Lord Rutherford's heir was alive and in hidinc somewhere. People who know the coast talked shrewdly, of $he impossibility of anyone who fell over the cliffs ia that particular place ever being rescued, and of he body having been washed out to «ea in a storm that came about a week after the catas trophe. Mr. Lynn, knew very well that just below the ledge from which Eric 'Weetover had fallen, or been pushed, there was a deep pool that would hold what is engulfed in spite of the war of waters out side. He had had an inkling of the truth one, day in a conversation with Mrs. Bruce, who had inadvertently let fall a word that gave him a clue 5 but she had seen her error and was not to be drawn afterwards. What it was that made him feel sure that there was some mistake in the news of the death of the fireman at Quebec he could not tell. It was one of those intui tions that come to people now and. then, and are twisted by the superstitious into spiritual revelations. He was np almost with the first appear ance of daylight ; he was too excited and anxious to sleep. Dr. Eames had said there was no insanity. What if this sudden shock should produce it — should act on a body already weakened, and' leave him. mentally afflicted past all hope of cure? He was very glad when the eounds of the household proclaimed that others were stirring, and as soon as he could he went downstairs and out into the pleasant gar den, which was beautifully kept and re dolent of flowers opening to the morning air. He must bide Dr. Eames' s time for an introduction to his patient, and he saun tered about watching men. here and there at work as if they were in full possession of their wite. ' That's not straight, Fellowes. I have told you a dozen times at least ; you can't do your work properly except by measure.' ' Just bo, sir — just so; but when the measures' all turn to live eels, and the pegs to porkypines, what's a man to do ?' '? All, I forgot ; you told me that the other day. I must ask the doctor for a man who doesn't have eels for tools. How about the spade?' ' That's all right, sir ; that don't turn to anything.' ?' Very well, then ; you shall do the digging in this corner here. You'll like that.' The speakers moved away, and the lawyer followed them at a little distance, for the one who seemed to be in authority was Eric Westover. His voice sounded clear - and firm, not like the tones of a man in weak health at all. He came upon him as he was directing his companion, a demented-looking creature , how to dig up a bit of jfground, and as he raised his eyes from his task he encountered his old friend. A flash of joyful surprise came into his face. ' Mr. Lynn !' he exclaimed, holding out his hand. ' Then it was no dream, and I did see you? How glad I am.' The lawyer took both the hands in his, and pressed them silently. He could not find words to speaki 'Can you leave him?' he asked, indi cating the other man who was working away as if his life depended on it. ' Oh, yes, there are. plenty of atten dants everywhere about, but Fellowes is not so easy to deal with, and he has taken a great fancy for me, bo I take him in hand now and then. I never contradicthim, which is a great thing with him, and I generally get him to do what I want him. I can't make him make straight borders though.' ' No, I should *h*™lr it was difficult with eels for measuring rods,' Mr. Lynn said with a laugh. ' Leave him alone and let me have you for a bit. I am hungry for news oi what you have been doing.' ' Doing ? Not much. I have been here all the time. Scantleberry managed it. I suppose they all think I am dead ?' ' They do.' 'That is well. You won't betray me, old friend. You know what cause I had to absent myself from home. I know that my mother has been made to suffer less since I left her. Who told me that? Where did I hear it ?' he said, suddenly stopping in his talk and looking be wildered. ' Never mind, so long as you do know it. It is true, dear boy. Your mother is a happier woman now than she has been for many a long day, and the knowledge that you are alive will make her happier atilL' ' She must not know it — she must never know it.' ' She never shall, but with your full consent, and you will errve it by-and-by«. Your father ? ' ' Ah, do not speak of him,' ' I bhall speak of him. . He is an altered man — he is a Westover, and we must not expect too much. But I know I am speak ing the truth when I say that he would give his earldom to have . you back again. Don't shake your head, dear boy; it is true.' ' I don't dare to hope that it is. He al ways hated me.' ' He does not hate yon now, and your brother ? ' The lawyer purposely mentioned the name to see what the effect would, be. Eric Westover's' face took a darker shade and his eyes gleamed. ' Don't speak of him,' he said. ** Don't utter his name in my presence. You will know why, sometime, perhaps, but not from me.' ' We won't talk about him,' Mr. Lynn said. ' You will be glad to hear of Lady Winifred.' ' Poor Winnie 1 Hers is a sad life — neglected, uncared for.' ' Nothing of the kind. Lady ^Vinifred is a beautiful girl, improved and improv ing. She will make a sensation some day. You would hardly know Her if you were to see her now.' ** You are talking; in riddles or chaffing me. I don't know which. How can Winnie have turned into a young lady in the time since I left ? It would take years to undo the neglect and bad example.' « And you have been away?' ** Only about six moatha in all. These is something I can't quite make out, Scantleberry managed it all for me, as I ? dare say you guess. I most have been a great trouble to him, and out of my mind, I think, for I don't know anything about being brought -here. Dr. Ep-mes eaye he handed me over to him. I suppose he was tired of it, and wanted to get away to sea again. He was a .very restless fellow. When I found that lie had placed me here I resolved to remain.' r . It was strange and sad to hear him talk like this — apparently guite well, looking a little delicate perhaps, bat Bound of limb' and upright as a trained soldier. The years that had gone T»j since he left T*»d«naoa had quite gone out of his life, and left him with, bis mind a blank as far as they were concerned. Dr. Eames came to them as they talked together, and they -went in to breakfast. After the meal was over, the lawyer con sulted him as to the best method of pro ceeding with regard to Eric Westover, No. 24 no longer now that hi« name was known. ' He says that Scantleberry, the sailor, . who mast have saved his life, I think, gave him into your keeping,' Mr; Lynn said. ' He said so, and I did not contradict him,' the doctor replied. ' I had a notion that something about him weuld come out presently. I think that his mind will right itself by-and-bye. He has been taking things for granted, you see, and making no effort to remember anything. I have seen a puzzled look upon his face sometimes, as if he were asking himself questions that he could not answer.' ' What had we better do ?' ' Take bim out. He has never been down into the city since he came up here. Bring bim face to face with all his old associates. Warn them first — they must not greet him with astonishment as one risen from the dead, but in an ordinary fashion, as if he were still one of them; then bring him back here for a bit, we must not make too sudden a change in his way of life.' Mr. Lynn agreed, and soon after took his leave for awhile to go into the city and take the news of Richard Dent's existence to his old friends. Rutley should tell them — he would know how to' speak to them in their own fashion and make things clear to them without much questioning, which Rutley accordingly did, with much pride that he had been selected as the channel through which the news was to pass. ' You see, I thought I'd been seeing his ghost,' he said; 'and I didn't just see what to do about it, so I went to the lawyer here, and he went with me to the place and we saw him ; and it wasn't his ghost but himself ; and he haB been bad and for gotten all about it — doesn't know he ever belonged to tbe brigade ; and — and that's all, I think, ain't it, sir ?' *' I think so,' said Mr. Lynn, much amused ; and then in a few clear words he explained the state of their late comrade, and how he wanted to bring him among them once more. ' It is a blessing to know that there was a mistake,' he said, ' and I hope in time that all will come right 5 but you must not be surprised to find that he has no know ledge of any of you. The hurt he received has taken away bis memory j only for a time, I hope.' (to bb conthttjed.) 