"MY CHURCH"—JESUS CHRIST! Being the subject of a Sermon preached at Parkside on Sunday morning, May 29th, 1892, BX BEY. JAMES BJCKEOUV. TEXTS—'' The Church at Jerusalem," Acts, 1, viii. " The Church of God, which he purchased with His own blood." Acts 20, xxviii. " The Jerusalem that is above . . . is our Mother," G-al 4, xxvi. " And I, John, saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, made ready as a bride adorned for her husband." Rev. 21, ir THE subject of our present discourse is the Church of the New Testament. The texts we have chosen will guide us in our attempts to understand the whole question of the formation, preservation, and assured victory of that Church over all the difficulties which may seek to impede her progress or to turn her aside from the fulfilment of her destined mission. We lay it down as a broad principle that the Church is Christ's by purchase, by adoption, and by headship, We notice— I. " The Church at Jerusalem.—The materiel of this Church was diverse as to nationalities and character. No doubt but that the population was dense and afforded St. Peter a fine opportunity for preaching to them Jesus and the Resurrection." He opened his discourse with a quotation from the prophecies of Joel: " And it shall come to pass in the last days, saith God, I will pour out of my Spirit upon all flesh ; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams." Then follows a dissertation on " Jesus of Nazareth"—"a man," said Peter, "approved of God . . . by wonders, and miracles, and signs. His crucifixion, death, resurrection, ascension, and exaltation were affirmed in a forceful manner by this impetuous speaker. And now the vast multitude is moved from the centre to the circumferance. " What shall we do ?" they cry. There was but one answer to such an enquiry. " Repent," said Peter, " and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." They did, tlien and there, as they were told, and " The same day there were added unto them about three thousand souls." This, the Mother Church of the New Testament was constituted only of spiritually awakened persons. It was, as we see from the record, not a semi- political but a religious organization. It was not the "Church of Jerusalem," but the Church in Jerusalem, was in the text the Church at Jerusalem, thereby dissociating it from a geographical origin, and from all political entanglement. It was not the creature of a priesthood, or of ritual; but of faithful preaching accompanied by the power of the Holy Ghost. II. There was no rightful ownership of this Church outside Christ Himself : " My Church." The pronoun " my " is contracted from migen, that is, " belonging unto me." Hence, in the famous words addressed by Christ to Peter, we may thus read them, " Upon this rock will I build my Church,"—which belongs to me. This assumption of ownership links on to those pathetic utterances of Christ recorded in St. John's ^gospel: " I 'have manifested Thy name unto the men which Thou gavest Me out of the world ; Thine they were, and Thou gavest them Me . . . And all Mine are Thine, and Thine are Mine, and I am glorified in them." So that this union of Christ with His people is the counterpart of the union which subsists between the Father and the Son. "I in them," He says, " and Thou in Me, that they may be made perfect in One; and that the world may know that Thou hast sent Me, and hast loved them as Thou hast loved Me." But this gracious relationship goea farther and deeper as we pursue its attractive trend. The Church is Christ's by ransom : we are bought with a price, " which He purchased with His own blood." Do you ever think of the number of times that " precious blood" was shed for sinners ? Six times in all. At His circumcision, in the garden, at His scoureing, at His mock coronation with thorns, at His crucifixion, and even after His death " one of the soldiers pierced His side, and forthwith came thereout blood and water." Christ bled in all His members,—" His hands, His head, His feet."—and He thereby shewed that He died for all. Not one drop of His blood was shed for Himself; it was—itg every drop—shed for Adam's race. As in the case of the human body " the life is in the blood ; " so likewise in the Church, which is "His body," the life of that mystical organization is in the blood. The pulsations this very hour of a redeemed humanity have their force and warmth in His atoning blood. Are you living to Him, and for Him ? Then it is His blood has secured that grace for you ; for " we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all." In short, everything in earth or heaven, of a redeeming kind, depends upon that " offering ; " for without it there can. be no Church at all. But because of the blood ; that is, the one atonement which underlies the structure of that Church, and gives it both life and strength. It must live on to the end of the ages as the embodiment of an eternal redemption. " The gates of hell shall not prevail against it." III. The Motherhood of the Church. St. Paul says, " The Jerusalem that is above . •. . is our Mother." The Jewish Rabbis affirmed that " whatsoever was in the earth, the same was also found in heaven; " for there is no matter, howsoever small, in this world, that has not something similar to it in the spiritual world. If so, then is our ecclesiastical Jerusalem, typical of the "Jerusalem that is above" . . . which " is our Mother." But we may extract something more of profoundest interest which we have not yet touched, in the sublime idea of the Church's Motherhood. Why, there is no name known in the vocabularies of the world that has so many endearing associations as that of " Mother." Bishop Thompson reverently says, " There is no velvet so soft as a mother's lap, no rose so lovely as her smile, no path so flowery as that imprinted with her footsteps.'* The Church's Motherhood therefore should exert a beneficial influence upon our whole lives. See what good effects have followed from the pious counsels of good mothers upon their sons. Take three examples of such effects : The Hon. P. H. Beaton, a highly respectable North American statesman, says, " My mother asked me not to use tobacco. I have never used it from that time to the present hour. She asked me not to game, and I have never gambled. When I was seven years of age, she asked me not to drink, and then I made a resolution of total abstinence, and I have adhered to it through all time." John Wesley said, " When I first understood what death was, and began to think of it, the most fearful thought it induced was that of losing my mother." The strongest reason Cowper ever advanced for serving Christ and living a virtuous life was his mother's wish. The touchingly pathetic poem that he wrote on visiting, after some years, his mother's grave, showed how keenly he still felt his IOSB, and how religiously he cherished her beautiful memory. With such illustrious examples before us, we may well a9k what is our duty to our Church—Mother ? And the reply must be, the duty of affection, and reverence ; of sympathy, love, fidelity, and support. She is " the mother of us all," (A.V.) At first ihe New Testament Church was composed of Jewish converts and Gentile believers. But in Jesus Christ "there is no difference as to seed?, or races, for the same Lord is rich in mercy unto ail those who call upon Him." fcjo that at this very hour the wings of this loving Motherhood spread themselves out and over, in wanu and affectionate embrace,the whole family of God in every land, and tongue, and people. Yes! " as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings," so this spiritual Mother of ours, wheresoever we may be, and howsoever conditioned, covers us with her feathers and permits us to nestle close to her warm heart. But to be " counted nothing " of that kinship and privilege we must acquire and show forth the true family likeness ; which would be simply to return to the first conditions of our being. " God created man in his own image, in the image of God created He him." IV.—The work of the Church is to regenerate and uplift our race, and thereby fit it for incorporation into the spiritual kingdom of God. We enquire what are the divinely appointed factors for bringing about this desideratum ? Let the Book of "the Acts of the Apostles answer that question. (1) We must preach the doctrine of " Christ Crucified." He is the central figure of the " gospel of salvation." The Divine Emmanuel, in whom highest Deity and truest humanity unite as if in one person—the God man—" our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." (2) We must ,propound and propagate by every means of which we know and can command, that system of religion known as Christianity. This is the outward form of the religion of the New Testament, whose preached doctrines and moral •discipline are intended to represent Jesus Christ to the nations as their only redeemer, Lord, and •Judge. (3) We must uphold and strengthen "the Church," who "is our Mother." She is full of sympathetic affection for each member of her large family, whose wings of maternal love trill always cover them. And let us learn to imitate her charity for the outcast poor. Take an incident of this kind which came before the sympathetic attention of one of her best sons in the last century—JOHN WESLEY. "Many years ago," he wrote, "when I was at Oxford, on a cold winter's day, a young maid (one of those we kept at school) called upon me. I said, " you seem half- starved. Have you nothing to cover you but that linen gown?" She said, Sir, this all I have !" I put my hand in my pocket, but found I had scarce any money left, having just paid away what I had. It immediately struck me, " Will thy Master say, ' Well done, good and faithful steward! thou hast adorned thy walls with the money which might have screened this poor creature from the cold.' O justice ! 0 mercy ! Are not these pictures the blood of this poor maid?'" The standing challenge to the Church of this day is "to remember the poor," and to wipe away a great reproach. "V.—The final issue of Christ's redemptive work is adumbrated in the closing book of the Hew Testament. " And I, John, saw the holy •city, new Jerusalem, coming down from heaven from God, made ready as a bride adorned for her husband." As there is but one Church— —" one family, we^dwell in'Him, above, beneath " —so that portion of it, here upon the earth, is destined to pa<?3 through the " regeneration " to the skies; whilst its counterpart, in heaven, shall, under the great Leader, Christ, come forth to meet it in a loving and eternal embrace. Then "the tabernacle of God" truly "shall be with men," and the plan of redemption shall be completed. Hallelujah! Jesus hath conquered. 