THE GHOST THAT WORKED. I /IIVOST of you fellers have heard of * IU ghosts,' said the man behind the stove, 'but very few of you have seen them. Now, I'll tell you a story of a ghost, an industrious ghost. I ain't the man what seen the man that Baw the gho3t, mind you. I eaw it myself. The story nin't very romantic, but it's queer, an1 Fir tell it to you.' And the man behind the stove re-lit his pipe and started off. ' In 1878 I was in tho oil regions of Penn sylvania. I wa.^ speculating a little, and had done well, -and I knew the country pretty thoroughly. I was on my way from Petrolia, in Butler. Coynty, to Fairview. In the party was Sam Shryock, two other experts, and myself. We were going to see a new 300-barrel well near Fairviow that had just been struck by Green, the oil king. 11 'What wells is them? I asked as the road took a short cut through a way I had not been before, and I pointed my hand to three tall derricks of weather worn pine, with an engine pufliing steadily away besido each one of them. 'These are the Bell Union, or Ghost wells,' said Sam. ' ' And why the Ghost wells V ' 4 Because a ghost runs them.' '?I doubted Sam's statementat first. But tho other two experts nodded their heads affirmatively, and then Sam told the story. 'The Bell Union wells were among tho first struck on the belt in the third sand. 'This place then was a whooping wilder ness. There wan no communication with the outside world save by pony express, and although the Allegheny Valley railroad ran but six miles away, the condition of the country and the thickness of the forest made these wells almost inaccessible. ' No womau lived nearer than Parker, seven miles off, and the two young men from Erie who pumped the wells— Charlie Kay lor aud Fred Ha-tings--had a hard and lonely lot of it. Of the^e two, Kaylor was a bright, intelligent boy of friendly disposi tion, ju6t 21. Hustings, on the contrary, was of n morose and selfish disposition, and, although these two men worked hero by turns night and day for months without seeing a human faco other than their own, there was anything but friendship between the two. Kaylor had tried to make friends with Hastings time and again, only to be repulsed. So now the two men relieved each other, each did his share of the ?work aud no more, and they never spoke except when necessary to give instructions. Hast ings worked tho morning trick and Kaylor came on at night. ' Things went on like this for some time, until one day Kaylor was seized with a terrible attack of toothache. There whs no dentist nearer than Parker, and he suffered four sleepleas nights und days in agony. Ab last, on the fifth day he started to walk to the dentist at Parker, seven rough mountain miles, as soon as his trick or work turn was finished. He was back at teu that night, free from pain, iur Luu cuuao wua guuu, uut weary, worn out aud foot-sore, and nearly dead, besides, for want of sleep. ' 4 Work for me to-night, Fred,: he asked Hostinge. 'You know what I've been through, and how dead tired I am.' 'But Hastings refused. ' * Only work for me four hours then, for tho love of God.' ''Every raau works his own trick on these wells/' replied Hastings. ' 'AH right, then ; I will run mine, living or dead,' and he lay down on a board, whilo Hastings took his coat and bucket and walked out of the engine-house. ' At 2.30 'the next morning their boiler went up, taking Kaylor's mangled body and most ot the boiler room with it. The owners of the well, Satterlield and Taylor, of Titus rille, replaced the boiler and made the necessary repairs, and in two weeks the wells started up aeain, with Hastings running Kaylor's trick from 1 a.m. until 1 p.m. 'He ran the trick one turn and then refused to work it longer. He gave no explanation, but took back his own turn. The new man iu Kaylor's place ran one trick, too, and then refused to work it again. Upon investigation, the foreman learned thiu strange things happened on the morning tricks. Water guages were rained, pumps were turned off' and on, the engine stopped and started, and the oil cans were taken up by invisible hands and the engines oiled— not only the one in the boiler-nouse, but the other two, one hundred and fifty yard* away as well. ' Charlio Kaylor, dead, was working his trick ! They 6ent to Erio for Kaylor's brother, 'and he is there yet,' said Sam, in conclusion. ' He bleps at night on his trick, and the ghost runs tne wells.1 'Of course I laughed at the story, and Sam roplied, soberly ; ' 1 didn't believe it, either, but you see it yourself as I did.' ' That night I dressed mysolf as a tramp, and at nine o'clock presented. myself at the engine-house door. Hastings was on watch, and to my surprise, after Sam's description of him, he readily assented to my sleeping there. I noticed his black hair was mixed with gray, and he seemed worried and nervous. I suppose he was afraid of the ghost, and was glad of company at night, even if there were no manifestations during his turn. ' Taking a board, I made myself a bunk, ostensibly to sleep, but really to watch. 'Promptly at one o'clock Kaylor's brother came iu. He said ' Good night ' to Hastings, grumbled a little about turning the boilor-room into a lodging-house, and then he lay down and went to sleep. 'As tho first duty of the pumper is to moasuro his tanks, examine and oil his engino and seo all is right as soon as he goes on duty, I was somewhat surprised to «eo the alleged ghost's brother lio down nnd sleep at his poat. 'i was more surprised und somewhat scared ton minutes later to see tho link raise on tho engine to the ccntre, tho engine stop and the oil can raise oft' the bed plate, fill every oil cup with oil, and then go back to its place. Then tlio link was raised to reverse motion, and the engine started us usual. I pricked myself to see if I was awake, when tho water gauges raised and indicated one gauj'o scant. The pump valves turned on, and by their clinking I knew tho pumps were feeding. Then the oil can came up again, and tho record book disappeared from its shelf. ' The east door of the engine- house opened, and book and oil cAn passed out. Then by tho main indicator in the boiler room I could tell the other wells and engines near tliem were attended to by the ghostly pumpman. In fifteen minutes the west door opened, and can and book wont back to their placos. I stepped up noiselessly to the shelf, and there was the record of the tank for the night's work mado out. I turned back in the book. It was the dead man's writing. A shiver wont through me, as at the other end of the engine-house I heard the dead man still at work, whilo hia brother slept away beaido tbe stove. Charlie Kaylor, dead, still worked his trick.' THE PITMAN AND THE EAR TRUMPET. A pitmak entered a public-house in Now castle, where an old man was seated near tho fire, and accosted him with the customary salutation of 'Gude morninV Tho old man, howovor, paid no attention, and the pitman repeated his salute in a louder voice. This time his lungs had effect. Tho old man raised himself up, and, taking from a capacious pocket a trumpet of peculiar con struction, put it to his car; Our honest pit man stood amazed, but, after waiting with tho most anxious expectation for some moments, he exclaimed, with a disappointed air : 'Nay, man, it wiuiu ''to. Thoo canua i play wi' thy lug.'t I 