KAD^f THE LILY. I By H. BIDES. HAGGARD. \- COPYRIGHT, ÍS91,'BI H. RIDER HAGGARD. ?[ALL BIGHTS ItESEBYED.] CHAPTER X-CONTINUED. _ "Kow, when Baleka saw what had been dono, she turned and fled fróm the hut to the Empotent, and ao swiftly that the guards at the gates could not stop her.. Bat when she reached her own hut her strength faikd her, and she fell senseless on the ground. Bat the boy Moosn, my son, being over oome with terror, stayed where he wa?, and Ohaka, believing him tu ba his son, murdered him also, and with his own hands. . , . Then ho stalked ont of the hat, and, leaving the three guards at tho gate, commanded a company of «oláiors to snrround the kraal and fire it. This they did, and as the people rushed out they killod them, and those who did cot rush out were burned in the fire." Thus, then, perishod all my wiveB, ray «hildren, my servants, and thosu who were within < the gates in their company. The tree was burned, and the bees in it, and I alone was left living-I and Macropha and Nada, who were far a'* ay. Nor was Chaka yet filled with blood, for, SB has : been told, he sent messengers bidding them to kill Macropha, my wife, and Nada, my daughter, and bim who was named my ton, But to the messen- gers ho said this word, that they should not slay . me,' but bring me living before him. Now, when the soldiers did not kill ma I took .counsel with myself, for it was my belief that I was saved alive only that I might die later, and in a moro orncl fashion. Therefore, for a while, I " thought it would be well if I did that far myself ?which another waited to do for me, Why íhould I, . who was already doomed, wnit to meet my doom 7 What had I loft to keep me in the place of life, seeing that all whom I loved wore dead ? To dla would be easy, for I knew the wuyB of death. In my girdle I carried a secret medicina ; he who eats it, my father, will see the sun's shadow move no more, and will never look upon the stars again. But I was not minded to know the aBsegui or tho kerrie,' nor would I perish more slowly beneath tho knives of tho tormentors, nor bo parched hy the pangs of thirst, or wander eyeless to my end. Therefore it was that, since I had sat'in the doom ring, looking hour after hour into the face of death, I had borne this medicine with mo by night and by day. Surely now was the time to UBO it. So I thonght as I Eat through tho watches of the night, ay I and drew out tho bitter drug and laid it : on my tongue, But even as I did so I remembered my daughter Nada, who was still left tb mo, though she sojourned in a far country, and my wife Maoropha, and my sister Baloka, who yet lived, no «aid tho soldiers, though how it came about that the Jcing had not killed her I did not know then. Also "another thought was born in my heart. While lifo -was in mc, I might be revenged upon him who had ?'wrought me this woe; buccan the dead striko? Ainsi tho dead are BtrcngthlesB, and if they still . have hearts to suffer, they have no hands to give baqk blow for blow. Nny, I would live on. Timo ' toddie when death could no moro be pnt away. Timo to dio when tho voice of Ohaka spoke my doom, Death chooses for himself and 'answers no questions, he is n guest to whom none need open . tho door of his hut, for when ho willB he can puss tho thatch like tho air. Not yet wonld I taste of thatmedicine of mine. '? So I lived on, my father, and tho soldiers led mo baok.to the krnal of Chaka. Now, when wo came to tho kraal it was night, for tho sun had sunk as we passed through tho gates. Still, as oh urge had been given him, the captain of those who watched me went- in befora the king, and told him that I lay without in bonds. And the king Baid, ' Lot him bo brought before mo, who was my physician, that I may tell him how I have doctored those of his . house.' 1 Bo they took mo nnd led me to the royal house, and pushed mo through tho doorway of tho great . hut. Now, n fire burned in the hut, for the night was cold, and Ohaka sat on the furthor sido of tho fire, looking towards tho oponiug of the hut, and the smoko from tho firo wreathed him round, and the light of the firo «hone upon hisfaco and flickered in IliB terrible i-yes. At tho door of the hut certain of tho councillors Boized me by tho arms and dragged mo townrdB the fire. Unt I broke from them, and prostrating my- self, for my arms wera free, I praised the king and " called him by his royal nnmcB. The councillors sprang towards mo to seize mo again, but Chaka «aid,'Let him be, I would talk with my servant.' Thon the councillors bowed themselves on either eido. and lny their hands on their sticks, their fore- heads touching tho ground. But I Bat down on the , -floor of the hut over againBt the king, and we talked through the fire. , : 'Tell me of tho oattlo that I sent thoo forth to number, Mopo, son of Mnkedama,' said Chaka. ' Have my servants daalt honestly with my cattle V ' They have dealt honestly, 0 king,' I answorcd. ' Tell mo, then, of the number ot tho cattle and of their markings, Mopo, forgetting none.' So f sat and told him, ox by ox, cow hy cow, and heifer by heifer, forgetting none ; und ho listened silently us one who is asleep. But I know that he did «ot Bleep, for all the while the firelight flickered in his terrible eyes. Also I know that ho did but torment mc, or that, perhaps, thnt he would leurn of thc cattle heforo ho killed mo. At length all the tnlu was told, "j : ' So,' seid tho king, 'it goes well. There are yet ' honcBt mon loft ia the hind. Knowest thou, Mopo. that sorrow has como upon thy honso while thou wost nhout my busim ss V ' I have heard it, O king I' I answored, ns ono who speuliH nf a small matter. ' Yes,. Mopo; sorrow has como upon thy hou*e, tho ourse of flenvou has fallen upon thy Irraul. They tell me, Mopo, that the firo from above r.tn briskly through Uiy huts,' * I liavo henni it. O king.' .They tell mo, Hopo, that thole within thy gates grow mad at tho eight of tho firo, und dreaming theru was no escapo, they stabbed themselves with assegais or leaped into tho flames.' « 1 have hoard it, O king I Whnt of it ? Any river is deep enough to drown a fool 1' .Thou hast hc'nrd it, Mopo, but thou hast not yet hoard all.. Knowest turn, Mopo, that muong thato «ho died in thy kraal was_Bhe who bore mo, sho who was named Mother of the Heavens ?' Then, my father, I, Mopo, noted wisely, bcoause of the thought which my good spirit gave mo, for I cost mj'Hdif upon the ground, and wailed aloud aa though lu utter grief. . « Sparc my. ears, .lilnok One V I wailed. 1 Tell me not that Bho who bore theo is dead, O Lion of thu Zulu; .For tho othxrs, what in: it ? It is n, hrouth of wind, it IH a drop ot wator; but tbiB trouble 1« ns tho gnlo or ns thu sea.' 'Oeare. my servant,. eeat>e !'. enid the mocking voice of Chuna, . but. know this, thou hast dona well .. to grieve aloud bpcaute thu Mother of tho Heavens ib no moro, lind ill wouhli't thou have done to griovo . because tho Uro from ubnvo has kissed thy gates. For hml*t thou doue this Inst thing or loft the lirst undone, I should have known thnt thy heart W:IH wicked, and hy now thou .vnu'dst have wopt inderi!- tears, of blood, Mopo. It, is well for thee, then, that thou host rend my ried!» aright.' Kow I saw the gri-atncs« O£ the pit that Ch nit a had iliijr for me, and blispcd mv H/ilnxr, who lind put iuto my heart these words that I should answer. . I hoped also that Chaka would now let ' me go j but it was not to bo, for this was but tho \- -beginning of my trial, . Knowost thou, Mopo,' enid tho king, 1 that an my mother died yonder in tho flames of thy kraal, she ¿ried out strango and terrible words that carno '?"? to wy cars through the singing of tho firo. These wero her words : That thou, Mopo, and thy Bister lialcka, and thy wives, hnd conepited together to givo a ohild to mo who would bo ohildless. These wore her words, tho words that came to me through '' tho singing of the fire. Tell mo now, Mopo, i-'i whoso are those children that thou leddest from . ; tho.kraal, tba boy with the lion eyes who is named Umslopognas, and the girl who is named Nada ?' ' Umslopognns ia dead by tho lion's mouth, O king.1' I;_answcred, 'and Nada sits.in tho Swazi ?^oavea j" and I told him of tho death of Umslopo '- >fgaaä and how I had divorced Matiropka, my wife. » J;;''«Thé boy; with the lion nyes to tho Hon's month I' '¿'.add .Dhaka,' '.'.Enough of bim ; he ia.'gone.". Nada may yot be sought for with tho oBsegni in tho 'j* Swazi caves ; enough of her. Let us speak of this . . TODg that my mother-who, alas I bj dead, Mopo :"rl.this, BOOR she sang through the singing of tho ^.flames,' Toll me, Mopo, tell me now, wns it a true .tolo !'. . '. .. 'Nay, O king ¡ surely the Mother of tho Heavens was maddened by tho Heavens when »ho Bang thnt I .,. song,'I answered, i 'I know naught of it, O king.' >;-.'. Thon knowest naught of it, Mopo7*< said tb« i . Wnp, and again ho looked ot me terribly through <-athe »e«k of the fire. «Thou knowest nought of it .Mopo?.. Surely thou art n-eold ; thy hands shaki /;'iwlth»oold,"*Nsy,- man,-fear''not-warin -thom warm them, Mopo. See. now, plnngo that hand bi thine into the hf art nf the Hame?'and he polntcc -. with his little asnegnl, the aseegai handled with thi "'" foyal vrood, to whore the fire glowed reddest-ay . "he "pointed and,laughed. . . 1 'Then, my¿ father,-1 grew cold indeed-ay, I' grew cold who soon ehonld be hot, for I saw tho purpose of Chaka. He would put me to the trial '"ïorfa moment I sat nient, thinking. Then the king spoke again in a great voice : ' Nay, Mopo, be not so backward ¡ shall I sit warm and see thee suffer cold ? What, my councillors, rise, take the hand of Mopo, and hold it in the flame, that his heart may rejoice in the .warmth of the flame while we speak together of thia matter of tho child that was, so my mother pong; born to Baleka, my wife, the sister of Mopo, my servant.' ' Thore ia little need for that, O kine,' I answered, being made bold by fear, for I saw that it I did nothing death would swiftly end my doubts. Once, indeed, I bethought mo of the poison that I bore, and waa minded to swallow it and make an end, but the desire to live ia great, and keen is the thirst for vengeance, so I said to my heart : ' Not yet awhile : I will endure this also ; afterwards,"if need be, I candie.' ' I thank the king for his gracionsncas, and I will warm mo at tho fire. Speak on, 0 king, whilo 1 wnrm mo at the fire, and thon shalt hear true words,' I said boldly. Then, my father, I stretched out my left hand and plunged it into the fire-nob into the .hottest of the fire, but where the smoke lenpt from the flame. Now, my fleah waa wet with the aweat of fear, and for a little moment the flamea ourled round it and did not burn it. But I know that the torment was to come. For a short while Ohaka watched mo, smiling. Then he epoke slowly, that tho tire might And time to do its work. . , ' Say, then, Mopo, thou knowost nothing of this matter of the birth of a son to thy sister Boroka ?' 'I know this only, 0 king !' I answered, ' that a son waa born in post years to thy wife Baleka, that I killed tho child according to thy word, and laid ita body before thee,' Now, my father, the steam from my flesh had beon drawn from my hand by tho heat, and the flame got hold of me and ate into my fleah, and ita torment waa great. But ot this I showed no aign upon my faoo, for I knew well that if I showed aign or uttered cry, then, having failed in the trial, death would be my portion. Then the king epoke again : ' Dost thou swear by my head, Mopo, that no sou of mine was suckled in thy kraals V . I swear it, 0 king t I swear it by thy head,' I anBwored. 1 And now, my father, tho agony of tho fire WSB Buch aa moy not ba told. I felt my eyes Btart for ward in their sookets, my blood seemed to boll within mo, it rushed into my head, and down my faoe there ran two teara of blood. But yet I held my hand , in the fire and made no sign, while the king and his councillors' watohed mo onriou8ly Still, for a moment, Chaka said nothing, and thnt moment seemed to me na all tho yews of my life. ' Ah !' he said, at length,.' I eeo that thou grow est warm, Mopo I Withdraw.-thy hand from tho flame. I.am answered ; thou host passed the trial ; thy heart is clean j for had there been lies in it the fire had given them tongue, and thou hadBt oried aloud, making thy last; music, Mopo I' . Now I. took my hand from the flame, and for awhile the torment left me. 'ItiB well, O king I' I said calmly. 'Fire has no power of hurt on those whose heart is pure.1 But aa I spoke I looked at my left hand. It waa black,, my father-black aa a charred stiok, and the nails were gone from tho twisted fingers. Look at it now, my father ¡ you can see, though my eyeB are blind. The hand ia white, likeyourB-it is white and dead and shrivelled, These are tho marka of the; fire in Chaim's hut-tho fire thnt kissed me many, many yi nra ago ¡ I have had but little uso of that hand since that night of torment. But my right arm yet romained to me, my fathar, and, ah 1 I used it, \: 'It eeems that Nobela, the dootoresá, who is dead, lied when she prophesied evil on 'mo from thee, Mopo,' said Chaka again, 'It eeemR thnt thou art innooent of this offence, and t.but Balaka, tby sister, ia innocent, and that the song whioh the Mother of the Heavens Hang through the singing flamea was no true song. It ia well for thee, Mopo, for in mch a mattor my oath had not helped theo. But my mother is dead-dead iu the flamen with thy wives and children, Mopo, and in thia there is witohcraft. We will have a mourn- ing, Mopo, thou and I, Btioh a mourning aa hos not been seen in Zululand, for all tho people on tho earth shall wcop at it. And there shall bo a ' Binelling out' at this mourning, Mopo. But we will summon no witoh-dootorB, thou and I will be witch-doctors, and-ourselves ehull i-mcll out those who buvo brought these woe« upon us. What I shall my mother dio unavenged, hho who bore me and hos perished by witchcraft, and shall thy wives and ohildren die unavenged- thou being innooent? Go forth, Mopo, my faithful servant, whom I have honoured with tho warmth of my fire,' go forth !' and onoe agnin he Btared at me through the reek of the flame, and pointed with his assegai to the door of tho hut, ; CHAPTER XI.-Tim COUNSEL or BALKTCA. I BOSK. I praised tho king .with a loud voice, and I went from the Intimkiilu, tho house of the king I walked slowly through the gates, but when I W»B without the sates tho anguish, that came upon mo beoausH of my burnt hand waa more than I oonld boar. I ran to stud fro groaning till I came to tho hat of one whom I knew. There I found fat, and having pluDged my hand in tho fat, I wrapped it round with a Bkin nnd passed out ngain, for I might not stay still. I wont to and fro, till at length I came to the spot wbero my huts had bein. The ontcr fence of tho huts yet stood ¡ the firo had not caught it. I passed through tho fenoe ; there within were tho ashes of tho burnt huts-they lay ankle-deep. I walked in among the ashes ; my feet struok upon tbings that wero sh ar j). The moon was bright, and 1 lookod ; they were the blackened bones of ray wives nnd ohildren. I flung myself down in the nahes in bitterness of heart ; I covered myself over with the ashes of my kraal and with tho bones of my wife and ohildren,. Yes, my father, there I lay, and on me wora tho ashes, and among tho ashea were the bones. Thus, then, did I lay for the Inst time in my kraal, and was Bheltored from the frost of the night by the ashes of thone to whom I had given life. Such were the chinga that befoll.ua 'in tho daya of Ohuka,'my father ; yes, not to me alone, but to many another abu'. - , Hay among the oshea and groaned with the pain of my burn, and groaned, also from tho desolation of my heart, Why had I not .tasted of tho poison, thora, in. tho hut of Chaka, and before the. ey ea of Chaka 1 Why did I not taate it now and make an end 1 Nay. I had endared the agony ; I would not give him this last triumph over me. Now, having passed tha fire, once more 1 ehould ba great in tho land, and I would become great. Yea. I would bear my sorrows- and becomo great, that in a day to bo I might wreak vengeance on the king. Ab 1 my father, there, UM 1 laid among the ashes. I prayed to thc -dimilniiffa, to tho ghosts of my ancestors. I prayed to my Jihlon; to the Bpirit that watches mo -ny, I even dared to pray to tho Urnkulu, the great soul of tho world, who moves through tho world unseen and unheard. And thus I prayed that I might yet live to kill Chaka aa he had killed those who wore dear to mo. And whilo I prayed I Blopt, or, if I did not sleep, tho light of thought went out of me, and I became aa one dead. Aud while I lny thus there came a vision to me, a vision that waa sont in answer to my prayer, or, perhaps it was a madness born of my sorrows. For, my father, ic Beemed to mo that I stood upon the bank of a river (Treat nnd wide. It was gloomy there, the light lay low upon the face of the river, but far away on tbe farther side waa a glow Uko the glow of n stormy dawn, nnd in the glow I saw a mighty bed of reeda that swayed about in tho breath of the dawn, and out of the reeds carno men and women and children, by hundreds aud tens of hundreds, nnd plunged into the waters of tho river and were bulleted about hy. tho wntors. Now. my father, all tho people that I Baw ia thc water were black people, and all those who woro torn out of the reeds were blnck-there wore nono of thom white, Ukoyour people, my father, for this vision wan a vision ot the Zulu race, who alone aro 'torn out of thc reeds.' Now, I saw that of those who swam in tho river some passed over very quickly and sonia stood, as it wore, still in the water -ns in life, my fathor, some die soon and some live for many years. And I paw the countless focea of those in the water, among thom wore ninny that I knew. ' There, my father, I anw tho fnoo of Ohaka, and near him waa my own face ¡. there, tuo, I Baw tbo Ince of Dlngn.an.the prince, his brother, and tho face of the boy Omslop gnaa and the faoe of Nada, my daughter, and then it wu3 for the' firat time that I know that XTinslopogaas was not dead, but' only lost. Now, I turned in my vision,' and looked at that bank af.the river on which I stood. Then I nw. that behind the bank was a cliff, mighty and blnok,' . and tn the cliff were doors of ivory,' and ' through the_ doora oanie light and the sound of laughter ; othor doorn 'thorn were also,'"blnok as though fashioned of co.il, and through them caine darkness nnd the rounds of groans. I saw this also, that in front of the doora waa, eat a seat, and, on the seat wita'.the;figure of a woman glorious"trisee." She' wa« tc", and shenlonë was white, and olod iu robes' , of white,'and her, hair; was Jika, goldi which .was molten in the fire, and her face Bbone like the mid-' day sun.-; Then I saw that thoBe who oame np out of the river «toed before the woman, the water yet running from them, and oried alond to her. \- ' Hail, Inkomzana-y-Zulu ! Hail, Queen of the Heaven» !' > Now, the fignre of the glorious woman held a rod in either hand, and the rod in her right hand waa whito and of ivory, and the rod in her left hand woe black and of ebony. And as thoso who came up before her throne greeted her, so she pointed now with the wand of ivory in her right hand, and now with the wand ot ebony in her left band. And with the wan;1 of ivory she pointed to the gates of ivory, through which aame light'and laughter ; and with the wand of ebony she pointed to the gates of coal, through which came blackness and groans. And as she pointed, so those who greeted her turned, and went some through the gates of light and some through the gates of black, ness. Presently, as I stood, there came up a handful of people from the bank of the river, I looked on them and. knew them. There was TJnandi, the mother of Chaka, there was Anudi, my wife, and Moosn, my son, and all my other wives and child- ren, and chose who had perished with them. \- They stood before the figure of the woman, the Princess of the Heavens, to whom the Umknlukulu has given ic to watch over the people of the Zulu, and cried aloud, ' Hail, lnhoi«zana'y~ZnH! Hoil I' Then she, the Inkosazana, pointed with a rod of ivory to the gates of ivory ; but still they stood before her, not moving. Now. the woman spoke for the first time, in a low voice that was fad and awful to hear ' Poss in, children of my people, pass in to the judgment. Why tarry ye 1 Pass in through tho gates of light.' But still they tarried, and in my vision TJnandi spoko: 'We tarry, Queen of tho Heavens-we tarry ta pray for justice on bim who murdered us. 1, who on earth was named Mother of the Heavens, on behalf of all this company, pray to thee, Queen of the Heavens, for justice on him who murdered us.' ' How is he named?' asked tho voice that was low and awful. . 'Chakn, king of the Zulus,' answered the voice of TJnandi. ' Chaka, my son.' ' Many have come to ask for vengeance on that head,' said the voice ot the Queen of the Heavens, 4 and many more shall come. Fear not, TJnandi, it shall fall. Fear not, Anadi and ye wives ond children of Mopo, it sholl fall, I say. With the spear that pierced thy breaBt, TJnandi, shall the breast of Chaka be also pierced, and, ye wives and ohildren of Mopo, the hand that pieroes Bhall be the hand of Mopo. As I guide him, so shall he go. Ay, I will teaob him to wreak my vongeance on the earth. But say, ye slaughtered of Chaka, what shall that vengeance be to the vengeance that I shall work here in my own place Î PUBS in, child- ren of my people-pass in to the judgment, for the doom of Chaka is written,' Thus I dreamed, my father. Ay, this was the vision that waa sent my as I lay in pain and misery among the bones of my dead, and in the ashes ot my kraal. Thus it was given me to see the Inko enzana ot tho Heavens as she is in her own plaoe. Twice more I saw her, as you shall bear, but that was on tho earth »nd with my waking eyes. . Yea, thrioe has it been given to me in all to look upon that face that I shall now see no more till I am dead, for no man may look four times on the Inkosazana and live. Or am I mad, my father, and did -1 weave these visions from the woof of my madness ? I do not know, hat it ia true that I seemed to see them. I woke when tho sky was grey with the morning light ; lt was the pain of my burnt hand that woke me from my sleep or from my stupor. I rose slinking the ashes from me, and went with- out the krual to wash myeelf from thu defilement. Then I returned, and eat without the gatos of the Empine»I, waiting till the king's women, whom he' named his sisters, should come to draw water according to their custom. Atlast they came, and, sitting with my kaross thrown ovor my face to hide it, I looked for the passing of Balaka, Presently I saw her : she wus sad-faced, and walked slowly, her pitcher on her head. I whispered her name, and she drew nude behind on aloa bnsh, and mak- ing pretence that her foot was pierced with a thorn, she lingered till the other women wore gone by. Then she came up to me, and we greeted one another, gazing heavily into eaoh other's oyeB. . In an ill day did I hearken to you, Bnleka,' I said, 'to you and to the Mother of the Heavens, and save your ohild alive. Bea now what has sprung from this seed 1 Dead are all my house, dead is the Mother of the HeavenB-all are dead and I myeolf have bien put to the torment by fire,' and I held out my withered hand towards her. ' Ay, Mopo, my brother,' she answered, ' but flesh is nearest to flesh, and I should think little of it wore not my son Umslopognas also dead, as I have heard but now. ' ' You speak ns a woman, Baleka. Is it, then, nothing to you that I, your brother, have ' lost-all I love '/' 'Fresh seed oan yet be raised up to you, my brother, but for me there is no hope, for tho king looks on me no more. I grieve for you, but I bad this one alone, ned flesh is nearest to flesh. Think you that I shall escape 7 I tell you nay. I am but spared for a little, then I go where the others havo gone. Chaka has marked me for the grave ; for a little while I. may be left, then I go ; he does bnt play with me as a leopard plays with a wounded duck. I care noe, I om weary, but I grieve for the boy. ; there was no euch boy in the land. Would that I might die swiftly and go to seek him.' 'And if the boy ÍB not dead, Baleka, what then?' ' What is thut you Bald 1' elie answered, turning on me with wild eyes. ' Ob, eny it again-again, Mopo I I would gladly die'a hundred deaths to know that Umelopognn* yet lives,' ' Nay, Baleka, I know nothing. But last night I dreamod n droom,' and I told her all my dream, and abo of time which had gone before thc dream, She listened as one listens to the words of u king when he pns?es judgment for life or for doath. II think there is wisdom in your dreams, Mopo,1' she said at length. ' You were evor a strange man, to whom tho'gatcs of distance aro no bar. Now it is borne in upon my heart that Umslopogaas still Hve9, and now I shall die happy, Yee. gainsay me not ; I shall die, I know it. 1 read lt in the king's eyes. But what is it ? It is nothing, if only the prince Umslopogaas yet lives.' j ' Your love ia groat woman,' I enid ¡ ' and thia love of yours hus brought great woes upon us, and. it may well happen that in the end it shall all be for nothing, for-there ia an evil fate upon us. Soy now, what shiill I do ?. Shall I fly, or shall I abide here, taking tho ohance of things ?' ' You must abide here, Mopo. See, now I This is in the king's mind. He fenra because of . the death of his mother at his owu band-yet-, even he; he fears lest tho people should turn upon him who killed his own mother. Therefore, he will do this : he will give it out that he did not kill her, but that she perished ia the firo which was called down .upon your kraals by witchcraft ; and, thonifh all men know the lie, yet none shall dare to gainsay him. As he said to you, thoo will be a smelling out, but a smelling our, of a now Kort, for he and you shall be the witoh-finders. and nt that smelling out he will give to death all those whom he fears, all those whom he knowB hate him for his wicked- ness and because with his own hand he Blew his tool her. For this cause, then, he will »ave you alive, Mopo-yes, and make yon to bo great in che land, for if, indeod'hismotberUnaiidt died through witchcraft, ns he shall say, are yon not also wrouged with him,' und did not your wives and ohildren also perish by witchcraft ? Therefore, do not fly ; abide hero and become grent-become great to the great eud of vengeance, Mopo, my brother. You have much wromr to wreak ; soon you will have more, for 1, too, shall be gone, and my blood also shall ory for vtngeance to you. Hearken, Mopo. Are there not other princes in the land I What of Dlngaan, what of Umhlnngana, what of Umpandn, brothers to the kiug ? Do noe these also desire to bo kings 1 Do they not day by duy riso from their sleep feeling their limbs to know if they yet live ? Do they mt night by night lie down to sleep not knowing if ic shall bo their wives that they Bhall kiss ero dawn or the red assegai of tho king? Draw near to them, my brother ; creep into their hearts and learn their counsel, or tench them you» ; so in the end shall Chaka be brought lo that gate through which your wives have pasted, and where olso I am about to tread.' Thus Baleka spoke and she was gone, leaving me pondering, for her words wore heavy with wisdom. I knew well that the brothers of tho king went heavily and in fear of deatb.'for his shadow WOB ever on them. _ With Panda, indeed, little oonld bo done, for he lived softly, speaking always as one whose wits are few. But Dinpnau and Umhlan gaim were of another wood, and from them might well be fashioned a kerrie that should scatter the brains, pf Chaka to, tho, birds. , But the time to Bpoak.was not now ; hot yet. was the cop of Chaka full. " " ' ". . ' . -Then, having finished-my thought, I rose, and, going co the ¡kraal of my friend, 1° doctored."my burnt hand; that pained me, and a« I was doctoring, ic chbTo oamo a messenger to me summoning me before.the king. , . . " ; I went in before tho king, and prostrated myself,*' 'calling him by hia royal names : but he took, me by' the hand and raised me up', èpeaking softly." ''' ? i*- "Bisej-Mopo,' my servant I- he' said,'.' Thou,hast' I Buffered'much woe because* of'the witchcraft of thine enemies. I, I have lost my mother. Hurl thou thou host lost thy wives and ohildren. ¿ Weep, my counsellors, weep, beoanse I have lost my mother, and Mopo, my servant, has lost his wives aud ohildren, by the witchcraft of our foes.' Then all the counsellors wept aloud, while Ohaka glared at them. ' Hearken. Mópó,' said tho king, when the weep- ing was done. - 'None can give me back my mother ; but I can give thee moro wives, and thou shalt find uhildron. On in among the damsels who are reserved to the king, and ohouso thee six ; go in among the cattle of the king, and choose thee ten times ten of the best ; oall upon the servants of the king that they build up thy kraal greater and fairer than it was before. Theeo things I give thea freely ; but thon shalt have mure, Mopo-yea 1 thou shalt have, vongcance I On the first day of the new moon I summon a great meetlnç;, a bandida of all the Zulu people : yes, thine own tribe, the Langeni. shall be there »ko. Tben we will mourn together over our woes ; then, too, will we learn who brought thetio wois upon us. Go, now, Mopo, go ! And go ye also, my counsellors, leaving me .to weep alone because my mother is dead.' Thus, then, my father, did the words of Baleka come true, and thus, beoanse of the oruf ly polio/ ot Ohaka, I grew greater in the land than I had betn before. I ohose tho oattle, they were fat ; I obese the wives, they were fair ; bnt I look no pleasure in them, nor were any'mora ohildren born to me. For my heart was lilte a withered stick ; the sup and strength had gnno out of my heart-it was drawn out in the fire of Cbaka's hut, and lost in my sorrow for those whom I had loved. To 1m continuai in Saturday's issue. 