TWICE LOST. A (TALE OF LOVE AND FORTUNE. BY RICHARD DOWLING. CHAPTER XIII.-" FOR EVER," SUE RE- PKATtiD, AND KlSSED IIIS LlPS. North. Furlmm, where John Crime lived, is but sparsely covered with houses compared with the opposite hank of the river. There, oxcept at odd points, London begins to strajrirlo into the onen country. to become undisguised Essex. Tho country inland is infinitely uninterest ing and dreary. It consists of a series of levels, fiats, and marshes, little or nothing above high water mark. Hero stretch lines | of docks, but the river is no longer inar- gined with wharves and quays, and the j shores of the Thames have a lonely, purpose i less, forgotten air, save when the tide brings ships up out of the deep and barges from the Med way. or when it swoops them downward i from under the sullen bank of blue smoke where prodigious London lies in the west. 'With the exception of the North luuimm Docks and the roads leading to them, Wutur- lanc, the approach to the great Furham Steam Ferry, is the oidy street or road which sustains an air of active trallic and pushing life. The proximity of Water-lane to tho great docks, and the fact that it forms the High way to the southern side of the river, had decided John Crane on making it the scene of his business experiment. Houses here were cheap, and at the back of the one he took at little more than the rent of a work man's cottage stood his workshop. His scheme did not require an imposing front in an expensive thoroughfare. He wanted space and cheapness, not show. 44 1 am rather a manufacturer and whole sale repairer than a retailer of ready made goods,' he had said to himself when entering the little house in Watcr-lanc and putting up his sign, a sextant rampant on a sun dial. In tho evening of the day John Crane spoke about Edith to her mother, and told the old woman the news of his uncle's death, he had more matter for thought and reflec tion than in all his previous years. Within the past couple of days his life had been thrown into the scales, and there was vet no telling how it would weigh out. Ho had received this disturbing news from America, and he had resolved to ask Edith Orr if she would be bis wife. Ho did not know up to this moment any thing more about ali'aira in America than that Arthur Stebbing, his uncle, was dead, and that in Vera Pax he was supposed to be bis uncle's heir. He had gathered from his unclo's letters to him that tho property would be considerable. He hud uo reason in the world to think that Edith Orr leant more in favor towards him than towards any man who went by her door. He had simply determined to marry her, not out of a desire to secure her beauty so much as that he might pass his life in paying homage to the exquisite spirit of womanhood enshrined in her exquisite form. 44 1 am a tiro-worshipper." he had thought. 1 worship cqu s divine lire m Renin Urr. From the time he began to grow used, in distant observation, to the ways of Editli Orr, and conversant with her mind, he had con ceived a feeling of worship for her. His wor ship rose not for her body; whose beauty was extraordinary. Ho had a feeling of shyness of this physical loveliness. When he thought of her face and figure, her hair, her mien, they became intoxicatingly dear to the exclusion of feelings he valued, most and cherished best. He bad said to himself, as lie looked into the regions of the setting sun from the deck of the Furham steam ferry, 44 The beautiful spirit of this girl is the heart of me. I would give all the world that she might know she is my heart ; for if she could know she is my heart as I know it, the knowledge would make her life full nud satisfied, as sunset is full and satisfied with light." Crane was not technically speaking a poet. He had never in all his life even dreamed of writing verses. Ho esteemed himself a highly practical young man. llut although no technical poet, there were in hint thoughts above the grossnesscs of earth. He was a poet now aiul then, as moat men are, and as all men, who are ijot brutes in the guise of men, must be when they love, if their love is ! true love, such as comes to all men once in life. This news from Vera Pax had reached him as a surprise. His uncle, Arthur Stebbing, was known to him only byname and through the cold intermcdiacy of correspondence. John Crane had uo memory of family legends or stories of his uncle. Indeed, until a few years ago, he did not know whether his uncle were dead or alive. Now word came that the old man had died, leaving John Crane heir to all he died worth. 44He must have left a few thousands, at all events, and hundreds would be of the greatest service to me," thought the young man. 44 If I had five hundred now iu hand I might manufacture some special article in a small way to begin with, and creep on by "degrees. In any case, with tho help of two hundred and fifty I could make the future Bure, and I can count on two-fifty at the very least from Vera Pax. There is no risk in calculating on the two-fifty I want, though it might bo risky to reckon on ten times as much, and ten times two-fifty would, I dare say, be a moderate estimate of what is coming tome. With two-fifty I'd start that improvement of mine in the binocular microscope, and out of that alone I ought to earn enough to live on. So I see uo reason why I should not speak about Edith at once, and make sure, before anyone else comes along to confuse matters with an oiler of marriage. Some one else fnarry Edith ? Nonsense ! No one else could marry her. for she is my heart, and I will marry nor as certainly as I live." He was confident of reaching the "goal be fore moving an inch towards it. He did not experience any new doubts or misgivings when ho saw that handsome stranger, Fan- court, who had taken Mrs. Orr's rooms. The idea of a rival never once crossed his mind. It had been in his thoughts that he might wait till too late. Long before this it hud occurred to him that if lie hung back an un reasonable time some ono else might sneak oT marriage to Edith, and there might be a bad blunder ; that she, not knowing she was his heart, might enter into some pre posterous engagement with some other man. Now that he had resolved to speak to her at once, there could be no fear ot being.second in the race, lie was confident, without a traco of conceit. It would havo amused him bevond measure it anvone had said his theorv of love or his hopo of winning Edith Orr was the result of conceit. lie would have answered — 44 Conceited ! Why, either you don't know tho meaning of the word, or you do not know how I feel. I'm not thinking of myself at all. I am thinking of her—or more ex actly, I uiu thinking of her who is herself and all of me as well. Novel and interesting as tho new position of John Crane's affairs was, he aid not allow it to occupy him to the exclusion of business. When he was absent from Water- lane on his rounds in North Furham, or across the river in Muscovy Place, his fore man, Ben Shcrwin, took charge of tlie depot, as Ben was pleased to call thu shop. With Ben Shcrwin, Crane hud a few things to arrange on his return that day. Then Sherwin retired into tho workshop at the back of tho house, and Crane sat down at his bench to occupy himself with the intricacies of a musical-box, whose English airs, Ben Shcrwin said, had not been im proved by tho winds of tho tropics. In Crane's occupation designing took thought ; but once the designing was clone and tho tools set going a great deal of the work was purely mechanical. At a glance tho young wutehmakor saw what was amiss with tho inusioai-box, had resolved how tho repair Bhould be effected, and from that out his mind was freo to engage itself on other matters. Naturally it wcut back to Muscovy-place, and while ho brushed and sawed and drilled and filed ho came to the conclusion that it would be a very dangerous thing for these two women to lake into their house a lodger who had not tendered tho moat excellent references. As he brushed and filed and drilled and polished it became perfectly clear to him that a lodger of any kind was unde sirable in a watchmaker's where there wu3 no man, and that Muscovy-place could not safely house a lodger who was not well- known to Mrs. Orr, or to some one on whom Mrs. Orr could pluco implicit reliance, and wlio would guarantee the complete respecta bility of the guest. When ho came to this conclusion ho threw down his tools, took up a pen and wrote to Mrs. Orr without more ado, and sent his 'ettcr across the river by hand for the sake if expedition. As soon as the letter was despatched he returned to his work at tho bench with a feeling of having put something right. He was just sitting down to his tea in tho little parlor behind tho shop when a letter that had come by a carter crossing the ferry Was pub into his hand. 14 Oh," he thought, 44 an answer from Mrs. Orr. I do hopo the references were unex ceptionable." Ho had no acquaintance with the handwriting of mother or daughter. lie tore the envelope open, glanced at tho writing, and fixed his eyes on the signature. 44 It's from Edith," lie thought, gravely. 44 1 ; wonder why she writes. 1 hope her mother j is not ill." Not for an instant did it strike ! liim the letter could havo had anything to do : with what he had been saying to Mrs. Orr. j Ho did not think tho message had any j reference to the acceptance or refusal of his j oiler. Ho had no vanity whatever. He did not fancy that all tho world was thinking of - his afiairs. I "Something about this lodger, Fancourt," » ho thought. 44 I wonder why Mrs. Orr her self did nob write. But women of that ago are often lazy with tho pen." "Dear Mr. Crane, — Sly mother is much obliged to you for your letter, and regrets to say that she had no reference at nil from Mr. Fancourt. She is quite of your mind, and would like very much to seo you this ovon- ing, if you could manage to come over to Muscovy-place. Yours sincerely, — Edith Oku." This letter was the ilattcst common-place : that is, tho perfection of what it should be. Crano pub it back again into its enve lope, and thrust it into his pocket with as much composure as though it were a trade circular. _ It was a most efficient business communication from ono who had a mind of great clearness and force. He did not think of kissing it. He had hardly yet thought of kissing tho writer. Tho notion of kissing tho writer had, in a dim way, come into his mind, but not as a matter of great desirableness or importance. When ho thought of Edith much, lie thought rather of all her life than of her kisses. ICisaos seemed an interruption to tho homage ho paid her in his heart. He took up his hat and set off to Mnscovy- placo. Darkness had fallen and the gas was alight when he pushed open the glass cloor of the willow's shop. 44 Oh, Mr. Crane," said Mrs. Orr, 44 1 am so. glad to see you. It is pood of you to come. We are in the greatest difficulty about this new lodger. My daughter wroto to you and she will explain everything to you. I would not like any of the neighbors to hear of tho matter, and it will not be pleasant to be interrupted. The gas is lighted in the parlor. If you go in there, Edie can tell you all about it. Mrs. Orr's notion was that two birds might bo killed with one stone. If Crane thought well of it he could speak to Edie now. The daughter looked at her mother in per plexity. She did nob know anything of the talk about herself which had passed between Crane and her mother. However, she saw no objection to tho suggested retirement into the parlor. Of late most of tho little affairs of the business and house had been delegated to her by Mrs. Orr. 44 Very well," said she, with a smile. 44 Come in, Air. Crane." When they wore in the parlor, a small, square, sparely furnished room, lit by a single gas jet in a white globe, tho girl motioned Crane to one of the four rigid, uncomfortable, mahogany hair-seated chairs, and took another herself. Around her seemed to shine a light, a warmth of radiance peculiar to herself. She appeared not to take light of the place, but to shed a rich and delicate glow around her. Crano stood bosidc her a moment, touched her hair softly with his hand, and' saying 44 God bless yon !" sat down on tho chair she lmd pointed out for him. She looked at him gravely and saw there was no levity in his eyes, but tears instead. Up to the moment her mother had suggested that they should go into this room she had been full of concern about the lodger to the exclusion of all other matters. Her mother's suggestion that they should come in hero had stopped tho current of her mind towards Fancourt, but had set no other stream moving. John Crane's action and words stirred her soul 111 a way never bofore experi enced. In his voice there was a tone of pity; in his eyes a look of infinite sorrow; iu the light touch of his fingers on her hair a strange, mysterious assertion of right and authority. All that had ever been in her mind up to that moment seemed to leave her suddenly, and for ever. 44 What is it?" she said. 44 1 — I did not understand." 44 Nor I." he said, sadly ; 44 1 do not under stand either. But I know I am safe with you." 14 Safe wi tli me about what?" she asked, knitting her brows in laboring perplexity. 44 Safe with you against misunderstand- ing." 44 Oh, yes. I could not misunderstand you. I might not be able to understand you, but I do not think I could misunderstand you to your disadvantage." She did not know to what this talk had reference, but she had a sense it reached to something solemn and profound. 44 Your looks and your words tell me I am right in all I thought of you. Would you ' take my word for a matter of grave weight and importance ?" 44 1 should take your word, Mr. Crane, for anything you told me." She was trembling now. and hardly able to control her speech, but her eyes rested steadily and confidently upon him. 44 What I have to tell you has such a vital meaning that I hardly clare to speak." He, too, was trembling now. 44 Do you think I may speak ?" She bowed her head in assent. 44 1 think, Miss Orr, that in time you might come to love me." She dropped her eyes and whispered in a broken voice, 14 1 — I have not thought of it." 44 1 know you have not. Since first I saw you, Miss Orr, I thought of this. I asked myself if I believed you could come to love me, and I have arrived at the conclusion that you could. I know you could, or I should not have spoken now ; it would seem presumptuous of me to say to you that I love you. But I should die without saying it if I did not think you could love me. You are my heart; I have no heart but you. Will you come to me V" 44 1 feel so dull just now," she said, her oyes on the ground, 44 1 cannot think ; I can hardly speak." 44 Do not distress yourself. Do not try to tell mo yet. Another time will do." 44 1 wish to say," she said, raising her eyes to his, 44 that you havo spoken to me as a nuiu should speak to me." 44 You see you uro my heart, and I know you well," said he. 44 And to speak to me as you have spoken is a great deal to me." 44 You arc my heart, bo I must know you." 44 You have paid me no compliment, and that is the highest compliment of all." 41 You are my heart ; how could I go wrong, Edith ?" 44 \ou knew mo when I did not know my- scl f." 44 You are my heart, and I know you, Edith." 14 Theu take my heart, if you will." She rose and held out both hands to him. Ho rose and took her hands, and stooped to kiss them. She drew her hands away. 44 Not that," she said. 44 Not that, I am yours." He clasped her in his arms, and kissed her foreheud. 44 For ever." 44 For ever," ho repeated, and kissed his lips. CHAPTER XIV.— Tnc Deserted Hotel. In that vast hall Frank Jeatcrs stood ap palled. He had shown Pollio this fatal trap, and he had left that trap open. He knew the terror she had of water, of the Thames in particular, and he had concocted that shocking story of finding the young woman's body in the river, of dragging the body of the dead woman up the shoot and laying it down on the pavement of this hall within a few feet of the door behind which his wife slept. His mind was in possession of all these facts, but they were not present to his imagination, lie did not sec any of the scenes, and he did not hear any of the words or voices of those transactions ; still they were all present vaguely in his memory, with tho awful vagueness of threaten ing figures beheld in a half-light ; menacing voices of onslaught caught through the con fusion of a tumult. There could be no doubt Pollio was gone. Tho echoes of the empty palace had given back that news to his straining ears. Gone, anil, gone by that awful wav in tho tessel lated floor ! Gone, and gone by the river, of which she stood in such cruel dread! Poor Pollie ! What should he do ? Sound an alarm and wako the neighbor hood ? That would not do any good or— much harm. Could it do any harm? Could it do any harm to him> Could any thing do harm now ? That was a question of great gravity, of vital importance. Ho must think the wuole matter out. Ho eutcrcd the little sittingroom, struck a light, and lit the lamp. With apprehension which ho sought to smother, ho glanced hastily around. Here was no indication that matters had gone wrong. Everything was just as he had loft it, or as he might expect to find- it— every thing oxcept ono thing— except her pro- scneu ! But did ho expect to find licr prescnco here? He shuddered. Already the place was assuming a haunted air. He, Frank J eaters, trembling at tho mere thought of a ghost ! Ho, who had always laughed at the supernatural as an old woman's tale ! He, Frank Jeaters, a believor in phantoms from tho grave ! Yes, but till now there could havo been no ghost at which he might not laugh. If ho saw a ghost now of what would it be tho ghost? If he saw anything now could he laugh at it? If lie saw anything now ! What rubbish ! When he looked around he saw everything there was to be seen, everything which could bo in this room. What an idiot to allow his | nerves to give way! They would not give \ way now only for that accursed narcotic last night. Why had he been such a fool as to swallow it? Well, of course, lie bail taken it so that he might sleep. Sleep! So that lie might sleep levt night. If he could not sleep last night without a draught, how was he to sleep thin night? Last night ho was afraid his scheme might succeed — to-night he knew it had succeeded. Oh, thinking— any kiiul of thinking— would ( not do at all. There stood in the way hor- i riido material difficulties ami dangers of 1 which he had not thought before. > | They did not know at the office that ho was married. Ho had told Pol— told her that he had mentioned her to Hilliers, that he had spoken to Hilliers about his wife. That statement was an invention. He had never disclosed his marriage to the secretary of the St. Vincent Company. When a man was once settled in a career it might be ad vantageous that people knew be was married, but when a man was seeking employment, trying to find an outlet for Ins energies and abilities, a bachelor had tho better chance. But pooh ! pooh ! what was the meaning of his wasting time in thus laying down gener alities about life when his own safety called for the exercise of every faculty hepossessed. Let him try to think, and let him try to keep liis mind centered on a matter of para mount importance— his own position in this distracting situation. Ho had nob told Hilliers lie was married, and ho had enjoined it on Pollie that sho told no ono in Hoxtnn where they were going to live, and Pollie had, as far as he knew, no relative in England, no relative at all but an old uncle in some savage out- of-the-way part of America. Therefore, no inquiries were likely to follow tho disap pearance of his wife. If the river gave up its dead there would be no means of identifi cation, and the dead of the river would never be laid at bis door. Ho should instantly resign his care of this place, leavo Vcrdon — go to that other place, to Furham, whore he had secured a shelter. For a while he paused in his thoughts. Then, as if struck by an arrow, sprang to liis feet with a cry. Merciful heavens ! What an idiot he was to fancy tho dead beyond recognition! Why, the nightgown wa9 marked with her name! Marked M. Jeaters!" The unfortunate woman had been so proud to marry him that sho had got all her clothes marked with the surname in full, and here was he taking for granted the impossibilityof identifying what the river should restore. What was to be done in face of this appal ling Recollection 1 He could not tell. He did not know. When he had a day or two ago thought of such an occurrence as the empty rooms indi cated, he provided in his mind for a night gown withoht any mark. Now this extreme occurrence had taken place, and the night gown was marked 44 M. Jeaters." What an unfortunato man he was ! Could any man be more desperately unfortunate than he? But stay, lie had not examined the sleep ing-room closely. Ho had, in fact, no more than looked in and ascertained that no ono was there. He must at once see how matters stood there. . He rose, and taking the lamp, left the parlor. It was pitch dark in the great hall of the building. Holding the light above his head he glanced at the opposite side. The trap of trie shoot stood up out of the floor like something risen from the earth— risen from the grave in witness against him. He entered the sleeping room. Once more holding tho lamp above his head he looked round. With a start he approached the bed and stood staring at it out of fixed distended eyes. If. the body of his murdered wife lay there he could not exhibit more Bigns of horror. He lowered his raised hand. It shook so violently he had to steady it with the other. To the ordinary eye nothing could be more commonplace or reassuring than the appearance of that bed. It was made iu the usual way ; the clothes were turned back, and on the turned down strip of sheet lay folded a couple of nightgowns— his own and hers ! What could this mean? With a feeble idiotic stare be looked round once more. This time his eye caught a sheet of paper fixed inside the frame of the mirror on the dressing-table. There was writing on that paper. He could sec so much. With a groan he sank sitting on the bed. What could the smooth bed mean ? The lonely woman had not dared to lie down. And yet she was not here ! Whither had she gone? Where was she now? What could the writing on that paper mean ? She could not bear the house longer, and she had left it. Left, how? Left it, for where ? He could answer either of these questions by walking to the table and reading that paper. But he must wait awhile. Partly owing to surprise and partly to this new fear lie could hardly walk, and could not at the moment face another shock. That infernal drug had destroyed his nerves. He could not hold the lamp steadily even with both hands. The chimney rattled horribly against the globe. All the room seemed trembling with terror. He put the lamp down on the counterpane beside him, and rested his elbow on the foot- rail, and his head on his hand. Pollie had not walked into the open shoot while in a somnambulistic trauce. And there wore but two ways of exit: either by the side into St. Vinceut-place, or by the front into — the river. He had told her she was not to show her self at the back or side, and he could count on her obedience, unless she had made up her mind to leave him for ever— a thing not to he thought of. There was, therefore, no explanation of it but that she, driven crazy by his absence and her horror of the place, had flung herself into the river from the balcony of the little quay below, or down the luggage slide. If the second solution turned out true (and there seemed no possibility of the other being right), and if the paper on the looking- glass over there was such as he could produce, all would be well, or at least safe. He might receive a reprimand for leaving an invalid wife so much to herself ; but that would bo all, and no one at Furham would be able to identify Edward Fancourt, the bachelor lodger of Muscovy-place, with Frank Jeaters, married clerk-in- churgc of the St. Vincent's Hotel, St. Vincent's-nlace, Verdon. Jeaters rose from tne bed, and with hands which had regained steadiness from these reflections, took the lamp and approached the table. Here, beyond all doubt, lay in this brief communication, deliverance complete and final. If it said: 44 The loneliness of tho place overcame me, and I rushed to my greatest terror, the Thames." It would be terrible, but lie would bo freo without much blame, and with no risk. He reached tho dressing-table and put down tho lamp. He paused a moment to prolong the anticipation of deliverance now at hand. Tho light did not fall on the paper so that ho could read it as lie stood. In lingers still unsteady ho took the paper from tKe glass, and turned it so that the light fell full upon it. Without a word, without a sign, it dropped from his hand, and fluttered to the around. Under his dark skin his face grew pallid. He put his hand on tho tablo to keep himself from falling. He stood motionless, mute, breathless, like one struck with suddeu death. He thought ho had prepared himself for all things which could happen, but he had not prepared himself for this. (To be continued.) 