PURSUED BY THE DEAD! A Christmas Eve Ad venture. " Let me tell you an adventure I had one ‘Christmas Eve. It was in the early days, and it.happened on what was at that time a lonely road between McFarlane’s Hotel and Black Creek. “I was going to see a customer who lived about ten miles from the railroad,” he said, “and as I reached the station about 9 o’clock in the evening and it was a half moonlight night, I concluded I’d drive over at once and get back in time for the train at 10 o’clock next morning. The. road was fairly good, though it was a lone some one, and I felt pretty sore. 1 could drive it in three hours, carrying a heavy tiuok. I got away by 10 o’clock with a pair of horsfes, doing my own driving, and for the first five miles nothing occurred. In fact, everything was going so smoothly that I began to doze. After a while I was suddenly awakened by the noise of wheels just behind me, and looking back I was almost frightened by a horse’s nose nearly over my shoulder. He, was hitched to a buggy in which sat a man and a woman. “' Look out, there,’ I yelled, and whipped up my own team. “ Their horse fell back. but.they_made no reply and I drove on and nodded again, only to be awakened as before. “Then I became angry and said a num ber of .things to. which 1 received no answer. Indeed, neither man' nor woman'so much as looked up at me, but kept their faces down, and did not even pull up their lines. The horse fell back, though, and followed twenty feet or morebehindme. The moon was beclouded at this time and I could not see very distinctly, but I did not nod any morej for I wa3 not exactly satisfied with my company. . I called to them several times, but they remained Bilent. . They kept right along behind me, though, for three miles, and at one or two places l. took little side roads I knew of, which led back again to the main road, and the others did the same. Once or twice on long stretches I touched up my horgte, but the horse be hind me followed at the same speed. The longer this thing kept up the more ner vous 1 - became,, and once or twice T thought I must be having a nightmare. The last mile .of the road was good, and I concluded rather than to have a row with these-midnight intruders Iwouldrun away from them, and as I turned into the home stretch I let my team go at its best, and I went along at a four-minute gait,but right behind me came the other horse, trotting smoothly and whinnying every now and then. .Somehow I felt the cold chills down my back, and a panic seized me. I didn’t know why. I laid the whip on and my team broke into a dead run, evidently feel I ing my own fright and showing the signs ! of fear they say animals show in the pre sence of ghosts. “ But running was of little avail The other horse was much better than mine and he came after me with his nose nearly in my buggy, and the two people never making a move to pull him up. With a yell at last I dashed up to the store of my customer, who hadn’t gone to bed yet, and' he came out with three or four men on the rush, and I almost fell out of the vehicle as he asked what was the matter. There/1 screamed, * there, there/ and I pointed back to where I had- seen my ghostly visitants, but they had disappeared. “ * He’s got the jim-jams/ loudly sug gested one of the men, and I thought pos sibly I had; but I rubbed my eyes and looked around, and fifty yards down the road I saw the thing thathad followed me. It had e vidently passed me when I pulled into the store so suddenly, and I told the men to go after it. They did so, and in a minute they came back with yells that beat " ‘ Jim-jams, is it P* I asked scornfully. “.'No;.dead people/ replied one'with’ his teeth chattering. “ It was so, too, 1 found out when we had got a'drink, and braced up. , enough to go after it again. They had been'strangled for pure malice evidently, and had been tied in their buggy and sent adrift. The I horse being a strange one in that locality, I had been simply following my team by in stinct, and was probably as badly frigh tened as I was and didn’t know half as well where to go. “ Hothing was ever definitely known sis to the identity of the pair in toe buggy, hut some years after, a Criminal, dying in the gaol hospital here, gave a rambling account of an occurrence where a.Couple had been murdered for gain, and sent adrift in their vehicle to avoid any due to the location of the crime. But toe matter was never fully settled.’’ ' "I dboppm> into a hatter’s last week to have my hat ironed,” says a. writer- in a contemporary, “A gentleman having pur chased a Edik hat, one of the shopmen had taken it to the inner room tohaveit shaped toi his head.- While he stood barehehded awaiting his ‘ tOe/ another gentleman en tered, and, mistaking him for one of the assistants, said, as he handed , him his hat, which was an old one,‘Want to hare it ironed.’ The- gentleman accepted toe situation humorously, and, taking toe hat to the hack-shop, called , out, ‘ Just -iron that, please"!’' Presently his hew bat was' brought out'to him, and, while he was ad justing it^ customer number two came, up briskly and said, ‘ You h^ed not tryiton. It looks all right.. Give it to me.’ ' 'Jh good man/ «u.the quietretort,' ‘Idart mind being mistaken for a hatter’s assist ant, but, when.^t'ccmes'.to Vj^ying up my hew bat for that old campaigner. 1. have just paased in, toe line has to be drawn.’” 