LADIES' GOSSIP. The statements that have been made as to the amount bequeathed to his widow by the late Duke of Sutherland are very exaggerated, writes Fa?ufy Fair. The dowager duchess's jointvjre is nothing like £1S,0DU a year amount, as has been generally written. It does not exceed £0,000. Precisely what the personal estate bequeathed to the duches3 will bring in it is impossible to say, but the whole of it will not to be found to exceed in value one million, including that Loudon and North-Western railway stock, which, it has been stated, is claimed to bo realty by reason of the heredi tary directorate of the company being attached to it. Collecting old china is Miss Braddon's hobby, and iu her house at Richmond she has a series of well-stocked china cabinets. Ouida, it is said, .is so proud of her small and beautifully shaped hands and feet that in summer and winter, out of doors and in the house, she wears sleeves that fall just below the elbow, and thin, low-cut slippers. The American lady who recently created some interest by starting au "autograph petticoat," does uot appear to have originated the idea. Reports of the Imperial christen ing at Potsdam state that the infant wore a train on which the names of all the ILohen zollern infants that have worn it on similar occasions are embroidered with the dates, though, of course, they are not "autographs." The idea (remarks a writer in the Globe) has been carried still further by the wife of a restaurateur at Vienna, who has started an "autograph tablecloth" for the names of the guests. Archdukes and princes have already humcred her by complying with her request to write their- names; and she works them in colors with silk. Women are now admitted to the classes m the faculty of arts at Edinburgh University along with men, and some amusing incidents of the opening of the winter session under these novel circumstances are recorded by a correspondent of the Times, who says some of the women were rather embarrassed by the amount of attention they received, especially by the ehecrs which greeted their entrance into the classroom. In the natural philosophy classroom a jocular student started the chorus of ''Clementine," whereupon the refrain of " Oh, my darling," was bellowed with infinite zest from a hundred throats. In the logic class a blushing maiden, accompanied by her brother, sat down on the same bench with him, but the servitor at once pounced on her and conducted her to the reserved front benches amid the cheers of the men. Women bishops are a possibility which Sir Wilfrid Lawson can contemplate with equani mity. He asked the Cockermouth women Liberals the other day, "Why should women not be bishops? There was no fighting to be done. It was an intellectual, spiritual, and theological affair; and surely women were as good in those things as men. He hoped to see the day when they would have female bishops. Perhaps they would do more good than male ones. It was possible." The ex-Empress Eugenie is so crippled with rheumatism that she can only walk with the aid of an atoendant or when leaning upon a cane. She is the ghost of her former self. It is not generally known (says the World) that the German Empress, in spite of her many excellent qualities, is very extravagant, and owes large sums of money to many of the Berlin tradesmen, one firm alone having a bill of S00.000 marks, or £40,000, against her Majesty. The Empress never wears either a dress, a mantle, or a bonnet a second time in public, and everything she buys is of the very best. It is all the more surprising when it is recollected how extremely simple her surroundings were before her marriage to Prince Wilhelm of Prussia, and even after her marriage until her husband succeeded to the Empire. The Em peror is also very largely in debt, in epito of the handsome present made to him last year by the Empress Frederick, who advanced him a million and a half of marks. The Emperor has not the slightest idea of money, and I scatters it right and left, to the great horror of i inanv nf his loval subiects. The Queen (saysLady Mab" of the Season) is very fond of pretty, pleasant; faces, and like3 to see them around her. On this point she | has such decided predilections that she is almost fastidious. She cannot bear to see haggard or discontented visage3% among her suite. Sometimes, moreover, loDg service, instead of producing affection between the mistress and her attendant, results in the contrary feeling. The Queen has been known to grow weary of some one or other of her ladies without any reason except the desire for change. In all these cases her Majesty is peremptory. She signifies to the unfortunate lacy that she has no longer any need of her services. It is only natural, therefore, that there should be a great deal of good looks among the Queen's entourage. There are one or two ladies whom the Queen has not seen siace the day of their dismissal, because the sight of their faces gob to affect her nerve3 so that she is afraid of renewing her experience. It is thoroughly understood at court that the reason why the Queen consented so easily to tiie marriage of Princes3 Beatrice and Prince Henry of Battenberg wa3 because she was so struck with his handsome face. If he had been a plain man her Majesty would probably have found it in her heart to forbid such a Mesalliance, especially as it threatened to inter fere so much with her own daily life and habits. The Empire dinner-gowDS (says the writer of "Woman's World" in.the.,St. James's Gazelle) are delicicus. Brocades are approaching each year more nearly to the splendor of the hand woven wonders of old. A wonderful brocade, with wild roses and leaves raised—as it were embroidered—on a surface of pearl-grey satin, and cub with absolute simplicity and art, is the material of one gown. An Empire sash of green crepe de Chine is twisted round below the bust and knotted on the left breast, whence long ends weighted by ornaments of crocheb passementerie fall to tbe hem of the skirt. A simple frill of old guipure lace edges the bodice. Very charming also is another dress of simpler white brocade. The bodice consists of a broad band of mirror velvet—shot-green and salmon—with flat guipure lace turned up from the waist and down from the breast. 1S30 sleeves of white brocade are in .better taste than velvet ones would have been, for velvet sleeves are dis tinctly overdone. A flat band of guipure borders the skirt, and here and there the brocade is slit up from the hem to show bits of puckered velvet. The mirror velvet is lovely, but the reason of its name is not obvious, see ing: it is of so cold and unsympathetic a nature that it reflects nothing but itself. The shaded velvets, ranging through such colors as the delicate pinks of the rose and the tender green of its young leaves are delicious. A pretty range is that running from palest lilac to the richest moss green. The Woman's Herald states that a number young lad ies resid ing in Nottingham haveagreed to adopt a short skirt for walking in muddy or snowy weather during tho approaching winter. They convened a meeting by sending out cir culars and met at the Social Guild Institute, when it was decided after animated discussion that the skirt should be at least 5 in. off the ground. Twenty-one young ladies signed their names as agreeing to this, and pledging them selves to* begin wearing the short dress on muddy days as soon as the costume oould be made. 