THE OPAL RING. j We were Bitting round the smoking-room fire at II-Hall, and when the clock showed U3 that a brief half-hour was all that was left of the old year, there came a pause, everyone apparently preferring his own thoughts to conversation. Net everyone, though, for Charlie Selwyn sat fivo minutes with a very depressed countenanoe, and then burst out— “ I wish some of you fellows would talk, and not sit staring into the fire like a set of comaes. If I nut out the lights perhapa this wouldn’t be a bad time for a ghost talk,” and ho jumped up and extinguished all the candies, then went on : “ I’m sura some of yon are thinking about them now, especially Gordon, who might have lived among toem all his life, by the look of bis face; besido, he has on that beastly opal ring, wbioh I hate. See it glitter, as if it sheltered within a devil or a ghost.” “ Would you like to hear its story 1” said Clifford Gordon, looking up with a faint smile: “ it includes a ghost, eo perhaps it won’t be too tame, even for Charlie.” “ Let’s light Eome brandy and make & green light,” said Selwyn; "I’m sure it would odd to the effect.” “ 1 daresay you know,” began Gordon, “ that I am a relation of Lord Gordon. Oar fathers were cousins, but he has always been much more like a brother to toe.” *' Gordon of Grathcrne Abbey ?” asked Charlie Selwyn. “ Yes; I visited there last Christmas for the first time, my cousin having always wintered up to that time at a sheeting-box in -Norfolk. When I arrived his sister Clarice— for I forgot to say that Geoffrey is.n bBcbelor —met:mo in-tbo hall; end wi:h aa: anxious face told me that as all the rooms wore full, I and a few others would have to sleep in the noith wing. She hoped I wound not be afraid, as there were several of ui. 1 assured her that 1 had not the slightest objection tc the north wiug, at which she looked much relieved. “ An old man-servant showed me upstairs; and after traversing about a mile of stair cases and paEsagf-s we arrived at the north wing, part of the original building, now about 400 years old. '■ “ • Why don’t people like sleeping in this part, Thomas?’ I asked. ‘It seems to me the most comfortable place I wa3 ever in.’ - “* Welt, sir,’said Thomas, ‘ I don’t think there is mush against the room, except that poor Ledy Dorothy was kept hero till she escaped ' and was drowned in the lake. Shall I send soma one' to unpack for you, sir ?’ “ Far the next fortnight we were hard worked, for it is not easy to keep City people amused, but os the frost held out, skating audsleigbing were much indulged in all day, nnd theatricals and concerts, at night. At the end of the.forluight, when all were gone except myself oud a few other relatives, Clarice asked me if I would change my room. “ • No, thank you, I prefer staying where I am,’said 1. “ ‘ I’m glad if you’ve sent the ghosts away,’ Bhe said. ‘ The servants all declare that if anyone slept there fourteen nights running, the spectres would never come back again.’ . “'Well,’ I answered, ‘I’ve slept-there thirteen nights ; I intend to sleep there the fourteenth, so it iB a bad lookout for the ghosts.’ ‘ “ “ That was New Year’s Ev£, ond it was much such weather as Inis, esc?pt .that there was an awful gale all day which-blew down big trees and left drifts ia tbs park ten feet ■deep. We were all n ther dull that evening, and Clarice ended off with hysterics, which did rot surprise us much after all the fatiguo of the last fortnight; so at eleven o’clock we separated and went to our rooms, and for the first time I thought mine rather ghostly, so I made up an enormous fire and settled myseif on a sofa beei.io it, not feeliug.in clined for the funereal bedstead, and began to read. By-and-bye 1 fell, into a half slumber which must have lasted quite two hours.- as. when 1 awoks, one caudle alone was flickering in its socket, and the fire was very low, bat I did not feel inclined to make it up, having that peculiar feeling that oome onc else was in the room. I accordingly de termine:! to let it go out and try to go to sleep. But try as I would I could not help keeping awake, and as the room was now al most- in darkness I seized the poker and stirred the fire into a blaze. “ When I looked up I was surprised to see & figure at the other end of tho room. After & while it turned and approached me, and I saw it was a lady dressed in a costumo of the last century, and having on her hand this ring. Presently she came quite close to me, and among other things which 1 must not reveal she implored me to wear the ring while I livod. She would have no rest if some one didn’t wear it; and she would come and claim it at my death. I noticed it sent red rays all over the room. I promised to do her will, when she disappeared through a panel, and I remembered no more till [ awoke in broad daylight, and found old Thomas stand ing beside me. looking dreadfully frightened : but he seemed relieved when I assured him I was all right, and sent him to fetch Geoffrey. When he came I told him everything, and pointed out the panel through whloh the lady had passed. He crossed the room and opened it, revealing a small recess, in which lay an old brocaded dress and a pair of satin slippers, which I instantly reoognieed as these the lady had worn. “‘But what about the ring, Clifford?” asked Geoffrey. “ I held up my hand and showed him the opal, now pale and lustreless as a piece of carnation. His face blanohed. “ ‘ She always appears before a death,’ he jnuttered. “ When I was dressed I joined my conBin in the piotnre gallery. He was standing before a small portrait, which I instantly re cognised as my visitor of the night before, and on her finger gleaming the opal ring. “ I may as well tell you all I know about her,’ said Geoffrey. ‘ She was the wife of some ancestor of ours, and he gave her that opal as an engagement ring. One winter night a traveller came and esked for their hospitality, as his horse could go no further. He turned ont to be an artist, and Lady Dorothy insisted on bis painting this por trait of her, whioh he did, and in the mean time gained her afieotione to auch a degree that a duel was the result, and her husband was killed. What happened to the painter no one ever knew, hilt poor Lady Dorothy went mad, and was kept in the north wing, from which she esoaped one New Year’s Eye and drowned herselfin the lake.’ “ At this moment old Thomas rushed into the room exclaiming; “‘Mies Clarice 1 poor Miss Clarice! I knew something woold happen 1’ “We rushed off to Clarice’s room, where we found my poor cousin quite out ol her saw her 1 I saw her!’ she kept repeat ing. ‘ She came through there, aDd 1 saw her V •• Inexpressibly shocked I hurried for a dootor; but it was of no use. Tae poor girl never recovered her reason, and a month Afterwards I heard of her death. “When we examined the recess in my room, we found a secret staircase and a door into Clarice’s room, and on one of these steps an old cambrio handkerchief and a shawl, which it is supposed lady Dorothy dropped in j her hasty flight. Geoffrey shut up the house j and ha: lived abroad ever eince. I am told that he looks quite an old man, and has white hair, bnt I have never seen bim since that terrible day.” ' When Gordon finished a deep silence pre vailed, and it was not broken till we heard the bells ringing in the Naw Year. We all crowded round the open window, and there were many hand shakings and good wishes exohanged by all of ns except Gordon, who slipped out, unperoeived in the general movement. v“ Funny thing," mused Charlie, “ I wonder if it ie true ? Must be, though, einoe he's got ibe ring. I always thought there waa something connected with that opal; it glitters eo mnch; and to-night it was quite Wo separated Boon after this, and when my man called me in the morning he brought a few lines hastily 6arawlod on a scrap o£ paper from Gordon, telling me that he had been obliged to leave by an early train, and would I explain matters to our host. For ten years I had neither heard nor seen anything ol Gordon.. I had sold oat of tha regiment in which Charlie Solwyn vras now major, and s tiled down in a comfortable placa that an uncle bad opportunely left me; and I had just invited a lot of people for a Cbrhtmas and New Year’s visit when some cot very pleasant business obliged, mo to countermand all my invitations and pene trate int.o Germany, which of all places in the world seems to be the worst to spend the winter in. I had finished everything, and was hoping to get home in time to sea the Naw Year in: but .1 was doomed to disappointment; and after the trains had been gettirig elower and flower, on New Year’s Eve they came to a standstill altogether, and at last a porter came and managed to mafco me understand that I must get out, as I wa3 tbo only pas senger, and the train did not intend to go any further. “Cut where the deuce is this ?” I asked, looking about mo in despair and seeiag no thing but the lluine and a very Email town on its banks, which at this point are most uninteresting, and, in fact, remind you of Holland. At last I managed to make out that it was Nsuwie.i, that the “ Golden Anchor *’ and the “.Wild 51an ” was ehut, and that tha only "place where I shouldsbe likely to get rooms was the Moravian Hotel, which, for tha ex hort)1,tant amount of five marks, the porter offered to show me. Could I have roomB ? Yes, certainly, and anything else too, said the polite proprietor, showing mo into a sitcing-rcom with a fire in it. And should they take hot water up stairs, and what should I like for dinner l This sounded comforting, and it proved so, too, for after a hot bath and an exoellcnt dinner I felt refreshed and set myself cheer fully to work to read soma Graphics a year old. Cat i was not long clone. The pro prietor evidently thought he might as well come and converse with me, which he did, giving mo his views on German politics, which were qu’ta different from anything 1 had ever heard before on the subject. “ And have you no one else here to-nighl?” I inquired. “ Only a German lady and her daughter who occupy a sitting room upstairs,’’ he un swered ; blit if the gentleman wishes I will ask them to ootne and talk.” “ Not at all, thank you,” I replied, the idea of having to converse with two Gorman ladies beiDg too much for me. But 1 meant English; you have no one else here, 1 euppose i ’ Tno landlord’s face grew grave. “ Yes, we have one Englishman here," he said, “ bat he will be gone before the morn ing, I fear, poor fellow.” “How do you mean—where is he going?” I inquired. " Home—he is dying; perhaps yon would like to see him V’ I did cot much like tbo thought, but it seemed to be such an awful thing to die away from everyone in a foreign land, with no fallow countryman near, that I consented, and the landlord took me upstairs to a room in which. were a German doctor and two Moravian siiters watching their patient, for there was nothing else cow to do for him. I went softly up to the bed and looked at tha dying man, whose face was in the shadow, but one of whose hands lay on the counter pane. 0.) it giiUcreii^an opal ring. “ Anderson I" said ~a>Voice ; arid as he turned his head I reoogniBtd Clifford Gar • My dear friend 1” 1 murmured, and then I quite broke down. •• Ask them to leave U3; they can do no good now;" he said. 1 turned to thalandlord and told him this was an old triend oi mine, and that ho wished to spt-ak to me alone, whereupon he bundled tha doctor and' the ethers out of the room and left us together. "Anderson,” Gordon began, “doyon re member this time ten years ago, and my tell ing you about Lady Dorothy ?” “ Yes, I remember it all,” I said. “ Well, I have seen her again! she came last night; and I think she will come again for the ring.” “ I hope not,” I answered gently, although even my inexperienced eyes saw that he had not much longer to live. “ I did not tell you all,” he said. “ I have always been afraid lest I should go mad like poor Clarice, bat I am not afraid now. Are those bells ringing in the New Yeor?” “Yes, dear old friend, it is New Year’s morning," 1 answered. “ Will you open the window ? I should like to hear them for the last time. Dj yon think you could raise me slightly ?” I put my hand behind him and gently raised him. We remained silent lor some time, and than Gordon said : “ The New Year has come now, has it not 1 And Lady Dorothy—” he stopped, and his eyes closed. I seized the bell-pull, but it would not act. Whan I looked at his hand the ring web gone. He was dead 1 