TII . ; C fi P E R S 'J ''TV A' TT (; HT I'M;. (JT love at lirst sight be possible, I J certainly was in love with her. ?- It was in my young days, when X wus , visiting Paris for my amusement. I Iind been strolling about the city all the morning, and towards 110011 I found myself in the ) neighbourhood of the Faubourg St. Germain, j when I caught sight of tho beaatiful I unknown. I stood still as she passed me, and our eyes met. Hor look was cold and haughty then, and I turned away, feeling rather ubushed, and not daring to follow her. For days and days I lingered about in the hope ot meeting her again, but without success ; und at last i made up my mind that I would try to forget that X had ever seen her; At nbout that tinio I made tlie acquaint ance of M. Auguste Verrier. Ho was a per son of venerable 'aspect, with long white hair and a patriarchal beard. His appear ance did not betokon wealth, but his gener ally cultivated bearing suggested that lie had seen better days. We first met in a cafe to which I occasionally resorted, and I soon found from his conversation that be was a man ... jonsiderable education. After we had met some half-a-dozen times, [ happened to mention that X took great interest in matters pertaining to art. He then informed mo that ho was a painter by profession, and modestly invited me to iccompany liim to his studio and. inspect some of his works. I assented, und lie conducted me to a crazy, old, half-timbered house, long since pulled down, in the Faubourg St. Germain. Here, having nscended to the topmost story, we entered tho studio, which presented a rather remarkablo appearance. There were numbers of pictures, some with frames and some without, stacked against the wallB ; and rows' of dusky shelves, with books, casts, und humun bones heaped upon them. In one corner was. a life-sized model of tlio Apollo Belvedere, and in tho corner, diagon ally facing it. a compieto skeleton iiung sus pended from hooks in tho wall. This, being on file sanio side as tho window, was barely distinguishable in tho deep shadow, and presented a strango, spectre-like appear ance. The other corner, on tho same side, was occupied by tlienrtist's easel and canvas, behind which wus a lay figure dressed in a complete suit of armour, and grasp ing in. its extended list a truncheon, remind in;; 1110 of the ghost of Hamlet's fnther. In the remaining corner stood another figure, which wns covered with a large muss of crimson drapery, apparently to'protect it from the dust. All about the room, wherever sniice permitted, were ? piled fragments of; old armour, with swords, pistols, halber:e, and othor weapons in picturesque disarray. After showing me several of his paintings, which were not indeed works of vory high merit, J\I. Verrier asked me ifl would taken eup of coffee. I assented, and lio rang a small handbell. In response to the .summons a young lady entered, bearing black coffee and' cigar--' ? upon a small tray. A thrill of dei;';.,....u. surprise ran through me as I recognised in her tho unknown one whose beauty had so profoundly impressed me on that*, memor able morning. ' Permit mo,' snid lie— ' -MonBieur Clayton, my daughter Mademoiselle Annette Verrier.' 1 bowed, and the young lady returned my iboisniiee with consummate grace, blushing slightly us sho did so. Tlion sho with drew, after handing us our coffeo and cigar sttes. I prolonged.my stay- rather.. inordinately,, in the hope that 5ldlie. Veriiei- would reappear, but sho did not, and 1 took my leavo at length, resolved to use every 'means for becoming better acquainted with her. One duy X met M. Verrier in. the. caf ns before, and our conversation happened to turn upon games. I mentioned that I was fond of rcartc, and asked him if he ever played.' ?' ' Alas ! not now, monsieur,' replied he. ' For you see X. have to be .at 'work every hour of the daylight ; and my physician does not permit thut I'go out in tho evening, 011 account of my asthma, so I am obliged to give up my game.'. ? ? ,- . . t ' But surely, monsieur,' said I, 'your friends might play with me in your own rooms':'' ' I have no friends,' said lie, 'who care toBpend their time in amusing an old man. Ah, 110 ! most persons can find mtne lively diversions'. than that. No matter j I must not complain, for i have u treasure indeed in the society of my beloved daughter.' I hinted pretty strongly that X at least would be only too happy to play' with him. . ' . ' Well theii. monsieur,' said he, 'since you are so good as to say bo, if you will name any evening that shall be agreeable to you, it will give mo great pleasure to tako a hand with you.' I suggested the Bauio evening, at any hour hepleased. 'Shall we say nine o'clock then,' said ho. ' And if you will do me the honour to sup with me ? ' I accepted gladly, and overwhelmed him with a profusion of thankB. What happiness ! I should seo Annette— should converso with hor, and should be able to strengthen the favourable impression I already believed myself to have mttde. M. Verrier rose to leave the cafe, mutter ing in a half-audible tone as lie did so : ' I must remember to get somo cards, for X have not a pack — so long since I havo played !' ' J'tuy do not trouble yourself, monsieur,' I exclaimed, ' for, as it happens, I have two new packs ut my hotel.' ?- He thanked me, and walked out. Just then tlio proprietor of tho cafe, a, fat, jovial fellow, who had beon removing some glasses lieur us during our conversation, turned to me with a smile— ' Monsieur must bo rich,' ho roinarked, 'to piny with M. Verrier.' ' Indeed V ? . - ' Ay. For it is his humour to play high.: Also it is his humour to wm. ' . What did I care lor that? Evou if X lost a few louie, the interview, with Annette would more th'an repay tho sacrifice.: : I resolved to humour M. Verrior for one even ing tit least. ' The time camo, and 011 my urrivaU-I was ushered by my host lpto a small and barely furnished room; whoro a table was la)d tor two. Our supper was very- simple ;? it consisted of bread, cheese, .and salad, with. red wine. Annette attended upon us, mixing our suhul uud pouring out our wine- kite was paU'r than usual, and the absenco, of colour 111 her olieek rather served -.to heighten the indescribable air' of noblmt thai; ? pervaded all her movements; I now had to' submit to a disappointment for which I liad been , wholly ' unprepared. Holding out her liand to mo, sho wished me ion mir. SI10 was ? going', to retire for the rest of tho evening. .... . It might have been partly owing to the wine, butil felt unusually bold, and as I took tlio lily hand in ihy own I pressed it to my lips. , ' So kind of you,' she murmured, softly. ' She is an angel !' I said to my.-ulf, ' an angel of gentleness and filial alTectioti. She has no thought— 110 care for herself ; sho old' studies her father's happiness.' Sho turned to go, antl— I hardly knew Itcw 1 nerved myself to say it— I wondered at my own temerity afterwards: 'You are quitting my sight, mademoi selle,' I exclaimed, in impassioned tones, ' but your imago will remain ensltriued in my heart for ever.' An interval of silence then ensued. My companion did not invite conversation, and I was not disposed to talk. I was tlimkin;.' of Annette. I now told myself that I -,'ovei, I101 — yes, this feeling muBt bo love, for it was fouuded 011 esteem. 'Come, tho.-., monsieur, said M. Vcrcfttf *' ; at length ,- 'shall we piny i' i u-senUd , and ho let! thff way to the studio. Everything thero was precisely CJ I hud teen it on the previous occasion. M. Verrier ? :i ntioned me to a chair, where I seated myself facing the easel, which was covered with a large white, wrapper. Behind it- loomed the mysterious figure in armour, while the A ppolio ;vas 011 my light and tho skeleton on my left. if. Verrier now removed the wrapper from the easel, disclosing to my view an unfinished sketch, , ' in oil-, of iiis daughter Annette. As i gazed at tlie portrait, a few inco herent expressions of admiration broke from 1110\. M. Verrier smiled, and drawing up a small tablo towards me, placed wine and glasses upon it, and took his seat facing me. The game commenced ; wo played high, and I seemed to lose about, three hundred francs in no time. I was a good player, but I did not pay suflicient attention to the cards, partly from a desire to indulge my opponent in his humour, but cliicfh' became my'thoughts wore running upon Annette, and my oyes continually wandering to her i-trait upon the easel. M. Verrier gathered up my stake with tlio cool indifference of the vote'-an game- _ ster. ' It is better to play thus than in com pany, where they bet upon the cards and v.. advisoyoti wliut to play, is it not, monsieur?' ' said lie. . X -expressed concurrence ; but there was something in his tone that X did not like, lb seemed to convoy a covert sneer at my want) : ? 'of skill, antl I determined to play my very best. I now won a few games, and M. Verrier for the first time challenged 1110 to bet. I did so, and lost heavily. The artist played as if lio had. known every card in iny hand — a species of knowledge that is of tratiscen- . dent value at tkarle. ? I began to suspect that I was being made the victim of some trickery, though of what nature I could not guess. The cards I had brought with me, and it was therefore impossible that tho backs could have been marked in any way.. What was the secret of M. Verrier's success? I resolved to watch him, and, if possible,' find out. My hand consisted of tho queen, eight and seven of clubs, and the knave and nine ot diamonds. In taking up these cards I had scarcely made a movement of the elbow, and yet X could seo, in the spectacle glasses of . ? ? -M. Verrier, tlio reflection of something in brisk motion behind my chair. 'Angry and suspicious, and almost for getting for the moment that tho man before me was the father of Annette, 1 turned shurply round, and was just in time to catch sight of a human hand, holding five cards spread fan-wise, rapidly disappear!...; under. ; the folds of tlio crimson drapery that covered tho figure in tho corner behind me. I had seen the faces of the cards. They wero the quceii, eitrlit and saven ot clubs, and the knave and nino of diamonds! I I roughly tore off the drapery, and dis- . closed to view— not, a lay figare, but the majestic form of ;AIdlle. Aunette Verrier, holdiiig'in her hand the ciirds yitli which - ho had' been telegraphing.;— Abridged from ? i 'l'ht Ha'portli: ;' , , - - A FEW PEOPLE I LOVE. ^ ? To love is one of the natural /propensities ???? -.- of the human race, and it , may jbe truly said that affection exists, ini greater or lesser degrees, in many of the domestic animals. I - ? ' , offer this sentence as a short introduction to what is to follow. I have always found it very convenient to start out with a sentence - : or two beforo following it up with others. All article whioh does not do this does not possess much inheront literary merit. .a. As my opening sentence impliedly admits, - ? : - . a disposition to hnteis contrary to all natural law, biit-X. hare- never been ablo to abieitam _ , what, tribunal has cognisanco of such con- . trariety or what, penalty is affixed v/hon a . ?/ : verdict of guilty has been brought in. . I have hover hated any one, und I have made it a point, to lavish my affections on certain persons, specified below, who I know are in need of ray love, because they aro not loved by the cold world generally. - . The perron who comes in for the largest - share of my pure affection is tho man who writes his name so that I can't read it. My .. lovo for this, man is unbounded, und so are the endearing opithuts I bestow upon him. - , - - Sometimes his written name resembles all ' . ? unfinished plan of a trestle-work bridge, . ? and sometimes it looks like the path of a . ? forest fire. If we judgo this man by his. chirography, he is an enigma, and— we give ? him tip. ? The next person I ardently love without his being aware of it is tho individual who j asksineif X have read this book or that - v book, .or somo othor book, and when I toll | him 1' have not, evinces surprise, and regards me as an inferior being. Ho is a lovnble man to me. Then comes the landlady, who, because I twice partook of a particular dish, assumes that I am fond of it, and afterwards passes it to me frequently, keeps it on the table I meal ufter meal, and informs her friends and relations that I am fond of it. Wellmean ing lady, sho shall never know howl love - her! The next in order aro tho persons of . limited intelligence who argue the great questions of tho Vltiy, and set forth plans for saving the country in my presence. One asserts that tho application of electricity to machinery in the place of steam will throw, the miners out of employment, and the other ? ? deelares that it will take just as much coal to make the electricity. And so they argue. - I wish they would stop long enough for mo . to tell thom how I lovo them. .1 And tlfe rest of my love belongs to the .. colleso girls who invite mo out to spend the evening, and then indulge in mystorious . - conversations respecting a drum oracquaint tmco positively unknown to me. They are ? .?*.-?.? good.at entertaining— themselves. HE HAD COLD FEET. A boardino- house on Cottage Grove avenue was tho, theatre of a very unpleasant . : incident a fow ovenings ago. One of the boarders— a young man of 1 . about twenty-seven— is a confirmed hypo chondriac. Among his multitudinous ills lie is ii martyr— at least so he says— to cold feet at bed time. ????:. ?i A eertain Dr. Hall told him that peoplo so affected should, before going to bed, bend over and smartly slap tho calves for about live minutos. _ , . , This struck the young man to bo about as ? sonsiblo a pieco of advice ns ho had over heard.. So lie put it to the test on Saturday ; night. Ho bent over and pounded awuy at himself, aud all the time nmde :i noi-c with. - - — his mouth like tho hiss of escaping steam. This noiso atracted the attention of one of - ; - the boarders, and I10 told the landlady that v there must be a fire in that room, because he . .-- could hear it. siz, and could hear a snapping , and a popping going 011 up there. Tho land lady didn't, pause to ar^'ue. She.caughtupu . ,-r . pail and plunged for the place at. once. The j - . - boarder followed with a gigantic broom. , . They precipitated themselves into tho room ' . ? . ? together. Theadventwassosudc'eu that tlio boarder, . . who was warming himself, had no chance to . dodge, and'thoro was too much. momentum j on the landlady antl the other boarder to ?? permit theui to recover themselves in time. . l ? ? So there was a collision. Tlie landlady, saw ? . . itcoining. and instinctively held tho pail in , front of Tier. . ' : But tho disciplo of Hall didn't. s ee it. as * his back was to the door and his head nearly ?? ?? , (.j to the iloo'r, and beforo, he could look up 011 healing the. door tlv open, the visitois were upon him, and tho contents of the pul over , 1 him, antl tlie three, wjth tiie pail and clothes '' ' brush, came dowii together. How the land-. ' ; lady extricated herself and got out of tlitf 1 '? room as quickly as; sho did will always ?- .V ; einain a mystery to tito two men who fitoOd . | there and glared at ieach other for egrnu j'.'.','' I fifteen minutes. I ---v. 