?THE -OHOST !r®HB-SHOST-l — V ) ..IMtir ? The Shadow sat His Pranks ,/ . Again: , Is He a. Man In Disguise. Or an Intah^ble^ Shadow. That tlicrc is mote than one person H playing ghost,*' at the present, .time, is painfully evident by the pumbcra-of tales of timid women and children who have been frightened, and men who have gone home scared by the sudden appearance of a noctnral visitant of, apparently, un earthly extraction. The Elstcrnwick Ghost is not, according to statements which rc&ch; us, entirely laid yet, and wc have good reason for knowing that he or it has bccu pcrambulatiog in parts of Caulfield, and dowu the East Brighton line. In one instance narrated to us a young lady was found bold enough to walk up to and into bis Ghostship, which proved indeed to be .merely & shadow. A valued correspondent sends u's this piccc of 'ghostal intelli gence ' : A Wee Bit of Ghpst ' Borne few weeks ago, I paid a vieit toa friend residing at -? ? During my brief sojourn 1 learnt of a ghost that had lately been 6cen patrolling tbc ncighbourhood. Now, I possess great admiration for ghosts, and devour anything connected with them with the ntmost avidity. But somehow, on this occasion, the news nffectcd mc rather qucerly, and tbc pleasure which I generally experience on hearing or reading of these nocturnal visitors was entirely wanting. It was not . altogether -strange considering the lateness of the hour, and the nature of the road I, had lo travel before my destina could be reached. .Fortunately, however, the ghost bad business elsewhere that even ing, and wc did .not meet. It was some time* before I Heard anything more about the matter, and then it was due to the extension of its hunting, or rather haunting, grounds. Housing from my morbid state I began to take a perfect delight in hearing of its wonderful doings ; and the fear of seeing -it, which w.ib once expcricnccd, entirely bftniebed; for too well did I assure myself of personal safety. What pleasures were derived when sonic friend dropped in and ' recounted the latest ghostly freak. Why it was perfectly thrilling ! The magnificent fix feet jump over a fence, walking on the roofs of houses, swooping from trees like some bird of prey, vaulting over the tombstones in the graveyard (this I never heard, but being part of a ghostly performance it would be surprising if this one did not follow in some of the ?ways of its predecessors) and others too numerous to mention. Why it nearly out rivalled Munchausen, There was ouc thing nbout it awfully mysterious and to mc has remained so even unto this day, that was why did it carry a white umbrella ? 1 can understand the necessity of having fire arms, vitriol, etc., but why nn umbrella? Was it to aid it in descending from above, after the manner of aeronauts? or was it insufficiently seasoned against the weather aud needed this as a precaution in enso of storms arising ? Perhaps it was . a protec tcction from tbc rays of the moon. Surely not ! But I am forgetting that this was: not quite an ordinary ghost ; for did it not leap from the outer branch of some large tree and di*tnrb two lovers that were parting as if they ne'er would meet again ? This was ill-mannered, and when the gnllaut took to his heels it gave forth a terrible ? groan to help him on his way. No wonder that the young lady should become hysterical and hold on to tbc fcnce for support, whilst the strong right arm had vanished. Ah well, the age of chivalry is past, so why complain. The ghost, however, has departed, its exit being as rapid as its entrance, and few arc they who mourn its loss. Should it at any future date deddc upon -paying ns another visit, then let it send an embassy to announce its intentions of so doing, for life insurances are not effected at a moment's noticc. 