The Rev. G. 0. Grubb's lission. "ScrnoonnosT" writes, cordially supporting the Rev. G. C. Grubb's mission and hoping that all sections will rally round the rev. preacher. "?'ho can foretell the result ?" he osks. " Perhaps the allaying of disesension and strife existing in the Anglican communion may he one of the blessinga voucebsafed.:' Our correpondent sends us an article by "A Litener" in the oDaily Telegraph of January 2, from which we makes the following extracts. The writer after steoting that no daub: to a large extent the real explanation of Mr. Grubb's success in drawing congregations is that he is a man filled with the Holy Ghost, and it is by His power that so much good has been done, goes on to say: 'Mr. Grubb is permeoated with the Spirit of his Msoter. He sees in Jasuo Christ the "very God." He believes in God and in God's Word winbout a shadow of a doubt. He believes that what God has said in the Bible is absolutely true, and therefore it is the bounden duty .f every man to accept and act upon it without questioning. This is faith. It is faith as Mr. Grubbdeficed it in his sermon in the Centennial hall lost night-one of the clearest Gospel delivorancee that I have heard for many years. tr Grubb was careful to avoid any puzzling drefinition. " You cams to this hall to- night because you read the announcement that I was g;iog to preach. You believed it and you are here. That is faith. It is very simple. Faith is reliance on the word and the character of God." There are those of coors?e who will say that that is blind faith-and that it would com pletely ehut up the reasoning faculties of a man's nature. fut with Mfr. Grubb that is the faith which saves, and to him salvation is pre-eminently the object cf life. If you wanted to argue whether there is a Gad or whether the Bibe!o is the Word of God, he would probably tell you that to him thees are not deboteonb!le questions, and that before yon can hope to be eaved you must accept there two eternal truths. It is cvident, of coursc, that for a man to wield an inflacene over thcus ands of people so as to lead them to accept impltoitly what he says as the truth he must bh a thorough believer in what ha teaches. There may bh an outward somblance of sincerity wtthout the eincerity itself; but a mission preacher of that kind eaoner or later fails in his work. Mr. Grubb io not likely to do that. He is not only sincere, bhut he is intense, and, what is more, he is "desperate." That is his own description of himself, given more than once this week. As you watch him in some of his more " desperate" moments, you cen imagine him literally "plucking brands from the burning," eaving them from that eternal death which he pro claims as the doom of those who reject Christ.' The plisrion eommenea to-moreow in St. Soviour's Cathedral and will he contionueod during next week. 