, REAL GHOST STORIES. From the Berieiv of llcvivivs.)- . apparition heard and seen. Pon tile most pari llie plinntasm that appears \- lit the moment of death is not seen by: more than one person ; occasionally, ' however, it is both audible' and visible. to others.'-' Here, for instance is a case sent me hv Mr. II. W. Street, of 140 . Ivennington Park Road, London, in which the ' ghost was heard by three and seen by one. He writes : — Some yenrs ago, while living at home with my friends, I was sitting on (lie top of some stairs that led directly from the upper rooms into the passage, talking to my mother, father, nnd sis- ter ; while so engaged, we diBtinotjy heard a loud hard knock at the street-door. Before I could descend, in obedience to my mother's wish, to open the door, I saw an aunt of mine— an elder sister of my mother's — pass through the passage . into the bacK parlor. I exclaimed, "Why, _ _'r there's Aunt Talbot gone through !" We all :went down to greet her, and could find 110 one I in the place. My father was curious in these matters, nnd took particular note of the time — ' throe o'clock p.m.— saying to my mother, " We .; shall hear ,o£ a death.' '.In the evening a special messenger came from Heudon, Middlesex, to say that tny aunt died at :ithree o'clock in the afternoon. One very curious thing in connection with these visions is the way in which the phantasms are dressed, It is Hub detail which gives its im portance to the following story sent me from Tattershall :— A friend of mine, now living at Tattershall, related to me that, in 1851, she visited a cousin in London who shortly afterwards went with her husband to America, a Bister of this lady, Mrs. Sykes, who resided in a farmhouse near Boston, Lincolnshire, saw, as she thought,- -'her brother- in-law passthe window, nnd hastened to open the door, thinking he had returned unexpectedly to England. She liad noticed particularly that he wore a green coat. Oh looking "round she could see no one, and could not hear that anyone else had seen him but herself. News soon after arrived that that very day he had been found hanging in his barn; and on inquiry she found \- that he had on a greeii' coat. ghosts seen in the looking glass. I have had two stories sent me in which the gliOBt was seen in a looking glass. Thofiret was \- sent me by Mrs. Child; and is as follows : — I went through the following experience in November, 1846, when a young woman of about 17 years of age. It was about nine o'clock in the evening, and I had just come in from a walk. I had taken my hat and cape off, and was tidy ing my hair before a large looking glass, when, to my intense astonishment, a man's face sud denly appeared iif the mirror, gazing intently at me over-iny shoulder. I hastily turned round -to see' what man liad-dared to enter my bedroom, linagiue my bewilderment when I found "nobody there.' Ah iimnediate- Beafch under the bed and in the cupboards discovered not a vestige of any one. 1 now became alarmed, and hurriedly pro ceeded downstairs. On the way it flashed upon me that the whiskered face, which surprise had prevented me recognisiug at once, was that of my uncle E — — H — — , at that time out in Cal cutta. The head was also the same height as he. For about an hour after rejoining- my f riends I felt too greatly upset to say. anything about the matter." . At length, however, I related the whole circumstances to him. . The next mail from In dia brought us a letter telling us that my uncle died of fever in Calcutta on the very same day, and at the same lime— though of course a differ ent hour by the clock— that I had beon visited by that mysterious appearance in my bedroom. At the time of the apparition my uncle was the farthest person from, my thoughts. I had, in fact, just been out with the gentlemen to whom i was engaged. The house where this occurred was No. 3, Rohan's Terrace, Commercial Road, London. The above is a faithful and accurate account in every particular. - Mary Hough", the mother of llie above Mrs. Chijd, was present in the room when the experi ence was firBt related, < The other witnesses are either dead or otherwise inaccessible. The other is sent mo by Mrs: Harper, of Haw- ford, Bournemouth : — — My Bister was at school, aged 20. She was was etanding one Saturday, night before the looking-glass, brushing her long, lovely hair, when suddenly she saw in the glass, standing behind her, our mother in her night-clotlieB. Exclaiming, "Oh,- mother," 6he turned round, but no mother was there ! Marvelling what could have caused her imagination to play her such a trick when her thoughts had been running on a topic wholly disconnected with the dear parent nt home, she resumed the brushing of her; hair. Very shortly after iny sister again Baw the mother standing behind her, as before, tenderly regarding her daughter's face, reflected in the glass. - But oiice more ho mother was visible, and \- the affrighted girl rushed away to regain cou- rage aHioiig her coiiipanioiiB. She 7 noticed the clock in passing. Our mother, who resided in another part of the country, had died a few minutes before of ihaliguiiut fever, caught in visiting ntnorg her dear poor people, but all had occurred so sud denly that the confused, and soriow.strickeu ones athonie had not thought of writing to my sister. She was my mother's first-bom. from elsinore to durham. The number of apparitions .to sailors is very remarkable. Here id one taken from Mr. Ken- d all's diary, which' is told by Mr. Alderman Fow ler; of Durhaui. Mr. Fowler, who is one of the patriarchs of .the North of England, -tells the story as follows:— . I was assistant at a shop iii Durham, near my pceseiit:piace of business, when a singular cir -cumstance happened to me which ; seemed to imply that the spirits of the departed have, at least at the time of their departure, the power to manifest themselves to survivors. I had a v brother whom I familiarly called Mat, who was n sailor, and had gone on a voyage to the Baltic, One baturday afternoon I was attending to a customer, reckoning up an amount to be paid after serving the .'article's; when L happened to look towards the window, and was surprised to see my brother Mat outside. Our eyes met: I smiled and nodded to him, nud Biiid, «' I'll he with you presently," or something of that sort. I told my master that my brother Mat had come home and was standing outside. 1 was immedi ately released from my engagement with the customer and told that I might go to my brother and also bring him to sleep with me that night. When I went out into the street expecting to see my brother Mat, he was nowhere to be seen, I spent ail the evening seeking far him at places where he might have called but without success.' I wbh so disturbed at this that I went off home to Sidney Bow next morning to see if they knew aught ; but he had not been there, nor had they heard any news of him. But this was the as tounding coincidence which I learned afterwards. Mat died in the haspitul at Elsinore about the litne when I Baw liiui standing in the street in Durham. The date was October 21, 1837. Alderman Fowler, who is still living, has been five times Mayor of Durham. His soil, named from the sailor of the vision, has been mayor this year (1891). Jt is said that insnuity is one of the scourges of Newfoundland, where inler-marringe obtains. In America, and in some parts of the continent eggs have been sold by weight only. When the Britisher settles down In a new country he builds a church ; the Australian is geuui ally credited with inaugurating a racecourse, tuid the American with starting a saloon, Willi nil Anglo-Saxon laces, .however, on the first op— pojiuniiy a newspaper is published, so -that the coUniKts may ventilate their grievances and feel liiat they are provided with a policy. 