EVOLUTION. (To the Editor .) Sir,— My otitic, Mr. Richardson, en deavors to make a mountain of capital out of the word ' if' that I used re evolution. He says — 'For the Bike of illustration permit me to construct a theory on an ' if.' ' I will take his second illustration as being more appropriate than the first — '? ' It the people oi Mars could throw a weight, with a line attached, to this earth, a communication could be at once estab lished whereby we could loarn whether they have long droughts and consequent scarcity of feed for their cattle ;' but I submit there is no analogy between the two theories. It is not contended by men of science that a communication between Mars and this earth has been established ; but it is contended by men of science that evolution is a true explanation of the origin, growth, and de-elopment both of organized matter and its mentil growth. This contention is held not only by the greatest men of learning and culture out side the Christian Church, but aotunlly by a great host of Christian divines and they cau be counted by the thousand. I have listened to many acute men of science expounding the dootrine of evolution to large and very resptotable audiences, pre sided over occasionally by the chief mag istrate of the city, and supported by a consi letable number of the aldermen. And furthermore, a unanimous vote of thanks was pushed by 3000 people to the lecturer (Dr. Hodgkinson.) The Rev. W. D. Ground, Vicar of Alnwiok, who has written a book on ovolutipQ, tpld n?e personally ttot'ho~wns fully under tho impression, frnm hi! pxnorionco in tho colleges, that threo-fourths or threo-fiftlw of tho students 'oro believers in tho doctrmo of ovoid Hon J expounded by Darwin and Spencer in sonio --f ll-o cticnt industrial centres of inuhnd evolutionists abound among the finW typo of young men. The Athcmmm somo few years back contained a -'^^.ant that Mr. Spencer is called tiio A\d\ WsIiod of Bradford.' Birmingham also h,8 established n ' S. cioh.gic it Soctmn ' [or tlie study ofl.i-. physiology in connoc tion with tlie Kalura) History nnd iMico KlSooit..y.»-(J »/.«««„,. , M»y 5/8t. D 57-1 ) Now whon thia gentleman, rflr; Richardson, can get his theory of ' com munication betweon Mars and tho earth impounded by ono- twontleth of themimhor nt scientific men who aro to bo found on tho sido of ovolution, it will bo timo enough for him to gi be about tho 'if.' An arigol is next introduced on tho scono, a3 'if' it had any bearing on tho subject ; 1i.il we havo not been informed as to the iex of the nngol, whothor mulo or lemalo. Every now roligion, like a now play, ro nuircs a new apparatus of dress and Diachioory to fit tho new characters it creates. But wo will hear what this angsl haa to say. ' And the angol said to thorn, fear not ; for behold 1 bring you good tidi)i'S of «reat joy which shall be to all neopio. For 'nto y°' ia born tllis dav in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord.' I will also take the liberty to quote, ns my friend hns sot. tho example, ft will bo ' great' tidings of joy, although not cunveyod by an angel, but by tho 'good Shepherd' Hirimelf — ' tin tutbelieveth aud is bapt'sed thall be saved ; but ho tbat bolievoth not shall bo dainned.' Truly thia is ' great tidings of j-y'— a miohty joy— seeing that an overwhelming 'proportion t,f tl10 ''iman rncu has never receivod this previous gift, nor yet as much faith as would move a feather, aud it would b-J altogether out of the question to 'move Mount Keira.' It would take some of Mr. Kichurdson's ' explosive mat erial' to do thai, in addition to his baptism and faith. The story of the life of Christ in tho New Testament brings a now bsing upon the stage, which it calls tlie Holy Ghost; anl tho story of Abraham, tho father of the .lows in the Old Testament, gives exigence to a now order of beinys it calls angels. There was do Holy Ghost before tho time of Christ, nor angels before the timo of Abraham. We heir nothing of these winged gentle men (or should I call them ladies?) till more thin two thousands years, according to the Bib!e chronology, from the timo they tho heavons, tho earth, and all therein were made. After this they hop about as thick as birds in the bush. Tho first we hear of pays his addresses to Hagar, in the wilderness ; then three of them visit Sarah ; another wrestles a fall with Jacob ; aud these birds of passage, having found their way to the earth and back (perhaps they came from tho planet Mars), are continually coming and going. They eat and drink, and up ayain to heaven. What they do with what they cat neither the Bible nor your correspondent tell us. So much for the angel. The gen tleman whose letter is under review asserts that ' tena of thousands of pages of such scientific writings would count for little or noihing in proving that matter and blind force evolved either vegetable or animal life.''' Who says it did? He first creates a myth of his own imagination, and then asserts that it can accomplish nothing. I stated in my article that ' animal life began a remote period a?o, in a very low organized state — that tho lino of demarcation was almost impercep tible from the mineral kingdom ; not one word about bein« evolved, ei her by ' blind force' or a force that could see, but Bimply gave the facts revealed by Na ure. It has never been proven, as far as I know, that matter is ei her dead or blind favorable conditions. The pen with which this is written seems to us dull aud iner', but to a strong scientific mind it seema vibrating with life, like tho monarch of the forest ; its tiniest atoms each contain an ordered stellar and planet ary system, orb circles round orb many million times in a second ; a human breaih, the raising of a hand, a ray of sunlight, altera in an instant every one of its million motions ; these respond to influences more delicate than any of our instruments can appreciate in a way that the most tender human heart does uot respond to the inner movements of the one it loveB beet. I will, with your permission, resume thiB subject in nest issue. ARTHUR PEE. Mount Pleasant, Oct. 22, 1892. 