LOCAL ITEMS , CouacILton Hamilton last Modnday .evening called the attentioni of .the members 'of the Brightohn Town council, to the fact that the : sitting accommodation for visitors was totally inadequate. For many meet past the throng of spectators in the council chambers has been very great, thus showing that greaterinter estthan heretofore is being taken in the sayings doings of thie representatives of the ratepayers, " Last! Monidiy" there must have been close upon fifty gentlemen present, some sitting some standing. and all of thornm apparently interested in the couricil's debates, and these occupied a space that by good rights ought only to have accommodated half that number. It was derided to leave the matter to the mayor and town clerk to make other arrangements, for the future comfort and convenience of the general public. Whilst on this subject we might throw out 'a hint that the old position of the;" press " table be resumed, no worse place in the chambers could have been seleot ed thian where the table is now placed. Where the table placed immediately. at the rear of the town clerk, as in days of yore, the reporters would have a much better position of vant age than at present, and would be much easier for the counoil'a messen ger and more comfortable for sll concerned. The removal of the table would give sitting room outside the 'rails for at least' half-a-dozen rate payers, etc. -Doubtless a re-arrange ment of the room will be made, as at present a more awkwardly arranged council chambers than that of Brigh ton could not well be conceived. THE Elsternwick Ghost put in an appearance last Monday.' evening and came very near being torn liinmb from liimb by two ferooious: mastifs It appears that about half-past eiglit a lady and her servant maid. had oc casion to pass along Kooyong road, and when near their destination they were startled by an apparition clotlh d' in white springing up. front a 'crouched position. .It appeared to beaman of full stature who.envelop ed in a white sheet and with phos. pherous or something of that' kind about his face presented an' illu uminiousappearance. Thisapparitiori so startled the ladies that taking the 'dogs they' sooled " them after the' apparition which had in the merin time scaled a fence close by and ran for bare life. The dogsamade strenu ous efforts to capture the perpetra tor of this senseless and yet perhaps dangerous freak, and it is lucky for him that they failed.to seize him as had they done so they might have made such an " impression "upon him as would havebeen"lastingifnot salutory. At any rate it would be such as would prevent him from ever following such a nefarious freak again, TrE concert under the auspices of the Caulfield 'Football Club, held in the Caulfield Shire Hall last Tuesday was one of the most successful and enjdyable it has been our lot to at send for sometime past. We learn that very close upon £30 will be forwarded to the committee of the Mornington Relief Fund as a result' of this effort.. The t committee,' of which Ors. Kirkham and Sharp ably assisted were backed up by Crs. Hol 'land, Lloyd and Pennington deserve' every credit for the success which marked their herculean efforts.- We noticed that the concert was under the pIatronage of Sir Frederick and Lady Sargood, the members of the Caulfield Shire Council and ,also of A. McKinley, Esq., M.L.A. 'The' last named gentleman moved' at the close of the concert a very' hearty vote of thanks to all who had so kindly ' volunteered their musical vocal and elocutionary assistance.' TatE half-yearly meeting of Court Star.of Brighton, A.O.F., was held in the hall on Monday. June 30th. There was a large attendance of members, Bro. W. Mitchell, C.R. in the chair, The balance sheet for quarter ending June read by Bro. Smith, showed receipts for the quarter £119 10s. Sd, while the ex penditure had been £110 1es. Sd. out of which the sum of £43 5s. 10t. had been disbursed to sick members. The present worth of the Court being 1 now £1186 l6s. 3d. For the various officers ·for the current term the 1 following were elected and installed. -C.R. Bro A. E.Karris; S.C.R. Brol a J. C. Semken; Treasurer, Biro. 'W, IH. Atkins; Secretary, Bra. G. W. ( Brown; S. W,, Bro. G. Lawerence, I J.W. Bro. S. K. Gardener; S.B., a Bro. Callow; J.B., Bro. Bradon Assistant Secretary, Bro. T. Allitt.'i The honors of a P.C.R. were voted to the retiring C.R. mro. Mitchell, I and a vote of thanks to the retiring' 1 members was carried with acclama- i tion. During the evening one new member was initiated and two pro posed for next meeting, MEssRs. Ray and Co. announce elsewirhere that they have started business in premises at the corner of New and Barkly streets, North Brighton, as dyers. etc., and hope to merit a fair share of public patronage. For further particulars as to prices see advertisement in another column. WE 'are requested to call attention to an advertisement. in our columns niotifying the dates the auditor will attend at the Brighton Branch of the Melbourne ..Savings: Bank for inspection of depositors pass books. -.-The Battle of Waterloo, anniver sary 'oelebration was _continued at the Victoria Parade Cyclorama all last week. The attendance was very large, and visitors appeared to tho roughly enjoy the entertainment. The Cyclorama of the Seige of Paris is as popular as ever. TUE next of the series of lectures in connection with the Brighton Free Library will be given next Friday evening, the lecturer being Dr.,A. Dendy, F.L.S.. and his sub ject .' Problems of Evolution.' ,,, Atthe, iCaulfield races ::last Satur 1ay a meeting was held in. the stew arde' roomst for the purpose of con sidering the fehsibility o - holding a race meeting, ihe proceeds'6f -which should be devoted to-.the distress relief fund. Mr. G. Davis, M.L.C., Minister of Defence, presided, and there were a number of influential gentlemen present. After some dis oeussion it was resolved to hold a race meeting, if the consent of the Vie torian Racing Club can be obtained, on Tuesday 16th July, which is the Grand National week, so that there should be a large attendance. Messes. Baylee and Co., auc. tioneers, of 325 Collins street, Mel bourne, and Chapel street, Prahran, under instructions from F. B. Plum. mar, Esq., will sell next Monday, on the premises "Enfield," 'corner of Champion street and Dendy Road, near Church street, Middle Brighton, the whole of his well kept Drawing, Dining, Bedroom and Kitohen, furni ture, etc, etc. For the convenience of persons attending this saleconvey ances will be in attendance at the Middle Brighton Railway Station on the date named above. Parties furnishing or replenishing their fur niture will do well to visit this sale. LAsT Sunday. the members and adherents of the Wilson Street Pres byterian Church, Brighton, celebrat ed ,their ;anniversary by special ser mons being preached by . visiting olergymen. In the- morning the pulpit was aocupied by the Rev. C. H. Irwin, LM.A., of. St,. Andrew's. Carltorn in the afternoon, the. Rev. J. F. Malorne, M.A., of Toorak, offi. ciated and at tie ovening service the Rev. A. C. Smith, M.A., efArmadale. was the preacher. . The congrega. tions at each of the above 'services were very good taking into considera tion.the cold and inclement weather. .At ,each service a collection 'was taken up in aid of the ohuroh funds. LAST Saturday evening i scare of small-box outbreak was' created' in the :-vininity: of- Cochrane street, 6-North Brighton, at the houses occu ,pied by Messrs. Higgins. Bros. Ser . geant Ryan accompanied the Health Officer; Dr. Simons to the place; I and it having been hascertained that some of the passengers by the Oroya Shad visited there it was decided to Svaccinate' every 'meniber of these \- families, 'in order to- prevent the Sspread of the complaint. We learn that persons residing in Cooper and . Durrant Streets- also for.-a similar . reason to that mentioned above had Slikowise to undergo vaccination, as theyhadenterained passengers by the , Oroya. S- WE have been asked to call the , attention of our readers to the great t clearing sale of drapery, Millinery, Setc, now going on at Hartley's estab. lishment, in Chapel street, Prabran; : Great attractions are now being made by him, and Hartley's patrons can ! depend on getting bargains in hats Sjackets, stays,: and-. 'underclothing,. He has also such beautiful dress goods -at . such prices. :as: should secure a crowd of ready purchasers. Gents, boys, or youths intent on obtaing ready made clothing will find it to their advantage to pay SHartley it visit. : It isestimated that the coat -of con necting each house with the Metro politan -seweragen system(i- will be about thirteen pounds. 9 Tue ordinary' mneutingi of the Brighten Presbyterian.: Literary Society was'held in the new school-' room Wilson street, on.Priday, June 24th.- at - 8 o'clock. The president, 0.11. Snowball, Esq.. took the chair, . andu45 members oand .visitors were present. The first part of the p'o gramme consistid of a very interest ing lecture 'on the "Human Eye" by Mr. Coooh. I The lecturer illn strated his remalrks withi numerous diagrams touching- on the':various organisms in connection- with the eye.-- The secoiid part of the evening - was given :to prac tical Chemistry experimentseby Mr. Cheshire. This: part . of --the pro gramme was-very instructive as well as intertaining as'Mr 'Cheschire's ex periments were made with the gases with which we are all familiarin name At the close of the evening a hearty vote of thanks was given to the two gentlemen for the tiouble they had taken and to Mr Cheshire for his kindness - in bringing before the members so much apparatus where with his experiments which had been so saocessful were made. Di. Leger Erson desires through -our columns to notify his patients that he may be consulted at hia new residence the piemises formerly ocou pied by the Mfercantile Bank, adjoin. ing the Prahran Town Hall. During the past week a large number of the articles recently taken by burglars from- the premises of MIr. Morris of Armadale, have been unearthed in a most curious place. namely under the floor of a room attached to the Melbourne Goal, WE have received a sample of the new, game of '"'TABLE FOOTBALL" whichis now all the rageand sellslike wildfire. The game represents: a Sfield of twenty players on each side and goal posts, kickers, rules and ball accompany each game. board. It is played by.a couple . of persons in accordance with all the Victorian rules. We have great pleasure in introducing the above to our readers and strongly recommend all lovers and. suipporters of football to pur chase a ' Tiable Football " as it is in our opinion the most interesting-and amusing game yet introduced., :. . A heartrending case of distress, is reported as having occurred" at Wil .son street, Brighton, during the past week. it is unnecessary to say that so sooon as the case was made public strenuious effoits were put forth in 'order to minister to and releive the pressiing wiants of the inmates. Foodc fuel, and temporatiy' work were found by Mrs; Huintley' and 'otheis: who interested tiemsnelvestin. this deserv ing case., N sno, iVS o at Norfh-Brighton Rail. way li'ad bette'r"y'i en'd theii'90s "s else Sergea'Ryit ih ianid his possee of assistants whoi'iae on the witrpatb. "will have to use thie' stcn 'arm of the` law. See elsewhere our report of the affair as diidussed ait the `Brighton town council ' table last Monday evening. TEE members of the Public Works Committee of the Caulfield Shire Council, paid' a visit of inspection last Tuesday to Mr. Carr's depotpt 'East Brighton, and where highly pleased with its' cleanliness, etc. They 'decided' to' recommend the adoption of a similar system, viz: double pan and trenching in of the excreta, for their own shire, "Siu.iroNs in connection with the inauguration of the Young People's Christian Endeavour Societv"will be preached to-morrow in the Primitive Methodist Church, Male Street, Brighton. at 11 and 7 a.m., by Rev. J. Smith,. at 3 p.m by the Rev. T, Adainson. aIn further celebration a tea and public meeting will be held on' Monday, at the latter iaddiesses, suitable to the occasion' will'be given by" members of' the Society and others. THaE 'second grand juvenile indus trial and art exhibition in the'Lecture Hall. 'Winter Street, Mlalvern, which is to beopened next Tuesday after nooin,.promises to be a great. success, There are upwards of six' hundred and. fifty entries. . The admission is. oneshillingon opening day, and six pence each following day. Sir F. T. Sargood will perform the opening ceremonial at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, In addition to the other attractions a splendid programme of elocutioniary and musical contests will be pro.. sented. AT a public meeting held at Ms1l vern.Shire hall last Tuesday evening, the President of the Shire, A. Mc Kinley, Esq., M.L.A, in the cihair it was unanimously resolved, "'That it was desirable to devise some means to assist in releiving the distress in 'the city and suburbs," and further '* that this meeting appoints a com mittee to raise funds to releive such .distres. at first in Malvern and after. wards in' the city and suburbs sur rounding " Two residents of Malvorn named Edith. Currie, and Arthur. Jones alias Toms. were charged at the Rich. mond court last Wednesday with de. frauding . the railway department. The first mentioned for travelling on an expired pass was fined 5s. with 21s, costs and the last named 10s, with £2 2se.'.costs' for travelling with out a ficket. WE -regret having to record the death of the Eon. T. T.. A'Bekett, which sad event took place at an early hour yesterday morning, at his residence' Well street, North Brighton. 