! HOW CAEDINAL MOEAN BLESSED THE BELL. We briefly noticed in our last issue issue how Dr. Moran, in blessing the new bell, adroitly evaded all allusion to the extraordinary powers against evil spirits and other maliflc influences cre dited to that tintinabulary metal, in the service which is provided in the Pontifi- Calle Romanum, which he is obliged to follow according to order. These incan tations are ot course veiled from the people by the Latin language in which they are spoken ; so His Eminence could safely leave out all allusion to them in addressing the crowd, and leave them under the impression that a bell when " blessed " was merely like a bell un- blessed, an instrument to make a noise, to warn the people that it was time to pre pare for church. We, therefore, here give a translation into English of the whole office, taken from the Roman Pon tifical, which is at this moment by our side. " Of the hallowing of a signal or bell. A signal or bell must be blessed before it be placed in the belfry, in this form : — In the first place the bell is to be so sus pended that it may conveniently be touched inside and outside, and that it may be handled and circuited. Next, near the bell is provided a faldstool, a vessel of water to be made holy, a sprinkler, a vessel of salt, clean towels for wiping the bell when needful, a vessel of holy oil of the sick, holy chrism, perfumes, frankin cense, myrrh, and a censer with fire. The pontiff, in vestments, &c.;, sitting on the faldstool, says, with his ministering atten dants, six psalms. These ended, he rises, and standing mitred, blesses the salt and water in the ordinary way, to which the following collect is added : — ' Hallow this water, O Lord, with Thy heavenly blessing, and the power of the Holy Ghost rest upon it, that when this instrument, designed for inviting the sons of Holy Church shall have been imbued therein, whensoever this bell shall sound, thence may depart the power of the en- snarer, the shades of phantasms, the in cursion of whirlwinds, the striking of Lightnings, the hurting of thunders, the calamity of tempests, and every sprite of storms ; and that when the sons of Chris- ans shall hear its clang, the increase of devotion may so grow in them, that has- tening to the bosom of Holy Mother Church, they may sing to Thee in the Church the new song of the saints, &c.;' ' The holy water being prepared, the pontiff puts on his mitre, and begins to wash the bell with the water. His ministering attendants take up and con tinue the work, washing it completely and totally in every part within and with out, and afterwards wipe it with clean linen, the pontiff meanwhile sitting mitred, and saying with the rest of the ministers six psalms (cxiv. — cl.) These psalms being ended, the pontiff rises mitred, and with the thumb of his right hand makes the sign of the cross outside the bell, with the holy oil of the sick ; which done he puts off his mitre, and says — " O God, who by thy blessed Moses, thy lawgiver and servant, didst order the making of silver trumpets, through the blowing of which by the Levites in the time of sacrifice, thy people, being admonished by the sweet sound, might make ready to adore, and assemble to celebrate thy sacrifices, by whose clang too, animated to battle, they might lay prostrate the attempts of their adversaries, grant we beseech thee, that this instru ment prepared for the use of thy Holy Church be sanctified by thy Holy Spirit, that through its touch the faithful may be invited to their reward. And when its melody shall sound in the people's ears, let the devotion of faith grow in them, far away be driven all snares of the enemy, — smash of hail, gust of whirlwind, rush of tempests. Be baleful thunders restrained Be blasting winds wholesomely and calmly suspended, and the right hand of thy might so lay prostrate the powers of the air, that hearing this bell they tremble together, and flee before the banner por trayed thereon of the holy cross of thy Son, &c.;" Then the pontiff putting on his mitre wipes with the clean linen tbe cross just before made by him, which done he begins the antiphon and psalm xxviii. During the psalm, the pontiff standing mitred, makes with his right hand thumb seven crosses with the holy oil of the sick outside upon the bell, and four inside with the chrism, at an equal distance from each other, saying at the making of each cross " Be this signal-bell O Lord, sancti-h fied, and conse4- crated. In the name of the Ea-l-ther, and of the Son, and of the Holy + Ghost, and to the honour of St. N. Peace to thee." Then follows another blessing prayer, a little varied from the former one, for putting to flight by the sounding of the bell of the thunder, of the enemy, tempest, &c.; After which the pontiff sitting mitred puts into the thurible the perfumes frankincense and myrrh, if they can be had, if not as many as can. Then the thurible is so applied under the bell that it may receive all the smoke, the choir meanwhile chanting Psa. Ixxvi. After which follows another prayer like the former for the sanctifying of the bell by the Holy Ghost, in order to putting away by its sound the enemy of the good, the terrifying of the hostile host, the repelling of the rabble of adverse airs, the preserving of the fruits of the faithful, and the protecting and saving of their minds and bodies. He ends by kissing the book and drawing a cross on the bell, and resuming his mitre, he departs in peace. It is well that the veil of latin hides the nonsense, else the Eomanists present at such a service would laugh in each others faces. Do they not know very well that the sound of a blessed bell does not still thunder, avert bad airs, discomfit evil, terrify hostile armies, prevent fires hail, Ac. ? Tet there is Dr. Moran gravely repeating it to them, just as if he and they believed it. 