9xU$ and Jfcetrite*. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] Alone on a Wide, 'R&de; Sea! AN OLGAN MYSTERY; BY \V. CLARK RUSSELL. Author of 'A Sea Queen,' 'The Golden Hope,' 'The Wreck of theGrosveaor,' 'The Death Ship,' 'My Danish Sweet heart,' &c;, &c; fAIi, RIG UTS RESERVED.] Chapter IX.— The Cbv of a Child. It was cold, but the sweep of the dry night wind was refreshing and inspiriting to me who had been confined to uiy cabin all day. A ball's eye lamp burnt under the overhanging ledge of the poop deck. Beneath it was a clock, and the email hand was close upon nne. The gleams of the lamp touched no living figure, and so lonely looked the vessel that I could have easily supposed myself the only human being on board of her. The great ship was leaning over under a vast cloud of canvas, and a sound of stealthy hissing such as the stem of a vessel makes when the fabric is swiftly rending a quiet surface of ocean rose into the wind on either hand. There was a ladder close beside me conduct ing on to the poop sr upper deck. I mounted it and stood at the bead of the steps looking around me. I could see but two figures. One of them was on the other side of the deck. He was motionless with his arm round a rope and his shape etood out against the sparkling stars as sharply as though he were a statue in ebony. The other figure was at the aftermost end, at the wheeL There was a deep shadow of rigging and of sail where I had come to a pause. The dusky hue of the cloak I wore blended with the obscurity, and I was not observed by the figure opposite. I looked over the side and saw the water sweeping past white as milk, with a frequent glitter of beautiful green lights In it. I looked away into the far distance, where the confines o£ the black plain of the ocean were lost in the «larkness of the night, and fixed my eyes upon the stars, which were shining sparely in those dim and distant reaches, and said to myself, ' Where is ray home t Which of all those countless stars is shining down upon my home now ! Bnt have I a home? How can I tell, for I do not know who I am ?' Then I looked np at the swollen pallid breasts of sails climbing one on top of another into faint, almost visionary spaces, where the loftiest were; and whilst I looked I heard two silver -*himna ting out of the darkness forward. What can those bells mean? I wondered. How marvellous was the bnsh upon this great speeding shadow of ship, this Aim bulk of symmetrical clouds waving ite though to the accompaniment of some deep spiritual ocean music heard by it, but sound less to my ears '. Where was the multitude of people who swarmed upon the deck when I bad come on board in the morning ? I knew they were resting below, and the thought of the sweeping cloudlike shadow at which I gazed awed me ; but the emotion changed in to one of fear and of lonliness suddenly , ana to rally myself I turned and walked towards the after end of the vesseL There was a moon in the west, and the light in the sky that way was the silvery azure which I had witnessed through my cabin porthole. 1 walked to the extreme end of the ship, where the helm was, and stood by the side of the wheel When I was on board the French vessel I bad always found something fascinating in the machinery of the helm. I used to gaze with childish wonder at the com pass card, steadily in its brass bowl point ing out the little vessel's course, and I would watch with surprise the instant response of the small fabric to the movement of the wheeL But now as I stood here beside Oti* wheel I surveyed a stretch of deck that seemed measureless, as the white planks, glimmering like sand away from my feet, went stretching and fading into the obscurity far forward. Behind me, from under the high, dark stern of the ship, rushed the wake, like a line of pale Btnokc blowing over the sea. The stars danced in the squares of tlic rigging ; they tipped as with diamond points the sides of the sails, and they blazed at the summits of the three dim spires of the ship's masts : and the moon in the west poised in an atmosphere of delicate greeuish silver, trembled a waving fan-shaped stream of light upon the summer like pouring of the ocean under her. All at once the helmsman on the right hand side of the wheel of whose presence 1 had hardly been sensiMc, uttered a strange, low sort of bellowing cry, and fled along the deck to where the figure of the other man was. Involuntarily I put my hand upon the wheel, as though instinctively feeling that it must be held steady, and that it must be held iu any case or the ship would l-e without con I ml. The two men came slowly along. The motions of each were full of weariness, and suggestive in the highest degree of alarm aud astonish ment. ' Dumined if it aiii*t astecring the ship !' ' You scoundrel, it's a womau !'' cried the other. 'How daie you quit your post? You 11 have the ship in the wind iu a minute,' and tliey both arrived together at the wheel, ruuuinji, out* bciii' pushed by the oilier. The man who pusLcd'thc other was droned in a monkey jacket with bras button* and a. naval car- He uas clearly one of the ship's officers, but it was not surprising that I should be meeting him now for the first time. He thrust his face iuto my hnod, and then hacked a step and exclaimed ' W ho arc you t' then immediately added, ** Oil, of course. You're the person tliat was taken out of the French brig. Come away from the wheel, will you . aia am ? Here's an Irishman that believes you i ghost.'' The other muttered in his throat. I walked some paces away and the officer accompanied me. ' How is it that yoH're not in your bed ?' said he. ' I have been sleeping all day,' I answered, 'and have come out to breathe the air.' ' We do not allow females to wander about the ship at night,' said he. ' However vou cannot be supposed to know the rules.' I aaw him by the moonlight eye me strenuously and earnestly. 4- That's a bic bandage you have on, ma'am. I hope you are not much hurt?' in a boat by the Frenchmen.' ' And they tell me you have no memory.' ** I can remember nothing,' I answered. 11 What is that,' cried he, pointing. '* It is the moon,' said L ' What is that but memory ?' he exclaimed. ' I remember nothing of my past,' said L ' Down to the hour in which I awoke to con sciousness on board the French brig everything is black. But to whom am I speaking V ' You are speaking to the chief-mate of the Deal Castle, and hie name is Andrew Harris.' ' What is a chief -mater I asked. ' He is the person that is next in command to the captain.' ' Then yon are of consequence V said L He smiled broadly. 'There are people who will run when I sing out.' ' Nobody appears to be awake on board this ship saving us who are here,' said L ** Have you come on deck to find that out ?' he exclaimed ; then directing his face at the forecastle he uttered a cry, and out of the shadow forward there instantly came a re sponse. He cried again and a rumbling ' Ay, ay, sir !' came out of the shadow. ' So yon see,' said he, ' there are four not three of us awake ; and if I were to sing out again, in about five seconds the deck would be full of sailors running about. . . So you've lost your memory. . . D'ye know what part of England you bail from ?' ' I cannot even tell that I am English.' 'What do they want to make out? That you're from Greenland ? Pm trying to catch tout accent. I have an Al. ear for accents. I hoped at first you might be Lancashire, where I bail from. Then I fancied I could hear Derbyshire in you. But I reckon it'll end in Middlesex,' he added thoughtfully. 'That's to say if London's in Middlesex, which no my-' who goes to sea can be sure of, for every time he returns he wants a new chart, such is the growth of the little village. Does my talk give you any ideas!' I shsok my head. ** Doesn't the word London give you an idea ?' I thought and thought, and said, 'It is a familiar word, but it. suggests nothing.' ' Corse the sea !' he exclaimed with an irritable twist of his head as he looked round the horizon, ' how ill it treats those who thrust themselves to it ! It robs you of memory and it keeps me a poor man. Corse it, I say ! I should like to know the name of the chap that was the first to. go afloat. I'd burn him in effigy. But it's some comfort to guess where his soul is. It wasn't Xoah. Noah liad to save hie life, and I allow he hated the sea as much as I do. All animals —pooh ! but I'd rather l-e shipmates with beasts than emigrants. And so you've lost yonr memory ! And dow what's to bring it back to you, I wonder?' He brckc off to exclaim sharply to the helmsman ; theu re peated, ' What's to bring it back to ye, I wonder ?' *' He took a turn as though the remedy were in his mind and merely demanded a little thought. I watched him with deep anxiety. How could I tell bat that even from him, that even from this man whom I ha.d never before seen, with whom I was now dis the silence of a faintly moonlit deck,' with the sound of frothing waters rising round about us, and the pale shadows of tbe leaning canvas soaring high above us, how could I tell but that even from this stranger might come tbe spark, the little leaping flame of suggestion to light up enough of my past to enable me presently to see all ? So 1 watched him with deep anxiety, whilst he took two or three Presently he halted, facing me. He was a short man, scarcely as tall as 1, square built, and very firmly set on his legs. His hair ap peared to be the colour of ginger. His chin was shaved, and he wore a bosh of beard on light silvered disclosed a dry, arch, sailorly ' It requires thinking over,' said be. ' My motto in physic is Mike cures like.' What a shock. If the doctor would put you through a course of shocks you »i come out right. I m a poor man, but I'd wager every farthing that I shall receive for the voyage that, if you were to fall overboard from thelieight of the ship's side, when you were fished up you'd have your memorv. Some sort of a shock did the in i sell ief, and any sort of n shock's sjoiug to undo it. That's my belief. When Mr. MuKwin visits you again you tell him what I say. Why, now, listen to this. An uncle gout that lie hail to be carried like a dead drunk London. With much lacking and filling he was got into the railway carriage, and there he lay like a loC. capable of moving nothing but his eyes. 'Half au hour after the train had started it ran into about forty waggons, full of cattle. The bust-up was as usual ; cnuine off the lines, driver in halves, the r ? j- an in a l*t -h several car ' napes matelmoml, a dozen dead ]-eople urnlcr ' them, two and twenty iwrsons wounded, and the country round about full of bleeding bulls. ! And who do you think was the first man to get out and run T My uncle. The collision ' cured him. He was a \vcll man from the instant the locomotive bust into the waggons, and he has never known an ache since. It's a shock that's going to do your business, ma'am, take my word for it.' I understood him perfectly. Many of his allusions I did not in the least comprehend, yet I listened greedily, and for some moments after he had ceased, I continued to harken, hoping for some word, some hint, some sug gestion that would help roe to even the briefest inward glimpse Three silver chimes floated out of the deep shadow of the ship forward. ' What are those bells ?' I asked. ' Half past one,' he exclaimed, 'and with all respect, about time I think for you to l-e abed. The captain may come on deck at any moment, and if he finds you here bell be vexed that I have not before requested you to go below.' I bade him good-night, but he accompanied me as far as the head of the steps which con ducted to the quarter-deck. ' A shock will do it,' said he. ' I'm the son of a doctor, and my advice is — shocks. The job is to administer a shock without doing the patient more harm than good. Ill think it over. It'll be something to kill the time with. D'ye know the road to the cabin ? Well, good night, mam.' I silently opened the door of the saloon, re gained my berth, and after musing upon my conversation with the officer on deck, I closed ray eyes and fell asleep. 'Good morning, Mirk C.,' exclaimed Mrs. Richards, entering the cabin with a breakfast tray. ' I am glad to find you up and dressed. It is a quarter to nice o'clock and a truly beautiful morning. There is a nice breeze on the quarter and the skip is going along as steadily as a carriage. Have you slept well ?' ' I have slept a little.' ' Well, to-day you must appear on deck. You will really show yourself to-day. All the passengers are longing to see you, and do not forget that ljy mingling amongst thpm) and fet-lking and hearing them talk, ideas may come and your memory with them. Here have you been a prisoner now since yesterday morning. rt ' No, I was on deck last night.' ' What, in the dark ♦' ' The captain would not like to hear that,' said she, arching her eyebrows, 'but you will not do it again dear. I mean you will not go alone on deck when everybodv is asleep except the sailors on watch. What officer was ou watch last night?' *' The first officer, Mr. Harris,' said L ' Did he talk with you f 'Yes. He told me that a shock mieht give me back my memory.' ' What did the man mean *' ' He said he believed, if I were to fall over board from the height of the ship that when I was taken out of the water the shock would be found to have restored my memory.' She burst into a loud laugh. ' He is a truly comical gentleman,' she exclaimed, though he never intends to be fnnny, for he is always in earnest. It is said of him that ever since he was second officer, now getting on for five years, he has offered marriage in every voyage he made to one of the lady passengers. Oar head steward has been shipmate with him three voyages, and on every occasion he has offered marriage. He is always i ejected. A shock indeed ! she exclaimed, growing suddenly very grave, ' what an idea to put into your head ! You might go and throw yourself overboard in the belief that the act would cure you of loss of memory. I will tell tile doctor to give Mr. Harris a hint not to talk too much. Now make a good breakfast, dear, and by and bye I will call and take you to see Mrs. and Miss Lee.' I sat at my solitary repast, which was bountiful indeed, and reflected upon what Mrs. Richards had said. No ! it would not help me to confine myself to my cabin. By mingling, by conversing, by hearing others discourse, by gazing at them, observing their dress, their manners, their faces, some gleam might come to touch tbe dark folds of memory. In the steerage they were break fasting somewhat noisily. There Mas a great clatter of crockery, and a sound of the voices spirits, an-l the tones of children eagerty asking to be helped. The light upon the sea was of a dazzling blue ; through the port holes I could sec the small blue billows curling into froth as they ran with the ship, and the ship herself was going along as smoothly as a sleigh saving a scarcely* perceptible long drawn rising and falliug, regular as the respiration of a sleeping breast. L was looking tli rough the porthole when the door was thumped and opened, and the ship's doctor stepped in. ** Well, said he iu his strong North British accent, knitting his brow anil staring into inv fact with his sharp eyes, ** What/re yeable to '* My memory is good for everything that has happened since 1 first opened my eyes on board tbe French vessel,' I answered. 'Humph!' He felt my pulse, uvamined my brow, dressed the injury afresh, and said that I should be able to do uithout a baudage 'The capLiin tells me,' said he, plunging his bauds in his troopers pockets and leaning against the upper bedstead, 'that he ineaus to keep you on board, trusting that your memory will return meanwhile, when he'll be able to put you -in the way of reaching your friends. He cannot do better.' 'Rut my memory may continue dark even to the end of the voyage, ' 1 exclaimed. 'True; but you're bettor bore meanwhile. Vou might be cousigned to the keeping of a captain who, on his arrival in England, would set you on shore without considering what is to become of you. How thru. Miss C. ? — for that is to be your name, I hear. But if Captain Ladmorc carries you round the world there'll be ten months of time before ye, aud it will be strange if you aren't able to recollect in ten months. And now tell uie —have ve never a sensation as of memory ? What's the feeling in you when you try to look back t' ' As though it were a pitch dark night, and I was groping with my hands over a stone wall.' ' Good ! Try now to think if ye have any other sensations.7* ' Yes, there is one ; but how am I to express it ?' 'Try.' 'When,' I exclaimed after a pause, 'I endeavour to pierce the past I seem to be sensible of the presence of waves of darkness, thick folds of inky gloom swaying and revolv ing iu black confusion and Gripping wet.' He kept his eyes fastened upon me, lost in reflection. My words seem to have struck him. Then telling me it was a fine morning and that I must come on deck and get all the I took up a book, but I could not fix my attention. I was able to read — that is to say the printed characters were familiar to me and the words intelligible, but I could not keep my mind fastened to the page. Growing weary of aimlessly sitting or wandering about in my berth I opened the door and peeped out. As I did so I heard the fat chuckling laugh of a baby tickled or amused. A young woman sat at the table that was nearest to my cabin and in front of her on the table ehe held a baby who shook and crowed with laughter as she made faces at it. There was nobody else to be seen. At the forward end all about the steps was a haze of sunshine floating through the open hatch there from the front window of the saloon, otherwise the atmosphere was somewhat gloomy. I stepped out of my berth and approached, the young woman in order to look at the child. She turned her head and seeing me grew grave, and stared whilst the baby instantly ceased to laugh and rounded its mouth and eyes at roe. 'This is a dear little child,' said L ' What a sweet rippling laugh it has ! Is it a boy or girl V 'A girl,' answered the 'young woman, with a little suggestion of recoil in her posture, as though I was an object she could not at once make sure of, 'May. I kiss her!' She held the baby up and I kissed its cheek. She was a golden- haired cblH of seven or eight months with large dark eyes. She did not cry when I kissed her. ' She is a fine chfld — a beautiful child,' said L '? Are you the mother ?' '^o( I am the *nst4*r of the mother,' answered the young woman, h*»gi twiner to speak as though her doubts of me were leaving her. ' Aren't you the lady the sailors rescued yesterday?' ' Yes,- I said. ' How glad I am you were saved.' She had a bonnie face, and I looked at her and smiled, and said, ** May I nurse baby for She put the child into my arms. I kissed it again, and the little creature stared at me, but did not cry. ' You nurse her nicely,' said the young woman. ' How quickly a baby seems to know an experienced hand ! I cannot get the knack of holding her comfortably.' At these words, or at that moment, I was seized with a indescribable feeling— & sightless - yearning, a b\ind craving, a sense of hopeless loneliness, that, as though it had been some exquisite pang of the heart, caught my breath and clouded my vision, and the blood left my face, and every limb thrilled as though au electric current were pouring through me. The baby set up a cry, and die woman, with fear in her countenance, snatched it out of my arms. 'Oh, God ! What is this?' I exclaimed, bringing my hands to my breast. 'Oh God ! What is this? I have lost -I have lost ? Oh ! what was it that came and went V ' What is the matter ?' exclaimed Mrs. Richards, coming1 out of her berth, that w&s; immediately beside where I stood. ' Is it you, Miss C. ? I did not know your voice. Are you poorly ?** 'No,' I answered, 'a sudden fancy — but I cannot give it a name ; I cannot recall it : I don't know the meaning of it. Oh, my head, my head !' And I sat down at the table and leaned my brow upon my hands. 'A little passinc feeling1 of weakness,' eald. Mrs. Richards. ' Only think what this poor lady has suffered,'1 she added, addressing the young woman who had risen and gone a few paces away, and was now standing and holding tbe baby, and staring. ' How could anyone hope to be speedily well after snch sufferings as this lady has passed through ? But I know what will do you good, dear/* and she slipped into lier berth and returned with a glass of her cheery brandy which she obliged me to drink. *' And now,*1 said she, 'come to your cy^in and compose yourself, aud then you shall pay Mrs. Lee a visit.' ' I do not feel ill,' said I, as I seated my self in my cabin, ' it was a sensation — I cannot describe it. I was holding the baby, and as I looked at it I -I ? ' ' It might have been a little struggle of memory,' said the stewardess. ** But it gave me nothing — it showed me no thing— it told roe nothing.' ' Never mind,' said the stewardess; 'how do you know but it may mean that it is your memory waking up * I have read that people who have been restored to life after having been nearly hanged or nearly drowned suffered tortures, much worse tortures than when in their death struggle*. Wight it not be the same with the memory ? It is not dead in you, but it is lvin** stunned by something dreadful that happened to you. Xotr it maybe waking up, and its first return to life k a torment. Let us hope it dear. And how do you feel ' I should feel happy if I could believe that what you say is true.' 'Well, you must have^flatiencc and keep youi heart cheered np.' She then looked at my hair and saying aloud but to herself ' Yes, I believe it will 1« the very thing,' she left me. When she returned she bore in her hand a little uiob cap of velvet and lace. ' Put this on,' said she. 'It is one of four that were f'ven to me last voyage by a lady passenger, intended them for a friend in Sydney bat you are welcome to them. Wear it my dear. ' I pat the cap on and certainly it did improve my looks. ' I will not thank yon for you kindness with my lips,' said I; 'if I began to speak my thanks I should tire you out long before I could end them. ' She interrupted me: 'Do not talk of ihanlrjng me. I declare. Mire* C., I am never bo happy as when I am being helpful and nsefnl to others, and there are many like me. Ok, yes, most of us have larger and kinder hearts than we give one another credit for. Do yon feel equal nor to paying a visit to the aalooQ.' I answered yes, and she led the way through the Bteerage and up the small flight of steps which conducted to the after part of the saloon. The sunshine lay in a blaze upon the skylights and the interior was splendid with light and with prismatic reflections of light There was a eonndjoverhead as of many people walking to and fro. The saloon was empty ; everybody would choose to be on deck on so fine a morning. Mrs. Richards walked to the door of one of the centre berths and knocked. A soft voice fall of music bade her enter. She turned the handle and held it whilst she addressed the inmate of the berth. '* I have brought Miss C,' she exclaimed. ' The lady is here. Miss Lee. May ahe step in !' ' Oh, yes, pray, said the musical voice. Mrs. Richards made room for me to pass, and pronouncing Miss Lee's name by way of introducing as she added that she had a great many duties to attend to and Quitted the berth. ( To be eonthiLed. ) 