AUSTRALIAN . MYTHS. (FhOM BljLGKAVIii : The An'stralian aborigines have a curious myth with regard to the origin of water. They say that originally there was no water in Australia. They got along very comfortably without it till one day some adrentnrons spirit suggested that tliov ought to do some thing to procure it. A solemn conclave was held, and they determined to apply to the oldest and wisest inhabitant as to tlie course to be pursued to attain their object. The venerable native lis tened to their complaint, and told them that the water was contained in the stomacli of a gigantic toad which lived in a cave at the top of one of their highest mountains. All that was re quired was to make him laugh, when the water would run out of his mouth. Another great consultation was held, when it was decided that all the animals should be asked to give their co-opera- tiop to obtain the desired result. This they readily agreed to, and natives and animals repaired in a great body to the toad's mountain to try their powers in rfcbe way of laugh raising. The first to make the essay was the ass. He brayed so loud that he might have been a dema gogue expatiating on the crimes of the classes as against the virtnes of tlie masses, lie shook his long ears till they rattled again, he kicked his heels into the air higher than any donkey had ever elevated them before, lie cut the most fautastie capers — all to no use, and the toad did not so much as wink an eyelid. Crestfallen the donkey retired, and the cock strntted up with a self- satisfied air as thongh he and he alone knew the secret of how to make the toad laugh. But alas for the vanity of feathered aspirations, his crowing and flapping of wings had no more effect than his predecessor's braying, and he too retired discomfited. One aftei the other all the auimals, birds, and fishes tried their best to raise a laugh, but with 110 better success. At last, when everybody was beginning to despair, came the eel wriggling . along the ground, and, strange to relate, the toad blinked an eyelid and watched its con tortions. Seeing- this tlie eel raised himself into an arch and walked along on his head and his tail. Those watch ing the gigantic toad saw the mnscles of his month begin to quiver. Now the eel twisted himself into a single knot, and walked solely on liis head. Lo ! and behold the toad smiled, and out of each side of his mouth water began to trickle down. Seeing this the eel re doubled his efforts; he twisted himself into a double knot and walked jauntily along on his head and his tail. This extraordinary performance was too much for the toad; lie opened his mouth and laughed loud and long. Out gushed the water in a mighty torrent down the mountain side, and spreading over the country, formed rivers, lakes, and pools ; and down, too, came the natives, . rejoicing that at last they - would have an abundance of water. The following story shows that ghosts can be vindictive in Victoria-, and resent meddling with tlie body they once in habited. A man travelling in the country of a friendly tribe came upon a deserted habitation. Above the door- way he saw the usual crooked stick, - pointing in the direction the family had taken, and all around about the place pieces of bark covered with whitc clay, indicating a death. He fonnd tracks leading to a tree in which he soon dis covered a dead body. Anxions to know .who had died, he laid down his rug and weapons, at the foot of the tree and ascended it.. On removing the opossum rug from the fiiee ho found that it was a friend. Ho wept for a long time, then went away, lie had not gone far when he heard some magpies making a great noise as though they saw some thing strange. He tnrned round to see what it was," and, to his terror, saw tho ghost of the deceased come down and follow him. He was so terrified he could not move, but managed to ad dress it. in theso terms : — " Why do you frighten me when I have come to see you end never did yon any harm ?" It never spoke, but followed liim for a considerable distance, scratching his hack with its nails, and -then. returned to the tree. When he reached his friends he told t.lieui what had happened, showed them his back lacerated and bleeding, and said he had a presenti ment that something had would befall him before long. At the next meeting of the tribes he was speared through the heart. 