Cricket. Lovers of the good old game of cricket were sorely disappointed on Saturday, as the rain which fell in the morning and continued throughout the day necessi tated the postponement of all fixtures which had been made for that day. There is little doubt had the weather been fine, and in the absence of anything else in the way of amateur sport, our metropolitan and suburban greens would have been liberally patronised. Those old opponents, Belvidere and Carlton, were to have met on the Association Cricket Ground, which is now in good order, and as many of the seniors are beginning to get into form, an interesting match should have been witnessed. The Junior competitions were to have been played on the Boyal Agricultural Ground, and the Printers' Cup competition was to have been advanced a stage. Should the weather prove favorable on Saturday next all these matches will take place, and owing to the approach of the inter colonial matches many lovers o£ the game will doubt less attend in order to see how our representatives will shape when trying to uphold the honor of the country. The SoutirAdelaide and Adelaide teams met on the Adelaide Oval on November 12. The former totalled 297 for the loss of eight wiekets, to which Martin contributed 90, and Beedman 67. The North Ade laides managed to get Hindmarsh out by 6 o'clock for 260 runs. Fred. Jarvis played brilliantly for 88, A. H. Jarvis made 50, C. Chittleborough 39, %. King 27 not out, and Holbrook 27 runs. The third round of the matches- for the pennant of the Victorian Cricketing Association was commenced on November 12. Melbourne was drawn against North Melbourne, but a dispute arose over the ground, the M.C.C. ground being occupied by the bicycle sports. North Melbourne objected to play on the Wesley College ground, because rfc was too .small, and in favor of a strong batting team like their opponents. Melbourne claimed the match, but the North protested. ' The matter has been referred to the pennant committee. East Melbourne batted first against South Melbourne, scoring 219 for eight wickets; F. Lover not out 44, Horan and J. Harry each 31. Fitzroy lost six wickets for 215 runs against St. Hilda, Worrall not out scoring 104, Melling 56, In the -match University against Port Melbourne the former lost seven wickets for 259 runs. Aleop not but 95, Quack 81. A cricket match was played at Wagga on November 12 between the Lake Albert and Mechanics' Clnhs, 23 men a Bide. It was won by the latter by ^4 runs on the first innings. Scores': Mechanics, 100 (Shannon 41) ; Lake Albert, 36 in the first innings, and ten ?wic- kets for 28 runs in the second. Marks obtained four teen wickets for 18 runs. At Mnrrumburrah^n November 12 a cricket match took place between Cootamundra and Murrumburrah. The latter won by 4 runs. . The scores were; Coots mundra, 90 ; Murrumpurraii, 94. A match was played between Claremont andChurch of England Grammar School, and resulted in a win for Idie farmer by seven wickets and Iran. Soores: Claremont, three for 79— Way, notout 44. C. of E. Grammai School, 78-r^arke 24, Eaton ;i5,Daivis 18. Leader was fjie most successful bowler for the winners, aadBose, Cox, and jDavis divided fheJmwV ' ing honors for the losers-. It is rumored that an American eleven is to visit; England next year. Fiqajbo does, not think they will have a ghost of a chance against Surrey, Somerset- : shire, or TSbttB. A visit from a Dutch, team is also proposed, but die Dutchmen, if they gc^ will not at- ' tempt to play All England— nor Australia. : At Melbourne, on Salnrdajr aighfe a eerknw BSray ooeurrepl at fhe TCBt&naq; fHfkrl&t;&. Con stable Toad was enfleavoriajj $o ,i%c$ a loan, iiajn^ Brawn nnder arrest, Fhentafiupi^ of by ButtlllfiFS TttraaHiwrAftfl ft ipftBCQftb ^ J&SVdE;&u.; * Oukfafc \ ConBtaMes beanie to Toad's ussmtqgtpeL ,**d &, 