A Russian Ghost Story,, When Ihe Winter Palace was fiuis'ir.d tha empress appointed a day for taking possession of it; and the elite of the goands, and » corps which was composed entirely of noblemen, mounted guard in the new castic. A long, dark corridor lead to tbe middledoorof the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It waa approaching ten o'clock and tho arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Suddenly ttie attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, »nd they saw that it Btreamed through the keyhole of the throne-room. Who could have any business {at euch nn unusual hour in a room which w&s; designated only for the reception of foreign ambassadors ? One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and approached tho door for tbat purpose, but as soon u he had glanced through the keyhole he called to his companion in m whisper to conn nearer. " The empress has already arrived," wliiip* ered he ; she is seated on the throne,dircctly opposite to the door." The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The empress was seated in a tranquil dignity on &n; elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impassible to ascertain if any other persans were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no Bide view of the apartment. The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said,— " You can all now retire r the empress will not come to-night." " But her majesty ii already hera." "What? Who?" " Her majesty is in tho throne-room." " Impossible 1" " You can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recognised the empress, and said wonderiugly,— "I cannot understand what the marsha. means. He haa just arrived, and ordered i. hat all the guards be withdrawn ; "the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly? At all events 1 will ascertain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the empress may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, vras fortunately in the palacc, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the corridor, and peeped in his turn through tho keyhole, " My God, it is the empresB ! Her majesty herself I What cau it mean ?" exclaimed he, " How can this bo possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to tbe throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in or out 1 I will hasten to report at oncc." The distance between the two houses being quite Bhort, the marshal soon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by tha empress. " Where is the empress?" " In her sleeping apartment." " The prince looked at tho lady of honor with suspicion, and said sharply.— " Are you cure that the empress is here ?" " Of couree; Bhe is preparing to retire." Inform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. " Well,"said the empress, "you look as If ou had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's nine is the matter with you ? Is there »ny •leVs from the army?" Kuratin hurriedly related what he had icen. " It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. ' We will take a nearer look at these cornelians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry." Arrived at the Winter Palace, the outelian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; six grenadiers were corunanded to load their guns, and led by tht empress the little troop betook themselves tc ihe corridor. Tbe light shone as before through the keyhole. The door waa cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. Tht impress Btepped within the room, followed by her guanl. who placed themselves around ler. The room was brilliantly illuminated, >ut empty. On the throne was seated a ihape, the counterpart of Elisabeth arrayed n purple and ermine, covered will liamonds, and crowned with the royal dla 1cm. One instant Elizabeth gazed •teadfastly at her double, then moved for >'.ird a few steps. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, 8tepped down from thr Drone, and then remained standing as immovably Btill as the empress. It was a thrilling moment I "Fire J" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all sis i ned directly at the ghostly visitant. Tht ig^crs snapped. At the same instant the ^ure, clapped its hands together, and the • > r jiTi was suddenly plunged into intense arkness. Then followed a great commo- • nn and confusion, while the emprcst tiled,— 15ring lights 1" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner waa thoroughly searched, but abso hitely nothing could be found to elucidate ;'ic mystery. Every door was locked an*' guarded. The guards had seen no one leave •bo palace. The empress ordered a moic thorough search to be made, but in v*iu vera all efforts made to discover the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it weic. The occurrence made a deeper imprcssioE upon Elizabeth than Bhe wouid admit. Eigh! weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar.—A young lady w»i sitting with her lover in a charmingly decorated recess. On her knee was a diminutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company. Says tbe it tic niccc, in a jealous and very audible voice. " Auntie, kiss me, too." We leave you to imagine what had hap pened. " You should say twice. Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar," WM the inmediate rejoinder. Clever girl, A Professional- — " Beautiful sport— beautiful," said the bagman. " Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots," A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel office, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by thehand. " Allow me to congratulate you, el*," ht said," I am a professional myself." " Professional sportsman 1" " No ; a professional liar." Father (haughtily)—" Well, sir I—" SON (imploringly)—"Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but I am young, and I have yet time to mnke reparation. If a future life of honesty—" FATIIEB (angrily)—"Honesty! ha, ba! Who prates of honssty to a retired ijsr.- dealer!" Baron Hans Yon Leera, now alone of the fashionable watering places, is described es nearly seven feet tall. In this respeot be muBt compare favorably with any of (he hotel bills. AgainBt the Rnles.—First Hod Carrier : "Whatdid the Wilkin' Diligatefine ye for Mike?" Second Ditto : " For comic' down the ladder two rounds bX a time." 