In Memoriam. My Dainask Rose, I h id a, rose— a blood-red rose, hi childhood's d;iys long past. And all my childish hopes and fears About that rose were cast. I thought that radiant fairies dwelt Within its glowing heart, And daily glorious visions grew Of my youug life a part. I loved my rose ! I watched my rose ! Each hope was centred there. I longed to see its leaves unclose And lay its splendours bare. Oh oft, a dreamy, lonely child, I knelt with ardent eyes Beside my rose, with heart throbs wild To see the fairies rise. I called to them, with cries that rent My heart, though soft their tone : The fond days passed, the long hours went. And still I was alone ! Then came a day of wild despair, When every hope was slain. My rose had ope'd — its heart lay bart — My own was cleft in twain ! There, where I dreamt bright furies slept , Awaiting my fond call, A canker lay, a canker grew, A canker — that was all ! Ah, life's a rose — a. damask rose. And round its petals fair We weave our dreams, each visicn grows, The heart's best hopes are tbeie. One day the cankered heart is tared ; Hope sees ! then sinks and die?. Years come and go unknown, ur.cared. Uuseen by tear-dimmed eyes. \ Like ghosts' we glide, with ghosts leside : ] Drear ghosts Time lays no more. The ghosts of dreams, Time's ruthless tide j Hath wrecked and cast ashore. Oh, rose of life I Oh, blood-red lose .' ] Thou hold'st no beauteous fay. j When all thy long- watched leaves unclose. ] Hope leans — to find ueoay ! j Oh, rose of life ! Oh. cruel rose ! I Oh, rose with cankered heart ! 1 All, blest, whom Death's soft anus eiiclos.' j Ere falls the leaves apart. j G. M. V, K. Foreign Visitor (lauding at Sew York, 1893; : ' 1 j wish to go to the World's Fair.' Policeman : ' x es, j sir. Go five squares north, then turn to the left and 1 1000 miles west.' ] A newspaper editor says : ' We have received a j notice of marriage for insertion to which tras ay- 1 pended the original announcement, ' Sweetheart* :'' j a distance will please accept this intimation.' ' j 