WIT AND HUMOUR. "IT'S a solemn thing, young man," said the broken-hearted father,'" to come into the home of an old man and take away his only daughter, the light of his household, and the prop and solace of his declining years. But yon have my blessing, and I wish you every joy and- " ' But I won't take her away, sir," interrupted the young man, inexpres sibly affected. '" We'il both stay here." . JouN, I wish you wouldn't go to balls and parties; it is very bad indeed." "Father, didn't you and mother go to balls and parties, when you were young ?". " Yes, my son, but we have seen the folly of it." "Well, I want to see the folly of it, too, father." GuEst: "I say, landlord, your food is worse than it was last year 1" Landlord : "Impossible, sir I" "You are married now, Mr Gazley," said a life-insurance agent to a newly-made Benedict, "and you really ought to take out a policy on your life."-"Gracious!" replied Gazley, frightened, "is it likely to prove fatal?" Two tramps, one.of them a young man, the other well advanced in life, had just left a house where they had been supplied with a bountiful dinner. "I say, Bill," queried the younger of the two, "where do you s'pose we'll get our supper ?"-The old tramp turned on him in disgust : ' Here you've just had your :dinner;" he said, "and you begin to wonder where you'll get supper. If that's the kind of disposition you've got, young feller, you had better quit the profession and go to work." "Yes," said the merchant, "I always mark the most expensive of my goods as 'sold' during the holiday season. Then when women read the signs it makes them crazy to have the same article, and they are so disappointed that I finally promise to try and get them another-which, of course, I have no trouble in doing. Oh, it's a great scheme, I tell you, and never fails." LAsBO AIrTAToR : "My friend, are you not in favour of the eight-hour move ment ?"-Abe Lazy (the tramp) : "Move ment ! who ever heard of me bein' in favour of any kind of movement ?" LITTLE Tommy was having his hair combed by his mother, and he grumbled at the operation. " Why, Tommy, you oughtn't to make such a fuss. I don't, when my hair is combed?'-" Yes, but your hair ain't hitched to your head." SCENE (deck of steamer, which is passing through the Sound of Mull). English tourist (to German do.): " You seem to have been greatly benefited by your sea voyage." -German tourist: "Vell, mine vrendt, you vos see I had been bedder as good as firsdrade; budt ven I vos leave home, ocls ! I heed so bat, all der doctors in the vorldt .couldt do me no harm!" A PROBLEI.-" Papa."-" Well ?"-"Do cardinals dare to wear their red hats in the presence of a papal bull ?" IaTHER STRANGE.-" I'm surprised at the noise that Nia"ara makes."-" Why P" -" You'd think tsere was enough water there to drown the sound." "VE must begin and cut down our expenses, Jakey.',-" Vat for, fadder? Pizness is goot."--" Yah, Jakey. And ve must make it a leetle petter !" A REASONABLE RQUEST.--"What can I do to induce you to go to bed now P" asked a fond mnamma of her five-year-old boy.-" You can let me sit up a little longer," was the youngster's reply. \- WFWAT is the matter, landlord ? You seem greatly upset."-" And for a very good reason, sir ! In the ruins you have just been shown over there was a ghost that brought us a crowd of sight-seers." s- Well ?'--" Why, he has just given me notice to quit at the quarter's end!" "I DON'T think much of that feller Brown .you introduced me to the other night"--"You are very candid. Why do you dislike him ?"-" Oh, you can argue with him all day long, and you can't con vince him of. the: simplest point. .He makes me sick."-" Makes you sick ? All, yes, I see. In other words he disagrees with you." A.UMrans (meeting his 'old pSrqfessor, after greetings) : "1'm glad to hear, Pro fessor, that you are going to lecture in our town on your favourite oldtime topic.''" Professor: "Yes, yes. But. I have divested it of technicalitics-in fact, recast it-so that it will reach all persons of very limited acquirements. Hope to see you there." .Porrous Highland Laird (to strange policeman, who has dared to pass the great man without touching his hat) : " A constable ought to be the very pink of politeness, and should touch his hat to his superior. Iam the Mactartan of Mactartan, and all these mountains belong tome, sir." -Policeman : They're, nae in my beat, though." - . .1 . AnvICE. SHEne's a piece of advice To put in your casket-. That is, never be foolish Enough to. ask it. 'FO-NTENELLE, when ninety 'years old, passed before Mime: Helvetius without per-, ceiving her. "Ali!" criedthe'old' lady; "that is your: gallantry, then? To pass before no without even looking at "me!" "If I had looked at you, madame," replied the old beau, "I could never have passed you at al" . .. AsMELLIN;, the banker, a notorious miser, entered the office, and very carefully went through all the work done. by his youngest clerk. He was perfectly satisfied, and said to the young man: "What salary do you get from my firm ?"-" Up to the present, nothing, signor."-" Very good. From the first.ofnext month I will see that it is doubled. :: .. "TRHAT fellow,' .Hall, ought to be banished from polite society he's a perfect booby."-" How so, Mr Touchey i"-" You remember that'bona mo I maide at dinner ?" \- Yes."-" Well, he was ill-mannered enough to ask if it was original with me. That shows how unsophisticated he is.'" "Yes, nobody but an ignoramus could have thought you were Sidney Smith." HOw HE CAME BY HIS NASE.-There is a man in Washington who has a most uncommon name,.and a newspaper in the city tells how he came by it. His mother was on the look-out 'for something original, and one day, before his christening, she noticed on the door of a building the word "Nosmo." This struck her fancy. Now for a midile name! Later, coming along by the same building, she saw on the door the name " King." Ah, this was what she wanted! "'Nosmo ring Jones' he shall be!" she said; and he was christened so. On the way home from the church she passed the same building again. The doors were all shut, asud, behold, those with the names on them which she had selected had on them now, not" Nosmo King," but "' No Smoking !" and her heart was broken, A CETAls doctor who was noted for a keen eye to business was driving along the street of a country town when his horse took fright and ran away. lie was thrown violently out of his trap andrenderedsenseless. Presently he recovered a little from his unronsciousness, and, noticing the crowd which had gathered about him, asked," What's the matter, gentle men! Anybody hurt! I am Dr B. Can I be of any servicec A Poomn Irishman had a little shoemaker's shop where for many yearshe plied his trade, earning an honest living. One day he was amused to see on the opposite side of the street a sign which read," Mons. Lafarge, shoemaker, just from Paris." He was very indlignant, and felt that monsieur was poach ing on his grondsnl. The next day he came out with a sign which read," Pat Connolly, shoemaker-never saw Paris, but defies com petition." 