\- THE STORY TELLER. THE HISHT SOEI,' & ROMANO J5 OF THE SHIRES. — by MRS. EDWARD KENNARD. CHAPTER XVIII. — At Me. Phipps's Y aht»- 0n Tuesday afternoon at the appointed hour the two girls, accompanied by Stirrup and pre ceded by Grisette, drove up to Mr. Phipps's door. There, although the church clock was only just chiming three, they found Colonel Clinker awaiting their arrival. "Well done!" he exclaimed cheerily, "how famously punctual we all are !" "Have we kept you long ?' asked Kate. "Is ot au instant ; I have but this miuute arrived. And now we had better adjourn to the yard, where I believe Phipps already is." Upon which be handed them out of the phaeton, and led the way. Mr. Phipps was engaged in a critical and depreciatory examina tion of Grisette, who, in justice it might be owned, looked uncommonly well. She had re covered from her recent exertions in the hunt ing-field, and was fit and fresh, added to which (on a hint from Colonel Clinker of her probable departure) Stirrup had carefully fed her with plentiful bran mashes the last few days. " This, I presume, is the mare you, spoke to me about," said Mr. PhippB to Colonel Clinker, revolving the toothpick he invariably carried in ius mouth from cue side to the other, and d'jifiug his hat to the lac&S.; He was a large, square-built man, with sandy fuir, fresh complexion, and light brown eyes. He would have passed as good-looking had it not been for his teeth, which were discoloured and straggly, like the broken-down lichen- covered stumps of park palings, with consider able intervals between them, which caught the eye and fascinated it, as a serpent fascinates a bird, each time he entered into conversation. His voice was deep, his delivery slow and . momentous, producing au impression of superior knowledge on the nnaccustomed listener, while every now and again an old twinkle appeared in his humorous eyes, which proved catching iu the extreme, and formed a Curious contrast to the general staid gravity of his demeanour. Mr. Phipps had begun life as Gtable-helper, and had risen to the position he oow occupied through natural taleut. He was not ashamed of his origin, and in fact frequently alluded to it, holding up his career as au en couragement to yonng men starting in life without rnorey or friends. " It's the compe tition as does us now-a-days," he was won't to Bay, '' and the bad- plucked una give iu directly. Success is like a stone wall. You may take a 'ammer and a long nail, and try to drive the nail 'ome. Well! most people gets disheartened after a very few attempts, but if you go on F&mmer;, 'ammer, not all day but every day, you cud by making your mark upon that stone wall, ard doing pretty well what you please with it. Perseverance and pluck together will always gain the victory in the long run, but bless my 'eart alive, these young sparks is in too fnuch of a 'urry. They don't know 'ow to wait, and wait, and wait, maybe for years, and yet keep up their pecker all the time." From which observations it may be gathered Mr. Phipps was a remarkable man in his way. He now drew in his toothpick with an action of caressing suction, and remarked once more— " So this is the mare, Colonel, eh?" " Yes, Phipps, this is the animal I told you Miss Browser wished to part with." "Humph!" and the ejaculation, delivered fa Mr. Phipps's peculiar intonation, made Kate who stood by listening, think more meanly of her property than she had ever done before, euch volumes of disparagement did it seem to imply. " I'm not surprised at Miss Browser's wanting to get rid of 'er. An outsider, mow, might probably consider 'er a decent-looking quadruped, but she's terrible light in the barrel, taking into account as how we are only at t he commencement of the season iastead of near the end. She don't appear much like 'ard work. Whether they can stand hunting or not makes but little odds to me, you may eay, once the 'osses is sold. Very true, I fcnawer, but then they must 9a-ee the appear ance, even if like ourselves they sometimes turn out deceptions in the end. Now, from the looks of 'er, I'd lay a pony to a shilling that snare's a bad feeder." "Come, come, Phipps. Don't begin by crabbing, or we shall never get to business," interrupted Colonel Clinker, knowing well the man with whom he had to deal, and his pre vailing rhetorical weaknesses. " You are just as well aware as I am that the heavy-carcased beasts are not always those who get along the best, and that a gross feeder is far more liable to come to grief in his wind and a variety of different ways than- a moderate one. A big body with inadequate timber is a thing to be carefully avoided. I'd much sooner have the ieau frame on good understandings, and the mare has capi'al iegs of her own, as clean as a four-year-old'. The fact of the matter is, however, as 1 told you on Sunday morning, that she proves a little too much for Miss Browser, and pulfe rather more than is pleasant for a They are not all Mrs. Forresters, you know, Phipps." . J "Ah, no ! Wonderful woman, that," stick ing his hands in his pockets. "Knows as much about the ins and outs of a stable as I do myself." "Which is saying a good deal. Now this mare of Miss Brewser's would be the very thing for some of your hard-riding young customers. She goes a .good pace, as I can testify, and does not kno w what it is to turn her head. Both very desirable qualities, not to be met with every day." 44 That's true enough, Colonel," said Mr. Phipps, proceeding to feel Grisette's back sinews with professional severity, " I see she's got a windgall or two." "Mere nothings that will soon pass away. Yon don't often find a seasoned hunter with out them." " Nothings when you're selling, somethings when you're buying," observed Mr. Phipps, with the twinkle before alluded to lighting up his piercing brown eyes. "Buyers and sellers are apt to examine objects from a different point of view." " Now, Phipps, you're far. too sharp for me to argue with. Before we waste any mote time on preliminaries, suppose you show us the brown horse instead — Sir Richard you call him, do you not?" " Yes, Colonel, that's 'is name. A good name for a good 'oss, says I." - "And quite right, too. Well, we'll go and have a look at him, and see if he takes Miss Browser's fancy or not. She is the person to decide." . " By all means," said Mr. Phipps with more alacrity than he had hitherto displayed, usher ing them into a roomy loosebox, piled up high with yellow straw in evident anticipation of intending visitors. "Here, Tom," calling to his principal aide-de-camp, "come and take Sir Richard's clothing off." The man did as he was told, and in another minute the horse stood whisking his tail, lay ing back his ears, and catching at the manger after the manner of thoroughbred animals. Colonel Clinker's praise had not been over strained. Sir Richard was a beauty to look at, standing close upon sixteen hands, on good short legs, dark brown in colour, with a lean intelligent head, tapering ears, flexible neck, and a compact well-put-together frame. " There !" said Mr. Phipps with an air of assumed indifference, though he kept his eye rivetted on Colonel Clinker's countenance, trying to read every passing expression de picted thereon. "There! You don't often see a better-looking 'oss than that, though I sayB it as shouldn't." "Yes, he's a tidy animal," reDlied the other in tones of corresponding sang froid, " I should rather thiuk he teas," responded Mr. Phipps vivaciously. " There's not much fault to be found, I take it, even by so good a j uage of 'ossflesh as Colonel Clinker. A 'ole's not easy to pick in Sir Richard." " Haudsome is as handsome does," was the phlegmatic rejoinder. " I'm afraid of 'im. He knows 'ts business. There's some pleasure in showing a good 'oss to a man like you, Colonel," as can rightly appre ciate 'im. Why, bless you ! 'arf the people who come here know no more about a 'unter," and Mr. Phipps's voice was filled with unutter able contempt, " than they do about the man in the moon. It's like casting your pearls afore swine. Now I'll tell you what 'appened to me the other day, Colonel. A party arrived who I had done various business transactions with." " 'Mr. Phipps,' 6ez he, 4 I want a good 'oss. " " Very well, sir,' sez I, 'I'll do my best to serve you.' " "He likes a bit of blood, sol showed him a thoroughbred bay mare as stand in the third box- from here." "'No. no, Phippsj that won't do,1, he sez, afore ever the man could take her clothing off. 'Too underbred altogether, and don't show- enough quality.' " '"She's in the stud book,' answers I, as quickly as possible, ' and 'as not even a stain on 'er pedigree.' " " Lor, Colonel ! you should have seen 'is face ! I never saw a man look so small in all my born days." " " 'She aint my class, Phipps,' sez he, turning as red as a turkey-cock, and scuttling out into , the yard." " ' Very welt, sir, sez I, as cool as a cucumber, ' that's a -different thing altogether.' " " I ask you now, Colonel, what is the good of showing a gentleman like 'im a decent 'oss ? He don't know one when he sees it. There's nothing dis'eartens a dealer bo much and puts 'im so out of conceit with his profession as the ignorance of his customers. It's harder to bear than anything else, and yet he dare not say a word to enlighten 'em for fear of getting into their bad books." " It must be very trying certainly," said the Colonel sympathetically, fully entering into Mr. Phipps's grievances, and the gentleman you refer to, instead of baying hunters, ought to be relegated to the nursery." He had meanwhile scrutinised Sir Richard from top to toe, felt his legs, picked up his feet, punched his sides, examined both eyes, and peered into his open mouth. Then finding Mr. Phipps's assertions were correct, and that there was indeed little -room lest for criticism, he said : " Let's have the horse out, Phipps, and see how he moves." A saddle and bridle were immediately pro duced, and Sir Richard, when all the prepara tions were complete, was led forth and mounted by the head man, who proceeded to ride him up and down the yard severel times. " Good action, Colonel, isn't it?" said Mr. Phipps, endeavouring to extract a few words of commendation from so wary a customer. "Moves true all round, and gets over the ground without any trouble to hisseUF." ".He bends his hocks well under him, certainly,' admitted the Hoable. Jack, not to be ensqarediuto aPy active approbation, " but," qualif fidg even this meed of praise, "he goes very close, much closer than I like to see.", "That don't signify so long as -they don't t brush,- and III guarantee he never hits those 'legs of his, . But wilt till "you see fm jump. A finer fencer never looked through a bridle, 1 nor a cleaner, clever one. 'O wsomever, if you | «oa t fancy 'im there's plenty as wilL He'll | not be oh m y bands long. A 'oss Lke thai won't stind idle for very many days. He'll sell, and what's more, sell well. There's Miss Palliser, for instance, who is oq the look-out for.au animal good enough to win a steeplechase. She'd buy 'im Like a shot if you don't take 'im. He'd suit Miss Palliser down to the ground, for he's quiet and, yet 'igh-couraged, just the sort she likes ; and what's more he's a good stout 'oss, and as fast as greased lightning.' Put 'ini back, Tom. You can put him back,"- waving to the man to stop. " No good knocking 'im about if j be don t take the Colonel's eye," he added with au air of injured innocence. Now Mr. Phipps knew as well as possible that S r Richard did take the Colonel's eye, but be was a diplomatist, who thoroughly understood the disadvantage of making his wares appear too .cheap. Tom, on his side, intimately acquainted with his master's various tactics, immediately made a great show of dismounting, preparatory to taking the horse back into his stable again. "Stop a bit, don't be in such a hurrv," inter posed the Colonel, who was far too old a hand to keep pace with every move of the game. Pll just throw my leg over him and see what sort of a feel he gives you." "As you like, Colonel," returned Mr. PhippB wth a renewed assumption of indifference, his object being now attained. "It's all one to me. Take im or leave 'im as you please. A good 'oss can always fetch his price." "So Miss Palliser' 8 thinking of buying' Sir Richard, is she ?" said Colonel Clinker, while the stirrups were being lengthened to his satis faction. Most likely. She's notseeu 'im yet, though. I gave you the refusal, Colonel." Ah, yes, to he sure Very good of you, Phipps." "Do you like the horse?'' whispered Kate, coming up and patting Sir Richard's neck. 11 Very much indeed. But if we appear too keen Phipps will open his mouth. He's a knowing custodier, not easily bested." " So t should imagine." I should have been utterly annihilated without your help. Mr. Phipps would soon have crushed me into silence." „ ".One must oppose these sort of people With their own weapons ; never a very easy task for a lady, even under the most favourable circum stances. But. Phipps is not half a bad fellow in his way, once you get over his little pecularities of manner. He's shrewd, thought at the same time wonderfully kindhearted, and I feel quite sure he would not sell yon a had horse. He always prides himself on his customers coming back again, and what's more they generally do. A clever dealer's chief talent consists in know ing exactly how and where to place his goods, to which end it is necessary he should possess a keen insight into human nature, and an intimate acquaintance with its foibleB. Phipps stands preeminent in these respects, and there fore seldom makes a faux pas.'1 " I shall get quite learned before long. Able to set up au establishment of my own," said Kate playfully. 44 Will you come and he my head man ?" 4 4 Head man, rough-rider, stable-boy, any thing you please," he answered ; then as he rode away he said carelessly to Mr. Phipps, 4 4 As Miss Palliser never gives much for h9r horses, I presume you're not asking a long price, Phipps." 4i Two hundred, Colonel," replied Mr. Phipps, feeling at last the negotiations were in fair way of being entered upon. 44 He's worth that any day." 44 H'm, two hundred is a goodish sum for a thirteen- stone hunter." "Do you think so, Colonel? Why look at that there 'oss The Swell, as fetched four fifty at Tattersall's last week. He aint half so good an animal as Sir Richard, and eight year old' into the bargain. 'Osses is terrible dear just now." 44 I've never seen them otherwise when one was on the buy."- ; 44 Now, Colonel, I appeal to you," said Mr. Phipps, roused to a sudden display of virtnous indignation assumed for the occasion. " Can yon expect to find perfect manners, good looks, igh courage, and sweet temper all combined without having to pay suminat for them ?" "Let 'us go into the field," said Colonel. Clinker, 44 Miss Brewser will probably like to 6ee Sir Richard jump one or two of those break neck fences of yours." 44 Yes, indeed, I should very much," said Kate. Whereupon Mr. Phipps threw open a gate at the back of the yard, which led into a fair- sized paddock, where a flight of bushed-up hurdles, a low rail, and a couple of small arti ficial fences were supposed to test the powers of the animals about to be purchased. " I see you've not made them any bigger . since last winter," said Colonel Clinker with a smile. 44 You don't want your customers' to come to grief?" "They're big enough Colonel as it is— too big for some of 'em. Now just you take Sir Richard, and pop him over one after the other." Thus adjured. Colonel Clinker did as he was told. Sic Richard was evidently no novice, and knew quite well what was expected of him; still in his case familarity did not breed con tempt. He loved jumping (dearly for his own : sake, and cocked his small ears and went rgso . lately at each obstacle in succession, springing over them like a stag. Then when brought to a standstill, he stood arching his -neck with gleeful impatience, while the crimson linings of his distended nostrils stood out in striking con trast to the rich tan muzzle, and the swelling veins seemed suddenly to have leapt into life. 44 Lor bless you, Miss 1" exclaimed oldStirrup, who had been edging nearer and nearer to Kate, 44 he can jump, and no mistake. Beau tiful." 44 Jump!" repeated Mr. PhippB in his most superior manner, and with an elevation of the eyebrow which seemed to express surprise at the tardiness of the other's discovery, 4 '-did I not tell you he could jump from tha first, only none of you believed what I said ? Jump, in deed ! Why, that there oss would carry your young lady hke a bird. Nobody would touch W" "Ed's a nice 'oss," said the. unsophisticated Stirrup in reply; Meantime the Honble. Jack was putting Sir Richard through ail his paces, and the horse seemed to take a pleasure iu yielding to . the delicate tonch that directed him as with a silken thread, strongly yet lightly, q . Mr. Phipps stood by, chewing his tpothpick, in silent admiration. He was a devoted follower of the Colonel, whose good horseman ship had many times gained him various sums on the turf, ' 44 You don't often come across such a rider, he remarked in confidence to Kate, who also was watching the Honble. Jack's movements. 44 Have you ever seen 'im ride a race ?" 41 No," as she shook her head in dissent. 44 Weil, I tell you it's the prettiest sight in the world. He never takes a yard more out of his 'oss than is necessary, but Just comes in the last few strides, and wins on the post as cool as a cucumber. For my part, I'd rather see 'im up than two thirds of the perfessional jockeys. He's got a style about his riding, and a finish, Luot ona man in ten thousand ever attains to." ' She smiled at Mr. Phipps in such a friendly way that that gentleman, who was by no means insensible. to feminine fascinations, grew still more discorsive. She allowed him to ramble oil at his will. He had apparently hit upon a congenial topic of conversation. She liked to hear Colonel Clinker's praises sung, and even a long recital of some famous exploit he had performed months ago at Kemp ton Park failed to weary her or prove too great a tax on her attention. Mr. Phipps, on his side, discovered that those big grey eyes had a charming way of looking at him, and the ex pressive face ot smiling, pleasantly. He even went so far as to contemplate whether, under Sressure, he miht not be induced to knock ve pounds off the handsome profit he contem plated making. His meditations on this point reached no very definite conclusions, being disturbed by the return of Colonel Clinker, who, throwing the reins on Sir Richard's neck, and lightly vaulting to the ground, whispered in Kate's ear : 44 Hell do. He's a real nice horse, with easy paces and good mouth, and he gives you a wonderful feel over his fences. I really think he's worth the money Phipps is asking. But, of course, you are the person to decide. Now supposing Phipps could be induced to spring a hundred for Grisette, the question is would you let her go at that price ?" He did not wish to influence her actions in any way, feeling a certain delicacy in doing so. Nevertheless it was a relief to him when she answered without hesitation . 44 Yes, I would. She cost two hundred and thirty, but I don't expect to get anything like what I gave ; besides," looking up at him with a frank smile, 44 1 have such perfect confidence in your knowledge of horseflesh that I should feel qnite satisfied at any arrangement you choose to make." He would not have been man, with man's store of vanity and human weakness, had he not felt flattered by tbe naive defference con tained in this speech, had not the womanly trust it displayed appealed to his self-esteem. 44 You are very kind," he said, 44 but you ought to ride the horse yourself before coming to any final decision." 44 I'm afraid I can't in my present crippled condition," she replied. 44 Ah ! how stupid of me ; I was quite for getting. 44 Not at all. Since you have ridden Sir Richard, and pronounce a favourable verdict, I am content to accept -it without reserve. What would my humble opinion be compared to yours And as the liquid eyes looked up at him they sent a thrill of pleasure to his heart. 44 You may be quite certain that in making any bargain, Miss Browser, I shall do my utmost to promote your interest in every way." 44 1 feel sure of it. I can't think why you should be so good to a helpless young woman like myself." - She hated the words when she had spoken them, for they recalled that possible object which, she strove so hard to keep in the back ground, and which his presence dissipated like smoke in the air. But he, not knowing all her thoughts, allowed the gratification he ex perienced to appear in his face. The cool wintry sun cast a last flickering ray on the honest features, the fair hair, and drooping moustache as he stood close to her side while they held this short and whispered colloquy, " Then you commission me to make the best bargain lean, subject to a trial with hounds ?" he said, in the tone of a man asking for final instructions. 44 1 commission you to do whatever you think best. There ! I can't say more, can I ? So now to business." 44 Air. Phipps," said Colonel Clinker, ad dressing that gentleman, who had stood aloof, though a keen observer of what passed, 44 Miss Brewser wishes to see if we can do a deal together." "Certainly," said he. Whereupon the whole party promptly retired into an inner sanctum, where all transactions were defi nitely concluded, and within whose four walls many a sale had been effected, many a horse changed hands. Mr. Phipps, detaching ' a key from among a bunch he produced from his trousers pocket, now unlocked the door of a cupboard, and as a preliminary brought forth a eoupie of black bottles, a decanter of sherry, and half a dozen wine glasses.' 4 4 Now," said the Colonel straightforwardly, 44 there's no use taking up your time, Phipps, in beating about the bush, Miss Brewser likes Sir Richard. The question is, what would you „be prepared to allow in exchange for the grey ?" | Mr. Phipps stretched his legs out under the table, subsided in his chair, and appeared ab sorbed in the most abstruse calculations. "Well, really Colonel," he replied after a considerable pause 44 that's a most difficult question to answer, and one requiring a deal of thought. Would it not be better for Miss Brewser to tell vie what price she puts upon the mare ? It would dear the way, so to speak, and make it easier for both parties to come to an agreement." 44 She cost two hundred and thirty," said Kate, giving no direct reply in answer to his appeal. 44 Ah! that may bo easy enough. But the thing to consider is not what she cost, but what she's tcorth " Well, well, Phipps, it's for you to make some sort of proposition," interrupted Colonel Clinker. 44 The mare's rising seven, sound, and a likely nag, as you have had the oppor tunity of ascertaining." 44 Would not do more than carry a boy of fourteen," objected he muBingly. 4 4 Nonsense, Phipps. She'll oarry the larger half of your customers, Pll be bound." 44 What, combined, Colonel. She would be a good un to do that." 44 No, aeparately of course. Come, now, Phipps, we're wasting time, and since you don't seem disposed to make any offer on your side, I must do it on mine. If you like to allow Miss Browser a hundred for the grey mare, she'll send you a cheque for tbe remaining hundred to-morrow morning. What say you to the bargain ?" Once more Mr. Phipps allowed the gravity of his decisions to be felt by a prolonged eilenoe. Then he shrngged hie shoulders, shook his head, and said deliberately — " I could not doit, Colonel, could not do it anyhow. My expenses would not even be paid, let alone any profit- . " Come, come, Phipps ! Old friends like you and I don't want to make a big profit out of each other. We've done one another too many good turns for that." The stern expression of Mr. Phipps's face softened. 4.4 Ah, Colonel !" he said relenting, 44 you're a terrible hand at getting round a fellow's weak Bide. 44 And a very good thing too. If we didn't occasionally find our tender spots and keep them fresh and green, why, Phipps, most of us would be as hard'as brickbats. There's nothing like doing a kindly action now and then for softening human nature ; so, Phipps, you let Miss Browser have Sir Richard?" He got up and held out his hand, which the other wrung in cordial appreciation. \- 44 Very well. Colonel," he said, 44 I'd do any- thing to oblige you, though this is not bu " We'U caU it friendship then, instead," said the Honble. J ack with a pleasant smile as thev left the room. Good-bye, Phippsj? . " Mr- Phip " said Kate, putting little palm m his. 44 Thank you verv much and I'll try and do your horse credit." " And then they went out into the street, and Mr. Phipps stood watching their retreating forms. ® 44 Phipps, my boy," said he to himself, 44 this won't do ; theperfession will suffer ifyou allow your feelings to get tho better of you in this sort of way. You ought to have stuck out for another pony at least. But lor! that there Colonel is such a pleasant-spoken chap, he twists one round his little finger. That's a nice girl, too, that Miss Browser, and it strikes me the Colonel is deuced sweet upon her. Well, hs pjjght do worse, he might do worse ;" with winch reflection Mr. Phipps went off to take tea with his better half injfie back-parlour. CHAPTER XIX. — J EA.LOU3 Riding. In ten days from the time of her visit to Mr Phipps s establishment Kate was sufficiently recovered from the effects of Grisette's mis demeanours to he m a saddle again. She startei. modestly, merely intending to ride abou? quietly, and keep to the roads and the gates while Mr. M4Grath, ever ready for an excusi which banished jumping from the programme, willingly offered his services as escort, ana besides proving himself a most cheerful and entertaining companion, displayed the greatest consideration towarl3 the young lady thug placed under his protecting wing. He amused Kate vastly by pointing out in his comical way various members of the Hunt, on whom he kept up a regular fire of running commentary, des cribing with .much humour and acumen the in« diyiunal-pevjuliarities of each one in torn. .Do. you see that man standing close to von on a handsome bay horse ?" he a?ked, indi cating the personage in question with an airy Tia70Ohis-arf '' ?e'8 the Honourable Alfred Charrington, the head of the lardy dardy no-man-like-self division. Well, for three whole years did the Houble. Alfred and I meet continually in the hunting field, while for three whole years did he honour me with a super cilious stare. Now there are few things more irritating to a fellow's vanity than to be calmly ignored. Argument, disagreement, even inso lence, are each in their way easier to bear thar that species of lofty indifference intended U convey a sensation of inferiority, and of be longing to a lower class of brings altogether. If gives the feeling of there being something tvrong about you, without your exactly knowing what. Such were the terms on which we stood, when bedad, one fine day, greatly to my astonishment, aB you may imagine, what doea my gentleman do, after looking over his left shoulder and squinting at me out of his little cock eye, but favour me to a nod, whose mix ture of patronage and condescension was truly beautiful to behold, and say, 4 How do, M'Grath? He had apparently become con scious of my presence at last, and took thir early opportunity of recognising the fact. Faith, Miss Brewser ! it made' the very blood boil in my veins. You see I had got used to being a nobody in the Honourable Alfred's estimation, and any change came too much as a surprise to be appreciated. Shall I tell you what I did ? I was determined oh having my revenge. Every dog has his day, and mine had come at last. I looked him up and down with a istony gaze which took in every detail from the crown of his shining chimney-pot to the soles of his faultless boots— dash him, he has the best varnish in the oountry— and I said with the utmost severity at my command, 4 Sir, it has taken yon three years to make up youx mind whether you would deign to know me ox not; it will not take me three minutes to decline the honour of your acquaintanceship j whereupon I stared him straight in the feci and then rode away. Gad, Miss Brewser!" and Terry laughed heartily at the .remembranci of his adversary's discomfiture, 44 you novel saw a man look so dumfou&dered; in all youx ' born days.- He was that astonished he could 1 not frnd a single word in reply." "I don't wonder," said Kate. "Such ah answer was enough to take any one's breath - away. Bat what an idiot the m an must be !" '"He only possesses the besetting sin of a good many of our neighbours about here." 4 4 And what might that be?" 44 Thinks too much of himself and too little of others. A very common failing, especially among. people of narrow intellect and large vanity." 44 He ought to be a warning to us all, then, not to be over self-satisfied. Don't you ttw'nW some folks are put into the world solely to - fill a role of determent? There are moral scavengers just as there are ornithological ones. The vulture is a bird of bad repute, out never theless he fills his place in the eeonomy of nature, and perhaps Mr. Charrington was born as an example, which most of us should avoid rather than imitate, I don't express my self clearly, though I know quite wen what I mean." 44 You express yourself quite well enough for me tounaerstand. It never struck me in that light before, and 'pen my soul Fm not sure but what you are right. If I accept the Honble. Alfred as a warning, I can look at him with far more charitable feeftmgsthan I do at present. Poor fellow ! after all, according ti you, he is hut a social scarecrow, fitted tt frighten all the human crows away. Hal ba ! That's a capital Idea, and tickles mi immensely." Surely it was lucky for die Honble. Alfred Charrington that be did not catch the con versation, or_ it is possible that even hie equanimity might have been disturbed, and the calm waters of self-satisfaction in which hie soul lay steeped be stirred from their tranquil depths by the keen blast of ridicule sweeping over them. Would it have been an act of loud ness to have torn down the delusions so lm| entertained, to have laid bare and exposed the shallowness of the crumbling soil on which they were raised and carefully nurtured by petty egotism ? Who can eayf Even ths pruning- knife is ard to cut too deeply, and kill the old tree with its good and' its had to gether, instead of promoting a saw growth and : fresh flourishing blossoms. Theold trsemay be gnarled andtwiBted decayed, covered with parasite ; it may shut cut the light of 1 be sun. hide the blue skies, and cumber the earth ; but ' when removed al together is it not apt to maka its absence felt and the vmyob|ect wehaveao long grumbled at to leave a blank jm disap pearing ? - Some auch thoughts flitted through Katel mind &b; she . looked at the gentleman on the handsome bay; but her speculations were quickly ended by Mr. McGr&th; exclaiming— 44 But here comes another of our local celebrities," as a big, burly, Inroad-shouldered man of about five-and-forty, square featured, cleanshaven, and keen-eyed, mounted on a huge weight-carrying hunter, ro<te !>y. 44 1 want you to take special notice of lumpecausa he is said to be the finest welter-weight in Great Britain. If you are quite sure you are not bored, Miss Brewser, gad I but I can toll you a good story about him too." Whereupon Mr. McGhrath commenced another piquant anecdote. prril-flkTQured with -Tibernianwit. - When it came t an end Kate aid; 44 Ah, Mr. McGrath . Mrs. Forrester, was I rf|htiwheu she- toldine what ah agreeable com- . oanion yriu were, and I have .enjoyed both your Sonveraation httAybursoqiety imm wisely.'' - She felt nO difficalty in pr&isiog; Mr. M'Grat h cohis faoe. , He only inspired her with friendly interest; therefore -the swords came readily enough. There was no cause to consider them, to weigh their probable effect, or to fear, on one Bide giving offence, or on the other of appearing too forward and anxioua to please. She ex perienced no constraint in his presence, xte had no power to make her blush, or to send her heart beating like a sledge-hammer, and the first words that rose to her lips were merrily uttered, in pure ease and goodf ellow- here are some men who raise such friendly sentiments at first sight, yet it is a question whether they ever succeed in establishing any loftier feeling or wanner relationship. _ It is their fate to go through Me as the confidant, but never as the loved-. Kate felt herself in finitely brighter and more amusing in Mr. M'Grath's company than in Colouel Clinker s yet the briefest sentence from the lav tor, his slightest expression of approval or disapproval carried more weight than the whole torrent of Mr. M'Grath's conversation put together. Nevertheless the facetious little irishman con trived to keep her In a state of such perpetual merriment, that at last - she asserted her sides ached so unmercifully that the effects were infinitely worse than a hundred falls, and she really could endure them no longer. As the day wore onr her spirits roee. In spite of Stirrup's protestations she insisted in getting off her hack and having the side-saddle put on to Sir Richard, who had come out for the first time since he had been in the hands of his new proprietor. She declared herself no longer an invalid, and fully equal to encountering the fatigues of a run. , . < Stirrup, who ere now had discovered the futility of argument, especially when opposed to the fair sex. was forced to withdraw his objec tions and yield, though somewhat reluctantly, to his mistress's wishes. And as if to 1iew j, Kate for her sudden decision, she had hardly begun to make friend s withher new liorse before & joyous chorus of sound broke out. .from the midst of a small gorse-patch the hounds were drawing, and in another minute the whole pack ktr earned away close at the heels of a fine, white-tagged old fox, whereupon Kate, throw ing prudence to the winds, could not refrain from joining in the chase. A mile's gallop full tUt down a road running parallel with the hounds served still further to heighten her enthusiasm, so that when, at the first opportu nity, some of the foremost riders branched off into the open fields, where a vista of tolerably practicable fences held out a pleasing prospect, he followed suit. When she came to the first obstacle her caution had vanished, and Sir Richard swept over it so easily and so freely that indeed none appeared necessary. The ice once broken, she took everything that came in her way, until she began to find herself occupying quite a distinguished posi tion in the hunte and the brown had fairly established his reputation as a good fencer. Poor Miss Palliser, whose lucky star had not been in the ascendant lately, and whose fate appeared invariably that of chewing the hitter cud of mortification, from seeing a rivalhabit fluttering in advance, lost considerable ground at starting by the unfortunate banging -to of a gate, but now she was galloping like the wind in order to lessen the already diminishing dis tance between herself and1 that offending skirt, which constituted a regular eyesore in the green orbs of jealousy. She determinced once for all on besting this obnoxious adversary, and showing her conclusively the, absurdity and era is stupidity of attempting to compete with one ao facile princepa us herself. 44 Did you see how beautifully my horse jumped that last fence?'.' she remarked to Colonel Clinker, who happened to be within hail. He also had been delayed by the refusal of a young animal he was qualifying for a steeple chase certificate, and like Miss Palliser was intent on getting closer to hounds. . , I'm sorry to say I did -not," he returned satirically. 44 By some , extraordinary and greatiy-to-be-deplored accident, for one instant , my eye was withdrawn from you—a circum- ' stance that causes me much regret." ; 44 Indeed !" said she, not altogether easy as to 'he intention of this observation. "Really, Colonel Clinker, one never knows whether yon are m earnest or not." .... " Yery much in earnest, Miss Palliser." " Then," said she, with a smile of reassurance, "I feel extremely flattered by your good opinion. It is pleasant to find friends think well of one." " Would you like to heighten it still further ?" said he quietly. " Certainly," she replied, a little surprised at the request, and wondering what was coming next. She felt she could like Colonel Clinker very much indeed if only he were pi ways in the present amiable and complaisant mood. There had even existed moments in bygone years when she had contemplated the possibility of changing her maiden name for that of Clinker, but such dreams had gradually faded away, owing to the taciturn manner in which the gentleman was wont to receive her advances. Nevertheless, a compliment from him, however tardily uttered and laboriously extracted, came with double power to please, like long- sought- for honey rewarding the exertions of an industrious bee. " Certainly," she repeated, with a feeling of pleasing expectation stirring , the sluggish depths of her heart. " What can I do ?'' " W hy," said . he ruthlessly, " you can give that young lady in front of you a little more room at her fences, and not ride quite so horribly jealous." Poor thing ! The reaction was terribly severe, and in the first shock of- it she felt too surprise! 1 even for indignation. She drew in her breath "with a gasp that resembled the gurgle of a drowning man, and emitted the single mono syllable, " Oh !" " Yes," continued Colonel Clinker pointedly, for somehow or other he never coiify bring himself to regard Miss Palliser as a woman, and therefore felt little compunction in tramp ling on her feelings. " Yes, and what's more, I saw you just now, simply because Miss Brewser happened to be leading, ride on to her horse's very tail. If he had mpde the least peck or the ghost of a mistake at .the fence yon would have been on the top of him to a jertainty. It's deuced unfair, and if you call lhat riding I don't." During this speech the lady had partly re- tovered from the first stunning effects of the flow delivered, and both pride and temper now ame to her assistance. But the last straw iroke the camel's back. _When it became a uestion of riding , her riding, anger assumed the upper hand," and crushed all incipient senti- nent at its very birth. "Colonel Clinker," she said, or rather creamed, while her sallow complexion sud- lenly flamed into scarlet, and her small grey ves gleamed with a vicious expression, 41 1 beg tea veto state I have not honied all these years ri Huntiogshire for nothing. I flatter myself jt know how to ride at a fence as .well as most people, at least, such is the general opinion; and I don't require or anyone else to give me. Wsonsriow tobehaveAn the hunting-field. I contider you are wfls£-fhost— most imperil1 nent. ! She had began bravely, but her voice h?re died-away in -hysterical soba. Her mortifi cation was complete. Colonel Clinker bowed silently, and galloped on. .. , " Well, that was sharp and decisive, enough in aU conscience," he- said to himself. "La Palliser and I have fought- our first pitched battle, though many's the skirmish we have in dulged in. I'm afraid I was a little rude, but the rebuke will do no harm, and the way she jumps on people is really quite abominable." "What a fool Colonel Clinker is making of himself about that Miss Brewser," Miss Palliser remarked later on to her dear - friend Mrs. Paget. .. She had sense enough to keep their little en counter to herself, hut she could not refrain from launching a few venom-laden arrows by way of taking some revenge. " A fool P" said Mrs. Paget. " In what manner? I have seen nothing to justify such a remark on your part." "You're as blind as a hat, my dear," re turned Miss Palliser contemptuously. " I tell you the man's quite gone off his head. To so great an extent, indeed, that he can't speak with decent civility to anybody else." " I had a chat with him some little time ago, and he appeared much as nsnal." 44 You're a goose, and never could see a ; thing, even when it was going on under your very nose. My eyes are considerably sharper ; they can't hoodwink me in a hurry." " But, my dear Miss Palliser, who wahts to hoodwink you ? After all there would be noth ing so very wonderful even if Colonel - Clinker were to f all in - love 'with Miss Brewser. Rank united to. wealth is not an uncommon occurr ence. One sees it every day of one's Iife." " There I agree; hut don't talk of love, it's a perfect profanation to pall such calculating, mercenary transactions love. Colonel Clinker's no more in love with Miss Brewser than I am." 4 'Then his sentiments must be extremely lukewarm," said Mrs. Paget, who took a mild pleasure in nagging at her friend. " Not at all; mine are very much heated though, by dislike rather than affection. I think Mies Browser an odious, stuck-up, for- ward , fa si young woman; and as. for Colonel Clinker, any respect or regard I may once have entertained for him he has entirely forfeited," with which concluding observation she went home, galloping past K&te;, and bespattering her with mud without a word of apology. 44 Phew!" said Mrs. Paget, eyeing her re treating friend duhiously. 4 She's very crusty ! I wonder what's up now? It's a pity she got such an ungovernable temper, but one really never feelssure what she may say and do next." (to be continued.) 