A Woman of Fcrty. A Monograph. By Ebme Stuabt. Author of '.' Joan VeUacot,' ' Muriel's Marriage,' ' A Fair Damzell.' &c.; &c.; &c.; CHAPTER XVI. There has been a great deal written about the dual action of the brain, about conscious and unconscious . hypnotism, about the power of one person to adopt the nervous diseases of a fellow-creature, under special circumstances, and there is no doubt that this is an age of wonderful psychological discoveries, dis coveries which will open out an entirely new field of ihnneht. whjfih will tnndifv men's ideaR ahmit prime. and will revolutionise the ancient prejudices which once made our forefathers Settle matters of right and wrong in a delightful offhand manner that saved them an infinity of trouble. The time may indeed come when the still more ancient ideas of fairies and ' demons may be founel to be true ; and, further, we shall then discover that what iu men and women \- wa6 called inconsistent action was in truth the work of other separate natures which made up the whole, and that it was the supremacy of one of thete natures which fonned the apparent character; but that there must always be a chance of a sudden rising up of one of .the weaker or partially subdued elements.. By this it will be seen that man is in truth a battle-' field. Many are fighting for supremacy. The mystery which envelopes us is on the whole still a mystery, but now arid then we get glimpses of un \- realised possibilitiesof vast uncertainties. \- Some evil genii were mixing themselves up very much in Lady Mary's affairs this afternoon, or to she thought. In the first place, as she was. walking back softly towards the barge, wishing to see how things weie progressing, she unfortunately fell over a bidden root, and the cry of pain forced from her at once 'brought Magdalen and Brice to her help. That was * bad enough, for they had to help her up and stay with her till she was fairly out of pain ; but then who should appear but Frank and Frank's brother, who had taken them by surprise, from the steppes of liuEs'a. After that there' was nothing more to hope for, and she only trusted that the short interval \- alone which the lovers had enjoyed had sufficed for an understanding. ? - .- . - She would have given -a good deal to know for certain, but in the meanwhile the picnic proceeded happily ; the gentlemen entered into the spirit of the thing, whilst the two ladies sat down en soft Eastern rugs, and were waited upon. Lady Mary bad not a moment alone with Magdalen, hut ebe noticed that she was quiet, almost sad, and that half her mem - ' ment had: flown. 'This, however, might be a good eign. Captain Milton was a very amusing man, who had travelled much, and was a mine of good stories and anecdotes, so Magdalen's sadness was not observed. One sign, however, was very visible, and that was that Brice devoted himself to her, watched her least movement, and answered stray questions a little dc tort et de trovers. Lady Mary was hopeful. She knew Magdalen was not a woman to be won in a moment. She fancied progress was satisfactory. The evening, too, was pleasant and cheerful, and when the men came back to the drawing-room there was much to tell the returned traveller, and much to hear. Magdalen and Brice could thus talk apart without being conspicuous, and from her comer Lady Mary noted all this with pleasure. Later on, unfor tunately, the sky clouded over, the heat turned to a 'thunderstorm, and rain came down in sheets amidst the congratulations of the party for its having kept off so long. It was just like Mary's luck, her hueband said. It is impossible to have much private conversation in a room with only five persons in it ; but Brice watched his opportunity, and managed to say, under cover of Magdalen's music : , ? ' ' Magdalen, I must go to-morrow.' He dared not say more; but he. was forced to say-ibis. That previous conversation had been very unsatisfactory in spite of her last one relenting speech. Since that moment perhaps something of the por tentousness of the deed he was contemplating had come over Brice. He felt that he must be sure of Magdalen, certain of her feelings, before he dared outrage the feelings of one of the beEt families he knew. He hated society more than ever this evening ; he would have liked all kind of impossible things ; he would even have preferred to run away from every thing— almost from Magdalen and her enchantments, from the attraction of her every movement, the fas cination of her smile. . . . ^ She had apparently got over that soft influence by the time he had spoken the words, for quite heedless of him she went en playing the piano. When she spoke it was with a smile on her lips. 'Well?' ''What do you command?' he said, not knowing much hie own meaning. ' You forget I am a woman,' she said, under cover of her music, ' and you are a man. We were born to obey the lords of creation, I believe.' Brice was angry at her pretended playfulness. ' What nonsense ! sooner or later this must end . . . . . I must come back.' ' ' What for ? ' She struck a chord and looked up, not at him but at a picture opposite, representing someone's idea of the Blessed Damozel. That legend had never impressed Magdalen except as a poetical fancy: she preferred le Comte de Lisle's poems, with their new Buddhist tendencies and Oriental . philosophy ; or Shelley and Keats, with all their intense noetic charm of pure poetry. The Blessed Damozel waiting for her lover seemed too much like life itself , to be acceptable to the thought of an hereafter, if, as Magdalen said sometimes with a look of sadness, there was one. ~ ' For you, Magdalen,' he said, and stooping as if to turn the page of a music book, and by that means coming so near to her that he felt her warm breath upon his check — ' for you— when I am free.' She entiled a little ironically, so he continued : ' You do not believe ? I wish your unbelief were true, but I shall come back, and when I do . . ? ' Magdalen lifted her bauds from 'the keys and turned over the leaves of the music book. At the other end. of the room the other three were loud in con- ' versation. ? Captain Milton was' telling a ghost story, and the snatches of it reached the two at the piano. ' Wei], the lady .always would make her appearance upon settling day, and stood by him as be received the ' tenante'rents. ' It was enough to scare them out of their wits, the fellow told me. First-hand etory, you know . .. ^' ? .. ... * . ' Not a bad excuse to find; ^6r refusing to pay rent*' ^eaid Frank: ''Idedarethoia&frtBh; knaves have ' : a wonderfully keen sense of humour. Just imagine an English tenant ...' '?. Magdalen's hand was suddenly grasped by another. ' *? When I come back— a free man — promise me \-- . ? '' Hush, they will see you. Do you think I am one*' who can receive or give promises ? Do you think I have learnt nothing from the past-P \' ' You have not learnt . . .' ' I say, Miss Cuthbert,' put in the Captain— he was uot iu the plot, and knew nothing of Lady Mary's plans — ' now you have, done playing, come and tell us if you believe in ghosts.' Magdalen rose and walked forward, much to Brice's intense disgust. 'Yes. Ghosts of one's thoughts; those are stranger ' than any ordinarily received idea of disembodied spirits. ' ' Thoughts ! Oh. they are natural, and all that, but I should like to see a boua fide ghost. Heard of them, of course ; but as to seeing them. Upon my word, though, I've met a fellow who said he had seen the Flymg Dutchman. Don't believe a word of it; but ? ' ' You suspend your judgment to the masthead, Arthur,' said Lady Mary ; ' you Bhould have been here last night, and then you might have beheld something better worth seeing than ghosts. To think what one may miss in twenty-four hours. So you must really leave us to-morrow, Mr. Leslie ? Is it positively necessary?' ' Yes, positively ; but I have been here so long, I feel as if ? ' ' Spare compliments between cousins. You will soon be back again, I know.' ? ' Very, very soon, I hope,' said Brice, stupidly: -? ??-. but Lady Mary forgave him , and when they separated for the night be grasped her hand warmly, but he was also smitten with the feeling — if she knew ! Magdalen paused a little at the foot of the stairs. The gentlemen were going to play billiards, but the ladies were tired, and were retiring early to rest. ' Good night,' she said, holding out her hand to Brice, and the smile she gave him wiped away many of her scornful words. Their eyes met for a moment ; tfben Brice repeated her ' good night,' and added, ': Magdalen,' almost under his breath. ? . Lady Mary had gone oa, but waited for her friend at the tOp of the stairs. . .v , ' \ ' — Well, dearest ?' Magdalen shook her head. ' He fancies he will come back to ask me. Say no more about it till then.' But, all the same, there was a light in her eyes and a smile of conscious pride on her lips. She had avenged 'her womanhood, so she thought. ?- '.'Frank,' said Lady Mary that night; 'Frank, ?I've succeeded ; or all but.' ' Humph ! Well, I'm sorry for him ; you know I never approved ; she's too, too ? ' ' Hush, you naughty man : I know what you are going to say — but you don't understand Magdalen. There is so much pood in her, so much nobility ? ' i: So much of many things. A fine mixture.' ' So are we all. However, that will be Brice Leslie's affair, and the poor fellow is madly iu love. I left them alone a little this afternoon, and I tlnuk ? they U6ed the opportunity. ' ' When doe6 the Magdalen not use it?' enquired Frank, sceptically, and Lady Mary declared he wns unfair f o her friend, and that she would tell him no more. ' ' We shall miss them very much,' she added, ' f . r Brice Leslie leaves to-morrow and Magdalen u few diysafter.' ' Where is she going ? ' asked Frank. 'Mrs. Stewart is still unwell, and Magdalen de clares she will go back to town to nurse her. Fancy Magdalen in town now. She will be bored to death.' ' Bored ! ' said Frank ; ' that word ougbt to be taken out of the language.' ' That won't stop the disease, and it seems pretty general. However, once married she wilj have euough trouble to keep her in health and spirits.' The next day Magdalen did not appear at break fast, but sent word she had a cold; Brice, however, went ab6ut looking intensely miserable, even though Captain Miltou was cheerfulness itself, and when ill e time came for him to take leave, as he was going by train, he asked Lady Mary if- there were no chance of seeing Miss Cuthbert. Brice fancied he spoke and looked as usual, but then Lady Mary possessed the key. She smiled as he asked this question. ' Wait a moment, I'll send up and see if she is coming down. ' It is too bad of her to stay away;.' ' I am airaid she is suffering,' said Brice, a'nxi ously. ' In fact it is depressing weather, and f am indulging in a sore throat, I think.' ' ' The weather has much to bear ; it certainly must be a great philosopher. Now when may we expect to see yon again? Miss Cuthbert stays till Thursday, why don't you ride over and wish her good-bye, then ? ' 1 Brice looked relieved. '? Thank you, that will be best. Wish her — goodbye forme now — I owe you thanks for a very pleasant visit,. Lady Mary, how shall I thank you.' ' You have forgotten the play. You and Magda len were great successes. I hope you will keep up that character. Goodbye, you must, go at once, Frank is beckoning.' Brice hurried off but-retraced bis steps. ' Will you tell her that I will ride over on Thursday —for lunch, if I may 'i ' ' Yes, yes come by all means. You will be always welcome.' Then Brice drove away, looking up surreptitiously at Magdalen's window to see if by chance 6he were there, but all was silence. '- Magdalen had really caught a Blight cold, but the reason of her absence was a wish to avoid a leave taking. {i He will come back,' ahe said several times to herself; 'he will comeback a free man. Brice, Brice, if you only knew. This time it is the biter bit. This time, Brice, Brice.' She knelt at the window, and, peeping through a crack, looked at his retreating figure as if she would willingly follow him. '.. ????': As for Brice, he drove away in a. kind of dream, a. nightmare rather. The deluge had overtaken him, the waters were all about him, and he could see them rising visibly whilst he looked on fascinated and horrified, yet quite unable to act. Was he really himself ? — the Brice Leslie who in his youth had been able to look on coldly at the follies of others, who had at times found himself wondering at such things bein» able to tempt men away from their ambitions and j their superior interests. Who was this Brice Leslie Who was ready to throw away every thing, every consideration, every standard of right and honour for a woman no longer young, no longer capable of giving a man what is very beautiful iu woman, youth and simple loving devotion, a woman who would require everything of him, and perhaps would be incapable or unwilling to give much in return? Yet this mad love born in such a strange manner was really engendered by all that was noblest in Brice. One could almost nave said that Nature was revenging herself for past scorn of her rights, that Brice was bound to learn suffering through love, and love through suffering; that his beautiful ideal courtship of Griselda was uot to be given to him to enjoy, having paid no price for it_; .that. man cannot live in the ideal without sooner or later finding that some perverse demon will revenge itself, and pull down his fair palace. One side of his nature craved only to keep true to his first love, to reject all temptation of those domineering 6enses, to reject this, wild passion, and rest in the sublime and passionless repose of an ideal nature : but on the other side he found this fortress attacked by* a powerful foe, a foe who sco'rned all obstacles, a foe who was ready and willing to break down every barrier even at the expense of losing a limb in the realisation. It was a strange combat, & combat more common than one would imagine, but for that reason jealously kept secret. When poor humanity comes ont of the conflict, it comes out determined that none shall know of the warfare, whether there has been victory or defeat. But once freed that soul never again doubts the doctrine of a dual life, that life which Christianity, with sublime insight, expresses in her creeds as the fight of Good and Evil, and which the heathen world ascribed to a far reaching Pantheism. But the material world rolls on its way heedless of spiritual combat, the d«y and the night succeed each other. Man, if he does not live by bread alone, can not live without it, though he may crush down his emotions, and the mundane existence of labour, of coming and goin?, of meals, and useless remarks goes on like a treadmill in its ceaseless round. Still even iu thi6 material existence Brice felt that something was wrong. His forehead burned. In spite of its being a warm . day he shivered as he ? entered the train, and he had a 6ore throat Was he ill? J Perhaps it was only the excitement he had : gone through. Anyhow, when he got home he would be sure to find the doctor there, for he came every evening to see his father. He must just ask if there were something wrong. He ought to go to Foy Lodge that eveuing and see Griselda, but the very idea made him feel wretched. He had told her of his expected return— that was due to her ; but when he saw her how explain the true facts to her ; how tell her that — good God ! he could not imagine himself doing it — and yet he had promised Magdalen to go back to her a irce man. Should he write ; how should he word such dis honourable conduct, how-; ? h ? When Brice stepped down from, the train he found his sister waiting for him in the' pony carrisge, and : the matter-of- fact appearance of this lady was almost comforting to him in his present position. She was one of the human beings who prefer sayiug disagreeable things. . 'It is time you came back,' she said, handing Brice the reins, ' Griselda Foy iias been plunged in gaiety this week ; Mrs. Foy is flattered by the notice her daughter gets. The Duchess of Blackwater has called on the Foys, and, of course, it was at her son's instigation. It is a pity, you don't insist on making your engagement public. . . ? . . - For a moment it secmied to Brice that a door of escape was opened to him, then, suddenly thinking of Griselda, it was shut again. Whatever he might be she was incapable of anything that was not tiue ; as incapable as he would have believed himself to be six months ago. ' What nonsense,' he said impatiently. ' What's the matter with youj Brice? You. look ill. I suppose Lady Mary has kept you hard at work with all her silly fads and fancies. Father seems worse and mother more anxious.' Brice only replied with . monosyllables, and when he reached home he found the, Doctor was upstairs, so solaced himself with a cigar till he caine down. He felt much worse now, and a dim idea took possession of him. He had not to wait long before he heard Doctor Spencer's step. Brice asked him into the libraiy. 'Glad to see you home. The Admiral wants cheering up a little, no worse really, but ...?;? you don't look first rate.' ' ' That's what I wanted to ask you. It may be nothing, but 1 have a queer sort of feeling in my throat.' The Doctor examined it carefully, felt his pulse, and went through the little wise en scene of the profession. ' Look here, this is serious. 'Very sorry for you, but it's best to know the truth. This looks to nie.like diphtheria. It may pass eft7, but you must go to bed and be isolated,^' Brice smiled, 'and lifted his eye brows. ' Well, .Doctor, telegraph for a nurse) I mustn't give my sister any more trouble. or the old people needless anxiety. I'll retire into private life, that's all.' ., ',- ? ? . ' Safest way.. It may be nothing.1' The Doctor went away, thinking iu his own mind, that Brice Leslie was a plucky fellow ; the truth being that Brice had seen that, at all events, he could now put off the evil day. fie could ^ee no one ; that was a fact he hailed with relief, even if .the relief were attended with bodily pain.; Presently, however, the bodily overpowered the mental agony. There was sorrow and anxiety . enough for his friends and relations. Griselda , who came every day to get news, became visibly thinner - and paler,' but *he kept up bravely. She had her _ home duties, and she was not going to make others as miserable as herself. Her mother needed much '' attention just then, and her father was worried about' his wife. Griselda faced her duties like a brave woman, no one would have given her credit for bo much stredgth of character and purpose as she now evinced. The days-dragged heavily by, and Brice was very ill, the Doctor's rei^orts were more gloomy, 'and Griselda'e eyes grew large, and had a scared look; in them, as'if something* was going out of 'her life. Brice might not talk or write, she only had the daily news given by Miss Leslie in no comforting vocabu lary. One day she remarked : ' Bnce is worrying about something, the nurse says, something apparently about a promised visit to a Miss Cuthbert. She acted in that play. I dare say it is of no cousequence, but if I knew her address I would write.' . . . ?' I know her,' said Griselda, ' she is a great friend of Lady Mary Milton ; I will get her address — and, by the way, papa and I are going to Loudon the end of this week to see about a new govemess^for Evie — I will call on Miss Cuthbert. She mil know what Brice means. ' Does he like: my flowers and my notes ? ' she asked suddenly. 'Oh, Miss Leslie, it seems so dreadful npt to see him— not to be able to do anything for him. But If mean to be brave, Brice will praise me some day when he 'hears, 'when we ' talk over this dreadful time.' -Griselda's eyes filled with tears, but with an effort she forced them back. ' I feel as if I would willingly, talje his place, even if I had to die,' she said to herself. (lb.be continued.) .'.'?- . 