ZOOLOGICAL SOCIETY. The monthly meeting of the council of the New South Wales Zoological Society was held yesterday afternoon at the rooms of the society, Moore Park. There were present-Messrs. C. C. Skarratt (in the chair), John Keep, James Barnet, Captain Ghost, and the secretary, Mr. W. H. Catlett, The secretary reported that the receipts from the gates for the five weeks ended 4th August amounted to £155 11s 9d, from the elephants £12 Is 6d, and from the donkey and pony £5 9s 6d, making a total of £173 48. The gale money represented the admission of 8053 visitors to the gardens, 4389 being adults and 3G69'children. The grounds were also visited by 253 public school children accompanied by 14 teachers. Total free admissions, 267. The donations since last monthly meeting have been Native bear, presented by Mr. G. D. Logan, Redfern report of the third meeting of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, 1891, vol. iii., presented by the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science ; three black swans, presented by Mr. F. Neve, Tarago ; black rat, presented by Master A. Dixon, Summer Hill; kin garoo rat, presented by Mr. J. Mason, Surry Hills ; monkey, presented by Mr. W. Wear, Oxford-street ; kangaroo rat, presented by Mr. W. Whitnall, Balmain ; two emus, presented by the Hon. Sir Joseph Abbott ; diamond snake, presented by the Hon. J!. H. D. White, M.L.C. : wedge-tailed eagle, presented by Mr. M. Mitchell, Windsor ; opossum, presented by Master A. Watts, Redfern ; two dingo pups, presented by Mr. J. Richardson, Raymond Terrace ; two Quebec Marmot, presented by Mr. R. E. De B. Lopez, San Francisco : kangaroo rat. presented by Miss Bode, Surry Hills; three small snakes, presented by Dr. E. R. Smith, Cowra. The superintendent's report for the month was as follows --" I have the honour to report a generally healthy and excellent condition amongst the animals, Sic, in your collection. The young stock (young lions, tigers, and leopards) have thriven well during the past month and there has been a further increase of a water buffalo and another black ape, as well as another litter of three lion cubs consisting of one male and two females. Those alf look healthy, and are growing well." The secretary of the N.S.W. Commission of the Chicago Exposition wrote for permission to house certain animals in the society's grounds, sending their transmission to Chicago. The application was acceded to on the understanding that the Exhibition authorities accepted all risks during the animals' stay at the Zoo. The secretary reported receipt per S.E. Monowai of two Quebec marmots, or woodchucks, from Mr. L. B. Whitehead, of San Francisco, through Mr. B. IE. de B. Lopez, of the same city, Messrs. Sprockets Brothers having kindly allowed the animals to be put on board freight free. The woodchucks, it was stated, had been placed in the monkey house until better accommodation could be provided for them. It was resolved that the acknowledgments of the society be made to the above-mentioned gentlemen for the donation. _ 