GLIMPSES OF GHOSTDOM. The Society of psychical Research continues its investigations in the domain of ghosts, and the latest number of the " Proceedings" (Kegan Paul) contains a number of cases of a more or less uncanny character which have recently come under its notice. A few si?ecimens of tue*e may be interesting. In a paper by Mr. F. W. H. Myers on " Indications of Continued Terrene Knowledge on the l'ara of Phantasms of tbe llead," tbe particulars of a cams for which tbe writer is in debted to Lady Gore Jl.iutb are given. Her son, then a schoolboy of 10, was tho percipient, and her youograt daughter, then aged 15, al=o gives a first band account of the incident, as follows:— LissadeU, Slipro, February, 1891. On the 10th of April, lboa.ataboutlialf-pastO o'clock am., my yonngest brother and 1 were going down a short (light of BUiirs leading to the kitchen to fetsh food for my chicken^ as usual We were about balf way down, my brutliera few steps in advance of rue, when ha suddenly said—"Why, there's John Blaney ; I didn't know he was in' the house!" John Blaney was a boy who lived not far from us, and be had been employed in the bouse as hall-boy not long bufure. I eaid that I was euro it was not he (for 1 knew he had left some months previously on account of ill-health), and looked down into the iiassage, bnt saw no one. Tbe passage was a long one, with a rather sharp turn in it^ so we ran quickly down the last low steps and looked round the corner, bat nobody was there, and the only door be oould have gone through was shut. As we went upstairs my brother said, "How pale and ill John looked, and why did he stare so ?' I atked what he was doing. My brother answered tbat he had his sleeves turned up and was wearing a large green apron, such as the footmen always wear at their work An hour or two afterwards I asked my maid how long John Blaney had been back in the house. She seemed much surprised and said, " Didn't you hear, miss, tbat be died this morn ing ?* On enquiry we found he bad died about two hours before my brother saw him. My mother did not wish that my brother should be told this, but he heard of it somehow, and at once declared thai he must have seen his ghost. Mabel Olive Gore Booth. "Thisapparition,"eavs Mr. Myers, "unless we expiainitasatelepathio impression projected at the moment of death and remaining latent for some hours before it attained externahaatjon— may possibly be taken as showing something of continued memory in the departed boy." Another even more extraordinary case, sent to Mr. Myers with the true names, bnt with a request to conceal them and some local details on account of the painful nature of the inci dent described is the following :— Our informant, whom I will call Mrs. M., writes under date December 15,1591: —" . One night on retiring to my bedroom about 11 o'clock I thought I beard a peculiar moaning sound and some one sobbing as if in great dis tress of mind. I listened very attentively and still it coutinued ; so I raised the gas in my bedroom and then went to the landing window of which I have spoken, drew the blmd aside - and thtre on the grass was a very beautiful young girl in a kneeling posture before a naldier, ma generals uniform, sobbing, and clasping her bands together, entreating for pardon; but, alas! he only waved her away from him. So much did I feel for tbe girl tbat without a moment's hesitation I ran down the staircase to She door opening upon the lawn, and begged ber to come in and tel- me her Borrow. Tbe figures then disappeared. Not in tbe least nervous did I feel then ; went strain to my bedroom, took a sheet of writing paper and wrote down what I had seen." (Mrs. M. has found and sent us this paper. The following words are written in pencil on a half-sheet of uotepaper: —"March 13,1886. Have just seen visions on lawn—a soldier in general's uniform—a young lady kneeling to hioi. 11.40 p.m.") . . . "It appears the story is only too true. The youngest daughter of this very old, proud family had had an illegitimate child; and her parents and relatives would not recognise her again, and she died broken hearted. The soldier was a near relative (also a connection of my husband's), and it was in vain she tried to gain his—the soldier's—forgiveness." (In a subsequent letter Sir X.V.'scarcer isdescribed. He was a distinguished officer.) "So vivid was my remembrance of the features of tbe soldier that some mouths after the occurrence, when Z happened to be calling with my husband at a house where there was a portrait of him, I stepped before it and eaid, 'Why, look. There is the general.' And sure enough it was." Here is an instance where the decedent, who had been strongly interested in an event which was closely approaching when he died, seemed to choose the occasion of that event to mani fest his continued interest in the friend whom the little crisis—a theatrical performance— concerned. Tbe account of the apparition two days after the death of tbe person seen was written down by Mr. Myers from tbe verbal aooount of the percipient, and corrected and signed by her:— August 4,1590. On the evening of Saturday, April 26,1890, I was engaged with my sister and other friends in giving an amateur performance of "Tbe Antigone," at the Westminster Town HalL A passage led down toseveral dressing-rooms used by the ladies who were taking part in the re presentation, and nowhere else. None of the public had any business down this passage, although a friend came to the door of the dressing-room once to epeak to some of us. I was passing from one drossing- room to another, a few steps further along the pas sage, just before going on to the Btage, wnen I saw in the passage, leaning against the door post of tbe dressing-room whioh I had left, a Mr. H., whom I had met only twice, bat whom I knew well by sight and as an acquain tance, though I had beard nothing of turn for two years. I held out my hand to him, say ing, " Oh, Mr. H-, I am so glad to see you.' In the excitement of the moment it did not occur to me as odd tbat he should have come thus to the door of the dressing room—although this would have been an unlikely thing for a mere acquaintance to da There was a bril liant ligbt, and I did not feel the slightest doubt as to his .identity. He was a tall, singular-looking man, and used to wear a frock-coat buttoned unusually high round the throat. I just observed this coat, bat noticed nothing else about him specially except bis face. He was looking at me with a sad ex pression. When I held oat my hand he did not take it, bat shook his head slowly, without d word, and walked away down the passage— back to the entrance. I did not stop to look at him, or to think over this strange conduct, being in a great hurry to finish dressing in time. Next day, as a number of us were talking over the performance, my sister called out to me —"You will be sorry to bear chat Mr. H. is dead." "Sorely not," I exclaimed, "for I saw him last night at * The Antigone.'" It turned ont that be had been dead two days when I saw the figure. It may be added that Mr. W. S. Lilly states that be was present at a party when Lady M. suddenly informed her sister, Miss J., of the death of Mr. H., and he bears witness to Miss J.s extreme astonishment and her exclama tion —"Why, I saw him last night at' The Antigone!" As regards " spirit guardianship" Mr. Myers thinks it need not greatly surprise any one " if that impalpable telepathic connection which sometimes seems to be long maintained be tween two living persons were to persist after the removal of one of them by bodily death.*' The writer of tbe following, who is personally known to Mr. Myers, is the wife of Colonel Wiekham, of 7, Comeragh-road, W.:— On the evening of March 13, 1879, I was dressing myself to go to a dinner party at Admiralty House, Vittoriosa, Malta. I had accepted Admiral and Kirs. 's invitation, much against my will, aa a dear friend was lying seriously ill at Brighton. However, the latest accounts had been so cheering and hope ful that I had allowed myself to be persuaded by my husband into going. An eerie feeling was creeping over me in an unaccountable manner, but I tried to throw it off, and suc ceeded in doing so to a certain extent; still, something made me tnm my head round and stare into my husband's dressing-room, which opened into mine. I distinctly saw a hand waving backwards and forwards twice- I rushed into the room—it was empty. Soon afterwards my husband came upstairs, and I told him what I had seen, but he put it down to " nerves." As we crossed the water the 000 l night air seemed to revive me, and I began to laugh at myself for letting my imagination play such tricks. We got home, somehow, and I dragged myself upstairs to my room, and commenced undressing. Whilst taking down my hair I distinctly felt a hand piss over my bead and neck as if someone was assisting me. I told my husband—to be again laughed at, I knelt to say my prayers. Instead of praying (as I had been used to do) for God to make my friend well, I, without any will of my own, prayed that he might be taken out of his misery. I went to bed. Something oamu and lay be side me, I clung to my husband, who tried to calm me, assuring me there was nothing there to hurt or frighten me. A cold mouth seemed to freeze on my cheek, and I distinctly heard. "Good-bye, Sis, good- bye," in my friend's well known voice. Still my husband declared he could hear nothing. I said, "I am sure Mr. Abbott is dead." My husband said I was hysterical and over-wrought, drew me towards him, and held my hand till I fell asleep—for I suppose it was a dream and not a vision I had. Be this as it may, I saw my friend come into my room; a livid mark was across bis face. He was dressed in a night-shirt, and bis feet were bare. He came and sat beside me—told me be was dead—that he had left me some money, and In lore he died had wished to make some altera tion in his bequest, but the end had come so soon be had not time to do so. Me repc-atnd hia "lio-ai-bye," kissed me, and disappisuvd. I told my husband of my dream, and marked the date. Five days afterwards a letter with a deep black border came to me from my friend's brother, telling me bis brother bad passed away at 10 o'clock, March 13. Allowing for tbe dif ference of time, Mr. Abbott must have come to mo either just before or just after his death. The legacy left me was as he bad stated, also the fact that he bad intended to make a change aa regarded it, but though the lawyer was sent for be came tiio late. August, isao. 