TIIE SILENT SEA. By Antarlo, Author of " An Australian GlrL , Chapter XIV. Victor did not find that the manflgot developed moro companionablo qualities as I the days went on. There is, doubtless, often a great satisfaction to tho unrcgcnerato man in taking chango out of an offender by what Searlo called giving a "dig," especially when tho ono who gives it is going beyond tho reach of an inept pleasantry in return. The amazement which Fitz-Gibbon'e voluntary so journ at such a placo as tbe Colmar caused Trcvaskis was changed by Searle's parting words into a fast suspicion that the young man had, by reason of his largo interest in the mine, come lo play the spy on the now manager. Thus to tho moro.icncRs which his misfortunes and rank ling senxo of failure -had induced was added the animus of a private grudge. Tho result of tbis was not, howovcr, at first bad for Victor ; it had merely tho result of making him work rather hard. During the first week ho made several clerical slips, which Trcvas kis commented on with so muoh Boverity and rudeness that it was with much difficulty the young man kept his temper. " Good heavens ! how tho animal sets my teoth on edgo ! " ho said, and thon ho ro- solvcd that ho would never give bim tho ohanco again. For tho next two weeks ho worked late and early, mastering all tho details of his workf making out lists of tho stores on hand, so that he should not forget to order in time As for the variations in the men's wages, ho learned thom off by heart, so that he should make no errors in writing out their weekly cheques. Aftor this spirt of work was over, Trovaskis sot him to tako stock of all tho mining materials in the various store rooms. In this he had tho assistance of Michaol, tho water carrier. The mine was dependent for drinking water, as indeed were all the inhabi tants of Colmar as well, on the Government tank, half way botweon the mino and the town ship. " And very bad it do be gotting, that Bamo tahnk, Mr. Fitz-Gibbon. Tho dhry season is powerful bad for tho tabnks ; you gets down to ahl tho mud and shlime and dead things." Thoy were in tho ironmongery store, Michael calling over shovols, sioves, coils of fuse, picks, leather belting, kegs of nails, &c.;, Victor (shock ing them off in his stock book. After an hour and a half of this Victor oried out "Smoko oh!" aud tho two wero talking as they spelled Michael was a nervous looking little man, with a brick red fnce, keen littlo brown eyes, and vory red hair. Ashe talked, quick spasmodic twitches would from time to time pass over his face, espe cially round the mouth and oyes nnd across the nose. "But surely to goodness, Michael, you havo no dond things iu the tank out of which our drinking water comes !" cried Victor, with a touch of dismay in hiH voice. " Iodade, sor, and there is, an' m&hny;'s tho time I've hnd to honld my nose while I'm taking a draught of wathr. It isn't so bad au that this saison yet, and the Govormont they do bo puttin' off cleaning the tahnk. We'll have a Rpreadin' illness, tho typhy faveror Bome such, and then wo'U be forced to keep a docther to our own cheek." " By tho way, Michael, what sort of a doctor is the man you subsoribo so much a month for ?" " Well, sor, lie's a big fat mnhn, wid half tho alphabet at his liools, living on the other side of Hooper's Luck. Iviry month there's a shilling stopped out of our wages, as you know, to give him, for living beyand the reach of ahuy ralo disthrcss, I may say. Wo did just as well when ho wasn't there, and we died quietly, witout tho help of medicine, if the hour had come. Mahny a time , I do bo wondering, sor, how mankind will como and shtay in a placo like this, and from all parts of tho worrld. There's Runaway Hans — a mahn that used to go whan voyago from Chiny to tho Pyreamaids. whero I am tould tho corps of holy cats— the biissid saints forgive thom !— and of moighty monarcliB ia kept aa on the day they died, maybo shortly after the Flood; and yot that mahn left his kit and his Sunday breeches nnd thrco months' wago, to run away to the Colmar." " Runaway Hans !" repeated Victor, who was smiling broadiy, nnd by this time deoided that Michael was ono to bo cultivated ; " ah ! that's tho yellow-haired young man with a strong German accent ?" " Yes, the same ; he do thry to spake Eng lish a little, but what be mostly talks is, as you say, sor, tho German ahocent. Well, and he loft all that behind him, aud run away for what? To scrape dirt underground till hia guernsey poura over wid sweat liked a rag soaked in the washtub, and livo under a sthrip o' calico, wid an oneasy perished branch o' sandal-tree to keep the hate out — which it don't." Victor laughed ; and at that moment Trovaskis looked in at tho open door. His face darkened as he took in the frank, friendly relations which tho young man had so quickly established botween himself and Michael— the veriest drudge at the mine. Trevaski&'a own mannor to all who wero under him was marked by a certain peremptory roughness, which is, as a rule, the note of the proletariat who has dovcloped into the master. In his most genial moments he would never dream of entering into any talk with one like Michael beyond giving him orders, and porhaps occa sionally blaspheming his eyes for not being more prompt. " That's his lay — to worm himself into the confidence of everyone, and that old fox Drummond asking mo bo let him havo an insight into tho working of tho mine. But I'll put a spoke in his wheel there !" thought Trevaskis, as ho strode away afler giving his orders. " Barzilla Jenkins is going off by tho afternoon mail. I want you to make out his chequo, Fitz-Gibbon." When Victor wont into tho offico ho found Jenkins, a big, brawny Corrfishman, standing at the door as he hud come up out of the mine— his faco and hands black, his moleskin trousers stiff with clay and earth stains. "You are at the rock drills, I think?" said Victor, turning up tho time book. The man gavo a muffled sort of assent. Tho men wero paid each Saturday ; this was Friday, but Jenkins was only entered for two shifts. "Why, you aro only clown for two shifts, besides to-day's, since last pay day, Jenkins I" said Victor, ns he began to write out tho chequo ; " thrco days at 9s. a day." As ho looked up to hand this to Jenkins, ha was struck with tho look of profound gloom iu his face. There wero suspicious light smeara on his checks tod. " It's just tho inikity o' tho ould Adam issclf," ho burst out passionately. " I missed two days' work, boin' on the drink, aud now I've not enough to take mo hum ; and when I cooru up this afternoon I found this 'ero." As ho spoke ho handed Viotor a tolcgram, which ran : — " Your wife is much worse. Come at ouce." " I 'ad a letter last week, as she was on- well," he went on, " audi kno wed some'ow last night she were weered. I ort a' gone before. I might be sartin dootors would do 'er no good." By thiB timo Victor had produced his private cheque book, aud was rapidly writing out a chequo for £5. " Take this, 'Zilla,'' ho said, putting it folded into his hand. "You cau pay me back when it is convenient," he added, anxious to cut short the man's broken expressions of grati tude. It was tho porsonal relations iuto which ho camo with the miners that gavo the strongest element of interest to tho purser's work. Victor hnd strongly tho sympathetic fibre, which ia rarely absent from the Irish tcinporament when it has fair play. Ho had also that quick sense of humor which, undor all circumstances, gives an eulivening strain to the serio-comcdy of life. And at tho Colmar, as in all other parts of tho Australian bush, there was a great deal of human naturo about. It is true that most of it was quite in the rough ; that thero was littlo of those finely spun hypocrisies, those keon bub veiled rivalries, thoso subtle aud contradictory nuances of character, whioh are developed among superior people, under tho high prcssuro of civilisation. Thoso politely ironical littlo stories that invigorate the languors of conversa tion, at tho expense of mutual friends, wero &a; unknown as the faculties sharpened only to in vent means of killing time. But Ahough thero Wero no polished raconteurs ripely skilled in ro tating events which never happened, in a spark ling way, there was no lack o£ men who njoyed hearing and tolling such stories as eame in their way in a somewhat Rabelaisian fashion. At the Colmar, as in politer walks of life, those whoso social instincts wero most highly devoloped were not, as a rule, among the more admirable characters. They belonged rathor to tho habitual procossion of tho streets, with the chronic idlers loft ont, greedy for onjoymcnt in some form, and reckloss as to tho future. They alternated hard work with "betting drinks to the crowd," and going 24 hours without Bleep. They preferred to give a fillip to ono dny nt tho expense of another, rather than havo all days alike monotonous. Speed with an equivocal ro- Bult fascinated them more than tho undoviat- ing pace of safety, Some of tho older miners wore Cornish "Wcsleyans, who com bined to hold 'services' on Sunday, to get tip teetotal entertainments, and generally in fluence tho lexer brethren to adopt a moro deco rous mode of life, Rut early in his experience as ft pursor it occurred to "Victor that tho miners would bo a much dullor lot than they were if tho more serious among them had it all their own way. It is indeed a melancholy reflection that tho good qualities of some peoplo aro icsthot- ically oftentimes moro unsatisfactory, at least to tho mere looker on, than tho less virtuous qualities of others. Zilla Jenkins was ono who hovered between the two camps— somotimes severely virtuous in his conduct, and rigid in his condemnation of oil carnal indulgence. During such periods ho wsa a tntM nhsjfcrvinor, and had oven hren known to give rousing addresses on the ovils of intem perance. But those wore adventures in tho higher ethics, which time after time ended in dis aster " Brother 'Zilla hev backslid" again was tho testimony that had often to bo given regarding him at the chnpel and blue ribbon meotings. Two of these more sorious minors intorviwed Victor on Saturday after Jenkins had loft by the mail coach. " About 'Zilla, sir ; we does wIbIi as you adn't a been so kind to 'o," the older said in an cxpostulatory tone. " You eeo it's liko this, sir," struck in tho other man, beforo Victor, who was amused and ft little taken aback, could make any response. Jenkins hovgone back agin an' agin to rowl like the swino in tho Scripther in tho slimo o' evil doin'. 'Zilla gets sorry, but tho ropentauco don't stik to 'e, Now, we was a-watohin' for this 'ero oppertoonity. 'Zilla's been bad on tho burst. News comos as 'is missus is hill, sho's gen'ally hill — that's W she can't leave 'er mother to oleavo onto 'or man, whioli is tho rule o' Gord and o' nature, but sho's got weerd and weord, and 'Zilla ho wants awful to git away ; but he spent 'is money at the public 'ouso an' so did those as 'o goes wi' there. "Why, sir, thoy'ro on the tick and on tho borrowr from ono month's end to the other. We was waitin' to the larst moment, an' then to como forrard and say: "Ere, 'Zilla Jenkins, your missus is maybe i' the last gapse. 'Tis a gashly thing for a man to swallor '1b money an' mako ft beast o' isself onto tho bargain, and then not lave enough to take 'im to his wifo's borrin' maybe—' " "Yen were going to say all that to tho poor fellow, when ho was in such a fix 1" said Victor, keeping a serious face with some difficulty. "Well, I'm glad I gave him what ho needed ' "Ay, sir, but 'ow much better to slang 'o now than let 'o go straight to Berlzebub. We was goin' to lend 'im fcbo money at 's awn 'count on a Hi HoU, an' that 'ud 'avo 'elped to bring c'baok to the paths o' righteousness, so to speak, for 'e'd a-been ashamed to spend 'is Bubstanco at th' Colmar Harms till 'o 'd a-paid us back, an' by that time we'd 'avo 'ad a sartin grip o' 'e — — A teamster enme into the office just then, to tell Victor that four teams were waiting at the weigh bridge to have their loads cheoked, so that ho had to leave beforo Rohoboam Hosking had qnite finished. Rehoboam, or Roby, as he was usually called, was ono of tho throe shift bosses of the mine, and tho one who most frequently conducted ser vices in tho little iron school room which stood midway botwoen tho Colmar Arms and the post and telegraph office. Qo had what some of tho miners called " a great gift for spouting," and was fervid in organising meotings of all sorts, in which ho took a leading part. On Sundays ho often preached morning and even ing. His sermons and exhortations were of a very rousing, not to say over bold, descrip tion. Thus, on one occasion when ho was car ried away by his zeal for conversions, ho cried out in stentorian tones : — " Descend upon us, 0 Holy Ghost, descend— if there's any damage done to the roof, there's not a shoveller on tho Colmar that won't give a bob for re pairs." Ono or two Episcopalians who woro present afterwards accused Roby of blasphemy. He denied tho charge with great vigor, and affirmed that they and the church thoy belonged to woro 'lukewarm Ladoshiano, that the Amen of tho beginning of Creation had long ago spued out of His mouth." This was a flight in metaphor which reduced one of Roby's opponents to silence, whilo it con firmed tho other in his worst opinions of tho shift boss divinity, and oven of his moral sincerity. Henceforth tho Episcopalian be lieved all that was said -against Roby, for there were, unfortunately, stories abroad about him that somewhat told against his influence as a social reformer. In preaching, ho was fond of describing himself as a brand snatched from tho burning, and with that comploto deliver- anoo from rcscrvo and modesty which bo curiously marks the members of some re ligious seots, he would give grapbio details of tho way in which, aforetime, ho had distinguished himself in evil doings. At tee total meetings, also, ho would relate witli gusto how at ono period of his history he had been such a slave to drink that his first wife had died from the effeotB of destitution and misery. " But at tho same time 'e doesn't tell 'ow, when he was a local preacher and class leader at tho gurrar, . 'o prilled samples o' copper ore, and 'clpcd to start a little bogus company," an old acquaintance of Roby's would say, and another would recall an equally discreditable, story. "Wero they all true ? Whether or no, tho man was a very " stirring " pulpiteer and blue ribboner. No now comer was long at tbo Colmar with out boing importuned by Roby to give some assistance at tho Saturday night temperanco meetings, which woro chiefly under his direc tion. " Tho Lord did not mako evorybody smart," ho would explain, with great unction ; "but I blaivo iveryone as trios can do summat for a blue mitting — sing a song or givo a bit o' reoitation, or music on any sort o' machine 'o plays." And thus Victor found himself pledged to Roby to play a violin solo on tho evening of each Saturday, from the first week he came to the mine. Now, it was 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The last of tho men had been paid, and Victor had tho ofiico to him self. He took out his violin, tuned it, and began to play ovor Tho Last Rose of Sum mer, with variations. Ho had not played moro than a minute or two, however, bo- fore he put tho violin down with a little ex clamation. The last time ho had played this melody was at tho concert on board the Mogul, acoompanylng Helen on the piano. Tho first few bars recalled tho place and scene with tbo vividness which belongs to tho associations of music, and with these Victor recalled that lie bad not finished reading her lottor, which had come by that morning's mail, posted t.ho day after she and her father bad reached Colombo. Ho had been intor- rupted in rending it ; then ho had gono to dinner, then ho lmd paid tho men, then he had gono to the weighbridge, and then ho had forgotten it. He admitted this to himself with a pang of self reproach. It was new to him, this discovery that his thoughts aud ac tions often fell below his own ideals of what a lover should be. Aud it was such a bright, amusing letter, tho people on board so capitally hit off, and the landing in Colombo ; the drive among tho swarming native quarters, where you sec tho craftsmen in their tiny shops without door or windows, the coarse screens of split bamboos rolled up ; hero a blacksmith sitting cross-legged beside his anvil, thcro nn enamel worker, then a brazier's shop full of glowing copper vessels, the richer shops with tinsel covered skull caps, with soft, white silks and muslins, petticoats and trousers for women ' with spangles and gold jpd embroidery ; the soft facod bronzo babies, arrayed in tiny loin cloths and heavy bangles, toddling after the sahibs, to soil them a big scarlot fiowor ; the traders, with a single bosket of mangoes and a small branoh of bananas, under a cocoa- nut palm by tbo roadside ; tbo Hindoos, with thoir casto mark on forehead and chest, sitting sideways on bullocks ; tho big funny vehicles with a pagoda roof ; tho littlo bamboo carts, drawn by tiny humped oxen that run as fast as ponies ; tho yellow robed mollahs under yellow umbrellas ; tho peopio who run after belated travellers with palm fans and screens of coarse bamboos, and great pineapples for thrccpcnco, and iced soda water under the scorching sun. All was just as it had been on that day when tlioy went through tho placo together. "But what I liko best to boo aro the natives of high caste in voluminous folds of pure white and majestio turbans," wrote Miss Paget ; " their unmoved calm, their statuesque attitudes, thoir imperturbable mouths, make ono feel that, as compared with Orientals, Europeans have, on tho whole, dege nerated into comis voyagcurs, " "What would Helen think of ourminere?" thought Victor with a smile. Then ho turned to the letter again, and looked over it from beginning to end, while some feel ing he oould not havo defined of loneliness fell over him. Was it bccauso cxistcnco at the Col mar, like a Ohincso picture without shading or perspective, had begun to pall on him, or was it that tho discipline under which Miss Paget pur posely kept her feelings loft a void that, with tho roofless, sort of sensation which bad begun to creep over him, struck him with a feeling akin to physical chill? Only jnst on tho last half sheet, after the close of tho long letter, in a sort of unofficial postscript, came a few tonder words— I think I havo told you almost everything, except that I often felt sad at tho thought of sailing, sailing, sailing farther away from you every day. I am at this moment in a charm ing room at the Mount Lavinia Hotel, whero father's friend is established. They aro both on a balcony somewhere, talking about classic odes. When I look out of tho window, I see that lovely strotoh of bright yellow sand, and tho sea of an unfathomable bluonces dying away on tho beach. When I look through tho doorway, with its khus-khus screen half drawn up, tbcro is a vista of polishod floor and white robod natives with bare feet gliding noiselessly about. Still I am rather sad, be cause you are not berc. Bites moi quclquc chose dc tendre qui me fassc oublicr ccs tristcs pensies." "Dear Helen ! I must write her quite an epistle to-morrow," said Victor to himself, after reading these lines many times over. Then ho went outsido and stood looking west ward aoross tho mino, with its groups of low iron buildings, tho long engine room in the contre, with its reverberating throb of maohinery, the heavy folds of smoke rising above it and hanging low over tho adjacent groups of tho miners' huts and tents, and beyond tho little township, with its small iron buildingB equally bare, without the sign of a tree, or eveu a fence, to break the dull dead lovoL For tho first time tho austere, inexpressible aridity of tho country seemed to weigh on him. It was now many months sinco a shower of rain had fallen in tho district. The grey green salt bush was frayed and thickly coated with dust, the baro earth showing botwoen the low bushes in baked gaps. Was thcro any other spot of the earth more dcsolato than this ? — flat, parched and grey, without shado or water, lying in measureless vistas, with an atmosphere so pure and clear, and a sky so cloudless and widely vaulted, that frequently the mirage wo call the horizon was entirely absent? For how many hundreds of years had tho sun beaten remorse lessly upon tlio thirsty waste? As ho looked at it, an immense longing came over Victor to Bee onco moreHhe deop dull green of hills densely oovcred with stringy bark, or to see autumn leaves whirling yellow aud rod beforo a high wind, under a threatening sky. "Well, Mr. Fitz-Gibbon, are you admiring the western view?" said someone close behind him. " Yes ; admiring it all so intensely that it has given me a fit of tho blue devils," saidViotor, as ho shook hands with Ohalloner, whom he had not seen for some days. " You've been working too hard- since you came hero. My wifo only said last night you've novcr been at Stouehouse in the day time, though you have been sleeping there for over four weeks. You como away at day light." "Not before 6, my dear sir. Don't mako mo out stupider than I am. I ride for an hour or so, then breakfast at the Colmar Arms at half-past 7, aud at half-past 8 I am in tho office. Up to this,, it h&B; taken me eight or nine hours to do what Searlo used to get through in five." "Well, you know Rome was not built in a day. I came across to steal a little keg of blasting powder, but as you aro about I sup- pone I'd bettor borrow it ; and then just lock your office and como back with me to Stono- houso." "Thank you; I'll como with pleasure," re turned Victor ; and after he had got the keg of powder for Challoner, the two went across tho reef to Stonchouse. (To be continued.) 