TASMANIAN RIFLE ASSO- CIATION. ANNUAL MEETING. The annual general meeting of the Tas- manian Rifle Association was held in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, the 30th January last; the fallowing members being present:-Colonel Warner, R.A. (in the chair) Lieut.-Colonel J. G. Davies (secre- tary), Sergt. F. Lovett (assistant secretary), Majors Albert Raid and Evans, Captains Geo. Richardson and Robt. Henry, Master Gunner Jas. Chisholm, Sappers C. Cearns and W. Burrows, Colour Sergt. A Reid. PRELIMINARY. The Secretary read the advertisement con- vening the meeting with several proxies re- ceived. Also a letter from the Hon. Secre- tary of the North- Western Rifle Associa- tion, stating that the date fixed for the next meeting for prize competitions was the 27th December, 1892, and the three days follow- ing, thus giving ample time to those who intend contesting the prizes to make all necessary arrangements. THE ANNUAL, REPORT. The annual report and balance-sheet for the previous year were read and adopted on tho motion of the CHAIRMAN, seconded by Major EVANS. The Council, in submitting their fifth annual report, desire to congratulate the Association upon the revival of interest in its affairs during the past year. The annual rifle meeting, under the auspices of the Federal Rifle Association, was held at Adelaide on 7th September, 1891, on which occasion your Association was represented. The result was as follows : South Australia. 1,644 Victoria. 1,621 Tasmania. 1,496 The Council desire to bring under your special notice the unsatisfactory way in which the team to represent the colony is selected, and urge upon the Association the advisability of having a number of competitions extending over at least six months in Hobart and Launceston. This would create a healthy emulation among the members of the Defence Force both in the cities and country. If some such course were adopted the colony would, we feel sure, be better represented in future intercolonial matches. At the meeting of the Federal Council held at Adelaide on September 8, 1891, Major Davies and Captain Richardson represented your Association. It was decided that the next intercolonial match should be held in Sydney, the distances fixed being 500, 600, and 700 yards, and the conditions under which the match is to be fired being the same as the Kolapore Cup (at Bisely) for 1892. The annual prize meeting of the Associa- tion, fixed for December 17, 18, and 19, at Launceston, had to be postponed in conse- quence of the inclemency of the weather until Decembor 29, 30, and 31, 1891. Not- withstanding this postponement, which prevented many who had signified their intention to take part on the original dates, the re-entries were more numerous. The meeting, on the whole, which lasted three days, was undoubtedly the most successful in point of competitors ever held, in the colony. No members of the Defence Forces of other colonies took part. His Excellency the Governor Sir Robt. Hamilton was present on each of the three days, and evinced the liveliest interest in the firing. Your Council are desirous of placing on record their high appreciation of the ser- vices rendered by Major Wallack as range officer during the meeting. The thanks of the Association are due to the Mayor of Launceston, Mr. H. Sutton, M.H.A., for his handsome donation, and also to those gentle- men who contributed to the merchants prizes in Launceston. Tho following is a list of the different events, with the highest scorer and prize taker in each. Hamilton Challenge Gup.-Sergt. Tong and Private Saward, Wellington R.C. Champion Match.-This match extended over the three days, and was won by Staff Sergt. Gurr, L.A. Mayor's Prize.-Four teams took part, and the first prize was obtained by the L.R.R. Davies Trophy.-Five teams entered for this match. The Channel R.C. scored their third win, and the trophy now becomes their property. Members' Match.-this match brought forth 80 competitors. Lieut. Wardlaw, Cornwall R.C., headed the list. Rifle Club's Match.-There were no less than 15 entries for this event. The Garrison R.C. (No. 1) carry off first prize ; the Chan- nel R.C. (No. 1) second prize ; and the Garrison R.C., Launceston (No. 2), third prize. Ladies' Match.-There were 90 competi- tors in this match. Private Archer, Meander R.C., carried off the bracelet and first prize. Long Range Match.-The first prize fell to Staff-Sergt. Gurr, L.A. Volley Match.- This event appeared for the first time in the programme. Nine entries were received, but only seven teams took part. The first prize was awarded to A Company of the Tasmanian Rifle Regiment. Merchants' Prizes.-This match, as usual, attracted a large number of competitors. Sergt.-Major Gouchor, Permanent Artillery, headed the list, Private Stott second, and Captain Richardson third. A list of the donors will be found in the appendices. Grant-in-Aid.-The grant-in-aid for 1891 was £250. The whole of the amount was devoted to prizes at the meeting in Laun- ceston. The Council urge upon all members of the Defence Force of the colony to be- come members of the Association, as the grant-in-aid in the future will to a great extent depend upon the countenance given to the Association by the riflemen of the colony. The Council are of opinion that the rifle ranges in Hobart and Launceston should be vested in the Association. The Council have held 8 meetings, the roster of attendance being as follows: - Col. Warner, 8; Capt. Parker, R.N., 5; Lt.-Col. O'Boyle, 5 ; Major Evans, 2 ; Major Collins, 1 ; Major Martin, 1 ; Major Reid, 5 ; Capt Butler, 0; Capt. Watchorn, 2: Capt. Richardson, 4 Capt. Sadler, 1 ; Capt, Henry, 5 ; Capt. Selby, 2 ; Capt. Smith, 2; Lt.-Col. Davies (hon. sec), 8. In moving the adoption of the report, the CHAIRMAN stated that he had a much more pleasant duty to perform at this meeting than at the last annual meeting of the Asso- ciation - that was, to notice a substantial increase in the finances of the Association, it was a very necessary thing that the finan- cial condition of any body should be as sound as possible, and he was pleased to see that the state of the funds of the Rifle Association were not only, upon a sounder basis than formerly, but had materially increased as well, thus showing that the interest in the success of the Association had been strengthened, and its importance ad- vanced. For instance, at the last annual meeting of the Association, the balance to its credit was £18 13s. 2d., whereas upon the present occasion he was pleased to note the rather substantial sum of £65 18s. 10d. standing to the good, after paying away the expenses, etc., incurred at the late meeting at Launceston. This was, however; not the only source of congratulation, as he noticed an increase in the annual subscriptions, which spoke very favourably for the success of the Association. In the year 1890 these annual subscriptions amounted to £18 5s. This year they were more than double that amount. Whilst it was highly satisfactory to be able to read so favourable a result, it con- veyed a lesson to them which was that unless they assisted themselves they could hardly expect others to assist them. In other words, let the Association be once established upon a firm basis and show a permanent improvement in the state of its finances,and they could then with an open face go to the Government and demand those concessions which were so earnestly desired, and in fact considered to be essential to the well-being of the Associa- tion. He was thus glad to see that the substantial improvement in the affairs of the Association this year would enable them to go to the Government in a bettered condi- tion. The meeting at Launceston had un- doubtedly been a great succes. The prizes which were given for the successful com- petitors were all of a liberal nature, and there was, he was pleased to state, no dissatis- faction that he was aware of. He was sorry that they had had no visitors from the other colonies, but hoped that in future years that this would not be so. In fact as their affairs became in a more prosperous condition they were certain to attract the attention of the other colonies, and by and bye when additional inducements were offered he had no doubt, but that they would have a few of those over who might be able to afford the time to absent themselves from home for a few days. He did expect to see some visitors over last time, thinking that the attractions afforded by the Exhi- bition, would be an inducement to them to come, and was slightly disappointed when they did not put in an appear- ance. He was pleased to see that there was so much interest taken in the volley firing competitions. There had been a large number of entries, and this form of practice was one he would like to see encouraged. Another description of firing he would like to see have a prominent place was the skirmishing. He would like to see it practised more than it had been hitherto. Volley firing and skirmishing were, of course, far more practical than individual firing, they being systems in war time adopted in all modes of attack and defence. Altogether he felt pleased to see the affairs of the Association in so promising a condi- tion, and had much pleasure in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. VOTE OF THANKS. Major REID moved a vote of thanks to the retiring officers of the Association. He was pleased to see the retiring secretary there, and hoped that he would live long and be able to fill the post of secretary for many more years to come. It was pleasant to him to listen to the remarks of the chairman touching the success with which the last meeting at Launceston had been attended. It was true that there were many difficulties in the way which had to be surmounted, but he was happy to see that the affair had passed off as smoothly as it did. The range, for instance, was at one time under water, and there were several other little matters, which were of course unforeseen at the time of making these arrangements. He would like, however, to see a positive time fixed for the rifle contests every year, instead of the arrangements being carried out in the way they were at the present time. If a positive and unalterable time were fixed for the matches, so that everyone could make certain of the date, and it would be decisively known when the time the match could be held, he believed that they would receive a greater amount of patronage than they were doing, and as patronage meant a great deal, it was a very important matter. Everyone could not enter into arrangements to fire at a match at short notice. There were all kinds of business matters standing in the way. Besides, there was the practice, which was all important. There were obstacles, it was true, in the way of the times being defi- nitely fixed for holding the matcbes, but he believed that, with a little skill and attention these obstacles could be easily surmounted. The times fixed usually were inconvenient in many ways and clashed with the other colonies' arrangements to a certain de- gree. He did not believe that November was a good month to fix for the rifle con- tests. He thought that if they were arranged to come off in January or February there would be more likelihood of visitors from the other colonies coming over to contest at the meetings. If it was generally known that the matches would come off in the beginning of the year there was no doubt but that the attendance would be larger, and the men would be able to fit their engage- ments accordingly. He again thanked the retiring officers for their services. Sergeant F. LOVETT seconded this, which was carried. ELECTION OF OFFICE-BEARERS. Upon the motion of Major REID, seconded by Captain RICHARDSON, the following office-bearers were elected : - Vice-presidents : His Honor Sir Lambert Dobson, Knt., Mr. Justice Adams, Hon. J. W. Agnew, Hon. B. S. Bird, M.H A .Colonel Bernard, Hon. N. J. Brown, M.H A., Hon. W. H. Burgess, Hon. A. I Clark, M.H.A., Colonel Cox, T. W. H. Clarke, Esq , Major E. L. Crowther, M.H.A., Hon. H. I. Rooke, M.L.C., Mr. Justice Dodds, Hon. P. O. Fysh, M.L.C., Hon. Geo. Fitzgerald, W. P. Green, Esq., Colonel Hume, Lieut.-Colonel Harrap, Colonel Legge, Major Collins, A. P. Miller, Esq , Hon. A. T. Pillinger, M.H.A., J. W, Syme, Esq., Major General Tottenham. Trustees : Colonel Legee, Lieut.-Colonel Warner, Lieut.-Colonel O'Boyle. Auditors: Captain R. C. Lewis aud Lieut. C L. Cutmear. SECRETARY. Captain HENRY moved, and Sapper CEARNS seconded, - "That Lieut.-Colonel J. G. Davies be appointed secretary for the ensuing year." Carried TREASURER Captain RICHARDSON moved, and Master Gunner JAMES CHISHOLM seconded, that Major Albert Reid hold the position of treasurer for the following year. Carried. MEMBERS OF THE COUNCIL On the motion of Lieut.-Col. DAVIES, seconded by Captain HENRY, the following gentlemen were appointed to act as members of the Council :-Col. Warner, Major Evans, Lieut.-Col. O'Boyle, Major Room, Major Wallack, Captains Parker, Sadler, Henry, Watchorn, Richardson, Selby, Smith, and Lieut. Croft. In submitting the names the mover drew the attention of the meeting to the fact that there was a slight alteration in the list. He had some experience with Northern members of the Council, and had not found some of them to be quite as useful as they ought to be. The infusion of a little new blood oc- casionally did no harm in matters of this kind, and he would rather see useful men than ornamental members taking active part in the affairs of the Association. CONCLUDING REMARKS. The business of the meeting being com- pleted, Lieut.-Colonel DAVIES drew the at- tention of those present to several items which, he submitted, if considered by the Council would have a salutary effect upon the affairs of the Association generally. He would like the new Council to pay par- ticular attention to the paragraph in the report with reference to the intercolonial rifle ranges. The paragraph spoke for itself and did not require any explanation. There were many matters to be attended to with reference to this important item, concerning which he would not dilate at that time, but preferred leaving it to the Council to de- termine upon meeting. He hoped, now that there was some new, and he trusted, active, spirit infused into the Council that the outcome of it would be that the Council would have the colony better represented in the future than it had been in the past. He was sure that they all had the interests of the colony at heart, and hoped that that feeling would find its way to the surface in actual business. There would be no difficulty in getting men to come forward to compete for honours if they were given time to make their arrangements and had opportunities offered them to practice in, and he hoped that the Council would devise means for the colony to bring its best men forward into the field from time to time. With proper arrangements there would be no difficulty in judging which were the best men to represent the colony. He agreed in the remarks which had been made con cerning the advisability of having a fixed day for the holding of the annual contests, and if the actual date were made known some 12 months ahead, like the decision of the North-Western Association in the letter he that evening read to the meeting, he felt sure that a greater amount of interest would be taken in the matches, the competition would be keener, a considerable improve- ment in shooting would follow, and the most favourable results would undoubtedly ensue. It was only by the accomplish- ment of a little at a time that good results were to be obtained, and he hoped that the Council would look it up and deal with it at the next meeting. There was a general desire to see the two ranges vested in the Rifle Association. There were many matters connected with the supervision of the arrangements in connection with the ranges which he would like to see considered and altered. There was plenty of room for improvement at the ranges both at Hobart and Launceston. The institution of good and suitable markers would be an improvement in every way. It would save a deal of unnecessary delay which was tedious. In the other colonies the arrangements were of a very different kind, and some benefit might be derived from observing them. A good marker was always to be obtained, and the employment of one at the range could not fail to give satisfaction. He hoped that the Government and the Minister of Defence would be in- duced to enter into some arrangements whereby the Rifle Association would re- ceive greater benefits than it now re- ceived. A better system should be organised, so that the different branches of the ser- vice should have equal privileges, and would not be prevented using the ranges at one and the same time. It might be that a little more expense would be incurred, but even so, the affairs of the Association were in a praiseworthy condition at the present time, and the results would, he felt sure, more than repay them for any expense in- curred in this direction. He moved in con- clusion that the meeting accord a vote of thinks to the chairman for the able services he had rendered the Association in the past. He himself had felt from time to time how able an officer was to be found in Colonel Warner, and the Association might well feel proud of having him with them. He trusted that he would see the Chairman live to fill the post for very many more years to come. The remarks of Lieut.-Col. Davies were received with acclamation. Colonel WARNER, in returning thanks, stated that he felt deeply the honour done him. He had listened attentively to the remarks of the last speaker touching the necessity for having some alterations made in the ranges. He agreed with him in all he had said. It was highly desirable that the colony should be represented at the intercolonial matches, and if a fixed time were appointed for the matches here there would be an improvement all round. He would be glad to see the Association take over the ranges so that the difficulties which were experienced in many matters could be ad- justed to suit the requirements of the men. Another thing he would like to see altered was the mode of procuring ammunition. There was always some little trouble experienced in getting a few rounds of ammunition, an order had to be obtained, and then there was a journey to the stores to make for it. If ammunition were sold on the ground it would save a deal of trouble. Often when a man went for an hour or so he might wish to purchase a few more rounds. These matters, which appeared trifling perhaps, meant a great deal when they were fully considered, and if the Association had greater powers, he had no doubt that they could bring about many improvements. 