LIFE IN LONDON AND THEREABOUT. (CnnOXICLKD.HY Henry Lucy.) A Deane Tkaoedt.-The Ghost still Walk- ing.-Moke Odd Clubs The Great Blowitz. WESTMINSTER, May 27. There are haunts London, and occasionally comes to the top with other sents, a shabbily dressed, pale-faced, one-eyed man, who, just 20 years ago, had, confered upon the pillar of infamy to which he had climbed, the eyes of all English people. From time to time, since the heyday of his career, his name has come up in one or other of the courts at which he once was permitted to practise. He has long been struck off the rolls, but must live somehow, and certainly does, for he appeared the other day before the Judges with a complaint that two members of Parliament declined to present on his be half a petition to the House of Commons. Although 20 years have elapsed, I remember as if it were yesterday the scene in the dingy police court on the Surrey side. I was trying my 'prentice hand in journalism, and had been deputed by the Pall Mall Gazette to note an account of this case. The action was brought by this even then, seedy Solicitor, against an eminent lawyer, Chancellor of the Diocese of London, Vicar-General of Canterbury, and Advocate-General to her Majesty the Queen. With this eminent person was coupled in the defence his wife, a still young and fascinating woman, well known in London society, a lady received at Court and in many of the best houses. I remember how the story was unfolded by the dexterous hands of Mr. Poland, the prosecuting counsel. It showed how, 10 years earlier, immediately on the marriage of the eminent lawyer, a letter reached him making a demand for instant payment of £150 on pain of publication of certain u leged incidents in the bride's career. In a moment of weakness the husband paid a sum of £50, for which he took a receipt in full for all demands. But as soon as the £50 were spent the vampire carne book for more. How much he finally got was never publicly stated ; but, listening to the evidence, it was not difficult to conjure up a picture of domestic torture which exceeds anything Signed by the fancy of the most fertile novelist. Here was her Majesty's Advocate-General, Chancellor of the Diocese of London, Vicar-General of Canterbury, going about his business through the day, and in the evening handing his wife to her carriage, their departure for some bright social scene being watched by the seedy stranger ever lurking round the house, with outstretched hand and the cease- less cry, " More, more." In 1869 things seemed to reach a crisis. The lady's name appeared in the list of persons who had attended the Queen's Drawing-room. Thereupon the Lord Great Chamberlain received a letter signed by the soodily-dressed man, in which he brought definite accusations against the lady before her marriage, alleging that she had lived in immoral life. The Lord Great Cuumoor lain inquired into the matter, and was easily satisfied that there was no foundation for the spiteful ' calumny. Thus rebuffed, the sleuth hound lay low for a time, but he never left the track. A fresh demand for money being met by the harrassed husband with, a deliberate " No," 5 he went to Bow-street Police Court, and on his oath recorded what purported to be her private history, alleging that she was a common strumpet, who had lain even in the arms of this nameless man, and was known to all the regular frequenters of the rowdiest London casinos. This was more than could be met by silence, and after a while a criminal charge of libel was laid against the man, and he was placed in the dock of the Southwark Police Court. The lady having told her story, the man in the dock turned to cross- a examine her. For two long days she bore the ' torture, being dragged through the mire by the ruthless hand of the quietly mannered, seedy looking, pale-faced man, who stared at her with basilisk eyes. All London rang with indignation at the spectacle. If the crowd at the back of the police court, and the still larger mob that waited outside, could have got hold of the creature they would have torn him limb from limb. | I remember very well the close of the second day's cross-examination th well- dressed still girlish figure with the gentle innocent-looking face, fearful under the insults heaped upon her by the man in the dock, who called her strange en- dearing names and spoke with terrible distinctness of scenes of shame he said she had shared with t him. She had passed through the ordeal bravely, and it seemed, triumphantly. Her indignant denial of his story had been unshaken. He was at the end of his father, but had insisted on an adjournment, declaring his intention of putting a few more questions on the following morning. When the morning came the magistrate was on the bench as usual, the prisoner in the dock, the counsel in his place ; the crowd filling the court, and the multitude outside stretching across the roadway. Only one seat was vacant. That was the choir on which the hapless woman had sat through two cruel days, hiding behind the mask of her fair face torture such as few have suffered and lived through. After an anxious interval, Mr. Poland hastily withdrew, amid, presently returning, announced in hushed voice that the lady had determined not again to appear in court, had quitted her home, and fled from London. At this moment, over a space of 20 years, I can recall the gleam of malignant pleasure that flashed for a moment the pale face of the seedy man in the dock. Husband and wife on that day finally disappeared from the lofty and honoured station in which they had moved. But the seedy man, speedier than ever, still floats about in the backwaters of London life, shamelessly coming to the front from time to time as in this action against members of Parliament, but over verifying the forecast with which the magistrate at the Southwark Police Court parted with him. " Your conduct in disease," he said, amid savage cheering from the crowd in court, will cling to you as a reproach to the end of your days, and you will live an object of contempt to all honest men." Since writing last week about quaint out-of-the way London clubs, I have heard of another, which, though it includes the membership of a considerable number of prominent men, is itself unknown. It is called "The Articles," and consists of 39 members, amongst them Lord Rosebery, Sir Charles Russell, Mr. Lockwood, and nearly a score of the younger Radical section of members of the House of Commons. They meet at the National Liberal Club once a fortnight, dine together and discuss the affairs of the nation. Another asso- , ciation to call it a club would seem irreverent; is The Souls. This is a small and very select gathering of both Boxes. Profound secrecy is maintained as to its relations and proceedings. But it is understood that The Souls never do anything so sordid as dining at least not in their corporate capacity. Like the Freemasons they have a secret sign, though as they are all personally acquainted it is not of practical use. Mr. Arthur Balfour was at one time a Soul, but the growing cares of State have drawn him away, and since he became leader of the House of Commons he has ceased to perform the actual functions of member- ship-whatever they may be. The social tion of the week in M. von Blowitz, whom Paris has spared to us for awhile. M. Blowitz, as all the world knows, is the friend, companion, and confidant of princes, kings, em- perors, chancellors, and the Pope. Incidentally he is Paris correspondent for the Times. He very rarely leaves Paris, as, indeed, how could he, seeing that it is the hub of the continental world ? It is understood that of late he has claimed the privilege of partial withdrawal from discharge of his important duties He does not now interview anyone under the rank of a duke, or report conversation of any of lesser degree than a marquis. Still he supervises the general business of the office. Apart from his undoubted journalistic genius he is a very remarkable man, in height he is, I should say, fully 5ft., and in diameter some 3ft. 10in figures, it must be admitted, that do not lend themselves to symmetry. In truth M. Blowitz approaches the grotesque in appearance, but so remarkable is his fascination that with a bevy of ladies, the handsomest man in London has no chance with him. Looking at him in a drawing-room sitting on a sofa, with his foot well off the ground, surrounded by fair and famous women, one thinks of John Wilkes's boast that, with a quarter of an hour's start, he would not fear the competition of any then in the race for a bounty's favour. So superior arc M. Blowitz natural advantages that five minutes start would be enough for him. He line learned English lately, and talks it with fluency, if not always with precision. There is a charming story told of his greeting to his host and hostess when he visited Rosewood on his arrival in England at the end of last week. "And are you well officer... Walter?" he asked, anxious for the state of his host's health "Ah, and there is Madame; who is well off too, I can see." 