Trifles Light As Air. A eram necessity-A ladder, LOST at eca-The sight o£ land* ON his last legs-The kangaroo* BARBERS should pay a pole tax. BEAUTY ib the mustard of low. THE old " corner"-Com -whisky. Scientxpio boxing-Boxing the compass* A GHOST of a show-The living skeleton. A MOVEMENT on loot-Chasing a cable ear. GERMANY is very powerful on the high seize. A buskins account-Report of a horse race. A sudden inspiration is bat a sneeze of the mind. HOPS is a awing in which wa vibrate all our life. Am article with some snap to it-The whip-lash. Is is the runaway horse who lives a life of whoa. THE maid o' the missed-The girl I left behind me. BATHER loud anC brassy-The bell of the engine room. AUDACITY is a viaduct thai serves in diffi cult passages. To those who are in need we should always lend-an ear. Mutton often looks ahecpisb when placed before company. PROTECTIONIST : "There's no tariff on knit ted brows. WE call that man an egotist who is not all the time thinking of as. A CORN palace-The protuberance on a man's boot over his f avonte, __ What length should a lady's dress be? A little above two feet. A queeriiT-DHKSSED man is not always a guy. He may be a dis-guyeeddake. A young man oalls his girl "Opportunity," because he so gladly embraces her. _ BOY (seeing some steamers for the first time): " See the locomotives bathing." Wo HEN, cats and birds are the creatures that pasB the most time at their toilette. "HE has an unusual amount of wis dom." " He ought to have, for he never uses any." TRAMP : "A piece of fresh bread I They don't give that every day. I'll keep it for to morrow. THE experienced man remains cold before a woman's tears as an expert jeweller before falge pearls. Besucrant waiter? " What will yon take, sir V" Irascible parson: "I shall take cold. Shot that door." MAN is about the only animal who " draws in bis hotnb" through biB mouth. IT is not safe for a woman to be in a mowing boat alone, as she has at best but one sku'I. Wiiex a man takes a couple of large "horns," no wonder that he gets bull headed. AN old-faehioned fellow being chided by hit wife for eating with his knife, excused him self by saying: " Silver forks are all right erough for those with whom they agree, but my system re quires iron." HUSBAND : " My wife is past all en durance. Every day she comes to me for money." Friend: " What, with your simple house keeping ? It is incomprehensible what she docs with it." Husband: "Ob. Bhe can't do anything with it, because I don't give her any." POSEYBOY : " I tell you, Miss Skittish is the smartest and prettiest girl in this city. There are no flies on her." Ponsonby: " No, but I should think there would be." Poseyboy: " Why J'' Ponsonby: " Because she is so sweet."; Tho neat old lady in Penshurst who scruo bed through the floor and fell into the cellar is bat one among many of the very ruoa females with which our country abounds. We know a good lady in Warrnambool who whitewashed all the wood she burnt; and another, in Geelong, who nsed three times a day to scour the nose of her lap-dog to keep him from soiling the plate from which heate his meals. Susan Nipper, on hearing that an emi nent sculptor was "at Work on a bust," ex claimed that she couldn't cee &ow; any man could work when be was on a bust. " There's that Sid Walker," she said, " he's been on a bast ever sinoe he had that ££-note paid him, and he ain't good for nothing whatever to work." A vagrant oalled at a house on a Sunday, and begged for Bome cider. The lady re fused to give him any, and he reminded her of the oft-quoted remark, that she "might entertain an angel unawares." ? " Yes," said she, " bat angels don't go aboat drinking cider on Sundays." Quite Correct.-" Well, farmer, yon told as your wood was a good place for hunting; now we've tramped through it for three hoars, and found no game." " Just so. Well, I calculate, as a general thing, the less game there is, the more hunt ing you have." "In what condition was the Patriaroh Job at the end of his life?" asked a Camden Sunday-school teacher of a quiet-looking boy at the foot of the class. "Dead," calmly replied tha calm-looking boy. Street fakir; " Shoe-strings, sir ; shoe strings 1" MoHurry:" Can't yon see that I'm wearing buttoned-shoes t" Street fakir: "Yes, sir; that's why I thought maybe your laced ones were at home without strings." Dry-goods dealer (politely, to cus tomer who has made a purchase): " Won't yon sit down, sir, while waiting for your package ?" Customer: "Well, I have been sitting down more or lees. Haven't yon got a bed handy so that I oan lie down f" An Irish ionrnaleaya . "Thefollowing bill was presented by a farrier to a gentleman in this town: ".To curing you pony that died, £1 Is.'" Repentance will, in time, remove tha stains of sin; bnt alas 1 to remove the stuns from silk dresses the only thing left os is to dye. If yon boast that yon are going to take the bull by the horns, be careful that he doesn « take.you on them. ?'' A coquetted a box of snuff from whieh every lover takes a pinch. . Herhnsbapd gets the boi^-on tgM^Kj 11 i- 'je j ;-i? "jr ' 'Tcf cut off a tKjgff taii!wiu nOtiriterfeie <^ltfi his carriage, bat it will effectually etpp 5»is1tsfflggin>. 5 ^jBgjgfe ia a wiso man like a pinf ». «ane9 tttfhas got a good head, and comes to® jpoint. #' . Mlisic^a* barrel organs, to^nakfi-eafflge .the calmest breast. -«..-«* Poos old Donaldson fell down and broke tbe'treafleaofiris npae.''"*" " DonU*y<m-meanthe "bridge f" , ^oa^might .pall it abridge.but asno .water,pasewkucflgr. it Itbought <tttte|oitfi$ , word belter. 