ROUND CAPE HORN. We did not sail through the Summer seas of the route via the Cape of Good Hope, but round C^pe Horn, •which is accounted somewhat dangerous in the summer. The ice then breaks tip in the Polar regions, and drifts noithward in huge, glittering 'masses, which tower at times hundreds of feet oct of the water, and appal the passenger who, after listening. to the weird tales of death associated with these glossy floating islands, looks upon them for the first time. Once, when a ship left port never to return, people ascribed its disappearance to pirates. But the days of piracy in Austial seas have gone with those of the Flying Dutchman, the spectral ship of old Vanderdecken, and its grisly crew; " to look upon whese fleshles-s heads was death' .—with the times which the snperstitious FaiJor refused to sail on Friday, and in which the British flag held not yet supremacy in the Spanish Main. From Sydney to Cape Horn is a distance of 5,800 miles; and, after passing the coast of New Zealand, 1200 miles from your port of departure, 1 yon meet with no land save ' The Antipodes' (a clastre of rocky islets rising abrnptly out of the sea,' until you reach the iron-bound locacelity of Patagonia, about the inhabitants of which little is known sare that they are most enthusiastic cannibals. At least ohe or two vessels sailing between England and Australia disappear anually, and no word of them . .ever again reaches shorty They strike icebergs in the gloom of night or fog, and go down like the plummet of a sounding-line, sending all hands to ' the beautiful bright . veiled world wbere the'glad ghosts meet.' I remember several Anglo-Ajistralian vessels which have mysteriously disfcpdeared—among them, during the last few years, the Loch Maree, Loch ' Fyne, and Strathneven. The captain of the latter, who was a good sailor and a brave jpan, once.told, at Scowen's cafe, Sydney, how he, had found himself ieihbayed by night, Vith two ;other shjpp, in, which subsequently proved tqbeahugh horseshoe-shaped iceberg. There was no turning back 5 —behind him was a fierce gale. He steered north—and met ice. Northeast-^-ico again. Southeast—more ; ice. Death stired him in the face The passengei-s shrieked—their wails, he said, sounded is his ears like a funeral knell. Bbt, when all hope had been abandoned, One of the orew saw in the berg a dark spot which, the captain thbnght, might be an opening. And he stefefed for 'if, and passed safely through—though, as the Bhip glided between the horrid cliffs of glass, pieces of ic« dropped upon the deck from a hundred feet above the musts. The' othter' two vessels Btrack and went down, aind will not be heard of more till the sea giveR up its dead. Next voyage the Strathneven and its captain left harbor never to return. Pfcrhaps this time she struck a femall piece of drift ice below the water-line, and went down—or it may, have happened thai, - when only too late,~ the'" paptain* and his men heard the seiuwav&5 • breaking on some icy cliff of doom. In daylight,, a greaj. iceberg affords an inexpiessibly beautiful spectacle, ^t moves Almost impeicSptibly with the wind ajid current, and often gives you the impression that one of those lovely while and fleecy clouds you see on an autqnin evening, when the gold of the dead supimer vainlj strugo-les •with the wintry grey of the fall'' of of the year, had been taken down and Bet on edge, and was being drawn before you as in the panorama of a dream. But if even ou a dim day, beneath a leaden sky, the iceberg is an enchanting- sight, what shall one say when, his ;faculties invig irated and his sense of enjoying all that is facinating in nature quickened by the piercing breezes of the South, he sees it in the cnld and quiet moonlight, or in ' starshine dream,laden,' bathed in translucent rays, which glitter and shimmer on its minarets of diamonds, on its fluted columns and cliffs of burnished silver, and on its unattainable mountain sidings, which, like gigantic tracts of uncut opal, show here and there transcient gleams of burning red and blue, f»nd which liere and there are sombre as the grave, black as the gloomy abysses on which its frozen pinnacles majestically look cown ! Icebergs as large as the 1 island of St. Helena have been met with in these seas. They slowly drift up from the desolate Antarctic regions, from the dark and 5 mysterious Victoria Land, where exists no , vegetation nor terrestrial quadruped, and whose frowning coast-line of Jrjfty mountains covered with eternal snow is fringed by a perpendicular frozen barrier 150 feet high—an apparently endless unbroken line of icy wall. We of Australia sometimes 1 >ner to see that unknown country 4 where the pelican builds her nest'—a country that has, ifi jnj mind, long been associated with the idea if Utopia, and in which may | mw, peichance. I>e settled the lon^list Leichh.irdt. Jn Victoria Lmid, mayhap, the snlitaiy sea-bird which has, three thousand miles from the n*ai-est land inhabitable of man, followed onr ship for days, first sawlight—the light it may have been of the stately giant Erebus, 12.400 feet above sea-level, which vomits foith a torrent of fire beside which the dispay of 2tn:i would be insignificant and which sheds its lurid gleams upon icecliffs that were of immeasurable antiquity a hundred ages ere the Pyramids were built. An ancient and sti-ong-minded lady passenger had been trying all day to catch that magnificent albatross with hook and line. Bnt ' pretty cocky' won't bite. The lady explains that she wants its splendid breast ' for a mnft.' What cares she for the frown of that eccentric old German sailor, who sees in the albatross a re-incarnation of the soul of some departed seaman and wistfully gazes southward towards the land where the angelic form that now encases the spirit of his dead brother has squatted on blue ice-oliffs benoath Mount Tf rr or, and gazed upon manifestations of the Aurora-Australis more glorious than any y^t vouchsafed to the sight of mortal man ? The lady is practical. She is a boarding-house keeper, and cannot comprehend why the bird should soar towards heaven, instead of de- G M ceiving to her little lump of pork. Perhaps she also wonders whether the albatross would make good ash, and whether the boarders would know the difference. That is the second stage of the journey- Long ere you reach Cape Horn you nave left behind you everything, save the Southern cross, which directly reminds yon of Australia. Most of the birds have gone, and almost the only evidences of life npw seen on the ocean are the spout of an occassional wbnle, and the mncb less frequent serial circling of a " mollyhawk." The departure of the birds seems to have dated from the time at which the now murky sky ceased to flush at sunset, or to recall in any sense, the splendid pageants of our tranquil tropic evenings. The thermometer i8 below freezing point, and the fog at short intervals so dense thit you can oee nothing three ship,s lengths ahead. Very different, this, from my remembrances of the warm evenings in "the long wash of Australasian seas," when one stood on deck and watched the rapid gliding of the huge phosphorescent bubbles in the wake of the ship—bubbles, blue, sometimes, as the cloudless icy sky of the Queensland uplands on a winter's night—bubbles which look as the shells of bubbles of tar or of aniline dye would look were they filled with sulphur smoke and harried past on the pearly foam beneath the gale of the electric light. I had seen much phosphorescent water, but never as it was there presented to me—in the shape of huge flakes of floating fire that career along running water into which bitumen flows from a burning warehouf*. And when your imagination is excited rather by the sounds you hear than by the sights you see—on a dark night, when the swell comes up astern, and the wind whistles through the rigging, and the ship rolls and heaves uneasily—you may, as the desultory clanking of the iron chain upon the iron mast falls upon your listening ear, bear the din of the ghostly boilermakers, who, at fitful intervals mockingly hammer the sides of iron ships that have gone down into the awful depths of ocean with many sailor-men. "When the captain's little danghter, in " the wreck of the Hesperus," heard the church-bells ring her fat her said it was " a fog-bell on rock-bonnd coast." Not so here, for ever and anon is borne to the listening landsman the faint clangour of the bells that ring in Dreamland, whose echoes float upon the winds that blow from the pole, and are lost among the wave-crests. Yon hear cathedral chimes upon the chnrchless deep, and listen to the sound of oars in seas where no rowers row. From an English source:—* In some of the older States of America an aristocracy ha B sprung up, which prides itself of deFcer.t fmin long dead governors, and has portraits of ancient worthies to establish its claim. Jn time/no doubt, Australians will have similar aspirations, and with equally good reason '; but at present th« existence among- them of anything datingback beyond fifty year? causes excitement and a certain amount of scepticism. A Titian, or something lifc e it, is be found at Ballarat in the possession of a rich farmer, and the owner's neighbours are in- clined to put dovm the discovery of the picture as a bold but unwarranted attempt on his part to prove that he hnd ancestors. The painting is one of Cupid awakening Venus, and L om the description I should judge it to be genuine.* Mrs. Banks—• I bought Miss Highton's sweet little png to-day for a sovereign.' Mrs. Brooks—* How did you manage it ? She told me she wouldn't take fifty ponnds for it.' 'Oh, easy enough. I bought it from her husband.* Moy Hoe, a Chinaman, whose headquarters are at San Francisco, has one of th e most eurious contracts of any existing in United States. He is employed by the Chinese companies at the Golden Gate to seek out and gather the bones of his deceased countrymen for shipment back to China. In carrying out his duties he travels incessantly fr m one extremity of the United States t-> another. He hns collected the bones of thousands ! of Chinamen "Howabsurd it is in a ir.nn to refv.snt« tell his age. Now iurt ta.ke Mr. Me e 'ith, 1-e must he forty ; but he gets quit« cross if you ask him. Why, forty is nothing for a man.' " No, bur he has a twin sister, consider how rough F?IC would make it for him if she heard of his hlahhing.' Laplanders eft mi skat-? a distance of loO miles a day. Some jx-op'e we know in Piiie skite a thousand milts a day. 