'THBOiTGH THICK AND THIN.' BY THE AUTHOR OP MYWIFE OR ZXIS. [all eights besebved.] (Commenced in the Evening News, Aiignst 10.) CKAPTER VII. — Won. Marion did not see her father again that night. He was closeted with Six Paul from the moment of his arrival, and sent -word by that gentleman that he was busy and could not see hfix^ ' Not even to wish me good-night?' igte'said wondering; '.wJiai' has oome to papa ?' ' Nothing I hope, except that he is very much occupied with the business that brought me here.' 'Papa never used to let business inter fere with my seeing him,' Bhe said, a little troubled by this unexpected check. 'You had better take him at his word to-night, Miss Rivers,' Sir Paul said, and his tone was very gentle and deferential. ' I think he would rather not be dis turbed.' *' Of course I shall not disturb him,' she said a little haughtily. ' I will say good-night to you, Sir PauL'! 'And with a sweeping bow she turned and left the room without another word. ** Always between papa and me,' she said to herself bitterly as she shut th« door of her own room. ' Whenever there is any thing disagreeable, anything that seems to part us, if only for a moment, Sir Paul Chesney is at the bottom of it. I hate him! hate him I' she repeated ; ' and papa, poor darling, wants me to marry him. I know he does. I would not be that manVwife for the fortune of an empress. I should see the ghost of that dead girl every hour of my life.' She was half inclined to be angry with her father, too, for letting any business come between her and her nightly chat with him. She was not to know that it was because he dared not that the banker shut himself from her, because he would not have her read in his face the terrible struggle that was going on in his heart. Ee could not have spoken to her without breaking down, and he wanted the night to prepare himself for what he should have to say to her on the morrow. He did not appear at breakfast, but sent a message asking her to attend to Sir Paul Chesney, and send hi™ up a cup of tea. She did it, and strove to be civil at least to the baronet, who was carefully attentive to jber, but did not make any special ?;Iaini. on her attention. She was grateful ?o him for not trying to make conversa tion, for she was filled with a vague appre hension that she could not account for, and a dread of something she could not tell what. After breakfast, to her great delight, Sir Paul announcalfcibat he was going out, and clarion made iser -way to her father's room, wh are she 'had only the morning before fnund him senseless on. the ground. It was tho library, but Mr. Rivers liked, it better than, any toddx in the Jiouae, and indeed, a \\{-leafianter placa in which either to transact business or while away an idle hour could Jiardly be found. It was on the sheltered side of the house ; the wild Atlantic gales affected it but little, amd trailing creepers and climbing roses hung about it in pro fusion. The roses were over now, and th« autumn was tinting the creepers with all shades of red, but the aim still shone .pleasantly over the pretty garden, and there were plenty of powers left to make a charm of color and fragrance all around. Inside it was lined with books almost from floor to ceiling, for Mr. Rivers had bought them with the house of the widow of the former proprietor, and had let them remain in their old arrangement, which had been made to suit the shape and style of the room. Marion called it a harmony in. brown and green, and, indeed, everything in it looked harmonious, and the banker and Mb daughter seemed to harmonise with the quiet, refined air of the place. Marion, knocked at the door ; somehow she could not dash in in her usual impetuous fashion .—Sir Paul Chesney had brought the pro prieties with him, she said to herself. But there was no response, and she softly opened the door. Mr. Rivers was seated at the table, his head buried in his hands, .and somethig so forlorn in his whole aspect .that his daughter ran to his side eager to cheer and comfort him. 'Papa, papa, darling,' she said anxi ously. ' What is it ? What is the matter P' He lifted his eyes and looked at her — a look so full of weary sorrow and sadness that it made her heart ache. ' Is that you, child f ' he said, in a tired voice that seemed to have no ring in it. 'Yes, papa,' She drew a stool to his side, and sat down upon it, taking his hand and. resting her head on his knee. i ' Aye, sit there, child,' he said to her. 'I can talk to you better so. I have some thing to say to you, Marion.' ' Yes, dear.' ? She could not find another word. Her voice choked and died ; she was frightened, she scarcely knew why. ' I want to spieak to you about — about — Sir Paul Ohesney.' 'Yes, papa.' * The tone was a little hard bow. There could be nothing pleasant to be said to her ha. connection with Sir Paul Chesney. - ' I think you have guessed my wishes and his before now,' the banker said, try ing to speak lightly and naturally, though the hand that caressed her bright hair trembled terribly, and the white lips that Marion could not see from where she sat quivered so ^^My i^ftt it;yas with diffi culty the w«yd«rtweraf:iip6^en j 'Delias, asked me for ? your hand, my dear — he wants you for his wife.' ' He need not have troubled you, papa,' Marion «aid, quietly j ' he knows what my answer will be. I would not marry him to. share a throne with him I' ' Marion 1.' ! . '1 wouldn't, papa.' ' *' I am sorry to hear you say that, my dear, because ? ' ' Because what, papa ?' ' Because I have given him my word, Marion. I have promised him.' ' You have promised, and for me ? I cannot help it, papa. I will not marry him.' « Child, you must — to save my honor!' The words were almost hissed into her ear, and Marion started up, recoiling from her father, who seemed to have changed into someone else, so strange and altered did ne looia His face was working with terrible agitation, and the hand he laid on hep* arm was burning with fever hsat and biiooh: as JJ. wren ague. ' Stop and listen to me,' he said. ' You know what ruin means. It is upon us — it will engulf us in Buch misery as you. have never dreamed of, and you can avert it He can save us, and you have only to put your hand in his and say you will be his wife, and we shall be free — free from the shame and the dishonor that are closing in with every fleeting moment.' Marion looked at her father with a white, sick horror in her face, only half under standing his words. He had said, 'you must,' and the words had sounded full of pain ; but she had not the clue yet* He had talked about shame and disgrace, but she had not grasped the full significance of the sentences. Ruin was an unknown thing to her, and shame did not seem possible where her father was concerned. Her heart beat till «he felt almost suffo cated, and she could hardly speak. ' I — -I don't understand,' she said, and her father grasped her arm almost fiercely in his agitation. ' No,' he replied j « but you shall, Marion, you shall.' He put her into the chair from which he had risen, and knelt beside her, clasping her with an almost agonised clasp as he spoke to her with averted face. ' Save me, Marion,' he said. ' You can do it, and only you. Marry Sir Paul — be his wife. He loves you, and he will be good to you. If you do not ?' ' What if I do not ?' She hardly knew her own voice, it was so hard and strange. She felt hard — she did not comprehend yet what was before them. ' I dare not think,' the banker said. ' I can look forward to nothing except what I will not face. If you refuse, child, I shall not be alive to-morrow to hear how the world's tongues wag over the story.' He laughed — a laugh that almost froze her blood in her veins ; it was so wild. He was going mad, and she looked at him in terror. ' I am not mad, child,' he said. ' Every word I have spoken is the truth.. ., Marion, myjdarling, you must marrySir PanL' ? ' Try and tell me all about it, papa,' she said, very quietly. *' I must understand before I can. say anything different to what you have already heard.9' He could not look at her. He held her in his arms as he knelt beside her, and, with bent head and averted eyes, he told his story. There was none to hear what passed between them, but Sir Paul Chesney sat in the dining-room and waited, when he was told on his return that Miss Rivers was with her father. ' Don't disturb them, Heaton,*' he said to, Mr. Rivera's man. ' I shall hear Miss Rivers come out, I daresay.' Heaton went his way, and Sir Paul waited, smiling to himself. ' Whichever way it goes I win,' he said to himself — « whether Marion consents or not. She will consent— she must, if he tells her plainly, as he wilL He has no fancy for a prison, in spite of his high flown notions, and she will do anything to save him, or I do not know her.'1 The library was close to the dining room — a door of communication opened from one to the other. Penlutha was an oddly-built, straggly place, not constructed according to any known rules of architec ture ; it had grown by degrees from a com paratively insignificant house into its pre sent state, and rooms were where you least expected them, as Marion laughingly said, when she first explored it, The baronet could hear the murmur of voices as he sat, but could not distinguish anything that was said or hear any movement. Mr. Rivers and his daughter were evidently discussing matters very quietly. Marion was listening to reason, no doubt, like a sensible girl. Presently he heard a startled exclama tion, a sort of cry, and started up listening. Then the door was flung violently open and Mr. Rivers appeared. ' Is that you, Heaton?' he said. ' Some water — quick 1' « I think I shall do as well,' Sir Paul said, snatching up the water-caraffe from the sideboard, and darting into the library where Marion lay, -white and .cold, in the chair where she had been sitting ; ' don't call anyone, she will soon be better.' ' She is deaa, and I have killed her !' ' ' Nonsense ! Just lift her head a little — so } put this pillow between it and the arm of the chair ; she will -soon be better. You have told' her, I suppose P' 'Yes.' 'Well?' ' There is your wife, Sir Paul) if she does not die of the grief and shame of it all before her wedding-day.' 'You are sure?' ' «* She hafe given me her word ; * she will not break it, poor child, if her heart does not break first.' ? _ ? « There shall he so he.art-break for her with ; me, my darling,' the baTonet-said, ' She is coining to herself. I will go. She can see me presently, when s&!e is herself again. You are quite sure /you are not deceiving yourself and me, Rivers?' ' ' I am quite sure that my cj iild has given, her word that she will xnajrry you,' -the, banker replied in a tremulojos 'voice. ? He; seemed to h£,ye suddenly (turned into an old man, trembling and fee7 &le.; * ? Sir Paul turned and left;,, the room, say ing he would send Dallfts, and Marion opened her ejes to eee »waiy her father bending over her. . ' . ' . -3 'Is it true, papa?' shi a asked, and he j bent his head and said, ' Yes, dear, it is true.' .-: . She made an effort and -sat up as Dallas came in, terribly alarmed. -. ' I think I have overdont - myself a little,' she said. ' I will go to, my room for a little while.' Her manner was so octd, and her voice so cold and hard, that Dallas looked at hex in astonishment. ' Whatever has come -fo ber ?' she said to herself. ' There mus b have been bad news, I think.' It was all parfc- and-parcal of the trouble that had made the mast er faint, - she de cided within herself, and she was dis creetly silent tillMarionht jraelf enlightened her. ' Oh, Dallas,' she said, in the same hard, queer tone that had starfclod her maid be fore, ' if ' you hear any gossip about -Sir Paul Chesney, you ne ed not take, thg trouble to contradict it — tihe matter is settled now.' ' That you are goi&ig-; to marrv him, Miss ? Is that it f ' Dallas said on delighted surprise. ' Yes ; it is arranged-. Don't talk about it any more, please ; £*t least, to me. I never want to hear the subject mentioned again.' (TO BE COKtllNUED.} 