AMUSEMENTS. CHARADES. My Jir* t giveB light, ray sccond gives light, aud my wlwle gives light? — Firo-brand, I place my whole around my Jirtc, and my second over my whole ?— Waistooat. My second aud my wJwle are sometimes seeu on ray first ?— Neok- Iace. My firnt is a circle, mv toeond a cross ; . If you meot with tehole, look out for a toss? — Dx \Vhnn » m v *--1*7* lio ia trainA^ far my first}— Nacehorse. My firxt is a desert animal, my second's a savage animal, aud my n'Jittle is a tali animal ? — Camel- LeopaM. My firxt is a vegetable, my second is a domestic foul, my whole is a handsome bird ? — Pea- cock. My first is a tree, my second a joiot of meAt, and my ivkole a town in England 7— OiB-ham. DECAPITATIONS. Whole, I am a brittle minoral substance ; behead me, 1 am a girl ; again, I am a animal ; once more, aud behold two oon- sonants ? — Glass-lass-ass-ss. Whole, I am to glide; behead me, and I am a girl's name; agaiu, aud I devour?— Skate-kate-afe. Whole, I signify to hold ; behead me, I am berry ; behead me again, I am a venomous serpent ?— Grasp- raap-asp. Complete I denote delight ; behead me, I am a contract ; behead me again I am tranquility ?— PJeaae-leaseease. Complete, I am virtue ; beheaded, I am a generation ; again, I am a trifle ?— Grace race-ace. Complete, I am a report ; behended I am violent; again, aud I'am a tree ?— Crash-rash' ash. 'Complete, I am very useful to those persons who have become me when bareheaded ?— G.iid-old. Whole, I am worried by dogs; beheaded, I am eaten by men ? — Fox ox. Complete, I am very us.-ful in th-j winter time ; beheaded, I am what motit people do ? -Glove-love. GAME OP I LOVE MY LOVE. This game may be played by any number, each taking a letter as it comes to ber turn. Acy mistake or hesitation ioours a peualty of a forfeit. She that begius may say. A. I love ray love with an A because he is Artless. I bate him with an A. because he is Avaricious. He took me to Mr. Alleu's shop, and treated me to Apples and Almouds. His nauie is Abraham, and he comes from Adelaide. GAME OF CUPID. Each takes a letter till the whole alphabet ia completed ; the first girl, for instance, say ing, Cupid comes Afiable. A. Cupid ootne8 Afiable— or Affected— or Angry. B. Cupid comes Begging — Bouncing— Boast* ,Dg' GAME OF THE APPRENTICE. In this game the players begin by each say ing, 'I apprenticed my son to — any trade he may choose, say a greengrocer, and '* the first thing he eold was an A.' The next boy asks, 'Was it an apple?'' 'No.' 'Was it an apricot?' 'Wo.'' 'Was it an arti choke?' 'Yes.' Each person is only allow ed one guess, and the ono who guesses rightly take it iu turn to apprentice his son, ' CONUNDRUMS. What ties two people together, yet touches i on'y one ? — A wedding ring. »»uctb -iv i-»iiBttuu. luuweuppueu gmuiu ; — l)u the field of battle. Why is the sun like a good loaf?— Because it contains many currants. Why are tears like potatoes? Because they sp ing from the eyes. Why is Queen victoria like a hat ? Because they both have crowns. What are tbe oldest tops in tbe world ? Mountain tops, ' What should a clergyman preach about?1 About half an hour. i When are secrets like the sails of a ship?— When they get wind. ; When is a captain in his heaviest attire ? — When he wears his ship, Who is most iikeiy to divulge the Becrcts of a bank. ?— Tbe teller. When is an artist like a cook t— When he's drawing a little duck. When a lady fain's, what figure does she need ?— You must bring ber 2, ' When are children like fishermen ?— When they are wailing (whaliog) What is the difference between tbe earth aud sea ?— One is dirty, tbe other tidy. When do nun's heads resemble their dwellings?— When they are covered with titles. Why ia a dishonest bankrupt like an honest poor man ?— Bfcaus* be fails to get rich. What workraxn must always havo his glass before he- can do a day's work?— A glazior. Why are ripe potatoes in the ground like thieves 1— Because they onght to be taken op. Why is a man whocan4t learn by experience like a laurel ?— Because he is an evergreen. When does the captain of a steamer become a medical man ?— When he's docked her. Why 8 a lobster a most intellectual shell* fish 7 -Because, even when boiled, it is deeply red. Why does a wooden-legged man yon ?— Because he is one foot less than when born. Why are young ladiea like belle ?— Because you can never fiud tbfeir metal until you have given thetn a ring. What is the difference bctwoen a hurdy gurdy man and a double tooth ?— One is a organ grinder, tbe other a grinding organ. Which is the m rat dissipated city in the world ?— Berlin, for it is always on the Spree. When is a baby a four-footed animal?— Wheu it is a little dear (deer). When ib a good tea like pure water ?— When it is well drawn. What vice is thot which it is frequently advisable to follow ?— Advice. Wben is a buiteifly like a kiss ?— When it alights ou tulips. What time by the clock ib the best for a pun ?— A joke takes best when it strikes one. Why do ladies have to replenish their ward* robe so often ?— Because their new clothn are sure to be woro out ab snon as they get them. What is the differencc between a railway train and au iusolvcnt bank?— Id one case the break causes a stoppage, in the other tbe stoppage cau»ea the b-eak. Why is the itidorser of a promisssory bote called a surety ?— Because he is almost suie to have to pay it. Why is a hotel- ghost like a policeman?— Because it is an inu-spectre. Why are good husbands like dough ?— Because women need them. When is a chimney like a chicken ?— Whon it is a little foul. Wiiat is that which we ofteu return, yet never borrnw ?— ' Thanks. What ia often found where it ie not?— Fault. If you throw a man out of a window, what does he fall against ?— His loc ination. What do we do when, to increase the effeot, we diminish the cause? Snnff the candle. | Enough for one, too much tor two, aod i notbiug at all for three ?— A secret. : Why is a secrot like silence ?— Because vou cannot talk about it and keep it. ' I What is the beat colour for a good action ? ' Dun. ^Wbat is the colour of a grass-plot covered with soow ? — Green. What are the colours of the wind aud storm ?— ' The wind, biuc— the storm rose. 