POETRY. EASTER HYMN OF ATHENS. They stood In the shadows the Court nnd the people, And waited I he midnight, the priests chanting low. Kath hand claBped a torch. In tbe darkness, unllghted, Ia the palpitate air but one Light roBe aglow The thin moon sank golden o'er Salamla waters, The lambentstars burned o'er Hymettns and white The Acropolis lifted Its blossoming marbles Theseus'« ghost 'mid pale columns ol night " He will rise 1 lie will rise I" breathed the Patriarch lowly , " ne will rise < He will rise 1" said the people, and still The priests chanted on. the one Christ-light above them, And iadtd the moon irom tile Capitol rilli 1 A sound rends the sky, the deep voice of the cannon, And Chritl s unes»! 1 aßeendi from each tongue, From tin Christ flame in air has the King lils torch kindled, And the flame is fast speeding the people among. Each Jubilant torch swiftly feindlea another. The One Flame is filling Hie eily with light, The noble the shepherd boy hailB as a brothir And the shout of " Anesti 1 lead» onward the uight. Tiley are shouting, the tomplis of l'on and Apollo, They are singing, the shrines of the Muses again, From Pelion s pines to the groves of Ilie«os From the fijrduis of Pluto, to Marathon's plain 1 The old Bhrincs arc shouting " AncBti 1 Amstl !" Minerva is vanished, and Delphi ia dumb, ' And Theceus'a columns are empty ana brokon, But the Zeus long unknown to his altar has come 1 Hoste ' haste to Mars' Hill, where once stood the Apostle, 'Mid the close crowding t< mples oí Victor and seer , The priest* In the night the sweet canon arc singing, Haste, haste ye the glorious anthem to hear! The hymn ot fat John of Damascus ia thrilling The heart of the walcliers with rapture divine , Hie moon has gone down, but over liymettus, The stars ot the morning, like vestal-lamps shine " Hail, mora ot Resurrection ' To earth proclaim the word 1 Kow comes to hopo immortal fhe Passover oí God I Lord shrive cur hearts from evil, And give our spirits sight, That we may hail with gladness fhe Insurrection light ! " All hall < said Jesus risen. All hall 1 our Ups shall ray, Ye heavens, be bright and jojful Ibis Rcurrection day I Lord, shrive our hearts from evil, And give our spirits sight, That we may hail with gladness lbe Resurrection light 1 " Let people unto peoplp Proclaim the joy nbroad. Our Christ has died und ris°n lho Passover oí God Lord, shrive our hearts from evil ' And give our spirits sight That we may hall with gladness The ltesurrectioa light !" Tis morning in Athens, the broad sun is shining Oh lone Caryatids, through Propylons dumb, But the Cro«s gleams above the dead shrines of the city. The Zeui long unknown to his altars has eorae, The white palace sleeps in the shade of the mountain. The west winde breathe balm, and the ellver chimes cease, And Peace leads the hours for the Lord has aiUen, And blesses the earth with the gladness of peace ! 