JULIAN TREVOR. CiiAi\TCHl VI. BuT two oager eyes had witnessed it through a window which overlooked the very spot where tile baronet and Ethol had been sitting. The person who thun peered into the brilliantly-lighted ballroom was a young man, shabbily dressed, but not unprepossessing in appearance. As the air without was rather chilly, he had turned up the collar of his thread bare overcoat about his ears. From his position at tihe window he could eou Etheol and her companion dis tinetly, and could even catch some of the words which fell from their lips. He could observe the look of mingled distrust and bewilderment in her face, and tile half-soowl which distorted the baronet's features. " There you are," he said, in a tone of deep emotion, " the man that has wrecked my lifoe; the man who seeks to gain all that I lived for, and who hopes to enjoy it on the strength of having destroyed met But waitl Nemesis is on your traclk I The grave sometimes gives up its dead. I must hide my time, and then strike." These enigmatic sentences weoro un. heard by anyone, for they were only the muttered expression of the young man's broodings. His thoughts ran on " Is she never to be mine ? Henco forth must I regard myself as an out cast P Have I lost everything, includ ing my own individuality P So it seems. There she sits, indifferent to my exist ence, beside the man I bate I I am but a shadow, a kind of ghost, with no claim to mingle amongst living human beings. I have come all the way from Manitoba, it seems, on a fool's errand. Who will believe that I am anything better than an adventurer? My place is taken, and I am as good as dead. I must come to catch a glimpse of her face through a window stealthily, like a thief or a spy. And shei is lovely, by heaven I gloriously lovely I and I am as far apart from her as heaven is from hell 1 " Thus his heart gave vent to its poent. up emotions. He continued to watch the dancers with a sad smile on his face. lIe be gan to shiver as once more his glance returned to Ethel and the baronet. " Married I " hie muttered. " Ay, they will surely be married, and I shall be living to know it II almost wish I had really perished that day rather than live to see her another's man's wife I " At length, wearying of the mono tony of his position, he dropped lightly to the ground, and concealed himself behind a clamp of shrubs. Anhour two hours - passed, and he listened automatically to the strains of clear, sweet music that stole forth from the ball-room into the night. In spite of the terrible dejection that overpowered him, he lingered, fascinated, reckless of the possibility of detection. To wards daybreak, be half-rose up from his crouching posture, and shook him self, feeling a sense of fatigue in every member of his body. Suddenly he stepped back again into his hiding place, for a carriage, whose red lamps glared luridly amid the half-darkness, drove up to the front door. A lady presently came cout, wrapped up in soft furs, and with bold features which, though handsome, had little feminine charm, at least in the eyes of this homeless young man who was now gazing at her eagerly. A gentleman followed, wearing a fashionably-made overcoat which hung loosely over his evening dress. "What an enjoyable night it lian been t" murmured the lady. "Really, Sir Julian, I don't remember having spent so many pleasant hours for many years." " I am so glad," the gentleman re turned; then, lowering his voice, he added: "you are playing your cards very well, Bella; but don't overdo it " " Pooh I I am not such a fool," she said somewhat oontomptuously. "I was not born yesterday." The light of the lamps shone on her face as lhe handed her into the earriage. Shelooked a perfect actrees -a thorough woman of the world, in whose composition there was much of the serpent and very little of the dove. The young man standing, or rather bent double, behind thebo olump of shrubs, watched her movements like onoin a dream. He saw the gentle man spring in after her, and then for the first time he noticed that the foot man who had fixed himself lilke a piece of machinery in the rear was quite intoxicated. With a noiseless move ment the wanderer swung himself on to the hind stop, and oroucheood down behind the rumble so that heo escaped observation. In this way he was whirled along with tho.others out into the road, and a drive of less] than twenty minutes brought them to.Con gleton Hall. The unconsoious foot man snored every now and then, his knees knooking together grotoequelyant every bend in the road. They passed up the fine avenue and speedily reached the entrance of the grand old mansion which had beeoon for so many generations the abode of the Trovora. What was he to do now ? He leot himself drop from his place of con cealment, and had darted behind a gnarled oak-tree before the footman had recovered consciousness. He could see the occupants of the carriage entering the house without being espied by them. He orept towards an angle of the building, and came upon a window whoso shutters were unclosed. He peeooped into the apartment. It was low, but large, with heavy presses, and at each side of the fire there was an arm-ohair. The table was covered with green baize. There were one or two good prints hanging on the wall in front of the fireplace, and opposite to them hung some family portraits. The room was familiar enough to him-it was associated with memories which could never fade from his mind. It was the houseekeeoper's room. There was a lamp in tile centre of the table, whoso light was beginning to die out. "fHow often have I played in that room," hie said. "Poor old Nurse Margaret, who used to shako me for being a bold boy- whero is she now, I wonder P Sho, like the rest, is gone, I suppose--nothing better than a ghost of the past, like myself. Ah ! this is a strange world I What a dliffirence one short year makelos nsomo times. We go away believing we shall see all the old scones when we return home again. We come back, and everything is changed. But sup poae I force my way in 2 How, though ? I daren't smash the win dw; it would cause too great a commotion. But, hallo I what is this I hear ?" It was the sound produced by the opening of a window overhead that fell upon his cars. "By jove l the whole thing goes on merrily, Bella. I am a bit afraid of the girl, for she has some sort of suspicious terror of me ; but I'll carry it through successfully, never fear." These words were uttered in a man's voice, and the reply came in the affoected tones of a would-be fasionablo woman. "You are a genius, Dick; I never met your equal. Since the time we used to go to that gambling-house in Montreal together to play loo, I knew you had brains. Of course, I was a bit gone on you then, old fellow, though I was a little too old for you." " Ay, and besides, Bolla, you had a husband living." " Yes, but I was divorced from him. Howover, that's neither here nor there. I don't quarrel with fate. You sent me across to England to see how the land lay, and I managed to gain the affections of that stupid follow, the late Sir Ralph; ay, and he promised to marry me, into the bargain." "And what broke off the match, Bella ? I know you too well to believe that you wouldn't have married him if you could." " Ah I well, you want to know too much, Dick. He tried to play me a nasty trick, I admit, and he paid dearly for it. That's enough. I guess he went over to the majority sooner than he expected." " Only an overdose of chloral ? Ha, ha, Bolla I" " Please don't laugh at me in that disagreoable fashion, Dick. You make my blood ourdle." "Don't ' Dick' me, my dear Boella. The servants might possibly hear you. Reomomber, I am Sir Julian." "Yes, Sir Julian Trovor. Ha I ha I ha I" The tones of this woman when she laughed had a kind of devilish mock ery in them. The listener felt his heart panting, and the hot blood mounted to his cheek. " Wretches I I may be even with both of you yet 1" he muttered. The conversation had ceased, and the young man felt the breath of the dawn cooling his fevered brow. Ero another minute had elapsed the door of the room into which he had been looking opened, and the same lady he had seen entering the carriage some time before wrapped in rich furs, now, attired in her ball-costume, entered with stealthy tread. "Just one look to see if all is right before I go to bed," she murmured. " Those servants are such thieves, one can never be sure of them. The place looks comfortable enough for a snooze by the fire." Sleepily she sank into an arm-chair, and was in an instant in a state of blissful unconsciousness. Not very long, however, for a tapping at the window awoke her. She sprang to her feet and rushed towards the win dow. The roseate hues of early morn ing streamed in dazzlingly upon her. " Who is that ? " she cried. " Sir Julian Trovor, as I live I What, Dick 1 How did you manage to get out there? " "I am not Dick. I am the real Sir Julian. I have come back." "Good Godl I 'tio he l" she said, with white lips. "How can it be possible ? Ho is dead I " "Ay, I have come back from the grave I " Mrs. Jefferson Blaine, unable to control horself any longer, burst into hysterical shrieks. "hA ghostl aghostl " she cried wildly. Several figures came rushing into the room. " Look 1 Look I Look there I " was all she could say. Tlhey looked in the direction to which she pointed, but no trace of the apparition could be found. CHAPTER VII. Congleton was in a ferment of ex oitoment. There was some mystery about the new owner of Congleton Hall. He soeemed to have contracted strange habits in Manitoba. He had taken a houseokeeper whom he treated as a friend, and an equal. He never received visitors, though he had gone to one or two dinners and to a ball given by the fashionable Mrs. Hilton. It was well known that he always carried a six.ohambered revolver in his pocket, and that he had threatened once or twice to fire at persons who spoke to him after dark. Was this the young man who had boon once so popular in the neigh bourhood-good- natured Julian Tre. vor, who never said an unlind word to anyone, much less did an not of deliberate violence ? The peasant-folk shook their heads, and said Satan must have had a hand in the business, The gentry weoro equally nastouuded, and all save the merest tuft-hunters rdsolved to "out " Sir Julian Trevor. Mrs. Hiltou tried to cultivato his acquaintance for some time with a view to a possible break.off of the match with Ethel Mordauut; but the baronet, so far from malting any ad. vanoes, treated both Mrs. Hilton and her daughter with positive rudeness. Mrs. Jefferson Blaine, who took it on herselfto do the hospitalities of the Hall, positively snoeered at Mrs. Hilton's respectability. This was "the last strain." The Hiltons visited tlo Hall no more. Meanwhile Ethel was not happy. She felt that her lover wan changed; in foact, that he had lost thoso dis tinctive attributes which had won her heart. He was not gentle and affeo tionato, but coarse, hardened, and cynical. Hide it as much as he could, he could not conceal the moral ugliness of his character from her keen perceptions. She had loved Julian Trevor sincerely and passion ately; but it was quite another thing to love Sir Julian --beor true lover no longer, but one who cynically mas queraded as a lover. The solution of the problem was hard to the young girl's mind. She had no suepicion that any deooeption was being practised upon her. She believed that she was still in relation nhip with the man she had promised to wed; but she thought some dia bolical agency had corrupted and'do moralised his nature. What was it that had perverted a charactor no noble ? She pondered long and pain fully over this question. Could it he that intriguing woman, Mrs. Jefferson Blaino ? Ethel detested the flashy, flaunting widow, nod suspected she had come to Congleton with some wilcked design best klnown to herself. The agitation of the publio mind in Congloton was intensified by an event which occurred about this time. The cluster of houses forming a half. street could scarcely be dignified by the name of village; but such as it was, Congleton had an urban as well as a rural character. There was a bakler's shop, a chemist's establish ment, a coal-yard, and, to crown all, an hotel or tavern which, at midday, beamed in all the glory of a staring coat of arms. The Congloton Arms did a good busines --especially on market-days, when some burly yeomen drankl sundry glasses of beer at the bar, or quenched their thirst with occasional draughts of brandy and water. The establishment had from time immemorial enjoyed the patro nage of the family at the Hall, and acoordingly Mr. Abraham Tooker, the landlord of the Congloton Arms, felt himself bound, as a matter of sheer loyalty, to stand up for Sir Jalian, in spite of his unpopularity. One morning at about eight o'clock a young man somewhat shabbily attired, and yet having about him some of the attributes of a gentleman, walked into the hostelry without any traces of a portmanteau, travelling bag, or luggage of any description. At first the stranger produced an un favourable impression on Mr. Tooker, who looked with some suspicion on travellers without luggage. But the young man's frank bonhomie soon won the landlord's goodwill. "I have no doubt, landlord," he said, making himself quite at home, " that you can lot me have a good breakfast." "That you can have, sir, in a 'umble way, or my name's not Abraham Tooker," said mine host rather proudly. He glanced more attentively at the young man, asking himself curiously, " Where did I see that face ? Where did I hear that voice before ? No, no I I must have dreamt it." And, banishing what appeared to be a momentary illusion, Mr. Tookeor ordered breakfast for the new guest on the best scale known to the Congle ton Arms. The dingy waiter of the hotel was also strangely interested in the young man who had brought no luggage with him. "I suppose, sir, you come from Lunnon ?" he ventured to say, as he hovered obsequiously around the breakfast-table. " No, I have come from Liverpool directly bohere," was the reply. "Oh-America?" said the astute waiter. " That is only a guess," said the young man, smiling. "Why might it not have been further-from Australia for instance ?" "I know nothin' about foreign places, sir. I only know people start from Liverpool for America." " Well I if you are curious to know, I have been in America-not in the United States, though." " Oh I Canada, perhaps, sir ?" The young man laid down his oup, and vouchsafed no answer. "Don't ask me too many questions. my worthy friend," he said. "It doesn't suit me to toll my history to all the world just now." But the waiter was a naturally in quisitivo individual; he did not want to give up the scent. "Not unlikely, sir, you were out farming there, or somethin' o' that sort ?" " Farming where ?" " Over in Canada." " Oh I don't spoil my digestion, my friend. Toll me some news instead about dear old Congleton. Have you been long in this hlotel ?" "No, sir; only six mdnths." "Well, welll Everything seems changed to me." " How is that, sir ? Are you from these parts ?" " Well, I have boon in Congleton before." " Really, sir. How long ago ?" "Oh a pretty considerable time ago, if time were to be counted, as some. body said, by heart-beats instead of by days or months." "That's a queer way of putting it, sir. But perhaps you met Sir Julian out there-that is, before his return to England ?" "Sir Julian ? Is that the new master at the Hall ?" "Exactly, sir. He is going to be married one of these days." "To whom?" "To Miss Mordant, the reoter's daughter." The young man grow almost white, and hs hold his breath. Was it a esuppressed groan that reanohed the waitor's quick ears I" "Is she a pretty girl?" "Oh, sir, the loveliest girl in Con gleton I None lio heor " The stranger heaved a deep sigh. The waiter gazed at him with some concern. "Porhaps you have soon her at some time or other, sir ? " "No-that is, I may possibly have seen the young lady." In the course of the day the stranger walked through thie half-street anud proceeded towards the restory gate. It was a quaint and charming spot; one of those ideal rectories where a roman tic parson might dream and pray till his earthly lifo seemed a foretasto of his celoestial future. As you drew near the house there o.was a largo cluster of lilaos, which formed a bold contrast with the laburnum that groew loso by. The house itself was a red-gabled structuro, somewhat irregularly built, eaoh successive reootor having added something to the original building. Behind the house th'orewoun a garden in which a poet might revel in the creations of his own fancy. There was a summer-house, whero lovers might talk till this hard world's reali ties were forgotten, and life became a pleasant idyl instead of a dreary pil grinmago. The young man did not stir beyond the gate. Ah I what a host of memories crowded in upon his brain I He thought of the past-of many things which had left their irrevocable traces on his mind and heart. A vision rose up before him. A fair young girl, pure and fresh as the dawn, clad in white, smiling and yet cad, leaning on the arm of an elderly man-a clergyman. He could not help listening. " My dear child, you must not be hard on Julian. You know he has been amongst rough companions, he has had to meet all sorts of people; and though he is a landed gentleman now, his year in MIanitoba did not makel him more refined or cultivated than he was before he left England." " But surely, papa, a gentleman never becomes rude or boorish by mingling with ill-mannered people ?" "That is merely a theory. Unfor tunately, we are the creatures of cir cumstances; we may mean well, but our surroundings get the better of our good intentions. That is the reason that our greatest care should be to select proper friends and companions. Those who can afford to make this celection are fortunate; but poor Julian had, owing to his helpless position at the time, to go out to one of the wildest places in the world; perhaps he sometimes had to associate with Red Indians. I'm sure I don't wonder that he did not come back quite a Lord Chesterfield." "You make too many exuonses for him, papa. Why does he allow that vile woman, Mrs. Jefferson Blaine, to live at the Hall ? She is ostensibly the housekeeper, but the thing causes scandal in the neighbourhood." " 'Honi soft qui ral y pense,' child. I don't like people who see evil in everything out of the common. What would life be if every man or woman placed in an unuasal situation were thought to be moro wicked than those who lead a commonplace existence? Where is our charity if we don't make allowance for the complex facts of life, and the necessities'of certain positions forced on many by either misfortune or chance ? Mrs. Blaine is a very in teresting woman, an odd mixture, per haps, but she certainly has her good points." " Ay, and her bad ones, papa." "You may be right there, child. Is there any human being faultless ?" " No, papa: but all human beings are not wicked." "Oh, Ethel I is this fair? How can you say that Mrs. Blaine is a wickled woman ? "I firmly believe it, papa. I can't be deceived; my instincts never de ceive me,." " Our instincts are dangerous guides in the study of character, Ethol. Some faces look bad which often hide golden hearts. God nover intended that our characters should be written on our faces. Besides, Mrs. Blaine has rather a good face." " Yes, the face of a thoroughly arti ficial, a thoroughly false, woman I A face which in a mask, but from which sometimes gleams the firo of hell I" " Ethel, I am shocked at you I You should not say such things. It is sinful, impious, to condemn our fel low-creatures without cause; and, even if she were as wicked as you imagine, you should pity her and pray for her." "I would pity human weakeness, papa; but this woman cannot plead weakness for her misdeeds. Sho has the cunning of a serpent and the ferooious strength of a tigress." The rector pinched his daughter's oheel, and all at once assumed a play ful tone. " I hope my little pet is not jealous of Mrs. Blaine." " Joalous of her I God forbid I I would be as likely to grow jealous of one of the lower animals." "What do you suspect her of, Ethel ? " said the rootor, after a pause. "For the life of me I can see no positive wickedness in her con duct." " What about Sir Ralph Trovor's strangely sudddn death ? You know it was hubshed up, papa. Oh, don't be liovo her to be innocent. She had something to do with it. She has the art of turning most men round her fingers, and the doctor was one of her viotims. But she cannot baffle God; and I am sure she'll be found out yet." "What a desperately vindictive little woman it is l" exclaimed the rector. "Have you never heard of what lawyers call the benefit of the doubt ? " "I have, papa; but she is not on titled to it, in my opinion. I don't want to have her taken up and tried as a criminal; but I can't forgive Sir Julian Trovor for giving her a home in Congleton Hall. And, what is more, papa, I'll never live there as its mistress while she occupies the position of housoekeeper." "What are we to do, then ? Must Mrs. Blaine be dismissed before you will consent to become Lady Trevor ?" "Exactly, papa; that's what it moeans in plain English; and I'll stick to my resolution, whatever may be the consequence." "Whata dreadfiully obstinate child! Butlookl there's a carriage driving up; and sure enough it is Sir Julian -yes, yes, and Mrs. Blaine with him I" "Really, papa, I won't see him l 'Tie an insult to me." And the high-spirited girl rushed into the house. At that moment the vehicle, which the rector had observed, droew. up in front of tihe roctory gate; A lady and gentleman alighted. They could not fail to perceive a young man in needy attire standing a few yards away from the gate. " Who is that loafer ?" oried the baronet, irritably. " My God I" said Mrs. Blaino, as white as a shoot. "'Tis 1c-the man you--" " Hush, you shedoevil 1" the baronet hissed, and looked as if he could have struck her. "Itoll you it is! I seaw him the morning after the Hiltons' ball. He used a terrible expression ; he said he had come back from the grave. Is it possible, Dick, that the sea can give up its dead ?" " You forget yourself, madam. Reo member, I am Sir Julian Trevori 'Dick' is merely a creature of your imaugiualion." The shabbily-dressed young man came forward. "Yes," he said, with forced com posure, "I am the person whom you both supposed to be dead. The sea, or rather Lakeo Superior, refused to drown me. I am alive, and both of you, you pair of criminals, will soon know your doom I" The rector was attracted by the loud tones in which the parties had been speakling. He now advanced towards the gate. "Good.day, Sir Julian 1 Good-day, Mrs. Blaine I What on earth is the matter ?" "Simply a threat by an insolent blackguard," said the baronet. " A fellow who hopes, by pretending to possess some secret of mine, to extort blackmail from me I" "Liar and scounndrel i" said the young man. "You know that I have only to utter two words, and you would be placed in a convict's cell I" "This is very violent language, young man," said the rector. "Good heavens, Mr. Mordaunt!" crioed the young man. "Don't you know me 2 I am Julian Trevor I" The rector stared at him in utter astonishment. "You Julian Trovor l" he repeated, in a dazed sort of fashion. "Impos sible I absurd I There is Sir Julian Trevor, standing there beside you. There cannot be two Julian Trevors. You must be the victim of some strange delusion." The young man shook his head sadly. "So much for the world I So much for old friends I So then, you have forgotten me, Mr. Mordaunt. But call out your daughter. She at least, will know me." "No, Mr. Mordaunt; I object to your daughter being subjected to such humiliation," cried the baronet. "Is it. to be tolerated that a ruffian like this-a mere tramp from the road side-should challenge the truth of what I say, and should represent him self as the real owner of Congleton Hall ?" "You are right, Sir Julian," said the rectot. "The young man is scarcely responsible, I am afraid, for bis actions." "Ahl I wretch that I am," muttered the young man; "no one has a word to say for me. And yet I have injured no one ; I have only been the prey of a villain." "1 am a magistrate," said the baronet, rather excitedly; "and if you are not gone instantly I will have a warrant issued for your arrest." "Do, if you dare . I defy you I " was the young man's firm rejoinder. "You know in your heart of hearts that you are not only a criminal but a mean impostor. You stole from me not only my inheritance but the woman I loved. You did more-you sought to take my lifo. You failed; and,with God's help,all your infamons schemes will fail. But for the present I will go. The time of retribution has yet to come." With thoeo words he turned on his heel and walked back to the hotel. The rector, the baronet, and the Transatlantic widow eyed each other in silence, each swayed by conflioting and unutterable emotions. This inoidentleakodout in Congleton, as nearly everything.leakes out in a country place, and the tongues of the inhabitants were set wagging anew. Everybody said Sir Julian Trevor had "done something wrong" before his return to England. A few, more audacious than the rest, hinted that he was not the real Sir Julian at all. CHAPTER YVIII. In one of those dingy apartmoeits in the Temple which are dignified with the name of "ohambers" two young men wore seated, sipping brandy and-water. One was a broad-faced, brown-eyed young man of thirty-an all - but- brionfles member of the junior bar. He had a rather threadbare dressing - gown wrapped around him, and looked as if nothing was further from his mind than a thirst for legal warfare. The other was younger and, it may be added without any unfair reflection on his companion, handsomer. He was plainly-in fact somewhat shabbily-dressoed, but his fearless grey-blue eyes at once invited confidence, and you trusted him implicitly the moment you looked at him. " So you think, Horace," the younger of the two was saying, "I will have some trouble in asserting my rights 2" "Not a doubt of it," said the young man who had been addressed as Horace. "Is the law then so crooked ?" asked the other. "Yes, infernally crookled," said Horoes, emphatically. "Take a drop of brandy, and don't fret about it. It will be all the same in a hundred years." "Very nice consolation," muttered the other. "My dear Julian, have patience." "Patience I am almost mad with all I'veo gone through. You know my history. I told you the other day when I saw you first after my trip to Congleton. I askyou, Horace, isn'tit really maddening ?" " That may be; but don't go mad, old boy. It would ruin your pros poets, and suit their hook to a T." "I moan to keeoop my head, Horsoo, in spite of the devilish machinations of thoso two wrotches. But in the mean time what remedy have I? " "Bring an notion of ojeetment." " Well, would that be the quickest way ?" " The only other way I know is to go to Scotland Yard and got a criminal proseoution worked up." "I'll do it before to-night, thoun." said the blue-oyed young man, rising. "I can't lot the grass grow under my foot. I feeol as if overy moment wore carrying me further away from lifo and love; just noas I felt:.hcn I sank in the waters of Laoke Suerior." "Ah, by Jove I that was a romantic escape, and no mistake, Julian. There seems to have been a special Provi dence watching over you. You were supposed, of course, to be dead before you got into the water at all ? " "Exactly. He calculated on my being dead beyond all doubt before he cset out for England." " A nice villain, truly I worse than the ordinary melodramatio type - probably more real for that very reason. But the most audacious part of the business was his continuing to play the part of lover which you had formerly sustained. By Jove I there is such cleverness in the idea that I could almost forgive some of his scoundrelism I" "That is very fine morality, Horace." " Well, as Lady Teazle says in the play, we had better leave morality out of the question. Both this ruffian and his female confederate deserve no quarter from the law-and they ought to get none. I was speaking from a purely dramatic point of view. Re member that I write theatrical notices for the Saturday Slasher." "And thus make up for the want of briefs. Well, Horace, let us hope my case, if it ever come to trial, will bring you into notice. I look on it as luck that I fished you out in the Temple my old fellow-student." "Yes, we had pleasant days in Oxford," said Horace Everard, who, in spite of the hard struggle of profes sional life, was perfectly unsoured and just as good- tempered as when he was a chubby youth of seventeen. Such men are the salt of life-they keep humanity fresh, wholesome, and buoyant. They perform the same function in practical English existence that Wordsworth's poetry does in English literature. They are living arguments against pessimism. They go far to realise the Laureate's dream of progress lIoveo apard, working out the boast, And lst the apo and tiger die I "I would look more gladly back to the past," said Julian, "if my mind were not distracted by the remoem brance of my sufferings in Manitoba. The truth is, old follow, I was one of the greatest simpletons that ever lived. I believed the world was governed by pure benevolence; I envied nobody, for I loved and was beloved. I thought nothing of going out to earn a livelihood by farming in Manitoba; I was proud to work for the girl I loved. Out there I met this-this atrooious rascal; he seemed to be a thoroughly good fellow. He had a certain persuasiveness which won upon me. It seems, since he got into the position of a landed gentleman, he has become quite different, a boor and a tyrant, an apt illustration of the old adage, 'A beggar on horseback.' Well, I went into partner ship with him; I was aware that this impudent female-a sheer adventuress of the worst sort-and he were friends. In my usual unsuspecting fashion, I assumed she was as respectable as she professed to be. I was deceived, taken in, and I little knew that there was an arrangement between them by which she was to go to England and keeoop him apprised of what was going on at Congleton. Soit was heheard by cable gram of my father's and my brother's death. It was then he conceived the idea of murdering me. As for her, I have reason to believe she dealt foully with unfortunate Ralph. I mean to hunt the matter up, and to bring her as well as her confederate to justice." "It is a most singular case," said Horace; "beats anything in the books; a ease of personation which nobody would believe if he hadn't clear proof of it. But so it is always, ' truth is stranger than fiction.' " "But what am I to do ?" asked Julian, as he was on the point of leav ing tihe apartment. "Just call at Scotland Yard, state the facts to the superintendent, and employ a detective who knows how to deal with a bit of family history. I'd go with you, but I have to look up some cases for Badger Q.O.-a dry point in equity law as to the nature of a pre catory trust. Au reoifr !" They shook hands and parted, and presently Julian Trevor was passing under Middle Temple gate. Here a rough-looking man rushed forward and caught his arm. "Young gentleman, come with me l" he said. "Don't shout and wriggle. 'Tis no use. We have authority to take you." " To take mo whore ? " " Ohl I you'll soon know." "Keep back, you ruffian." Julian aimed a blow at the fellow's face, which was dexterously warded off. A second man equally big and strong came up, and posted himself at Julian's other aide. He resisted, bat without effect. They succeeded in dragging him to the vehicle, into which they thrust him unceremoni ously. " We have a certificate from two doctors, and Sir Julian Trevor has made out the warrant," said the man that had first appeared upon the scone. " What is the meaning of this out rage ? " cried the young man. "It's no houtrago, mister. It's legal, every bit of it." And the two ruffians laughed mock ingly. " Another piece of Riehord Olaveor dale's villainy," said Sir Julian to himself. He was driven rapidly for miles. He saw that further resistance was useless, and, for the present, he deemed it prudent to submit to his fate. At length they alighted before the gate leading into a square-built house of large dimensions, with an iron gate in front. Ono of the men knocked and the gate was suickly opened. A small, oadavorouo- loeoking man, with black, beaond-like eyes, and dressed in sober bloack, came forward. "Here, doctor, is your patient," said the man who had first accosted Julian. "Ho's quiet enough except when the fit comes on him." " I dare say ha las lucid intervals," said theo inistor-looking medical man. "What do you mean ?" cried Julian, growing excited. "My dear sir, don't excite yourself I Your nerves requiro rest. We will treat you well," plae h are you ? and what is thi, place ?" "My name is Dr. Blakbmore, an this is a private lunatio asylum ,, and "Merciful God! " cried the manD. "Am I destined after all unorg worse fati than that I escaped r in Manitoba ? rem " A very bad case, indeed," said Dr Blachmore. "Let him be brought to the dangorous ward, Rowley" ,tbi to one of the attendants Soon Julian found himself our. rounded by unhappy creatures with vacant loolr, and all the horrible helplessness of insanity. He gbroane and, covering his faooe with his hand, prayed silently that he might not losa his reason. (To be continued.) 