rOLRSAXIl TII1T¥« (By "Cassius.") Had the Western Millers not " differentiated" themselves from their Southern brethren in business ; but, instead, acted in union with them, they would have been able to make out a better case for the non-metropolitan Hour trade. As it was, they started before they were ready ; spoke very inaccurately concern ing the southern milling industry ; and gener ally mulled what might have been their best points. Fehon promises to bring the matter under the..consideration of-his colleagues— the official euphemism for pigeon-holing it. Only from a untied country Party can North or South or West hope to obtain the means whereby to keep the pretensions of the would- be monopolists of the Metropolis within some thing like reasonable limits. I am of opinion that our " Commons House" (the Legislative Assembly) should pass a firmly expressed resolution declaring, (1) that those advisers of the Crown who counsel the sovereign to bestow titles of honour upon members of the said Assembly are blameworthy ; and ( ? ) that such members of the said Assemby who ac cept titles of honour from the Crown shall by reason of such acceptance vacate their seats — to which, however, they may be- reelected if their constituents approve of their " kick upwards " in the snobbish-social scale. My little tip for the United States Presi dential Election is that Grover Cleveland, who has leanings towards Free Trade, will have no show at all; that Harrison, the present Presi dent, whose views are .retty distinctly protec tionist, has just the ghost of a show ; that Blaine will be nowhere ; and that a dark horse (of out-and-out protectionist ideas) will first catch the judge's eye— I mean top the poll. We shall see ! Unless Parliament pretty speedily finds an equitable solution of the agrarian question, the anthem of the Masses will be that vigorous hymn the two last stanzas whereof are — Who hath ordained that tho Few should hoard Their millions of useless gold ? And rob the earth of its fruits and flowers While profitless soil they hold ? Who hath ordained that a parchment scroll Shall fence round miles of lands, . When millions of hands want acres And millions of acres want hands ! 'Tis a glaring lie on tho face of day, This robbery of men's rights : 'Tis is lie that the Word of tho Lord disowns ! 'Tis a curso that burns and blights ! And 'twill burn and blight till the Poeple rise And swear, while thoy break their bands, That the hands shall henceforth have acres And the acres thenceforth have hands ! Ihe Agricultural Gazelle of N. 8. Wales is a useful publication though its tune mayhap is pitched just a trifle too high. It certainly goes in a perisher for the use of scientific "jawbreakers" of th most sesquipedalian character ; still, for all that' it is sufficiently practical to commend itself as the right sort of work for s place on every farmer's and grazier's bookshelf. I think it would be all the better for a few pages of sub-editor's "scissors and paste" matter, well culled, boiled down, and sorted. # Lord Salisbnry and his fanatic following will have it that full Home Rule for Ireland must necessatily mean the oppression of the Protestant minority, as well as Rome Rule. They forget that O'Connell preached the doctrine that Roman interference in the political concerns of Ireland was stoutly to be resisted by Irishmen ; tlicy forget that the action of the corporate bodies throughout Ireland, in which the Catholics have an over whelming majority affords ample proof of the genuineness of their religious liberaliy ; they forget the historic fact thai the American State of Maryland, founded by Catholics, was the first English-speaking community to pass a law of thorough comprehensive toler ation of all Christian denominations. Should Ireland secure Home Rule, it will ever be the best policy' for her leaders to repudiate in tolerance ; in the future to avoid doing to the Irish minority what the British majority has continually done in the past to the Irish CathoJics. ; and, before all other things, to preserve inviolate the sacred principle of true Religious Equality. 