II AUIT IASM6TCS, ~My Aunt Washington had half the county ut her feet; she knew it, and lost not a whit of the vantage thereby. I had ob served it with pride, for nothing at the time escaped my note, though I own with mortifi cation that only the Sunday before the time of which I speak I had cried aloud in the great meeting at the Court house, from having lost my red morocco shoe, by reason of a stout man sitting on my foot. Not that my foot was hurt, but that I feared the loss of my shoe, which, being red, was very pretty, though truly a Baug fit, grandmother and my maid Jane making much, ado in getting them on in time. But they were brought to | me from New York, a great journey in that i day, meaning to me then the whole of the outer world. I remember well how my round cheeks burned, though my tears were still dropping from the loss of my finery, when my father lifted me by one arm over the heads of the people, the seats being arranged in a semicircle one over the other, and never paused until he had deposited me safely in my own chair at home. Aunt Washington had not gone to meet ing, pleading a headache, though X found her in the garden among the sweet alyssum beds, laughintr and talking with Henry Lytle. He chucked me under the chin when he had heard my tearful story, for my shoe had been left behind, and I doubted that my father would trouble to fetch it; but Aunt Washington laughed and gave me a peppermint from her pocket. She liked ray small frivolity, ahe avowed, and declared me a Thorough woman. I liked not the appearing of Henry Lytle, by reason, perhaps, of my grandmother’s aversion, for Bhe could not abide his pres ence ; particularly, as Aunt Washington touched her lip at my sudden appearing, and Henry Lytle made a wry face, shrug • ging up his shoulders. Aunt Washington was the youngest child of my grandmother, and only surviving daughter, and was a pretty widow of three years’ standing. Now my grandmother held peculiar views in regard to widowhood, bearing out all principles with honest practice, that upon the roturn of a woman to her father’s house, she having been widowed, she should resume the subservience of her former childhood, particularly until five years of mourning should be passed; and though Aunt Washington was possessed of a cozy little fortune in her own right, from her husband, grandmother ruled her youngest daughter with a rod of iron. My father, being mostly under the same roof, came in for his nortion of courtiership, and though my grandmother was a wonderfully charming woman, she was none the less a d iapot in her own way. I often wondered, as I sat in the sunshine nursing mv old wooden doll and watching the light as it played upon my grandmother’s face ns she sat ut her netting, what position in the great house, with its great head, my late lamented grandfather had occupied, but upon that matter all were as silent as the grave, and I dare not question. We dawdled among the flowers until high noon of this August Sunday, X free as air and barefoot. Aunt Washington having suggested the advisability of removing my remaining shoe, altogether unrestrained in grandmother’s absence, chasing the white and yellow butterflies with iny Sunday hat, at the expense of the artificial wreath upon it, whose petals were wofully shuttered. But what difference did it make, when the garden was full-of the living flowers / Henry Lytle looked at his watch, when, at the turn of the lane, we saw the church party approaching, and likening us to mice, said something unintelligible about the morrow, stooped his tall head and kissed both Aunt Washington and mo, much to my astonishment, for grandmother was wont to deliver severe dissertations upon the promiscuous osculation of the sexes, holding that kisses were unholy things, even upon an unoffending infant, but Aunt Washington gave me a peppermint, which was a sufficient hint as to my discretion. legs had girdled the garden fenbe ^afc the rear for an instant, and he was gone, leav ing Aunt Washington and mo with Bmiles, but with a amity 4* Sunday feeling,” I aB to the butterflies and my Sunday hat, Aunt Washington as to Henry Lytle and the kisses. Monday was a great day at the i-Ims, a day of clearing away the literal and im aginary cobwebs that had gathered over Sunday, that being tho only day in the calendar, excepting Christmas, wherein the whisk and dust cloth were not used with mental and moral vigor. Upon that particular Monday grand mother was summoned to attend a dying friend, a friend of her own girlhood. Now grandmother believed that there was a time for all things, oven a time to dance, which eho afterward proved, but in spite of the ties of years of association it was very un reasonable iu Martha to take to dying of a Monday, she averred. However, duty was duty, and as such my grandmother never shirked ii, so, without delay, the family carriage was fetched, and with many directions to the maids and special admonitions to Aunt Washington in regard to the quince preserves, now in a primary state of preparation, with a rustle of silk and a whiff of lavender, grandmother was driven away, leaving the household-world to Am t Washington and to me. My ideas as to our respective occupations for the morning are not very clear at this late date. I had an allotted daily task upon my sampler, into which pattern grand mother had stuck a pin to mark its limita tions, and I remember that my Aunt Wash ington was unusually busy. My sampler was very exasperating and my crewels snarled unmercifully. The.text was, “Honor and .Shame from no Condi tion Rise.” I had gotten through the basket of primroses with cross-stitch and into “ Shame,’’ and now I wjs slipping my canvas in a most slovenly manner, ' wishing that I was a boy or a butterfly, or something not required by grandmothers or nature to work samplers, when my senses were assailed by voices from the kitchen, as well as the aroma of boiling quinces. My . intuition told me that it was Henry Lytle, and I lost no time in satisfy ing tha. sense by proof. He was standing ty one side' ot the big brass kettle, and Aunt Washington ou the other, with s wooden-spoon in her hand. They were argning about something, and Aunt Wash ingtonlookedhalf -laughing, half-frightened. Henry Lytle—iu my grandmother's kitchen ! Alas ! Alas ! Such indeoorum—and he had. dared, and Aunt Washington had dared!—oh ! grandmother ! grand mother ! . \- Bat he said something more about mice, and chucked me under the chin again, and Aunt Washington sent me, with exact par ticularity, to require of Aunt Peggy, tho housekeeper, seven p'.ieks of cinnamon. I have seduously avoided the ubo of cin namon in preserves, even to this day, for a discreet use of nutmeg, cloves, ginger or mace, I have found, serves the purpose fully as well, without any unpleasant sugges Once upon my mission, in spite of tho dignity of my seven years, I forgot to return immediately. It must have been an hour or ao later when, guiltily upbraided by con science, I gathered up my seven cinnamon sticks. The house seemed strangely quiet, and from the kitchen came the alarmingly unpleasant odor of burning syrup; I say alarming, for the escape of such an odor into my grandmother's house was a positivo catastrophe. I ran as fast as my chubby legs would carry me, calling upon Aunt Washington, . hut no Aunt Washington responded. The contents of the big brass kettle were burning at the bottom and boiling over. I tiptoed on - a chair and stirred it with the wooden spoon, burning my Angers in the operation, hut I. was. too disturbed to weep, and besides no one: was there to comfort me. I tried to lift tho seething stuff; I might as wisely have .tried to move Black Mountain. Not a maid was in sight or hearing-. Aunt Peggy was deaf, and from my position I might have shouted; antil doomsday, for,.that she couli hear*, c [ verily believed that it was coming, and ] there lay Carlo, the only living thing in * bearing, with his black noBe on his paws, i not budging, as though he cared not whit for i me or the preserves. J If woe could have put out the fire the pre serves would have been saved. However, I ] wandered about helplessly, still holding on to the wooden spooD, when I spied a bag of peppermints that Aunt Washington had thoughtfully left upon the kitchen table ; these I grasped as my only solace in this time of trouble, and never stopped until I was in my own little bed, head and ears covered, still holding fast the pepper Theard the maids return, then a stir and a bustle. I knew that my own maid was seeking for me. In the fear of my grand mother’s anger, 1 had almost forgotten the absence of Aunt Washington. Where was Aunt Washington? Where was Henry Lytle? I heard the approaching whefla, signalling my grandmother’s return. I heard the brewing or the storm, culminating in the arrival of a message whiun “ trusted that the preserves were not spoiled, and bogging grandmother’s pardon, Aunt Washington had gone to marry Henry Lytle !” u And where is Frances Ann?” demanded m 7 grandmother. Feeling myseli summoned, I descended from my nest like a cnlprit, and, amid sobs, I related all I knew, even down to the pep permints and seven cinnamon sticks. Having no one else in particular to blame, upon my sorrowful arid devoted head was poured all the wrath that my poor, outwitted grandmother could muster. The sun had ceased to shine on my grand mother’s house. Jly father had suddenly decided to make a trip to New Tork, to be gone for a matter of five or Bix months, and left me alone in my childish sorrow, after having vainly promised to bring me more things than I ever could have dreamed of— airings totally unsuited and inappropriate for child of my tender years. Jly grandmother was silent, but scrupu lously exact in the daily business of life, and persistently refused to consider any presupposed advances to be made by Aunt Washington and Henry Lytle in the future. Said my grandmother. “ Serena has made her own bed, and she can lie in it.’ Soon after my father’s departure 'my grandmother sent for Barrister Quills. Now Barrister Quills was the family attorney, as hin father, had been before him; one of the powerful triumvirate in great old families, without whose attendance great family oc casions were null and void. Seed cakes were brought and a pair of cobwebby bottles, for service in my grand mother’s boudoir, a ceremonial always pro ceeding important business transactions. Upon his departure I encountered Bar rister Quills upon the piazza, wherenpon he patted me on the head and called me a very I clever child, taking unusnal notice of me. I Affairs were very quiet in my grand mother’s house, but my grandmother became suddenly aware that I was in need of an education, eo a governess and music master were provided for me, my pantelettes were made a little more ornate, and with all this care I soon became a most miserable little creature. I could not quite make out my newly ac quired importance. I feared that my iather was preparing to take a wife unto himself, ■ and wept in secret accordingly, for grand mother was stoical in her silence. One day, Jane, iny maid, revealed the cause uf all niy woes. She was curling my hair for my daily presence in my grand mother’s drawing-room (there were visi tors), when, my hair becoming in some wav entangled with the cane, for it curled naturally, I cried ont. ‘1 La !” said Jane, “hain’t you ’shame, Hiss Frances, ter cry. out lack er baby, when Ole Hiss done sot you up fur er leetle lady !” and she tweaked mv hair again, at whioh my tears continued to"flow. “ When Ole Hiss done cut Hiss S’rena out’n de will, lack she done cut HarserLeo, an’ mek you de heir ! Hain’t yon ’shame, when you oughter bo proud an’ high!” — „ “ What, Jane!” I cried, aghast. “ Won t izraqdmother have Aunt Washington for her •uni),*' Miuumu,, her place. ' “Hoi” “ Yes,” said Jane, with a cautious shake of her finger, an’ you oughter ’have fitten ter your ’sition, Hiss Frances. Ley do say, Hiss Frank, as how Hiss S’rena is dat happy wid Henry Lytle, she don’t keer.” “ Where is my Aunt Washington ?’ I de manded . “ Hnh! I han’t got her ; over ter yer Cousin Dorcas’,” said Jane, “but none uv ns f nm here hain’t ter see her er ter speak ter her. Ole Miss say so.” “ I won’t have her place, and I’ll tell grandmother so 1” I cried, stamping my foot, as was customary with me in those days, on a sudden rise of temper. “ I’ll just tell grandmother so, so there !” “Better leave Ole Hiss ’ione,” said Jane in an awestruck tone. “ Et she wanter leave you all she got, you can’t top it.” ' My irrandmother had disinherited my Aunt Washington as she had my Uncle Leo, the year before I was born, and who had never returned from France since that event ful day. Somehow, I neeoeiated the fact with the offering up of Isaac, without an intervening power, or the casting of babes into the Ganges by heathen mothers, of whom my governess read to me on Sundays, and for the reclamation of whom I was saving up my coppers. I looked at grandmother in her flowing silks, with her sauve, gracious manners and smothered Borrow, and more and more I associated her in my mind with the Hindu women ; but my grandmother went to church and was a Christian. Time wore on, and I with an uneasy con science wore, as I deemed it, my borrowed dignity. My father returned and loaded me with gifts until I skipped about like a bedizened Indian princess, but still I was not happy, for I feared to confide my trou bles to my father without my grandmother’s advice. Girls were very modest and timid in my day, even the most daring, and had not a fraction of the confidence they now bravely display. It may perhaps be now as well, but it was not then the fashion. At last wo heard that there was another Serena at the house of my Cousin DoreaB a Serena, rose-leaved and tiny. It was only whispered; and I went 10 bed,' fevered with interest and silent curiosity, for I dare not mention the news to my grand mother. She had changed of late, was sometimes absent and dream}', as she sat at her net ting, giving me skein after skein to untangle, only to mesh them again. Sly grandmother was straneley out of sorts; my governess dtd not please her; mynfusio: master elicited no Interest, in fact, she was fain to put the little man out of the house altogether, and even my voice was harsh in my grandmother’s ears. Perhaps she was thinking of her distant son, perhaps of my beautiful Aunt Wash ington, perhaps of the little baby she had not even Been. Howbeit, iny grandmother was sufficiently out of humor to catechise me on geography, and finding mo wofully un responsive she boxed my ears and sent me from the room. Now the sting of mortification was heavier than the weight of my grandmother’s hand, and gnlping a something that held the nervous semblance of a piece of crusty combread in the throat, I wandered tear fully among the elms. I would do some thing. Child as I was, I felt that I was occupying the position of an interloper, and such a position was unbearable. I had my own plaoe to fill, and could not take Aunt Washington’s, no matter how much my grandmother wished it. Under her cold exterior I knew that she was grieving, that she never would be happy again iu the I absence of her child, though* she might die in , her pride without a word. Beyond the arching elms, at sight of me, my father’s horse, a blooded animal, whin neyed from his tether, eager to be gone. I patted his sensitive flank that quivered be neath my touch. - He was . saddled and bridled, and yet my father had not come. Suddenly a great thought trembled at my heart .and leaped into my pulies. The house ){ my, cousin Dorcas was only sixiniles awa£; [ know every inch of the road, every brake, jvery plum-thicket. I would heal the Family breach ; I would yield my false posi tion ; 1 would go and fetch Aunt Washing* What cculd grandmother do against her presence, my tears, her pleadings P I pictured how she would plead, in a white muslin dress—and if she would not, then X would for her. .. , . No oue was about. Quick as thought, though stealthily, I climbed into the saddle, prepared for once to do my masters credit, and rode slowly through the heart, of tbp town, lest I should attract undue attention; Though people turned 'once and again to look at my hare head and streaming hair, for I had forgotten my bonnet, X was not molested. T • . ,,, All alone, without even Jeonry to follow —after nearly a year of ourbing, such bliss, such freedom ! At the edge of the wood I gave into a brisk oantor, to which the spirited Nero was not adverse. How it would have worried Jeoffry to keep abreast of that upon his ambling cob 1 Such delicious air, such delicious freedom, with my long ourls whip pin sr my back like so many loosened bnaio Almost in my enjoyment 1 nad. torgotien . my mission, when right in the middle of the road, only a few paces ahead, a bare-legged : urchin threw up his hat. X screamed, hut too late, for once again the dark thing whirled, and,.with a vicious yell, the little rascal disappeared. Ifero reared, suddenly upon his haunches, then, wheeling like a thing possessed, took hack thiongh the tangled wood. Too frightened to think, I dropped the rein and flattened myself against his neck, holding with all my. childish strength to the rising and falling mane. On, on, through the brake and tangle, sorap ing mo almost from my seat, the frightened animal Bped ; on, on—now back to the edge of the town. With closed eyes I heard the shouts of the men, the Boream of the women to 11 save the little child !” I thought of my father, my grandmother, Aunt Washington, the little baby I had never known. All now would go on without me; they would never know how I tried to make them all happy. They would never know that it was not. a ohildish prank—and I would have died, in vain, in vain. ] It was morning, the sunlight fell like gold dust through the little diamond panes. 1 was stiff and sore, my head was bandaged, and I sould not move my arm. X must have been dreaming; I thought I was dead, but I was in my own little bed, whose muslin curtains looked like snow in the sunlight. Somebody sat at a table net ting, and there were tears in the eyes that looked new and again upon my bed. Was this my grandmother—that tender .pain hers that lay upon brow and lip ? ' She stirred, X closed my eyes again; perhaps I dreamed, but on my cheek X felt such kisses rain as I had never known in all my orphaned life before, murmured caresses, sending tender thrills to wake that part of my young heart that would have been my mother’s. Was this my grandmother 1 X must have dreamed ; sheer weakness fell upon me— fancied skeins and smothered kisses drifted with the dream. For many days I balanced life and aeatn with fever, bruises and a broken arm, hold ing often through the weary night grand mother's hand in mine, and then they came from far to ask for me and shame mo with a fair tale of my bravery. ’Twas wonderfnl, they said, for such a child as I to sit so firmly and so long. One day when all were gone and X coma creep about like a small ghost from chair to couch, from couch to ohair again, my grandmother had set down a tiny tablo right before my chair, and on it Jeoffry | placed the seed-cakes and the wine. I breathed the very atmosphere of cere mony, as my grandmother took a seat across from my wan self. When I had drank and choked and, half in fear, had nibbled a cake, my grandmother^ leaned upon her arm and looked at me. “ Prances,” she said, in tones both grave and slow, speaking for the first time of my esoapade, “it was a naughty thing of you to taao your father’s horse, a wild and vicioUB thing tnougS^you^rL*SSil-'hS're!'h*i';^mp%e«M»fcf child, for you are not a fool. What were they, Frances; why did you go ?” The keen grey eyes were fixed upon my own— hard, inquisitive, uncompromising now ; I must have surely dreamed they ever looked in love. I hung my head and whispered : “ To fetoh Aunt Washington home.” “ And what affair was it of yours to inter meddle?!’ demanded my grandmother. With all my weaknees this was more than I could bear. I fell upon my knees and clasped my grandmother’s skirts with my unhurt arm; “ Because,” I Bobbed, “ I don’t want Aunt Washington’s place ; I don’t want to be a fine lady, as Jane says I must. I don’t want any lessons, any music, anything. Take her back, and the little baby, too, grand mother—the little baby that is just the same to you as 1 am—Jane said so. Please let us all be happy, and let me be good My grandmother drew herself away and looked at me. I mast have been a very piti ful sight, with my bandaged arm and great wide eyes, for my grandmother turned and left the room without a word. All the morning I felt that 1 was under a cloud; but about noon my grandmother sent again for Barrister Quills, and over the seed-cakes and the wine I was made a party to the proceedings. I have not a very clear recollection as to what passed, perhaps due to my years, or to the wine to which X was unaccustomed, but that night, as grand mother tuoked me in my crib and put out the light (grandmother always performed that office for me when there were no guests in the drawing-room) she bent over me and whispered as gently as her softened humor hade: “ My Frances, she shall come.” There were great preparations at the “Elms” for the reception of Mistress Henry Lytle, iny grandmother irresistibly slurring the male portion in her mention of it. She never did anything by.halves (per haps excepting this), and such baking and larding was unknown since my own dear mother’s marriage. The gentry from far and near were bidden to a feast, the like of which was the superlative of every com parison for many a year. In some way or other I was to figure as a heroine, though my small head was unable to grasp the reason why. But it was all as good as a play, of which Aunt Washington told me, where all the people were gay and marched off and on a stage. £ was pranked out in a brocaded satin petticoat, and had my hair dressed most inappro priate to my years; but Aunt .Washington, or Aunt Lytle, aa I should proparlyoalfher,' would have it so, and:Mistress- Lytle’s word was-not to be questioned. My arm, pro-, vokingly slow to mend, was bound in one of Henry Lytle’s best neckerchiefs. . My grand- ’ mother was gorgeous as a Grand Duchess, and happier, too, ’tis fair to wager, than' many another beside a throne. To her granddanghter, .her black satin train gave more the aroma of dignity than can ever again die with woman. Aunt Washington, beside her lover hus band, wore the bridal robes she had not worn in her hasty flight, now with her mother’s own permission, and amid the blessingB of us all. Oh, how they danced! I looked upon them from my little chair, pushed dose be side my grandmother’s own. “ Sir Roger de Coverley’’ woke the echoes of the dis tant past. My grandmother led out with Barrister Quills ; Aunt Washing ton followed with my father; twenty, thirty, forty couples—ah 1 no, I could not count them—flashing their colors like changeable rainbows against the vibrant wail of Tiolins. On, on, throngh the hours, with the pause of a tea-cup or^ the tapping of a glass. On, on, with the violins, the mellow voices that told my happy, childish heart that peace could brood again upon the “ElmB.’’ On, on. through heavy lids that would but close, I see them yet—through all the darker days that came and1 passed—and on the top most stair to wave a kiss to me, her.white robes, the pinions of my childish dreams, the rose unwithering upon her breast, the best loved of my kindred, my Aunt Washington. 