THE MORNINGTON DISASTER On Sunday evening last, the Rev. P. Knight, B.A., preached a masterly and eloquent sermon in the Wesleyan Church to a very large congregation, the dis- course, which was most able, having spec- ial reference to the recent bay disaster. The singing of the choir was excellent, and was so greatly improved that it promises soon to become an attractive portion of the service, Miss Maxfield prov- ing an efficient organist. The preacher took as his text Ezekiel 27, 26, " Thy rowers have brought thee into great wat- ers, the east wind hath broken thee in the midst of the seas." He said that Life was spoken of as a voyage, and that he wished to draw a few resemblances between the voyage of a ship across the ocean, and the voyage of a soul through the waters of life. When once the voyage is started, the horizon is brought down to its narrowest limits ; you see but very little around. So in life, we see only a small portion of the world's history, and come into contact with only a few of its events. Yet within the smallest space of time great changes often take place. The Mornington footballers were in their boat, happy and free, thinking least of all of death. Suddenly a gust of wind lays their boat flat, and hurls them into eter- nity. In life we speed along day by day, knowing little of the dangers we are pas- sing through, till suddenly there comes a shock, and we find our hopes shattered and our prospects gone. When once on a voyage we are always moving, but through the absence of landmarks we see little of the motion, yet day by day brings us nearer to the end. Time steps silently away, often unnoticed and disregarded, but each hour brings eternity nearer. Every ship is chartered to some port, the captain has some idea of where he is going. In life, we should each have a definite knowledge as to which way our lives are tending. No man would go to sea prepared to be taken wherever the wind and tide liked ; so no man should allow his course in life to be shaped by the chances and circumstances that surround him, —he should set out with a definite object in view, and a definite end to reach. But good iitentions were not sufficient,— many a ship has been wrecked in spite of its charter, and many a soul in spite of its good intentions has been lost ; the way to hell is paved with good intentions. We must have more than this. To be prepared to meet the winds and tides, the rocks and currents, we must be equipped and three necessary parts of this equip- ment were—1 compass, 2 chart, 3 anchor. The compass was the Bible ; it would show us which way we were going, and would tell us when we were right and when wrong. A pocket compass was often useful, and a pocket Bible would save us from many mistakes. (2). The chart was the life and character of Christ. Over life's troubled waters Christ trod, and never swerved a hair's breadth from the narrow line of perfect wisdom. His life then was our copy; no other life was a fit guide. We were too much in the habit of comparing ourselves against each other, and imagining that because we lived as well as some others did, this was all that could be expected of us. No business man would be contented to run his business irrespective of whether it were paying or not, provided he was not going to the bad any faster than his next door neighbor, and no man should be content to measure his line of life by that of another ; one line, though straight as another, was not necessarily straight, both might be pothooks. The character of Christ was the infallible chart we must all steer by. The anchor was the "hope in the promises of God." In times of sudden storm, the only chance was to fix the anchors; so when the tempests of life were raging round us and all seemed lost, the trust in God's promises bore us up. Further, we should have a good owner- sail under a good flag ; if we put up the flag of the skull and cross bones, the first honest British man-of-war we met would blow us out of the water. The owner. was God the Father, owned by Him we were under strong and sure pro- tection. Again, the pilot was the Holy Ghost, and He was sent into the world to guide us into all Truth ; when human wisdom failed and human power was helpless, He would lead us safely and surely, and pilot us into the harbor. The rowers were our affections, appetites, desires, &c.;, and all those powers that either enoble or debase a man. They must work under a good captain—every family, church, or State must have a head, and our powers must acknowledge a leader who would control and harmonise. That captain was Christ Jesus. The rowers in the Bible story had no captain, and they soon brought the vessel into deep waters ; we, too, if we act by impulse and not by direction, would soon find ourselves in great-difficulties. The office of director belonged to Christ, and then when the storm beat and the waves dashed around us, if He were on board. He would arise and rebuke them, and cry- ing, "Peace be still," there would be a great calm. Thus chartered and equipped with the pilot and captain on board, we would sail safely into the great harbor of heaven, where neither storms nor tem- pests rage, but where the sea is like a sea of glass mingled with fire. 