IN THE LOWER BUREAU DRAWER. [By William Detsdale 1 Many strange things have happened in the old Ttnrblue .falaee, in the city of Mexico, which, Bince that Emperor's downfall, has been called the Iturbide Hotel; but it is doubtful whether its thick stone walls were ever more surprised than on the night when an American boy was aroused in his' room almost at mid night by a lad clad in ragged Aztec costume, who made the astonishing demand — ' You have my grandfather's skull here. I The Iturbide Hotel is not a ghostly old place full of dark corners and mysterious passages, but a modern structure built after the Mexican fashion, around large courtyards, with plenty of light and air. And Harry Spaulding, upon whom the demand was made, was not there alone with the Aztecs and the remains of their ancestors. There were other Americans in the building that night, some of them perhaps immediately beneath him; for Harry was the youngest member of a party of American tourists who were visiting the old Aztec capital, and a small room had been given him in an upper part of the house. There were even more visiting Americans than these in the Mexican capital at the time. A company of American performers were play ing in the National Theatre, or, as the Mexi cans call it, the Teatro National. These players, like many other companies, made a business of travelling among the capitals of Central and South America, Mexico, and the larger towns of the West Indies, and often they were away from home for months at a time ; and losing a comrade here and another there by desertion or fever, and engaging some local performer when they could to fill the vacant place, they always returned from a tour with several new members. Yet with all these Americans in the same city with him, and many more who live there permanently, Harry Spaulding was asked to give up the skull of the Aztec lad's grand father. And the worst of it was on that night he bad two skulls in the lower drawer of his bureau. It was through following a bad example that he happened to have those skulls iu his bureau drawer that night. The native Mexicans, that is, the Aztecs, as distinguished from the Spaniards and other foreigners who have driven them out of power, have a strange custom of leaving the skulls of their ancestors exposed in the old cemeteries. Sometimes these skulls, hundreds of them, 'are piled up in pyramids ; more frequently they are laid in rows or geometrical figures on old tomb stones. But wherever they are they are re garded with the greatest veneration, and are treated as sacred. For a foreigner to touch one of them or to interfere with them in any way would bring a mob of infuriated natives about him in a moment if he should be dis covered, and if he escaped with only a severe handling without being killed on the spot he might count himself fortunate. Several of the Americans in Harry's party had been mean enough to steal. some of these skulls for relics. Probably they did not know what severe consequences would follow if they should be caught, but even the despised Aztecs know better than to desecrate a tomb. However, the Ameri cans stole the skulls, and they were not caught,; and for several days the secret was whispered about among the Americans in the hotel, and the skulls were occasionally shown to particular friends. Then came the news that these vandals had risked their lives without knowing it to get the skulls, and the ghastly relics were thought more valuable than ever. Unfortunately Harry Spaulding heard about the skulls, and as a great favor he was allowed to see them; and when he learned what a risk was run in getting them he determined to have a skull himself. Let us charitably believe that if he had stopped to consider he would not have done such a thing, and that it was the love of adventure, not a desire to possess a skull, that induced him to do it; but while his father was away for several days making the assent of the mountain Popocatepetl, he ran the risk successfully, reached the hotel with two skulls and locked them in his room. From that moment he knew no peace of mind while the wretched skulls were in his possession. Elated with the success of his venture, proud to have done something that was highly dangerous for a man, he ran down stairs. In the front courtyard he found the Americans gathered in groups, all talking earnestly and in low tones. Evidently some thing was wrong. 'What is it? What is it all aboub?' he asked of a young fellow-traveller whom he knew welL ' It means that there are some blockheads in America as well as in other countries,' was the reply. 'But they don't always stay at home. Some of them are in Mexico at this minute, and a nice scrape they've got them selves into. They'll be locked up at the very least if the mob doesn't kill them on the way to gaoL' 'Looked 'up!' Harry exclaimed. 'Why, have any of our fellows been doing anything?' 'Doing anything! They've been robbing graveyards, that's all ; and it's a wonder they weren't killed on the spot. _ But it's made a nice row all over the city, with a great crowd of dagoes hunting for the Americanos with knives, and the American consul's been here, and officers with search warrants. Some of our party have been Btealing skulls out of a grave yard, and if they're found out I don't doubt they'll be killed.' The flush on Harry's cheeks was no longer a flush of triumph. It came from a very dif- . ferent emotion. Moba ! search warrants ! and j two stolen skulls lying in his room. Ha ; turned away and walked several times up - and down the big courtyard. What could. h& do ? If there was only some way to get rid ' of tbe miserable relics. He thought overevery possible plan. Throw them out of the window ? ; Yes, and have a crowd collect around them in * the street or the yard ; that would be suicidal. Burn them? He had no stove or fireplace. Bribe the waiter boy to take them away ? He spoke no Spanish. Besides, how could he trust) this boy who was himself an Aztec, and would doubtless betray him ? Then, beingan American boy, he hit upon the right idea. In one of the groups in the courtyard was an intimate friend of his father, a middle-aged man, who had not joined in the Popocatepetl party on account of a slight illness. _ He would ;ell him everything' and ask his advice. Wait ing for an opportunity he drew this gentleman aside. ' Is there going to be trouble about the ? ekulls, Mr. Gray f he asked in a low voice. ' Serious trouble, I am afraid,' Mr. Gray answered. ' I have two of them, sir, up in my room.' ' What !' Mr. Gray exclaimed. ' Two of them, sir/' Harry repeated. ' I got them this afternoon before there was any trouble about them. Now all I want is to get rid of them, and as father is away I thought I would come to you for advice.' ' My dear boy,' said Mr. Gray, laying his hand affectionately upon Harry's shoulder, ' what a thousand pities you did not come to me for advice before you did such a thing. This is serious business. Does any one know you have them ?' ' Not a soul, sir,' Harry replied. 'Then let me think a moment. In your father's absence I shall try to act for you just as he would if he were here, but you must do just as I toll you. You say these — these articles are in your room. Then go to your room and wait there till I come. When I come I shall bring a large satchel with me and take them away in it. It is better that they should be found in my possession than in yours.' ' No, sir,' Harry replied firmly. 'Excuse me, but I cannot do that.' 'You were to do just as I told you,' Mr. Gray said. 'Yes, sir ; but not that. I, too, want to act in this trouble just as I should if my father were here and he would not let me shift my own danger to the shoulders of a friend. Some other way than that please, sir.' ' Harry, you are too brave a boy to ba rob bing graveyards,' said Mr. Gray with a mellow look in his eye. ' Then go up to your room and I will follow in a few moments without a satchel, and we will make some temporary disposition of the miserable things.' Ten minutes later the two skulls were, by Mr, Gray's advice, laid away in the lower drawer of Harry's bureau, from which all the boy's clothes had been taken. ' They are better so than locked in your trunk,' Mr. Gray said. 'If they are found here there is no proof that you put them here ; they might have been left in the drawer by some former occupant of the room. But if they should be found in your trunk that would be strong circumstantial evidence against you. Now I will devise some way to dispose of them. ' But how? It was no sasy matter in a strange city, whose customs and language he was en tirely unfamiliar with, to dispose of two such large articles that would be sure to cause him trouble if he were found with them. He took a cigar and went out into the street, the Calle San Franoisco. His walk was interrupted by a young man who put out his hand, saying — ' Good-evening, Mr. Gray. This is a great time you Americanos have been making over at the Iturbide. I hope you are not one of the Bkull- stealers.' ' Why, Jose Molina !' Mr. Gray exclaimed, warmly grasping the proffered hand. 'I heard you were in the city, but I have nob been able to look you up, as you know I do not go to the theatre. I hear you have be come a great actor. ' Hardly so much as that,' the young man laughed ; ' but things have chanced a little with me since I was one of your office boys in New York. I tell them I am nob an actor at all, but a trickster, an acrobat, a ventriloquist. But they seem to like me, and it pays. Tell me how you happen to be in Mexico. It is natural enough for me to be here, for I am a strolling player, and know Mexico as well as I know New York. You know I am a native of Rio Janeiro, and this American company picked me up there, and we are working our way slowly towards New York. But you?'1 'I am merely making a short visit here with a party of American tourists,' Mr. Gray replied. 'And they have, as you Fay, Deen aoing iooiisn luings witn tne skuiis. By-tlie-way, Jose Molina, you say you are ac quainted with Mexico; then you are just the man to give me some assistance. If I should tell you that a particular friend of mine has two of those skulls in his possession, and that we are at a loss to know how to dispose of them could you help us?' 'Z)e-cidedly1' the young man exclaimed. ' Help you ? Fll do much more than that to oblige Mr. Gray. I'll take them away myself. It's perfectly easy. Where is your friend ?' 'He is at the Iturbide Hotel,' Mr. Gray answered. ' He is only a boy, who has thoughtlessly done this foolish thing. Do I say that he has done it?- I mean to say that the two — the two objects are in his room, and that who put them there remains to ba seen. But they must be taken away.' ' I see, I see !' the young man laughed again. ' They Bhall disappear to-night. And how I shall enjoy a little lark like this ! I've not had one of my frolics since I came to Mexico. A boy, you say ? Then here's a bar gain : The two objects shall disappear to-nighi immediately after the performance, which will end shortly before midnight. A boy ? Ha ! ha ! You know I have turned ventriloquist, Mr. Gray, and I'll give this grave-robbing boy just a little bit of a fright. But meanwhile you are to mention this to nobody, not even to the boy. When the sun rises the objects are gone. I do not care to know the boy's name. If you agree, I need only know the number of his room and the location of the objects.' 'But how is it possible, Jose, for you to ? ' 'It is the easiest thing in the world,' Jose replied, 'if you leave it to me. Is it a bargain?'' ' You were always worthy of trosb, Jo3e, and . I trust you] now,' Mr. Gray replied, taking his hand again. 'But you must not frighten the boy too badly. The number of his room is 88, and the objects are in the lower drawer of his bureau.'. As Jose Molina stepped gayly off to the theatre he might easily have been mistaken for a Mexican, with his short stature, his rich brown complexion, and his velvety eyes and straight black hair. Thus it happened that a little before twelve that night a peon boy, in bare feet, hatless, trousers rolled up to his knees, shirt open at the. throat, carrying a covered basket upon his head, and with a porter's badge carefully made of tinfoil hung from his neck by a leather thong, entered the Iturbide Hotelj his badge taking him past the watchman without ques tion. iMidnight would be a late hour for delivering bundles in other countries, bub it is early_ enough to excite no comment in a Mexican hotel. Tap ! tap ! tap ! at the door of No. SS. 'Who is it?' asked Harry Spaulding from within, starting nervously from the uneasy sleep into which he had fallen. ' A friend,' responded the peon boy in a low voice. ' A friend from Mr. Gray. Ba quick.'' The mention of Mr. Gray's name disarmed Harry's fears, and he unbolted the door. 'The peon boy instantly pushed his way into the room, set down his basket, and bolted the door again. 'You have my grandfather's skull here,' said he in the most matter-of-fact way. ' I TOnn* i*. tiIbarb.' 'Your — did — you — say — you — ' Harry gasped, leaning against the bed and holding to the post by one hand, all the color gone from his face in an instant. 'Don't^keep me waiting,' please,' said the peon boy. I nave brought a basket for it. Did ever messenger go about an errand with such fatal coolness? His grandfather's skull, please ; and he had brought a basket for it! Harry seized the bedpost now with both hands, and a cold perspiration moisteneu his brow. 'I— I— I know n-n-nothing about your gr — ' he stammered. Bub before he could finish the sentence there came a sepulchral voice from the bureau — ' I'm in the lower bureau drawer, Jose /' Harry ehook like a leaf. His knees refused to support him, and he sank upon the bed, hk teeth chattering. Hadan ordinary conventional white ghost appeared in the night he would most likely have laughed and thrown the pitcher at it, for he was not in the least super stitious. But a common street boy, a young Aztec Indian boy, coming to his room at mid night, and coolly demanding his grandfather's skull, was too much for his overstrained nerves, and his muscles gave way. Joee paid no attention to the frightened boy, but stepped quietly to the bureau and opened the drawer. Then he took up one of the skulls, held it in his arms, patted its smooth crown, and stroked it as one might stroke the curly head of his child. After a moment of this he picked up the basket and began making a nest in the loose straw with which it was filled. Then the skull spoke again, ' There's another one there?' 'All right,, grandpop,' said Jos9,-with the utmost; coolness, as he took a handkerchief from his pocket, wrapped it around the skull, and laid it carefully in the basket. Having deposited the basket again upon the floor, Jose returned to the bureau and lifted put the other skull. The instant he looked at it tie had every appearance of being nearly as much frightened as Harry. He set ib down upon the bureau as quickly as though it had been red-hot, and cried out as loudly as he thought he could cry with safety. Then he sprang to Harry's side and shook him. Boy, boy, what have you done? Fly, fly iS^SSfi kfe'teforeitistoolate! Yonder lies the^Jlof Montezuma, the beloved father of The paling 'and this latest fright broughb P'J^^Wv0 hi3J8en6ea- HewaTabfuS t0 8P™3Cj when the words were taken out of his mouth by the Ekull upon the bureau, whica hoarsely mumbled— 'Water ! Water ! As you hope for mercy, give me water 1' This was too much apparently for the stoical Jose. He sprang frcm Harry's eide, snatched up his basket, and in an instant was unbolting the door as if to escape. The horror of his situation gave Harry new strength, and he bounded zo the door and seized Jose by the arms. ' Do not leave me with that— that— gentleman on the bureau !' he ^begged. ' I did not mean to do you any j arm. I didn't know the other gentleman was ? our grandfather; upon my word I didn't. Please don't leave me alone with that skull thafc alks.' Then a bright idea struck him. ' Take 1 im too,' he added. 'Boy,' Jose responded, incooljbutthoughft ul tones, 'you know nob what you ask. And 1 et — and yet' — he hesitated — 'if one of us must die, why not I, and let him live who has t very thing to live for ? Bub my aged father ? I 1 m his sole support. If I make the sacrifice, I eave the aged one penniless.' 'No, no,' Harry exclaimed, snatching his puree from the washstand, where he had laid it ' Here is gold ; itake all I have. If any thing happens they shall all be provided for — your whole family — when myifather gets back. Oh, do take them both away !' Jose looked contemptuously at the purse, but; took it. ', Ah ! Gold ! gold !' he muttered. 'Base, treacherous gold, what awful sacrifices for thy worthless sake are made ! Bab' (darn ing to Harry) 'it is nob enough. Remember, my young life is ab stake.' 'My watch,' Harry gasped, 'my rings, my clothes — everthing in the room ! Oh, do please take them both away !' Hfflffflff 'A watch,' Jose repeated, soliloquising again. 'Watches mark the swift passing of the hours, and 'mind us every moment that) that may be our last. Get me the watch, boy.' So saying, he turned from the£door, and Harry released his hold. While the quaking boy produced the watch, which, together with the purse, Jose thrust into his pocket, the peon boy lifted the other Bkull from the bureau, and saying, 'Come, Monty, we're going now,' thrust ift quickly into the basket beside the other, and was gone. A minute later an ordinary peon boy, with a porter's badge that protected him from police interference, was walking leisurely down the street with a basket on his head. When Jose Molina met Mr. Gray at break fast next morning, he handed over to him the watch and purse. Bub Harry Spaulding lay abed with a headache. — Harper's Young People. 