NADA THE LILT, By H. RIDER HAGGARD. Copyright, 1891, By H. Rider Haggard. (all bights reserved.) CHAPTER YIIL — (Cohtinued.) At length it drew on to evening, and the last company of the witch-doctors did their work, smelling ont some of the keepers of tbe JEmposeni, the house of the woman. Bnt there was one man of their conroanv. a voune man and a tall. who held back and took no share in the work, bnt stood by himself in the centre of the great circle, fixing his eyes on the heavens. And when this company had been also ordered to stand aside together with those whom they had smelt oat, the king called aiond to tne last ot rne witcn- doctors, asking him of his name and tribe, and why he alone did not do his office. ' My name is Iodabazimbi, the son of Arpi, O king,' he answered, ' and I am of the tribe of the Maquilisin. Does the king bid me to smell ont him of whom the spirits bave spoken to me as the worker to this deed ¥ ' I bid thee,' said the king. Then the young man Indabazimbi stepped straight forward across the ring, making no cries or gestures, bnt as one who walks from his gate to the cattle kraal, nnd:£uddenly be struck the king in-thefabe with the tail in his hand, saying inEriusll ont the Jdeooens above -No wa great gasp of - wonder went up from ths mmtitade, and ail looked to see. jhis ; jhjsilain by. Jtortare. Bnt Chaka mAR,,andfeughedjalond. . f Thou haA'said it, he cried, ' and thou alone ! Listen, ye people 1 I did the 'deed I I smote blood npon tbe gateways bf jny kraal ; with my own hand-L smote it, that I might learn who were khe tide doctors and who were the lalse! Now, it - seems that in the land of .the Zola there is one Irae Sector— this young man — and of the false, look on them and count them, they are like the leaves. Bee! there they stahd, and by them stand those whom they have doomed — the innocent whom, with their wives and children, they have doomed to the rfoaflbof the Then a gceat rosr.went Up from all the multitude — 'Let them die, O king !' Ay 1' he answered. ' Let them die as liars should I' Now, tbe I8&nn8l8;, men and women, ' screamed aloud in fear, and cried for ; mercy, tearing themselves with their \- nails, for least of all things did tbey 1 desire to taste of their own medicine of ; death. But tbe king only laughed tbe . more. ' ' Hearken ye !' he said, pointing t« ' the crowd of ns who had been smelt | out. ' Ye were doomed to death ,by j these fals9 prnpbet. Now glut' your ! selves upon them. Slay them, my children I slay, them all ! wipe them ont ! stamp them flat ! — all ! all, save this young man I Then we bounded from the gronnd, for oar hearts were fierce with hate and with longing to avenge the terrors we L.J 1 -TTT_ 1 J.J r . ,i ubu uurue. tt e uounaea irnm toe ground, we hurled ourselves upon the crowd of the Issnusis like dogs upon a buck ; we beat them down with r our little sticks, we worried them with onr hands, the devils who had doomed ns and onra to the death of shame and fear ! In vain they screamed and enrsed and straggled ; we slew them all. The doomed slew the doomers, while from the circle of the Ingomboco a great roar of langhter went np, for the hearts of men were glad because the harden of the witch-doctors had fa'leo from them. At last it was done, and we drew hack from the heap of the dead. Nothing was heard there now — no more cries or prayers or curses. They had all travelled the path on which they had set tbe feet of many. The king drew near to look. Alone he came, and all who had done his bidding bent their heads and crept past him, praising him as they weak Ooly I stood still, covered, as I was, with mire and filth, for I did not fear to stand in the presence of the king. Chaka drew near, and looked on the piled-np heaps of the slain and the cloud of dust that yet hung over tbem. ' Tberethey He, Mopo,' he said. 'There lie those who dared to prophesy falsely to tbe king ! That was a good word of thine, Mopo, which taught me to sat tbe snare for them ; yet methooght I saw thee start when Nobela, qneeo of the witch -doctoresses, switched death on thee. Well, they are dead, aud the land breathes more freely ; and for the evd that they have done, it is as yonder dust, that soon shall sink again to earth and there be lost.' Thus he spoke, the ceased — for, lo ! something moved beneath the cloud of dust, something broke a way through the heap of the dead. Slowly it forced its path, poBhiog the slain this way and that, till at length it stood upon its feet and tottered towards us: — a thing dread ful to look on. The shape was the shape of an aged woman, and even through the blood and mire I knew her. It was Nobela, she who had doomed me, she whom but now I had smitten to earth, bnt who bad come back from the dead to curse me ! On she tottered, her apparel hanging round ber in red rags, a hundred wouuds upon her face and form. She was dying, that I saw ; but life still flickered in her, and the fire of hate yet burned in her snaky eyes. ' Hail, king !' she screamed. ' Peace 1' he answered ; ' thon art dead !' ' Not yet, king. I heard thy voice and the voice of yonder dog, whom I would have given to the jackals, and I would not die till I had spoken. I smelt him out this morning when I was alive ; now that I am as one already dead, I smell him out again. He shall bewitch tbee with blood indeed, Chaka — he and Unandi, thy mother, and Baleka, thy wife. Think of my words when the assegai reddens before thee for the last time, king! Farewell !' And she gave one great cry and rolled upon the ground dead. ' The witch lies hard and dies hard,' said the king, carelessly, and turned upon his heel. But those words of dead Nobela remained fixed in his breast, or so much of them as had been spoken of Unandi and Baleka. There tbey remained like a seed in the earth, there tbey grew to briug forth fruit in their season. And thus ended the great Ingomboco of Chaka, the greatest Ingomboco that ever was held in Zulnland. CHAPTER IX. THE LOSS OF UHSLOPOGAAS. Now, after the great smelling ont of the witch-doctors, Cbaka caused a watch to be kept upon bis mother Unandi, and hie wife Baleka, my sister, and thisreport was brought to him by those who watched, that the two women came to my huts by stealth, and there kissed and nursed a boy — one of my children. . Then Chaka remembered the prophecy nf Nnhnla the dead Tsannsi. and bis heart grew dark with donbt. But to me he said nothing of the matter, for his eyes then, as always, looked over my head. He did not fear me or believe that I plotted against him, I who was his dog. Still, he did this, though whether by chance or design I do not know : he bade me go on a journey to a distant tribe that lived near the borders of the Amaswazi there to take count of certain of the king's cattle which were in the charge of that tribe, and to bring him knowledge of the tale of their increase. So I bowed before the king, and said that I would run like a dog to do hia bidding, and he gave me men to go with me. Then I returned to my hats to bid farewell to my wives and children, and there I found that mv wife AnadL the mother of Mosea, my son, had fallen sick with a wandering sickness, for strange things came into her mind, and what came into her mind tbat she said, being, as I did not donbt, bewitched by some enemy of my house. Still, I most go npon the king's business, and I told this to my wife Macropha, the mother of Nada, and, as it was thought, of Umslopogaas, the sod . of Chake. But when l told Macropha she buret into tears and dang to me. I asked her why she. wept thus; and she answered that tbe shadow of evil lay upon her heart; for hhe was sure that if I left her at the king's kraal, when I returned again I should find neither her nor "Nada, my child, nor Umelopogaas, who 'was' named my son, and whom I loved as anon, still in the land of life. Then I tiied to calm her ; but . the more I strove the tnore hhe wept/saylng that she knew well that these things would be so. Now I asked her what cnuld he done, for my hmrf wa< stirre-i by her tsars, and the dread of evil crept from her to me as shadows creep from the valley to the mountain. She answered, ' Take me with yon, my husband, that I may leave this evil land, where the very skies rain blood, and let me rest awhile in the place of my own people till the terror of Chaks has gone by.' ' How can I do this thiug ¥ I said. 'None may leave (he king's kraal with out the king's word.' ' A man may put away his wife,' she replied. 'The king doea not stand be- wesn a man and his wife. Say, my husband, that you love me no longer, that I bear yon no more children, and tbat therefore you send me back to wueDcs j. came. rsy-ana-oye we will come together again if we are left to look upon tbe sun.' 'So be it,' I answered. Leave the kraal with Nada and Umslopogaas this very night, and to-morrow morning meet me at the river bank, and we will go on together, and for tbe resl may the spirits of our fathers bold us safe.' So we kissed each other, and she went on secretly, with the children. Now, at the dawning ont he morrow I called the men whom the king had givea me, and we started upon our journey. When the sun was well up we came to the banks of the river, and there I found my wife Macropba, and with her the two children. They rose as I came, but I frowned at my wife and she gave me no greeting. Those with me looked at her askance. ' I have divorced this woman,' I said to them. ' She is a withered tree, a worn ont old hag, and now I take her back to send her to the country oftheSwazie, whence ehe came.' ' Weep not,' I added to Macropha, ' it is my last word.' ' What says the kiog f asked tbe men. ' I will answer to the king,' I said, and we went on. Now, I most tell how we lost Um- slopogaae, the sou of Chaka, who was now agreat lad drowning on to manhood, fierce in temper, well grown and broad for his years. We had journeyed seven days, for the way was long, and on the uight of the seventh day we came to a mountainous country where there few kraals, for Chaka had eateo them all np years be fore. Perhaps you know the place, my father. Ia it is a great and strange mountain. It is haunted and named the Ghost Mountain, and on the top of it is a grey peak shaped like the head of an aged woman. Here in this wild place we must sleep, for darkuess drew on. Now, we soon learned that there were many lions in the rocks around, for we heard their roaring and were much afraid, all except Umslopogaas, who feared nothing. So we made a circle of thorn-boshes and sat in it, hold ing our assegaiB ready. Presently the moon came np — it was a full-grown moon aud very bright, so bright that we could see everything for a long way round. Now, some six spear-throws from where we sat was a cliff, and at the top of the cliff was a cave, and in this cave lived two Hons and their young. When the moon grew bright we saw the lions come out and stand upon the edge of the cliff, and with them were two little ones that played about like kittens, so that had we not been frightened it would have beeu beautiful to see them. ' Oh I Umslopogaas,' said Nada, ' I would that I had one of the little lions for a dog.' The boy laughed, saying, ' Then, shall I fetch you one, sister ?' 'Peace, boy !' I said. ' No man may take young lions from their lair and live.' Such things have been done, my father,' he answered, laughing ; and no more was said of the matter. Now, when the lions had played a while, we saw the lioness take up the cabs in ber mouih and carry tbem into the cave. Then she came out again, aud went away with her mate to seek food, and scon we heard tbem roaring in tbe distance. Now we stacked up the fire and went to sleep in our enclosure o thorns without fear, for we knew tbat the Hons were far away eating game. But Umslopogaas did not sleep, for it had came into his mind ihat he would fetch the cub which Nada had desired, and, being young and foolhardy, he thought little of the dauger that he would bring npon himself aud aU of us. He knew no fear, and now, as ever, if Nada Bpoke a word, Day, even if ehe thought upou a thing to desire it, be wonld not rest till it was won for her. So while we slept he crept like a snake from the fence of thorns, and, taking an assegai in his band, he slipped away to tbe foot of the cliff where the lions had their den. Then he climbed tbe Clin, ana, coming to tue cave, entereu it and groped his way into it. The cubs heard him, and, thinking tbat it was their mother, began to whine and purr for food. Guided by the light of their yellow eyes, be crept over tbe bones, of which there were many in the cave, and came to where they lay. Then he pat np his hands and seized one of the cubs, killing tbe other with his assegai, becanse he conld not carry both of them. Now he made baste thence before the lions returned, and came back to the thorn fence where we lay just as the dawn was breaking. . (To be continued.) 