how tiiey gambled in ancient egypt. SATURDAY REVIEW, 2ND ArHIL.1 Whon Solniiu, soma years before tho Iixodus of tho Israelites, vlHited Ptah- nefor-ka iu his tomb, and insisted on obtaining tho magical boulf, as wo road in tho fourth volumo of tho Records of the Past, lie made a proposal to the ghost. Ho would play a gnmo of 52 points for tlio posses, oion. of it. , Then, wo rend, tho ghost of ptah- uotor-Ka "accepts trie proposal, uut-attompts to oliaat Sotnau, and is found out by him,, and losos tho game." Tlio domotio papyrus on whioh this ourious talo is written is among tho treasures of tiio Museum of Gizah, having been discovered in a box at Thebes, togothor with a number of liicratio and later documents, whioli hud belonged to a Cop. tie monk nnil tieon biu-iod with hiin. ' This is only one of many nncieat allusions to games of ohauce and of skill, and numberless ivory dico linvo liocu found in tombs. It is curious to note that those dico, which tiro somotimcs of beauti fully oolorcd porcolain, nro often loaded. When tho ghost cheated Hotnau ha apparently did' nothing that was out of tho common. Chess men also frequently occur.- Thoy nro sometimes of ivory beautifully curved, and repre sent grotosquo human forni3. Tlio chessmen exhibited at Manchester iu 1887, and afterwards presented by Mr. Ilowarth to tho British Museum, are lions' bonds, and are mado of a Imrd brown. wood. Mr. Fnikoner accepts tlio Iboory put forward in tlio Manchester catalogue that tiicso pieces nnd a chair, which was also presented to tlio museum by' Mr. Hownrtli actually bolonged to the groat queen, Qntshopsu', " of tlio Eighteenth Dynnsty— that is to say, somo 1600 years before tho Christian era. This remains to bo provod ; hut if tlio broken . . enrtouoko which acoompanios thom, aud tlio carved ornamontH of tho chair, nro of tlio saino hard wood ns tho mon, it would go far to satisfy tiio most socptical. But that tho Egyp tians of that period, mid long bctoro, did pluy nt various games, somo of thom of tlio most gambling olinraotor, and others elosoly re-' sombling oliess and draughts, there cannot ho tho slightest doubt. Iu . the tomb of one Rn-shepses or Shepsosrn, who lived at tlio timo of tho kings of tho Fifth Dynasty, while thoy were still building pyramids for royal sepul chres, there aro 'representations "of two gamos. Ono 1b culled 44 Sennt," :nnd consists of a hoard, "mon," and pieces exactly similar to thoso still eocn at tho door of a coffco shop in Egypt, dome shaped, somotiinos of wood, seine- times of- Ivory, .ami usually colored greon and' rod. The other gnmo is called- "Hnn," the jar, or bowl, and may liavo boon played witli a onn for diao, liko backgammon. The board in Kan isoirouirir. Was it n kind of roulotto? Tlio gnmo with pieces is roprosontod at Boni Hassan in a picture of thu timo of tlio Twolfth Dynasty. ' It was- not oliess, but more like' a kind of draughts. , The same or n similar gamo is represented nt Medineb Haboo, tlio sepulchral temple of ' llamesos III.,, of tho Twentieth Dynasty. Ibis- not possible to- toll with whom tlio king is' represented as .playing, as tho sculpture baa greatly doonyed ; but there can bo littlo doubt that tho performance is supposed to tako place after death. In a late papyrus ill tho British Musomn there is a grotosquo representation of a lion playing with nn antolopo. Tlio lato Dr.- Biroli was of- opinion that thoro woro six pieces to each player, that tlioy woro arranged parallel to tho players, and that as tho gnmo advanced "tho picocs wore playod sido by sido, and probably ' took laterally." Some boards- havo como down to .us- rind are in tho Britisli Museum nnd at Gizoh, ns woll ris in private- collodions. Tho puzzlo about thom is that tlioy. aro not all aliko. Tlio gaino at whioli Ptah-nufer-lca's ghost tried to cheat Sotnau seems to liavo been something wholly different, and tlio "fifty-two points" perhaps rcler to the pips on dieo. Ono Egyptian gamo was known as Ta-u— that is tho Kohhers— and this Mr. Falkenor in liis hook on Games, Ancient and Oriental, would identify with tlio Roman latruneuli; but Sir. Falkonor fimis out in tlio courso of his investigations tlint Dr. Biroh 44 oanuot bo ' trusted." Ho pnlpnbly contradicts himself in various artioles, and it was not nlwnys possiblo to mako out his meaning, for ho onrtalnly had no gift of lucid oxpooition. Mr. Falkenor, liowovcr, tries to sum up what lio has gathered from Dr; Biroh, nnd wo lonrn that tho latruneuli or lntroncs of tho Roman gnmo wore originally soldiers, but tlint by dogroos tho nnniobcoamo Bigniflcnnt of liooutiouauosH arid audacity, as tho soldier turned bandit. . Tho grime lio assorts to bo lively nnd inspiriting and worthy of modern practice. Tho Greeks called tlio piceea in their form of tlio gnmo 44 dogs," and tho modem Egyptian Arab calls his 44 kilnb," whioh iB tho plural of " kolb," n dog.' In tlio gamo of Tan tho pieces woro cnltod 44 ab," a word whioli -Mr.' Rollout ingoniously connects with "nb."' tho . heart, pointing out its connection withtkoidoa of .lcjjMiig ;or, Maying, and deriving our word; 'lieftrc from -a baiiacrit' : rc&tf; signifying pluy or hop. On this oviflonco Mr. ' Falkonor has - rocoiiati'ltctcil thu gamo. "Eftoli picco wasnn ab, and,- therefore, all tho pibcos, though rriov. ' ing only ono squaro at a timo in any direction, could leap oyer an adversary occupying ft con tiguous square, provided tho noxfc square wero open, as in draughts, but without taking it. Ho proceeds to givo tbo diagram of a board, nnd plays ft gamo which occupies, ho says, about two hours, but might, no doubt, be accom plished iu a muoh shorter timo by practised players. 