BOB MARTIN'S LITTLE CIRL. A Novel bt DAYID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author op Joseph's Coat, Aunt Rachel, Rainbow Gold, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; All Rights Reserved. Chapter XXYL— (Continued.) In liia oncountor with Dom, or during the latter half of it at least, Hetheridgo had con- ducted liimsolf with a surpassing oaolness, but when onco tho necessity for the continued strain was over, ho began to know how muoh in nervous torco lus (lotonsive lustinot liad cost him. He had stood nrid watched Dom from the room and had waved his irand after him with a gesture of insolent triumph nnd disdain, but before tho retreating enemy's footsteps had traversed half the Btairway, he fell baok in a state of extreme collapse into tho chair ho had just quitted. His head spun liko a teetotum, and thera was a sound in Iris ears liko that made by tho rush of a train through a tunnol. The beating of his heat t and tho free piny of his lungs seemed re stricted by an iron pressure. Littlo by little these alarming symptoms relaxed in force, and after a pause of poriiapB ton minutes he crawled giddily to tho bell pull, rang the boll, nnd stumbled back again. The waiter appearing, he demanded another glass of brandy, and after drinking it, "felt somewhat better, though still alarmingly weak and Bbakcn, and as dizzy as a man standing on the edge of a prcoipioe. He was ashamed to ask for a further stimulant, nnd so feebly fumbling for his purso, paid his score and oropt away to divo into the first house of public resort he came to, and to take a third glasa of brandy and water there. His shadowy onemy was at his shoulder again, nnd in a form far mote real than he ever assumed before. Ho saw him in his habit as he lived at tho time when he had first really begun to liato him. The figure was always behind him, aud yet was present to his mental gaze olear to tho least detail. He saw the candid .brown eyes, the plain manly features, the fresh color, the littlo bit of side whisker on the cheek, the homqspun dross. Ho saw the very pattern of the gaiters, the stain of country soil upon the boots." Ho did not recall any special moment nt which he had seen his victim pre cisely thus, and yet ho know that at some speoial moment his mind had seized the imnge and now reproduoed it with nu absolute fidelity. Had anyono boon interested iu watching him ho would have soon the furtive fearful glance aoross the shoulder, whioh had bocomo habitual with him, . repeated half a dozen tiinoB a minute. With the fourth glass of brandy he screwed his. courage to the stioking point, and ventured anow into the streots. They were almost deserted at that hour, and lie walked swiftly but shakily to Brond-strcet station, and there paced the platform whilst ho waited a train for Richmond duo in somo 10 minutes. The silent invinoible avonger haunted liiin, though it never moved a foot or made the faintest cliango in posture or expression. It was so roal to him that when ever, in his pacing to and fro, lie turned sharply round upon his own track a foolish relief and amazement possessed his mind when ho failed to seo it. Ho walked briskly, he lagged, zig zagged purposely here and there, paused alto gether. The immovablo, nnsscapable, dread ful thing was always at his shoulder, rendy to luy a hand upon him. This living nightmare had been his companion moro or less for years, but had Dover bcon so near, so real or so threatening as now. It would have boon a blessed relief to scream aloud, beneath the in tolerable anguish of its presonco, hut that way madness lay, and there was no guessing into what madness of self denunciation he might bo hurried if onoe ho allowed the presenoe to break down his nerve. He must euduro the unendurable— must carry the torment of tho damned about with him and mnko no sign. When tho train baqkod into tho railway station he took liis place in a lonely carriage, and it inera physical instinot screwed himself tight into a corner seat ; but the physical obstacle be interposod made no diilorenco to the position of tho unrelenting phantom. Apart from the awful clearness of his appre hension' of its presence, it carried a terror with it he had never known bofore. All thesa years lio had seemed to be freo even of suspicion, and at last ono man bad formulated against liim a charge whioh his own soul had never failed to. bring in any waking hour of any day since the deed was done. He bad foiled hie acouser for the time, but that meant nothing, or might mean nothing. Any wind of ohanco might carry new evidence to tho man who know so muoh and guessed bo muoh already. Ho drank deep that night nnd drugged his fears at last, but when ho awoke, siok with excess, he found his ghost still in its place, im placably serene and oheerful, the George Red wood of a quarter of a century ago. Ho felt that business was impossible for the day, and he sent a telegram to that effeot is - town. "If necessary to consult mo, oomu down. Too ill to leavo house. Rofuso ali inquirers address." An hour or two later hiB confidential man appeared with a bundle of im portant papers and loft them for his employer's consideration. "Come down again, Jessamer," he said. " Como in the afternoon, or better still; com- in the oyening. There are a soore of things about whioh I may give you instructions. I'm not altogother well, and I may be forced to take a holiday. " The mockery of tho phrase hit him hard, and somo of Jts -bitterness jfound its way into his tone. There was small hope of a holiday for him while that plaoid bugbear stood ehangclcss at his shoulder. " Bring your hand- - bag with you, and stay tho night. I may detain you late." This invitation was equal to a oommand, and Jessamer accepted it, bowing low. Hetheridgo waB his man of mon ; a king in finance, and with every sign of growth in his importance in finan cial oirolos, Jossamer took higher rank among his compoors. Ho had never had such an honor placed upon him ns Hetheridgo now offered. To be invited ns a guest at Hetheridge's house, if only for a night, was in itself a high distinction. If he lmd known tlio compelling dread of lone, liness whioh diotated tho invitation, he might, perhaps, have felt less flattered by it. "Can you bo hero to dinner?" Hetheridgo asked. "At what hour, sir?" " Say seven o'clock." "I fear, sir," returned Mr. Jessamer with ft smooth obsequiousness, "that that will bo impossible. Tho Amerioan mail leaves to-night, I shall be scarcely able to quit the offioo before seven." " Ah, yos," said Hctheridge ; "of course, of course, I had forgotten. Get down as soon as you can. I can give you a bottle of good wine, Jessa mer," headdod, with a clumsy pretence at genial ty, whioh flattered tho confidential man anew "We will talk things over. It is not improba- blo that I may leave affairs iu your care for a littlo while. I havo not had even a pretonoo of rest for years." "Yon will forgive my presuming to notice it, sir," said Jessamer, "but I havo thought you > worked too hard. The opinion ia not mine alone, sir, it's quite general, I assure you." "I dare say, Jessamer, I dare say," his empioyor answered with the some clumsy show of geniality as before. " We'll seo about things to-night." Mr. Jessamer, accepting this ns his dismissal, ; went liis way with uplifted heart, feeling himself indood to be the chosen of Pharaoh. Hether- ' idge stayed behind to endure his own torments as he might. He dived deep into the papers which had been laid before him, and for tile first time in his life felt business wholly without value as nu antidote to thought. The sultry heat of the ' day oppressed him though he sat with open windows, and oven in tho lawn whioh sloped from liis walls to the waters of slow gliding Thames, tile air seemed confined and close. ' The clouds had built up every where on under - root of doleful grey. There were occasional - uneasy rumblings of thunder, and now and ngain a flash of harmless summer lightning " pulsated swiftly across the clouded landscape. AVhether he strove in vain to grasp the mean- - ing of tho business papore, or read the money - column of tile Timet, or wandered idly on tho lawn, or sat at meals, it was all one. The ! changeless, plaoid phantom clung olose to his shoulder, and every passing hour seemed to : make its prosonoe more and moro intolerable. He drank heavily at dinner, trusting to > obscure his thoughts. " I must keep sobor till I have onoe seen : Jessamer," he- thought, "and then I must > drown everything." ' Tile night was -prematurely dark, and ewift ; gusts ' of - wind were rising. They lashed the trees which stood upon the, lawn into moans of > torment, whioh were succeeded by long pauses : of brooding'sUenoe, and they laid unseen hands J on door and cnSement, and mourned about the ' houso ns if resontfiil of oxtrnsion. ' "If anybody should oall," he snid, as he rose ! from tho dinner table, "I shall bo in my own room. Put out the brandy and soda there, ' light the lamp, and leave out some cigars." The man obeyed him and left him alone. ' A' groat blast Burgod up against tho houso and set ' liis torn nerves quivering witli a superstitious 1 terror nt its voices. Ho walked to his own room '' through trio shadows of the hall, and as ho did ' so, for tlio first time, his phantom seemed to ' undergo a change. Eye and hand both menaced ; him, and in n sudden access of terror ho fairly sprang into the apartment and slammed tho door behind him. At that instant the bell rang, ' ' and lie heard voices in the hall. " Hero at last,'' he thought, " thank God, is Jessamer." Another gust of. wind, fiercer than any of its/ ,, precursors, burst opon the French windows, : and tho light in tho lnmp flickered nnd went"- out. A vivid flash of lightning illumined lawn and river and sky for a single instant, and then the jaws of darkness did devour it up. A tremendous orash of thunder followed, and a < deluga of sudden rain cams swishing into the roorii. Ho struggled with the windows in the darkness, forced them back and seaured them. - He groped his way to the table and folt for a box of wax vestas whioh he remembered to havo Been there. Having found it ho struck a light and removed the shade and tho heated lamp glass, saving his fingers from contnat with it by : using his handkerchief, relit tlio lamp, replaced tho glass and shade, and slowly turned up the light. For a mero instant ho had forgotten his phantom terror, but when he raised his head ho -' saw it standing there in flesh and blood, before . him, feature for feature, lino for huo, from head' to foot tho same. Ho stared with haggard eyes, and tho apparition camo forward. Its lips, moved and it spoke. " My namo is Georgo Redwood." Ono unhnagitinblo shock of horror struok him, and ho foil upon his faco. Chapter XXVII. Potter was the firat to rcoover himself from the amazement excited by this Btrange and . terrible inoidont. . He had lingered a little out-'! sido tho doorway, but though unseen had ; witnessed Hetheridge's fall. He dashed into; the room, and lifting Hetheridge from the floor,' set him in a chair, and with ono vigorous effort; burst the inseusiblo man's collar. The head , rolled round and fell -upon the breast in a' ghastly somblanoe of death. George stood as if rooted to tho floor. In the ! one instant for which Hotlicridge's glance of horrified recognition had endured, he read the confirmation of Dom'a suspicions. Tho truth . sprang upon him like a flash of lightning. Hotheridgo,' who had not seen him sinoe ho was ' the morost striDlinc. had been led bv that re- . raarkablc likeness which existed between hirii- self and his father into . tho delusion that hie victim had returned from the'grave to reproach - him with his orimo. The belief shot through liis soul in a moro instant of time, but from that;, moment doubt was impossible. Suspicion . ended there. He know. "For God'B sake, matey!" cried Potter,, "lend a hand here. Don't let the mari.dio' bofore your eyes. Ring the bell." ; ? ' George awoke from his stupor and obeyed. The man servaut oamo briskly, in and stood., ippalled at tho -spectacle which greeted him. fn his headlong fall, Hetheridge bad received a tutepon the forehead and the blood from this ilight wound trickled down a face awfully dis torted and of a bluish pallor. ; "Your master has bad a paralytic stroke, ' aid George. "Send at once for a doctor. Is ;bere one near at hand V " There are two or threo close by," the man responded, staring and trembling. "Run, man, run," commanded George. "Don't lose a second." The man with a backward glance sped away and rushed hatless into the storm. Tho howling of the wiud, the lashing of the rain against the uncurtained windows, tho repeated thunder, and the vivid dashes of the lightning seemed a portion of his owu emotions, to Redwood. Otherwise he was scarcely conscious of them and yet they added to the tumult of bis mind. Potter held his helpless head in both hands, and George having first sprinkled Hclheridgo's face, wiped away the thin trickling stream of blood which disfigured it, and strove to force a little brandy through the clcuched teeth. Many a time afterwards in recalling the sccno to memory, he was conscious of a crawling re pugnance to himself for having so much as touched his father's murderer, but in the ox citement of the time ho felt nothing of this. "Lucky we came in time to see him drop," said Potter. "He might have laid here for hours if we hadn't ohnnccd to come in at the minute. He's breathing," bo added by-and-byc, "and his heart's beating, but that's about ail you can say for him." The slow minutes crept along, but not many had passed by when the man servant came tear iug h»ck, soaked to the skin, his wet hair, matted on his forehead. The doctor he had summoned followed close upon his heels, and after a brief examination ordered the iincon BciotiH figuro to be borne upstairs. Tho man servant standing to watch the doctor's prelimi nary ousei vation hud left a pool of water on the floor, and when Hetheridge was carried away the wet patch on the carpet deepening and brightening its red color, looked suggestivo of n tragedy. Putter lent a band in removing the patient, and on his return found Redwood alone, seated with his face hidden in his hand and trembling like a man in nn ague fit. "Come, Master George, pull yourself together a bit," caid Sam, shaking him gently by the shoulder. "It wa« n shocltm' tiling to see, and that there's no contrndictin ; but there's no need to take on like this." "You don't understand, Sim," moaned Red wood, "you don't understand." "YThat don't I understand ?" Sam asked. Redwood returned nu answer, aud he repeated his question solicitously. "Take no notice of mo, Sam," George said, "lam not myself." He bad bad full time to decide that ElSice's life should never be darkened by the knowledge of her father's crime. Tho one man in the world who could have enlightened him as to the girl's real parentage stood at his elbow, and n word to him would have dispelled for ever the cloud which then, and for so long afterwards, rested upon his spirit. Rut that word wus not fated to be spoken. Potter, seeing how distressed he was, kept a sympathetic silence, and George occupied him self with his owu thoughts. There wan no fight between duty and inclination :q his mind. HU mother must, if possible, bo spared tbc know ledge of the loathsome fate, to which ho had been invited by the stricken villain, under wheso roof he sat. and it was obviously impossible to denouueo the father of tho girl ho loved. That was aa impossible as any hope of union between them. Dum's speech, which had Bounded so crazy to bis ears at. the time of his uttcranco, was no more now than the sober expression of a fact Loving her as he did, he would rather have put his hand into the firo than have licr again to marry Mm. He would rather have seen her with hcrownliandinlbofirc, than again have taken her to his arms. The father's sin had set up nn insurmountable barrier. . He knew it beyond question, and the knowledge broke his heart. Hetheridge had boon carried into the room overhead, and they could hear the footsteps of tho doctor and the cot-vent, who hud placed lior self at liis command, and could binetimes catch a murmur of their voices. In tho npaco of half an hour . tho doctor descended and entered tho room in which they awaited tho vordict. Georgo asked his news at ouco. " The case is grave," the doctor answered. "Very grave." "Will lie recover?" "That," returned tho medical man, "is impossible to say. X believe Mr. Hetheridge is quite alone in tho world. There is no ouo to appeal to?" "Yes," said George. "Ho boa a daughter who lives at WelUtcd in Essex." "She should be communicated with at once." "I will see to that," George answered. "I will wire to-night to my mother, who is her near neigbbnt, aud oak her to break the news,". "I gather," said the doctor, drawing on his gloves, " 1 gather from tho man who oamo to c&U; mo that you were present at the seizure. Was tlmt so? Can you tell mo anything of its nature ?" George wok on his guard. "A gust of wind had blown open tho windows as I entered the room. The lamp was extin guished. Mr. Hotheridgo closed tho windows and re-lit tho lamp. He was at that tiino apparently well and self possessed, but at the moment at which he turned up the light, he foil forward on his face." "And nothing occurred to shock or startle liim ?" That," said George, "I cannot toll you." "It was like this, inatcy," Sam interposed. "He turned the lamp up, ho stared n't Master George here for half a second, and then he dropped like a poleaxcd bullock." "Excuse mo," said the doctor, "but is it possible that your appearanco hero could in any way have startledor excited him ?" "That I cannot toll," George responded. .George, in spite of his field attiro, looked like a geutleman from head to heel, and the doctor cross-examined him somewhat reluctantly, but ho felt it his duty to liis patient to know what ho could about tho case. " You can tell me at least if the nature of the business which brought you here could in any way have been exciting to him?" "Why, bless your soul," oried Potter, " he'd no time to know what the business was. He dropped as if he'd been shot." "A very alight predisposing cause will some times act in these coses, said tho doctor " You can toll mo, I snppose, if your relations with Mr. Hotheridgo were amicable?" " I was ongaged," George returned, speaking with an evident effort, though nobody but him self. could guess bow much that effort cost him, "X was engaged with bis consent, to be married to his daughter." "I understand your distress, air," said the doctor, Iittlo knowing how far his understanding was from the faot. "There had been no dis agreement, no . withdrawal of consent, for Instance?" "None; Georgo answered. ""Wo had not even met ainco I was a more boy." Ho was bound to hide the truth He felt be could bo guilty of no blacker crimo than to xeveal it "Tho case," the doctor mused half to him- solf, "is very curious, very curious indeed. You will undertake to communicate," he asked aloud, " with Miss Hetheridge, Mr. — — "My name » Redwood," Georgo responded, filling up the doctor's pause. "Thank you." "I will communicate with Miss Hetheridge by wire to-night X'll do so through my mother, who will break tho news to ber gently." "It won't want much gentle breaking," Sam declared. "He's never took tbo least bit of interest in tho ohiid. He's found lier money in plenty, to be sure, but nothing else. She'd have had a million times tbe lovo with mo and Tilda." Neither of his hearers was within measurable distance of the true reading of this speech. George, though ho thought ho understood, was as fur away as the stranger. "Well," said the doctor, "I shall make it my busiuass to call in Sir William KeppolL Mr. Hetheridge is a man of great wealth, and I sup pose it is my duty to do my absolute best for him." " Most certainly," George answered, finding himself appealed to. "Most assuredly." "Then I will wire at ouoe," said the doctor. "The storm is ovar, may I show you to the telegraphic office, or perhaps you know the way?" "No," Georgo responded, "I am a stranger here." At this point a servant entered and announced the arrival of Mr. Jessamer. "And who is Mr. Jessamer?" asked the doctor. Tho gentleman in question presented himself at the door. " I am Mr. Hethcridge's managing clerk," he announced advancing into the room, and looking' with some surprise at its occupants. "Iam here by appointment." i "Iam sorry to tell you," said the doctor, "that Mr. Hetheridge is seriously and even dangerously ill." "Rut not, I trust, unablo to attend to business," cticd Mr. Jessamer. "Absolutely unable," returned the doctor. " He is suffering from what is commonly called a pnralyticstroko." "Great heavens," ejaculated Mr. Jessamer. "How sudden ! How appalling ! I left him this afternoon in full possession of his health and faculties. How long will it bo before bo is in n position to be consulted." "It is impossible to say at present," the doctor answered, " whether he will over bo in a position to be consulted again. Pray don't understand me ns sayingthat he will not recover. I say only that the cac is one in whioh it is ira possible to make Any forecast." "Jormyn," said Mr. Jessamer, turning to the servant, who lingered at the door, "I shall take up my quarters here for the present. I must he near Mr. Hetheridge in case of even a partial recovery. Take ray portmanteau upstairs." "Yes, Mr. Jessamer," tho servant answered. "Mr. Hotheridgo gave orders to havo a room preimred for you this afternoon." " It would be well to have somebody near at hand." said tbo doctor. "I was called in to attend the case," ho explained, "and I was just about to take on myself tbc responsibility of wiring to Sir William KeppelL" "Oh, Sir William, by ail means," cried Mr. Jessamer. " Mr. Hetheridge must have tho best possible advice. And u skilled nurse, doctor. Huveyou thought of the skilled nurse? " J will wire for ono at onco. I am going to the telegraph oiiico now. May I offer you my services as pilot, Mr. Redwood ?" "Thank you," answered George, languidly. Ilia heart lay in his bosom like ice and lend— heavy, and as cold aa death. There were tattered rags of clouds still hang ing in the sky, but as lied wood,. Sam and the doctor emerged upon the drive the stars wero shining brightly, the air was mild , and balmy, and had a singular refreshment in it. The cool odors of the wot earth rose like an inconso of gratitude. In the streets the channels wero still flooded and roaring towards tho sewers. The doctor talked of indifferent matters as thev went, rising with true pro fessional elasticity from the memory of tho gloomy horror ho had left behind. It it wero a doctor's business to keep in memory the scnti mont of every chamber of suffering and despair he visits, the profession of healing would welcome fow aspirants and nurture stilt fewor practitioners. Georgo' message was blunt and to tho point. "Hethoridgo dangerously ill, perhaps dying. Rrcnk new to Ellice. He is staying at Nevada Villa, Richmond." (to ds continued.) 