OUR NOVEL. prow FIRST PUBLISHED.! UNDER THE GREAT SEAL, A NOVEL, BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "Clytie," By Order of the Crab, John Needham's Double," " Cbubl London," &c.; [Copyright, 1892, by Tillotson a Son.'] CHAPTER XIX. The Mysteries of Wilderness Creek. Apart from the natural dangers of that part of the coast which was dominated by Demon's Rock, mariners had other reasons for giving the waters of Wilder- ness Creek a wide berth. Grim and forbidding as are the thousand miles of the Atlantic coast of Labrador, the region which included Nasquappe and Wilder- ness Creek was a concentration of its horrors. During countless ages the frosts and storms of winter, like untiring sculp- tors, have been carving the rocks into fantastic shapes, nowhere more strange and weird than where they guard the navigable current that Keith had discovered. Borne on the winds from this area of Nasquappe, the Creek, and Demon's Bock, sailors off Labrador heard in the air, and on the tops about the masts, a great clamour of voices, confused and mixed such as you may hear from a crowd at a fair or in a market place ; whereupon they knew that the Island of Demons was not far away. In the old charts it is marked , with devils rampant, having horns and tails. The sailors of those days had woeful privileges that do not belong to their successors. They had seen the Flying Dutchman beating round Cape Horn. They had seen the phantom ship of the Cornish wrecker in cloudy squally? sailing over sea and land ; the Scotch Meggie of the Shore, with her visions of spectre boats that were doomed and " The Spectre ship of Salem, with the dead men in her shrouds, Sailing sheer above the water in the looming moving clouds." They had seen the demons of the storm, the mermaid with her comb and glass, the sea-serpent with his fiery eyes ; they had spoken dead men's ghosts. With the legends of the Labrador coast they mixed stories that were half the truth and traditions that held their place in poetry and romance. Whittier, the American poet, tells of a phantom ship which mariners a hundred years ago would swear to. The young captain of the schooner visited the Labrador coast, where in a secluded bay lived two beautiful sisters with their Catholic mother both fell in love with the handsome skipper who, however, was devoted to the younger of the two. She was shut up in her room by the mother just at the moment when she had arranged to meet her lover and fly with him Her elder sister profiting by her absence went in her place and was carried out to sea in the skipper's vessel. On learning the deception that had been practised upon him. he returned to find his sweetheart dead, and no more in life was seen of the shipper or his ship. *' But even yet at Seven-Isle Bay Is told the ghastly tale Of a weird unspoken sail. She flies before no earthly blast, With the red sign fluttering from her mast, The ghost of the schooner Breeze." A noted legend of the adjacent Belle t Isle was told in fo'castle yarns in the days of which I am speaking ; how Boberval had put on shore from his fleet the Lady Marguerite, niece of the then Viceroy of New France and her lover, whose conduct had scandalised him during the voyage out from home. He selected for their punishment the Island of Demons. Here the unhappy pair were attacked by the fiends. The sailors could tell you how may of them there were and the particular form of their horns and tails, and the horrid grin of their fiery jaws and they could tell you of the whiteness and purity of the band of saints that came to the aid of the penitent lovers. But even these heaven-sent messengers could not save the father nor the child ; both died within a few days, leaving the Lady Marguerite alone in the terrible wilderness. One day the smoke of a fire attracted some fisher- men on a bright calm day ; they ventured to land on the haunted island and there they found the unhappy woman, and rescued her after she had lived among the fiends of Demon's Isle for upwards of two years. These stories and many more startling mysteries of the deep and its haunted coast the sailors knew by heart. But they knew nothing of the realities, of Wilder- ness Creek. The fishermen, who, in the bright summer months, carried off the harvests of the Labrador coast, had not the remotest idea of tempting the demons of Nasquappe or the adjacent islands by a trk> beyond the boundaries of their fish stakes and landing stages. For years and years, with the first signs of autumn, the fishermen from France and Italy, from America and the West of England had sailed home with their scally treasures, some to be caught by hostile cruisers, some to go to the bottom, perhaps, the larger proportion fortunately to find welcoming hands at ancient jetties and in picturesque so. ports. When the St. Dennis, dashing into the broken waters that were white with foam one moment, black, the next with the shadows of forbidding rocks, had in the hands of her daring pilot sailed into Wilderness Greek and found rest in the still, calm harbour, it was found that one of their company was missing. He had either remained on board the Avenger with the Frenchmen, or had been drowned. Keith concluded that he had not met with the latter fate, seeing that he must have been born to be hanged. This person was no other than Lester Bentz, whose life had been spared at the intercession of Preedie that he might be made the drudge and butt of the ship. There was more vengeance in keeping him alive under such circumstances, Preedie argued, than in giving him the quiet rest of the grave ; so Bentz had been spared, but only for what he conceived to be a living death, seeing 3 [The sole right of publication in West Aus trade has been purchased by the proprietor of the West Australian. that every day he expected Keith to cut him down or have him swung to the yard-arm as he had seen the Rear-Admiral of the fishing fleet swung above the fire. When, therefore the opportunity came for a change of masters, Bentz hid himself in the hold of Bistack's unfortun the ship and presently made friends with the persons, who were taken in tow by the three decker, M George, and carried to Halifax. The St. George had given up her chase of Keith and his prize, only when the chase led to shoals and rocks that were more dangerous than batteries of guns or the boarding pikes of overwhelming numbers. She lay-to off Labrador the next day, and the weather having moderated, sent a boat in search of bodies or other signs of wreck and disaster. The officer returned, having nothing to report beyond the well known inaccessibility of the coast and the dangers that threatened even the best managed boat in the currents that swift about the jutting rocks and crags that are as foothills to the frowning promontories that lift their stormy heads to the skies. When the Anne of Dartmouth made for Wilderness Creek after her emancipa- tion from the command of Bistack, Bentz by order of Preedie had been confined to the hold, where he had remained until the ship was once more out at sea. But he had heard sufficient in the undisguised talk of the crew to enable him to give valuable information to the English Admiral ; but his lordship only regarded the revelations of Bentz as to an inland lake and à*calm channel passing through the broken and booming waters of the danger marked coast, as a sailor's yarn and no attempt was made to test the truth of his romantic story. Bentz being missed, Keith at once had the entrance to Wilderness Creek barred with chains; and a similar precaution was taken in regard to the exit of the harbour. This accomplished, he and his crew settled down to rest and for mutual counsel and recreation. The season was unusually mild. As a rule the snow lies over northern Labrador from September until June. In this year of Keith's exploits, September has come in mild and genial, with lovely autumn tints ashore, and only moderate gales at sea. The wind that had filled the sails of the air. Dennis was almost the first gale of the autumn. It had been succeeded by a spell of fair weather. The season was, indeed, so unusually mild that it enabled them to explore the surrounding country, and in that garden of berries which Keith had discovered in his first wander- ing about the coast, they built a log house and cleared the land around it for cultivation. It was only the work of a week to make the place habitable, and here Keith and Preedie and Nicol and Scot, and occasionally others of the crew came to drink their grog and smoke and quaff the Frenchman's wine as they talked over their plans for the future. The days went by pleasantly enough and knowing the history of their recent exploits it might have surprised any look- person to see how easily the men amused themselves, to hear the genial songs they sung, and to listen to their yarns of adventure. There was one old fellow, of whose tales Keith never tired. He had been mate to a pirate captain with headquarters at Salem. No one in the quaint old town pretended to suspect his chief and owner, who lived in a many gabled house overlooking the bay, and with a garden full of vegetables and flowers. The pirafêThad a wife, a shrew with her tongue and a cat with her claws and when the ship put into Salem she would have the crew go up to the house to dig and weed; and it would have done your heart good, sir, to have seen that worthy old dame in command. By the lord, sir, we were more afeared of her angry eye than all the hard words the captain gave us. We dug and stayed at that garden like any niggers ; every time we came ashore there was a new piece of land to bring under cultivation ; they say a pirates heartless and free, but give him a female skipper on shore, and see what she can make of the toughest of us !" It was a standing joke with Keith to mimic the Salem dame and order the crew to dig, even though they had spades to tame the wilderness, and he was as pleased as a child when the carpenter brought along half a dozen home-made spades and half a dozen of the crew went to work with them. This " idle waste of time," as Donald Nicol called it, was not, however, allowed to interfere with the taking of every precaution for the full and complete protection of the ship. Although it was not likely they would have to meet any attack from the land, Keith had huts built for sentinels commanding the outlet from Demon's Bock and a post of observation was constructed on the eastern side of the harbour, where the sea birds had for centuries played the part of flying fiends and demons in the superstitious and fictitious history of the coast of Labrador, Bell Isle, and the adjacent seascapes of rock and water, of sand and shingle, and frowning hills and fearsome valleys. CHAPTER XX. Once Fbebnd and Many Foes. . Keith had hoped to make one more trip before laying up for the winter. But he had a comrade's consideration for his men. They had behaved splendidly, even when most they had reason to doubt his seamanship, and he was anxious not only to keep faith with them to the letter but to give them what he called " a reight gude merrie time." They had signed articles of the most stringent if generous character. They were similar to those which Preedie had signed in the days of Hoyland. Every man had a vote in affairs of moment, had an equal title to liquors and rations in times of pressure ; prize money was to be shared in proportions laid down with proper regard to position and wages, from the captain to the humblest soul on board games of dice or cards for money were prohibited ; lights were to be out at fixed times; no woman was allowed on board; all weapons were to be kept in clean and perfect order ; no quarrel was to be settled with arms on board ; duelling was discountenanced, and could only take place with the captain's permission, and then the meeting must be on shore ; desertion in time of battle was to he punishable with death; equal severity to be meted for the crime of robbery : no man to retire from the service until his share of booty amounted to at least one thousand pounds ; injuries to the person in the service to be compensated out of the common stock. This sum of a thousand pounds apiece had already been earned by the capture of the St. Dennis, after the officers had received their proportionate shares, the captain taking three, and subordinate officers two and one and a quarter. The men of the Anne of Dartmouth who had signed articles with the rest were more than content, and they were devoted to their new captain. The division of the spoil, the surveying of the ship, Vue excursions ashore, the gardening, the counsels of war, and the extra nights of grog and merriment, made the time go as quickly as it was pleasant. But before the month was ended, and on the eve of serious thoughts of a last brief cruise before the winter should set in, the wind changed, and the snow came down in a blinding storm that was followed by keen frosts and icy blasts, such as made it a very risky thing to engage in any further enterprises until the spring. It was argued that inaction for six months at least would demoralise the crew and Preedie suggested that it might be well to lift anchor and lay up at Salem, or even in the harbour of New York, where they could ship the extra hands necessary to the complete manning of their new vessel. But Keith with a lively faith in the strength of England, while he was willing to war against her, hinted that neither Salem or any other American port might he safe. Furthermore, the Americans would consider their capture of the St. Dennis an act of piracy in a flag flying the stars and stripes and as for a cruise in the southern seas (also proposed by Freed), he was for letting well alone ; it was in these latitudes that it should most satisfy them all to make their power felt. As for inaction, he planned on a continual fight with winter to keep open a track to the garden hut, and moreover there was plenty of work to be bone in adapting the St. Dennis to their own tastes and requirements. He was for settling down into winter quarters, and those quarters the harbour of Wilderness Creek. While the question was being discussed, winter intervened with barriers that left no option whether the ship should sail or not. The Master of the Frost and Snow drew his strong chains across both entrance and exit. The harbour was a little sea of ice. jagged rock and shining boulder were fringed with shining beads and pendants. Bergs began to form in the waterways outside the creek. Captain and crew accepted the inevitable, and for such a company they passed the time in very wholesome fashion, fighting the snow and ice and putting the ship into perfect repair, making hardy trips of sport with gun and trap, and living a life of activity, only now and then debased by a debauch of drink and ribald songs, in which Keith would join with a wild uncontrollable energy. He had, nevertheless, fits of despair, days and nights of speechless depression, followed by an unnatural activity. His cheeks grew thinner and thinner his aspect more and more gaunt. In appearance he had put on a premature old age. Only half through the allotted span of man, he was worn and wrinkled as any patriarch. His sunken eyes had nevertheless the brilliancy of youth. They sparkled in their cavernous depths. His thin hands were strong as eagle's claws. A long drooping moustache worthy of a Norseman's visage mingled with his straggling beard, white and brown-a mixture of youth and age. His dress was picturesque in its careless commonness : a worn and ragged leather jerkin, baggy trousers, high brown boots, a broad buckled belt with knife and pistols, and a slouching hat of felt, worn far back, leaving the strange thing expressive face open to sun and storm, defiant, wild, vengeful. He might have been made of iron, so little did he heed or fear hardships of sport or march, of sleepless nights and days of perilous work and hard. In his profane way of looking at things he would say that; God would not let him die of cold or heat of steel or poison, it was His will to torture him with ghosts and fit him for the lowest depths of the fiery pit for He had a grudge against him which ought he might do of good or evil made any account. Then he would steal away where no eye could see him and weep bitter tears and pray in a blasphemous manner, as one bereft. After this would come a calm, a tightening of the lips, and a planning of murderous deeds of plunder and of vengeance. (To he continued on Wednesday.) 