Sydney Hunt Club. The hounds met at Parramatta railway station on Saturday last, for exercise. The weather looked very forbidding, but held up long enough for everyone to get back before a drenching shower set in about 5 o'clock. There were about thirty followers out, and among those present were — Mr. W. Cope (the master) on Waverley, Messrs. A. A. Westley on Donkin, Caruth on Mayor, A. E. . Thnrnfi «n Here's T.iir.k. .T. TT. Galbraith oil Bantam. G. A. Terry on Rocket, B. W. Lenehan on Sunday, M. Ford on Wrangler, T, Mullins on Tudor, H. Francis on Peter Simple, M'Kelevey on Vesta, Eric Teny on Zoe, W. Hayes on Cremorne, W. Lamb on Dorothy, A. Dunn on My Lord, G. J. Lamb on Jimmy, A. Smith on Kinsman, Juliani on Satan, B. Cortis on Helios, A. Fullager on Melos, W. Fullager on Beauty, W'. Crew on Mason. ? Mont gomery on Josslyn, Masters Williamson, Luckey, and Harrison on Tommy Byan, Impulse, and Carrathoul, Luckey (huntsman) on Woodbine, and the whips, Fitzgerald and Gordon, on Snake and The Ghost respectively. A drag was laid by Masters Williamson and Luckey from Fullager's treble in the direction of Smithfield, to where a wallaby had been turned down. When the hounds threw off an un satisfactory start was made, as some of the young hounds, breaking from control, went after a hare which crossed their track, and ran it up to the Prospect Canal, where they lost it in some scrub. A check was then made and the hounds picked up the drag once more and eventually ran into the wallaby, which did not run far. After another short check, a - return drag was laid by Masters Williamson and Luckey across country. 'The hounds quickly picked up the trail alhd running exceedingly well, were not long in reaching the finish at Fullager's treble. The Bun coming out strongly after the previous day's rain had made the ground very slippery, and several harmless purls were indulged in by some, of the straight goers, but the mishaps did not seem to shake their ardour. The hounds meet again at Parramatta Railway Station on Saturday next, 3rd September, at 2.30 p.m. ? 