CHURCH OF ENGLAND GRAMMAR SCHOOL CHAPEL. - - I FOUNDATION-STONE CEREMONIES. There was a very large gathering at the Church of England Grammar School yesterday when the foundation-stone of the new chapel was laid by the Countess of Hopetoun. His Excellency the Governor and Lady Hopetoun arrived at half-past 2, and were received at the tower entrance by Dr. Wilson, the head master, the members of the school councilrarid-th'e teaching staff. The weather was mild, but light showers fell before the ceremony was concluded. Amongst those present were the Bishop of Melbourne, Professor Morris, Dr. Leeper, Dr. Bevan, Mr. F. C. Grimwade, M.L.C., Mr. G. H. Jenkins, Mr. F. C. Smith, a number of clergymen, and other gentlemen, Mrs. God, and a very large number of ladies. A brief religious ceremony was conducted by the Bishop of Melbourne. A leaden casket, containing a number of documents and books, and one of each of the current coin of the realm, was closed and placed in a cavity beneath the stone. The foundation stone bore a marble tablet bearing a Latin inscription commemorating the names of Dr. Bromby and Mr. Fyne, late head masters, and stating the circumstances under which the stone was laid. Dr. Wilson, the head master, in presenting Lady Hopetoun with a silver trowel with which to perform the ceremony, said it was six and a half years since he obtained permission from the school council to begin to raise funds for the election of it chapel in connection with the school, which had then been in existence nearly thirty years without one. At that time his hopes were confined to the sum of £2,000,' but since then the proposal had assumed larger dimensions, and the beautiful chapel which was now being erected would cost £5,000. There had been received towards this amount the sum of £5,702, which had been subscribed by the public with the exception of £1,100 received from the school council. There was a balance of £209 required to complete the present contract and an additional £339 to complete the tower and the memorial to Dr. Bromby. He fancied there were many pupils of the late Dr. Bromby' who would not allow the memorial to remain long unfinished. (Hear, hear.) Lady Loch had done much towards the success of the movement, and Lady Hopetoun was now present to demonstrate her. interest in it by laying the foundation-stone. (Cheers. ) Jack) lies nous then laid the stone, saying the following words I lay the foundation stone of the Melbourne Grammar School chapel to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy) Ghost His! Excellency the GovFiiNonsnil he had been asked to say a few words, and he desired to address himself to the boys attending the school His recollections of his life as a schoolboy at Eton were amongst the tenderest of his life and any successes they had afterwards achieved were due to the education and the moral training he had received there he was very glad the Church of England Grammar School was within measurable distance of having a school chapel He was one of those who believed that pra) or offered devoutly) in ones own room or any other place was as acceptable to God as prayer offered in the noblest cathedral But there was a tangible something in going to church, where ones thoughts were more likely to be concentrated upon the worship offered He trusted the chapel about to be erected would be in the future associated with the tenderest feelings of some of the best men of the colony, for even in a democratic community such as ours everyone could play his part in moulding the religious and social feelings (Hear hear ) The Bishop of MnaiouiiNr said he desired to emphasise the fact that it was a fundamental principle that education was in a special st use church work and it had always been held to be so in the Church of ng and it was the custom at home for a clergyman to receive upon his ordination a title to the mastership of a school or the fellowship of a college, which was a sign that the business of the master of a school or the fellow of a college was, if properly carried out, a part of pastoral business-that Teaching had an ethical side as well as an educational one Again, one of the most interesting and important branches of home retical literature was the sermons of such great head mnstersasArnold, simple Words worth, and others Dr Wilson would find in the pulpit of the chapel which was about to be erected one of the greatest influences by which he could work for the highest interests of the boys under his charge He chapel would do a great deal to make the Sunday a much happier and brighter day at the school The head master would have an opportunity of touching on special subjects dealing with ordinary life such as the evils ofgiuiiulinsnnd the importance of purity in life Bishop Wordsworth used to say that in school without chapel was like an angel without wings We had had the angel for the last 16 years, and now it was about to be provided with wings which would enable it to reach greater heights of usefulness than ever before Brief addresses were delivered by Professor Morris and Dr Bell in A vote of thanks was tendered to Lady Hopetoun, on the motion of Mr J 8sm_ton King and the proceedings were closed by the benediction, pronounced by the Bishop of Melbourne I he chapel whiolnsnowincourseoferection had its origin some years ago, a fund having been then commenced to commemorate the decease of the then head master, the late Alexander P) ne, by erecting a chapel to his memory on the school ground During the incipient stage of the accumulation of sUb scriptions towards that object the decease of Dr Bromby occurred (whose name was associated so long with the schools), and led to his name being associated with that of Mr Price Designs were obtained in the year 1888 from Mr A L Johnson Diocesan architect (of the firm of Messrs Smith and Johnson architects of Melbourne), and an English Church architect and Mr Johnson s designs were accepted as coming most within the scope of the committee's means The design was required to be of the character of a school or college chapel, with a floor space capable of providing for SOO sittings The plan of the building consists of nave, transepts, choir, and organ vestry) 'The transepts were adopted with the object of obtaining a large floor space, and to bring the width and height of the nave within as limited a space as practicable, and the transepts, being each divided into two bays, admit of their roofs being kept down to a sufficiently low level as not to interfere with the contempt) of the nave windows and roof, and thus main taming the chapel like character of the building The length of the nave is 52ft, the width 24ft, the transepts 24ft by a depth of 14ft , the chancel 24ft the height from floor to roof plate, top of wall, 32ft There is an arch on the south side of the chancel, opening to the organ v vestry, and an arch and screen between vestry and south transept The roof ridge is continuous over chancel and have without break The church is constructed of bluestone coursed rubble walking with cut bluestone ashlar dressings, the windows and doors on)) being of a turn Ponds freestone The interior is faced throughout with ashlar masonry of Oamaru freestone i lie nave roof is open timbered to the ridge and the chancel has a wood coved panel ceiling The floor is to be the paved through out except the area required for the seating The windows are of cathedral) glass, in lead quarry lights There is a circular bell turret on the north side of the building con- ducting the chancel with the transept and an open arcaded belfry with two bells The choir seats and altar fit ting reading desk lectern and organ and the upper portion of the turret are not included in the present contract and for these funds will have to be raised as the building progresses A handsome stone pulpit, designed especially for the chapel, costing upwards of £100 has been presented by a friend to the church (Mrs Albert Miller) and the committee have hope that notable an example will be followed by others interested in the cause so that the remaining features previously referred to may be supplied the drawings and estimates for which will be duly forthcoming 