TOE NOVELIST. "THE AMERICAN CLAIMANT. BS MABK TWAIN. CHAPTER XI. .During; *Hhe first few days he kept the tact ^diligently before his mind that he was in a land 'where there was " work and bread for -all." In fact, for convenience's sake, he fitted it to a little tune'and hummed it to himself, but as time wore on the foot itself began to take on a doubtful look, and next the tune got fatigued-and presently ran down and stopped. His first effort was to get an upper clerkship i in one-of the departments where his Oxford education would oome into play and do him ? service. . But he stood no ohance whatever. < There, competency was no recommendation; , political backing, without competency, was \- worth six of it. He was glaringly English, and that was necessarily against him in the political centre of a nation where both parties prayed for the Irish cause on the housetops and ? blasphemed it in the cellar. By his dress he was a cowboy; that won him respect when his back was not turned, but it couldn't get a clerk ship for him. But he had said, in a rash : moment, that he would wear those clothes till the owner or the owner's friends caught sight \- of him and asked for that money, and his con . science would not let him retire from that engagement now. . At the end of a week things were beginning ' to wear rather a startling look. He had ' hunted everywhere for work, descending : gradually the soale of quality, until apparently h6 had sued for all the various kinds of work a . man without a special calling might hope to be able to do-except ditching and the other > coarse manual sorts-and had gotneithex work ' nor'tbe promise of it. ' He was mechanically turning over the leaves of his diary meanwhile, and now his eyes fell upon the first record made after he was -burnt out " I myself did not doubt my stamina before, nobody could doubt it now, if they could see . how I am housed, and realize that I feel . absolutely no disgust with these quarters, but am as Berenely content with them as any dog would be in a similar kennel. Terms, twenty, .five dollars a week. I said I would start at the bottom. I have kept my word." A shudder went quaking through him, and he exclaimed "What have I been thinking of? This the bottom! Mooning along a whole week, and these terrific expenses climbing and climbing dll the time 1 I must end this folly straight way." . He settled up at once and went forth to find less sumptuous lodgings. He had to wander to and fro and seek with diligence, but he suc ceeded. They made him pay in advance four dollars and a half: this secured both bed and food for a week. The good-natured, hard worked landlady took him up three fiigiitsof narrow, uncarpeted stairs and delivered him into bis room. There were two double 'bed \- steadB in it, and one single one. He would be allowed to'sleep alone in one of the double beds until some new boarder should come, but he \- wouldn't be charged extra. ' So he would presently be required to -sleep -with some stranger! The thought of it made him«iok. Mrs. Marsh, the landlady, was very ' friendly, and hoped he would like her house they all liked it, she Baid. " And they're a very nice set of boys. They . carry-on a good deal, but that's their fun. You see this room opens right into this back one, and sometimes they're all in one and some < times in the other; and hot nights they all Bleep- on the roof when it don't rain. They \- get out there the minute it is hot enough. The season's--so early that they've already had a night or two up there. If you like t» go up and pick out a plaoe you can. You'll find . chalk in the side of the chimney where there's a brick-wanting, You just take the chalk and \--but, of-course, you'vn done it before." " Oh, no, I haven't." " Why, of oourse you haven't-what am I i thinking- of ? Plenty of room on the plains without chalking, 111 be bound. Well, you just chalk out a place the size of a blanket any where on the tin that ain't already marked off, \- you know, and that's your property. You and .your bedmate take turn about carrying up the . blankets and pillows and fetching them down . again; or one carries them up and the other : fetches, them down-you fix it the way you like, you know. You'll like the boys, they're -everlasting-sooiable-except the printer. He's ithe one that, sleeps in that single bed-the strangest-creature; why, I don't believe ycu could get that man to sleep with another man, -not if the house was afire. Mind you, I'm not just talking-I know. The boys tried him to ?see. iThey took his bed out one night, and so when he got home about three in the <morning-~he .was on a morning paper then, hut he's on an -evening one now-there wasn't :any,place fori hio but with the iron-moulder, ana if you'll believe me, he just set up the rest ?of the night-he did, honest. Thoy say he's .cracked, but it ain't 60, he's English-they're :awful particular. You won't mind my saying ithat. You--you're English 5" "Yes." ";I thought so. I could tell it by the way \you ,mispronounce 4he words that's got a's dn -them, you know,.such as saying lotf when ^ou.niean laff-but .you'll get over that. He's ia.rjgbt down good.feUow, and a little sociable with .the photQgrapheri boy and the caulker, And the blacksmith that work in the navy yai'4, hut not-so much so with the others. The lact is, {though if's private and the other's don't Iknowit; 'hGi a kind of aristocrat, bis father being:a doctor, and .you know what style that is, in lEtqgland, I mean. becauae in this country a doctor ain't so aery muoh, even if he's that but over there of course it's different. So this -chap 'had a falling out with-his father, and was -pretty high strung and just cut for this .country, and the -first he knew he had to get to worftor-starve. Well, hdM been to College, you eee, and «o he -judged Ac was all right did you say anything?" "No s I only sighed." " And thera s where lie was mistaken. Why, he mighty near starved. And I reckon he would have starved sure enough if some jour' printer or other hadn't took pity on him and got him a plaoe as an apprentice. So he learnt the trade, and tiien he was all right-but it was a close call. Once he tiioupht he had got to haul in his pride and holler for his father, and-why, you're sighing again. Is anything the matter with you ?-does my clatter" 1' Oh, dear no. Pray go on-I like it." "Yes, you see he's been over here ten years: he's twenty-eight now, and he ain't pretty well satisfied in his mind, because he can't get reconciled to being a mechanic and associating with mechanics, he being, as he says to me, a gentleman, which is a pretty plain letting on cist the boys ain't; but of oourse, I know <esough not to let that cat out of the bag." "Why, w-would there be any harm in it?" " Harm in it? They'd lick him, wouldn't they? Wouldn't you? Of course you would. Don't you ever let a man say you ain't a gentle man in this country. But laws, what am I thinking about? I reckon a body would think twice before he said a cowboy wasn't a gentle JEftP,." A trim, active, slender and very pretty girl of about eighteen walked into the room notV) in the moet satisfied and unembarrassed Way. She was cheaply but smartly and graiefully dressed, and the mother's quick glanoe at the stranger's face as he rose was of a kind which enquires what effect has been produced, and. expects to find indications of surprise and ad miration. _ "This is my daughter Hattie-we call her Pose. It's the new boarder, Puss." This without rising. The young Englishman made the awkward bow common to his nationality and time of life in circumstances of delicacy and'difficulty, and these words of that sort; for being taken by. surprise, his natural, life-long self sprang to the front, and that self, of ooursej would not know just how to act when introduced to a -chambermaid,-orco the'heiress of a mechanics' boarding-house. Bis other self-the self which recognised thsequalifcyof all men-would have managed the thing better, if it hadn't been caught off guard and -robbed of its chance. The young girl .paid no attention to the bow, but put out her hand frankly and gave the stranger a friendly Bhake and said " How do you do ?" Then she marched to the one washstand in the room, tilted her head this way and that "before the wreck of a cheap mirror that hung over it, dampened her .fingers with her tongue, perfected the circle of a little lock of hair that was pasted against her forehead, then began to busy herself with the slops. " Well, I must be going-it's getting to wards supper time. Make yourself at home, Mr. Tracy; -you'll hoar the bell when it's . ead v." The landlady took 'her tranquil departure without commanding either of the young people to vacate the room. The young man wondered a little that a mother who seemed so honest and 'respectable should be so thought less, and was reaching for his hat, intending to disembarrass the girl of 'his presence; .but fibe said, ; " Where are-.you going?" I " Well, nowhere in particular, but as I am only in the way here" ''Why, who -said you were in the way 1 Sit down-I'll move you when you are in the ' may." She was making the bedj now. He sat down and watched her deft and diligent per formance. " What .gave you that notion ? Do you reckon I need a-whole room just to make un a bed or two in ?" "Well, 'no, it wasn't that exactly. We are away up here in an empty house, «nd your mother being gone" The girl interrupted him with an amused laugh, and said, '' Nobody to, protect me ? Bless you, 1 don't need that. I'm not afraid. I might be if I was alone, because I do hate ghosts, and I 'dont deny it. Not- tbat I believe in them, for a <3on t. I'm only ..just afraid of them. "How can .you be afraid of them if you don t believe in them ?" "Ob, I don't know- the how. of it-that's too tnaay for .me.; .1 only .know it as to. It's the same with MaggieLee." "Who is that?" "One of the boarders-young lady that ?wonks in thefaotoiy." " She wotks in a factory ?" . "Yes. Shoe factory." shoe'Tactory.; and you call her a young '' Why, she's only twenty-two: what should you-call her?" _ "I wasn't thinking of her age. I was think Hjg of the title. The f&ctiSil; oame away from England to get away from artificial forms-for artificial forms suit artificial people only-and here you've got them too. I'm sorry. Ihoped you had only men and womeu; everybody -equal J ao difference in rank." The girl.stqpped with a.pillow in her teeth and the case spread open below it, contem platine him from under her brows with a slightly puzzled expression. She replaced the pillow, and said, ^hy, thc-y all equal. Where's anv -difference in rank ?" "If you call a factory girl a young lady, what do you.eall the President's wife ?" " Call her an old one." . "9,J1' y°u make aR6 the only distinc tion?" "There ain't-any other to make as far as I ran see." "Then .all women.are ladies ?" "Certainly they .are. All the respectable ones. "Well, that .puts a better face on it. Cer tainly there is no .harm in a title which is given to everybody. It i'B only an offence and a wrong when it is restricted .to a favoured few. But Miss er" " Hattie." ?'Mies Hattie, be frank; confess that the title isn t accorded by .everybody to everybody, lie rich American doesn't call her cook a'ladv -isn't that soT' " Yes, it's so. What of it?" He wae surprised and a little disappointed to see that his admirable shot -had produced no perceptible effect. "What of it?" he said. "Whv this equality is not conceded .here after all, and the Americans are no better off -than the English. In fact there is do difference.'" "Now, tehat an idea. There's nothing in a title except what is put into it- you've said that yourself. Suppose .the ttWe is clean in stead of lady. You get that ?" "I believe so. Instead of speaking .of a woman as a lady, you substitute -dean, and say she s a clean person." "That's it. In England the swell folks don t speak of the working people as gentlemen ' and ladies?" I "Oh.no." | "And the working people don't call them selves gentlemen and ladies'/" ! "Certainly not." " So if you used the other word there I wouldn't be any change. The swell people wouldn't call anybody but themselves dean,' and those others would drop sort of meekly into their way of talkine and they wouldn't call themselves clean. We don't do that way here. Everybody calls himself a lady or a gentleman, and thinks he is, and don t care what anybody else thinks him, so long as he don't say it out loud. You think there s no difference. You knuckle down and weaon t. Ain't that a difference?", " It is a difference I hadn't thought of, I admit that. Still, calling one's self a ladv doesn t er"- J "I wouldn't go on if I were you." .H°ward Tracy turned his head to see who it might be that had introduced thiB remark. It was a short man about forty years old, with sandy hair, no beard, and a pleasant face badly freckled, but alive and intelligent, and he wore elop-shop clothing, which was neat, but showed wear. He had come from the front-room beyond the hall, where he had left his hat, and he had a chipped and cracked white washbowl in his band. The girl came and took the bowl. " 111 get it for you. You go right ahead and give it to him, Sir. Barrow. He's the new boarder, Mr. Tracy, and I'd just got to where it was getting too deep for me." "Much obliged if you will, Hattie. I was onung to boiroiv of the boys." Ho sat doivo at bis ease on an-old trunk, and said, " I've been Jiyteuiiiff ond got interested; and as X was easing, I wouldn't go on if I were you. You tee where you are coming to, don't you? Calling yourself a lady doesn't elect you; that ib what you were going to say; and you saw tnat it you said it you were going to.run right HP ag&uiBt; another difference that yon hadn't thoughtof, to wit, whose right ieiit todotheeleet ing ? Uver there twenty thousand people in a mil iion elect-themselves gentlemen andladiee, and the tune, hundred atd eighty thousand aooept tnat cecree and swallow the affront whioh it .puts upon them. Why, if they didn't accept it at wouldn t be an eleotion ; it would be a dead letter and have no force at alL Over here the twenty thousand would-be exdusives come up to the polls and vote themselves to be ladies and gentlemen. But the thing don't Bjopthere. The sine hundred and eighty thou sand come and vote themselves to beladiesand .gentlemen, too, and that elects the whole nation. Since the whole million vote them selves ladies and. gentlemen there is no ques tion about that election. It does make abso lute equality, and there is no fiction about it; while over yonder the inequality (by decree of the infinitely feeble and consent of the infi nitely strong) is also absolute- as real and absolute as our equality." Tracy had shrunk promptly into his English f hell when this speech began, notwithstanding had_oow been in severe training several : weeks for contact and intercourse with the i common hero, on the common herd's terms ; out. he lost no time in pulling himself out again, and so by the time the speech was finished his valves were open once more, and , ne was forcing himself to accept without resent j ment the common herd's frank fashion of drop ping sociably into other people's conversations unembarrassed and uninvited. The process was not very difficult this time, for the man's | eiDue ana voice and manner were persuasive and winning. Traoy would even have liked him on the spot but for the fact-fact whioh he was not really aware of-that the equality of men was not a reality to him, it was only a theory; the mind perceived, but the man failed to feel it. It was Hattie's ghost over again, merely turned round. Theoretically Barrow was his equal, but it was distinctly distaste ..<¥ lee sxhibit it. He presently said, I hope in all sincerity that what you [ have said is true as regards the Americans, for doubtB have crept into my mind several I JT®8, f . seemed that the equality must be 'ungenuine where the sign names of castes were still in vogue; but those sign names have certainly lost their offence and are wholly neutralised, nullified and harmless if they are the undisputed property of every in dividual in the nation. I think I realize that I caste does not exist and cannot exist except by common consent fof the masses outside of its limits. I thought oaste created itself and per petuated itself j ,but it seems quite true that it J only creates itself and is perpetuated by the | people whom it despises, and who can dissolve it at any time by assuming its mere sign-names : themselves. | 41 It's, what I think* There isn't any power [?on earth that can prevent England's thirty | millions from electing themselves Dukes and Duchesses .tomorrow, and calling themselves I so. And .within six .months all the former | JJukes and Duohesses would have retired from the business. I wish they'd try that. Royalty itself couldn't survive euoh a process. A hand ful of frowners against thirty million laughers in a, state of eruption. Why, it's Herculaneum against Vesuvius; it would take another eighteen oenturies to find that Herculaneum after the cataclysm. What's a oolonel in our south * He s a nobody; because they are all colonels down there. No, Tracy (shudder from Tracy), nobody in England would oall you a gentleman,-and you wouldn't call yourself one and I tell you it's a state of things that a man put himself into most unbecoming atti-' tudes sometimes-the broad and general recog nition and acceptance of caste as oaste does, I £>ean. Makes him do it unconsciously-being bred m him, you Bee, and never thought over reasoned <oufc. You couldn't conceive of the Matterhorn being flattered by the notice ofoneof your comely little English hills, could I yOu ? "Why, no." " Weli, then^let a man in his right mind try to conceive of Darwin feeling flattered by the notice of a Princess. It's so grotesque that it -well, it paralyses the imagination. Yet that Memnon was flattered by the notice of that statuette; he says so himself. The svstem that can .make a god disown his godship and profane it-oh, well, it's all wrong, it s all | wrong and ought to be abolished, I should i say. The mention of Darwin brought on a literary discussion, and this topic roused such enthusiasm m Barrow that he took off his coat a?i himself the more free and comfort able .for it, and detained him so long that he was still at it when the noisy proprietors of the room came shouting and skylarking in, and began to romp, souffle, wash, and otherwise entertain themselves. He lingered yet a little longer to offer the hospitalities of his room and I his bookshelf to Tracy, and ask him a personal I -question or two " What is your trade ?" "They-well, they call me a cowboy, but that is a fancy; I am not that. I haven't anv trade." * " What do you work at for your living?" i "9!1. anything-I mean I would work at .anything I could get to do, but thuB far I I haven t been able to find an occupation.'" " Maybe I can help you; I'd like to try."' " I shall be very glad. I've tried myself, to 'weariness.' "Well, of course where a man hasn't a Tegular trade lie's pretty bad off in this ! world. What you need, I reckon, was less foook learning and more bread- and-butter learning. I don t know what your father oould have been thinking of. You ought to have had a trade-you ought to have had a trade by all means. But never mind about that; we'll stir up something to do, I guess. And don't ; that's a bad business. I-IS il ,,, thwg Over and look around a t.m You II come out all right. Wait for me -1II go down to supper with yon/' By this time Tracy had achieved a verv friendly feeling for Barrow, and would have called him a friend, maybe, if not taken too suddenly on a straight-out requirement to realise on his theories. He was glad of his societv anyway, and was feeling lighter-hearted tnan before. Also, he was pretty curious to know what vocation it miglit be which fur nished Barrow suoh a large acquaintanceship with books, and allowed him eo much time to read. 