THE PONT WAS DANCE. A3T INDIAN DRAMA ON THE PLAINS— WILD RIDING AN D SPIRITED ACTING. proiiiar IlAiPH, Cf " habpzk's.") The sun blazed down on the great camp that afternoon and glorified the place so that it looked like a miniature Switzerland of snowy peaks. But it was hot, and blankets were stretched from the tent tops, and the women eat under them to catch the air and escape the heat. The salaried native policeman of the reserve, wear* ing a white stovepipe hat with feathers, and a ridiculous blue coat, and heaven knows what other absurdities, rode around, boasting of deeds he never performed, while a white cur made him all the more ridiculous by chasing him and yelping at his horse's tail. And then came the grand spectacle. The vsst ptein was forgotten, and the great campus wit inn the circle of tents was transformed into a theatre. The scene was a setting of white and red tents that threw their clear-cut outlines against a matchless blue sky. audience was composed of four wl _ u te _ men . and , the . Indian boys, who ^ fling about by the startled horses holding for us. pe players wer gorgeous cavalry men of nature orclin ^fore ^ » oma o S M men and children, ^?® m6e ,lj ea P !ume 4. fK unheard of tropicil S ' ^e otters <nspUymgthe minor eplen- 4 our ta'^oscope. The play was "The I)! m or «: «? e departure for B a ™ £ - Jh® «w*mg wm fierce-not like the conduct of a mimic batUe on our stage, but performed with tha desperate Katof men who h ?P e fordistinchonm war and may not faille ? bo »*; ;t - U badthe eamestaessof a dial- '^ed ? an ™ ta® s the foils with a tutor, ^pressive, inspiring, at times wildly .. 1 here were three-score young men in the brilliant cavalcade. They rode horses that were as wild as themselves. Their evolutions were rude, but magnificent Now they dash past us in single file, and next they come helter skelter, like cattle atampeding. For a while they rode around and arennd, as on a racecourse, but at times they deserted tbe inclosure, parted into small bands, and were hidden behind the curtains of their own dust, presently to re-appear with a mad rush, yelling l<ke maniacs, firing their pieces, and brandishing their aims and their finery wildly on high. The orchestra was composed of seven tomtoms that had been dried taut before a camp fire. The old men and the chiefs eat in a semi-circle behind the drummers on the ground. All the tribal heirlooms were in ihe display. .. - . . the cherished gewgaws, trinkets, arms, apparel 1 J: and finery they had saved- from the fate of which they will not admit tfaey are themselves the victims. X never eaw an old-time picture of a type of savage red man or of an extravaganoeof their costuming that was not revived in this spectacle. It was as if the plates in my old school books and novels and tales of adventure were all -nin^fe^ and passing before me. The traditional Indian with the eagle plumes from crown to heels was there; so was he with the buffalo horns growing out of bis skull; so were the idyllic braves in buckskin tanged at every point The i & bodies of men, bare, naked, and frescoed like a Bowery barroom mrwnnH^'tigjnw^yflpi those who wore masses of splendid embroidery with coloured beads. But there were as many peculiar costumes which I never- had seen pictured. And not any two men or any two horses were alike. As barber- poles are covered with paint, so were many of these choice steeds of the nation. Same were spotted all over with daubs of white, and some with every colour obtainable. Some were branded 50 times with tbe white band, tbe symbol of peace, but others bore tbe red band and the white hand in alternate prints. There were horses painted with the " torses and of serpents and of foxes. „,„«, saddles were affixed coloured blankets or cloths that fell udou the ground or lashed the ait according as the hone cantered or raced. One horse was bung all around with great soft woolly taflj^of some white Sleighbells were upon several. Only ; half a dozen men wore hats—mainly cowboy bats decked with feathers. Many ramed rifles, which they used with one hand. Others brought out bows and arrows, lances decked with feathers or ribbons, poles hung with coloured cloths, great shields brilliantly painted and fringed. Every visible indi of each warnor wes painted, the naked ones being ringed, streaked and striped from bead, to foot. I would have to catalogue the possessions of the whole nation to tell all that they wore between tbe brass rings in their hair and the cartridge belts at their waists, and thus down to their beautiful moccasins. Two strange features further distinguished their pageant One was the appearance or two negro minstrels upon one basse. Both bad blackened their, faces and hands, both wore old stovepipe bats and queer, long-tailed white men's coats. One wore a huge, false, white moustache, and the other earned a coal-scuttle. The women and children roared with laughter at tbe eight He two comedians got down from thear horses and began to make grimacee, and to pose way and that very comically. Snch a performsaw bad never been Been on the -reserve before. No one there could explain where the men bad Men negro minstrels. The other unexpected feature required time for development At first we noticed that two bifite Indian.boys kept getting in the way of the riders. As we were not able to find any fixed place of safety from the excited horsemen we marveled that these children were permitted to risk their necks. Suddenly a hideously painted, naked man on horseback chased the UttJe boys, leaving the cavalcade and circling •round the children. Be rode back into the ranks, and stall ttey loitered in the way. Tien around swept the horseman once more, and this time the Hated rider flung himseJf from his horae, and seizing one boy and then Ike other, bore each to the ground and made "L w ? n I < I br ® in them with his hatchet and lift their scalps with bis knife. He sight was one to paralyse an onlooker. But itwas nly a theatrical performance arranged for the occasion^ The^ man was acting over again the proudest of his aohieraments. The boys lapd the parte of two white men whose caJpe now grace bis -tepee and gladden bis emory. »• , For 90 minutes we watched the glorious ing, the Bplendid horses, the brilliant trapwea, and tbe paroxysmal fervour of the exted Indians, The earth trembled beneath he dashmg of the riders; tbe ait palniatod with the noise of their- warNxies and bells. Weoould have stood tbe day out, but we knew the. players were tired, and vet would not cease unta we withdrew. Therefore we came away. We bad enjoyed a never-to-be-forgotten privilege. It was ai if we had eecn the ghosts of a dead people ride back to parody scenes in ea rn Oat bad -vanished. It was like the rising of the coitain; in response'to an encore, upon a drama that las been played. It was as if Utesndden-up-flaahingof asmoutderiiurfire ll^it^i -onca again and fbr an instant the soeue it had ceased to aiumine. - .- 1 