A FBIMBLY SERVICE. Vtotn Ida Sbvmoub to Grace Russell. Villa Bollina, Nice, let June. : /1JRA€E, my dearest, dearest friend, I am ?P half wild. To you only can I reveal '? my sorrow, my fiii ..;ul one. My miwrv h complete. A criml and unexpected 1 i :w haa {alien on mo. Listen i You know that I have beeJD staying hero Cor the pa it week I with motber. the doctors haviiicr ordered her jg Sauttbaas a day's notice. I could not find it * n my taesrt'to ask my Husband to accom pany us, just aa tho London Season had comaienccd, and it ia iinpousiblo to rojoin him before -sho ond of tho month. Yeitardoy the English post brought me— j»iwss whae I An anonymous letter, written in an unknown, and manifestly disguised band, informing ma that my husband is earring on an intrigue with Mrs. St. George — that tall, stout woman with reddish hair, and a deservedly bad reputation. You must know her : one meets her everywhere. I am jealous, you well know, but 1 believe this person to bo dangerous. Somehow, all tho men admire iier, but I think her absolutely horrible. I am iuformed that «h« was very intimate with George before-our murriueo, aud that now the intimacy is resumed. What to do 1 know not, but I foel persuaded that you will advieo mo wisely and well. You are so clerer. Atthiatimo all London is about, and ona meete everyone. Yx-u are certain to see him and pophaps her also. Watch, i observe, and fceU mo what you see. My I dearest Greoe, remember your friend is ' tortured with cruel doirbtE, which she desires to. dispel, that uncertainty is killing her, «od tost aho prefers the trufti at all cost, bitter though it may be. Reply at onoe— watch closely. Think of me, dearest Grace-; for you, my mother, and my child ore all I bavo in the world to love.— Yours tj ? stuicte'd by tho Executors ck'ttfo l^XrT tirdne William Wickhatu, to sell by public auction, ToJwoSy ' UNDER EXCHANGE VERANDAH, ^g^ony Q.vnalous This Day. This Day. Domai,^ Station..!-™ ?- SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29. Racecm-llOw . „ m gato^Tftr-ssell at 11.30 a.m. fa TOWIem. All that CONVENIENT and VALUABLE f J*!f ''t'you PROPERTY, situate South Side of £° **™'£n- Mary River, and known aa the n- to |ays RETREAT HOTEL, *3:B _... ...J ?Wft'V--rtest ? - * -? ? \\. ToKetuw;i&:to destroy it, and think no more of it. Yoc have a husband who loves you, of this I have no doubt. You are a happy woman to bo so loved. Yoor husband is wealthy ; and generous — you bare a lovely child ; in facA you possess everything a woman could desire. Bub you-are jealous. Do nob loeeive yourself. Even admitting that there is some truth ? in the letter, is it noS better that you should doeo your eyes to it ? 1 can see you jump off yoor chairas-yon read these words. My dear, I have had mors experience of the ? ' world than you. Notwithstanding the fact that I had little depth of affection for my late husband, I ?offered in feeling that I was deceived. It wounded my amour propre. What can we poor women do in such a case ? Hold our tongues, that is all. You complain that Mrs. St. George is dangerous, and that her repu tation is faulty. Well, so much tb« better, for I am persuaded that your husband is pure at heart, and if he have any stupid fancy (or this woman, it is only a passing one. Now surely you see clearly there is no serious cause for anxiety. As to myself, it is hardly necessary to assure you that them is nothing I would not do for you ; and if you insist, although it is repugnant to me to pl»y the part of a spy, I will do what you wish. But you will not insist, I feel cer tain.— Your old and sensible friend, Gsace. Ida Seymour to Grace Russell. Nice, 8th June. Certainly I insist, and that notwithstand ing your advice. Be frank with me at once ; and if I aBk too much in expecting this service from you, I must bd released from this state of uncer tainty. I must know all. I believed that I could havo counted on you, as you could on. me in a similar circumstance. To me it appears that true friendship has no scruples, »nd never hesitates to render a service to a loved one. But perhaps I am wrong : your reply will . prove this.— With fondest love, Ida. From Grace Rdssblt. to Ida Seymoub. London, 12th June. Your letter wounded me deeply, Ida. You believed that my friendship faltered, when it was my reason which l-eaitatcd. 3ut, since you persist, notwithstanding all I have said to dissuade you, and since you question my affection for you, I no longer hesitate. You caw count on me — I have sharp eyes, and will do all that is possible to tind out whether your fears have any foundation. Now wo understand one another. I thought of you only ; and if anything disagreeable happens, you will have no right to reproach D13. Come what may. believa always in tho friendship and affection of your faithful and devoted friend, Grace. P.S.-On Thursday night Mrs. Leslie recoives. Your husband is pretty certain to bo there, and perhaps thelady also. I know iho noes there freauentlv. I shall he, Uiri. Iea Skyhook to Gracs Russell, Niae, 13th .lime. Thanks — my darling Grace, thanks. Pardon mo. I was, indeed, hasty »nd unjust; bat I was suffering horribly.' You are so good — so affectionate — I am sure- you will forgive me. What I have gone through during the past few dnys ! Yes, you aro right ; I am jealous. For a long time past I believed myself safe from any violent sentiment j and then, besides, a jealous person is always ridiculous. At this moment you most be about to atart for Mrs. Leslie's as .you pro tniaed. Dear friend ! Now that you have consented to do what I wish, I feel almost ?shamed of my request. But, be assured, whatever comes, and no matter what ycu may communicate to me I shall not be angry with you. To do so would be nothing more or less than infamous. No; we chall be faster friends than ever. -23t Half-past ten. Now, you must b« at $j Mrs. Leclie's, surely ! What will you dis V; cover? Merciful powers, how I tremble I ':? 'I'tnks, again ant! again, my darling Grace. ? ??? —Your true friend, iDA, [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— The person not at Uslja's last night. Georpe alone. Spoke ko him. Tried to get something from him. Impenetrable. Hope nethiug true. Lave.— Giuck. [TeUgram.] To Grace Russell.— Thanks for message. Sontimn your observations. Send new* 'by telegram. More rapid. Write only to give particulars. Fondest love. — Ida. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.- 's-'-'-t new. To-day »k private view Win... ? ?-. Saw hor. George not there. Going n,,^ ijinorrow. — Grace. [Telegram.] To Ida Sbymouk.— At Academy. Saw cieorge, but not the person.— Guauk. [Telegram.] To Ida Skymour,— Garden party at Rich ??/-? mond. Saw George and the person together. Letter follow.?. —Grace. Grace Kjsseu, to Ida Setmodu. London, 17th Juno. Only two words to confirm and explain the telegram I sent you ten minutes ajo. Yes, I have seen Gcorgo and Mrs. St. Gaorg* together. Very handsoiM she looked, too, notwithstanding her 40 years. Your husband did not appear until rather late, and the moment he saw her ha joined her. He remained at her side until the party broks up. I never lost sight of that bonnet with tho yellow ostrich tips for a moment. I really believe there is uoiMng serious between them. At alreveuts, werol in your place, this prolonged conversation in public would reassure me. When there is anything between two persona 'they do not speak much before others. I will continue myobserva tions. — AD- my love, aud, believ.ou'iae, ever yours, GfcACB. [m SvfMnim ho GnAOE RussftLi.. Nice, 20ih June. Do not be discouraged, my dearest, dearest Grace. I do not bslievo bile meeting at Richmond wna accidental. Geortje has alwnys objected to accompany mt to garden parties — said they bored him ' ineffably. Cjmtinuo your mission courage ously, and tell me all— even though it 1 should break ray heart, I must know all. i Oh, tbat,pdious woman St. George ! How I ! hato her ! And my husband— well, if my | doubt* are justified, I shall hate him also., »nd I will never, never pardon him. — I send you fondest love. Ida. [Telegram.] To Ida Seymour.— Mot both at private view British Artists. Have bad news. Don't be too anxious. Nothing positive, nothing really serious, only certain symptoms. Letter follows ? Grace. Grace Russell to Ida Seymour. London, 24th June. My poor darling Ida, I have jusb returned from the private view of British Artists. Tho exhibition is a remarkable one this year, and I was lostiu admiration of a lovely | study of ahead, when your husband, accom panied by the lady in question, passed in front of me obstructing my mew ;jht- looking as elegant as usual, she simply dressed and wearing a yellow bpiipotr How the woman adores yellow,! -' 'The moment your husband saw me.heOeft her and came to spnak to me. ,He was most gracious, and nut in the least put out. He gave me news of you, and complained of the scarcity of your letters, and told me that in his next he woujd tell you ho had seen me. It was comical, and I could have laughed had I not thought of your present state af anxiety. Meanwhile, the lady pretended to be inter ested in the pictures, Two or three timos, however, she glanced furtively at me. George said good-bye, and off they went together. I seated myself, and watched them as they passed round the room ; but at length, fearing I might arouse suspicion,' I thought it prudent to go, but wished above all things te see their parting. There is so much in the way people greet one another and say farewell, especially the latter. I left the place, and turned into a hall door in Suffolk-street, next to tha GalUrv. Ritrlit in front of me stood a brougham, which, from the somewhat untidy appear ance of the servants, I judged to belong to Mrs. St. George. I had not long to wait They both came out, your husband accompanying the lady to her carriage. The footman opened the door, clotted it, and moved away. Up to this point, you see, there was noth ing to find fault with. But whilst the foot man went behind the carriage to get to his place on the box, Mrs. St. George said a few words rapidly : 'To-morrow night Lyceum — Box A.' At the same instant the coachman whipped up the horses and drove away. ' Your husband looked after it for a second or so, lighted a cigarette, and went off in the direction of Piccadilly; and I drove to my dressmaker in Bond-strset. Here, my darling Ida, is what happened. I assure yon it grieves me intensely to tell you all thin, but 1 must remind you tlrat you wished it. This is now the critical moment j you still have time to reflect. Will you stop here, or do you wish me to go to the Lyceum on Thursday? Reply by talegram as soon as you receive thi?, and I will obey.— With fond love, ever your [Telegram.] To GracrRusseli,.— Go to Lyceum. If you do not, I will never forgive you, — Ida. Ghace Russkll to Ida Seymour. London, 26th June, 3 o'clock a.m, Courage, Ida dearest ; I, am obliged to do that which is cruel. I was at the Lyceum to-night, as you wished, in the back of a box facing Box A. I I arrived as the curtain rose ; and just as , the ghost of Fabian appeared to his brother, Mrs. George entered the box, followed by your husband. She seated herself at the front, shading ' herself with an enormous fan. He seated himself behmd her. There was no one else in the box. The play over they rose to go. I lost them in the crowd, of course ; but I was not to be beaten, so I popped into 8 i hanBom and drove to her house, just to sea if he would accompany her home. To my | great relief she was alone j and I was just about to give orders to the driver to take me home, when another hansom stopped at her door, and from it George emerged, and entered that fatal house. Hoping he would come out every moment, I remained on tht watch until two this morning ; but when I left he was still there, Now, I have accomplished the mission which you entrusted to me faithfully. It has turned out badly, but I do not complain | if I have given you a, new proof of the deep affection I have for you. Grace. Ida Seymour, to Grace Russkll. Nice, 30th June. Thanks, my dearest ; oh, thanks! You have indeed proved your friendship. I will never forgive him — a man whom I adored — i whom I married in opposition to the wishes ! of all my relations ; to whom I gave my ' whole life. . . The horrible wretch ! I ' telegraphed to him tocoino to Nice instantly, I without saying why. When he arrives I will toll him all (without compromising you, ' however, my dearest Grace). I will flin«- my j reproac'-.es in his face. Whatever may bo his reply, I have decided on my course. There can never again be anything in , common between this man and me. It the j law be insufficient te protect me, I know how to cepiirat* myself for ever from such ' an hateful being. As for you, my darling friend, I never can be sufficiently grateful. You are the bost, the moat noble of women. Weep for ma, and love me as I love you. Ida. Grace Russell te Ida Sevnouk. London, 11th August. For eight day*, dearest, not a line from you. I am most anxious. What has happened ? Your husband left suddenly for Nice they informed me at your house when I called to-day to make inquiries. 'Sum- moned by a telegram,' they said. Yours of course. How did the painful scene end? What is your decision? How are you? Send me a telegram or letter immediately. I picture you ill and heartbroken, unable to write. Send me a line, one line for Heaven'* sake do relieve my mind ? With moab affec tionate wishes, always your Grace. Ida Seymour to Graob Russell. Nice, 18th August. My Wear Grace,— Your letter crossed one from mo— that ia to say, one I was about to write to you ; but I have been so occupied with a thousand and one things that I really have not had time to write eoonar. Thank you for your solicitude for mo and my health. It is, however, quite unneces sary, for all my troubles ha»« disappeared. Does thisamaze you ? Strange things happen in life, my dear, and suspicions, which eften seem serious, are frequently unfounded. To adopt your pleasing expression, the 'scene' bebiveon Georee nud me took place immediately on his arrival but it finished very differently to the way in which I, and more particularly you, imagined. My hus band proved to me, clear as daylight, that there whs nothing, absolutely nothing. between him unri Mrs, St. Georgo. He cer tainly had nn appointment with her at the British Artists and at the theatre. You were perfectly correct, butatthe latter place there was a third, person in the box. You did not, .see that. Ho also went to her house ' aftor the theatre, but he C!d net stay as long as you im;i;;ined, for half an hour after you saw him enter, ho left by tho \- door leadi»-; iron tb« billi*jc-i-««ua «itt- oi the back of the V.w.ro. Why those repeated appointments, you will ask ?' The reason is simple. It was a .projected inarriitge between an acquaintance of my husband and Mrs. St. Georpe. Some hitch concern ing settlements had occurred, and Mrs. St' George wished to havo tho advice of an old friond. By-the:by, she is not at all aa bad as nlie is reported to be by scandalmongers, and no intimacy ever existed in the ' past between her and George, aB I stupidly j behoved. George was induced to act as: intermediary between the. lawyers, and to look to Mrs. St. George's, interests, I and he made an appointment with her that night at the Lyceum as she wished him to speak to V third person, and to announce to him the fact that the match was broken off. Of course this wus no fault of his. All this explains itsulf,dnd the terrible 'scent' finished in the bast possible way. ; George scolded me a little for my insensate suspicions, but has pardoned me so ' generously, so tenderly, that all my former ' contented stute of mind is restored. ? I As to the anonymous letter, he believes ' that it was written by a discharged servant of Mrs. St. George. i Now permit me to speak frankly concern- ? ing your action in this matter. You should net have allowed me to go so far in this ridiculous campaign. You will reply that you tried to prevent me ; I admit .this, but did yon do so with a necessary force of persuasion ? In short, did you not feel a certain pleasure— perhaps unconsciously — w seo a ciouu paRS over our felicity, of which you were always a J little jealous. ^Bufc I bear you no ill-feeling. You were unhftppy in your own marriage, I and, perhaps, felt a certain bitterness. But had you^Bcen the true friond I believed you ,to- h«, you would have overcome this unworthy feeling, and, ut any cost, have refused energetically to play the humiliating part which I, when almost out of my senses, begged of you to accept. Yes, you should have refused ; that is what a true friend would have done, and you did not do it. It appears to me that you took a certain pleasure in following the two poor things, and that in your love of the romantic ' you desired to find them guilty. ? I must stop, for I might say too much if I continued. Ida. [Extract Jrom tht Private Journal of Gbaci Russell.] To-day I received a most detestable and unjustifiable letter from Ida Seymour. Behold me now at variance with her for ever ; and I worked for her so con scientiously and so loyally. I, who played a part which was most repugnant to me only to please her. I should have remembered the old Italian proverb, ' Fro. moglie e marilo non nullere U dilo. [Extract from the Private Journal o/Ida Seymour.] Has George told me the truth concerning the projected marriage of a certain lady? Be that as it may, I did right to believe it. Well, when he is by my side, speaking to me with that soft, rich voice of his, looking at me with those eyes I so dearly love, all my anger dies, and I am all his. As to Grace— I have, in reality, nothing to reproach her with. Nevertheless, I wrote her such a letter ! It was her own fault ; she should never have believed that George was unfaithful to me.— Vanity Fair. A TRUTH DEMONSTRATED. I hold it to be a truth constantly self evident that every man will defend a woman against all men but himself. Clap your eyes on a pretty woman without male escort, and two phenomena will become obvious. Firstly, there will be a large amount of open and covert staring at her, to all of which her ob)iviousne.«s ie, of course, only assumed, Secondly, if one of the starers happens to realise that others bis at the same game, he will manifest plainly his disgust at such treat ment of unprotected beauty, utterly ignor ing his own offence. A husband and wife got into a street car. The man was some what dandified in dress. The woman was under 20, and as pretty as natuw and art are in the habit of combining to produce. They were chatting on the very subject that I have here introduced. ' Percival, dear,' said she, ' I will prove to you that I am right, and take only ten minutes to do it, if you'll promise not to get angry about it.' He closed the contract. Then she drew herself up, as though tile husband sitting beside hor was an entire stranger, and waited for the car to fill with passengers. ' Now,' she whispered behind her fan, ' observe how I am ogled when alone.' Within five minutes he saw that halfa dozen masculine. passengers, from hoary age to callow youth, eyed his bride with more or less audacity, and several manifestly would not have needed the smallest beginning of a wink on her part to seize upon her then and there. That part of the exhibition was a triumph for the wife, but the most curioun feature of her expariment remained to be tried. ' You certainly do seem to attract a good deal ef admiration,' said the husband, sup posing that the pretended Btrangeness was at an end, She lifted her eyes in simulated surprise, as though an impertinent feWow had unwar rantably accosted her, and pointedly turned liar face away from him. He understood her now, and did not speak to her further. Next, she drew her shoulder away from contact with his. By this time the spec tators were believing that he was annoying her dreadfully, and scornful glances were aimed at him. A man arose from the oppo site side. 'Will you exchange seats with me?' he very gallantly and politely said, lifting his hat most deferentially. Now, he had been formost among the original oglers— the veriest simpleton of them all. ' Thank you, sir,' she answered, ?? but 1 prefer to sit beside my husband.' Thus with the same stone she killed that vulture bird and the dove mate whom she had undertaken to instruct as to the philosophy ot male gallantry. ALL GONE. Ho talked about divinity, and pondered on infinity, And spoke of base humanity as animalculsi, Ho studied up astronomy, the science of autonomy, And wondered if insanity was common to the flea. He plunged into zootomy and wandered through phlebotomy, And read for weekson history from Adam down to date. He lectured on theogony, and dwelt upon cosmogony, And sounded deep the mystery attending human fate. He showed extremo anxiety foe late and early piety, And spoke with great felicity of higher states than this. He lectured quite dramatically to show how systematically The force of electricity was centred in a kiss. But while with such intensity he spouted on immensity, His wile with sweet devexite was cutting quite a dash ; And with such ingenuity she monkeyed his annuity, He'd .found to his perplexity ehe' dressed away his cash. 'Tho man I. wed mustbehanrloome, brave and noble', he must liaveno bad'habits, and must love. me devotedly.' ' ' B«t, myidear, that is impossible, you know, quite impossible.' 'Why?' ' There is only one such man in all tho . wide wodd, andne is -going to marry mo.', i 