A Whale's Gratitude. [ -I ÄE YANKEE SKIPPER'S TARN, ' " The venerable Yankee skipper set down his glass, having drained it of a good three-finger ; go of " ol' Med 'n'm'lasses," tho dull hued tipple putting a brighter light in the did salt's eye, showing con- clusively that it had reached the right spot in the interior of his weather beaten, but still solid, frame. 'Bout that air sparm whale sperience o' mine, eh? Wal» it mont's well be that's anything, I s'pose. 'Member I told ye it wer down in the South seas, when I wer runnin' the clipper schooner Shootin' Star fur the benefit "a*" the " lon-pig" eaters an' other dusky cit'.zens o' -the Bunny ilea down ther', an' inc'denfally tho*profit o' the Star's owners,'o' which I wer one. i Now, inebbe ye don't b'leeve that ' brute critters has foelin's * an' enioshcMS like human critters. Mebbe ye, don't b'leeve 'em eic ul to thankfulness an' gratitood an' sech good p'ints., I d.O., Yes,, sir, I h'leeve' that critters o' earth, air, arid sea, other'n; humans,-bás feèlin's an? emo'sberis. 'Course! I don't count" in Trattlesnakesv:,an'"tigers,; buzzards " an' hen;';.hdwkp, ; or sharks an'l devil fishes,.but t dp^ count rin bosses an'i dogs au' fcurkle duvs; and why'ribt wnales,! groat big'blubberhi' critters that _ wouldn't; hurt no one, 'less tackled fust, an' hot allua then ? That one:on 'em showed gratitude,: I'll satisfj- ye, an' if one, why not many ? : The Shootin' Star had be'n shootin' 'long thro' the South Pacific on the ragged edge of a "rip-snortin' tornado fur two days,; bein' then dr'oppe-i into the flattest ca'm ye ever seen, for three days.., .'Bout noon o' the third day o' that ca'rri, I were roused búíén a grateful snooze, by -my boy Sam, then on bis maiden v'yago to sea, who cried out in his .sum'at ha'sh v.'ice-r ha'sh when excited : * Geewhiz tb geewhillikiris ! ? Gosh to goos'br'is, pop, but here be the goldurndest free fight yo ever seen, an' front sèats fur the hull on us! Tumble up, pop J The sarkis ar' right on\ the port beam, 'thin harf a cable's length, ari' Hannible ar' slottering Sezai', ye'd think by the blood Lon the battle-field ll1 Tho latter part o' his remarks showed-that the lad hadn't let his ,'riginal gen'us thrive at the expense 'o his ; grasp on hist'ry, j * / : . >/ : Wal, waked wide up an' cur'us to know '?Whö wer hayiñ' 'tEis\f ree fight-I'd o ugh'téi ,-tho't, but didn't-J ^tumbled up on deel; (ari' seen/whb-.were^ an? who ,wei ' Sezar, the f hst ;b.ein'. a éawfîsh 'n thrasher, an' the second a sparm/whale. Laud'a sake I but what a- fight that wer ! It rippled the ocean 'fur miles around, and clus to us, lashed it'into great foam-capped waves, the foam bein' blood red, however \--evidently Sezar wur bleedin' fur his country ari'dyin'on a large Beale. You landsmen that never seen a sawfish thrasher-'n-whale scrimmage have missed a sight, depend on't. It's not on'y excitin'. an' thrillin', but ye get all worked up,in favor o' the big feller, a great big hulkin' good-natur'd 'critter gin'relly, 'thout no. 'riginal cussedness into him, an' who most allus gits the worst o' the fight-allus, I goss, if the sawfish don't happen to break his weppin' o' onsl'ot-tho' big enuff to swaller both o' his antagonists, if. his throat wer hilt that way; The sawfish an' thrasher ar' on'y sharks by other names an' variashens, an' jest as cussed, the fust bein' so called .'cos he carries a sawtooth weppin' straight out afore him;,, an' the second sol called 'cos he. lays aboard an' knocks' the ' Btuffin' outen whales while the other is doin' the j abbin' and sawin' biz. '; i The fight hadn't prob'ly ^ .long when the -waylaid whale an* would-be, i'sassins buet buten . the sea an' Sam called ?me-it wer prob'ly the whale's fust come up fur air an' to blow arter the onsl'ot-but it wer a promisin' one when I come on deck, young as it wer. Sakes alive ! such dashin' an' splashin' rollin' ad' tumblin', dartin' an' dodgin', rushin' an' thumping leapin' an' stabbin', ragin'" an' bleedin', I never dreamed on. Truly, it looked as my .boy Sam said, as tho' Hannible had took a contract to Blotter Cezar, with.every" proB peck of success. Waal, sir, the fight pro- gressed every minit a' gained in violence an' savagery,. I tell ye, sir, it wer su thin' awful tb see that whoppin^Bawfish-they wer all whoppers of their kinds lush like a rockit at the levi- athan o' the deep j; an' jab his saw edged weppin' into him up to the handle, an' then spin round like a top, incroasin' penfold the- poor victim's agony, prob'ly, an' showin* his own infarnel cussedness by Bo doin'. Yes, it wer awful, eir, an' when the big feller hollered like a bull carf an' shed/tears big's Bartlett pears,,asthe .blQ.wed- off his life, blood, .which ; wer -run niii*- too^-fm a score o' stab wounds, I tell, ye, sir, it made a man o' tender feelin's weep an' iSend out all his 'art's sj'inpathy.to the under dog in the fight, an' wish he wer the champion sawfish hisself fur the moment," soJ&' tiT knock out the other feller an' saw into kindlin' wood his pal, the thrasher, whose tremenjus whacks on the whale's body sounded in that dead ca'm like short, sharp, thunder.claps ! ,1 .-toll'-ye, sir, I ain't a bit ashamed-tc own up that I weeped for that poor, unfor tunit purveyor of ile to the human race. To see that bloodthirsty wretch of a saw- fish jab an' cut an' come agin, to see an', hear them tremenjus whacks o' the thrasher's tail right on the blubber spot o'- the whalo's heart, which shook the critter fm stem to starn, an' to see the poor devil of a victim roll art? rush an' dive to escape his tormentors, then, on comin' up for air; to be tackled - agin, savager 'n ever, tho blood spurtin'-f'm his blow hole and gushin'-f?m ;his many* stab wounds, while he hollered in agony an' weeped hari gallon tears o''anguish,would ha' softened the heart of a wooden injun, sir. ? An' it did'mine, I acknowledge. /' Wal, tlie minite rolled on and the com- bat deepened, an' BO did the color o' the Bea round about the fighters. . Tho' ther' were three on 'em, ye couldn't call it a three cornered duel, like ray ol' friend -Cap'n Manyat rit of, fur ther wer two agin one, an' them two no better 'n downright mur- derers, not a bit, sir, when two sech things o' the sea- tackle a denizen that wasn't hilt for bluster, b'li gerence an' blood, 'but for peace- ful purposes only, with. nocturnal illoo minashen in perspecktiv. It were kinder singooler.:,that, tho' they fit 'n splashed over a good deal o' ground, as it wer, the whale, allays fetched back "to'bout the spot wherwe fust seen 'em,' as tho'the poor vic- tim o''the thugs'wanted our sympathy i he lookin' tearfully over at us ev'ry now an' then 'an wishin', no - doubt, we could suc- cor him. .. . . Fin'ly ther,wer a savager rush'n ever on the part o' the sawbearër,a wickeder thrust' uv his cruel-wéppin into-- the vitéis o' the ? suff'rin' victim, ' ". an* a rappid spin ' about as he'jworked to add angwish to' agony ! an' the thumps 'n'. whacks o' ..the'1 thrashin''sockdolager o' the sea were more1 powerfuP'ah ever. It wer jest awful to Bee an' hear the punishment the poor cow whale wer' gettin'--lack o' < moustache, which every bull whale has, showed it wer a cow-an'when she gin out a more ag'nisin' belier ' than ever, an' weeped bigger tears-big -'s- small-sized water melons-my 'art just went Broke, my eyes" weeping cop'usly, an' I bust out involun-i tcry, as it wer, with ? suth'in' like this : ' Shear off outen that, ye poor,tormented critter, an' scuttle in an' lay up 'longsidei o' the Star, an'we'll help ye if we kin !' meanin' all I said. Now, sir, comes a strange sark instance. Mëbbe it wer "on'y coincidence ; but to me; it wer, an allus will be, a direck an', intelli-' gent response to my symp'thelick invitation an' promis' o' kelp. What did the poor cow do ? Wal, sir, she div in the fust place, but riot out o' sight, 'fore shakin' her flukes high in the air, as much aB to say,. ' Thank ye, I'll be .with. ye'I's In a minit the Star got suth'n' of a shock an' begun to rock, the ol' cow, woe-' f ally bleedin' I'm eve'y pore, soon risin', an', lyin' clus under the starbud beam, havin' cl iv under, our keel, her squared snout 'boat even with the Star's stem, her flukes teri foot abaft the starn, makin' ber out to be a full eighty-footer, her dark life-blood spouting cop'usly fm her blow hole,. an', the great big tears runnin' down her cheeks like rain--sech rain as they prob'ly had1 when Noah'B flud come down. ^ I tho't the poor critter wer on her last legs, so to speak, but whales have a good deal o' life blood into 'em an die hard, 'less thir vitals ar, struck severely, an' I kencluded her'n hadn't received a death dealin' blow j but they had, as ye'll , see, tho* it were not a 'mejitely fatal blow. What did we do then ? Why, I had the yawl over the port side in a jiff, with four men into it, two at the oars, one with a dubble bar'l shot gun, an' the fourth with a harpoon to shoot, stick an' kill, if we could, or drive off them savage sluggers o' the sea an'murderers o' innercents. An' we done it, too ; that fe^j we dxiy 'em off, > ?? .. ,'A"" ?. . ?. .. -J-'. ??? but quicker'n. we should, pVaps,-if th«, sawfish hadn't -broke-his saw shoot off at j the- handle by spitefully jabbin'" at "the - boat, the weppiu glancin' firm the bow? ; ?an'-strikin' tho- good oak,,stern, snappin' ; short off. -, Rendered' hoss de combat, the disarmed; critter cried quitz¿ 'n' hauled off fur futur' repairs, \ * % pal, the sluggin' ruffih, sheerin' off, too, the minit lie seen sawfish wern't-no longer-iri it, but not 'thought gitHn' two charges o' buck- shot wher' th^ lads tho't would do the most good-'bout in the middle o' the back I What happened then ? .One o' them cur's,facks that ar', cur'user 'n fickshun, sir. In à minit or two, findin' -his invet'rit foes had hauled off, the sorely thumped an' lacerated cow whale riz up her head over the starbud bow, leaned over the rail, an', sheddin' tears of thanf ulness and gratitood, which fell splashin' on the hot deck like buckets o' water, seized a coil o' rope in bet 1 big mouth an' made off slowly, waggin' her flukes high aloft. . * Gosh 't goos'bri,' cried my boy Sam, I ' the critter's gon ter gin us a tow fur savin''her life I' an'/sprung/'n'made tho line fast to the windlass. ; Wal,-that's whatsit looked -like; I'm -.blast'f " it didn't. 1 An' it wer a "sure thing in a minit when, i findin' the line.,taut, the thankful ?> critter, I she'erin' sharp to port' forged ahead with I mod'rit speed,-takin^-the Star alorig's well i as any, tug could a done. Didn't that I look like-didn't it show, sir- thankful- ness an' gratitood? . I say yes, an' the world can't beat me out on't, sir. Ye think it did, eh? I tho't ye would. An' ye think a-tow outen a three day's ca'm that mout last three weeks wer a tól'ble fair showin' o'-gratitood-all a poor, dum' sea critter could do-don't ye, sir ? I tho't ye would. So do.I. who'wer' there to 'r>reciato it. ' ; ' ' * But that -weren't . a sarkimstance, sir, to what she done in . the end that poor, wounded, bleedin', dyin' thankful critter!--hut on'y the beginnin' o' the end o' her deep gratitood ! Towin* us easily over the glassy ( waters o'. the southern sea till nigh onto sunset, she fin'ly. slowed downun' como to longside a mess o' flotsam which proved to bo amber- gris, a stuff used in perfumes, light as cork but worth five dollars a.pound in them times'J An' wh en J- tell ye> .sir,, that .ther' wer suth'n'??like 2001b on't, ye must 'low "that '"my" .sp^r'rn^whaJ-e... èpérience,- w^r a sum'at pron'tablo one\ an' that the grati- tood o'.that, cow/ whale wer . bounded on'y by-'her' ability Ho" .do ! Yes, sir; that mess o' ambergris,. wu th quite a leetle fortin in them days, wer what that grateful but dyin' whale towed us onto that, ca'm an' blistrin' day down in the South Pacific. An' to cap the climax, as .it wer, an'to crown the o'cashen with a hallo o' weepin' sadness, the dyin' an' gratef ul whale, lookin fr'm the flotsam to me with abroad smile en her lips, heaved one tremen jus deep drawn sigh, shook with one mighty shiver jin', her sperit departin',rolled slowly over, belly up, An' th er y in the br'ilin' sun she | j lay, the victim o', ruthless murder on the \ high seas. Holdin' onto life hy Bheer force o' -will power, till she towed us to that; ambergris, thus showin' her deep gratitood, j she then gin up the ghost. It were a I most affectin' moment, I .tell yo, but we managed, to ^gather in.'.that : ambergris ne'theless. Now, I want to ask ye, sir, if ¡ye don't think that dyin', whale showed( intelligence of the human order, as well; as gratitood, which most humans . lover-' I stocked with? Ye do, eh ? Wal, so do Li An' now ye know my sparm whale 'speri-: ence, an' ar' able to cert'fy to the fack; that gratitood ain't m'nópérlized by humans. . -. . What's that? How do I 'count fur the j "whale's knowin' 'bout that ambergris ? That's an easy one, sir. Ambergris ar' a produck o' the sparm whale-it is, I guess, to that critter what bile is to the human-an' when the stummick ar' overloaded, it gits rid of it by purgin' or otherwise ; an' that mess were the cast out o' that very whale, j prob'ly, an' not an hour 'fore she wer way- laid, p'r'aps ; so why shouldn' she know jest wher to p'int up for it, eh ? It are a plain case to me, an' must be to you, I think, sir. Yes, thanks. Some ol' Med 'n 'm'lasses in mine. Wal, here's to the sea an' the, whales in their bliss, 'thout sawfish or thrasher, but rich ambergris. MAYNE BBAYCE, ?^naband : " I have just been seeing poor Mr Bxackedged. How captivatingí she .looks in widow's weeds !" "Wife : " It is unfortunate, my dear, that ns «aalt all be widows l^j^ 