LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY, f , The Speaker took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. QUESTIONS. Mr. SEE, in reply to Mr. Chapman, said that relaying of rails on the various lines' was recularlv and systematically proceeded with. He did not think it advisable that a commission of competent engineers in dependent of the Railway Department should be appointed to examiue the various lines. ' Mr. SLATTERY, iu reply to Dr. Ross, paid that no deoision had yet been arrived at with regard to the establishment of a model farm in the western district. Mr, SEE, in reply to Mr. Rose, said that . if it was a fact that in various parts of the colony certain storekeepers were imposing upon the public by charging 10 per cent, extra' on goods coming under the free list and on other goods tho duties on which had not been raised the Government had not been apprised of the master. The fullest information would be afforded tho general public in order to culighten them on tho incidence of tariff taxation. Mr, DIBBS stated that with regard to the men injured in tho torpedo explosion at Middle Head the question of their claims had been before him during the last month, and in the courso of a few days he would be able to inform the House as to what had been done. FORMAL MOTIONS. The following motions, taken as formal, were agreed to: — By Mr. DIBBS— That this House will, To-morrow (Thursday), re- solve itseir into a committee ot tue wnoie to con sider the expediency of bringing in a bill to amend the law relating to Certain judicial offices and to certain courts and tho administration of justioe therein. By Mr. O'SULLIVAN— For copies of all papers and correspondence fn reference to the sale of a reserve of 028 acres in the parish of Little Billabong, county of. Goulburn, to Messrs. Ross Brothers, proprietors ot an adjoining station. By Mr. O'SULLIVAN— For copies of all papers, including plans, specifica tions, Ac,, (n reference to contracts 2 and 3 on- the Jcnolan Caves-road, entered on by Thomas Martin; also, petition signed by 104 persons who consider Martin's ease ono that should have received greater consideration, and not the harsh treatment ho has been subjected to. By Mr. NOBBS— For copies of all correspondence, minutes, military gtne al orders, Sc., concerning the Randwick Rifle Range, from Ootohoer 14, 18D1, to the present date. INFLUX OF CHINESE. Mr. FITZGERALD said that some time ago he drew the attention of the then Bremicr to tho influx of Chinese into Western Australia, and he gave him a pro mise that he would send a dispatch to the Premier of Western Australia on the sub ject. Since then the matter had created considerable attention in the other colonies, and he desired to know whether the head of tho Government had yet received any dispatch in answer from Western Australia. If not he asked the Premier if he would take steps to have arrangements made between the colonies on this very important subject. Mr. DIBBS said that he would take an early opportunity of communicating with the Premier of Western Australia, and pneq,nwhile he would see what records there were in his office. RAILWAY SURVEYS. Mr. GORMLY asked a question with re ference to the proposed Wagga Wagga- Tumborumba railway, and thought that is was time that the report concerning it was in tho hands of tho department. Mr. LYNE said that when he took office ho found that a number of reports, which should have been in the hands of tho depart ment, were not available. Ho had given instructions that tho reports should be sub mitted at the earliest opportunity, and further, that the officers should inform him of others that they had to furnish. If they were not going on with railways he could not see the force of those men going flying about the country, (Cheers.) He had given a certain period of time for the fur nishing of the report alluded to. CUSTOMS DUTIES BILL-RESUMP TION OF THE DEBATE. The debate on the second reading of the Customs Duties Bill was resumed. Mr. MELVILLE said he anticipated that tho leader of tho Opposition would, under the circumstances, have endeavored to haye filled the position ho occupied with that energy and courage which he had thought fit to credit himself with in the fiscal fight which had gone on for years, but ho regretted to find that the spcoebes delivered by tho hon. member had been below tho average they were accustomed to hoar from him. Tho hon. niomber had no doubt realised that there was no hope for the citadel in which ho had lived for so long, and that the doom of freo- trado was sealed. The hon. member told them last night that they could get rid of free-trade, bnt if they once introduced pro tection they would never get rid of it. If that was so it was becauso protec tion produced effects which were beneficial to tho community. It had been stated that tho present Government came into office by chance. Ho denied that, and held that tho Government oamo into office constitutionally, and wore now crying " hands off" to tho freo-trade party who had had their hands on tho industries of the colony long enough. They were anxious that tho national resources of this country should be developed, and that every man should have tho opportunity of working arid being bettor paid for his work. Not withstanding all the charges that had been levelled against them, if they turned to history they would find all along tho line of inarch that the leading men of all nations in' all times had been , protectionists, and England did not throw off protection until Her industries wero established. He would defy anyone to point to any nation that l|ad become a nation under free- trade. Re proceeded to quote from Napoleon to show that free-trade Holland was without manufactures, while France was much richer under promotion, and Eng.- land jvas at tho time tho most arbi trary of protectionist nations. Napo- leon said that agriculture was'' the soul of the basis of a nation, and if this was so whore did New South Wales under its boasted free-trade stand ? This great genius put . foreign- trade behind agriculture and industry. He put it last, where this Parlia ment would put, it. ' (Hear, hear.) He had put the prohibitive duties" op cotton, not to increase the price, hut to give employment to the unfortunate people. '. Tho result was that tho French soon possessed the three branches of the cotton manufacture to tho benefit of the population and the injury and regret' of tho English. The protectionists wero not fighting a poli tical party in New South Wales alone ; they were fighting tho same battle as had been fought in the American House of Re presentatives id America for commercial freedom against the allied forces of the Eil'glish and European exporters and local importers. The merchants of England oared for nothing' hub- their own gains. The Government ' ' and flag' of England they only valued so long as they and their wealth received protection. If the leader of tho Opposition succeeded in saving to them this the last of tho Australian citadels they would cheer him and knight him in (ho Cobden Clnb, but the day would come when the people of his own native land would regret his work. The people of America had refnsed to bear taxation for the benefit; of England, and people hero now refused to bo longer despoiled to keep up the armies and navies and add to the wealth of the old world.' (Hear, hear.) The free-traders could point to no 'great reformer who was not a protectionist. The men who had voted to shorten the hours of labor and for the emancipation of slaves wero the protec-, tionists. Thoso who tried to hold their brethren in bondnge were the free-traders. All countries which had risen to greatness had done so by attending- to th'e'fostering of their own trade, but here tho principle had always beep to consider the trade of other countries and let our' own go as it liked'. (Hear, hear.,) He could not understand how it was that M r. Reid had voted for the . manufacture of locomotives in-' New South Wales, for free-traders, to bo consistent, should allow the work to be made in Eng land, Germany or China, wherever it was cheapest. He wonld like to see free-traders try to prove that England had be come a nation under free-trade, or that America had done any good under any polioy than protection. (Hear, hear.)' The supremacy of England was due to her navigation laws. The nation which the press of New South Wales had stated was free-trade, and which should be imitated, forgot all ' about tho brotherhood of men when, with her great- marine force, she broke down the barriers of Copenhagen and forced her trnde upon the unwilling people. If the member for Newtown (Mr. Cotton), who was an obedient follower of Henry George, who could not write a book with out aspersing tho people of New South Wales, imagined that he could destroy these historical facts he was mistaken. England also forced upon China tho opium of her manufacturers. The proposi tion was laid down to the people of England when she was protectionist that if the duties were abolished the world would become free- trade. -'Why it Was now a matter of notoriety that it was being considered there whether or not a duty Bhould be placed on foreign-made matches. That was one of the glorious results of foreign-trade in England. He would impress upon his hon: friend, the leader of the Opposition, the fact that the cry of protection wa3 once more arising in Great Britain. To more firmly bring the faots out he asked why was it that the names of Bonaparte, Bismarck, President Garfield, George Wash ington and Henry Clay, he usked why were they emblazoned in the annals of the world? If those great men advocated protection, and niinfoDtiflH' wnfl < had tliinrf vwLyi wue if. fVinf their names were honored ? Since England became a free-trade nation, and since she was governed by the merchants, she had entered into no wars, her flog had been torn down, and her name . .trampled in the dirt. If those merchant governors saw an opportunity to make money they threw honor aside, and tho honorable name of England had been spat upon by all nations. The New South Wales farmers hud endeavored to raise enough breadstuffs for home consumption, and who would say they were not as industrious as any class in the world ? Their produce was swamped, however, and the free-traders had thrown down the throats of the farmer that if pro duce were taxed their farming implements and their clothes would be taxed, and they would be no better off. How ever, -during latter days the far mers bad taken to thinking, and were now in favor Af a proteotionist policy. (Hear, hear.) The free-traders never hesi tated to hail with a shriek all kinds of charges at the protectionists, and suy that they were a set of ignorant people. If pro tection wero a bad thing why was it that in Victoria there was no cry about the Customs duty on produce ? And then, again, why was it that when under free-trade the bakers met together and determined to raise tho price of breud the free-traders did not make a burning question of it ? Therefore it was senseless to now raise the argument that protection was bad be cause the price of bread wsb to be raised. The working men in England were told that free-trade would give them a cheap loaf. Tho aotnal state of affairs was that in Eng land £14 4s. 9d. per head waB spent iu food, while in protection America it was only £9 17s. 7d., or a saving in full round figures of £320,000,000 a year to tho poople. A great statesman, Mr. Mulball, had stated that in England a man had to work on the average 113 days a year to provide food. It was the same in Now South Wales. In America the average was only 111 days. In 1878 New South Wales manufactured 58,783 tons of flour, and in 1889 only 8G,150 tons, which was altogether out of proportion to the in crease of population. Mr. ALLEN : A Tory argument, used 50 years ago. Mr. MELVILLE : Tory or not, England never ate the leek at the dictates of foreign Powers till she was free-trade. In 1889 no less than 50 '8 per cent, of tho .potatoes used in Now South Wales were imported, and the Government statistician (Mr. Coghlan), commenting on the matter, said that it was not because tho farmers of the country could not grow sufficient for the wants of the people that so much w,as imported, but. be cause the farmers wero discouraged by the low prices, oaused, he (Mr. Melville) con sidered, by the influence of unrestricted competition. Dr. HOLLIS : Would you have the pota toes made dear ? Mr. MELVILLE pointed out that in pro tected Victoria potatoes were cheaper than in free-trade New South Walesr- It had been wildly said by the free-traders that under their favorito policy tho colony's in dustries had been fosterod. Why, they were forced to call ohaff-eutting an industry, and twopenny-halfpenny things like that. Mr. LEVIEN : Lemon squashes. (Laughter.) Mr. MELVILLE showed that under free- trade the woollen mills of the colony had decreased while Victoria had a good lead, over us in this respeot. Lot every man who earned his living by the sweat of his brow listen to this. Now South Walas was scar cely a yard ahead beyond what she was when tho aboriginals wore running about on the sea shore. If tho aboriginals bad sufficient intelligence they could have raked the metals as the peoplo of tho country did now, have raised the shoup, havo entered tho stoke-hole of a gas manufactory, or carried on tho work of the few industries that existednow. When they oamo to survey -the boot, shoo, and furniture trades, they, as right-minded men, would bo appalled at the fact that instead of producing for themselves they wore being fed and clothed by the importer, who, having reaped the advantage, still wished- to keep tho fetters round, the necks of the peoplo of tho country.- Potato-growing in the colony had been ruined, and thoy had to depend for snppjips. on their neighbors. The woollen millB had gone out of existence steadily and surely. He challenged anybody to disprove that whero m tho pust duties had been im posed— for, tell it not in Gath, such dutieB had been levied in New South- Wales — the industries concerued had flourished. In 1879 there wero 119 woollen mills, and in 1889 only 62. That was evidence of how free-trade encouraged industries. In 1879 there were 314 shirtmakers; in 1880 only 175 ; in 1881 only 160 ; in 1882 only 96 ; in 1S83 only 68 ; in 1884 only 50 ; and in 1889 Mr. Coghlan could not find a single one to record. He contended that avennes of labor should be opened tip for the female portion of the community, but at the same time he was not an advocate for employing female as against male labor for the purposo of re ducing wages. Mr. SPEAKER at this stage called the hon. member's attention to the fact that ho had now been speaking for twp hours. Tho Colonial Treasurer iu moving the motion only occupied one hour a pd 17 minutes, ond tho leader of tho Opposition ono hour and 23 minutes. Even those speeches ap peared to him to be of an unwarrantable length, having regard to tho debate, but he allowed the hon. member to proceed as he was Chairman of Committees, and would have no other opportunity of speaking. He would ask him now to curtail his remarks, otherwise he wouid have to enforce the new standing order. Ho considered it an un warrantable waste of time for an hon. member to make a speech of two boors on this motion. Mr. MELVILLE said he had no desire to take up time which might belong to other hon. members, and would therefore bring his remarks to a close. He Had spoken heatedly and enthusiastically, because he was endeavoring to show that no nation had risen under what was known as free-trade, and because he believed tho proposition of tho Government embodied that system which must come in this colony for the establishment of its industries — that system which had caused England to be come mistress of the seas ; had raised America to what she was ; developed the resouroos of the neighboring colony of Vic toria, and had produced results which showed that it was the only trnepolicy for New South Wales. He congratulated the Opposition on the manner in which they had treated the proposals, and he hoped tho Government would abandon the proposal to leave the iron industry out in the cold. He trusted the iron industry would be inclnded. (Cheers.) Mr. COTTON contended that had the hon. gentleman read the teachings of the old French Economists ho would have found that thoy held far different views to those ho had expressed concerning the polioy of protection. He claimed that Cus toms duties was a most ocstly method of raising revenue. Ho denied the soundness of the proposition of taxing luxuries. He gave tho Government credit for taking the duty off tfca, and had the free-traders been sincere this would have been done years ago. Protection wonld make honest Government impossible, and he claimed it was wrong to give nn advantage to one section of the com munity. He admitted that the Treasurer was singularly honest iu his statements, and therefore he could not understand how ho was a protectionist. In all our industries and works we had been suffering from Vic torian competition, and the rates' of wages hud been reduced. The explicit statements of tho Treasurer had taken over to the pro tectionist side most- of the large landholders. He admitted that all nations bad grown up under protection. Sir HENRY PARIvES, on rising, was received with cheers. Ho offered his con gratulations to . the member for Newtown for his contribution to the debute, which he characterised as most logical. He ex pressed his sorrow that they had been forced into tho debate in such a manner as had been done. He had attended the pre vious evening to bear the Treasurer's speech, which lie said was a discredit to the coun try, (Oh, oh.) Ho thought the speech did not contribute anything to the enlightenment of tiie House. The Treasurer had asked, " What cau-'possibly be tho objection to a policy of this sort?" He would tell them that the fiscal questiou had animated the minds of great men for all titne. He objected to it because the Govern ment had no mandate from tho country to bring the question forward, and because they had no authority from the House to do so. He objected because tho policy had been condemned by the Government themselves and their supporters. Iu 1887 Mr. Cope- land moved that any taxation that did not bear equally on all classes was un justifiable. Mr. Dibbs supported tho motion. Mr. COPELAND ; What are yon re ferring (o ? Mr. CRICK: Oh, it's ancient history. . Mr. REID : Barton's History. 1 Sir HENRY PARKES : It was not so long ago Mr. Copeland asked the House to declare that any system of taxation that did not put tlm burflen equally on all shoulders Was unjustifioble. Mr. COPELAND : Hear, hear. Sir HENRY PARKES : Then the tariff proposals were unjustifiable. Ho (Mr. Copeland) also asserted that property should be taxed. Mr. COPELAND : And I say so now. Sir HENRY PARKES : Then why was not a land tax before the House in lieu of or with the present proposal. Mr, COPELAND : Give us time and you will get it. Sir HENRY PARKES : The Treasurer said the Government wanted to find employ ment for tho people. He would like tho ' Government to explain what that meant. Surely the Government were not so innocent as to think he and others agreeing with him would not objeot to the proposal. He would admit that half tho people were in favor of the Government. Was it then a proposal to throw the peoplo of the country intq two opposing factions ? Did they imagine that the proposals would be tamely taken ? There would be a battle between tho parties in the House until the question was deoided at; the next general elections. Mr. COPELAND : There never was avic- tory without a fight. Sir HENRY PARKES : The Government were not now on tangible ground. Mr. CRICK: He's raising the ICiamn ghost again. (Laughter.) Sir HENRY PARKES: At South Sydney the Premier was sixth on tho poll. Mr. O'SULLIVAN: That a been your position before to-day. Mr. DIBBS : The trouble is I am here now. \- Sir HENRY PARKES did not object to the Premier's presence. He thought the Premier being in the House was a good thing for free-trade and a bad thing for tho protectionist cause. To quote a humble pro verb " the proof of the pudding was in tho eating of it," and he asserted that New South Wales was the richest colony of tho group, and that people from ' the other colonies wore attracted thither. Ho had no hesitation in saying that Victoria had prospered because of tho narrowness ot her territory, which was a good thing for social and political pro gress. Victoria also had a great area of good laud near the metropolis, which was another fnctor in her advancement. After years of protection in Victoria business was stagnant. New South Wales had to struggle against great natural disadvantages and go far to the country to get land equal in rich ness to that surrounding Melbourne, and build 10 mfles of railway for every mile of line in Victoria. But despite all that tho colony had prospered and had outstripped Victoria iu all tho elements that went to make true progress. Ho would pursue that, line of argument, no farther, because com parison between the two colonies was peculiarly uninviting to him. He wanted to know what was the use of quoting Washington and Benjamin Franklin on the subject. Those men lived in a time when tho world was wrapped in a midnight of superstition, including protection. If a model were wanted go to Russia, Japan or China. Just as much as a country was steeped in ignorance so WU3 it wrapped iu protection. An Horn Member : Co to America. Sir HENRY PARKE? did not know that tho arguments adduceable from America were of much effect. Tho greatest book on frce-trado was that by a man of the most stupendous intellect, Adam Smith, who had not spent a single thought on political economy. No great men who had made themselves famous apprbved of pro tection. Nobody would invest money in the colony for the establishment of indus tries till the country, had gratified the polioy of the Government. ! _ Mr. CRICK : Thby will ratify it all right. Sir HENRY PARKES said that protec tion would never create a ..permanent state of affairs. Mr. SEE : What doeB " General " Booth s&y; An Hoy. Member: Amen. (Laughter.) _ Sir HENRY PARKES said that protec tion was a mouldy thing, a discarded thing, and no illustrious man had ever favored it> Mr. SEE : Abraham Liueota. Sir HENRY PARKES Said ho did not think Bismarck a benefactor of the human race. He had done a deal towards building up the German Empire by blond and iron. Mr. Barton had quoted a speech favoring protection delivered by him (Sir Henry Parkes) 30 years ago. Tho illustrious leader of the English Opposition at one' time favored slavery. . Mr. FITZGERALD : He never favored it. Sir HENRY PARKES said that Mr. Gladstone had palliated it. It was, there fore, justifiable ' that a self- educated man like himself should change his opinions as lie grew older and learnt- Iu becoming a protectionist he had been misled by that deceptive passage in John Stuart Mill's book which said that protection tended to foster native industries. In conclusion, he said he should give his vote against the' second reading of this bill, because he denied that the Ministers had any mandate from the people to impose this "kind of legisla tion. Mr. DIBBS said when the second reading of this bill was moved last night by the Colonial Treasurer the Government felt that it was no portion of their dnty to offer a lengthy debate on the second reading of the bill, which was merely to give executivo force to a decision arrived at by this Louse; after some woekB of disousBion. He did not feel himself called upon to follow the leader of tho Opposition, and ho would not hare spoken now had not tho hon. member who had just spoken thrown out another chal lenge to tho House on tflis question. Thoy introduced the bill to give effect to the wishes and resolutions of the House. Under these circumstances the Government did not feel called upon to prolong the debate, and if the venerable member for St. Leonards, who had claimed sympathy on behalf of his years, had not challenged the Governtnentbyehargingthem with effrontery in putting the bill before tho House without arguments in its defence, ho would not bo justified in offering any remarks. What Sir Henry . Parkes had said justified him (Mr. Dibbs) in asking what was the speech which the member for St. Leonards haci juBt delivered ? Was it (hp biography of Sir Henry Parkes, the history of free-trade- and protection, or reminiscences of the past, in which the memories and reputations of great and' honored men who had been iu the House were trotted forth and reviiedfor having _ failed in their efforts to establish protection ? He would like to say a few words anent the ungenerous attack of Sir Henry Paikes upon" the Attorney-General because of the unfortunate hit made against the former by Mr. Barton quoting bis views in 1862, wheu ho made within the walls of the Chamber tho most powerful speech in favor of protection that had ever been heard within them. That oration was not a spasm. of tho honorable member's mind. He had obtained from the Houso the right to inquire into the conditjpu of tho working men of tho country, and as a result of that inquiry he arrived at the conclusion that relief could only be afforded thefii by adopting a system of moderate protection. He (Sir Henry Parkes) attempted to back down from the position he assumed on that occasion, and Via plninmtV fKnr if. wna itinnitt nn frltn nn«4 #. r the Attorney-General to quoto a speech de livered so far back as 30 years. Mr. LEVIEN:. He hod a nightmare with Cobden since. Mr, DIBBS remarked that Sir Henry Parkes had, after one short conversation nt the fireside with Mr. Cobden, changed his fiscal opinions. Mr. CRICK: In his nightshirt. Mr. DIBBS expressed surprise that Sir Henry Parkes, of all men, should have been converted in one Bhort hour by Mr. Cobden. Ho, time after time, had endoavored to do- fend himself from tho opeoch which he had delivered in 1802. But Sir Henry Parkes had not attempted to defend himself for his views on the fiscn'l policy of 1880. He had been charged before. to-day with having at a certain caucus meeting of the Opposition which lie then led on being asked by Mr. Garrard, " What is your opinion, Sir Henry Parkes, as to the fiscal policy to bo adopted by nuy incoming Government ?" replied, " I believe that any incoming Government must adopt a modified form of protection." This had been stated beforo, and never denied. Sir HENRY PARKES : I positively deny it now. _ Mr. LEVIEN : The pamphlet was pub lished. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DIBBS accepted the denial in a party sense for what it was worth, bnt did not think Mr. Garrard would deny it. The hon. member's position in favoring free-trada against protection had never been on sound lines. He quite admitted that Sir Henry Parkes had a right to change his mind. In 1862 tile hoo. member was- a protectionist, and when after that did ho declare himself a free-trader ? The late bogus system of free- trade, when the country was apparently thriving, had only been kept up through the unlimited sale of Crown lands, which yielded whatevor revenue was required, and the country could borrow at tho time what it liked. It was these adventitious aids wbioh helped froe- trade, and not the policy itself. In 1877 under free-trade the land revenue was £2,811,000, In 1878 £1,915,000, in 18(9 £1,215,090, in 1881, when Sir Henry Parkes was in power, £2,229,000 — (.Hear, hear aud laughter) — in 1882 £2,187,000. In 1883, wheu tho Parkes- Robertson Government, gave way to tho Stuart Government, tho suicidal sale of tho public estate by public auction was stopped and tho' laiid revenue reduced to £915,000. This enormous reduction of the land revenue was the beginning of the necessity for changing our fiscal policy. In 1884 the land revenue was .111,037,000; in 1885, £1,162,000 ; in 1880, £1,076,000: in 1887, £1,098,000; in 1888, £1,098,000, and so on to the present time. It was because of this falling off- of tiie land revenue that tha truth was shown. Under the old system the boasted free-trade had thrived, bnt the stoppage of the sale of land had shown its internal rottenness and tho necessity for the ohange,. which the country had sinoo recognised. (Hear, hear. ) If there waB anything in which he joined issue with Sir Henry Parkes it was on his sincerity with respeot to. the questions of frqe-trado and federation. He claimed that tile polioy of the Government in attempting to place tho colony on all- fours with tho other colonies tyes tho best and surest method of bringing the colonies into line and securing their happier union. When New South Wales became protec tionist the other colonies would seo- tho necessity of joining. in federation with her. (Hear, hear.) In Now Zealand the adoption of protection was bringing that colony out of tho niiro. South Australia, through tho same course, was getting out of the diffi culties into which it had been plunged, and when the other colonies found that; New South Wales was protecting itself the main difficulty in tho way of federation would bo at an end. The best, safest and surest way of attaining that object was to assist tho Government in securing the eh an go which would put this colony in accord with tho others. The Treasurer had conclusively shown that our necessities, by reason of large loans and the impecunious position of the Government during the last fow _ years, required (he adoption of protection. In 1883 there wero only four protectionists in the House, in 1880 there were 40, in 1889 05, ap4 to-day ho speeches and VQtos of thftjnerobers showed (hat they had over 70, an absolute majority of the Rouse in favor of. the policy. It was non sense, under these, circtimstances, to say that , th.o Government wore, introducing pro- toction .without, a mandate from the peoplo when tho public mind had been growing since 1883 in favor of it, and the number of members of the party in the Aaseitjbly had increased from four to over 70. (Hear, hear,) It was a olaptrap cry 'on the part of the Opposition to say this. It was pot right tfi put the people continually in the tprniofl of jo. general election, and it would be wrong to go back after six months simply because tho free-traders forced- them into office, a majority having declared for/protection, and if they went to the country they would give a larger majority. The country was tired of those who preached and did not practise free. trade, in 1889 they came back with 65 protectionists, and through the failure of the Government to fulfil promises the Government was disn placed. It got into power again, and Mm M'Millan again promised to purge tho nd« mittedty mongrel tariff of all the protection it contained, just aiJIr. Burns had promised two years beforo. The late Govern ment had deliberately broken this pi'o- ' misc, made simply to keep in office- Daring a time when she was put to gnat expense owing to wars England had intro duced Customs duties in order to payjiho national debt, and great free-traders agreed to a large extent with the move. The free- trade party of New South Wales took it ' upon themselves to send circulars broadcast through tho colony, and had endeavored to ' obtain signatures to petitions protesting against the introduction of the fiscal ques- ' tion. Some petitions had been signed. An Hon. Member : But not honestly signed. Mr. DIBBS: The peopje of tho epupiry had had a long — a too long — experience of. free-trade, and, finding they were notf benefitted to the extent thfiy should liavo been, were determined to put both policies to thfi test. hi>f»fLH«n nnrlftr frr»A.f.»»rtr1 a could seo no outlet for the absorption of th«? surplus labor of the colony. If tho pc thought the policy that the Government ban brought into life would not bo advantageous' they would have petitioned the Houso against it in shoals. Bat on the other hand the simplest outside opposition could r.or be fonnd. They were told, and it allowed that peoplo in glass houses should not throw c stones, that it was wi'ong for tho Attorney- General to quote speeches of ?ir Honry Parkes on protection. Well, during the night they had lioard Sir Henry Parkes quote a motion of Mr. Copejand's in 1887. That motion proposed direct taxation. Well, he would show the consistency of those now iu Opposition. Mr. Burdekin votefl against a property tax. So did Messrs. Allen, Carruthers, Farnell, Garrard, Gould, Hoi- boro w, Inglis, C. A. Lee, M 'Court, M'Millan, Sir Henry Parkes, Varney Parkes, Sydney Smith, B. R. Wise, H. Taylor and others- Then when there was a chanee of a property ' tax the present Opposition, then in power, opposed it. Now, however, in their struggle for office and when they thought they would gain a fow single-tax votes, they were-' clamoring for it. He would point out that out of tho 04 who voted for the Government) on that oceuBion 25 were left out in the cold at the last general election. He Would like to say a word on the position of the Govern ment. Sir Henry Parkes had admitted that they came into power in a perfectly legitimato manner, and Mr. Reid, in that comical speech of his the previous evening, said they were a Government of aocident. Well, i"£ it was an accident, it was an accident for the good of tho country. They came into power determined to stand by their guns, and to pump the ship out and lot her go forward fairly on her course, and to restoro the prosperity to the country which bad been lost owing to the previous Administra tion. Tho position of tho leader of tho Op-- posltiou was a greater accident than that of tho Government. They had it from Mr. Carruthers that offerB of tho posi tion were made to Sir Henry Pafkps, Mr. Wise, Mr, Want, and Mr. Bruce Smith. It was ill to say that the Government came into power hy accident, when tho soa(fi of all the Ministers had been confirmed by their constituents, He would ocoupy tho time of the House no longer. Sir Henry . Parkes and Mr. Reid both admitted that tho cause of free-trade was lost, that protection had a majority in tho Houso ; then why should the debate bo continued ? (Cheers.) Mr. NEILD suggested an adjournment, as it was a quarter-past 11. _Mr. DIBBS said if it was not too late for : him to speak it was not too late for the hon.- member. There was no necessity to speak" for 10 hours, (Laughter.) Mr. NEILD said if he spoke that night lie would not be reported. (Laughter.) Mr. CAMPBELL thought the Government) had come into power in' a perfectly legiti- mate manner, and was convinced that1 tho Ministry was opmposod' of gentlemen eminently adapted to carry on the business of the country. He, however, objected to tho introduction of the fiscal question. After talking several minutes ho was caliod to order by Mr. SPEAKER, who pointed ont that the hon. member haijl not onco louoheil on tho question. Mr. NEILD moved tho. adjournment of the debate, which proposition was agreed to. Mr. DIBBS moved that tho debate stand' an order- of tho day for tho following day," and this also was carried. Mr. DIBBS moved tho adjournment of tho House. Mr. WILLIAMS took occasion to com. plain of discorteous treatment which he said ho had been subjected at the hands of tho officers of the Minos Department. Mr. WILLIS complained about tho Minister for Mines' treatment with refer ence to his suggestion that the tanks in tho western district should hp fpneed round with vyire-proof netting. Mr. COOK also desired to lodge a com plaint about the administration of (ho Mines Department. Ho thought that thero was either' dilatoriness in the department, or elso it was in need of proper assistance. He wanted to know whether' tha StrikcB Conciliation Bill was going to bo introduced this session bv the Government ? Mr. DIBBS": Yos. Mr. SLATTERY sa(d that, in justice, to the officers of tho MineB Department, thai thoy were as efficient as could bo found in the colony.' The House adjourned, at. twenty miuutoa to 12, ' 