THE HEATH OF THE DUKE OF CLARENCE. Yesterday was observed as a general day of mourning in the churches, and numbers of citizens wore mourning badges on their anna. The principal public buildings, in- eluding the Post oflico, Mechanics’ Institute, Masonic and Temperance Hulls, Art Gallery, and many places of business displayed flags at half-mast, but at the Town Hall it was noticeable there wore none. Messrs. Hen derson and Goodisson, of the Beehive,draped the whole of their premises entirely in black, while Mr. U. Burridgo, of the Beehive, had his cafe, &c.;, similarly draped. At St. Paul's Church the worshippers were called together by a muffled bell, and the altar was draped in mourning; The organist, Mr. J. H. Bryan, played “ filost ore the dear and at both services ;the “Dead March in Saul.” Appropriate hymns and music wore selected for the occasion. The solo, “I know that my Redeemer Livcth” was sung by Miss' Harrison. In the morning the Rev. John Good, of Essendon, officiated, taking for his text, “ These things said He; and after that He saith unto them, our friend Lazarus sieepeth ; but I go tint I may wake him out of sleep. ” (John 1 , In the evening the Rev. W. Hancock, B.A., preached from the words—“And there was no more sea, ” (Revelations. 2Icbap., Ivor.) The sea to St John in his exile in the island of Patinos was an emblem' of separation. No wonder ho looked upward with joy to heaven “where there was no, more sea—" no more separation. Ho had had sorrow previously, but bis Potmos experience over-shadowed, them all. Like the Psalmist ho could> say, “Thy waves and thy billows go over-, me.” Where were his fellow disciples? They wore martyred, and he was the only survivor. No more up-to"Heaven where there was nn more sea—no more sorrow— where God would wipe all tears from the eye. The sea to John was an emblem ofseparation. Howforcibly the words of the text come to you whon you think of one who has just passed away from the world of changes, and placed beyond the storms of life. Our hearts fool most for those who are loft behind. For our beloved Queen, who has over had. a womanly heart, and oyer shown her practical sympathy to those who were in distress; for the Princess of Wales, the. type of a levin" wife and mother; for the P'rineo’of Wales” whose heart seems to have been bound up in the life of his son, and who with bowed head and sorrowing heart with his remaining son. followed his eldest born to the grave; for Princess May of Took, who cried out in the bitterness of her sorrow, “Edward, speak to mo; Edward, speak to me.” The .groat sorrow which .has fallen like a gloomy pall upon the &>yal household, has drawn forth the deepest sympathies of the English people, and many prayers for the bereaved family have gone up to God from many loyal hearts. Mr. Han cock further said -that there was no doubt but that the departed prince had died, in sure and certain hope of a ro-suri’ootioa of life. The higher office which tho'prineo, if ho had lived might have boon called to fill- was not the most enviable one. Wo cannot toll what was lying in the future, but we are told there is no sorrow where he has gone. - Lot- us pray that the nation may bo. saved - from the ; terrors of war and from internal disseo tion. May- the Prince ’ of Wales ha~ able to say like the Psalmist, “It is good for mo .that I havo been afflicted.” Should he come • to the throne of England, may ho bo as .wise as his mother, Mr. -Han cock then stated that as a- church thoy hod also to mourn;, tho loss of a friend and brother—Mr. Whidbprno. In the Archdea con’s last letter he remarked how many havo passed away in such a short time. Those troubles on earth should make all look up and desire that bettor country. _ ■ ■ The services at tho,, Congregational Cnurcn yesterday were in kooping with the day, the mormog.fiubjcct lining from Eao., vnr., < ■“ Theroia no discharge in that war ; and in the evening from Acts, xiu., So: had.served his generation by tho. wUl or Cod ho fell asleep. ” In tho morning Mr. Macka> I sold the dark thought in tho text is tho moyi tahloncas of death. Centuries apart Solomon and Paul likened 'death to a battle, an un avoidable war, in which all must take a part, but with a very different spirit running their views. To Solomon death only presen ted tho dark and dismal —Death the con queror, man tho victim. To Ji was also inevitable, ho saw in it the bnghto joy that came through the Christ, and which enabled him to cry. “Death, whore w t'»y sting? O Grave, whore is thy victory. . Mr. Mackey went on to say that the surrounding emblems of sorrow reminded us of the com mon sympathy called forth from the nation by the" early aeatn of tho Duke Clarence, and the fall In that war of another prominent character, who, although professing a differ ent faith to those assembled in this church, vet stood conspicuously forward as one of God’s workmen in these days when unsol fish men are needed. In Cardinal Manning, Mr. Mackay said, wo had a friend of tho poor, and one whoso mission it was to lift tho unfortunate into a batter and brighter lot as shown by his interest in the working classes causing them to call him the “ Father of tho poor," his advocacy of tho temperance cause, and tho brightening of child life being evidence of this. So much was he identified with all good movements that lie had no hesitation in saying the world is poorer for his loss. In speaking about tho prince ho dwelt upon the unity of the Empire, the keystone of wnloh is love the sufferings of one affecting the whole, and then traced tho life of tho duke, pointing to some of the incidents in his 1 boyhood os indicative of what might have been expected had he boon spared. The complaint about his not taking sufficient interest in spoiling matters, the preacher thought was one of tho most hopeful traits in Ids character, and one that might have proved a great blessing to us in these days when sports of all sorts are running wild, especially tho racing mania, which had an outlet in tho monthly race meetings, which only appear to exist for the great army of human sharks, who lived upon the folly of others, regardless of the hearts and homes blighted in the process, 1 Tho church was very tastefully draped in black and while, tho motto over tho pulpit being “Thy will be done.” Tho musical por tion of the service was well rendered and in perfect sympathy witli tho subject. The evening was devoted to the young, the preacher showing the importance of service ' for God through humanity and the many ways in which that service can bo rendered, so that in tho day of final reckoning, our life will prove to have been lived upon tho linos drawn by God. At tho Forest street Wesleyan Churoh the Rev. E. W. Nyo preached from 1st Corin thians, 1st chapter and last verse. “ That ac cording os it is written he that gloricth let him glory in the Lord.” In opening his sermon the preacher referred to the death of tho Duke of and said sorrow* for tho event was universal. The majority of people in rases like this desired privacy m their grief, but it was tho only re turn that could bo made to those in high life to know that grief was universal, and sym pathy for them in affliction was widespread. He referred in flattering terms to the record of tho deceased duke, and to the break caused in tho circle of the Koval family. They were essentially a family circle, just tho same as any other family, and as an illustration re ferred to tho sorrow that was caused by tho deaths of tho Prince Consort and of the Princess Alice, and how the Queen mourned for them. During the offertory Miss Casey on tile organ played tho Dead Maroh, .in Saul very effectively at tho Long'Gully Church. Mr. Nyo delivered a sermon in the morning from Corinthian, 15th chapter and 20ln verso, “ But now is Christ risen from tho dead and become the first fruits of those that slept.” At Golden Square tho services were conducted by the Rev, D. B. Bridgwood. Tho Rev.’ Henry Wallace conducted tho services in tho Free Methodist Church at Ironbark in tho morning. At Calvin street in tho evening ho spoke from Job, 14th chapter, 10th verse." But man dielh and wnsteth away yea man givoth up the ghost, and where is iio.” Mr. Wallace in tho course of his re marks said that it seldom occurred that a nation of tho earth was so universally affected with sorrow ns that caused by the death . of tho Duke of Clarence. Yesterday at tho Gorman Church, Pastor Loypoldt preached in Gorman a sermon in memory of the death of tho Duke of Clar ence, taking his text from St. Johm, 11 chapter, 3rd verse, “Lord, behold ho whom thou lovest is sink.” Tho preacher pointed out that England’s grief was also' Germany’s grief, and tho loss which the wcll-bolovcd English royal house had sustained concerned tho Gormans in this colony doubly on ac count of being adopted subjects of tliis crown and the same house being so nearly related to tho Gorman imperial house. What made the death of tho Duke of Clarence so gener ally regretted was sympathy for tho beloved grandmother, and for tho illustrious parents and tho much afflicted bride. The death of Miss Maria Kahland, an esteemed member of the'choir, whose numerously-attended funeral took place last Sunday week, was also men tioned in fooling and comforting terms. Tho pulpit, altar anti vestry were draped in black, the drapery kindly lent by Messrs. Henderson and Goodisson and arranged by Mrs. George Jackson and Mjss Nicolai. Suitable hymns were sung by the choir and congregation. The “Dead March” concluded the solemn service. The Rev. A. S. C. James preached at St. Andrew’s Church, Tho pulpit and com munion rail were draped in black, and many of tho congregation woro mourning, us well ns tiio preacher. “Tho Dfcad March in Saul” was played upon the organ, and tho choir sang “ Blessed are tho Departed. ” Reference to the sad event was made in the prayers, hut .Nlr. James having preached a memorial ser vice last Sunday, ho did not again refer to the dnko’s death in the sermon. . Tho Rev. S. Pitman preached at tho Bap tist Church yesterday morning and evening, and nt each service made reference to the death' of tho young duke. He prayed that tho divine sympathy would bo vouchsafed unto his bereaved relatives, to comfort them in their affliction,and that the expressions of sorrow from nil British subjects* - would be sincere and heartfelt. In ’ the morning ho selected ns bis text tho 21st and 22nd verses of John, xvii. “ Neither pray I for thoo alone, but for them also which shall believe on mo through their word: That they all may bo one; as Thou, Father, art in me, and, I in Thee. ” Tho prayer from which tho text was selected, tho preacher said, was really more the Lord's prayer than the one generally designated such, for in the present instance he was praying for himself .rather than touching his disciples how to pray. Mr. Pitman dwelt at length on tho necessity of unity amongst the different members of the church, ‘for us the body is one, and hath many members/ and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body, so also is Christ. J 