LOVE BETTER THAN hue: L"N INTERNATIONAL CONFLICTS CXIAPXEK XX. A CAPIXDLATIOST, By OSCAR FAEK. Am I cxpeated to £ay that lr7 Usurious betwemthe departure of B*rdiflc and the second appearance of DOTmaen vrc of a very humiliating ami painful Then. I must, disappoint an expectation so little justified by an acscrate nndcrttandir.^ or tatt rentls-nun's character. Ho very qoiehly floundered throu. n the rather noisome t»g m whichtte Am riean. had left him reaeh-.d ground enough to bearhis wwghVHe had saved the gilding, and, indeed, had mlcedtoit a fresh layer, which, if not as thick an one an he had hoped to see, was yet. immeasurably h®««r than to here the old gilding shipped entirely away. What if he had faifed to overreach Mr. Bnrdick f That was a mere incident. ^ What u he had failed to many his daughter to the man 01 hie choice I He could shew that impudent yuang cub's father that ho couia get on very well wltfc ont the support of ThomSon and Son. \\\i»t »£ he wna about to cat hie own words to Dormsenf , It would be si range if with his; mastery of words he could not juggle so effectually as to make that vonng man see that the earlier interview had been nothing more than a trial of the strength of his purpose and persistence. And at the TVolsey Jlowbrav, he reflected, must still to nme y_ nineone-hnndredths of the universe present nnirn paired the imposing figure of a terrene god encased in shining metah . Ob, no t While it would have been * satisfaction without alloy to have reached his goal by his own path, jpt he had come so perilously near being compelled or turn back altogether, t)ha ■ dorcinont emotion speedily became one of tation that he should have got so farwithoufi disaster. The habits of a lifetime are not to be so easily disconcert*;. There is more bigotry In ahi worship than in tKy other form o£ devotion. Pre serve the snbttnnce and the incidents will get themselves harmonised somehow or other, in fast, now that Mr. Mowbray came to think it all over; be began to fancy that he had really hoodwinked Mr. Bnrdick very cleverly. Indeed, too. he had quite made up his mind to have nothing mm to do with the ThomSonw. father and son boUi. which would be quite sufficiently gailing to them, and now that he was assured by a disinteres'bed person that Donnten was possessed of .both good birth and money, he should have probablyJumeelf selected tbatyounggentleman asa amiable husband for his daughter, if for no other reason because rt would be wormwood to the Thorndons. Thnseasy and simple it is for one, who worships with his whole soul, to not alone augment snob virttoi u tie idol has, bat to impose upon it other virtues which it has cot. . , . . _ «■ j inform fd that you wish to see me. ifciv Mowbray," taid Doriaseat *& he entered that • gentleman's Bitting- room ©second time tnia CT"Ahf jes, Mr. Bormsen ! Will you kindly ibe ecated. After you htd left me some time ago I began to leaf I had been somewhat abrupt, ion will confess yoorandf, icy denr sir, that the iUud(Q* negfl of your communicrisi-'n ami its nature weru considering icy if iiorancfi of your claimfl upon my attefitioii—such u could cot 'foil to receive from a father, whose first thought is for his daughter's happiness, if not o. distinct refusal, yet such a modified tone of non- encouragement a# would negative any prtnumpfcion of ncquiesoenoa cn my pa it witUcmfc absolutely destroying" hope on yodrs, until X could make certain iuqmneB as »ngtii»r of commendable pn canUon." Christopher Dcrmseu's knowledge of the Eog liEh tongue had very greatly improved in the past winter, bat 'to bad yet to h-arn what could be done with it when the tff -rc was fairly made. However, though he could not himself have framed these sentences, yet he caught their purport very ^ dearly; *Amf to understand, Mr. LIca hrr.y, that yon did not intend, n short time ago, to distinctly and finally refuse me your consent 1" Mr. Mowbray opened hia eyes very widely. How surprised he was that any such interpretation could he put on his earlier words. "Oh, by no means, Mr. Dormsc-nl"' At.d then ^he thought it well to be facetious, and he. Bmilod in quite a confidential anfir,ngaging way. "Ah, my dear young friend, whtft I was at jour age such an interpretatiou would have burn the very last that'my warm desires would have suffered met® put upon language dieiiitel p iia.'y by a father's vrorldlyprudeccean.il that r.fi-ttioa wlsioli shrinks fromporting with a belovi d A1i," !ib con tinued,looking into the fire-wi-h a nirUi&liTogaEC;, "I am an Old-fmhioned genilerrm.', Mr. Doriseen, cs*yon ecc. . I cannot eaicin-.-ia the .subject of'the dleposatpf my daughter's h V-l wii.i-o.rt a pang". There were reasons why ibrms.a did nut care to ...naako-aoymzdibie'rept_v lu - ■ — 11 oof*, thrill we call'themT of a par-oik siogUuss of affection, but he could with gnat irutk MMovr bray that the rejrctioc <it his sti.'t—for to 1 " '-■* nndmstoodit—had only pr.a: poised ids overwhelmcdit. 411 euypoAV,j ycur Ja-isnsge ad mittedoX but one conslructi-.n;, Ur.-Mvali.-ay, but lean assure yon it did not uitl.. aitm n''." "I am delighted to h-r-r that ac-urancc of tie ahength of youraUa-diinoiit, Mr. Uoiui-un. Ttee aidour qi the young ii rtuvays nn attracUre object of oontemplatioti to iru.e > wlsusc hcrrtaage lias robbed of impetuous f; c, th- tugii firing in exchange perhaps a niinc r -- t.11;s di ptb of emotion. Ko ; sonselliS".-;,' in jonr uuncor when yon left my room piotiij-v-l me to u.;k inyrvlf 1 wbetbir I had not j ov^.. v iu i fin clement 1 of finality upon my worth, w!u«l> it v. as far from my purpose to imply. Thu have uil. c.e i ice Very ugrecjSy, Mr. iormsin, in tl.e fe'.v times we hnVe met, but I could not do oihcrwise than aW least sfftct inSiffereace to jour proposals, until-1 could IsSim that my daughter, Clara, should regard the matter with at least npt disfavour, and that in ! wmoro worldly point of view the consummation j ofsuch an engagement moukl be likely in all , rbspl- cts ta secure her £a!tu<T happiness; and her tappiseav, Mr. Dormatc, I do not need to remind yon, ie all I have to lire for." "Then am I to gather from what you aayn ow tome, Mr, Mowbray, that since I left this room yon have satisfied yhcrself upon these two points 1" " A—well—not—I should say—well yes, rir i tually, Mr. Dormsen, virtually. I should not Shave——" „ I "Too must forgive my interrupting you, llr. Mowbray, to say that what 1 have requested of you is your permusion to ask Mies Mowbray to be my wife. I do Dot wish anyone to plead my : cause with her or to bring any inflnenoe to boar upon her." There ws, a very conscious distrust 'of the cider gen.I man in his mind, which ! prompted ttissugges ion. And the limilration which l it put to his own action brought a throb of dis i tress to Mr. Mow brey. Sappnse, Clara, left to j herself, ehoaid dceline this offer, where would I be ha f However, there ivat nothing left now ' but to accept the situation as it was offered to 1 him, and he bowed with some degree of offended ? majesty as be went on, " 1 was about to aay, when, yon interrupt«l me and, as you will sec, without cause, Mr. D wraren, that X should not ■ have rroalled joa bat for the fear which pressed upon mo that you ::t lmvo interpreted my voids too hiishly. r.i.-s mi/ht be mifferlng from disappointment. <';■ '■»! p-y for cue in tMj rather selfish a_c," • ojj.tiouc-1 in a tone of roh.tid and nul..:: ' l cm so aensi liscly conrtiiiit.-l if..*. .sisf "r pain vt.i-i: 1 cai, t(-'.!• ve T. i-.v • . •-.tit '.-ura and .u-r ■ I couia • ot «ist «il'i mt' w" i j- f u jou to night, 1 , nil jufM'm'ng yon t1 ~t (ft i i. ou linger any otjrotirronmyia ifrait nn i , »•» i __ cauthK.& Tb"*ri£t, of cr' n»t' ' ' < i h * ' IXowcmld Do.ii m m c r . s*'r.n r or-« In grattfi 1 lb it.!, ft l'i - *i'! 1 111 n ef he felt, or \ b"t 11 i t I, ! . t i r u s then lie cvtJ c 11 f ' < • < ' t' " morrow ? 'lit i , i t - s vpstut'on invic.v r.f a v-1::; -ill iV . 1 1 ho prolfttbly ptv.er *:,>•=■- q-ii « -• >.... .. i..« daughter as whoa cd c r ■ iu:- m : •1 ■■ i day with b'-.;-: > f.su : - ' >iii he i .'if.v t3i-.it. i f) ■■■■. ■ "■ " i ■ I ra'Isfdctioii in well d.i'i..-, ■■■',. • t.ari long cti j. ■ t ifi. ci-fc ha-: I i'"'i :■ ' i " Aid ].« c -ntii.- • ! " I- : 1 " .'•*.* to ' i< '-1 i 'I 1" t -tf.-is 'i IV. i I - ' 7:1 : l '' •11, if, iu f rl i t.i.. r'vi-.- v.iiin L-, a ' : ■ 1. ■ f.-tru5' v.bj. I:.' i:.-. r. J-.d bi- i'1 i i'.'lH* 'fl r 1:1 i ~ , :>fh r.t ft.i--'v"! b t" c.j-.a n }ii. 1-iiip'.i- v. ii ii >0"3 ifcippc*'. lb-v.* ft will 1..-;a tie i» it \v.,r!d into wbidh .T-iliri tt'onl.iry Mowb.-ay'u ruiil wili go ^uite ufcked without the nugget ami without the worshippers it does not become toe simple chronicler to hmrd a couiectuwk ^ ^ sure, however, that by* wellguardedprovisicm of his will and testament, the monument to he uere ittor ereotefl to his oirthly remains will contain ma inscription which will comfort his disoJiil« to the inst generation, snd torcvCT present to tin r ripe imaginations a picture of Oitlr idol floatingea gdUerccloudi!, and always " feeling good -Strict trufh, however, compels me te state ttw« he felt best when, on the hrat of the following month, he realised that a very handsome bub had been.paid into Thorndon and San, bankers, on Ins account, that his maturing kUis had been promptly met, and that he was considerably richer tlua he ever had been before. # He also 'eUgood, very good, when he transferred hu balsooa to another house. He " felt good" when he gave his daughter a vary handsome wedding, and when he read the acoonnts of it afterwards m the morn ing papers. These ate the things which go to makeup the ohann of fife, over wludi one can think long and deUcionily, which nre delightful in anfccipaUon, deUghtfol inthe moment of actum, and delightful in retpospeefc-to some people. 4s for Percy Thorndon, he Reived, aa La t* drifted along back towards Pans, a letter from Mr. Buroick, which held not ouly a very great surprise for him,but offered no temptation to drift back to Rome agai|i- A. note from Miss Mowbray had already reached him, not those few impulsive lines, written under the first stress of her indigna tion, but a more reasonable, prudent, Mid maze calmly penned answer to his earnest plea for a better understanding.. But Olara Mowbray was as frank as he had begged her to be, ana there vras nothing left lor him to do but to keep on towards Eugland. mr n Then came this communication from Mr Bur dick, which I give nearly urlatim, making no apology for its length, and only wishing 1 ooulfl also reproduce the chirography. " My dear Thprndoa," it began, " I hope yon are not still looking for Marconti, because you am not likely to find him. He has gone, I think, where, from all accounts, even these ridiculous Human aqueducts would be popular.^ I want to finish with him first and have done with him for good and all, bo I will tell you how it happened! He went back to Capri. Hie friends will say that he repented of what be had done and went tank to rescue Dormsen. I think I know him better than to do him that injustice. Between yon Mid me there Is no need to dieenss his motives. »l eu then, he went bick. He prowled op to the Tim* borio. It was night and moonlight. He got as far as that little gate, you remember, that l broke open—and standing there alone with his own goal he heard a atop, tamed round and saw Christopher Dormsen just behind him. It enough to frighten him, wasn't it? Well item. It frightened himso that he fell against that little gate, which—lot me remind yon once again—I bad happily loft rather weak, and down he went about a thousand feet. So the devil got him at tat ova price. TJiat doesn't sound nice a fid polite, does it I Never mind 1 Sometimes 1 don't want to be nioo and polite. But about Christopher Dormsens ghost Ah, my dear Thorndon, I think I hear yon matter, ■What do I care for the crasy fancies of that wretch 1 * lint it wasn't Christopher 1 Dormsen a ghost, es it happens, but Christopher Dornteen himself. Now your disgust turns to >me ana yon say, 'This man has bad Bcrm-en pnthe brain for the pa6t two months, and is the real madman after alL' Well, all I can aay is, if I am wrong , about it, Olara Mowbray is going to marry a ghost j cometime next summer in Jjondon,und yoU will have achanoe to satisfy yourself by the avideaoo of your o wn senses, and f will do yon the Justice to eay, that I know no man less likely to be deceived, when he really Bees a thing, than leroy tbomdoQ, - , MKo! them» yon«ttdI foand looksdastoman- ; ingly like Christopher Dormsen—was Christo pher Dormsen'* twin brother bnt waa _ not Christopher Dorsmen. He deceived MarconU un fortunately, hut that was mot so very remarkable StepsTisw Maroonti had not seen the other often. He deceived us, probably because we only saw him in that dying condition and were predisposed to beUeve it was the man we knew, though I^Anot at jail prejsoedto say that we could have told them apart, if we had eeen them both alive and WeU. jfnst as singular mistakes as that hare happened befote, FT' Really the most remarkable thing about It all is, that we none of as knew that Dormsen had a brother. It was just one of those strange jfthyTinea that do occur (and yet are so strange that vreoall them miraoulous), that there had heed no pooaeion for Dormsen to mention that fact. When IfpoKe to him of this, b» thought that of obtuse nB jb&d; mentioned ^i« brotber, out in ircta bfl tiftd £mt to any one of us. They had been in Borne lApif^w then wpatated to meet AgBm UtM» ■fcfflfl will tell yon all the details whsn I see yon li}|'dtfi|!gftii. I am not good at writing letfcerSi and this tea longer one than I ever remember writing In my life before. ...» .. "Thereis one thing more, Chough, that 1 ought (to eay mere about. Miss Mowbray and Donmen are, as is very right ana proper, engaged to be mar* (tied, and are as happy a pair of -simple lovers ae jyen would care to eee. . I know you will beas toted bfsit'as I am, especially since (I mention jthl8 beoanse you care so mooh for these things •over here) he is tip-top aooiaHy? and has monsy; ;eBOUghtogive%er a new gown evwy day in the year if she Wants it, to the old gentlemen can > squander his wealth in Silver mines, or tWNew York Stock Exchange, if he chcokea to, without 'hurting her in the least. '■ 1 . | 1" Dormsen is writing you himself to thank yon jfor what.yon did for Iris brother, but he is not s likely, under the circumstances, to mention thte i other matter, so I have. He is a rather sensitive j fellow, by the way—and—well—eee here!—it will - ;do him a lot of good if you will sav, when yon •answer his letter, that yon have heard of hte ? engagement, and you very heartily and sincerely L congratulate him. I know you'll do it gladly, , though you'll abuse me for interfering again l but j then again, you see, I-kupwyou wouldn't be likely to do it if 1 didn't meprion it because it natarally wouldn't ooeur to yon.* And then X know your hart isn't breaking." As a matter of fact Percy Thorn<U>n became -en gaged tjie next season to a" lady who had been hmrd to declare-to an intimate^'lady friend of oouiue that the Only married life which seemed to her to bs in any way tolerable, would be one whese the husband and wife should require a fresh introduction to each other 6 very Morning. We mayaBsume, therefore, I tbfnk,-that fala-— or impudent intermeddling—had f of onoe resulted fin making foiir young heaite happy, instead of leaving two to misery. (2i> bccontinucel.") * iocmi man, you have been coming to my house almost every night during the whole winder, and bow all at once you become cool, and hardly speak to my daughter. \Vbut does -all this mesn? self!" The young man hesitated, and finally said in a seared sort of way: " I—I cable to your house during the winter, because " " Toung mant if yofflove my daughter, come out and Bay so.' " I came because —because 1 had no stove in my room, and I wanted to get warm." "Yon can just go to—to where it is hot without a st ovc," and the young man picked him self up out on the sidewalk. Tins Fashion in Jokss.—The plumber joke is rat ting r, littii- in:! of season, but it may be packed in camphor and will bo in style when the frcszes dome again. The roller skate joke is very popular and-is worn on all occasions, either with or wiihout'trim ming. The rich, editor joke dues not appear to pall upon the taste. It is quite becoming when worn with passementerie edging. Spring poetry 'jokes art undergoing a revival and are quite the au fait in recherche circles. With a waste basket orerskirt may be worn either morning or evening in tli« house. The voung-man-an<3-i,irl's-pa joke holds its own, and isVeallv one of the most popular and f.i-LkmaMe seen in jxdilc society. The mule joke is relegated'to the eonniioiier classes, aud may really be ratiwi.1 old imiiiuumi.'1 ■■ It irsliiHw-toiwi pu she rurM^isU-icts, ^djigeuis^MS^waAto^g^^me^TOjror In-the momingjdkeism^fnsuctLfavowriuiformmly, - but still kixmy insist hpon making it part of their daily wear. T'lie liver ' pgd : "joke has almost - dU oppKired. OocasionaUy, -however. It may be bcvp tied in with a knot df ribbon Unite prettily.: Tho honest politician joke is too decolette In tic popular. If eut high in the neck it might reign fur a brief season. The sleeping policeman joke had s. a:.y frii-ndsand bade fair to become courtly in its -t-i So. VjtiL it lacked tone said fgll into line with \- r 'hr.oi v styles. Puns nre popular with all classes. T' ■ v liiny tie worn as bangles, and in on infinite ■ s v i f vays. The boarding-house pie, hash or r « - fti-al; joke enjoys a periodical rotairxaTtcc 1 i-.s to rotate its original lustre. V. up properly it is still a favourite. The y ■ : u i-t-.".TK-l-i).n\yor;c joke dibv be worn on I vi-runc occasions, and is not altogether out of style, i't-i' f>-i.ittns in other lilies continue about the same i: pur i.tu report. Of course,with new demands come n-. (v supplies, and ihongh there is nothing entirely new. (le- old things are so ai tislically worked over licit they piles quite rcadltv for original designs.— j .l.te-e/ei.-ff Traveller. 