? MR. JOHN JOSEPH CHUBB WAS seated in a WOIKLII,'L.TOD room of his comfortable bouse in a suljurl. ot Melbourne tw nresents all the advantages ol easy and speedy with *. city, , lh a few of thefavou. able conditions of a rural residence, particular!} .uits ^ f i Z ^ h the thermometer standing at }(** in the shade," he mused. " Christmas without snow and without a haunted house- or a spectre of .jy ta - Whv n wood, reliable ghost would be the making ol a man here!» " Great Scot! what a novel y 1 Half-flcrown admission. The Haunted House. Real Old English Christmas ghost walks at midnight, promptly. Ivo deception. Inspection invited. Children in arms not admitted.'" , „ Jlr Chubb mapped out a playbill on a scrap of paper, and gazed upon hi, work with great admiration " There's millions in it <" he cried. " Millions ! One of those convincing spectres of English literature with icicles in its hair and long diaphonovisdrapenes. V, hew! An inspiration hadcome to .1 aim Chubb; it transfigured him • his hairbecame rigid ; liis jaw iell i a look of terror blended with the triumph depicted in his face. Risragfcooi his seat, he seized the lamp, and went from tlie room and up the stair with quaking limbs and wild eyes, but lull of determination. Entering his bedroom,he placed the lamp upon the dressing-table, and opened a large chest stanaing against the wall. After unlocking a secret drawer, he selected from amongst a number of oldfashiOJed trinkets a quaint and very old locket or medallion .lohn closed the chest again, aud then sat foi: a few moments gazing at a portrait upon the front of the strange relic. This was the picture of a hawKeved lantern-jawed old woman, whose pointed, elfin ears'poked up through the folds of her thick iron-grey hair On the back, tlie medallion bore tlie mark of a cross and over that a paculiar inscription m heiro- Lr'ivn'nics Chubb turned to the chest again, aud drew forth a piece of parchment, neatly folded. This bore a literal transcription of the symbols on the ancient trinket, as supplied only a year before by a famous Orientalist, aud read as follows :— " He of niv family and name. When"years two hundred shall have sped, Who honours me and knows my fame, And seeks a favour froui the dead, Let him, in faith, at midnight's hour. Willi dexter finger cross the sign, And his will be the right and power To bid a spirit of our line." A name and date followed this. Mr. Chubb was now very pale, and his hands trembled till he could scarcely hold the trinket. " It's worth a trial," be muttered between bis chatterin^ teeth "The two hundred years have passed, and there's a fortune to be made out of a legitimate ghost in this country. The people would flock to see it-they would pay for the privilege. By Jove, 111 chance the d U John Joseph looked at his watch. It wanted a few minutes to midnight, He turned the lamp out, and a broad shaft of pale, blue moonlight streamed into the room from the fan-light in the roof. Chubb « . » a terrible state of funk, but he persisted Taking tho medallion in his right hand, with his left finger lie rubbed the cross vigorously. The sign of the symbol burned out with a phosphorescent plow, and John Joseph Stopped. Trembling in every lmib, and greatly agitated in mind, lie watched tlie strange light gather into the centre of the cross, where it suddenly flared into n small, brilliant star, and as suddenly died out ; but at ihe same instant Chubb heard a rustling sound like that made by the wings of night birds, and he started back with a great cry, and fell over a chair into the corner, as a phantom in long, white draperies floated down the shaft of moonlight, and stood before him. He saw that it was the customary British Christina* ..host of the kind that walks in dark arbours or patrols Tlie balcony with measured step, giving intimations oi deaths and other disasters. There were a few icicles clin«in<r to it here and there, and many flakes of snow dittoed upon its garments, but these were rapidly melting under the influence of the Australian elimaM, Don't lie there, glaring like an idiot, remarked (lie ghost, presently, in a tliin, metallic voice, " you give me the creeps!" Chubh got up and groped his way to a chair. Deuce take you ! let's have a light and something to drink !" continued the voice, more impatiently. Chubb obeyed mechanically, and placed a bottle of Chablis and a glass before liis spectral guest. The ghost took a big drink, and then drew a chair forward, and eat down, breathing heavily. . " Whatever made you call your old grand-uncle into death of me!' " My grand-uncle ?" cried John Joseph. " Why, he was a sixteen stone man!" " True," responded the spook, " but there's no room for sixteen-stoue ghost®—no demand for them either. We're always condensed, my boy. Hut you wanted me." " Yes," said Chubb, who "was rapidly getting over his dread of the ghost. " Yes, 1 have use tor you in a little business transaction." " Business!" piped the ghost. " I hate business! Who ever heard of a ghost in business ? Ghosts in literature and politics, but never in business. What're vou going to do—float me into a liability concern, or set. me to spy out trade secrets and prophesy rises in shares ? 'Twon't do, I tell .vou: it is not my forte, I am a Christmas annual or nothing." " Oh, you'll soon tumble to my idea," said Chubh, soothingly. "You see, we have no regular, reliable ghosts in this country.'' " Should think not," interrupted the spook. "How could you expect anything short of a demon to stand this infernal heat? Say, haven't you a little ice with this Chablis ?" John produced the last fragments of hie ice, and continued: " What I want is to set you up in the show business. Yon must haunt this house, and haunt it persistently. 1 will make the fact known, advertise it- in the amusements columns if necessary, and arrange a private exhibition for the Press, and eventually charge half-acrown admission for the privilege of seeing you." The spectre of Mr. Chubb's grand-uncle groaned dismally. " Tlrnt means a long job," he said, and the climate will ruin my fine constitution. Consider -what you are doing, my dear boy, bringing a decent phantom from the Ice and snows of an EnglUh winter to stew m the midst of an Australian summer. Besides, John, the Lancashire branch of our family will be expecting me. I have never missed spending Christinas with them for ' U a n' t'beb e 1 p e d," said John Joseph; " you'll have to do me this little favour." The spectre groaned again. _ •• You'll be forced to keep me on ice, he whined. Anyhow, I'll go now. I can't stand this stifling atmosphere. Turn down the light, aud I'U resume my draperies and take a turn round to sec if I caunot find a cool shop to rest iu. Meanwhile if you are determined on keeping me here you'd better have a refrigerating chamber erected." 'Twas not long after the arrival of the Chubb family ghost ere John Joseph had succeeded in attracting almost general attention to his suburban home, and won it a reputation as a haunted house. The place -was well suited for ghostly visitants. It was very old-fashioned for an Australian house, and was surrounded with shrubbery and tall dark gums. John Joseph displayed wonderful energy in working up the sensation. He had a high corrugated fence built around the house, in order to ward off too curious sightseers and preserve theprivaey of tlieghost.andheinducedallthepapers to print-accounts of the phantom's actions, and to discuss the matter in their leading articles; hut the trouble the spirit gave him proved a terrible strain. Tlie heat of the night upon which John was first introduced to the ghost had severely taxed the latter's powers, but the sultry atmosphere of the subsequent days completely prostrated it at times, and the expense of providing iee to keep it fresh had almost ruined Chubb. But John was determined not to spoil his opportunity by throwing open his show to the public before the time was ripe. He arranged a magnificent ghost's walk, a full view of which could be obtained from the largest room in the house, which room had been fitted up to hold a big audience. Here Chubb compelled the ghost of his lamented relative to rehearse. The reheaisals were not full dress. " You can't expect a British Christmas spectre to go about in his clothes with the thermometer at ninety degrees," argued the ghost. The public ivon't stand a ghost with no clothes on," said Chubb, "especially such a harmless-looking, ridiculous spectre as you are. You must wear the orthodox long, white garments, and float in the air so as to look tall and convincing. Low-comedy spectres are well enough in pantomime, but this is going to he a highclass Bbow." , The spectre admitted that it. would be undiguitied and a blow to his self-complacence to have to appear in public without his clothes, but meanwhile the climate was reducing bun to the ghost of his former self. Ho perspired like a water- cart, a.'.vi bis cherubic embonpoint wns entirely gone. He fretted for the snow -covered fields, the icicles and the chilling Masts of the British winters. • Chubb did all within hispowev to make the ghost comfortable. He established it in the cellar, which he kept well stocked with ice, and provided a cool retreat in the garden near the running water, where it could sit in the evenings and be fanned by a boy hired for that purpose. The ghost was quite invisible to all eyes but Chubb's, excepting when John willed otherwise, a.ud as this ho.v could never see that lie was fanning anything he concluded that Chubb was a. harmless and profitable lunatic, and spread a report to that effect, and the unemployed were continually calling upon John Joseph with oilers to fan his backyard, or his hen-house, or his wood heap, at reduced rates. At length public excitement was worked up to the crucial pniut, and Chuhb had fixed the night before Christmas-eve for a private exhibition of liu Yuletide ghost to the press, a number of gentlemen interested in spiritualism, and many persons prominent in politics and the. professions. Hy this time the ghost appeared to bo almost done up, the sun had literally fried the spirit out of bin), and his native good humour and -what vjas a robust constitution, for a ghost, had melted away, and oosed through his porpoise- hide cuticle in the form of oil, and he was the most woe-begone and heart- broken spectre in the business. Grubb had parted with his last penny, and could no longer keep his grand-uncle's ghost on ice, although the bov with the fan was still active. The day prior to the initial s'ance proved a regular brickfielder, the north wind passed over the suburb like veritable Haines from Hades, and the night was close, heavy and oppressive, but the invited guests turned up at the appointed time, full of curiosity, and quite prepared for something very extraordinary. Grubb arranged his guests so that each should enjoy an uninterrupted view of the ghost's walk, and in a lecture made up largely of extracts from English Christmas literature explained, the nature and characteristics of his ghost. When the watches indicated the hour of midnight the side of the rooin was thrown open amidst deep silence aud no little apprehension. John Joseph Grubb stood apart, and gave the signal. He rubbed the medallion twice. A gust of wind passed over the house and the shrubberies, and a weird, moaning sound was heard m Ihe air. The guests trembled and sat closer. Presently footsteps were heard approaching, followed by a sound like the dripping of water. Grubb looked towards tlie audience to note the impression. A ghostly light appeared at the far end of the shrubbery, and enveloped in that supernatural glow the ghost approached with measured steps and slow. The audience stared in silence for a second or two, then it hurst out into a unanimous roar of merriment, and laughed till clothes burst and buttons broke. Some of the more impressionable guests rolled off their seats, and had fits on the floor, whilst others lay back in the chairs, gripped their sides and kicked vigorously. Grubb turned and glared. The ghost had neglected to assume i's draperies, and as it strode by with steps intended to be imposing and majestic it looked simply a wildly-comical little goblin, an entravagantly grotesque elf such as the imagination of the most imaginative pantomime property man had never pictured, and it was so terribly shrunken and miserable and farcical that a boardingschool miss could not have beheld its air of depression and its little crinkled legs and mournful countenance without being moved to intemperate mirth. It was not awful enough to scare a superstitious lieathen. John Joseph, regardless of the respectability of bis audience, uttered a fearful imprecation, and rushed at his tame ghost. It plunged amongst the shrubs, and eluded him. For fully an hour he pursued it, hurling maledictions in its u'ake, aud frothing at the mouth in his great rage. At last he cornered it in the cellar, where it fell to the floor in a state of collapse. Without the ice the cellar was close aud muggy. " Here's a pretty mess!" shrieked the 'ghost-tamer. ' A howling'absurditv you've made of yourself, you miserable little wretch! You've ruined mo, you spiritual idiot, ruined me, d' ye hear ? The public will never catch on to you as a genuine, high-minded, old-time English ghost after this lunatic exhibition ! You've thrown away your opportunities! A ghost never had a better chance, and you waste it to satisfy your vulgar low-comedy instincts. I'm ruined—done for! Why, in the name of all that's fiendish, didn't you put 011 your diaphonous draperies, you immortal jackass ?" " Couldn't do it," piped the ghost, feebly. " Couldn't wear a stitch such weather as this. Can't you see I am done for, as it is? I'm succumbing to beat apoplexy or something. John, yon have laid the old family spectre—I give up the ghost!" The Epook's voice had gradually become weaker and weaker, and its proportions faded to a mere membrane, and, like the baseless fabric of a vision, it disappeared. Whilst Grubb was still gaping in amazement at the grease spot on the floor all that remained of his family ghost, the cellar darkened suddenly, strange cries filled the air, there came a flash like lightning, and a terrible vision, the exact counterpart of the old witch on the locket, hovered ov«'r him. " Cursed mortal!" hissed the visitant; " how bast thou misused iby power! Prepare for the ghost's vengeance'." An agonising chill struck to the heart of John Joseph Grubb, his blood turned to solid ice in his veins, and he fell on his face on the stone floor. In this position he was found two hours later, frozen and still, covered with icicles, and quite powerless. Ho was restored with extreme difficulty, and will never again attempt to naturalise the English Christmas ghost in the Sunny South. 