PROTEC?TION FOR THE FARMIER?. (To the Editor of the Evening Penny TPost.) Sn,-It is a fact our Parliament has imposed the duty on wheat and flour, which some farmers are foolish enough to think will raise the price of their wheat by Gd per bushel. Supposing it does, they have not considered what extra duties they will have to pay. With your permission I will now enumerate a few. By the daily papers received this morning I see that IMr. George Reid moved on Thursday night that the following be added to the free list, and it was carried against him by a majority of 20, and amongst those 20 are the following names, viz.: lesrse. Roee (Argyle), Coell (Yaess), O'Sullivan (Quoanbeyane), Slattery (Burrowa), Miller and Dawson (Cooma). Braidwood in not representedeon the division. The items that were carried by the votes of those members named weroe-agriculturat implements and machinery of all kinds, clothing or materials for making the same, kitchen utensils and crockery, tarpanulins, woollens and blankets, ?c., jo., go. These are a few of the things the farmers will have to pay the duty on now, and I ask can the farmer do without his plough, harrow, thresher, stripper, winnower, hie clothes, tarpauline, or hie pots and pans, cups and saucers, or his blankets in the winter ? I don't think anyone will say he can, and now he will have his 18 per cent., if not more, to pay on all these for the future, under the delu sion that he will get de extra per bushel on his wheat. As I pointed out in my lasot they have carefully placed on the free list some items the wealthy are well able to pay fore, and many articles the working man cannot very well do without are well salted by the imposition of duties, in some cases over 60 per cent. For the information of those concerned I trust you will publish the list of names on the division alluded to on Thursday night, as I only give the names of those representing the electorates around ourselves. To show how far some men will go, it was pro. posed to add the word bread to the free list, but the protectionist element, including fourteen labour members, were too strong, and it was not added, while Mr. O'Sullivan is reported to have said " Bread should be on the 10 per cent. list eas well as biscuits." Here is actually the " staff of life," should it be imported, subjeec to a duty. Are the workers eatiefied such should be so? I suppose we mey coneider we will have to put up with the creature protection until the next general election, when the electors will have the chance of speaking out. If they then by their votes return a majority in favour of protection I am sure freetraders will rest satisfied that the majority of the people wish such, and will remain content; but under present circumstances we have just cause to complain, for these duties have been imposed by treachery, and especially by those it was least expected from. We freotradore wished to allow the necessaries of life to be free, as well as such articles and imple ments as ploughs, harrows, &e.;, and raise our revenue from the land. It has not been so accom. plished, and the protectionists have to congratulate themselves on carrying their point, and obtained the promise from the Ministry if they remain in power that they will also impose a land tax in addi. tion. When this is accomplished it will enoable the protectionists and all others to find out which were their friends and which were their enemies, and a year or two of ouch a policy I have reason to believe will be sefficient to convince them. Thanking you in anticipation, I am, yours truly, WILLIAM AFFLEOIIK. 6th February, 1892. The atmosphere in the neighbourhood of the metropolis was not favourable to obser vations being made of Venus and Jupiter in conjunction, but fine views of the phenome non were obtained from Lismore, Grafton, and other places. Hot weather is reported by several coun try correspondents. At Braidwood, bow ever, a heavy fall of rain was experienced on Friday night. Rain also tell at Clifton. Hobart, Saturday.-The Launcestors Gas. Company has declared 'a dividend of 12J per cent., and has reduced the price of gas to 6ss8d per sooft. Vain Hope won the Canterbury and Welter Handicap, Marque the Hurdle Race, Oxenham the Flying Handicap, Mormon the Park Stakes, and Pickwick the Selling Race at Canterbury Park Races on Saturday. A boy named Arthur Nicholson was thrown while exercising a horse sit Cauilfield on Sunday and sustained injuries from which he subsequently died. At a meeting of shearers in Bourke on Friday night a motion was passed supporting Mr. Rae's action in reference to the vote of condolence on the death of the Duke of Clarence. The meeting was convened by the leaders of the Shearers' Union. Melbourne, Sunday.-A batting record was made on the Back Creek Grounid yes terday, when Bendigo United beat Harcourt, who scored 58. Bendigo lost six wickets for 605. George Mackay scored 189; Angus Mackay, nt8; and George Aliday, i25, not out. The wicket was very fast and the score was made in tour hours. A prisoner in the Bendigo gaol assaulted a warder on Friday by breaking a stool over his head. Two fatal lift accidents have occurred at an hotel in Chancery-lane, Melbourne. By one, on Friday morning, the licensee, Wil liam Ware, was killed; and by the other, at midnight on Friday, a lodger named George Francis, a mining surveyor, met his death. There is every likelihood of a stoppage of shipments of Victorian butter to England owing to the dissatisfaction of the local growers with the way in which the product is placed on the London market. The Dora Dora blacks are now supposed to be on the Bellinger. Steps have been taken in Adelaide with a view to repressing Sunday trading by storekeepers. Lord Tennyson ia said to be much interested in the ghost story, by Mrs. Brotherton, which appears In the first number of the Victorian Magazine. Hten has repeatedly had tie story read to hIu, and it Is thought they he may possibly put itirote verse. Mr. A. H, Moore says that the Sydney wool salns thifs year will be 260o,ooo bales, the amount having been doubled in five yearn, 