MA NX ER I SilS. gUEKK TRICKS OK »BEAT PERSONAGES. Luug before the expiration of thu period of mourning ordered by the Czar for his sister in-law, the Inte Grand Duchess Paul, the official Gazelle of St. Petersburg will be called upon (writes " Ex-Diplomatist " in tho JVVio lark Tribune) to record another demisein thc Imperial family of Russia. Thc Grand Duke Constantine Nicolaicwitch, brother of thc late Emperor, is now lying at thc point of death. Every vertigo of that remarkable intellect which in days gone by won for him tim repu- tation of being the most clever and en- lightened Prince in Christendom, hus disap- peared, and to-day the wreck of both mind and body is so complete that only the feeblest spark of life remains. Its final extinction is merely a matter of a few weeks at the utmost. Like every other human creal uro, be he prince or peasant, the Grand Duke hos little tricks of manner-what tim French term "un tic"-that were peculiarly his own. Thc most unique of them all was certainly his method of "jumping" his monocle into his eye. He used to wear the glass dangling at tile end of un exceedingly thin, clastic cord, and whenever he fell into the hands of one of those prosy old bores « ho constitute the bug- bear of imperial and royal personages, tie would give thc elastic an imperceptible twitch which would scud the glass shooting upward, right into its very place in his eye. He merely elevated his eyebrow in the very slightest manner to receive it, leaving every other muscle of the face of the body unmoved. This peculiar little manoeuvre, which I have never eecn practised by anyone else, in- variably had thc result of causing thc person speaking tb the Grand Duke to stop short in the middle of his sentence and to lose entirely the thread of thc discourse. Not having noticed thc little twitch given to thc cord, the man was unable to account for the singular way in which the glass shot up right into thc Grand Duke's eye, and the cool and unconcerned manner in which His Imperial Highness received it hud ordinarily the effect of completing thc upset of his interlocutor's equanimity. Still ware disconcerting was the habit of tho late Prince Napoleon-surnamed " Pion Pion "-of yawning about thrice in the space ot every five minutes, no matter who the person was that was talking to him at the time. Although no great observer of the ordinary conventionalities and amenities of lifo in other respects, the prince made a point J of always covering his mouth with his hand when he yawned. But the result was the same. For the yawuB of the prince had the almost invariable effect of setting the person speaking to him off yawning as well ; and as at lost every yawn of the prince became followed by a responsive yawn on the part of his interlocutor, the conversation grew some- what disjointed, and thc sight of tuc two men yawning in each other's faces every two minutes extremely funny. Exasperating is the only word' that can be applied to the trick of the late Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria, of biting his nails down to the very quick, while listening to any re- marks that were being addressed to him. He did it unconsciously, and often have I observed him putting up his right band to his mouth as soon as ever he had finished speaking what bc had to say. As in the case of Prince Napoleon with bis yawns, ;he waa unable to refrain from biting his nails, even on the most solemn and stately occasions ; and no matter who it was that happened to be talking to bim. To strangers, at any rate, the " tic " of the Prince of wales is somewhat disconcerting. About once in every minute and a half the lid of the righteye drops completely over the ball. Thc eye remains closed for the spaoe of about a second, and then suddenly opens again to its fullest extent, no other feature of thc face having moved meanwhile. People who see the Prince for tho first time are tempted to believe that ho is deliberately winking at them, an impression whkh is strengthened by the Prince's reputation of geniality toward men and gallantry toward women. Of course, however, there is no such intention on the port of the Prince, and the wink ia altogether involuntary, thc result of a " tic nerveux." It, however, sometimes bas the effect of causing tba persons who are either talking to him or listening to his conversation to start oft blinking iu response, especially when they happen to bc people of nervous temperament ; and the spectacle of the two gravely winking at one another every minute or two is not without its humorous features. Archduke Louis Victor, the younger brother of the Emperor of Austria, bas the most irri- tating trick of continually snapping the fingers of his right hand while he is talking to a person, especially if he is any way animated. I suppose that it is due to nervousness more than to anything ebie ; bul when one Boes bim thus snapping his fingers with his arm ex- tended at an anclo of about forty-five decrees from. Ilia body, one is apt to become sufficiently exasperated to loug to give bim a good shak- ing. I may odd that there is a well known and philanthropic newspaper proprietor in a city within a few hours' distance from New York who has a trick of manner that is some- what similar to that of the Archduke. Only instead of snapping his fingers, he devotes Ilia superfluous energy to catching imaginary .flies. No matter what his topic of con- versation, or bow bitterly cold the weather, he will swoop his right hand through the air, and suddenly close it as if the fly was caught. Hu will then carefully open it, of course without (hilliup even the ghost of any insect. No disappointment, however, is dis- cernible on bin benignant features; and a minute later ho is aa actively engaged in his Seculiar chase us over. This strange taste for y-hunting appears to have boen shared by the father of the present liing of Bavaria, and it is related at Munich that one day, wheu two of his Cabinet Ministers culled upon him with a draft of ii nuw law for which tlioy required his approval and signature, they found him seated in bis arm-chair with nn open book on his knees. Atter reading the statute to his Majesty, the Ministers stood for a long time silently waiting for an uuswur. At length, i when their patience was nearly exhausted, the King suddenly closed his hook with a bang, [und exclaim'!'!, with n look of unutterable triumph ; " I have got hun ! I have got him I" He hail caught aud criushcd a fly. Reference to tliiB story may serve us an excuse for alluding to the queer fad of the present monarch of Bavaria, thc mad King Olin. His insanity appears lo have taken thc form of nu illusion chat he is a stork. In ono of the inii^niricciil apartments devoted to bis uso al thc Palace of Fuisteiiricti, ho has laboriously eoiiMtructml u gigantic (lost, every stick anil straw of which he has conveyed to thc spot in hi« moui h. lu that nest he suuats almost thc entire day willi feathers stuck in his -oug, thick hair ami beard, while ho challéis in imitation nf thu " clappering " of a nUtrk whenever anyone approaches. Occa- sionally, too, ho Htunds nu on« leg gizing valiantly straight bufore him, while at other limes he sUlliR gravely about just ill the same manner thal he has seen Ilia long-beaked, long-legged, hirds du. Archduchess Marie Theresa, tho future Empress of Austria, and a woman well nigh as lovely us tho présent Empress, has a funny little way of twisting a loose little curl of hair iver her left temple when reading or absorbed In thought. A person addicted to the trick of pulling hi« eollar about a» if it incommoded him, is Baron von Schaeffer, who for so mtuy years was stationed as Austrian Envoy at I Washington. | Both Emperor William and King Humbert have the habit of twisting their moustaches, the difference between the two sovereigns consisting in tho fact that whereas the Italian monarch strokes his with deliberation, the German Kaiser twists his withs brusque, quick, and jerky movement, which threatens to tear it but by its roots. Emperor Francis Joseph of AuBtria leaves his moustache alone, and contents himself with softly stroking his snow-white whiskers. The' Crar has a peculiar way of passing his right hand over the top of his head when absorbed, and il may be that his baldness is due to his having worn thc hair off iu so doing. Much more could bc written on the subject of these little tricks and mannerisms of im- perial and royal personages which possess a certain interest, inasmuch as they furnish an almost invariably true indication of character. Indeed, the study thereof appears to me to be infinitely more entertaining than graphology, palmistry, phrenology, or, indeed, any of the other analogous sciences. 