%-xh$ mi Jftefebesi. [now first published. J H TEE LAYS OE THE HOTIirY. A MILITARY NOVEL. BY G. A. HENTY. Author of 'The Curse of Game's Hold,' 'A Hidden Foe,' tc [all bights reserved.] Doctor Wade was sitting in the verandah, smoking and reading an English paper tliat had arrived by that morning's mail* when Isobel returned, ** Good morning, Doctor, is ancle back ?' ' Not yet. He told me he might be half aa-hour late and that I was to come round ejjd amuse you until he came back.' ' So in my absence you have been amusing yourself, Doctor. I have been round at Mrs. Hunter's, she is going to have a jaggler there this evening, and we are all to go- ' ' Yes, I got a chit from her this morning. I have teen scores of them, but I make a point of never missing an exhibition when I get the chance. I hate anything I don't understand, and 1 go with the faint hope of being able to find things out, though I know perfectly well that I shall not do so.' ' Then you think it is not all quite natural. Doctor.' *' I don't say it is not natural, because we don't know what all the natural laws arc, but I say that some of the things I have seen certainly are Dot to be accounted for by any thing we A? know. It is not often that the jugglers show their best tricks to the whites, they know that, as a rule, we ate altogether sceptical, but I have seen at native conrts.snore than once the most astounding things ; tilings absolutely incomprehensible and inexplicable. I don't suppose we are going to see anything of that sort to-night, though Mrs. Hunter said in her note that they had beard from the native servant (bat this tna.n was & famous one. ' There is a sect of people in India, I don't mean a caste, but a sort of secret society, who, I believe, claim to be able by some sort of influence to suspend altogether the laws of nature. I do not say that I believe them ; as a scientific man, it is my duty not to believe them, bat I have seen such things done by some of the higher -class of jugglers, and that under cir**nrastaTif^1s that did not seem to admit of the possibility of deception, that 1 am obliged to suspend my judgment, which, as you may imagine, my dear, is exceedingly annoying to me ; bat some of them do possess to a considerable extent what the Scotch call second sight, that is to say, the power of fore seeing certain events in the future. Of that I am morally certain, I have seen proofs of it over and over again. ** For example, once an old fakir whom I bad cured of a. badly ulcerated limb, came up just as I was starting on a shooting expedition. '*Do not go out to-day,' be said. 'I foresee evil for you. I saw you last night brought back badly wounded. ' '* ' But if I don't go your dream will come wrong,' I said. ' He shook bis head. ''You will go in spite of what I say, * he said, ' add you trill suffer and others too,1 and he looked at a group of shikaris who were standing together, ready to make a start. ** ' How many men are there,' he said. ** * Why six of course,' I replied. ' ' I see only three,' he said, and three dull spots. Oneof those I see is holding his match lock on his shoulder, another is exaroinin' bis priming, the third is sitting down by the fire. Those three will come back at the end of the day, the other three will not return alive. ' ** I felt rather uncomfortable, but I wasn't as I said to myself — I was a good deal younger then, my dear — such a fool as to be deterred from what promised to be a good day's sport ty such nonsense as this — and I went. ** We were going after a rogue eleph 7t the natives' plantations. We found him, ami a savage brute he turned out to be. He moved just as I fired, and though I hit him it was not on the fatal spot, and he charged right down among us. He caught tlie very three men the fakir said were doomed and dashed the life out of them ; then he came at me. The bearer had run off with my second pnn, and he seized me and flung me up in ihe air. ' I fell in a tree, but broke three of my ribs and one of my arms ; fortunately, though the beast tried to get at me, I was out of his reach, and the tree was too strong for him to knock down. Then another man who was with me came up aud killed him, and they got me down and carried me liack, and I was weeks before I was about again. That was something more than a coincidence I think. There were some twenty men out with us, and just the four he had pointed out were hurt and no others. ?' I have seen scores of other cases in which these predictions have come true, especially in cases of disease ; though I grant that here the predictions often bring about their own ful filment. If a native is told by a fakir or holy man that he is going to die he makes no struggle to live. In several cases I h-ive scon natives whose deaths have been predicted die without, as far as my science could ttill me, any disease or ailment whatever that should have been fatal to them. They simply sank— died \ should say from pure fright. Slut putting aside this class, I liave seen enough to convince me that some at least among these fanatics do possess the power of second sight.' ** That is very extraordinary, Doctor ; of coarse, I have heard of second sight among cerLain old people in Scotland, but I did not believe in iu' ' 'I should not have believed ip it if I had iia.tura.lly have been, interested in it and have read pretty well every tiling that lias l-een written about second sight among the High landers, and some of the incidents arc so well auUienticated that I scarcely see how they we may call primitive people there are certain intuitions or instincts, call them what you like, that have been lost by civilised people. *' The power of scent in a dog is something &o; vastly beyond anything we can even imagine possible, that though we put it down to instinct it is really almost inexplicable. Take the case that dogs have been known to have been taken railway journeys oE many hundred miles and to have fouud their way home again on foot. There is clearly the possession of a power wliich in to us abso ' But here comes your uncle, he will think But Major Hannay was too occupied with his own thoughts to notice IsobvL 'Has anything gone wrong, Major?' the Doctor asked as he saw his face. ' I have just learnt,' the Major said, ** that some more chupaties were brought last night. It is most annoying. I have cjuestioned several of the native officers and they profess the meaning of them. I wish we could get to the bottom of this thing, it keeps the troops in a ferment. If I could get hold of one of be knew, even if I had to roast him to make him tclL' ' My dear uncle,' Isobel said, reprovingly, *'I am sure yon don't mean what you say.' ' I don't know,' he said, half laughing. ' I should certainly consider myself perfectly justified in taking uncommonly strong steps to try to get to the Ijottom of this business. The tbin£ is going on all over India, and it must mean something, and it is all the worse if taken in connection with this absurd idea about the greased cartridges. I grant that it was an act of folly greasing them at all, when we know the idiotic prejudices the natives have, still it could hardly have been forseen that this stir wonld have been. made. The issue of the cartridges has been stopped, bat when the natives once (jet an idea into their minds it is next to impossible to disabuse them of it. It is a tiresome business altogether.' ** Tifien ready, sahib,' Humzao interrupted, coniinff out on. to the verandah. ' That is right, Rnmzan. Now, Isobel, let us think of more pleasant subjects.' ing, uncle,' Isobel said, as she sat down. ?? There is coine to be a famous jnceler there. There is a note for you from Mrs. Hunter on the manteL' ' Very well, my dear ; some of these fellows are well worth seein?. Bath are t is coming in to dinner. I saw him as he was startinc this morning, just as he was going down to the lines, and he accepted. He said he should be able to get back in time. However, I don't suppose he will mind going round with us. I hope you will come. Doctor, to make up the table. I nave asked the two boys to come in.' 41 1 shall have to become a permanent boarder at your establishment, Major. It is really useless my keeping a cook when I am in here nearly half my time. But I will come. I am off for three days to-morrow. A go out to rid them of a tiger that has estab lished himself in their neighbourhood, and that is an invitation that I never refuse if I can possibly manage to raake time for it. Fortunately everyone is so healthy here at present, that I can be very well spared. ' At dinner the subject of juggliug came np again, and the two subalterns expressed their opinion strongly that it was all humbug. 'Doctor Wade believes in it, Mr. Wilson,' Isobel said. ' You. don't say so. Doctor ; I should have thought you were the last sort of man who would have fteltcved in conjurors. ' 'It requires a wise man to believe, Wilson,' me Doctor said: 'any fool can si-ofT, the much sense as I have,' which is douWtfut you may be less positive in your ideas, H vou can call them ideas.' 'That is one for me' \ViUnn paid good humouredly, while t he others laughed. ' Well, I have never seen them. Doctor, except those fellows who come round to the ve.ca.ndah, ami I have seen conjurors at home do ever so much better tricks than they do.' 'What do you think of them,' Mr. Bathurst?'' Isoliel asked. 'I suppose vou have seen some of the better sort T 'I do not know what to think of them. Miss Hannay. I used to be rather of Wilsons opinion, but I have s?oeu. things since that I could not account for at all. There was a ' Mrs HunlCT sai.l tint the girls haj ln-) no opportunity of seeing a. pood conjuror since they can ic out, Mr. LJatiiurst. I suppose thev did not know this tii3.ii you arc speaking of being here V ' He was only here for a few hours. Miss Hannay. I had happened to meet him before, and he gave me a private pcrfomiiiuM, whicli was quite uinVrent to anvthmg | have ever seen, though I ha,] often heard of the feats he had performed. I u as so impressed with them tha.1 I can assure yon ihat for a few days I had great difficulty iu keeping my linod upon my work.' 11 What did he -lo, Mr. Ratliurst ?' Bathurst related the feat of the disappearing girL ** She must have jurope*! down when you were not looking,' Richards said, with au air 'Possibly,' Bathurst replied, quietly. i ' Rut as I was witltin three or four yards of the pole, and it was perfectly distinct iu the ght of ray lamp, and as I certainly saw her air, I tl«-u.'t see liow she can liave inaiiiLgctl iu For even supposing she could have sprung I sliould°not have heard 'her.' ^^ *** Y ' Still, if she did not come down that way how could she have come?'' Wilson said. 'That is exactly what I can t make out, ' Bathurst replied. ' If it should happen to l-c th? same man and he will do the same thing again I fancy you will be aa much puzxlud as I was.' After dinner was over the party walked short time the other officers, their wives, and all the other rts?i(\ents at the station, were assembled. Chairs were placed in the veran dah for the ladies, and a number of lamps hung on the wall, so that a strong light was thrown upon the ground in front of it ; in addition, four posts had been driven into the ground some twenty feet from the verandah. os/A lamps »nl \«en fastened upon them. ' I don't know whether the juggler will like that,' Mr. Hunter said, 'and I shan't light them if he objects. I don't think myself it is qnitc fair having a light behind him ; still, if he agrees, it will be hardly possible for him to make the slightest movement with Thc juggler, who was sitting round at the other side of the house, was now called up, he and the girl who followed him salaamed deeply, and made au even deeper bow to Bathurst, who was standing behind Isabel's ' Yob must have paid them well, Bathurtt,' Major Haunay said. 'They have evidently a lively remembrance of past favours. I suppose they are the same you were talking about ?' 'Yes, they are the same peop'e. Major.' Then he said, in the native dialect to the juggler, ' Mr. Hunter has put some posts with lamps behind you, Rujub, but he hasn't lit them because be did uot know whether ' They can be lighted, sahib. My feats do not depend on darkness. A ny of the sahibs who like to stand behind us can do so if they do not come within the line of those posts.' ' Let as go out there,' Wilson said to Richards when the answer was translated ; ' we will light the lamps ; and we shall see better there than we shall here.' The two went round to the other side and lit the lamps, and the servants stood a short distance off on either aide. The first trick shou-n was the well-known mango trick. The juggler placed a seed in the ground, poured some water upon it from a lota, and covered it with a cloth. In two or three minutes he lifted this, and a plant four or five inches high was seen. He covered this with a tall basket, which he tirst handed round for inspection. On removing this a mango tree some three feet high, in full bloom, was seen. It was again covered, and when the basket was removed it was seen to be covered with ripe fruit, eliciting ex clamations of astonishment from those among the spectators who bad not before seen the trick performed. 'Now, Wilson,' the I-octor said, 'perhaps yon will be kind enough to explain to us all how this was done ?' ' I have no more idea than Ada.ni, Doctor.' ' Then we will leave it to Richards. He promised as at dinner to keep his eyes well open.' Richards made no reply. ' How was it done, Mr. Bathurst ? Itseems almost like a miracle.' 'I am as ignorant as Wilson is, Miss and I have seen it done a score of times. Ah ! now he is going to do the basket trick. Don't be alarmed when yon hear the girl cry out. Vou may be quite sure that she is not hart. The father is deeply attached to her, and would not hart a hair of her head.' Again the usual methods were adopted. The oasket was placed on the ground and tbe pirl stepped into it, without the pretence of fear usually exhibited by tbe performers. Before llie trict began. Major Hannay said to Captain Doolan ; ** Come round with me to the side of those boys. I know the first myself on the juggler, aud WiUon is a hot heaiied boy, aud is likely as nor to do so. If he did the man would probably go off in a luitf and show us not bin £ tuorv. Kroin v liat DiLthurst said we aro likely to see something As soon as the lid was put down, an appartmlv aiigrv colloijuy took place between the japgle'r and die girl inside. Presently the man appeared to become enraged, and snatch ing up a lon-*, straight sword from the ground, run it three or four times through the basket. A loud shriek followed the nrs't thrust, and then all uassik-n:. Some of the ladies rose to their feet with a. cry oF horror, Isobel amonj; them. Wilson ami Richards both started to rush forward, lint wvrc s«i*;.l l-y thg collars bv the Major and Captain Dorian. 'Will you open the basket ?' the jupgler said quietly lo Mrs. Hunter. As she had' seen the trick before she stepped forward vvitluuu hesitation, opened ihe lid of the basket, and said, ' It is empty.' The juicier look it aud held it up, bottom upwards. 'What on earth has Wonie of the riri *' Wilson exclaimed. As lie spoke she passed between him and Richards back to her fathers side. 'Well, I am dashed.' WUson mnnnnred. '? I uould not hare Miurvd it if fifty people had sworu to me they h-id Pcen it.' He was Doctor sarcastically said — ?*\Vu are waiting for your explanation, pentlemen. Will you ask him. Major,'. Richards said, as he -w^ted hb forehead with his pocket handkerchief, 'to make sure that The Major translated the request, and the girl at on«-c cauiu across, aud Richards touched her with evident doubt as to whether she was really fleali aud blood. bad seen jugglers before as to what would be the next feat, for generally those just seen were the clostuc ones of a performance, but as these were the first it seemed that those to follow must be extraordinary indeed. The not feat was the oue shown to Bathurst and was performed exactly as upon that occasion, except that as the pirl rose beyond die circle of light she remained distinctly visible, a sort of phosphoric light playing around her. Those in the verandah had come out now, tlie juggler warning them not to approach within six feet of the pole. Higher and higher the girl weat until those below judged her to be at least a faundrtd and-fiftv feet from the ground. Then the light died out aud she disappeared from their si^ht. There was silence for a minute or two, and then the end of the pole could be seen descending without her. Another minute and it was reduced to the length it had The spectators were silent now, the whole had no words to express their feeling. The juffgler said something which Mr. Hunter translated to be a request for all to resume their places. ' Chit is a wonderful trick,' the Doctor said to Batimrst. ' I have never seen it done that way before, bat I once saw a juggler throw up a rope into tbe air, how high it went 1 don't know, for, like this, it was done at night, but it stood op perfectly stiff and the juggler's attendant climbed up. He went higher and higher and we could hear Lia, voice coming down to us. At hist it stopped and then suddenly the rope fell in coils oo the ground aud the' boy walked quietly in just as that eirl has done now.' The girl now placed herself in the centre of the open space. ' You will please not to Kpeak while this trick is being performed,91 the juggler said: ' harm might come of it. Watch the ground near her feet. ' A minute later a dark object made Us appearance from the ground. It rose higher and higher with #£ undulatirg movement. ' By Jove, it is a python,' the Doctor ?wliisperetJ in Uathurst's ear. A similar ex clamation broke from several of the others, but the juggler waved his hand with an authoritative hush. The snake rose until its head towered above that of the girl, and then began to twine itself round her, continuously rising from the ground until it enveloped her with 6ve coils each thicker than a man's arm. It raised its head above hers and hissed londly and angrily ; then its tail began to descend, gradually tbe coils unwound themselves— lower and lower it descended until it dis appeared altogether. It was sometime before anyone spoke, so great was the feeling of wonder. The Doctor was the first to break tbe silence. 'I have never Been that before,' he said, 'though I have heard of it from a natire Rajah.' ' Would the sahibs like to see more ?' the juggler asked. Tbe two Miss Hunters, Mrs. Rintool and several of The others said 'they had seen general wish to see another feat. ' I would not have inissed this for uny thing,r7 the Doctor said 'It would be simple madness to throw away aach a chance.' The ladies therefore, with the exception of Mrs. Hunter, Mrs. Doolan and Isobel, retired into tbe house, juggler said, ' for it is only on one side what I am now going to do can be seen.' He then proceeded to light a fire of charcoal, when he had done this, he said, 'the lights mast now be extinguished and the curtains drawn, so that tbe light will not stream out from tbe boase,' As soon as this vras done he poured a powder over the fire, aud by its faint U^bt the clood of white Fitioke conld be seen. *' Now I will show you the past,' be said, '* who speaks.' There was silence, and then Doctor Wade said, ** Show me my past.' A faint light stole up over the smoke, it grew brighter and brighter, aud then a picture was clearly seen upon it. It Mas the sea, a house standing bv itself in a garden and separated from the water only f»y a. road. Presently the figure of a girl appeared at the e*t«, and slipping out looked down the road as if waiting for some one. They could make out all the details of her exclamation broke from the Doctor, then the picture gradually faded away. ' The future,'' the juggler said, and gradu ally an Indian scene appeared on the smoke. It was a long, straight road, bordered by a paused ill thy foreground, 'That is you. Doctor,' Mr. Hooter ex catiie out from the jungle, they were also in 'Vou and Miss Hannay,' the Doctor said in a low tone t-? Bathurst, 'dressed like natives ami dyed.' Hut no one else detected the di^'uises, and the picture again faded 'That is enough, Rnjcb,' Bathurst said, for lie felt Isobel lean back heavily againsr the hand which he h-.-l,{ at the back of her chair, and felt sure that slie had fainted. ' Draw back the curtains, someone, I fancy this has been too much for Miss Haonay.' The curtains were thrown back, and Mrs.. ? Hunter ruuning in. brought out a lamp. The Doctor had already taken his place bylsobeTs side. *' Yes, she has f aimed,1' he said to Bathurst, ' cam- her in her chair as she is so that she may be in t he rooin u hen she comes to. *' This was done *4 Xow, geutlemen,'1 the l-octor said, «' yoa had better liirht the lamps again out bere, \ and leave tbe ladies and me to get Miss Hannay | When the lamps were lit it could be seen ! that the nliole of [he men were a good deal i shaken by what they had seen.' ? 'Well,' Mr. Hunter said, 'they told me j he was a famous juggler, but that beat any- { thing I have seen before. I have heard of I such things frequently from natives, but it is very seldom lliat Europeans get a nuance of j seeing them.' j 'I don't want to see anything of the sort j again,' Major Hannav said, ** it shakes ones notions of tilings in general. I fancy. Hunter, that we shall a ant a strong peg all round to steady our nerres. I oan that I feel an shaky as a boy who thinks he sees a ghost on his way through a churchyard-'' There was a genecal murmur of agreement, and the materials were quickly brought li Well, Wilson, what do yon and Richards think of it *' the Major went on after he had braced himself up with a strong glass of brandy and water, 'I should imagine you both feel a. little less sceptical than you did ' I don't know what Richards feels, Major, but I know I feel like a fooL I am sorry, Bathurst, for whit I said at dinner, hut it really didn't &eem; to me to be possible what you told us about the girl going up into the air, and not coming down again. Well, after I have seen what I have seen this evening I won't disbelieve anything I hear in future abont these natives/1 ** It was natural enough that you should be incredulous,1' Bathurst said* ** I should have been just as incredulous as you were when I first came out, and I have been astonished now, though I have seen some good jimglers before.' At this moment the Doctor came out again. #1 Miss Hannav is all right again now. Major. I am not surprised at her fainting ; old hand as I am at these matters, and I think that I have seen as muob, or more juggling than liny 'lap in India, I felt very (jneer myself, specially at the snake business. As I said, r have seen that ascension trick before, child. Those smoke scenes, too, are astonish ing. Of course they could be accounted for as thrown upon a column of white smoke by a magic bin tern, but there was certainly no magic lantern here, the juggler was standing close to me, and the girl was sitting at his feet. I watched them both closely, and cer tainly they had no apparatus about them by which such views could be tUrowo on the smoke,' ** You recognised the first scene, I suppose. Doctor *' Bathnrst asked. ' Perfectly. It took me back twenty-five yearn. It was a cottage near Sidmouth, and was correct in every minute detaiL The figure w^s that of the young lady I married four years afterwards. Many a time have I seen her standing just like that as I went along the road to meet her from the little inn at which I was stopping ; the very pattern of her dress, which I need hirdly say has never been in my mind all these years, was recalled to ' Had I been thinking of the scene at the time I could have accounted for it somehow, upon tbe theory that in some way or other the juggler was conscious of my thought and reflected it upon, the smoke— Uow, I don't at all mean to say ;— but, undoubtedly, there exists to some extent the power of t hough t- of which we know absolutely nothing at present, but may be in upwards of a hundred \ ears mankind may have discovered many ** But I certainly was not thinking of tliat scene when I spoke and said ' the past.' I had no doubt that be would show me some thing of the past, bat certainly no particular incident passed through my mind before that picture appeared on the enioke.' ' T*hc other was almost as carious, Doctor,'1 Captain Doolan said, 'for it was certainly you masquerading as a native. I believe the girl. What on earth could that all mean V '; It is no use puzzling ourselves abou; it,:' a native at present, but there is no saying for us to wonder at in the other things. The mango and ba&kut; tricks I have seen a dozen trtuk beau me altogether, and t here was SDnifetliLo'' horribly uncanny aiioot the snake.'9 ' Do you think it was a real snake. Doctor V ' That 1 canno; tell you, Richards. Every movement was peifeclly natural. I could fate the workioi; of tjic ribs as it u-oun.1 itself r*iuiui the tiifl aud the uuiv(.*riti^ of its tongue as it raise.1 its he^.l iilwVe her. ' At any olhcr time I should Ire rc^dy lo tike my affidavit the present inomeDt I should not like to ^ivc ' I suppose it is no use asking the junior questions. TUe Ui^liyr cl&ss; of ju^lers treit their lipn, Jlliou^h large Mini* have frequently deem offered them. Iu the present case you and girl have both disappeared with the box and apparatus aud evt-r^ thing connected with Hum. They mu-t Lavi- s:in(i»rd off directly the latt trick uas over, and before ue luid Ihe lamp lighted. I w.ut after him at once, I »ut tiit bcrvuut, L'*i\i!d iii id d-- higus of him. 1 an. annoyed l*nm=e I lisii-e nut paid ll.ein.' -I an, not surprised a. that,' Ilr. Wads taid. '? It is .,uiu- in ai-coi.ljnce with wliat I have heard of them. They live by exhibiting what you may call their ordinary tricks ; but I have heard from natives cliat niien they show ajiv what I mav **aH supernatant] feats they do not take money. It is done to oblige some powerful Rajah, and, as I have said, it is only on a verv few occasions that Karopeans have ever seen them. Well, we may as well go in to tUe ladies. I don t fancv any of them Ko one was indeed inclined even for talk, and in a verv short time the party broke up and returned home. (To be coMinutd.) 