AN INDIAN GHOST DANCE. In the "Evansville Courier," Lieut. M'Carthy says :-" The tradition of an Indian ghost dance has been frequently explained, but it still retains its interest. It is a tradition with the Indians that once a princess while wandering in the woods was eonceived of a child, which was of divine origin. She returned to camp, and the birth of the child was proclaimed from tribe to tribe. The occasion of its birth was celebrated by seasons of festi vity. Fearing that the young child would grow to manhood and be possessed of too much ilitluence, several Indian medicine men decided to iut to death the princess and child. On entering the camp of the princess they were confronted by the child, who had suddenly grown to manhood, and who stood in defence of his mother's life. Realising this miraculous or divine act, the medicine men repented of their sins, and were afterwards devout followers of the princess and son, who fought all of their battles victoriously. Before the death of Messiah, as their tradition teaches, he gathered together the various Indian tribes and told them of his second coming. He said that before he, again appeared on earth, railroads, big stove houses houses would be built, and the white man, who would steal all of their lands, besides being very cruel, would come among them. The second cotming of the Messiah for the purpose of exter minating the whites and reclaiming their lands has for years been looked forward to. The direct cause of the recent Indian hostilities was virtually brought on by the ghost dance, which spread rapidly over the entire reservation. l'revious to the uprising of the Iisdians a group of medicine men were in coimmunication with the Messiah, who appeared on a cloud. As a proof of his being, lie held in his hand a saucer of water, of which all drank, and their thirst was appeased, yet the saucer was still full of water. The alleged ex perience of this group of medicine men was sent to the many Indian tribes, and the ghost dance was immediately in augurated as ua consequence. The mere announcement that the Messiah was coming affected over 700 or 800 Indians. Men often, like maniacs, would run from the camp for miles to meet the Great Spirit, which they thought had come." A very distressinug case occurred at Coal. ville this week, when Mr. Taylor, engine driver in the Coalville colliery, lost two children within two days. The first death was that of a child aged about three years, who had been ailing for some considerable time, but the second was fine healthy child 10 months old, which was carried off very suddenly by convulsions. Much sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents, who have now buried no less than four children in the district. To-morrow evening Miss Eloise Juno and her comedy company will pay a visit to the local Public-hall, where they will perform that mostlaughable farcialcomedy " The Bonnie Fishwife," also the come dietta "The Happy Pair," as played by Miss Juno with great success at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, for six conse cutive weeks. We notice amongst the names on the programme the following artistes of repute - Messrs. SMarshall, Forde and IHohue, whose names are a sufficient guarantee of a first-class per fonnance. Miss Juno will be remembered by most of our readers as a " star" in her profession, it being now some three years since she last appeared in Warragul, and at that time she had the satisfaction of being greeted by a packed Athemecum. We understand that this is Miss Juno's farewell tour, prior to returning to Scot land, and we anticipate a large audience to hear this talented lady recite once again, in her peculiarly powerful manner, " The Charge of the Light Brigade." The advertisement appears elsewhere. There are 58 entries for the prize of £250 offered by the Government for the best potato digger. The competition will take place at Rlomsey on the 10th \lay, 