OUR NOVEL. NADA THE LILY. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. COPYRIGHT, 1891, BY H. RIDER HAGGARD. [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] INTRODUCTION. SOME years since—it was during the winter before the Zulu War—a White Man was travelling through Natal. His name does not matter, for he plays no part in this story, which tells of black people only. With him were two wagons laden with goods, which he was transport- ing to Pretoria. The weather was cold and there was little or no grass for the oxen, and this made the journey difficult ; but, he had been tempted to it by the high rates of transport that prevailed at this season of the year, and which would remunerate him for any probable loss he might suffer in cattle. So he pushed along on his journey, and all went well till he passed the little town of Stanger, which was once the sight of Duguza, the kraal of Chaka, the first Zulu king. The night after he left Stanger the air turned bitterly cold, heavy grey clouds filled the sky, and hid the light of the stars. "Now, if I were not in Natal, I should say that there was a heavy fall of snow coming," said the White Man to himself. "I have often seen the sky look like that in Scot- land before snow." Then he reflected that there had been no deep snow in Natal for years, and, having drunk a "tot" of squareface and smoked his pipe, he went to bed beneath the after-tent of his largest wagon. During the night he was awakened by a sense of bitter cold and the low moan- ing of the oxen that were tied to the trek-tow, every ox in its place. He thrust, his head through the curtain of the tent and looked out. The earth was white with snow, and the air was full of it, swept along by a bitter wind. Now he sprang up, huddling on his clothes and calling as he did so to the Kaffirs who slept beneath the wagons. Presently they awoke from the stupor which already was beginning to overcome them, and crept out, shivering with cold and wrapped from head to foot in blankets. " Quick ! you boys," he said to them in Zulu ; " quick ! Would you see the cattle die of the snow and cold? Loose the oxen from the trek-tows and drive them in between the wagons ; that will give them some shelter." And lighting a lan- tern he sprang out into the snow. At last it was done-no easy task, for the numbed hands of the Kaffirs could scarcely loosen the frozen reins. The wagons were outspanned side by side with a space between them, and into this space the mob of thirty-six oxen were driven and there secured by reins tied crosswise from the front and hind wheels of the wagons. Then the White Man crept back to his bed, and the shivering natives, fortified with gin, or squareface, as it is called locally, took refuge on the second wagon, drawing a tent-sail over them. For awhile there was silence, save for the moanings of the huddled and restless cattle. "If the snow goes on I shall lose my oxen," he said to himself; "they can never bear this cold." Hardly had the words passed his lips when the wagon shook; there was a sound of breaking reins and trampling hoofs. Once more he looked forth. The oxen had "skrecked" in a mob. There they were running away into the night and the snow, seeking to find shelter from the cold. In a minute they had vanished utterly. There was nothing to be done, except wait for the morning. At last it came, revealing a landscape blind with snow. Such search as could be made revealed nothing. The oxen had gone, and their spoor was obliterated by the fresh-fallen snow. The White Man called a council of his Kaffir servants. "What was to be done?" he asked. One said this thing, one that, but all agreed that they must wait till the snow melted. "Or till we freeze, you whose mothers were fools!" said the White Man, who was in the worst of tempers, for had he not lost four hundred pounds worth of oxen? Then a Zulu spoke, who had hitherto remained silent. He was the driver of the first wagon. "My father," he said to the White Man, "this is my word. The oxen are lost in the snow. No man knows whither they have gone, or whether they live or are now but hides and bones. Yet at the kraal yonder," and he pointed to some huts about two miles away on the hill side, "lives a witch doctor named Zweete. He is old-very old but he has wisdom, and he can tell you where the oxen are if any man may, my father." "Stuff!" said the White Man. "Still, as the kraal cannot be colder than this wagon, we will go and ask Zweete. Bring a bottle of squareface and some snuff with you for presents." An hour later he stood in the hut of Zweete. Before him was a very ancient man, a mere bag of bones, with sightless eyes, and with one hand-his left-white and shrivelled. "What do yon seek of Zweete, my white father?" asked the old man in a thin voice. "You do not believe in me and my wisdom; why should I help you? But I will do it, though it is against your law, and you do wrong to ask me-yes, to show you there is truth in us Zulu doc- tors, I will help you. My father, I know what you seek. You seek to know where your oxen have run for shelter from the cold! Is it not so?" "It is so, Doctor," answered the White Man. "You have long ears." "Yes, my white father, I have long ears, and yet they say I grow deaf. I have keen eyes also, yet I cannot see your face. Let me hearken! Let me look!" For a while he sat silent, rocking him self to and fro, then he spoke : "You have a farm. White Man, down near Pine Town, is it not? Ah! I though so-and an hour's ride from your farm lives a Boer with four fingers only on his right hand. There is a kloof on the Boer's farm where grow mimosa-trees. There, in the kloof, you shall find your oxen yes. five days' journey from here you shall find them all. I say all, my father, [*The sole right of publication in West Aus trailia has been purchased by the proprietors.] except three only—the big black African- der ox, the light red Zulu ox with one horn, and the speckled ox. These you shall not find, for they have died in the snow. Send, and you shall find the others. No, no ! I ask no fee ! I do not work wonders for reward. Why should I, I am rich ?" Now the White Man scoffed. But in the end, so great is the power of supersti- tion, he sent. And here it may be stated that on the eleventh day of his sojourn at the kraal of Zweete, those whom he sent returned with the oxen, except the three only. After that he scoffed no more. Those eleven days he spent in a hut off the old man's kraal, and every afternoon he came and talked with him, sitting far into the night. On the third day he asked Zweete how it was that his lefthand was white and shrivelled, and who were Umslopogaas and Nada, of whom he had let fall some words. Then the old man told him the tale that is set out here. Day by day he told some of it till it was finished. It is not all written in these pages, for portions may have been forgotten, or put aside as irrelevant. Nor has it been possible for the writer of it to render the full force of the Zulu idiom or to convey a picture of the teller. For, in truth, he acted rather than told his story. Was the death of a warrior in question, he stabbed with his stick, showing how the blow fell and where; did the story grow sorrowful, he groaned, or even wept. Moreover he had many voices, one for each of the actors in his tale. This man, ancient and withered, seemed to live again in the far past. It was the past that spoke to his listener, telling of deeds long forgotten, of deeds that are no more known. Yet as he may best, the White Man has set down the substance of the story of Zweete in the spirit in which Zweete told it. And because the history of Nada the Lily and these with whom her life was intertwined moved him strangely, and in many ways, he has done more, he has printed it that others may judge of it. And now his part is played. Let him who was named Zweete, but who had another name, take up the story. CHAPTER I. THE BOY CHAKA PROPHESIES. You ask me, my father, to tell you the tale of, Umslopogaas who was named Bulalio the Slaughterer, and of his love for Nada, the most beautiful of Zulu women. It is long ; but you are here for many nights, and, if I live to tell it, it shall be told. Strengthen your heart, my father, for I have much to say that is sorrowful, and when I think of Nada the tears creep through the horn that shuts out my old eyes from light. Do you know who I am, my father? You do not know. You think that I am an old, old witch-doctor named Zweete. So all men have thought for many years, but that is not my name. None have known it, and I have kept it locked in my breast, lest, though I now live under the law of the White Man, and the Great Queen is my chieftainess, an assegai yet might find this heart did any know my name. Look on this hand, my father-no, not that which is withered with fire; look on this right hand of mine. You see it, though I who am blind cannot. But still, within me I see it as once it was. Ay! I see it red and strong-red with the blood of two kings. Hearken, my father; bend your ear to me and hearken. I am Mopo -ah! I felt you start; you start as the regiment of the Bees started when Mopo walked before their ranks, and from the assegai in his hand the blood of Chaka* dropped slowly to the earth. I am Mopo who slew Chaka the king. I slew him with Dingaan and Umhlangana the princes; but the wound was mine that his life crept out of, and but for me he would never have been slain. I slew him with the princes, but Dingaan, I and one other slew alone. "What do you say? Dingaan died by the Tongola." Yes, yes, he died, but not there ; he died on the Ghost Mountain ; he lies on the breast of the old Stone Witch who sits aloft for ever waiting for the world to perish. But I, I also was on the Ghost Mountain. In those days my feet still could travel fast, and vengeance would not let me sleep; I travelled by day, and by night I found him. I and another, we killed him-ah! ah! Why do I tell you this? What has it to do with the loves of Umslopogaas and Nada the Lily ? I will tell you. I slew Chaka for the sake of my sister, Baleka, the mother of Umslopogaas. I and Um- slopogaas slew Dingaan for the sake of Nada, who was my daughter. There are great names in the story, my father. Yes, many have heard the names: when the Impis roared them out as they charged in battle, I have felt the moun tains shake and seen the waters quiver in the sound of them. But where are they now? Silence has them, and the white men write them down in books. I opened the gates of distance for the holders of the names. They passed through and they are gone beyond. I cut the strings that tied them to the world. They fell off. Ha! ha! They fell off! Perhaps they are falling still; perhaps they creep about the desolate kraals in the skins of snakes. I wish knew the snakes that I might crush them with my heel. Yonder, beneath us at the burying-place of kings, there is a hole. In that hole lie the bones of Chaka, the king who died for Baleka. Far away in Zululand there is a cleft upon the Ghost Mountain. At the foot of that cleft lie the bones of Dragaan, the king who died for Nada. It was far to fall and he was heavy; those bones of his are broken into little pieces. I went to see them when the vultures and the jackals had done their work. And then I laughed three times and came here to die. All this is long ago, and I have not died; and yet I wish to die and follow the road that Nada trod. Perhaps I have lived to tell you this tale, my father, that you may tell it to the white men if you will. How old am I? Nay, I know not. Very, very old. Had Chaka lived he would have been as old as I.* None are * The Zulu Napoleon, one of the greatest geniuses and most wicked men who ever lived. He was killed in the year 1828, hav- ing slaughtered more than a million human beings.-Ed. * This would have made him nearly a hundred years old, an age raraly attained by a native; The writer remembers talking to an aged Zulu woman, however, who told him that she was married when Chaka was king.-ED. living whom I knew when I was a boy. I am so old that I must hasten. The grass withers and the winter comes. Yes, while I speak the winter nips my heart. Well, I am ready to sleep in the cold, and perhaps I shall wake again in the spring. Before the Zulus were a people-for I will begin at the beginning-I was born of the Langeni tribe. We were not a large tribe ; afterwards, all our able bodied men numbered one full regiment in Chaka's army, * but the men were brave. Now they are all dead-that people is no more. It is gone like last month's moon ; how it went I will tell you by-and-bye. Our tribe lived in a beautiful open country ; the Boers, whom we called the Amaboona, are there now, they tell me. My father, Makedama, was chief of the tribe, and his kraal was built on the crest of a hill, but I was not the son of his chief wife. One evening, when I was still little, standing as high as a man's elbow only, I went out with my mother below the cattle kraal to see the cows driven in. My mother was very fond of these cows, and there was one with a white face that would follow her about. She carried my little sister Baleka riding on her hip; Baleka was a baby then. We walked till we met the lads driving in the cows. My mother called the white-faced cow and gave it mealie leaves which she had brought with her. Then the lads went on with the cattle, but the white faced cow stopped by my mother. She said that she would bring it to the kraal when she came home. My mother sat down on the grass and nursed her baby, while I played round her and the cow grazed. Presently we saw a woman walking towards us across the plain. She walked like one who is very tired. On her back was a bundle of mats, and she led by the hand a boy of about my own age, but bigger and stronger than I. We waited a long while, till at last the woman came up to us and sank down on the veldt, for she was very weary. We saw by the way her hair was dressed that she was not of our tribe. "Greeting to you!" said the woman. "Greeting!" answered my mother. "What do yon seek?" "Food, and a hut to sleep in," said the woman. "I have travelled far." "How are you named?-and what is your people?" asked my mother. "My name is Unandi; I am the wife of Senzangacona, of the Zulu tribe," said the woman. Now, there had been war between our people and the Zulu people, and Senzan- gacona had killed some of our warriors and taken many of our cattle. So, when my mother heard the speech of Unandi she sprang np in anger. "You dare to come here and ask me for food and shelter, wife of a dog of a Zulu!" she cried; "begone, or I will call the girls to whip you out of our country." The woman, who was very handsome, waited till my mother had finished her angry words ; then looked up and spoke slowly, "There is a cow by you with milk dropping from its udder; will you not even give me and my boy a gourd of milk?" and she took a gourd from her bundle and held it towards us. "I will not," said my mother. "We are thirsty with long travel; will you not, then, give us a cup of water? We have found none for many hours." "I will not, wife of a dog; go seek water for yourself." The woman's eyes filled with tears, but the boy folded his arms on his breast and scowled. He was a very handsome boy with bright black eyes, but when he scowled his eyes were like the sky before a thunderstorm. "Mother," he said, "we are not wanted here any more than we were wanted yonder," and he nodded towards the country where the Zulu people lived. "Let us be going to Dingiswayo ; the Umtetwa people will protect us." "Yes, let us be going, my son," said Unandi; "but the way is long, we are weary and shall fall by the way." I heard, and something pulled at my heart; I was sorry for the woman and the boy, they looked so tired. *Then, without saying anything to my mother, I snatched the gourd and ran with it to a little donga that was hard by, for I knew that there was a spring of water. Presently I came back with the gourd full of water. My mother tried to catch me, for she was very angry, but I ran past her and gave the gourd to the boy. Then my mother ceased trying to interfere, only she beat the woman with her tongue all the while, saying that evil had come to our kraals from her husband, and she felt in her heart that more evil would comer upon us from her son. Her Ehlose * told her so. Ah ! my father. Her Ehlose told her true. If the woman Unandi and her child had died that day on the veldt, the gardens of my people would not now be a wilderness, and their bones would not lie in the great gully that is near U'Cetywayo's kraal. * The full Zulu regiment would number between two and three thousand men. Prob- ably Mepo's tribe consisted of about nine thousand souls.-Es. * Guardian spirit.-Ed. (To be continued.) 