THE WHITE DOG: fNOW FIRST PUBLISHED. A GHOST STORY. BY GEORGE R. SIMS. All Rights Reserved. It wns tho early morning of Christmas Day. The clock of the nearest church boomed out the hour of 3. Immediately afterwards tlio big clock in tho hall followed its example in a flccp bass voice. Then the little clock in tho dmmgroom piped out the hour ot o in a childish treble. A few minutes afterwards my library clock, which Iuls defied tho efforts of the professional regulator for years, made three feeble sounds in an apologetic manner, which said as plainly as poasible— 41 I'm very sorry I'm so late, but better late than never." Then the kitchen and the bedroom clocks struck, ancl by a quarter-past 5 every clock in the house had informed mo what the lime was — or ought to be. It was 3 o'clock in the morning, or rather in tlio dead of night, bo that in this great lonely houso which I inhabit every sound was distinctly audible — much too audible for a nervous man, who invariably starts at the chostly noises of tho small hours and has a vogue belief in lho supernatural. Many a time when I nave been writing far into tho night have I suddenly looked up from my work and listened and burnt Uuo a profound perspiration as some picco of furni ture iu the room gave a blood-curdling creak. When tho furniture Likes to creaking 1 in variably leave oil work nnd creep upstairs to bed. There arc two things which invariably put an end to my consumption of tlio midnight oil and cause my faco to be sicklied o'er with the pale cast, not of thought, but of terror. One is the creaking of the furniture, and the other is a mysterious breathing on tho nape of my neck. That breathing always tempo- rariiy4>aralysc3 mo. 1 sit iu dumb terror for a minute or two and gradually the power of fipccch comes back to me or I call to imaginary dogs to come to my assistance and mako hysterical efforts to hum popular airs of a g.iy and festive description. I don't know what use a dog would be to me in a struggle with that impalpable ureauicr on wie nape or my neca, aim x can not for the life of me imagine how I became possessed of the idea that a comic song was a charm against sepulchral intruders on one's midnight privacy. I am only telling you what I do, why I do it I must leave it for tlic learned in these matters to determine. On the particular night when the adven ture happened to lite which I am about to relate, tho clocks had all struck 5. I have dwelt on the circumstances in order that you may understand my feelings when a certain extraordinary thing happened. 1 was sitting alone in my library, writing. My servants had all gone to bed hours ago, and my little dogs were fast asleep in the kitchen below. Suddenly, just as I was writing the closing lines of the story on which I was engaged, my big bookcase gave an unearthly creak and immediately after wards I fancied I heard a rustling behind me. I didn't turn my head — J never can when I hear a rustling in t iro middle of the night— and present ly I felt upon tho nape of my neck a tiny eurrcut of air, as though someone were breathing on it. As soon as I had recovered from tho state of abject terror into which those phenomena (lung me (I shall never get used to thorn if I live to be a hundred) 1 began my usual per formance. 44 Here, Fido, r ido," I exclaimed, 44 where are you— bite him, Fido— go for 'em, Fido." The words were hardly out of my mouth before I gave a startled cry and, leaping out of my chair, made a wild dash at the door. The moment I had called upon the imaginary Fido a low growl had proceeded from beneath the table on which I was writing, and presently t;o my horror there .stood before me a while dog with wild llam- ing eyes. I had never necn the dog before, ho was not one of iny dogs, lie was an utter stranger tome. Where on earth had ho como froinV You must remember that- it was 3 o'clock in tiie morning, and then you will understand my astonishment at this remarkable answer to my cull. 1 expected that this mysterious canine visitor would spring upon me. J wasn't sure that I shouldn't v/ako up and find myself tho victim of a nightmare. Imagine my astonish- incut when the animal walked quietly up to me and began to wag his tail. With a great oJibrt I managed to stoop down and pat him. Ho wagged his tail more than ever then, and there v/as no doubt that ho was n real dog of llcsli and blood, and not a ghostly visitor or a creation of my dis ordered iinngination. But how in the name of goodness had the strange dog managed to be in my .study at 3 in the morning? The house had been locked up since midnight, and all tlio time I had been at work 1 had not heard a sound. I couldn't sit thero with that mysterious dog. To do any nioro work was impossible, I so patting the strange dog again I walked out of the room and, closing tho door behind mo, went upstairs to lied. Outside my house keeper's bedroom door I put a piece of paper on which I scribbled, 44 II von iind a strange dog in the library don't lie frightened and don't let him go out of the front door. Hoop him till I come down." I was determined to lathom tue mystery ot tuo strange canine visitor if possible. The next morning when I came down to breakfast. I asked about tlio dog. I half-ox- pcctcd the reply would be, 44 What dog, nir? we haveu't scon anv dog." But it was nothing of the sort. Tlic dog was found fast asleep in my easy chair when the library door was opened in tlic ipoming. Tho housekeeper had taken him downstairs into the kitchen ami tied him up to tlio leg of tho table. He was a very nico dog, .and ho didn't look at all ghostly in tho daylight. When I went downstairs and patted him lie stood up on his hind logs and tried to lick my hand. 44 How in the; name of goodness did ho get into my study last night without anyone knowiug anything about it ? " I asked. Wo oil thought tho matter over, and at last it was unanimously decided that when the housemaid went out of tho front door at 11 o'clock to lock up tlio area gate, the white dog, who v/as probably lost, must have crept in at the open door, walked into my study, concealed himself under t he tabic and fallen asleep there. It is tho habit of a lo3t dog to icol nervous and to cower and lie down in any place of shelter he may find, My litllo black and tan dogs did not ap prove; of the newcomer at ail. They were jealous, and resented in every pomii bio way the little attention I paid to the intruder, whom 1 at once christened, bearing in mind the circumstances under which I had dis covered him, "Ghost." It being Christmas Day, I left home early in the morning to spend the day with some relations. Christmas Day has long ceased to be a day of merriment to me. lhave reached that time of life when there ia too much to look back upon — too much to mourn and regret, for any anniversary to bo a very joyous one. .Still Christmas, oven to tho most unfortunate among us, has Us soothing side, and it is a day on which wc can "gather up what joys are left" and live our lost hap piness once again, in the innocent mirth of the little ones who are the life and sold of the family party. Of course I told everybody about tlio white dog who had suddenly appeared, as if by magic, in my utudy in the middle of tho night, and everybody was interested except ing the children. I explained the theory by which I ac counted for his getting into the house, aud the elder people agreed with mo, hut tlio younger folks wouldn't nccopt anything so prosaic in the way of explanation. They wcro sure that t-ho white dog 44 meant " something. Ono of my nieces, who had had 44 Muio. D'Aulnoy's Fairy Talcs" as a Christmas gift, hazarded tho suggestion that it might be a nrincc who had been turned into a clog by tho fairies, and would rcsumo his shape under certain conditions. In the afternoon wo sat round tho fire, be tween tho lights, and tho conversation once morn turned upon the mysterious dog. Yielding to the inliucnco of tho midnight hour, I munched on a theory of my own and suggested that perhaps, after all, Ghost was a suporuatural dpg, and had been sunt in answer to my call for canine aid against tho spirits who annoyed ino by breathing on tho napo of my ncek at midnight. "Fancy if he is a ghost dog after all, uncle," said my niece Mauclio, "how awfully romantic 1" My nephew Sidney, who is a year older, instantly chiincd in with a vigorous 44 Boah !" and declared thero wore no ghosts of any kind and certainly no clog ghosts. Ho was certain that wo should find that Ghost was just a loot dog who had scon a door open and darted in tho house because ho was getting cold aud uncomfortable in tho streets. " You put an Advertisement in tho J'Jaih/ Tdeyraph" lie auid, 44 and see if somebody does not come forward to claim him." I thought it was a very seuaihlo suggestion, nnd I determined to act upon it, especially as Ghost was a well-bred and valuable clog and had overy sigu of having been a pet and well cared for. When I reached homo that night my first inquiry was about the dog. 44 He's been quiet enough, sir," said my housekeeper. 44 lie slept in the big chair in the kitchen till it was dark. Then lie went upstairs and lay down under your study, ainl lie's thero now." I went into tho study and whistled, and out came tho white dog. He -wagged his luie, looked at mo in a wistful kind of way and then crawled back under tho tablo again, ancl ho I left him for tho night. Tho next day being Boxing Day 1 could not set about tho task of finding Ghost's owner. . . I had a fluo description of him set forth in a handbill, and I gave my address and stated that tho owner could have lnm on ap plication to nic. I also advertised him in tho Daily Telegraph.' . A week went by and I received no applica tion, ancl so I made up my mind that Ghost had coma to stay aud I beguu to consider lum as one of tlic family. . He settled down to his new home all right, but there was one peculiarity about him. Nothing wouUl induce him to sleep any where but in my study. Directly night fell, no matter where ho was. Ghost would come to my studv door nnd whine there until I let him in. lie would walk straight under t.ie table and cnrl himself up, and there ho would remain. Ono day about 11 o'clock in the morn rug my servant came to me and said thata gentleman wished to sec me at; oucc. 44 He says lie's conic about the dog, sir." At last, I thought, (he mystery of Ghost is to be cleared up. t Then I said aloud. 44 .Show the gentleman in." The gentleman who camc in was a tall, good-looking man with a. wild beard and large wild eyes. He looked like one of those Bohemian artists one used to moot with in the Quae t ier Latin in I'aris in the old days befoi'o Bohemia ceased to lie and literature gave up eccentricity and settled down in lin- de-siocle respectability, at least of an out ward apmruv.nce. My visitor seemed thoroughly agitated. Before I could as I: him to take a seat he had dropped into a chair, and v/as panting us il exhausted with, a long walk. 4i I've run here," he exclaimed. 44 I've run all the way from Hampstead." "Indeed," I ssi.i, wondering what manner of man this could be. 44 Yes ; I only heard of your advertisement this morning. 1 heard ot it at the police station— - you've got the dog." 44 If you moan a white, dog who came into my house most mysteriously rather more than a weekugo -yes, I have — " 44 Oh dear, oh dear !" exclaimed lho strange gentleman, pulling out a large yed pocket- handkerchief, 44 it's very dreadlul, it's very awful, lias Jie bitten you ?" 44 Good heavens, no! I replied, becoming seriously alarmed. 44 II-... !»/. lii( .nn i/rtur- it'Ifr. nt vnnr rJiil- drcn ?" 44I have no wife or children." 44 All, that's very lucky, very lucky. Hab he bitten your olbcr dogs, your servants, or your cat ?"' 44 Good gracious, no ! Hc'sa very guicb and amiable dog. But why do you ask V 44 Why— ol»> Lord— 1 don't, like to toll you, but I must, of course I must— you ought to know — " He mopped his brow again, and for a moment his face became ho violently con tracted T thought he was going to have a fit. 44 Fray do not keep me in susp/nr/; and almost agony. What do you know about this dog?" 44 All, everything, too much, it's very dreadful. Where is lie now?'1 I had forgotten all about tho dog for a moment in my excitement. When tho ques tion v.faa put to me thus directly 1 remem bered I had last seen the dog asleep under my study (able. 4<I think he'a in the room now," I said, lifting tlio tablecloth. 44 Yes, hero lie is. Here, Ghost, Ghent." My visitor uttered a wild shriek and sprang on the chair. At the same moment Ghost roused and alarmed ran out. Jlc gave ono loo!; at my visitor, then uttering an unearthly yell Hew out of tho room aud dashed madly upstairs towards the bedrooms. 1 was now thoroughly tipscb, and I wanted a pocket handkerchief to wipe my own brow. 44 Will you be good enough to explain this ext raordinary scone, sir. Is the dog yours V" I exclaimed. 44 Yes— or — he was. Oh, dour — bow 7ny heart's beating. Thank goodness he didn't tiy nt inc." 44 Aro you afraid of the dog, then ?" 44 Afraid — good gracious. I .should think so — whv, he's got hydrophobia." 44 Wliat?" 1 yelled. 44 Yes, lie has— ho must have! It's all my fault. I inoculated him with it aud he got away." 44 Sir, are you mad ?" I cried. 44 No— oil, no— but it was a mad thing to do. I didn't want lo tell you, but it was my duly. If I'd heard that you or any of your household had died of hydrophobia I should never have forgiven myself." 44 Tho dog has displayed no .symptoms of madness," I said ; "he's au quiet and gentle as possible." 4' It taken time to develop — it lias not de veloped yet, but it will — it niuut. It. is an awful experiment. I oughtn't to have done v/h.'/i. I did.' it was for mio sake of science, but I have never Gent since. I'm so glad lie hasn't bitten anybody." 44 You day you inoculated the dog. Will you be good enough to explain—)' must know everything, sir— it is a most .seriouu matter?" 44 Yes, it is. I felt that, or 1 shouldn't have come here. I am a great student of these matters, you know— I analyse everything. I have discovered a true cure for er.neer, but you don't want to hear about that." 44 No. J want lo hear about tho dog." 44 Well, I got him from tho Dogs' Homo and I thought I would try Uasfour's experi ment for myjelf. I took the dog homo, and Having procuruii sumo virus u.Jin a nog wuu had died of hydrophobia.J injected it under the skin of this dog — but I didn't have proper assistance and lie got free. I was afraid of his biting me, and opened the front door and lei; him out : then .1 :saw what nil awful tiling I'd done — I ran after htm. I didn't dare say anything, so I went Intel; home and worried. I haven't slept properly since. I have lioen haunted with tlio idea that .1 had given a clog hydrophobia, aud let it looso on the world. " 44 It was an infamous thing to do," I ex claimed, indignantly. 44 Yes, of course it was; but I never meant to lot the dog escape. At any rate, I have made all tlio reparation in my power. Now tho best thing you can do is lo have tho dog killed boforo ho doea any mischief. Good-morning." I was so a'Ronishod. lo use ft vulgar but oxprcsaivo word — llabborgar.led — that. I lot tho man get up and put ou his lint and walk out of the houso without cudoavoring to stop him. „ it was not until Ik; had gone that I realised tho ritual ion in all its horror. Ghost was a dog with undeveloped hydrophobia; a dog witli (.he deadly virus working ill his veins. And ho was still loose in my houso. . At any moment he might develop the ter rible and fatal disease ; at any moment, in a lit; of midden madness, lie might fasten his teeth in the flesh of ono of my acrvauts ; ho might fly at my own throat. As I realised the position I felt tho cold perspiration .gathering ou my brow. I sat for a moment paralysed. I did not know what to do. J felt that I must keep tho ter rible secret locked in my own breast. To havo told my servants would have been to iling thorn in a slate of panic. 'The first thing lo do was to rescue the dog. I opened my door and stood in tlic hall and whistled and called, "Ghost, Ghost, Ghost," but no Ghost came. With a forced calmness I went to the ser vants' hall, and said quietly, 44 Have any of you seen Ghost V" One of them had scon him run upstairs after the gentleman called, hut nobody had seen him since. I went mvdairs on to the second floor and called 44 ( rhost " again, but no Ghost ap- Deared. Then I examined all the rooms and looked carefully under the tables and sofas, then 1 went to tho hodrooms and looked carefully under the beds. There was abso lutely no sign of Ghost anywhere. What was I to do. I couldn't leave a mad dog loose iu tho houso. It was my duty instantly to explain thia and prevent lum doing any mischief, hut it wag a case of the recipe of jugged haro— first, catch your Ghost. I searched evcrv room of tho honso for nearly an hour and then I gave up tho quest in despair and made up my mind that Ghost hurl left my. house as mysteriously as he had entered it. I wondered what I ought to do under the circumstances. I made up my mind that, without alarming tho public by advertise ment, I had better consult tho authorities, I couldn't advertise, 44 Anyone meeting a white dog iu requested to kill it, as it hns been inoculated "with hy drophobia." That would be to cause a panic, ami to cause the death of some hundreds of innocent dogs. Ho I went to tho polico station and related the matter to tho inspector, and left him master to deal with it as ho saw lit. I apeiit tlic day out of doors, for I was too excited and nervous, to do anything, but towards night I made my way homo again. I had work to attend to, which was bouud to be done before tho morning. My first task on reaching home was to ask if anyone had seen Ghost. No one had. Satisfied that, he was not. in the house I »at down in my atudv, and was soou absorbed in the work I hadjn hand. (To be continued.) 