To lhe Editor of tlhe Express. SIR,-Having read several letters from "Pro.'s and Con:'s" the Rev. Mr. Stuart, also "Impartial" and MIr. Hollis on sin, "Impartial" has fairly shown the white feather, as he neither gives hie name nor will he meet his opponent in a debate. No doubt he it one of the wise and learned in his own estimation, but the Scripture says God has hid from the wise and learned what He reveals to little ones. Proverbs 24, 15th and 16th verses "Lie not in wait, nor seek after wickeduess in the house of the just, nor spoil his rest. For the J?use man falleth seven times and shall rise again, but the wicked shall fall down into evil." This does not say the just man falls into sin; this chapter alludes to deceit, double dealers, and robbers. I have often heard that the just man falleth into sin seven times a day, but I cannot find it in Scripture. If we fall into sin daily and cannot avoid it, what did Christ mean when the adulturess was brought before him ? The Jewish law was to stone her to death. He said to her, "Go and sin no more." Is it likely He would command her to do an impossibility? No, tie would not. That soul that is in sin, not removed by serious repentance and conversion to God, is spiritually possessed by the spirit of the devil. The spirit of God and the spirit of the evil one cannot reside in the same dwelling, therefore if we sin seven times in the day we must also repent seven times a day. As sin is the work of the, devil, and the sinner is the living temple of the' devil, it would be a very unreasonable thing to be possessed of the devil seven times a day, or seven times a week, or seven times a month, or seven times a year, but we must be always on the watch tower or certainly we will fall into sin, if we are caught slumbering. Christ said, "John indeed baptised with water but I will baptise you with fire and the Holy Ghost." Fire is always working iipwards; we become purer and purer the longer we live, and by living a life of righteousness our bodies become the living temple of the Holy spirit of God, which guides us and directs un .ccording to His holy will in all things. P. MI'CLussnY. Bacchus Marsh, May 24th. 