^uttv mi (Trite COLDMBUS. Behind him lay Uw prey Axore*. BebSid tke art** ol Bercutei -. BJoreMm not «« $***? -**-**? Before bim onlj; sBoieteB M Tbe cood mate aid: ' Sownmrt we piar. 'Mr men iro* nmtjnons itoy br iV. Of salt to« washed be nralthr cneek. ?? Whit .hall I ~T. *»»re *dm'?l'iS; «- II we sicht naught but seas at «Uwn « Sir. ySu ahaSl iay at break of dv. ?Soiloa! sail on ! sail on ! and on V They sailed and soiled, as winds might Mow. nits at tost tie btan*^ **?££ 11 Wtar nov not even God would kno« Should I »d aU my menlall de»d. Hieaereiy winds «ors-* their war. For God inn Uiese dread seas » s»ne. He »3: ' Sail on ? sail on ! and on r Tbevsaned. TheysaitaL Then %*-£-* °-^ : 'This mad sea sbovs its trail to-night. He curis his lip, to lies in wall. With lifted teeth, as il to bite! Bare Adm'ri, say but one good word ; What shall we do when hope is gone' The woid, leapt as a lewing swoyl : u Sail on! sail on! aailon '. and on . Then, pile and worn, he kept b»°**. , ... Antoeend through darkness. Ah,thattaght Of aU dart' nlshts ! And then aspeck A light ! A lif*t ! A lfeht ! A light '. It crew, a KMik «»g nnlnried ? It grew to be Time's burst of dawn. Be rained « world ; he gave that world ifigSndest lesson: ' On ! and on r JOASjCIS KlU£X Eemorse of cousdence does not begin to gall the sinner real hard dll after he has been found out. Wherein are & policeman and a rainbow alike? Both are tokens of peace, and usually appear after a storm. ' I wonder what old General X. can see in that odiously made op Miss Wr ' Tiie old warhorse likes the smell of powder, I fancy.' u ' Things are coming my way to-night, re marked the cat, as he gaied pensively on tto heaps of old boots, tin cans, etc, with which hehad been presented. ' Wickaxs : 'They tell me, professor, that you have mastered all the modern tongues.'' Professor Polyglot : ' AU but two — my wife's and her mother's.' Mrs. (TBull: 'This is the seventh night you've come home in the morning. The next toime you go out, Mr. O'B., you'll stay at home and open the door for yeraflt' Hashley : '.I congratulate you ! You are comfortably settled— old wine and old gold for life !' Flashley : ' Not so well off either ; to get the old gold I had to take an old wife.' ' My frens,' said the officiating clergyman at the marriage of two coloured persons at Cincinnati, ' My frens, it am a serious thing to get married, 'specially when both parties ' is orphans an' haint got no parent to fall back on, as am de present case.' Physician (to bis patient, a hurried busi ness-man on the vergeof bankruptcy) : ' And aboveall, preserve entire equanimity of mind, have no care, no trouble.' Patient: ' Thanks, doctor, for your prescription. By the waj, where can I bave it made up ?' ''So you proposed to her. Accepted, of course?' 'Accepted! Why she treated me tike a dog.' ' Allow me to congratulate you old fellow. . I saw how she treated one the other day, and, byjore, howl envied that dog!' ' BaHu%' said an AfTn»'«^T judge one day last week to the officer in charge of tiie jury. ' will yon inform the jury that there wUl be a * horse race at three o'clock ?' The jury bad been out for forty -eight hours, but in less than thirty minutes they came into court with a verdict Old bachelor (looking at new baby,) : ' Er — rather small and puny, Jim?' Proud Father: ' Ye-es, rather;' Old bachelor (encouragingly): 'Still, Jim, if I were in your place Id try to rear him.' Mrs. Lovely : ' My dear, you mnst accept some one of your many admirers soon. ' Miss Vera Lovely: 'Why mamma?' 'Because the parlour carpet near the sofa is getting all worn out where they have got down on their knees to propose.' A Yorkshire vicar once received the follow ing notice regarding a marriage from a parishoner: — 'This is to give yon notis that I and Miss Jemima Arabella Brearley is coming to your Church on Saturday afternoon ncx to undergo the operation of matrimony at your hands. Please be promp, as the cab is hired by the hour.' The ' operation ' was performed in due course. The Spectator tells the following story : —A quarrel had taken place at a fair, and a culprit was being sentenced for manslaughter. The doctor, however, had given evidence to show that the victim's skull was abnormally thin. Tho prisoner, on being asked if he had any thing to say for himself, repUed, 'No, yer Honour ; but I wonld ask, was that a skull for a man to go to a fair wid !' ''\ou must honour your parents,' the Sunday-school Superintendent said to the new boy. 'I am sure you obey your mother.' ' les, sir !' came the reply with an emphasis that rather startled the questioner. ' And you and your little brother here always show her respect, don't you ?'' ' You bet we does. Why, she kin lick dad, she kin.' ' Why have you discontinued the publica tion of your paper?'1 was asked of an editor. ' Well,' was the reply, ' von see several weeks ago I was taken III, and was compelled to wins an issue. Afterwards, in looking over my books, I discovered that I had made more on the number I missed than op any other number that I issued, so I thought if that's the way the newspaper business paid I would clear out' 