Musical Matters. Robinstoin, tho pianist, is to give 50 concerts iii tlio United States in 1803. . lime. Schumann, whoso debut dntos hack to nearly 04 years ago, is said to bo suffering from a nervous affection, which will prevent her from taking part iu uny public performances. Sir Arthur Sullivan's dramatic cantata, "The Goldon Legend," was given ut tho Albert Hull by tlio Roynl Choral Society, undor thu direc tion of Mr. Joseph Buniby, early in February, tlio always popular work attracting a very considerable uuuionoe. At a recent London symphony concert M. Gorski, a Polish violinist, played thn G minor Concerto of Max Bruch, and his inter pretation of tlie number is fnvonrably com mented upon by tho Press. The interest at tached to this item lies iu the fact that M. Gorski has heeu announced to appear along with M. Pndorewski, tho pianist, during Iiib Australian tour. Miss Lizu Lelimann, says the Sunday St in, is about to publish, through Chnppell nnd Co., soveral now songs nnd nino neiv piuuoforte studies of her own composition. They are said to bo, by thoso who havo heard them, must musiuinuly und harmonious, showing the fool ing of u true artist. Miss Leliinami's admirers will he delighted to hear her sing again, and to hear ulso that hor health is quite restored. At the popular concert at St. James's Hall, London, on January 30, Stile. Sziimowslia, the Polish pianist, who (remark tin fjiicn) created such a favourable impression when she played licre at the closo of the year, reappeared uud confirmed the good opinion whioh she had pre viously created by giving a very finished and nrtiatic rendering of Beethoven's Sonata Pastorale in D, after tlie performance of which she wns honoured with a triple recall. At a recent London Ballad Concort ut St. James's Hull, the programme included two or tlireu numbers from Mascagiii's successful opera "Cnvnllorin Rusticanii," tlie selections brought forward consisting of Alllo's aria d'entruta, with ohorus, " Gaily go my horse's feet," the now pretty fniniliiir Intermezzo, pluyed liy Lady Halle on tho violin, with organ accompaniment by Mr. Fountain Meen, and Tiiridrlu's brindi'si "See tho merry wine is winking," which was most spiritedly nnd effectively sung (with chorus) by Mr. Ben Duvies. All tlie excerpts hnd to be repented. A douler in musical instruments in Paris has just advertised that lie lius an undoubted " Strudivui-ius " for sale in perfect condition, and tlio price is £1,200. To somo (observes an English contemporary) this appears a fabulous fiddle price, but recently £1,000 were given for tho StriidiviiriiiK presented by his friends to Mr. tVuldcmar 31 oyer. Five" or six hundred pounds nro now commonly paid for n second- rate Cremona, violin, and some well known copies mndo about. 50 years ago by n French manufacturer sell readily for £100. The Rev. H. It. Hinveis lias a "Strad." which, if lie ulioso to sell it, would probably fetch £1,000 or more. The revcroiid amateur, who used once to play upon the instrument very well, now keeps it under n glusn case. Miss Nellie Stowurt. tho young Australian prima dounn, who created such u good im pression recently in "Bluo Eyed Susan," uomus (says tho London Chronicle) of a theatrical and musical family, and lias been connected with the stage siliee sho wns n child. Working lier way upwards in small parts, she lias become tho lending comic opera soprano in tho antipodes, where she lias taken part iu soveral of the Gilbert- Sullivan operas, her per formance in " Tlio Mikado" bring particularly approved. Miss Stewart hnd never played in England before Saturday, Folirunry 0, though sho had previously come to tlie mother country on u visit. Slio personally organised and direoted a oomie opera company tour through Australia a littlo while ago, when Miss Marian Burton played Miss Agnes Huntington's originul part of Paul Jones in the opera of that uaino. The Jew's harp, a notablo musical — or rather noiso-making — iustrumout of boyhood, derives its name, not from anything par ticular whioh it lias, or ever laid, to do with the Jews, hut from the ciruumstanco of its being plaood between the jaws when played. It is a vory old plaything, nnd its first inline was jaws' harp, or jaws' trump, which lius since been corrupted to Jew's luirp. A single Jew's hc.rp is exoocdingly incomplete us a musieiil instrument, for its sounds muinly depend ou the reciprocation of columns of uir in the mouth of tho porformcr, and these sounds lire perfectly identical with the multiples of tho original vibrations of tho instrument. By employing several Jew's harps, howover, of different sizes, tho defieionoies itre supplied, und a London gentlomun, by using 16 instruments of graduated dimensions, was enabled to inadu- Into into every key, nnd to play times in u truly musical "uud agreeable manner. Tho London Chronicle says tlint Mr. Alfred Plumpton, the musical conductor of ' Blue- Eyed Susan " at tho Princo of Wales' Theatre, enjoyed some reputation us the successful com poser of numorous ballads, &o;„ when at tho timo of the Prince of Wales's visit to India ho accepted an engagement to conduct mi opera company in Calcutta. Afterwards ho proceeded to Australia and found there so congenial a sphere for tho exorcise of his art that what wus intended merely as n visit became a lengthened residence. Diu'ing this period ho produced many compositions of grontcr calibre than thoso with which his nnmo was formerly associated, including operas, cantatas, masses, and orchestra! works. Mr. Plumpton is a litterateur as well as a musician, und has for somo years occupied tho post of musical critic of tlie Mel bourne Age and Lender. His present stay in England is mainly with n view to the per formance of a fow'of his more important com positions. Tlio Sydney Daily Telet/rnph of March 12 lias the following: Tho incidental musio written for Mr. Bcerbolim Tree's revival of " Huinlot" at tlio Haymnrkot Theatre by Mr. Honsolicl has attracted considerable attention in London. Not only is tho music described as appropriate in its relntiun to tho drama, hut, liko that of Mendelssohn to tho "Midsummer Night's Dream" and of Grcig to "Peer Gynt," it appears to bo equally well adapted for per formance ns a suite in the concert- room. It was first heard in this form ut tlio fourth London Symphony Concert on January 20. Mr. Hensohel, who is equally successful in the onpaoity of oomposor, vocalist, or conductor, is tho direotor of thoso concorts. The suite con sists of fivo movements, denominated respec tively : Proludo, "Ophelia," interlude and pustoral, "Ophelia's Doath," and "Danish Sinroh." Tho proludo is hnsed oliiefly upon two motives, intended to represent or rathor suggest Hamlet's communings with himself, und tho "Opliolia" sootion is of a tenderly melodious character, as its title indicates, and forms auadrairublo contrast to tho proludo. The "Interlude," an allegro impotuosoin G minor, iH spoken of as extraordinarily dramatic, and tho "Postornlo," played in tho drama just before tho churohyard scene, us sweet und tunoful. " Ophelia's Death" and tho Danish Muroh are also thoroughly in keeping with tho dramatic situations with whioh they aro associated. Roforring to tho introduction of themes suggestive of tlio dramatis persona) into tlio incidental music of plays, " G.S.lt.," of the IForld, humorously observes: " Murk my words, us actors come to understand theso things better wo shall have suoh sconos at rehearsals as have nover before beon witnessed in u theatre — Roscncrautz threatening to throw up his port because liis motiro is half u bar shortor than Guildonstern's ; tho Ghost claim ing on Mozart's authority an absolute monopoly of tho trombones, or Hamlot asking tho com poser, with mngnifioont politeness, whether ho would mind doubling tho basses with n contra- fagotto, in order to bring out tlio Inky Cloak themo a little better !" 