THE DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would eivn :t milliuu dullais li>v a stouuuuv. said a woaitby Ainariuan touimtly. Now, a million dollars ( tltiujkhl) is a dual of iiiuucy. hut. ho was m,t alilu' to buy tho avliuie cvvit at. that, prior. Mr. 'L'homtis tiaskin, ol >» \ opuffir i.v»\\\r, i D'tfloy Abboy, noiu l)orby, i not so rich is mnny. Ifoiiii'- a "inltmor, but tm v.n.s rondv enutigh t.o j.rivo ill hi Inul ior 0:10 tliiiuf hiwlu t ot. Jlorft history una he shall toll it in his own wny. :\Ur. Gn-skin guts 011 to say : " Up to eight years ago I had never lost 1111 hour s work through sickness. In December, 1SS2, while living at Beeston, near Nottingham, my appotito fell away, I had dreadful „nm after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with water and slitno, tho latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my tinn-urs. My chest used to 'fill up' and my throat would swell, so I oouldu't button my shirt at the neek J vomited a groat deal, chiefly a yellowish gt-eun phlegm. I hud a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled, at tho nose, and the blood rushod out of my oars. I became exhausted and short of breath and had to call the doctor, and was in bed ttve or six weeks. li I then went tis out-pntionfc to trio Nottingham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little hotter. I got so tliin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with inn. For eighteen months I kept gettiug hotter, thou worse, and at last tho doctors rocominonded mo to try a change of air. So I came to Darby Abbey and my former master gavo mo an indoor recommendation to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, howovor that all the bods in the hosoital wore full, and I saw my club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a gallopitig coiiHUiiiplion, nnd must die ; tho othor doctors after sounding my lungs and chest, said nothing but shook their bonds, "Getting a trifle hotter my old master allowed nu to do what iitt.lo .I could in bis gardens and grounds ; and some days I workod a little, and then would be away for a few days. Things went on like this until Docoinbcr, 1888, wlion I caught cold <'ot vory short of broatli and broke down completely. I was always coughing and spitting up phlogm sometimes as much as a teacupful at pnoo and was afraid to go to sleep for foar tho oh lug ni would choke mo. At this time the whites f my eyes turned yellow, and my eyes were 1 odshot. My bps and mouth were dry and ached and I often Oroke out into a cold clammy weal. My tongue was like a piece ut onnvii 1 leather, and T could keep nothing down. I lost over a stcme weight in throe weeks. ' i managed to get up for a few hours at a time bat was. so weak I had to take hold of 4I10 t furniture to move a few yards. T was always tired I and weary , and sitting or lying, was never at oase j and got im real tost , Too weak to read 1 often silt for hours looking at my hands nothing bu : skin and bone, and was so nervous T oouldu't bear 1 the loatt noise, and the children at play quite upset j me. , . ! " The doctor ept, oil attending me, but lie situl , I can do you no good ; 1 nan only patch vo.i up because your lungs are diseased. I thou gave over, taking lib medicine and tried everything I could hear of. -One thing was a bough cure from Loudon that osl. 22s."a buttle. But nothing did any ;iml Hiy friends who cfimo to Juso jiio sttid, ! GWii, you won't: cough much onger, you have iimrclv 1.0 iirorarc for another world. ' ' .Vomit, the middle of March, 18H9. a neighbour named J-.s.-pb Tuthnm, who works iu the pupur mills ill Dirloy Al.bev, sail tome, 'Tom did you ever rv Mother Sei gel's Syrup'- and told nie;how lie had Toon cured after being in the hospital. TT . spoke so iriU'-h "in praise of this medicine l sent mv wife to Derby and got. a bottle at. Mr. g -nit,), -snores in Victoria Street. After toe first dose I bad nil evacuation black as ink. and vomited Then 1 sell asleep and folt rested when 1 awoke. After inking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept, down, and in 11 few days' 'move I was able to go out for a short walk. " By tho end of ft fortnight L went to see my master, who asked what bad wrought, the improvement, and 1 told liiui, as I toll every 0110 that Mother Seigcl's syrup had saved my life. I ,..,,.,.,..0,00.1 wnrlt ol- nno.o. and havo nuvor lost a day's work since. | 'OfeOiirsoinystreligt.il did not return nil at onee, but, aftor talking Seigcl's Syrup for six 1 months I was strong as over- in my lii'n and lmve ! continued so over since." | In giving his consent to tho publication of this remarkable statement; Mr. Gastrin requests us to I refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head I Gardener, Darloy Abbey, who is Jacquaintod with j all the facts alleged. Mr. Gnskin has lived at I Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an exaelleui reputation. Now, what was tho complaint from winch li suffered ? Not galloping consumption certain!,) (as one of tho doctors thought), or ho would hav gallopod into liis grave in less than throe month instead of growing worso tor seven years. _ His complaint was chromo iiiflammatoiy dyspepsia (or chronic gastric catarrh), which was lung symptjmd like consumption, for which it is so ofton ann ignonintly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right reraody, Mother Seigol's Syrup, was used tho disoase yielded as all diseases of the digestivo tract do yield to that magnincent preparation. Wo heartly congratulate Mr. Gaskin on liis rno covory, and commend the facts of his cast to all thinking people. Nature give us at the outset of life, a large- reserve of strength and vigor. The lungs aro capable of taking in and exhaling sixteen times as much air as is done in ordinary, quiet breath ing. The heart, stomach, liver skin and every other organ of the body ver, cntresponding reserve vigor. This surplus is designed to tide us over emergencies, and not lor every day use. So the man who goes on creating emergencies or his stomach, liver, or other organ, will find by-and-bye that this extra vigor is neat ly exhausted. The next thing in most cases is to call on a doctor for astimulant, which merely en ables him to dip a little deeper into what capacity an overworked organ may still have left. Sop- pose we represent our store of vigor by a tank, the inflow (or which comes from our food, and the natural outflow for expenditure is near the top. A stimulant has the effect of thrusting the outflow a little lower down, and thus reducing the stock of reserve which nature had designed to hold for real need. Our tank once emptied of vital lorce, can never be refilled. Thtre may be eft simply a. little stream of energy flowing hrough, sufficing for moderate, everyday needs, with nothing whatever to fall back on for emer gencies. What is really needed is a careful treatment with vitalizing elements to gradue r- restore the impaired vital force, to compel ne proper digqstion and absorption . ot ibf natural. component parts of a healthy organ ism. Many quack medicine men claim that theit nostrums will do good, and these remedies fr are praised up to the skies by the proprietors thereof but no one ever hears them recommend ed by the people who have taken them, this c zs riot apply to Clements Tonic, however, this article has a reputation such as could only be obtained by real and intrinsic merit, some. nos trums may have a iocal sale, but no remedy could spread over a vast continent like Austra- is as Clement's Tonic has done, unless it was positively proved to be genuine. We have seen such wonderfully successful results fromthe uses of this remedy that we do not think anyapology is needed for bestowing upon ii the praise it really deserves, we have used it ourselves, we know it is a reliable article, that it is what the manufac- I turers' claim it to be, and that the most positive ' evidence is forth coming to prove its efficiency. Witness the following letter from W. H. Lewis, Esq., Grafton, N. S. W. :— " Dear sir,— First, 1 must tell you that I was always sceptical about patent medicines and believed they were only commercial speculations, but since I have usee Clements Tonic my views have completely changed. 1 was an extreme sufferer from palpi tation, indigestion, constipation, languor and headache, for nearly 2 years. I have lived in the bush all my life, moving from place to place and am well known in almost every district in New S outh Wales, Queensland and Vittoria, j the irregular diet and habits brought on-.seyere nervousness, weakness, and liver complaints, . until I was afraid I had not long to live and ; doctors-uicommended me to settle my wourldly affairs, so emaciated and weak 1 had become at ; last , I obtain one of your bottles bu» did not believe your medicine would cure me. I tried it, however, and soon found relief, gradually 1 become 'trong.. rettaiucd flesh and vigoi, and now- after taking twenty bottles of Clements Tonic 1 am stronger than ever before, and wish you every good wish lor having saved my life or at least restored my health," 'Too great .1 precaution cannot I)-' exercised in procuring the genuine , " Clements 'Tonic," many chemists will try and # impose upon you with some imitation ; beware I ol this and don't let any solicitation of plausible argument persuade you to take any thing else if you do you will only be disappointed and perhaps allow your case to progress even beyond the power of Clements Tonic. Clement's is the original and only genuine. Laboratories, Sydney, N. S. W. ' 