" POINTS. A bmaut littlo girl to mind a baby and make herself useful, She must ho a girl, mind you. No hoy neod apply. If thore still oro sphoros wholly for males, so for fomalos. Sue must ho small, you seo ; this, no doubt, on account of bod and board. .. . - Sue must bo smart, note it for, probably, tho baby is lively ; gets out of tho oradle, out of tlio cot, and gonerally makes affairs hum. Tueue is a word of comfort for tho smart littlo girl: she is to mako herself useful ; whioli moans that there aro tunes when tho baby caves in. At the labour leaders' political mooting on Monday night there was a deal of "resolu tion" besides that which oorriod cortain formulated motions. Josh Bailey manifested a lot of individual resolution to have his say on that occasion. Tiie audience showed some resolution against hearing tho peaceable and worthy man of tho Valley. Matt Redo took Josh and his resolution, and both "moved" and " carriod " them by main forco. That was Reid's way of demonstrating tho freedom for which ho and his co-agitators aro contending. No man 'must open his mouth oxcopt by thoir permission ; tho man who docs must be put out of the way. Glorious freedom of tho future, whon Glassoy will bo king ! The Solicitor-Gcnoral is going to summon all members of the Legislative Council to duty on tho Constitution Bill. At Mount Morgan somo hoarders' rooms have boon ransaokod by thieves, booty carried off. At Roma somo hoarders' rooms havo been destroyed by fire, booty all consumed. The Junoe Democrat has had to pay £90 for tho gratification of publishing a defamatory lotter. TuE- lcssons of exporionco in shipping cattle on board the Federal were very costly. The beasts wero normally , healthy till thoy died. Some gavo up the ghost before thoy got out to open sea. Boing vory fat beasts they may havo died of apoplexy. The opposition of Mr. Black to the New Constitution Bill is leading his oppononts to Bay that ho is not white about it. Air ; history repeats itself. Moses of old brought water out of a rock. Moses of Bris bane is going ono hotter, by bringing swcot waters out of a sort of Niagara rook. One of our neighbours has talked himself out of a hysterical .opposition to tho Now Constitution Aotfinto ono of plaoid support. , The ehango was expected and relied upon. Pdesident Cahnot has ordered tho release of 60 miners who wore imprisoned for rioting during the late Btrike at Sens. These ore only about 4,800 justices of tee poaco in New South Wales ; so jealously is the honour guarded. Loud Scott has arranged a signal code to ho used in time of war. If not used otherwise it may turn out a failure. Oasdinax. Mohan recently delivered ono of his very finest utterances on Sir Thomas Mors. Mobe was the saintlieat spirit amongst laymen that England has produced. But was he a Roman Catholio or a British Catholio ? 