THE HISTORY OF A CRIME. A REMINISCENCE. By F. F. GRAY. More than a quarter of a century ago, residents throughout the length and breadth of Australia were shocked by reading in the daily press details of a dreadful murder perpetrated in Dayles- ford, a prosperous and populous mining township located about 75 miles north west of Melbourne. Society at that time had not settled down to the conventional level of the present day, and many anomalies then rampant have long since vanished in the limbo of the past. Con- trasting the period I am writing of with the present, the superior civilisation of modern times stands out in bold relief. Life for the masses was then rough and ready, especially for those sturdy san- guine fellows hailing from all parts of the globe, who mingled on the diggings and delved into the earth in search of gold. Truly they were a generation of Titans, who would I verily believe have pursued the god of their idolatry to the gloomy realms of Pluto. Ordinary hardships they regarded with contempt, and if it was unpleasant working in deep shafts saturated with damp and impregnated with foul air, it only tended to make life on the surface all the more enjoyable, and certainly there was no lack of entertain- ment and amusement of one kind and another, though of an invariably rude and evil character. Personal experience, however, is necessary to form an idea of the tumult and excitement that prevailed on the goldfields, and principally on 'rushes,' at that period. It was an epoch in colonial history when Hope and Dis- appointment waged a fierce conflict— when all the latent passions in human nature were brought into play in the wild and transient drama of life. The gentle restraints of the family circle were absent and utterly forgotten by thousands of men and women, who drifted hither and thither as the caprices of fortune or their own nomadic inclinations suggested; yet despite all such unfavourable conditions my experience has been that deep in the human heart is implanted the love of domestic life, and any effort to stifle that sacred instinct can only end in sorrow and disaster. As many of those who left the Old World to seek their fortunes in Australia belonged to the agricultural and pastoral classes, the new order—or disorder—of things in the antipodes must have seemed very novel to them, being so dif- ferent from the tenor of everyday life in the Northern homes they had forsaken, but to which they were perhaps to return with wealth and happi- ness to be shared with the dear ones for whom they had braved the perils of the ocean and the unknown dangers of a stange land remote from that in which the ashes of their forefathers reposed. The road to Hades, 'tis said, is paved with good intentions, and those unsophisticated bucolic's would need to have been fortified with rare moral courage and discretion to avoid the temptations and cunningly laid snares for the unwary when the gold fever raged across the straits. But of all the seductive and terrible minions of Vice to to be combatted, King Alcohol was the most formidable of the Santanic brood. This hideous monster reigned supreme, and in his honour temples were raised, as if by magic, in which slavish, delirious devotees indulged in mad bacchanalial orgies to the accompaniment of ribald songs, and obscene dances Seasoned with weeping and laughter And seeds of deceit and distrust With joy in the drinking and after— Dishonour, Disgrace, and Disgust. Then, as now, every hovel licensed by authority was ostentatiously dubbed 'hotel.' Such places abounded on the diggings, and Daylesford, foremost in the van, was cursed with many of the dens in which every device was practiced to allure the thoughtless, and no labour or expense spared in pandering to the evil propensi- ties of the inherently depraved. Music with all its charms, and woman with all her fascinations, were vilely perverted and betrayed into instruments for pro- moting the fell designs of the shameless satyrs who, rigged in all the bravery of paste and 'Brummagem' jewelly, posed as ruling divinities of the pandomoniums. Proprietors of shanties employed female attendants as decoys to ensure success in business, and also 'to maintain the re- putation of the establishment!' Bar- maids were the order of the day, and the young, the gay, and the fair were in- veigled into a conspiracy against their own happiness and that of society. These sometimes artless, but often artful Hebes, were recruited from any grade in the community, and the inducements held forth, together with the roseate hues in which the career of the saucy, familiar barmaid was painted, stimulated the envy and ambition of the girls of the period. It would be unfair, of course, to say that all the licensed houses on the gold- fields in Victoria were of the character here sketched; on the contrary, some of them were conducted in a circumspect manner, and in an hostelry of this kind Mary Lee contracted the unfortunate relations which ulti- mately resulted in what was termed 'The Daylesford Tragedy.' Prepossessing in face and figure, and of pleasing disposition, it is not surprising that 'Mary, the maid of the inn' had many admirers and lovers among the swains who frequented the bar in which she presided. But, like the suitors of old, those homely Lotharios were doomed to disappointment, and their languishing sighs and fervid protes tations of undying love wasted upon the desert air of indifference. Words cannot picture the rage and despair that seized upon some of the discarded lovers when the crushing decision was announced that all were dismissed but one—John Graham —the man to whom her heart surren- dered, and whose destiny henceforth she meant to share. Different men have different ways of venting their feelings, and David Young, one of the rejected as- pirants to Miss Lee's hand, in an out- burst of jealousy and passion declared he would never rest contented until he had slaked his revenge in the blood of the ill- fated Mary, whom he stigmatised as a heartless coquette. No importance, how- ever, was attached to the fatal threat of this modern Hylas, who 'thus for his Delia to the winds did mourn.' His words were regarded as the harmless ravings of unrequited life, and even Antoni Fratre, the worthy alien, who chanced to be passing by, be- trayed but little concern, save perhaps a spasmodic twitching of the lips or invol- untary contraction of the dark Italian eyes. But the most poignant anguish of the heart is assuaged by the flight of time, and as the weeks and months rolled on, David Young retrieved his manhood and once again became the buoyant cheerful fellow he was ere worshipping at the shrine of Venus. He not only forgave the object of his former infatuation for having accepted his rival as husband, but expressed contrition for the unmanly threat he had uttered in the dark hour when the terrible reality burst upon him that Mary was irrevocably lost to him. A brief glance at the home surround- ings of the Grahams, who had been mar- ried some six or seven months, and resided in a little cottage on the outskirts of the township, becomes now necessary. John proved a kind husband, sober, industrious workman, whilst his wife bore the reputation of being an excellent and thrifty housekeeper. Both had won golden opinion in the humble sphere in which they moved, and were regarded by their neighbours as a loving and con tented couple, in whose charac- ters no blemishes were apparent likely to endanger conjugal happiness. Now, if it be charming to contemplate scenes of domestic peace and prosperity on the one hand, how appalling on the other to behold the black polluting shadow of crime descend and transform all that was fair and bright and lovable into desolation, darkness and death. Imagine, then, the constonation that must have seized upon the inhabitants of Daylesford on that sunny Austrahlian morning, five and twenty years ago, when the terrible tidings were borne from house to house, that Mrs Graham, gentle and offensive creature, had been ruthlessly murdered in her bed during the absence of her husband at the mine, where he had been at work overnight. As a detailed account of the particulars developed in investigat- ing the tragedy, would only inflict un- necessary pain on the reader, I will give only an outline of the main features,which were as follows:—'Graham, who had been working on a night shift, left his young wife in the cottage some three-quarters of a mile away from the mine. He saw her to bed, and although the neighbourhood was lonely she had no fear. In the morn- ing on returning from work he was horrified to find his wife on the bed murdered. The matter was duly re ported, the suspicion of the local police falling on her husband; but as no one had ever heard of a quarrel, and the young couple appeared to live on excel- lent terms, the suspicion was abandoned. Near the cottage Young (the former lover) was camped, and a little farther away another man—an Italian—also resided. Graham informed the police that he found the cottage as he left it, with the excep- tion of some marks on the chimney, as if the intruder had entered by that way, it being easy of access—one of those large slab structures so frequently seen in min- ing districts. The local men being un- equal to the occasion, the task of un- ravelling the mystery was placed in the hands of that cunning criminal-catcher, Detective John Williams, familiarly called 'Old Jack,' a veritable prototype of Jonathan Wild. Originally a back- slum thief in the East End of London, he was transported to the colonies when a youth, and ultimately accepted in the de- tective force of Melbourne. This famous sleuth and terror of evil-doers, it might be observed, departed only a few weeks back for Elysium at the patriarchal age of 83 years. Having ferreted out the fact that Young had threatened the life of Mrs Graham, Williams came to the conclusion that he was the murderer and accordingly arrested him. A careful ex- amination of the suspected one and his clothing failed to disclose the slightest stain of blood. The principal item of evidence against him was the production of a peculiarly shaped meerchaum pipe which 'Old Jack' swore he found on the mantelpiece in Graham's kitchen, and persons who had seen Young smoking believed it was the same pipe which prisoner was in the habit of using. That pipe hanged Young. He was tried at Castlemaine, the celebrated Butler Cole Aspinall prosecuting, while as usual in those days any counsel was assigned the prisoner. Young protested his innocence without avail. He was duly hanged, and died protesting his innocence. Peace to his ashes! It would be difficult to find a more desolate and barren region than that narrow tract of country called the Coorong,' extending from the dusty town ship of Lacipede on the seaboard to the hamlet of Miningie on the eastern margin of Lake Victoria, South Australia. Bounded on one side by a dense and dis- mal mallee scrub of wide extent, and on the other by the mighty Southern Ocean, 'The Desert,' as it is aptly named, bears a reputation so evil that only stern ne- cessity would compel anyone to traverse its inhospitable waste of sand and 'salt- pans.' Some years ago, incompany with a youthful Tasmanian, a native of the River Forth, I penetrated this Southern Sahara, and such was the depressing cha- racter of the surrounding landscape, intense heat, and scarcity of water for man and horse, that I now retain a vivid recollection of the hardship encountered on that journey. We covered the distance in three days, staying the first night at a dilapidated hut that served the purpose of a police station, and which was situ- ated in the mouth of a lonely gulch that lost itself in Cretan-like labyrinths fur- ther inland. In our fatigued condition, however, we hailed the semblance of a human habitation with delight, regarding it as an oasis, and such to our great satis- faction it proved to be. The generous host was Trooper Smith, ex-cavelryman and one of the gallant Six Hundred, who dashed through the 'Valley of Death' in the famous charge of the Light Brigade as Balaclava. Having hobbled out the horses and dined on mutton and damper, a social hour was devoted to the pipe and to 'spinning yarns,' the following authentic narrative by the trooper being the item of the evening:— 'Two years ago last winter I was aroused one wild and stormy night by a tapping at my bedroom window, and hastily donning pants and slippers, I sallied forth with lantern in hand to as- certain who intruded on my slumbers. On opening the door I was confronted by a very strange looling figure in tattered garments, with haggard and emaciated features and long tangled hair and beard, from which the water streamed, the un- fortunate creature having apparently been exposed to the full force of the thunderstorm raging at the time. There was an expression of weariness and despair in the blood-shot, fevered eyes of the wretched outcast cowering beneath my astonished gaze, that filled me with feelings of inexpressible concern and com- miseration. Taken altogether he was the most woeful specimen of humanity one could possibly imagine, and concluding that he must be a poor demented fellow, who had strayed from civilisation, and who, aimlessly wandering in the mallee, had accidently found my place, I requested him to step inside. He accepted the invitation in silence and tottering forward reached a seat, into which he sank with a feeble groan. Remembering the fact that I had a little brandy kept for emergency, I brought a drop from the inner room and offered it to the stranger, thinking it would revive his drooping spirits. 'Ah, too late, too late!' he muttered in hollow gasping tones, 'I am in a dying condition having swallowed a dose of strychnine some time before attracting your attention.' The look of despair in the dilated pupils of his blazing eyes, confirmed this statement, and indi- cated that the poison had already taken effect. It is impossible to describe the condition of a man under the influence of this terrible poison. The face for the time being is simply the background of a panorama of horror. What weird fantastic shadows of the bewildered mind flit over the pallid features! How phantom demons, the offspring of crime, crowd the tortured imagination, as with gnashing teeth and foaming jaws the doomed wretch pants and wriggles in the final agony of dissoluton! A remarkable characteristic of strychnine poisoning is that the sufferer undergoes paroxysms of excruciating pain alternated with brief periods of peace and lucidity. It was during one of those lucid intervals, and while the storm raged without, that my unhappy companion con- fided to me in tremulous accents the direful deeds that goaded him to self- destruction. 'Hear me,' he murmured, 'for I have come to you, as to a confessor, to do a last act of justice to the name and memory of one whom I irreparably in- jured in days gone by. His name was David Young, and he was executed in the Castlemaine gaol in 1861 for the murder of Mrs Graham at Daylesford. Young was innocent of the crime. I, Antoine Fraire, am the guilty author of the deed. In her maiden days I loved that woman, secretly but with a consuming passion, and coveted her beyond all earthly treasure, even when she became the wife of another. Disappointment drove me to drink and degraded my love to lust. En- tering Young's tent when he was asleep, I took his pipe which lay on a seat by the bedside and went away. Shortly after- wards I effected an entrance to Graham's cottage through the chimney. I was filled with alarm when Mrs Graham recognised me, and uttered my name. In a moment of panic I snatched up a razor that was at hand and gashed her throat from ear to ear. I then left Young's pipe on the mantelpiece, with the objeet of fastening the deed on him, and retired from the premises.' At this stage the self-confessed murderer and suicide was seized with convulsions, and, before I could intervene he fell heavily to the floor. For some minutes his frantic struggles were terrible to witness, until at last with a prodigious effort, he turned on his back and gave up the ghost, the storm still raging with unabated fury along the resounding shore. Such was the trooper's story. Weary after a long day's ride in the broiling sun I repaired to a hammock, where, wrapped in a 'possum rug and lulled to sleep by the sonorous voice of thile ocean, I soon lost consciousness of this world of sin and sorrow. 