MYSTERIOUS INFLUENCE. In his. speech concluding tho debate yesterday morning Mr. Reid alluded to a certain mysterious influence which, in his opinion, had been at work to change tho views of those members on whose support he had counteci. vviiat mat inuuence was ho could not imagine, as it was of so misty, gloomy and intangible a char acter as to defy description, while it fillod the soul with dread. This )ust shows how completely the leader of the Opposition is under the power of Sir Henry Parkes, who can revel in " dark imaginings " upon occasion. Now, the "mysterious influence" which so greatly alarmed Mr. Reid was nothing more than the Kiama ghost in another form. It was revealed later on, and then it turned out to be tho veriest bogey that ever scared a timid schoolboy. Mr. Cook had received a letter from the Department of Justice, in which it was stated that the Broken Hill conspirators would not be released " at this early stage " of their imprisonment. Somebody had underlined the words quoted, and somebody elso had attached special significance to them; then a third somebody bad spoken to Mr. Wise about it, Mr. Wise spoke to Mr. Criok, and finally the report got into circulation that the release of Messrs. Sleatii and Co. was the price to be paid by tho Government for the labor vote. Tho whole thing was utterly absurd from first to last, though if intended seriously it was, as tho Attorney-General said, " a vile, wicked, slanderous falsehood." Mr. Reid's "mysterious influence" was in reality tho simplest thing in the world. Members — even some of those nominally of his party — refused to vote for his motion because they had no beliof in it or in him. Yery naturally before ousting the Govern ment, and thereby bringing legislation to a standstill, the House wanted to know what policy the leader of the Opposition proposed to substitute. A declaration on this subject was called for when the censure was ori ginally moved, and tho cry was con tinuous throughout the debate. Mr. Reid did not respond, for a very sufficient reason. Like the needy knife-grinder, he could only reply — "Policy! God help you, I've none to tell, sir." Whatever policy may exist on Ins side of the House is locked up in the breast of Sir Henry Parices, who has not thought tit to entrust Mr. Reid with the key. In these circumstances there was no necessity to refer to mysterious influences ; the House had to deal with men whom it knew and could trust, and with measures which it understood and appreciated. There fore it declined to exchange these for absolute uncertainty as to Ministers, policy, and measures. Of course tho Opposition organs are exceedingly wrath at the result. Tho Telegraph takes matters as resignedly as it can ; it confesses that aftor all majorities must rule. Therefore, as the Government majority was unmistakc- able, this journal, after a few growls, submits to tho inevitable, being, so far, wise in its generation. It is not much troubled about mysterious influences. But the Herald cannot disguise its spleen and dis appointment. In the first place, it shi'ioksj " the vote must bo I'egarded as a party vote." Who 011 earth thought or desired that it should bo otherwise? Our contemporary, we believe, has always pronched the doctrino that parliamentary govern ment must imply government by party. If the Herald means now that Ministors have a solid following, and that tho Oppo sition is a mere " fortuitous congrega tion of atoms," it iB probably right. It is in tho confidence of the Oppo sition, and ought to bo able to speak authoritatively. We do not profess to know. Then, in order to carry out this view, it proceeds to lay down the sin gular argument that if the Assembly is in doubt about changing its re sponsible Ministers it ought to act upon that doubt, and keep 011 changing until, presumably, it gets tired of the process, We never thought that our old friend had so little of the con servative element in its composition. Talk of governing by party ! This would' be government by tho kaleidos cope. Finally, the Herald holds that the Government majority of seven is nothing to boast of after all. That just depends upon the way you look at it.' It the Opposition had ob tained this majority, or anything like the number, Huntor -street would have been wild with de light, and would have proclaimed from the housetops the crushing defeat of tho Ministry. Relatively to num bers the Government majority is about equal to that which Mr. Gladstone secured when he upset Lord Salis bury's Administration; and what is more to the point, it is larger than was obtained on the last |attompt to oust Sir George Dibhs and his colleagues. This the Herald perforce admits ; but it adds that hero is the opinion of 61 men who refuse to acknowledge the Ministry, and how can it then be in dependent? Nobody has yet said that' it was or professed to be inde pendent of sixty, or even six, represen tatives of the people, provided that they are earnest in legislation. But if our contemporary will deduct the place-hunters from its total of 61 it will' find it necessary to review its calculations. What the public under stands from. the language used both by Mr. ; Reid and tlio Opposi tion journals is that a determined effort will be made after the Christ mas holidays to block all business in Parliament until a dissolution has been forced,- There can be no mistake about this threat ; and the question is whether the majority will tolerate dic tation from a party which it has by its vote declared to be wholly unworthy of the confidence of the House and the country. 