I A SKETCH OF HIS CAREER. The cablegrams announce the death of the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster on Thursday morning in the arms of Dr. Yaughan, Bishop of Salford. The sad intelligence, though not unexpected, will cause profound regret. Few men in England were more popular with all classes than the deceased prelate, who has held a unique place in English history for the last quarter of a century. In our leading columns we have referred to the Cardinal's character and influence. We ppend a brief notice of his remarkable and eventful life. AN ANGLICAN MINISTER. Henry Edward Manning was born at Toteridge, Hertfordshire, in 1808, and was therefore in his 84th year at the time of his death. His father, William Manning, was a merchant, and repre sented Lymington in the House of Commons for a time, and waB also a Governor of the Bank of England. Henry waB educated at Harrow and at Balliol College, in Michaelmas term, 1830, he graduated B.A. with honors, and soon after was elected to a fellowship in Merton College. Among his fellow students at Oxford was Mr. Gladstone, and the friendship then commenced has been maintained through life. Both were members of the Union Debating Society, and took an active part in its proceedings. In 1831 the future Cardinal was ordained a minister of the Established Church. In 1833 he was married to Caroline Sargent, the ceremony being performed by Samuel Wilberforce, who was hiB brother-in-law. In 1834, through the influence of his wife's family, he was appointed Rector of Lavington, in Sussex. Here he remained till 1840, when, he was appointed Arch deacon of ChicheBter. The fame and influence which he had then acquired is shown by his being chosen as one of the select preachers at Olford University. Oxford was at that time the seat of the Tractarian movement, among the leading spirits of which were Newman, Keble, Froude, and Pewsey. Manning took no active part in the movement, tlfough impressed by the theological contro versies of the time. For eleven years, 1840-51, he discharged his duties as an Anglican minister with exemplary zeal although anomalies and inconsistencies of the church to which he belonged were gradually forcing themselves on his discerning and logical mind. The Gorham case in 1850 was the proximate cause of his conversion. The judgment given in that celebrated case virtually made belief in baptismal regeneration not an essential doctrine of the Established Church, and was a rude shock to many pious Auglicans. In conjunction with Mr. Gladstone and thirteen others—seven of whom were —aftor ward* received into the bosom of the Calholic Church—Archdeacon Manning drew up a memorial, protesting against the continuance of the Bev. Mr. Gorham in the ministry., WITHIN THE ONE TRUE FOLD. The circumstances which led to Dr. Manning's conversion were thus related by himself many years after that happy event:— " 1 was in Borne. I visited the museums, the ruins, the churches. I witnessed the ceremonies, like the rest of my fellow countrymen, making a study of the city from every point of view. I had no doubt at all about the truth of Pro testantism, of which I was a minister. I had no thought ; I never even dreamt of changing my religious belief. Dpon this subject nothing at all that I had seen made any impression to affect me ; in fact, I was as far from Catholicism aB when I left England. One moruing I went into the Freuch Church of St. Louis ("St. Louigi dei Francesi"). There, on the altar, was exposed the Most Blessed Sacrament for the purpose of giving Benediction—a service I had never seen before. b othing more Bimple. Some incense and some candles burning ; the priests in their plain choir dress. At the foot of the altar knelt a handful of the faithful in prayer. What a contrast between this and those solemn pontifical functions in St. Peter's ; but it was the moment in which God called me to Himself. 1 felt my soul stirred within I me in a mysterious way. I saw a little j gleam of lignt For the first time in my life it came into my mind that there might be truth in Catholicism ; my con version no longer seemed to me an impossibility. I found myself, however, a long way from being made a convert; but God had called me, and I did not remain deaf to His voice. I prayed, I searched, I studied with all sincerity. Every day the light shone clearer, and the grace of God did the rest." I In 1851 Archdeacon Manning resigned his pastorship and all his brilliant pro- | spects in the Established Church, and was received into the True Fold, whither John Henry Newman had preceded him six years earlier. It was a great sacrifice and severing of old tieB for the new convert; but God had called him, and he cheerfully obeyed the summons. In his farewell sermon to his old congregation he Baid— " Old friends, old haunts, old faces, bright days, and sweet memories—all are gone. But the future is before ub, all new, all enduring, all divine." He waB confirmed soon after his reception into the Catholic Church. His wife had died soon after her marriage, so there was no obstacle to his becoming a priest, and he was ordained. Father Manning remained in Rome studying Catholic theology till 1854, when the degree of D.D. was con ferred on him by Pope Pius IX. Soon afterwards he returned to England, and was appointed Superior of the Order of the Oblates of St. Chafies of Borromeo, at Bayawater. Dr. Manning's fame .and influence bad been gradually spreading; but he was not sufficiently well known to be much thought of as the sucoessor of Cardinal Wiseman, although he was selected to preach the funeral oration. When that dtirtinguished churchman died in 1865, the three names submitted to the Pope for the approval of the Holy See were Bishops Clifford, Mathorne, and Erringtou; but Pope Pius IX., with his quick insight and discernment, had noted the great abilities of the subject of our sketch while in Rome, and passing over the three names submitted to him, appointed Henry Edward Manning Arch bishop of Westminster. This caused some dissatisfaction among the old aristocratic Catholic families, who wished to Bee Bishop Clifford appointed. The com manding genius and wonderful personality of the new Archbishop, however, soon made itself felt, and the wisdom of the appointment was universally acknow ledged. In 1869-70 Archbishop Manning at tended the Vatican Council, at which he was a strong advocate for promulgating the doctrine of Papal infallibility. The disputes and divergences in doctrine in the church he had left had strongly impressed upon his mind the importance and necessity of authority in matters of faith. He after wards published two or three volumes treating of the (Ecumenical Council and Papal infallibility. In March, 1875. Archbishop MaBDing was raised to the dignity of Cardinal, amidst general re joicing, his titular church being S.S. Andrew and Gregory on the Coelian Hill. The Cardinal's career during the last de cade is familiar to everyone throughout Christendom. Next to the Pope he was undoubtedly the greatest ecclesiastical figure in the world. In England he was foremost in every charitable and philan thropic movement. His sympathy al ways went out to the poor and distressed every where. The London poor, the persecuted Jews, the toiling masses, the oppressed Irishmen all had a place in the fatherly heart of the Cardinal- Archbishop of Westminster. The affection and reverence with which he was regarded was strikingly exemplified at the cele bration of his episcopal silver jubilee in June laBt, when tributes of love and admiration poured in upon him from all parts of the world. Like Cardinal Newman his life has been nearly equally 1 divided—forty-one years within and forty-two years without the Church of ] Christ. | HIS SYMPATHY WITH IRELAND. j The late Cardinal, all his life, was a warm sympathiser with the national aspirations of the Irish race. Like Cardinal Newman, he was an ardent j admirer of the truly Catholic spirit of th« Irish people. Most of the English Catholic Bishops are Tory, and anti- Irish in their proclivities. Many of them, like I Dr. Vaughan, the Bishop of Salford, are connected with English Tory families. The views of these prelates are voiced in the London Tablet, which almost rivals the Times in anti-Irish prejudice. It is the property of Bishop Vaughan. Cardinal Wiseman, the first Archbishop of Westminster, was an Irishman, and Cardinals Manning and Newman have been always Irish in their sympathies. " Had I been an Irishman," said Cardinal Manning, " I would have been hanged long since." In 1888 he wrote a letter to Earl Gray on the Irish land question. His feelings towards Ireland are expressed in a letter to William O'Brien a short time ago acknowledging a copy of 4' When we were Boys —" My dear Mr. O'Brien —In my last letter I promised you that I would write again when I had finished reading my book, but when I came to the end I forgot the book, and could only think of Ireland, its manifold sufferings, and its inextricable sorrows. For years I have been saying these words. The Irish people are the most profoundly Christian and the most energetically Catholic people on the face of the earth. They have also been afflicted by every kind of sorrow, barbarous and refined. All that centuries of warfare of race against race and religion against religion can inflict upon a people has been their inheritance, but the day of restitution is nearly come. I hope to see the daybreak, and I hope you will see the noontide, when the people of Ireland will be re admitted, as far as possible, to the possession of their own soil, and shall be admitted, so far aB is possible, to the making and administration of their own local laws, while they shall still share in the legislation which governs and con solidates the empire. Then Ken and Mabel shall be no more parted. —Believe me, always yours very faithfully, Henry E. Cardinal Manning." . WHO WILL BE HIS SUCCESSOR ? Speculation is already rife as to the probable successor of the late Cardinal as Archbishop of Westminster. Several names have been suggested, Dr. Vaughan, Bishop of Salford, and brother of the late Archbishop of Sydney, being the most frequently mentioned. The Cardinal died in his arms.' They were warm friends, and united in Catholic brotherhood, though widely differing in political and social views. Monsignor Gilbert, of St. Mary's, Moorfield; Bishop Bagshaw, of Nottingham; and those two brilliant converts, Fathers SebaBtian Bowden and Godolphin Osborne, of the Oratory, Brompton, are also spoken of in this connection The question of appointing a coadjutor to Cardinal Manning has been under consideration for some time, as his declining health rendered him more and mora unfit for active duty. The aristo cratic Catholic families, with the Duke of Norfolk at their head, were anxious to have Bishop Herbert Vaughan appointed, and their intrigues will now be renewed Dr. Vaughan is anti-Irish and Tory, and as the majority of the Catholics in England are Irish, or of Irish descent, his appointment would not be a happy one. Bishop Bagshaw, of Nottingham, is the only one of the English Catholic BishopB who sympathises with the national aspirations of the Irish people, and his selection as successor to Cardinal Man ning would cement the cordial relations which that great prelate established between the Catholics of England and Ireland. Mgr. Gilbert would probably be the choice of the priests of the arch diocese. The only other English Bishops likely to be considered are the Bight Rev. John Virtue, Bishop of Plymouth, and the scholarly Bishop Hedley, O.S.B., of Newport and Menevia. HIS WHITINGS. The deceased Cardinal was a voluminous writer. Indeed, with the manifold duties of his episcopacy, it is extraordinary how he continued to devote so much time to literature. His works have not perhaps tbe abiding interest and exquisite literary finish of Cardinal Newman's classic productions, but they are all able and scholarly pro ductions, and had a wide circulation and influence. The following are the principal —" The Grounds of faith," 1852 ; " Tern poral Sovereignty of the Popes," three lectures, 1860 ; " The Last Glories of the Holy See Greater than the First," three lectures, 1861; " The Present Crisis of the Holy See tested by Prophecy," four lectures, 1861 ; "The Temporal Power of the Vicar of Jesus Christ," second edition, 1862; " Sermons on Ecclesiastical Sub jects, with an Introduction on the Relations of England to Christianity," 1863; "The Crown in Council on the ' Essays and Reviews:' a Letter to an Anglican Friend," 1864; "The Convoca tion and the Crown in Council: a Second Letter to an Anglican Friend," 1864 ; " The Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost : or, Reason and Revelation," 1865 ; " The Reunion of Christendom : PaBtoral Letter to the Clergy," 1866 ; " The Temporal Power of the Pope in its Political Aspect," 1866; " The Centenary of St. Peter and the General Council," 1867 ; " England and Christendom," 1867 ; " Ireland : a Letter to Earl Grey," 1868 ; u The (Ecumenical Council and the Infallibility of the Roman Pontiff : a Pastoral Letter to the Clergy," 1869; " The Vatican Council and its Definitions : Pastoral Letter," 1870; "Petri Privile gium : the Pastoral Letters to the Clergy of the Diocese of Westminster," 1871; " The Four Great Evils of the Day," 2nd edition, 1871; " The Fourfold Sove reignty of God," a aeries of lectures, 1871; " The Daemon of Socrates," 1872 ; "Caesarism and Ultramoutanism," 2nd edition, 1874 ; " The Internal Mission of the Holy Ghost," 1876 ; '■ The Vatican Decrees in their bearing on Civil Allegiance," 1875, in reply to Mr. Glad stone's "Expostulation;" "Sin and its oonssquences," 1876 ; " The True Story of the Vatican Council," published in the Nineteenth Century, 1877; " Miscellanies," a collection of his minor writings, 2 vols,, 1877 ; " The Catholic Church and Modern Society," 1880; and " The Eternal Priesthood," 1883: besides numerous pamphlets. 