"AUGUR'S " LAST STRAY NOTES.* If Mr. Joseph Thompson had the good luck to bet to big figures on the English Derby he would have recovered a considerable of his last year's losses. All the winter the punters backed Orme freely. There was nothing in it but Orme. What luck to bet to big figures on tlie Jingiisu i Derby lie would have recovered a considerable amount of his last year's losses. All the J -?.ntrr the punters backed Orme freely. v..*. /I Wri .Id approach him ? In England the regular fwJ bet very heavily, and many of them M take 6 to 4 or 2 to 1 in thousands. if the Australian representative ac '' them as they came with these c0® of oriiers he would have a nice little whcil the news was announced that .fL was amiss. This caused the punters M frum their attention to LaFIeche, who, »ith Orme out of the war, was the only one I a a chance. At least so thought the inters and to their cost. Baron Hirsch's fillvwas hacked for very large amounts, but the poor punters were in the wrong box, tor the "arrow" just failed to hit the bull's aIU| a rank outsider named Sir Hugo defeated her cleverly. I can fancy the scene in the ring after this result. How the bookies would roar and scream, while the poor de luded backers would display corresponding sums of abject sorrow ! Wisdom, the sire of Sir Hugo, is a remarkably in-bred horse, for big sire and dam are by full brothers, and the dams both run back to Emilius. Then, again, Sir Hugo's dam is, like Wisdom, a granddaughter of Rataplan, BO that in this pedigree there are three strains of the great sons of The Baron and that wonderful old mare Pocahontas. Touchstone appears twice in the pedigree, and so does stout old Voltigeur, whose name has lately been closely connected with some of the best of England's performers. Mr. William Field, of the Enfield stud, Tasmania, has good reason to he satisfied with his purchase of the Melbourne Cup winner Arsenal, for on the dam's side he is very closely related to Wisdom. With some of the old-fa-shioiied Field mares the sou of Goldsbrough and Powder may produce another Strop to keep up the reputation of the stud. During Mr. W. R. Wilson's stay in Eng land it is quite likely that he will purchase a utallion and two or three mares for his establishment at St. Albans. Robinson Crusoe, whose stock has been so successful this season, is fast approaching the sere and I yellow, and so is First King, while New minster, who is also getting on in years, will probably return to Messrs. Chirnside at the expiration of his lease. The two young stallions are the English horse Eiridsporn and the famous New Zealander Trenton, whose capabilities as stud horses have yet to l>e proved, though the latter has commenced well by giving us !5tra-Weenie. However, "one swallow does not make a summer," nor does & single racehorse prove the success of its sire. 1 hope, therefore, that Mr. Wilson will obtain au English sire, and that it will he a direct descendant in the male line of Voltigeur. I should like to see a son of Oalopin come this way,~ and take up his aWle on that beautiful estate which adorns the banks of the Barwon. We have very few of old Voltigeur's descendants in the male line. I suppose Splendor, who is in Mr. Frank Reynolds's stud, is the best of them. Although he canuot yet lay claim to a first-class performer, many of his sons and daughters nave been returned winners. and_J feel certain that someday the Tocal studmaster will have the satisfaction of seeing some of his sons and daughters rank ing in the very first class. Splendor is a ? son of Speculum, who iB by Vedette. Volti geur's best son, and sire of Galopin, the sire of St. Simon, who was regarded by Fred. Archer as the best hone he ever threw a leg over. Mr. Reynolds's horse is, therefore, correctly bred for a sire on the male side, a«d being from a daughter of Stockwell on.'the dam's side, there is no reason why he should not be a success at the stnd. He is only 12 years old; and should yet do good service for his owner. Mr. WilliamLong informed me when 1 last had a chat with him that he had sent some of the Hobartville mares to Splen dor, and tills act on the part of so shrewd a judge is a compliment to the horse. He told me, too, that he had sent Beveral mares to another descendant of Voltigeur, Lochiel, whose relationship to old " Voiti" is on the dam's side. Lochiel was a most brilliant racehorse, is a beautifully bred one, and should beget some after his own image and excellence. Mr. Long displays wisdom in not confining, his eggs to one basket. Of courae, if he Bad a Chester or Musket at nobartville he would -be justified in patronis ing him freely, hut though lie has Marvellous, the sire of Marcel, in his stud, he is right in not overtaxing the old horse, who will doubt less have a choice collection of the Hobart ville mares. It is because Mr. Wilson is a believer in the same practice that lie keeps so many sires at St. Albans; and in provid ing for the possible exit of one of the old ones l am sure the selection he will make will be one whiuh willgivejsatisfaotion. to most of nJu®geS ot Australia. " the Queensland Turf Club does not appear to be a happy family.' I don't know that it ever has been. When I visited Brisbane Jhree years ago the fact that the paid secre jwy of the olub also made the handicaps did not appear to givesatisfaction. Mr. Pountney. »no acted in the'idonble capacity, impressed me as a man^hd pretty well understood his business, and went on the «ven tenor of his way without taking .tnuoh notice of the abuse that was heaped upon his head by and tbe press, though it was rather ^ anomaly.for Uta to ajBoiiave the ran of p!h o.m,ls °f one journal published in the «cy. Since then .» properly- salaried handi* gpper has been appointed, *nd .Mr. ronntney has been awarded the position. lie£ day a' wire" from Brisbane an nounced-that the Queentland Turf Club had £le?i . wfcoie of lis officials three montii8 notioe.' but nobody seems able n «irlvulLf intftn^Pi11? do-with it, and tfie^club A S? wholesale retrenchment. doh!« naoVe oh the part: of a racing tiihrriri" -,moB*'faj|P&»oioPBlt could mate. theTJAt and stakes-provided alwft»aK« JS81"®0 *0 them-should ^ottoin of queetion is at th* hand^^Li i- i1' hav* Wsvsr yet known* touelit vSe'?mwly, with owner8 of iorsea. he wbSn wtiellow In the world, but duoed.tw, bpstooMr is I 5££ W capper they will 8ftj\ '' G^ fSiLllandl" know, but he cannot separate thi JTi}'kUf men from the crooked " Thpv oil .§ themselves »straight'" aa nTef twist, and bo have a very large nutX, nf those racing men who are continnallv in >eiglnng DgiiinBt the handicapper. A good handicapper will never be popular w^th owners of horses, most of whom unfor e*fect handicftPa to be framed so that their horses can actually win. Thev forget that it is the handicapper'a duty if possible, to place every horse mEn an equably, and make a dead heat of it and while racing existB the official who' will always have an unhappy time will be the i^Uan y" lgned aPP°rtioner of the W612ilvS» The other day in Adelaide some of the breeders of South Australia submitted a number of yearlings to auction, but the prices received could not have paid fortheir rearing! let alone give the breeders any profit 1 K* JnKm\k.e «? guineas was the best price obtained. This did not suit the stud masters, and the opponents of the totalisator were not slow in attributing the low prices to the existence of the totalisator. This argu ment, however, will not lie, for about the same time Mr. Clibborn was engaged in Sydney submitting a number of well-bred yearhngs, many of them by the fashionably bred imported stallion Clan Stuart, yet he could not elicit a bid for most of them and the prices paid for those sold was far less than was received in Adelaide. Now in New South Wales the totalisator is not allowed upon racecourses, and could not have had any effect upon the failure of the Sydney sale. fJ he fm;t is, rich racing men go to the head centres to purchase their year lings. The head centres of Australia are Newmarket and St. Albans (Victoria), where Messrs. Yuille and Co. annually dispose of highly-bred youngsters, and Hand wick (New South Wales), where Messrs. T. S. Clibborn and H. A. Thompson wield the hammer. Some of our wealthy owners would go to far off New Zealand when there were sons of Musket and Xordenfeldt to be obtained, but with the death of the former aud the depar ture of the latter I am afraid the glory of the southern colony as an attractive ground for buyers has departed. The fact is that un less breeders can manage to secure stallions whose descendants are successful upon the turf they will find that breeding thorough bred stock will not pay. If any man had a Musket or a Chester for about a dozen or 15 years he would certainly amass a fortune, but with sires of mediocrity they will never turn over their money again. In the columns of The Amiralastan the other day, I was delighted to notice an announcement that Messrs. Miller had laid out a first-class training track at Mill-park, and erected stabling, trainers' quarters, kc., U|K»n a most improved scale. It is very grati fying to see the wealthy young Victorians who take an interest in sport doing the thing in a proper manner, and I am sure Messrs. Miller will reap the benefit of their liberality : but 1 should like to see them go a little further, and I hope they will excuse me for taking the liberty of making a suggestion. Than Mr. Albert Miller there is no shrewder judge of thoroughbred stock, and I should like to hear of him going to England with the object ol spending ±!10,000 in the purchase of a really good Kuglish stallion and half a dozen brood mares. Excepting Messrs. Dan and William Cooper, who prefer to spend their money in England, there are no young Australians with a jKnchant for breeding who are so well able to carry out such a project. Hoolka is all very well in his way, but he is not good enough ; and if he and the mares, except half a dozen of the most fashionably bred dames, were expatriated from Bacchus Marsh to one of the stations in Riverina, and a good English stallion and half a dozen English mares substituted, Messrs. Miller would not only breed a better and more re munerative class of racehorse, but would do the state some service. Somewhere I saw it announced the other day that there was a probability of the Wil liamstown Racing Club going m for 12 days' racing next season. I hope it is not true, or, if it \>e, that the V.R.C. will not grant the concession. Surely we have enough and to spare of suburban racing, and if there is to be any more the two leading clubs will suffer most. I hear that it is the intention of the sub-committee of the V.R.C. to reintroduce the rule compelling all clubs within a radius of 20 miles of Melbourne to give stakes amounting to £400 per day. This will curtail the leather-Happing to some extent, but if the leading club wishes to compensate racing men for this loss, let it adopt the suggestion of Mr. J. R. Cowoll, and give two or three extra "small days " at Flemington. They would jprovide real sport and enjoyment xor the racing public. So far, at all events, as Victoria is con cerned, it is quite evident that it does not re quire a prizeof 10,000 sovereigns td attract a large entry. We have an example in the entries for the Melbourne and CaultieldCups. To the former the V.R.C. adds the alluring bait mentioned, and owners are not taxed to the extent of a single shilling for the privilege of nominating and running for so magnificent a prize, for all the money paid by them goes bade to the winner. To the Caulfield Oup the V.A.T.C. adds the more modest sum of 8,000 soT., but retains all sums paid in by owners; yet the Victorian entries for the smaller prize outnumber those received for the Melbourne Cap, the V.A.T.C. event having a Victorian entry of 89\. while the Melbourne Cup has six less. A great majority ot the horses nomi nated are the same for both races, and it is very satisfactory to find the Caulfield Cup attracting such performers as it has. Ihe fact of the Victorian entries lor the Caulfield CUD being in excess of those for the^ Mel bourne Cup highly ddtehtedthe enthusiastec secrets ryof the y.A.TiS.» Mr< Harrie Smith, but the Melbourne Cup is more popular with the New South Wales *nep, and when the totals were annouhoed it was touna that the £10,000 prize had attracted one more entry than the Seld Cun, but the big event showed » fallinfroft of 29 from last year's total. Rather * big drop, but last year it was something of a novelty. lamsorryto see tbe name of Marvel rabs«i±, from bot^ lists. Possibly h»s owner did apt like Kg called upon for an explanation feat- Rnrins * or he may be intended for the HobartvifieStud, though J doubt if be will be as Buocessful at theisttid £ he was on toe Krletors ofithe Hobartville StudwiU.do well to remember what a rank failure the great racehorse Tarragon was asa B^l|io>vHe was bred in similarTashiop. It w pjea^ing to see the name of Dreadnought onra more iu ,a*»d ifcwillgwe the^port Melt. Etra-weenie, Malvolio, Megaphone, Strom boli, Ducrow, Carooola, and Tirailleur are sufficient to provide a good field. Mr. W. S. Cor deserved liberal patronage from the owners of horses, if only for that excellent programme he prodded at his Common wealth Steeplechase Meeting last Saturday. A racehorse proprietor who acta BO liberally with his bills-of-fare not only deserves the thanks of owners and the public, but due consideration from the V.R.C. An entry of 92 for the Moonee Valley Gup is very satis factory, albeit the fact of the stake being for two races takes some of the glamour off it. So the black mail has triumphed over the white in the contest for the pugilistic championship of the world. Various excuses have been advanced for the defeat of Slavin.1 That Jackson should have displayed more science was anticipated by all good judges of the " noble art," for it is generally admitted that araongBt big men Jackson stands pre eminent as a scientific boxer. lie does not hit so hard as Slavin, but he hits oftener, and is a regular wonder with that left hand of his. The London papers declare that it was the most scientific exhibition ever witnessed there, but I would rather hear of Slavin fight ing in his own style, which is not altogether scientific. I do not wish in the slightest to detract from the meritorioub victory of Jackson. Among pugilists he is one of the best conducted ever known, and, next to Larry Foley, who taught ftittr the rudiments of his art, he is the most popular that ever figured in the ring in New South Wales. His happy good- tempered manner and general good conduct made him a prime favourite in New South Wales. Slavin never was really popular in that colony, of which he is a native, and there was general rejoicing when it was cabled that the coloured man had proved triumphant; but I must express my opinion as to the cause of Slaving defeat, and it is that he was beaten by champagne and his long association with Charley Mitchell. When I read that nine weeks betore the fight Mitchell and Slavin were painting New York red by the former follow ing nbout the American pugilist Corbett from cafe to theatre, and denouncing him as a cur, and challenging him there and then to fight, Slavin meanwhile being prepared for any emergency, and .swilling champagne in quantities duringthe intervals, I felt that there was a chance of Slavin not being able to get thoroughly lit for his contest with Jackson, who had posted off to England and put him self into strict training. Let Frank Slavin go into proper training, under the guidance, of his old Australian trainer, starting with swinging the sledgehammer, as he did in his youth, following with plenty of judicious work and sea bathing, and appear in the ring weighing 12st» l21b. or 13st of bone and muscle, and there is no man in the world can beat him. . John L. Sullivan is now certain to make the colour line broader than ever, and though he may blather and bluster to his heart's content, he will never meet Peter Jackson. John L. is too good a judge to take on such a job, .and as his histrionic efforte are appre ciated >n his native country he will content himself with a fizzle between himself and Cortwtt, whom Jackson would have l>eaten easily liad he not met with a severe accident through falling from a buggy a short time before he fought a draw with him. Peter Jackson is the first coloured man that ever gained the honour of champion of Eng land, though the title was many years ago nearly wrested from the mighty Torn Cribb by an American black named Molynenx. Some sporting men of Vankeeland having recognised the wonderful ability and power of Molyneux as a pugilist took him to Eng land, and at once flew at the top of the tree by tackling the champion. There can be no doubt that if the darkey had received fair play he would have won. Each man was a Hercules in strength, both were tremendous hitters, and perfect gluttons for punishment. After fighting desperately for some time the Britishers became quite alarmed, for Moly neux had the best of it, and getting Cribb against the ropes held him there with one arm and his chest, and was punching him most unmercifully with the other hand, when some miscreant took a hammer and with it broke the middle finger of the darkey's left hand, with which he was holding Cribb on the ropes. After that Molyneux could notuse the damaged member to any extent, and was beaten, though it was a very close thing, Cribb neing terribly punished. After the fight Molynenx commenced a' drinking bout and contracted 'disease, but another match was made. The English party determined not to throw a "chance away, and the cele brated Captain Barclay took Cribb in hand and trained him himself. He made the champion accompany him to the Highlands of Scotland, where plenty of good work, in cluding walks of 20 or 30 miles a day, was indulged in, and Cribb was sent into the ring fit to fight for his life. Molyneux, on the other hand, was not in anything like the same form, yet he dealt out terrible punish ment to Cribb, who freely reciprocated, and the latter's condition enabled him to win pretty easily in thie end. Another darkey, who would probably have been champion of England had he not com mitted a serions breach of the law just pre vious to being matched against the best man in England, was Black Perry. He came to New South Wales, and of course his fame as a bruiser quickly became noised abroad, with the result that he was not long in being matched against the champion of Australia a New South Wales giant named George Hough, who had been carrying all be fore bim. In those days pugilism was a very popular sport in the sister colony. The ''cornstalks" were very confident of their man's ability to win, but he hadn't the ghost of a show with Perry, who won in three rounds. Success settled Perry. He made plenty of money giving sparring exhibitions, and used to parade the town got up in a broad-brimmed white beaver hat, immense white muslin cravat with a jewelled pin to correspond, green Newmarket-cut coat with large steel buttons, white knee-cords, with top boots surmounted by white satin ribbons; and as he came down the street with his heavy hunting-whip under his arm he cer tainly looked a magnificent specimen of the human animal. He spent his money freely in drink and other pleasures, and some years afterwards found his way to Victoria, but his constitution had been thoroughly under mined. Tom Curran took him in hand, bought him new outfits, and tried to patch him up, but it was no use; and, retiring to New South Wales, I think he died there in one of the country asylums. Peter Jackson, although possessing all the genial and merry characteristics of the African negro, is more level-headed than either Molyneux or Perry, and I expect that he will take care to put by something for a rainy day. He is most popular in Sydney and San Francisco, and in either place will command any amount of patronage. All that he requires to do is to follow the example of an ex-champion of Australia, Tom Curran, who at a green old age is now a respected citizen of Melbourne, and enjoys 