LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, New Year's Day, 1892. To all save Londoners Father Christmas came in the guise of a reformed character. In-<*> stead of the rain and slush associated with so many festive seasons during the past decade iiDgland this year experienced and enjoyea a hard hoar frost It set in on the 21st, and changed the country into a siher fairy land, upon which a red sun shone mistily. The flooded fields became sheets of ice, over which hilarious skaters flew singing with comfort and joy. The keen air exhilarated one better than the finest champagne, co that when the short afternoons closed in and the merry party sat blinking round the fire in the dusk, it was gene rally allowed that never, never had they known Each a perfect Christmas. The frost lasted till Friday night. Then, as after the last stamping round of "Sh-Eoijer" tired dancers were lapping " Good night" cups of hot and fragrant soup, the drip, drip, dnp of rain was noted. Father Christmas had retired and taken the frost with him. Very different was tbe state of affairs in London during this delightful time in the country. For five days and five nights the metropolis was plunged in the gloom of a worse than Arctic fog. At times the darkness could almost be felt, it seemed so dense ana drear and cold. The streets were filled with the hoarse shoutings of the drivers of vehicles which, preceded by torches, moved slowly and painfully along. Business came almost to a standstill, the theatres were empty, even the Telegraph's Christmas gusher failed to find a bright side to the picture. Fortunately, as I have explained, with Christmas Night came the thaw, and Boxing Day proved fine enough to permit of any amount of winter sightseeing. What the aggregate of Christmas correspon dence throughout the country totals there seems to be_ no way of ascertaining. In London, during the four days constituting Christmas, at the G.P.O. this year fifty million letters were dealt with, and a proportionate number of parcels, the additional lot of the latter passing through at this period being over a million. On one afternoon alone the number of parcels containing'puddings filled 40,000 post- office baskets. The extra staff at St. Martin's for Christmas exceeds 4,000, but, not withstanding, tie sorting of the night mail of Thursday (Christmas Eve) was not got through till 3 p.m. the following day. No sooner had the heavy Christmas correspondence been got through last Friday than the ordinary mails for the Cape, India, and Australia had to be made cp. Amongst curious Christmas parcels I see mentioned an open letter from a little girl to Santa Clans asking for "peace, hap- Pmess, joy, and (underlined) a bottle of soent." A bundle from Germany bore the mystic legend " When in a parils" (translated after a time " wearing apparel"), and a Nioe florist ad dreeeed a box of flowers " Hoping yourself and wife are well, from your old pal, B. A." Evi dently the sender knew not English, and had rashly copied this from his correspondent's letter, believing it the address. Another box of Sowers labelled "Mons. Jacques, yours tmly," reached its destination, the recipient being recognised as a prominent Begent-street florist. Mr. Wontner says in his long career he has baa no more harrowing task than that of convincing Captain Osborne of his wife's guilt. Finally the husband went down to the Bank of England, taking his marriage settlement with him. In the governor's parlor the captain carefully compared the signature "Ethel Elliott" on the settlement with that on the traced bank-note. They were identical "Are you quite convinced? 1 asked the solicitor. Osbome could rally nod. It seems on Friday Mrs. Osbome suspected the nature of the com munication the judge had received, and paved the way for the discovery of the £50-note by confessing, or rather pretending to confess, to her husDand that before their wedding an anonymous admirer bad sent her £30 as a present. It was this fable cropping no when it did which aroused in the unhappy Osbome the first chill of suspicion. Up to that time his belief in Major Hargreave's guilt amounted to positive conviction. I cannot agree with the writers who excuse ' Mrs. Osbome on the ground that she was mad. j If the contriver of one of the c'everest plots of modern times is to be dabbed crazy, who can we call Eane? Dr. Trelat, of La Salpetriere, has written, I read, a clever work on mono mania, erotomania, jealousy, dipsomania, equandermania, and kleptomania. Whatever may be their infinite variety and dissimilarity these manias are, he says, all united by two pathognomonic signs never wanting in insane pecple. Firstly, nowhere can such ingratitude be found as this class display. They have absolutely no appreciation of kindness or consideration. Secondly, they listen to no arguments, they follow no advice, and never under any circumstances modify their determination. "Certainly this does, from what we know, fit in with Mrs. Osborne'e characteristics." The most striking thing, perhaps, in the whole case is the following:— On Monday when Captain Osbome im peratively demanded the motive which had forced his wife to crime she solemnly declared she knew of none. The then Miss Elliott was —as she swore at the trial—in no desperate ! strait for money. She robbed her friend ! simply for the satisfaction of having a. large I sum for once in a way to spend. In proof of ! this the handed to her husband the still un- ' spent balance of over £300. Miss Elliott ' reckoned, it seems, on certain circumstances I connected with the Hargreave m&vngc; render- I ing Sirs. Hargreave unwilling to make much public fuss concerning the loss of her jewels. In this ehe was right. The Hargreaves had no ' desire to prosecute. What the over-clever lady ' did not count upon was Captain Osborne% ' chivalrous activity to clear her name. It proved as awkward and embarrassing to her, ' being guilty, as it would have been helpful and consoling had she been innocent. ; The extensive washing of matrimonial dirty ' linen in public which Marius and Florence St. John have gone through does not appear to have benefited either party materially. Legally they are much where they were before the case began, but : morally and socially I should imagine the reputations of both are what Arthur Roberts would call " a bit oft" Of the two it must be ; confessed Marius pulled through the ordeal ; best. In the character of the doting but neglected husband "Mons" was ' highly effective, or would have been i but for the embarrassing episode of Miss ' Marie Suella. "Still," said the culprit, ! when frankly confessing his faux pas, "what ' would you do, Sir Charles, if vonr wife deserted i you? Marie was all I had left." Sir Charles ' Russell will long remember his cross-examina- i tion of the Anglo-French actor. Marius , answered quite respectfully, but again and ! again he discomfited the eminent counsel till : the court rang with laughter. In the same way ' Mr. Gill got the worst of a duel of wits ' with Mr. Cohen, whom Marius accused of : adultery with his wife. Cohen was Harry I Marks'a "sub" on the Financial JTcics till re- ! cently, and was prominently concerned in the various scandals rightly or ' wrongly associated with that eminent city magnate's name. About a year ago when the Eae mine libel case was being tried certain persons would much have liked to get Cohen into the witness-bos. TTnfortu- \ nately, however, be happened to be ill at Scar- j boroughandcouldnotattend.Thiscircumstance I and others prejudiced the jury so that you may remember they gave their verdict in de fiance of the evidence against Marks. In ap pearance Cohen is a replica of Wertheimer and some score of other smart young Jews. He would have seemed well dressed but for the touches of vulgarity observable in a gold-headed ; umbrella, a diamond ring, and a watch-chain ' just a thought too heavy. The jury, as you know, found that Cohen did not commit adul- i tery with Miss St. John and gave him costs, ; which Marius will have to pay. They also found that the charge of cruelty brought by the lady against her husband was false. To adultery Marius confessed. The Court of Appeal has reversed the judg ment of Mr. Justice Stirling with regard to the Savernake estate, and decided that in the interests of all concerned Lord Iveagh's offer of £750,000 must be accepted. In coming to this decision the court explained it was not moved by any sympathy for the tenant for life ' (Lord Ailesbury). That person, said Lord Justice Lindley, could be compendiously de- . scribed as a spendthrift who had brought dis grace on an old and honored family. But the remainder men, the marquis, creditors, and the tenants on the estate, bad all to be con- ■ eidered, and these would be benefited by the sale. Only a very wealthy man could aSovi an estate like Savernake Forest, and neither the heir-apparent nor the heir-presumptive were rich. ', Mr. W. G. Wills, the dramatist, novelist, ard pastellift, who died at Guy's Hospital had a btrangely checkered career. Again and again success came to faint and.he appeared to hare the ball at his feet, bat he did not know how to kick it, and the opportunity somehow slipped by. Wills might, his friends think, have become as prosperous as Pinero and as rich as Geo. E. Sims had he cared to persevere. He began writing novels, and "David Chanter," "The Wife's Evidence," and "'Notice to Quit" (the story of a man suffering from a mortal malady) enjoyed some vogue in their day and may still be picked cp occasionally in two shilling form. Willis's fast dramatic success was the "Man o' Airlie," in which Hermann Vezin made a great name. Irving saw it and got to know Wills. This led to the production of "Charles the First" at the Lyceum in 1872. It tan nearly a year, and "Eugene Aram," a qualified success, followed. In 1876 Miss Heath produced " Jane Shore" at the Princess's and made a big hit. Here Wills met the lessee's young husband, Wilson Jarrett, who years later was to achieve triumphs in his "Claudian" and " Juana." The year 1878 saw Wills again to the fore with "Olivia," but his " Vanderdecken" and "Nell Gwynne" were about the same time com plete failures. "Faust" was the deceased's most recent success, if one excepts "A Royal Divorce,'" nor running at (be Olym pic. Mr. Willa'e great defect" V^«"** be had no eenw of humor. Andrew tsngjnHaa him ap thns—He would willingly have bC' tered all his successes with the pen for otta ■Kith the brush. Bat he had never mastered the technique of painting; and snoh sense of the want of it as he was compelled to derive from the censures of the critics and the indiffe rence of the public fretted his heart out. As a pastellist he was much more suocsasfuL He had several commissions fromroyalperaonages; he more than once travelled to Windsor "by command;" and he might hare basked for ever in the sunshine of royal favor if he had been more of a courtier. He loved his ease, and all personal share in the simplest mani festation of the pomp of life was to him a hate- ; ful servitude. In character and disposition he was an Oliver Goldsmith bom a century too late. He was more lavish of liis guineas in perfectly hopeless loans than even his great original.. He had a real gift of absence of mind; his childlike simplicity stood him in lien of wit. He was the hero of one or two Stones of absolute self-forgetfolness which onght not to be allowed to die. He was a good eon, a warm and generous friend, and, in all else, no man's enemy but his own. The defeat of Michael Davitt by the Par nellite leader at Waterford last week was a nasty surprise for the Nationalists, and will materially hearten up their opponents. English Home Balers sigh, for of coarse this Parnellite victory means simply prolonging the civil war in Ireland and playing into Tory hands. Waterford was known to be the great Parnellite centre, bub Davitt'a powerful per sonality would, the Nationalists believed, easily overcome fealty to the dead. They reckoned without Mr. Redmond. This young man has brains, and if he and his small party can win, as seems now quite likely, a few seats at die general election they will be a thorn in the McCarthyites' side. The deaths of Sir Thomas Chambers (the Recorder of London) and Sir Win. White (H.M. Ambassador at Constantinople) remove 'two well-known figures—the one from city, the other from diplomatic, circles. Neither was a specially interesting man, but both were excep tionally useful. Sir Thomas, for more years than the junior bar can remember, presided at the Old Bailey, and a sounder criminal judge till he grew old and deaf has never been known there. Sir William White was a self- made man. Accident placed him first of all in a email consular appointment at Warsaw. Of this he made such use that in 1873, 'after hold ing various intermediate berths, he rose [to be Gonsul-General to Servia. This was the be ginning of his acquaintance with tie rulers and politicians of the minor states between Russia and Turkey, and it served to give him a series of object lessons on a subject which is essen tially an aggregate of details. Here and later at Bucharest, where Sir William was appointed Minister, he was in the thick of a seething mas? of petty plots. In 1885 Sir William temporarily replaced the English Minister at Constantinople. Whilst he was there a criti cal moment came. Servia and Bulgaria quarrelled and fought. Servia had the worst of it, but as she had powerful friends and backers, and the craven king had a sharp tongued wife, it was no easy matter to make wounded pride consent to the humiliation of defeat At any moment this miserable little conflict might have become the prelude to a general war. Sir William White compelled them to shake hands almost in spite of them- Eelves. His success marked him oat for the highest promotion. In 1886 he became her Majesty's Ambassador to the Sultan, and ever dnoe the " unspeakable Turk" has been as wax in our hands. Sir William was just 70. He died at Berlin, where he was spending Christ mas, of influenza. Though the obituary for 1891 contains the names of several dramatic authors, to wit, Messrs. Palgrave Simpson, Gilbert a' Beckett, Robert Recce, Maddison Morton, and W. G. Wills, it is again noteworthy (as in 1890) that actors and actresses, notwithstanding their wearing lives, seldom figure in the role of what Mr. TtiantnUni would call a "demnition damp body." Barry Sullivan and W. J. Florence are positively the only prominent actors who "went oat" is 1891, and I can think of no actresses. Literary men and women, on the contrary, were mowed down. Here are a few names:—A. W. Kinglake, Jno. Latey, Mary Linskm, Jessie FotbergilL A. C. Ewald, Russel Lowell, J. D. Morell, Pro feseor Young, Jno. Lang (Manchester Examiner), Madam Blavatsky, Hy. Samp eon {" Pendragon"),;and Jas. Etmciman. The canker worm of corruption has eat.-n very deeply into the social and political pillars of the Russian Constitution. The heartrending appeals for aid to the starving peasantry o£ the empire have been answered generously by nearly every European nation, but if we can place implicit belief in the statement of a •'Russian official of high rank " (his name for obvious reasons is not given) the thousands of pounds subscribed for the relief of the famine- Stricken people have mainly gone to swell the coffers of the Czar's officials and other inter mediaries. The same authority states that the famine is likely to become chronic; the peasants may be kept alive, bat there is no means of restoring their stock, one half ot which they have already killed. The calamity is.the result of " thirty years of bad manage ment" in every administrative department. The mood of the peasants themselves is dis couraging; "they are at once apathetic and desperate." In brief a political and com mercial cataclysm is imminent, and neither in the people nor in the rulers is there power to avert it Probably there is a touch of exag geration in all this, at all events one hopes there is, but the depth of national corruption may be gauged by one solid and indisputable fact—a sum of twenty thousand roubles sent to the branch of the Bed Cross Society at Oria for distribution among the starving peasantry has been made away with by the officials. From St. Petersburg comes the news of another gigantic fraud in connection with the famine. A large consignment of barley floor was recently purchased by the Urban committee of St. Peters burg from some Liban factors. When the flour reached the capital it was discovered that the entire consignment, amounting to 300,000 poods (nearly 5,000 tons) was heavily adulte rated with all manner of non-farinaceous and unwholesome substances. An official analysis further showed that the flour consisted in "great part of dust which was positively dangerous to public health. The Novoe Vremya, the leading organ of the city, which first discovered the scandal, exhibits samples of the so-called flour in its editorial offices ' Commentingontheaffairthejournal pertinently observes that if such frauds can be perpetrated in the capital the appalling accounts of similar proceedings in toe far-off country districts can not be so exaggerated as some people are dis posed to believe. That this fearsome story of commercial immorality (does it not deserve some harsher name ?) is not the mere imagin ing of a Kihilist or Russophobist English cor respondent is proved by the fact that the ultra- I loyal newspaper, the XTowsti, has published an analysis of the flour, and one which proves conclusively that the officials did not lie when they declared the stuff to be injurious to human health. The price paid for the abomi nably adulterated flour was a very good one— above that usually asked for the best quality. For the Liban merchants and the officials of the Bed Cross Society of Oria there is but one ample punishment—the knout and Siberia. It would seem that with even the tremendous task of relieving and pacifying a starving and well-nigh rebellious peasantry the Governors of the various Russian provinces can find time to prosecute the persecution of the unhappy Jews. FromMoscowwelearnthattlieposition of the Semitic race in that town has changed for the worse. The Times correspondent shows the situation pretty plainly in a telegram to that paper. He says:—" In Slay and June of this year the Jews still in Moscow received from the Governor-General permits for six months' residence. They were at the same time informed that if they desired a prolonga tion of those permits they must in the autumn address a petition to that effect to the Governor- General. This they have now done, but only to receive a refusal. By this decision hundreds of families, nearly all belonging to the laboring class, must now, in the depth of winter, seek liomefc elsewhere. A second measure of the Government has caused still more distress among the Jewish population in the country districts. In the governments of Vilna and Kieff the expulsion of Jews from the villages bad hitherto not been very strictly enforced. Since the middle of November, however, the situation has changed. Jews who till now bave been tenants of mills or crofts, or hare worked as overseers or day laborers on the farms cf Christians, have been ordered to return to the gbetti of the town to which their parents belonged. In many instances the victims have followed agricultural employment for three genera tions and are complete strangers in the town to which they must return. Tha law known as the Fifty Verst Xiaw —the law for bidding a Jew to live within fifty verets of the frontier of tie empire—is also being carried out with great severity. In Kaminietz (rcdokk) the Jews, who have been settled there sines Russia took possession of the country—that is to say, for rcore than a century—have been ordered to withdraw to fifty vcrEts from the frontier line. The Duniher of Jews who have in ths last few wetks been deprived of all they rns?ES&ed; amounts to hundreds of thousands?' From Wilna comes a strange story:—A Jewish merchant of Duisehe, had two very handsome daughters who had for some time attracted the attention of some roues vi Wilna. The merchant, one Salo Zimmerman, was asked to have the girls christened, and when he refused one of them disappeared. Zimmerman searched for his child, but without avail, until one day he received an anonymous letter which said the girl was concealed in. the house of a woman on the outskirts of the hamlet. Here she was found chained, to the wall of a cellar. The woman when questioned declared the girl's father paid her to keep the daughter chsuntd. to keep iier out of the 1 clutches of the Russians, This story both Zimmerman and his daufrhter denied, and the i latter declared she had been forced into lbs woman a house against her wilL The father I without further ado was throes into prison. I Thj>Birlwa? baptised despite her opposition, tnid wiU be married to a Russian shopkeeper £n a few days. Her unhappy parent is to" iOB charged with illtnatias his daughter*. ffs persecutors will bully fail to get him oooriG^dand sentenced to imprison ment. In such ? case the fate of thegms can better be imagined then described. JEVsn if the shopkeeper marries one of the girls he trill have no difficulty in casting her off when he grows tired of her. The three celebrated cases—&e; Bnsself separation suit, the St. John divorce, and the slander case—which have of late occupied the attention of the English-speaking world have drawn close attention to the offensive and impertinent methods of croes-exaranation which prevail in the English courts of rastioa. There has been a very warm correspondence in the Times on the subject, and it is evident the days of bullyragging and terrorising' by counsel ' must Boon cease. At present protected by "privilege" and acting upon "instrectSot?" counsel scatter irrelevant and ofttimes bsE?lea? innnendoes in scch a fashion t&at; the witness box has become as serious a terror to honest citizens as the felon's dock is to the rogue. The right of cross-examinatica, says the paihi Graphic, is no doubt a valuable one, and it would be impossible for the "most es? perieneed jurist to lay down any hard-and-fast lines as to the limits within which the exer cise of that right ought to be restricted. Circumstances alter cases, and the combination of circumstances which occur in the law courts are infinitely varied. At the same time, there is a general feeling that the privileges of counsel have of late been very maoa abused. To appeal to them to put their questions with more consideration for the feelings of hostile witnesses would, no doubt, belabor lost, but one may, at feast, express a hope that our judges will more frequently interfere to protect witnesses from irrelevant aspersions upon their character." This mild expostulation has been repeated in varied and stronger terms by many people in letters to the papers, and it is to be hoped that for the sake of justice our leading legal luminaries will take note of it, for at present it is difficult to get men and women to face the ordeal of the witness-bos,- -except under compulsion ' of ' subpoena. ■ ■' : " ' Among the numerous side issues raised by '- the famous pearl case one or two are worthy of notice as being likely to bring fbrdi legislation on certain matters. First the position of Captain Osborne suggests me remark that in - French law a divorce .can be obtained irom any person condemned to an infamous punish ment, while no such relief is obtainable in England, even where one of the patties is sen tenced for the term of natural life. Another thing they seem to do better in France is the making it illegal to pay down purchase- money of plate and jewellery without goinr to the seller's home and there taking down his name. The jewels for which Mrs. Oaborae forfeited everything worth possessing in this world are now safely lodged at Coutts'e, the lnmV""?. in the trial fell to pieces whilst in transit back to Torquay, " by favor of the railway authori ties," as a contemporary sarcastically remarks. Mr. Marion Crawford's " Chronicles of the House of Saracjnesca" win be concloded io ATacmillan's magazine next year with a story called "Don Orsino." Orsino readers of " Sant Ilario" will remember was the son of the jealous Giovanni Saracinesca and the beautiful Corona. Mr. Crawford has done nothing better than his brace of Bnmmi novels, which brilliantly picture a state of Booiety now entirely passed away. What a vivid bit of descriptive writing, for example, is the duel chapter in "Saracinesca." In the opinion of many, indeed, it stands out as the beet duel in contemporary fiction, even surpassing Dickens's pistol affair in " Nicholas Niekleby."*' "Tees of the D'TJrbervffles" relates the history of a good-looking peasant girL who whilst young and ignorant of the gravity' of her sin against society allows a better- off relative to seduce her. A child is bom, but dies soon, and Tess makes a fresh Btart in another part of Wesses. Here the the hero, a shocking prig named Angel Clare, woos, and after some demur, wins and marries the young woman. Teas makes several attempts to tell Angel of her faux pat before marriage, but he frustrates them, and it is not till the first night, when the pair are "canoodling'2 after tea, that her opportunity wises. Then as the bridegroom confesses to certain little affairs in the past, for which he is duly forgiven, the bride thinks her turn has come and tells aU. But what is sauce for the gander is not sauce for the goose. Instead of leniently overlooking Toss's]peccadillo, as she has'done his, Aneel behaves in a perfectly fiendish manner and casts his wife off. In rain she appeals to his love and compassion, and writes letters which would melt the heart of a stone. Clare rushes off to Brazil, and a long time elapses before his disposition towards Tees changes. Eventually, however, it does change, and he returns home remorseful. Bab 'tis too late. Poverty and the Macohiavellian designs of her first betrayer have enmeshed the dtseited wife, and in despair of ever seeing* Angel again Tess has become die rioh man's mistress. After meetinp her repentant husband the miserable woman is distraught with agony and regrets, so that it requires very few taunts on her lover's part to make her stab him to the heart. She then flies after AngeL The pair try and escape by unfrequented toads to the Eea, but are eventually captured at Stonehenge. In the last chapter Tess is hanged, and Angel after seeing the significant black flag hoisted on the prison flagstaff leaves Wesaex. Mr. Hardy has written nothing quite so gloomy arid pessimistic as this story before. He evidently believes too his sequence of events is strictly logical. Mrs. Kingsley, widow of Charles Kingsley, died on Saturday hist at an advanced age. She helped her husband materially in his work, writing out nearly the whole of "Alton Locke" and "Hypatia" from dictation. Mrs. Kingsley was the youngest of the seven daughters of the late Mr. Pascoe Grenfell, M.P., of Taplow Court, all of whom were extremely graceful'accomplished women and married well. One became the first Lady Wolverton, another Mrs. J. A. Froude,a third Mrs. Max Mueller, and a fourth Lady Sydney Godolphin Osborne. Charles Kingsley's youngest daughter, Mary, married the Rev. W. Harrison, rector of Clonelly, in Devon, and is known to the world as " Lucas Malet,'1 author of "The Wages of Sin." The 1892 volume of that excellent work of reference, "HazeU's Annual,''is nearly twice the size of its immediate predecessor and con tains a number of new features. The most important of these are the brief biographies of new thinkers, writers, and workers, and really admirable retrospects of acoomoushments in. art, music, drama, literature, " and acienoe during the twelvemonth. Close upon 200,000 copies of Mr. Stead's " Beat Ghost Stories" have already been sold. Nothing like this has ever been known in the trade in such a short time before. Mr. Rudvard Kipling's reputation has been. upheld at Oxford. By 62 to 53 the union decided that the popularity of hisnovelswasnotasign of the worthlessness of popnlar taste. Barrie has for the time being quite bowled out Kipling. Mndie, who onght to know, says "The Little- Minister" is having a greater vogue for a three-volume novel than any work of notion '. since " Adam Bede." Barrie himself tells me . he is deluged with commissions, some of them "on your own terms."' "He would like dow to abandon his contraotfor the Illustrated iVors, he could do so much better. Naturally, however, the proprietors mean to hold him tight to it. This work will be a three-volume novel of theatrical life and follow Me. Haggard's new story, commencing about March nest. Mr. Barrie means to abandon journalism and devote himself entirely to novel and play writing in future. Of the new serials in the January magazwes the most promising are Mr. Hugh Seton Memman'e "Slave of the Lamp" (a tale of journalistic life in London), in CorxMU; Suss Helen Shipton's "Alston Crucis" in Ooad. Words ; and " Atmt Anne" (anon) in Temple Bar. Siribncr's appears in a new cover, but is tco American, as regards contents, for English tastes. Barpir's contains a short story yon mutt on no account miss. It is called \A. Fourth-class Appointment," and from its sympathetic understanding of tie simple subtleties of village life in Massachusetts might be by Miss Wfllrins. The author, how. ever, is Margaret Delano, of " Jao. Ward, Preacher" fame. The cheap 2s. Gd. (Is. Sd. minus discount edition of Black's novels initiated with "A. Daughter of Hetk," promises exceeding wall. Type, binding, and general get-up are excel lent for the money, and, indeed, for all par poses. Haifa crown is the utmost this gene ration care to give for a novel, unless it be something wholly exceptional, nowadays. Of. the 25 of Mr. Black's promised reissue I shall^ buy, perhaps, six, vis., "A DaughteroCHeth, " A Princess of Thole," "Sunrise," "MadepdC i of Dare," "Shandon Bells," and *tln Faej Lochaber." The two first are, of course, ia* i measurably superior to the rest, and will osr : tainly livelongafterEuchwearisoma?acohsjMfce 1 eettimentalitMs as th? "Adventures o£ a '< Houseboat" and White Wings?' ha vs. been consigned to the luabo of forgotten ftction. I know it sounds philistane to say so, but I never] could appreciate the popular " Adveatures of .a Phaetoa." Toe, much of even wholesome treacle oaueeates.. "Mac leod of Dare" is a capital novel, raoliably t\m mc&t; powerful story its author oas wnttaa. "Sunrise," too, one should not.pass, fort?U Mr. Black strikes a fresh note clfs^riy. Several others, notably /' Madcap Violet^,* and "Green Pastures and Piccadilly," an*worth reading but rot bnying. Of the moreliat's later efforts, " In Far Lochaber" andj "Donald Rose of Heimra" deserve mentis*. In the preface which, with a capital portrait, adorns .. the new "Daughter of Beth," tSx. Black says he had thought of rewriting kk earlier haoks. Thank heaven someone dissuaded fc.HB: What xrr.e wotidvri? if, does he suppose *,'is worn nJic'dle-agcfT'imagination <.tMld a'ld to tha tAqufeiie fitshntts ai>d elaiity of "A Princess vr Tbule-" 7 Ihe "features"' of th« '•• annual" at Drury X ane this Christmas iC not specially original are carried out with true Hamsian lavishoesa. Moreover (an 4 this is the thing) they please tU« i-hildrea immensely. The curtain has hardly gonu up 1V? minuti>3 and the hero of '• Humpty Dunipty" fallen from the historic vail before the ''Dolla At Home' sees every liitte oue crowing with delight. Herein the t-tice represents a palatial interior with a utjble staircase, down which come tiling whole ttgiments of animated dolls, wax dolls with <iuiited hoods, wooden dolls with flat bodies i.nd no clothes, gorgtous silken punchineUos, unbreakable rag dolls, soldier and sailor dolls, lubber dolls, black Zulus, collapsable babies, in fact every description of doll known to the Lowther Arcade, or the Paris Bon Marche. •Several hundred persons are employed in this tetne alone, which is, however, a trine beside the grand procession of nations later on, one Kit those sumptuous displays Charles Harris understands so welL Far more original, how iver, than the procession i& the ballet in the viange grove. Here the laden trees louk lively, and an admirable surprise occurs when tlie oranges torn out to be electric lamps. The th esses of the ballet are also studded with t -urea of tiny electric lights, which the wearers f■. i:ch off and on in unison with immense «-S«.-t. Of tbe comic scenes the land of Cutkaigne, where salads grow ready dressed, sirloins are suspended on trees, bottles of champagne shoot out of the ground, and roast tucking pies run about crying "eat me," is the beet. Far more prominence is given to coniic scenes at Old Drury nowadays than was the case a few years back, and with such genuine comedians as Dan Leno, "Little Tich," Herbert Campbell, and Retty Walton to wort them up laughter is continuous. The (neat star of the year at the music halls almost invariably figures in the Drury- lane pantomime as hero or heroine. Looking back one recalls Lady Dunlo, Harriet Vernon, Dot Mario, and Ed. Leamar in one or other capacity. This anniversary Miss Marie Lloyd ("Wink the Other Eye") naturally enacts "Princess All fair," the robust Fanny Leslie, supporting her as "King Dulcimer." Old Harry Payne, who was absent last year, once again dons motley to wish us in good old style "A Muddy Christmas and a Sloppy New Year," but the day of Grimaldi's clown has passed. Even out children find his red-hot poker antics Jf-t-s amusing than voting Lauri's and Evans's ■Irolleries "On the Tiles." Tbe latter in I'ierrot costumes represent the new school of • lown, and to them the greater part of the brief harlequinade is now given up. Sir Augustas Harris bis by degrees made the Drrrry Xiane annual a unique production. At first his pantomime was merely the best of «veial mt the West-End, then it became a f;uLoua but terribly heavy spectacle. Mr. Harry Nicholla undertook to alter this, and Blanchard's death gave him the opportunity. The mixture of nursery story, spectacle, broad fun, and bright taking music, is now happily ad jutted, and delights alike grandparents and grandchildren. Truth compels us to state that Wyndham's Bob Sackett is not what it was fifteen years aco. Then his high spirits and vivacity were infectious because spontaneous; now yja can tee the actor works, and works hard. Possibly, too, "Brighton," like Byron's comedies, has Lad its day and seems old fashioned. The ] H-ee draws good business at present and ) tobably will continue to do so, as lots of the rising generation want to see the volatile Charles in his most famous part. The figures which Sir Augustus Harris has given Harry How for his interview in the new Strand magazine must many of them be taken cvm grano. For instance, it is no doubt true that the scenery and dresses for the Drury lane Tunitnmi'ma cost from £16,000 to £20,000, but Six Augustus gets something consider able back by leasing or selling the scenery afterwards* to i provincial and Continental theatres. Tnedres?es,armor,andpropertiesused at Old Drury are also disposed of secondhand and fetch surprisirjgly large sums. The famous manager Eaya the procession of nations in "Humpty Dumpty" will cost £5,000 in cos tisn.es, but did not add that of that sum he rcay get £1,000 back. This, at any rate, was the amount paid for the secondhand dresses of the Bird ballet at Old Drury. The greatest care is taken of the dresses .by the wearers and wardrobe folk. Woe betide the super or ballet zirl whom the eagle-eyed stage manager detects with a button missing or a lace tarnished. "Fine Miss Brown a shilling, Jones," says he to his subordinate. Sir Augustus told Harry How last opera season returns and expenditure about balanced, the former amounting to £80,819. Ke spent £15,000 on mounting "Otello," and t!.e year before "Borneo c Guuietta" cost •-■ <-n more. Of course this is all laying up so i. noncapital. Covent Garden can now mount a ).: rger number of operas in first-class style than mjv theatre in the world. As some GO to 70 important Two-year-old brakes dose and name on New Tears Day trainers generally try and get a hue about their yi arlirg? in Christmas weekehould the weather \f open. Unfortunately the frost stopped thvm this anniversary till Saturday and bun r>:>y last, when a few rough gallops took place. Tie best yearling trial on record was that of tl c famous Peter, by Hermit out of Lady Jlaabam, on Christmas Day, 1877. General Ptel galloped him over three furlongs with ihe Eix-year-old Wanderer, the latter conceding 10 lb. Peter won by a head. In March Peter could give Wanderer 7 lb., though the latter secured cue race at Northampton and ran the speedy Oxonian to a head in another at even weights. Another smart yearling trial v.-xs that of M. Xiefevre's Ecossaia whom Jennings proved collaterally to be as good a> Prince Charlie, then in his prime, at 3 stu Alter a triumphant two-year-old career, Ecosfais started favorite for the Two Thousand of 74, won by Atlantic As a three-year-old this French colt was a failure, but later he proved the fastest beast in naming over five furlongs. General Pearson tried Lord Lyon and Gardevisure very highly as yearlings; indeed the latter cantered away from a field of contemporaries and won by f*ren lengths. More recently The Bard and Semolina indicated promise as yearlings. OE those "rougbed-np this week one hears good accounts of the youngsters of his Grace of Portland. They are not, however, particu larly forward, and will not be pressed. About Ascot we shall, however, probably see the black-and-white colors prominently carried by Caithness (a brother to Ayrshire and half- Irother to Donovan). 