' How (Shall We Decide Tliis Question ?' JV'tfir, tch ich is the worse — to hart no ap' petite pour dinner , or to Atfrr no dinner for pour appetite '. There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this qaeslion. When 'good di gestion waits 00 appetite and health 00 both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meal6. Rut most of us are not blessed in I that way ; we either have too much food with out an appetite, or a vigorous appetite with* oat enough to satisfy it. Diflerect folk will answer this question differently, yet the com mon sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without 1 a dibser, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a nealthy man ; wkereaB a man who ought to eat and doesn't fe*l like eating, stands in need of 'alterations and repairs.' to illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer says, ' [ was j afraid to eat ' Did he fancy his food was poissned, or did his nature rel-tl against the nourishment lived on? If the latter, why? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, 'In tbe year 1SS9 I changed my wore irom railway porter to signalman. 1 had been signalman twelve months, and then all at one*, so to speak, I did not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so that ordinary articles of diet seemed to lose their flavour ; the paUte, to put it in that way, appeared to have ? othiog to aay to them. One thing was like another, and none was gor-d. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark tine down the middle aod yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite po--r, with pains through the che&t; and shoulders, which were always right before I h*d eaten any thing. Then 1 was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if it would choke me.' I We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls 41 a pricking sensation' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was at tacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded,' he says, 'the thought ot eating, and manp a wanty meat hare / made, for I was afraid to eat. ' After a time I got into a low, weak, ner vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and tbis caused , me to lose a good deal ot sleep.' j | »* nai. ne means uy me iimm ui surreiniog : going to happen' is, of course, the fear of eome calamity, such as the lrss of his posi tion, his own death, or the death of some body dear to him. This was due, as be inti mates* to the impoverished state of his hlood (the life bearer), his unstruog nerves, aod to j the brain enfeebled by tack of nourishment. The night of this form of illness is always 1 full of ghosts and goblin^ the creatures of a ; restless aod ungoverned Imagination. ' With great difficulty,' he says, ' I stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de rending on me. So 1 struggled on, but what suffered for over two years is past my powers of description. lam sure no one hat Mvffered eo much as I have done.' In the latter statement he is undoubtedly wrong. One's own pain is oneV own, and » always harder to bear than is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the same wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found him he chanced to read in a book of a case exactly like hi * own having been cured by Mother Soigel's Syrop. ' My wife,' he says, ' got me a Bottle at Mr. Langstaffs, io Wood leNford, and after using its contents the ail ment left me and has never returned slncc that fortunate dav. I should like the whole world to know what it did for mc. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years. (Signed) '(jKoitrsK Hunt, 4 'Car Bottom Road, 41 Apperlev Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish tbls by Mr. Hunt's desire, in order that part of the world at least may know how thankful he is and for what reason. Av a floo/irmatfoo At Strassburg, the Bifthop . I asked a nretty poubrette the usual question of ! the Helalclberg tfatfighism 11 What is your j only consolation in I Ua apd death ?' 1 he noophyte blushed and hesitated,. Xho first question was repeated, and then glifi sfcamrperpd out:— -( The youpg shoemaker Id the pe*i etceet,' 14 Jr was a woman,' sneered Harris, 'who first tempted man to eat !' 11 Kxactly,' re torted Mrs. Harris, M but It was ontirelv on his own accouut he afterwards took to dttnk.' Mb .ToysooVYi 'What Is the dl&arenpe; between an Idiot and a fool, my dear T' M r*. Tonnoody (pleasantly) : 41 1 don't knowf but if 1 made a guess f'd nay an Idiot wouUln'tabit such a question/' 