FICTION. OLD BARITONE'S WIDOW. THE cool June light was sifting through the screen of grape leaves that veiled the milk-room window from the inquisitive glare of the sun; the bunch of scarlet field, lilies in the handleless bine pitcher was scarcely faded yet: and Columbine Carter, skim ming the leathery folds of wrinkling cream from the broad pans, wore a heightened colour on her cheeks as she listened to Mim Decima Johnson's words. " Will Hamerslie going to marry the widow Baritone?" said she. "I don't believe a word of it!" " You can believe it or not, just as you choose, Biny Carter," said Mies Decima, bridling; " but it's as true as tbe text of Parson Dillingham's next Sunday sermon. Why shouldn't he marry her, I'd like to know J" Biny Carter—pronounced "Beeny"wss fair and plump and smooth-skinned, with tender bine eyes, and lips redder than any wild plum. Miss Decima was sallow and spectacled, with angles enough for a new edition to "Euclid." "One reason is," Biny answered slowly, " that he is engaged to me." That don't make no difference," said Miss Decima, with a malicious chuckle; " now that breach-o'-promise cases are out of fashion, men think they can do as they please. And Mrs. Baritone is a very nice looking woman yet, if she is gone sixty, and you know there's the legacy she's just received from old Uncle Baritone's bacfae- : lor brother, up in Ctica. And Will 1 Hamerslie always did set store by money 1 His father, as every one knows, was a miser before him !" Biny Carter went on skimming her milk with compressed lips, and a new sparkle in her eyes. She was too prond, before Decima Johnson, to let the tears fall, which were already obscuring her vision. " Of course, he can do as he pleases," said ahe. " Oh. of course. Nobody doubts that," 1 retorted Decima Johnson. " But the main thing I came for was to ask if yon were going to the donation party to- mor row afternoon 1" ' "No," said Biny, shortly. "Father] j does not approve of donation-parties." g I " Mrs. Baritone and Will Hamerslie are to be there," slyly suggested Mies Decima. i " Are they 7" said Biny. " That makes ] no difference to me." j "Ob !" said Decima; and then, seeing 1 old Squire Ball jogging past in hie road- I waggon, she suddenly remembered that she had promised a crochet-pattern to I Mrs. Ball ; and taking a hurried leave of i Biny Carter, she bounced out into the fervid summer flow of the outside world and disappeared. Then, and not until then, Biny sat down by a bubbling little spring walled up in the corner of tbe milk-room, and i cried. *' And are all men like that, I wonder 1" said Biny, addressing her own reflection in the limpid poo). " If they are, I think I'll go and be a nun. Mrs. Baritone, in deed ! A woman old enough to be Mb mother ! And the widow of that drunken old fiddler who fell over the Lime Olifia, three years ago, and perished as miserably as be had lived. And all because of—a legacy 1 Ob, Fve no patience with peo ple !" And then Biny cried harder than ever, and tried to convince herself that the whole story was not true, but only an off shot of Decima Johnson's imagination. Bat it was true. In some things Miss Decima Johnson's tongue had only borne a correct witness. Willard Hamerslie bad inherited somewhat of his miserly father's griping, grinding temperament. He was emphatically a money worshipper, and bad allowed himself to be dazzled by the widow Baritone's legacy. Mrs. Baritone herself was a trim, neat waisted little woman, who looked many years younger than her actual age. Peo ple were uncharitable enough to say that she had become young Bitice the sudden death of her husband, whose numerous faulta and back-slidings had kept her per petually on the ragged edge of apprehen sion. "He was a trial. Baritone was," con fessed the widow, candidly. "There ain't no denyin' that. Bat I never knew how much store set by him until they ' brought his poor battered hat out of the lime kiln, and told me that was all that was left of him ! Poor, dear Baritone ! He always said that woman hadn't no business to marry again ; but he Dever could hare foreseen this legacy. How is a poor female to invest it without a little advice ? And, really, Mr. Hamerslie is so pressing; and I've lived a solitary life for three years, come next October, and " The last conjunction was swallowed up in a deep sigh. Plainly, the citadel which represented the widow Baritone's heart wbb about to surrender at discretion. She sat there in tbe neatly-kept kit chen, knitting away, in her black calico gown and black-ribboned cap, when Mr. Hamerslie came in that dfternoon. How was she to know that he had just been cloBiug ■ up that little account in Love's ledger with Columbine Carter? How was she to dream of Biny's scornful tears, her indignant rejection of the man's miserable subterfuges ? " You have never loved me, "said Biny. "If yon had, you never could have left me in this way. Go to your rich widow ; I, for one, will never Btand in your path. Nor shall I stoop to enlighten her as to the true character of the man she is about to marry." So BiDy had dismissed ber lover. Will Hamerslie had winced a little. It was not the sort of parting whieh he had pictured to himself. It robbed him of all dignity and aplomb. But it conldn't be helped. Columbine was such an impetuous little thing, that she never allowed him the op portunity to utter the smooth speech which he had so carefully committed to memory. It was awkward, but it was un avoidable. Mrs. Baritone smiled broadly upon her young wooer as he entered her presence. " So you've come back again," said she. He eat down, and took her hand. " Do you think I could loDg remain away from you 1" " That's all nonsense," said Mrs. Bari tone. But nevertheless, she did not with draw her hand. " Yon promised me your answer to day," said he. "Ynn can imagine how eagerly lam waiting for it I" "Well, really, I don't know what to say," simpered Mrs. Baritone. "If I believed you really loved me " "Can you doubt it, Melissa?" softly whispered Bammerslie, thinking of the ten- thousasd-dollar legacy from old Uncle Baritone's bachelor brother. "But I'm so roach older than yon are." "Lore does not go by the calendar," reasoned Mr. Hamerslie, tenderly! " And Baritone always objected to se cond marriages," persisted the widow. " But Baritone is dead and sods !" im patiently retorted the lover. " What can he possibly have to do with it!" Just then occurred one of those marvel lous happenings which have given rise to the saying that " Truth is stranger than fiction." The front door—which, accord ing to the rustic custom of the place, was never locked—swung slowly open, and in the doorway stood the well- known figure of—old Uncle Baritone himself! ''Hello, Melissl" was his greeting. " You seem to be enjoyin' of yourself pretty well 1 And who the dickens is this young man f" Mrs. Baritone jumped up with a scream. Mr. Wiltard Hamerslie caught up the poker aud straightway retreated behind the cooking-stove. " If you are a ghost 1" screamed the widow, "don't come any nearer!" " If you are a tramp, get out of thia house 1" roared Hamerslie, brandishing the poker after a most threatening fash ion. "I ain't neither one nor the other," aud the apparition, leisurely seating it self. " It's me 1 Benjamin Baritone, aa every body supposed was killed in the lime pits 1 But I wasn't. I bad the luck to tumble out of the kilns, as I'd tumbled in, and I was that ashamed, as I took my self off for good and all, says I to inyBelf: ' Old fellow, your wife is ashamed of you, and ao is everybody else. And you ain't of no uBe in the world, except to go fiddl ing around to barn frolics snd husking bees.' So I smashed my fiddle, and X ran away. But times is bard, and it ain't easy to pick up a livin' when a man gets to my time of life, ao here I am back again! Aud I've signed the temperance pledge, and I mean to stick to it, this time. Give me s kiss, old girl!" And so the widow Baritone was a widow no longer. " Won't you stay to sapper, young men ?" said old Uncle Baritone, hospit ably, as he saw Will Hamerslie feeling abont for his hat under the table. But Mr. Hamerslie declined the invitation. Mr. Baritone enjoyed the legacy, him self—nor was his wife altogether dissatis fied at the unexpected turn which things had taken. "He always was a good husband," said she, "except in the matter of ardent spirits. And in that there particular, he's a reformed man. And really no one couldn't imagine how cheerful his fiddle sonoda about the house' when I'm a-doin' of the chores." But Will Hamerslie was Ibbs reconciled to fate. Be bad lost the widow—and Columbine Carter would have nothing more to say to him. "I want no second-hand lover," said Biny, laughing. And when Hamerslie saw her laugh, be knew that Love was fled. He was right. Within six months, Columbine was married to ayouDg lawyer who had come down from Albany to search some title-deeds in the court-house re cords. And our luckless hero was left with neither wife nor legacy. So run the fortunes of Love 1—New York Ledger. 