A TRAVELLING! COMPAlON; /jrt»R. CALEB BUCKLE, as hesafiiflhis i I! J eminently respectable Club, was in a Very bad temper indeed. ; It was certainly annoying, and ere n a more patient temperament than Caleb's -L wmifrl Iiava hiM»n riitiflml f.o nn ftlicrhf, riYfcentr the circumstances. For fifteen years, as V regularly as the procession of the seasons, had he been accustomed to spend the sum- wmer months travelling from one pleasant "Continental retreat to another, accompanied > by his friend, General Beaman, K. C. B., ; with whom his acquaintanceship dated from i their Eton days, and with whom he was in . that condition of thorough sympathy and accord which is the only sure tie between travelling companions. This year every thing- had promised for a trip of unusual pleasantness, and for weeks Caleb liad gloated over the prospect, only at the last moment to receive a check in the shape of a letter from the General to say that the breaking ' out of an old wound prevented his being able ' to stir for six months at least. \- Caleb's cup of disappointment and chagrin fairly brimmed over. What was he to do ? He would rather not travel alone, and it was now July, and the season was too far advanced for him to look for a travelling companion. Everyone he knew had already either left London or was .on the point of so doing. In another week town would be absolutely empty ; and as this ghastly certainty impressed itself on. hje mind he happened to glance outpf ; tiie .win dow, and surveyed the broad street with the ipavement apparently as crowded as in the Oieight of the Season. Perhaps others were in his own sad plight ; maybe some of those Wij jjetcacie-uj' IUUUU Lticui&fjiv; et «tu tue IHSU moment bereft of valued travelling com panions ; doubtless— and an idea flashed across the tobacco- soothed brain of Mr. Buckle, the very originality of which caused him to gasp so that he swallowed a mouth ful of smoke and indulged in a fit of coughing which completely spoiled the peaceful doze of the solitary waiter. Mr. Buckle's idea, however, was of too startling a nature to be acted upon at once ; nor, indeed, did he find himself able at once to consider it calmly and judiciously in all Its bearings. So he began to think of some thing else as hard as he could. In his case, the " something else" resolved itself into a consideration of a disquieting epistle that he . had received that morning. Caleb, though a bachelor, stood in the somewhat anomalous . position of guardian and trustee to his .only niece, a pretty girl of eighteen, who had always lived with her mother's people. She . was the daughter of Caleb's younger brother, a former Colonel in a Cavalry regiment, who had provided that his daughter should be debarred from enjoying the fairly substantial fortune he was able to leave her should she \- marry before the age of twenty-one without her uncle's consent. It was a provision of the will which had never given Caleb the least uneasiness, but now here was his niece writing to tell him that she was engaged to !' . be married to a young man of whom he had never heard, and that she counted upon receiving his consent as a matter of course. Now, Caleb was not only as selfish as men of his age and mode of life are apt to be, but / he was also conscientious. He felt that he could not grant his consent without careful . inquiry into the young man's antecedent"; and prospects, and this he knew would entail upon him a vast amount of bother and " annoyaucc in any case ; and, possibly, should \- he disapprove of the match, a vast deal more. Thus 'the. "something else" was nob a pleasant subject to dwell upon, and so he iCtUllivU LU ll»0 1 Cilb lUCItl) wlJiUIl tilcliiulO he thought about it seemed the more attractive and plausible. It ended in his sending a document by the hands of the Club Commissionaire to the office of The Times. Then lie went home to the dull little house in St. James's ; and next morning when his middle-aged man-servant brought him, as \- usual, The Times with his tea and toast, he found only one paragraph which was to him of the slightest degree of interest. This ran as follows : WANTED. — A Gentleman (middle- aged), of refined tastes, to accom pany the advertiser on a three, months' Continental tour. Apply personally or by- letter to C. B., 99a, Duchess-street, St. James's, W. It was the evening of the day on which Mr. Buckle's advertisement appeared, and Lieutenant Charles Sotheran, a good-looking, curly-headed youngster, who was passing the night in town on his way to Aldershot in the morning, found himself the sole occu pant of the billiard-room of the Junior Tatters. At first he was not unfavourably impressed by his unwonted loneliness. He was full of high spirits, satisfied with the world and himself, and engaged to be married to a girl whom he, of course, regarded as the loveliest and most charming of her sex. So brimful was he of self- congratulation that he must needs begin to drink his own health; and as he had already had a bottle of " extra sec" with his dinner, the consequence of this amusement was that in a very short space of time the speeches he made to himself were somewhat thickly uttered and inco herently composed. He. had the sense though to know that he had gone far enough, and in the final desperation of loneliness he picked up a morning paper from one of the lounges and vainly tried to read. He was about to throw the paper down and seek metal more attractive elsewhere, .when a paragrapTi canghfc his eye and led Trim to read it carefully over. "Tfiat'sh funny !" he murmured. "Seems to me 1 \- .know the addresh, an' yet I don' know who : lives there !" And he read it over once more. Then a gleam of amusement caused: the ends of the fair moustache to trend in an- upward .direction, and Lieutenant Solheran chuckled _ — audibly. He chuckled as he drew out a dainty little note-book, and among a few betting hieroglyphics jotted carefully down an address which he copied from the newspaper. He chuckled as he walked downstairs and indued himself with his over coat and hat ; and he continued chuckling as he directed the hall-porter to call a ban sora, into which with much solemn delibera tion he stepped, and still chuckled. The direction that, with a regular explosion of good-humoured chucklings, Mr. Charles Sotheran gave the driver, led him no great distance from his starting point, for it was in one of the side 'streets leading from St. James's-street westward that the cab drew up at the door of a small house of staid respectability. That the windows were all dark and even the ghost of a glimmer wanting in the hall, so far as could be seen through the old-fashioned fanlight, was a matter of no concern apparently to the fare, who, with a like deliberation to that with which he had entered, emerged from the cab, ; and, supporting himself by the iron railings which guarded the porch on either side, began to hammer steadily and forcibly with the knocker at the dingy old door. He \- .banged away on the defenceless door, play ing popular airs, as though he were a .performer in the regimental band ; till at last his efforts were of avail. A lirst-Uooi window opened, and a very red face sur mounted by a very while night-cap — for .-. night-caps are still worn by elderly gentlemen in this year of grace 1892 — was protruded therefrom. " Who are you, and what the something or other do you want?" growled the night- capped one. " Are you— " replied Lieutenant Sotheran, with a sweet smile, " or rather are your initials ' C. B. ? ' " " My initials are CC. B., ' sir ; but what tbe dickens is that to you?" "Then in Heaven's name come down instantly ! My business does not admit of delay." And so insistanb was ths visitor's tbattftbcad dia»ppeared,and sundry J ' ' ' ' ' sounds echoing through thei empty house proclaimed the fact that the owner was making his hasty way downstairs. The I door suddenly opened, and Lieutenant Sotheran, who was leaning against it, lurched forward somewhat precipitately into the hall ; but he recovered himself, and, j leaning against the wall, gravely contem- ; plated the somewhat remarkable figure presented by Mr. Caleb Buckle, who, candle in hand and ttired in a garment of engaging brevity, stood glowering wrathfully at him. " So you are ' C. B. ? queried Charlie, sweetly. "Iam, sir ; and now what is the urgent business ?" " And you inserted the advertisement for a travelling companion in to-day's Times ?" "I did, sir; but you must be aware that this is no time to— — " "And you want someone to travel with you, do you, ' G. B. ?' " went on his questioner, as though he had not heard the inter ruption. "I do, sir; but I should never dream, after this outrageous intrusion " " Well, I hope you'll have a pleasant trip ' C. B.' I thought I'd come round, late as it is, to tell you " " To teil me— to tell me what-, sir?" fairly snorted poor Buckle, who was shivering with the cold. " To toll yon," drawled the other, " to tell you that./ ran' I come " And in another instant he was in the cab dashing down the street, while Caleb Buckle danced in impotent rage on the doorstep. " Yes, it wasn't a bad joke for a dull J ohn- nie like me to play oil'," said Mr. Charles Sotheran a year later to one of his fellow- officers. " But when I found out that the old duffer was my fiancee's uncle, and when lie recognised me and refused his consent to 'our marriage ; and when I think that we have to Wait two years before we can marry, "why, I don't think it quite so rousingly. funny as I did, don't you know !" — Vanity Fair. A NOVEL HEDGE. . A gentleman on a walking tour through Shropshire in the autumn of 1890 gives the following account of a peculiar hedge or fence which he came across : — "Strolling through the Carding Mill Valley, near Church Stretton, at the upper part of the valley, I found that a large piece of laud has been reclaimed from the waste, and is cultivated as a vegetable market garden. To protect the produce from the inroads of the mountain sheep, this plot of land has a fence around it of such peculiar construction that it may be called unique. The south-end corner is composed of two enormous tins such as one sees gingerbread in at country fairs, very battered and full of holes. Each tin is about six feet in length and three feet in circumference. These are flanked light and left by an incredible number of zinc buckets in every stage of dilapidation. Some 'have handles and bodies and no bottom, others have the barrel merely-, while in some only the handle or bottom is left. There are zinc buckets enough to load a waggon. Further along the garden an old-fashioned plough forms part of the fence. This is adorned with fragments of old iron hooping, tea-trays, meat-covers, old coffee-pots, and preserved meat tins, aided by more buckets. The upper part of this wondrous hedge derives its defence from sticks, gorse, tarpaulin,, parts of a chair, a dripping-pan, and bits of cheese-boxes. String is largely used, from tbe part i-coloured twine used to tie up sugar t.o a piece of rope suitable for a shi p's cable. Where string runs short bits of clothing torn into strips are utilised, and over all arc the zinc buckets and meat tins. Part af this medley- fence is held up in places by. broken rabbit wires, called in to aid the string. Another immense gingerbread tin is on the west side, propped up with gorse, and bound with withies. The ubiquitous, zinc buckets form the.. first line.of defence, the advanced redoubt of this truly marvellous protection." HE FAILED TO "CATCH ON." An amusing incident occurred in a Newark music store the other day. A new and very pretty ballad is entitled "Kiss Me." A very pretty girl having heard of the song, and thinking she would get it with some others, stepped into a music store to make a pur-, chase. One of the clerks, a modest young man, stepped up to wait on her. The young lady threw her veil back saying : " I want ' Rock Me to Sleep.' " The clerk got the song and put it before her. " Now," said the young lady, "I want ' Wandering Refugee." " Now, ' Kiss Me,"' said the young lady, meaning, of course, the song above men tioned. The poor clerk's eyes almost popped fire as he looked at the young lady in astonish ment, for he was not aware of the fact that a song by that name had bee.n written. " Wh-hab did you say, miss ?" " ' Kiss Me,' " said she. " I can't do it, miss ; I never kissed a young lady in. my life," said the clerk. About that time a veil dropped, a young lady left in a hurry, the clerk felt sick, and the proprietor lost the sale of some music. HE COULDN'T GET HER CUSTOM. " It's funny," said the young man who had just opened a grocery store in the neighbourhood, " that I can't get that woman's custom. I've gone out of my way to be pleasant to her, and she won't even look in here any more." " Wasn't she ever in here ?" asked the customer. " Once," replied the young man, "and I treated her the best I knew how. She had her little boy with her, and he was tickled to death with the little white mouse I have in the cage on the front counter." ... '' And she ?" ? ." Oh, she liked it, too. She said it was- a ' prettysjittle. thing, and seemed to -enjoy firs; pleasure in watching its antics. So I just thought I'd clinch matters, arid I took it out. oFthe cage and put it on the floor. -It's tame, you know. And the boy was perfectly delighted." " And the mother ?" " She said it was one of the cutest things she ever saw, but she sat right down on a stool and pulled her dress close about the ankles, and pretty soon she had got hold of the boy, and baclced out of the door .with him. She said she was ever so much obliged to me, but she looked sort of pale, and hasn't been in here since. Funny, isn't it, when I tried to be so nice to her ?" THE MAN WOMEN ADMIRE. We admire the man who believes we know more about housekeeping than he does. We admire the man who will be kind to a girl's grandmother when the girl is not at home. We admire the man who asks our advice ; sometimes and abides by what intuition teaches us. We admire the man who has the tact to admire a woman's dainty neckwear as well as a new gown. We admire a man who doe? not spend all his money on tobacco and wine, but saves some for candy and Bowers. We admire a man who has plenty of muscle and has yet sufficient tenderness to nurse a woman's headache. We admire a man who talks sensibly to us, and who thinks we appreciate something more than mere flattery. In fact, we admire a man who is manly, mentally and physically, who is generous and kind, who reverences women in general and one in particular. CONSOLATORY. If you're not pretty when you're young, This consolation hold : That in some fifty years or so You will be pretty old. A knotty problem— tbe highest pwsible . speti for ggcan r«s«ei«, , . , " - 