THE CHAPTER VIII, AFTER THE WEDDING, I He made up his mind to re venge himself upon Philippe Derblay, whom he unjustly looked upon as the author of all the humiliations which had been heaped upon him. Was this toilers—this iron-heater— to remain in the absolute pos sesion of such an adorable woman as Claire ? ‘Ah, no,’he murmured;-‘she weeps. She hates that man and loves me.’ Still when the bride raised her vail he could Bee no trace of the tears she had shed. Pride sustained her and she appeared calm and smiling and spoko with perfect self possession. He was disap pointed ; still he did not de spair of victory in the end. On returning to the Chateau Monsieur Moulinet soon found [ his way into the drawing room. ‘My daughter is with the bride,’ said he, ‘and I do not know what has become of the Due de Bligny.’ ‘Ah ! you will find him again .never fear,’ retorted the Baron ess, who held him in horror and contempt. ‘Bachelin has been giving me some curious details of the projects which the worthy chocolate-maker cherished, when he first settled in this country,’ whispered the Baron to Octave, drawing him aside. ‘What were they ?’ asked the-young man. ‘Ho doubt he will tell us himself. Monsieur Moulinet it is said you are about to start a newspaper. May I ask, if it is not so ?’ ‘Yes, quite true,' replied the manufacturer,- puffing himself out with pride, ‘I shall call it ‘La France du Jura.’ I think it is my duty to devote a part of my immense Wealth to en lighten my fellow-citizens.’ ‘Or to blind them?’ muttered the Baron. Then in a louder tone he added. ‘And ueit we shall have you announcing yourself as a candidate. May I ask what line of politics you will fellow in your paper ?’ ‘Ah, there’s the rub,’ cried Moulinet. ‘I am a sort of con ciliating man. I should like no one to quarrel with me.’. ‘And: everybody to support you.’ ‘Exactly. And so to show my trtto principles, I have I given to the Municipal Council | of La Varenne Borne money to build them a lay-school, and to the Cure, the necessary sum wi tii which to restore his parish church.’ ‘Thereby . satisfying each party,’ ‘ . ‘And I am determined to steer a middle course in ‘La France du Jura.’ Something you know between the right and left.’ ‘Oh, I see what you mean,’ cried the worthy Baroness. ‘Something like the words of the Marseillaise to the tune of Queen Hortense’s ‘Partant pour la Syrie,’ It is very clever Monsieur Moulinet.’ ‘It’s feasible, I believe. Be tween the extreme parties, there is a timid mass that must be gathered round one’s self. It does not know what it wants —it must be told.' ‘Yes,’said the Baron. ‘You will make an appeal to all the ., .fools in, the country. They .will slcfe^vran—you;- and yOU~— will have the majority.’ : ‘I hope so. But here comes my son-in-law.’ ‘Has everybody arrived, De Bligny ? ’ asked Octave, as the Duke entered the room. ‘I think so.’ ‘Then I will go to my brother,’ said Suzanne, rising. ‘And I will go with you,’ cried the Marquis de Beau lieu. ‘A pretty pair. They will make a good match,’ said the Baroness, in a low tone to her husband, as she watched them go out. ‘You do not look in good spirits,’ she continued, turn ing to De Bligny. ‘No. The family have just arrived, and have begun to kiss and congratulate each other, so, thinking myself in the way, I slipped off. But it will be my turn next, and I dare say I shall feel quite as bored as the marred couple of to-day.' ‘Monsieur le„ Due!’ cried Moulinet, in a ;one of dis pleased astonishnent. ‘In my time a wedding vas the hap piest day in ones life. rIrue, we-then-got married in the midst of gaiety and mirth, while now one gets married at midnight in a sep alchrol ehurch with a feeling ;of chillinesB creeping all o er one. It makes me shut ler to reflect upon it. I have no taste for these kind of w ddings. Fo, in three weeks, When I lead my daughter to 1 the altar, I will let folks see What I think a wedding should be like. It shall take place at the Made ! leine, and I shall have a high mass with music—the very best that money can procure—• choruses, solos, chants, execu ted by artists frOnrHlie Opera, with Monsienr Faure at their head. The whole nave shall be illuminated, and flowers and ferns shall be everywhere. That’s what I call a true mar riage ceremony. But the one to-night was ominous—that darkness and gloom — the bride, who under her white veil, looked like a ghost. The spectators who seemed like Shadows—Ugh 1’ ‘I confess,’said the Baroness, ‘that the organ brought tears into my eves, while a feeling of sadness stole over me.’ -—tAndr besides,'’continued the chocolate-maker, I shall re mark, without wishing to give any offence, that there is no supper for the guests. You shall see how I will manage. This is what we plain people call a dry wedding. On our wedding day, my dear Duke, I mean to gi ve a couple of din ners and a ball that will cost eighty francs ahead for at least a hundred people. My guests shall not go away famished. They will speak or it for years after. ‘However little folks may.: speak of it, they will always speak of it too much,’ inter rupted the Duke, in a tone that cut like a whip. ■ r ‘ But, son-in-law,’ began Moulinet* who ^was becoming more and more vexed . [to be COKTIS^-'K.] 