POETRY. THE BANSHEE OF THE O'CONNORS. AN IRISH LEGEND. A lone stranger comes down the dark forest way, Who rides on a path that he dare nol by day; The wild wind of mifinisht, in forest and glen, Seems like thehoarae callings of far wildertl men; While round him. and o'er liimt the Tiail squadrons rattle Like clashing of swords against shields in a. battle; And the cold moon that sails among cloud islands brown, ' Through blue straits of heaven glints Htfully down. He hies to a maiden in Connor's proud hall, Who pines in its towers like a linnet in thrall; And sings to herself in its solitudes grey, " Oh I for a free flight to the far hills away, To rove aB in girlhood by Banna's blue tide, By mountain and greenwood, again by hi* side; Bring back the dear moments, and live them again With Desmond O'Cahaii, the chief of Glenayne. ' Sire, vassalB, and harper, liave long gone to rest, Yet she folds that one wish like a babe to her breast; Watching wearily out, where the liait drifts and rain, In the cresset light glimmer and Hash down each pane. For her fair hands hare kindled a lore-guiding ray High up in the turret 'mid green ivy spray, And breathes low to listen, and catch passing by Bis signal of coming, tlie rock-plover's cry. She hears the wind waitings through loop holes and doors, Strange rustlings and sighs down the Jong corridors, The weird plaining note of the heron flown past, Tlie hoot of the screech-owl abroad on the blast, Or tread of the warder's feet, heavy and slow, In lulls of the storm from the rampart below; A sound as of something that histles and grieves Like mortal in anguish, t hrough branches and leaves. Tis a drearisome niglit, and the wind blowetli chill It whines like a wolfhound o'er valley and hill; The high forest branches are fiercely astir The hills seem to heave in their mantle of fir: And the tall banner-staff seems to hurtle and glance Athwart the fleet clouds like a quivering lance; While through them and through them the moon as they pass Seems to plunge like a steed iu a heavy morass. And now, to the rider, stern, lofty, and dim The towers of O'Connor stand spectiul and grim. Keep, turrets, and battlements seem to his Bight A picture of gloom 'gainst the shadows of night, Save one lonely cresset, still burning above, Where Eva sits keeping lier vigil of love, Awaiting a meeting denied them by day, While clansmen and sire are in dreamland away. There looms to the rider n tall Druid stone, Rude fashioned, and letter'd in language unknown; It stands where ho halts, like a ghost of the dead; At noonday or midnight a terror and dread. For the Banshee* that follows O'Connor's proud race, Hath by it in legend her foul lurking-place, Where from the grey ages, far back in the past, She dirges their death-calls prophetic at last. From a gnarled oak above it a dense misletoe Uung heavily down o'er tlie hemlock and sloe, And spread double darkness above the green mound Of deep dyke and mossbank that circled it round. In the lull of its Btillness, the tree drippings fell On the broad docken leaves, with an ominona knell; And the chieftain who quailed not in battle or raid, Three Aves of boyhood conned over and said. And say was it fancy that " Km ochonc!"\ That hove, as it were, from the heart of the stone; Or, say. ws it fancy, that waft of afoam, Thatseem'd to move round him, or was it the storm Tb.it shook tlie tree shadows I But surely to him A shape seem'd to pass him, uncertain and dim, A shadow on shadows-a. presence that aeivt A dead chill of grave air around as it went. One glance at the grim stone, whose dusky outliue Shone darkly and faint in the shadow or shine; And lie tighten'd the girtli of the steed at his sido, As one who prepareth for venturous ride: And patted the fair neck and silvery liuad, I Of the grey dappled palfrey lie fondled and led; Gazed anxious and lone at the signal-light high, And whistled, thrice whistled, the rock plover's cry. The lone watcher hears it-the rod cresset ray Thrice flashes responsive, and faxleth away; A momentof waiting that seeuieth an hour, The secret path's traversed that leads from the tower; The warder may watch, and the deep moat enfold Gates, ramparts, and turrets, and bastion and hold, She knows the liid passage that leads from the hall Deep under portcullis and drawbridge and all. He hears the loved voice, as she bastes to his aide, As soft as the cushats by Bannia's blue tide; But panting and trembling she clings to his waist. Like some taroid bird, which the owlet had chased. "Oh! Desmond, I've heard it! The Bamlice is nigh; I've heard in the Courtyard its ominous cry; As it uallod on my mother, so even the same, lu weeping and wailing, it called on my name. " And so It BbaQ be o'er these valleys and plains, While life in the halls of O'Connor remains." He kissed the fair forehead of beauty that preat, Like white water lily half bid on his breast; And softly and tenderly soothed her until Her heart ill hia keeping crew passive and still; And spake, as he parted the carls from her brow, " No demon of darkness shall follow tbee now!" Short moments to tarry, there's danger to dread; The wardei hath gone to the watch-turret's beau, The Banthet hath roused him, strange walling ho bears Beneath and around him it rings in his ears; Be it demon or mortal, tlie cry bodeth harm, And be kindles the bale fire to flash the alarm; The smoke drifts enfold him, and short as they gaze, Tlie blackness of heaven groirs red in the blaze. " Quick ttonnt thee, aeughla.'i short notice to Bee! This midnight shall soon be no midnight for tbee; "These wide woods shall Sicker and flame in that light, 'T31 the roused clans of Connor shall croSB ns in flight." One trust in the future, one thought on the past, One lingering home-look. the longest and last., And fond ties of girlhood were broken to rain The lore of dark Desmond, the Chief of Glenayne. "Now mine, and for ever! Saint Oron be praised!" AB her fairy-like form to the palfrey he raised. " And mine," spake a weird voice within the grey stone, While rang through the night air a wild ullagone.H The maiden's scream followed the fiend's as it. broke. But a deep curse from Desmond was all that lie spoke; Then off and away through the forest they flew The clansmen need hasten who tide to pursue. On, on, and away, over moorland and moss. Over raviue and river, whose ford they must cross; - Past rush-swamps and dingle, past hamlet and fen; Through fog-drifts that roll in the field of the glen; Still palfrey and charger speed steady and ptrong, Oft deep to the fetlocks they gallop along, Over moorland and meadow, through heather and spray, A free bounding flight for the far hills away. Fair gathers behind them, faint horse-tramp and snout, The blent bray of bugle, and tumult, and rout; It needs but a moment to listen and find The turmoil and danger that follows behind; To scan the fierce light o'er the wile forest spread, Which the sullen clouds catch as they drift over bead, Brink up the red lustre, like wolves lapping blood, Then plunge into darkness by others pursued. And now the last river!-a thousand deep rills Have met in its course from the storm on the hills; And a broad surging torrent of wild waters pour, Resistless and strong, down the Pass of .Craiginore. Life or death's in the venture, and death in delay-, The timid girl shrinks from the thunderous fray; And up to their girthings in froth, age, and boil, The ateede snort the danger, and plunging recoil. Adovrn (be swift waters, the foam streamers white UurIi past like the Clan of O'Cahan to fight The Clans of O'Cahan-ah t never again His white plume shall flutter o'er thom in Glen ayne! For the love-light shall darken, the gold ring gran dim; And Eva O'Connor be death-mate to him; For crouching before them, on rock in the foam, The Banehee sat wailing, and calling her hOQie. O'er the conflict of waves, o'er the surf's hissing breath, Sines out on the night air that warning of death; Ana Eva like crushed lily droops on her steed; But the heart of her lover grows strong in her need; And tender he took her, and placed her at rest On the war-horse before him, at home on his breast! Spake ;words of sweet hope to her faintness and fears, Till the blush bloom came back through her terror and tears. One arm round her light waist, one hand on the rein, One desperate plunge in the deep surge again; And round them and o'er them the cola writhing.' spray Coils deadly about, and falls hissing away Biave steed! and brave rider! swift torrent, and strong! 'Tis a terrible conflict where life battles long; Not now the free danger of foray or raid. Where foreman meets foeman, with lance point ur blade. But dreary life struggle, where courage can meet No vantage or glory, but darksome defeat; No lay of the bard, at the banquet to tell How death Bwalthes lay deep where the lost leader fell; But off like the driftage around them they go. As swift as the featber'd shaft darts from a bow, Through onslaught of waters, that deafen and blind. And the dread shrieking Banshee that follows behind. Bocks, forests, and eddies rush thundering past, lire tbey reach the glen fordage, the broadest and last; Still nigner and cipher, one jav'lin cast more, To the foothold that fringes the verge of the bhore; One .moment's short turn of the steed to the rein. One plunge for that foothold-Ah 1 never again In banquet or foray, in battle or chase, Shall Desmond O'Cahan have pleasure or place. What sees yon lone star, looking distantly through A rift in the clouds from ber casement of blue; Sole eye of the night in the heaven above, O'er the death pangs of life, and the wreckage of love! As plunged into silence the last-stifled moan, And the war charger rose to the Burfaco alone. The swept-away death note that rose-and no. more And the love tale of Eva and Sesmondwas o'er.. Then came a dark swoop through the shadowy air To the riderless steed, and the llanshee was there! low crouched to the saddle, the fell demon clung, With the foain of his death struggle over her flung;. High to the wild heavens her thin arms were toss'd, The rock echoes anewer'd ber cries for the lost; Then off in the torrent swept courser and sprite. And long wails for Eva died off in the night. 11\. Q. fiUCHIUU. Trevilla, S.A. 