Crumbs. Garner's Tb«.-atre, Tanks filling. Slade Murray. British, lfi,75d y7„ Central, :i0,h20 vx. "Silk Stockings." Sunshine and rain. Block 14, 45,859 oz. Block 10, 45,85!) oz. 1892 is 100 dayp old. Artillery competition. Summary on Tuesday. Proprietary, 20!I,5S5 oz. Pity the poor Barrierites ! Charlie delights in a fight. Cricket on the Oval to-day. Norwood v. North Adelaide. A nice rain during the night. Rain at last—hope it will last. South Adelaide v. Hindmarsh. Barometer at noon to-day, 30 01. CycliEts' carnival next Saturday. Y.M.C.A. in full working order. Who is to be the next Commandant ? Mrs. Salter, another old colonist, is dead. Silver market is etill in a weak condition. A new programme at the Theatre to-night. Dynamite being discovered in Belgiumnow. Rev. W. G. Marsh at Y.M.C.A. this evening. The Theatre well patronized every night now. The Victorian visitors are having a good time. Le Coeon to be shown by Carl Hertz this evening. Slade Murray will appear at Gamer's Rooms to-night. A change to-night of Carl Hertz's marvellous illusions. Sergeant Kingston has sent an ultimatum to Mr. Dibbs. Broken Hill water famine becoming more serious daily. "In the Ranks" has thirty characters. Good gracious. South Australia expects this day every maa to do his duty. All about the Factories and Shops Commission on page 8. A statue to be erected to the memory of the - late Mr. Shorcey. Half-yearly meeting of Congregational Union next week. There's going to be a rumpus over the Barier Border duties. Victorian Fire Brigade members think well f the Port Brigade. Sergeant Kingston been sharpening up the oint of his bayonet. Judge Dashwood to be honoured by both ouses of Parliament. Factories and Shops Commission has been . having a good long sitting. There was a brilliant attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening. Williams was eager to get hold of a penknife, but bis solicitor Etopped him. Appropriate for the Barrier folk to send their water b'U to See. See 1 Our Engineer-in- Chief off to Melbourne yesterday on official business. Has Mr. Pater been to the Theatre yet to hear the song dedicated to him ? The Empire Company going to Broken Hill —going to take their own liquor. A well-known land agent has been charged with forgery at the Police Court. ftWho are to be the Chairman and Secretary of the Main Roads Commission ? The Windsor tragedy has afforded immense scope for the lover of the sensational. The only comfort people at Bro 11 Hill, have is a cheap dish of stewed rabbit. Mr. George Rignold will be surprised if " In • the Ranks" does not take in Adelaide. A presentation bas been made to Major and Mrs. Gordon by the Permanent Force. Chief JuBtice has been talking about the deaf and dumb institutions in America. Sun rose at 6.20 a.m.; sets at 5.43 p.m. Moon set at 3.12 a.m.; rises at 4.38 p.m. Interest in the Colonel Light Memorial as great as ever, and it must be kept up too. Judge Dasbwood is to be accompanied by his two sisters to the Northern Territory. The Barrierites sent their water bill to Mr. See. They might as well have sent it to sea. The gunners will be at Montefiore at halfpast 3\. Their performance will be worth seeing. Government has been considering the question of differential rates and the Barrier trade. Did Charlie consult Tom before sending stinging mes ge to the Sydney Government? The Chief Justice paid a visit! tj the Institution for the Blind, Deaf, and Adelaide playgoers wiil be glad to welcome to Adelaide that popular actor, George Rignold. " Sampson," the strong man in London, bas been convicted of theft. What a libel on the Hospital Board not unanimous in choosing gentleman to make a presentation to the As at present conducted the Factories and Commission enquiry is likely to leal to results. The Rev. W. G. Maisli, of Melbourne, ah to-morrow afternoon at 4.30 o'clock young men. The "young man's" popular friend, Rev. G. Marsh, speaks at Theatre Royal tomorrow evening. War on the point of being declared between South Australia and New South Wales. Keep powder dry! The Chief Justice's address on American and dumb institutions is practical, pathetic, and eloquent. Theatregoers will remember the splendid way in which Rignold staged Henry V. when he was last in Adelaide. An old colonist thinks it would be better if some public institution were erected to the - memory of Colonel Light. A good downpour at the Barrier would have the effect probably of firming the market in. spite of the drop in silver. Would the model statistician kindly estimate how many pens have been worn out in: writing up the Windsor tragedy ? The Rev. Charles Manthorpe began his - ministry at Glenelg on the first Sunday of May, 1862—nearly 30 years' service. Sir Richard Webster says Deeming will be brought to England only if he is acquitted in Melbourne, That's a pretty safe reply. A difference of opinion as to who should present the Governor with a trowel to lay foundation-stone of the new wing of the Hospital. Broken Hill people may be likened to tho cat who was made to take the chestnuts out of the fire. But who is the monkey—Dibbs or Kingston ? " His dear little wife" is sot dead at all, bub merely gone for a trip, and will presently return and heap confusion upon his accusers." That's Deeming's very latest. How does Deeming's latest statement, that his wife is away on a trip, tally with his previous questions as to how the body looked when taken from its grave of cement? The " number of the Beast" is generally supposed to be GGG, but Dr. Matheson, of Edinburgh, has exploded the antiquated notion. He says that the Beast is Selfishness, and his number is Number One. FAX.—Herewith please find a record of some more notorious impostors:—D'Alembert, in his "Revolutions of Russia," relates how a friar named Demetrius Griska Eutropeia pretended to be the son cf Ilasilowitz, Czar of Muscovy, whom the usurper Horis had put to death ; but he maintained that another child had been substituted. Ho was supported Ly the sr.riy of Poland, and his success fo ast<.nishi-d the Russians that they placed him on the throne. He then cruelly put] to death 1-Vdi.r, the reigning Czar, and all his family. But Nemesis kept her glaring eye ujion him in all his eareer. His imposition was discovered, aud in 1600 ho was assassinated in his palace. Sixty years later a Jew of Pn.yroa amused, if he did not convert or edify, the Turks, by personating our Saviour ab Constantinople. Then there was that once iamous impostor, Valentine Greatrakos, who in 1GG5 deceived scores of Irish simpletons by pretending to heal the sick with a touch. As f«r William Parsons, his wife, and daughter they improvised a real ghost by the aid of a ventroloquist of the feminine persuasion in 38. Cock-lane, London, for which they were rewarded with an exalted position in the nillorv and with imprisonment, 1762. 