T?E DOCTORS SHOOK THEIR HEADS. " I would give a million dollars for a stomach," said a wealthy American recently.: Now, a million dollars (£200,000) is a deal of money, but he was not able to buy the article. even at that price. Mr. Thomas Gaskin, of No. 3, Poplar Row, Darley Abbey, near Derby, is not so rich as many, being a cardener, but he was ready enough to give all he had for one thing he hadn't got. Hero is his story, and he shall toll it in his own way. Mr. GIa?kinl goes on to sayn :" Up to eight years ago I had never lost an hours' work through sickness. In Decembor, 1882, whilst living at Beeston, near Nottinugham, my appetite fell away. I had dreadful pain after eating, a bad taste in my mouth, which would fill with wa'er and slim.., the latter so thick and sticky that I often had to remove it with my lingers. My chest used to '11fill up' and my, throat would swell aoI couldn't button my shirt at the neck. I vomited a great deal, ohiefl) yellowish-green phlegm. I had a racking cough, and would cough and strain till I bled at the nose and the blood rushed out of my ears. I became exhausted and short of breath and had co call the doctor, and was in bed five or six weeks. " I then went as out.patient to the Notting ham Hospital, and after attending there for six months was very little better. I got so thin that I was like a ghost walking about, and my friends said it was all up with me. For eighteen months I kept getting better, then worse, and at last the doctors recommended me to try a change of air. So I came to Darley Abbey, and my former master gave me an indoor recommenda tion to the Derbyshire Infirmary, Derby. I found, however, that all the beds in the hospital were full, and I saw mny club doctor and also two doctors at Derby. The first one said, ' You are in a galloping consumartion, and must lie • the other doctors, aft. " soundir, cy lungs and chest, ,rid nothing, but shook t. cade. " G~ttingatrifle Lett..r, my old .. str allowed mae to do what little T ,ould in hi', garder,? and grounds; ani acme dL, 1 worked a .lit .e, g ad then would be away for a few days. Ti ings ,wont on like this until December, 1888, when I caught could, got vet y .hort of breath, arid broke down completely. I was always coughing and spti'lg up phlegm, sometimes a teacupful at once, and was afraid to go to sleep for fear that the I'phleu'n would choke nms. At this time the whites of I.y eyes turned yellow, and my eyes wore blood-shot. My lips and mouth were dry and parched and I often broke out into cold clammy sweat. My tongue was like a piece of brown leather, and I could keep nothing down. I lost over a stone weight in three weeks. "I managed to get up for a few hours at a time, but was so weak I had to take hold of the furniture to move a few yards. I was always tired and weary, and sitting or lying, was never at ease and got no real rest. Too weak to road I often sat for hours looking at my hands-no thing but skin and bone, and was so nervous I ou~ldn't bear the least noise, and the children at play quite upset e. :. " The doctor kept on attending me, but he said ' I can do you no good ; I can ouly liatch you up, because your lungs are diseased.' I then gave over taking his medicine and tried every thimlg I could hear of. One thing was a cough 'ure from London that cost 22s a bottle. But nothing did ainy good, and my friends who came to see me said, ' Well, you won't cough much longer, you have merely to prepare for another world.' ' About the middle of M1rclh, 1889, a neigh. hour named Joseph Tatham, who works in the paper mills at Darley Abbey, said to me, ' Tom, utid you ever try Mother Seigel's Syrup' and told me how he had been cured after being in the hospital. He spoke so much in praise of this medicine I sent my wife to Derby and got a bottle at Mr. Smith's Stores in Victoria- street. After the first doses I had an evacuation black ,as ink, and vomited. Then I fell asleep and felt rested when I awoke. After taking the medicine for three days my breathing got easier, my food kept down, and in a few days more I was able to go for a short walk... By the end of a fortnight I went to see my master, who asked what had wrought the improvement, and I told him, as I tell every one, that Mtoher Seigel's Syrup had saved my life. I commenced work at once, and and have never lost a day's work since. " Of course my strength did not return all at once, but after taking Seigel's Syrup for six months I was strong as ever in my life and have continued so ever since." In giving his consent to the publication of this remarkable statement, Mr. Gaskin requests us to refer all doubters to him or to Mr. Keetley, Head Gardener, Darley Abbey,who is acquainted with the facts alleged. Mr. Gaskin has lived at Darley Abbey 22 years and bears an excellent reputation. Now, what was the complaint from which he suffered I Not galloping consumption, certainly (as one of the doctors thought), cr he would have galloped into his grave in less than three months, instead of growing worse for seven years. His complaint was chronic inflammatory dyspepsia (',r chronic gastric catarrh), which has lung syml, toms like c,,nsumption, for which it is often ignorantly mistaken and wrongly treated. When the right remedy, Mother Seiel's Syrup, was used the disease yielded, and all diseases of the digestive tramct do yield to that magnificent pre paration. We heartily congratulate Mr. Gaskin on his recovery, and commend the facts of his case to all thinking people. 