THE FKUITaHOW£HS' ADVOCATE. TAEKAJrATTA, SATURDAY, JULY 23. JUDGES AM* JURIES. Tub settlement of tho limits between the functions of tho Jury and those of tho Judgo was for ages a subj-ct of keenly jealous dis pute. The contention, however, at last got definitely settled, mainly in tho interest of the Jury, who wore declared to bo ' the judges of the fact.' Many persons (amongst whom we decline to be enrolled) honestly boliovo that it would hava been tar more conuuoivo to me practical administration of justice had the contention referred to resulted in tho wiping of tho jury system clean out of existence The Jury system, howovei, still obtains, with tho jurors regarded a- jiuIkos of fact. That being so, and so long as tho system continues, the oflico of tho Juror should be one hedged about wilh all oircumstunco of seemly dignity and reasonable comfort, convenience and consider ation. Ho rhotild bo paid well, and treated well ; and should occupy, rolatiiely to tho sheriff, the sheriffs' s substitutes, the Clerk of Peace and other Court OHiciuls, tho same sort of position that tho Judges occupy. The juror should bo protected ahko from tha offensive criticism of the judgo of the law, and the chauco of insolence from Court oflioial dom. Proper accommodation should bo pro vided for jurors in or near all Courthouses, and any shoit coming.-) towards thorn in this respect should bo treated in just tho sume way as similur short comings townids the judge of tho law. Again the jury roll should not be mudo up by iho Police, but should bo duly prepared (in a special open Court prcsideu ovc- by a District Court Judgo or a specially uppi.iutcd rcvising-otlicer) from the Electoral Holl. and no malo adult's name (tho bearer being between the ago of '21 and li.'i) should be omitted, except for good cause publicly shown. Undoi- cortain ruasonablo conditions, it would bo just to allow a person suir.inuned as n juror to naino a substitute ; and the power of fining absent juiors at will should bo taken from the Judgo. A minimum and a maximum penalty should bo lixod by Law, and tho Minister of Justice should detinniue tho amount to be forfeited for 'i juror's noil- attend nice, acting upon a repi rt from tho Judgo notify ng such nou- attondauco. Moreover, after a verdict of acquittal 1ms been pronounced by a jury, the judges should ho restrained by law from behaviour in llioir judicial eapaciiy calculated to weaken tho elt'ect of such an acquittal. When a verdict of guilty is returned by a jury in a criminal ciue, the prisoner at once becomes tho proper subject for tho exercise of tho functions of the judge of the law— who can (if he choose so to do) act in a way to as good us neutralism the Jury's decision. But when a verdict of not guilty is loturned by a jury in a criminal casu, the prisoner (us touching the particular charge or charges presontod against him) is absolute/!/ iicijuiltnl The verdict of not guilty accomplishes a complete deliveiauco. Is it then to bo tolerated that tho Jury having kijully /rent a prisoner, the Judgo s'lould be allowed to go out of his way to wenkon the effect of tho verdict by stating what his own impressions as to ihe prisoner's innocenco may bo? Tho jury system may bo bad. It may bo good. Whether bad or good is not the point. It olains— and should bo maintained in its integrity so long as it is the law of the land. So long as trial by jury is a recognised institution, tho Juror must not be liable to be troated with supercilious contempt as he loo often is by tho 'Judges of the law. Ip older times, Juilgo-i actually iissumud the right to punish Juries for delivering what tribunals in servilo dependence upon tho Crown held to ho improper vm/ict.s .' That assumed right lms long been successfully deniod. But still too much of tho spirit that promp'ed to such judicial insistnnco on that assumed right still lingers in tho legal (or rather tho judicial) mind. Tho judges muy think that they surely posses as much right to comment upon n verdict of unn guilty (is a newspaper claims to possess. But as regards verdicts in ciimiiml cases, Judges should remember that tl'oy (when acting otlicially) and tho Jurors are parts of ono uiul tho saiuo system of justice administration ; and that if that system bo divided against. itself, especially in a patently unseemly way, it cannot possibly bo expected to command respect. The news paper press criticises vt-rdicts, and is respon sible if in so doinsr it encroaches upon private rights; it also criticises judicial action, being responsible if, in ro doing, it tread upon the highly susceptible corns of bo-wigged ermine wearers, and thereby become aiuonable to prose cution for contempt of court. ' For whatever ho says, the nowspupcr conductor is 'very iiuu-h ' responsible. When, however, a duly cmpnolled Jury legally says ono thing, and tho Judge, who is virtually irresponsible, says ixu-.tly tho opposite thing, the exceedingly furry spectacle is presented of justice being Hunted iu nor own court and by functionaries i limning io bo her express representatives ! Topics. Why cannot tho Minors' Union so solidify itself us to bo able in its nwn be.-t interests to tender .-.- « *;„,,/, „.,»«?;„/ j«, for all such 'stopo' ur other work as mineo.vners may have to oiler to contractors:- That would be comply ing with tho wishos of the mineowners in a perfectly legitimate manner. Them's a very great dial Unit may l« urged iu favor of tho prnpo-ul to nationalise tlioininos ' as the railways ale nationalised. If --uly carried cut with ninclerato efficiency and I'C'iuoiny, i's realisation would inoiin the en richment of th« public revenue and the burst ing up of a system of mining uperalioiis too largely based on a moro or less corrupt benefit ing of a few lucky speculators at tho expenso of tho community. A widow who takes in State children to board had the mishap to have ona die upon her hands tho other day. At tho inquiry into the cause of tho death, the widow deposed inter alia as undsr (wo quote from tho report of the Sydney Dai!;/ Telegraph) : — '' Deceased fell off a bicycle. Sho had only had him under her charge a littlo over a month. A few days nflor ho camo she whipped him for taking a purse and some sovereigns from tho mantel piece. Her daughter, 13 years old, had been in the habit of whipping the children in the morning, iiforc witness got up. (Theso italics are ours.) Sho had four State ohildron. It was not true that sho locked the State children onl early in the morniug.' A finding of accidontal death was retu ned by tho investigating magistrate, who is reported to liavo remarked that while cases of this kind should ho thoroughly investi gated, in the present case tho result w»s satis factory for tho widow and society generally. Wo aro inclined to question whether 'society generally' is quite propared to endorse as 'satisfactory' a system of boarding-out State children under the conditions of which it is possiblo that the little things shall be habitually whipped iu the morning by their thirteen year old foster-sisters. At. tho British general elections tho votes jast for Liberalism (inoluding Radicalism) out aumbored thoso east for Conservatism by a very appreciable povcentage of the totul pollod. That percentage would undoubtedly have been very considerably largar were Manhood Suffrage a British institution. With Manhood Suffrago in working operation in the United Kingdom, coercive Toryism A la Salisbury and Co. wouldn't have the ghost of a show. As it is, Toryism evidently means to die hard. A careful perusal of the report made by Chief Inspector Maynard into the circumstances of tho death of Lottie Crouch will probably produce conviction (with at least ninety nine out of every hundred readers) that the authorities of the South Parramatta Publio School were in no sense contributory to the child's sudden taking off. Hoyle's deliverance on tho new Unionism — a speech of sound logical and practical quality — points him out to be particularly well fitted to head tho Parliamentary Labor Party. Until that Party do elect a chief, and act loyally by him, it is idle to expect from it a single grain of useful service. Wo note that the British parliamentary labor party has elected as ita leader, sturdy John Burns, to whose elbow we wish moro power ! In an immenso majority of oases vaccination renders the inoculated insusceptible to small pox. Where vaccination is regularly carried out, there small pox has fewest victims. Whero vaccination is neglected thore small pox epidemics most prevail. These are not original observations of our own, but truths to be acted upon by people of sense. 'V' Thus the cablegrammer :— ' Prince Bis marck statis that ho has succeeded too well in strengthening tho Crown against the Parlia ment. The Crown, he says, is now almost oppres sive.' We think that 'almost' is delicious ; anc'., either accidentally or designedly, it con stitutes about as sarcastic a reflection on the state of publio affairs in Uormany as a wholo column of ink- slinging. Tho numerous Australian Anglicaus who think that their Liturgy would be nono the worso for \ trifle of revision will probably agree with tho Archdeacon of London, who cynically remarks that -'to hear merry-looking, chubby facod choristers, shouting aloud with jubilant and reckless carelessness to Almighty God that thoy aro misorablo sinners, and that thore is no health in them, is indeed distressing, and a woeful, almost irreparable, shock to the whole devotional spirit of the sorvico.' Wo don't like to spoil men by continually telling them what fino fellows they aro ; but wo think iho Auburn Mayor and aldermen aro fairly entitled to another stroke tho right way for tho irresistiblo manner in tvhich they boarded tho lions of tho Works Department in thnir own dens. Instead of the paltry £200 or £300 which the Works tried to sneak on to them, tho public-spirited councillors have corao off victorious with tho whole £900 for their main road. Not a littlo of tho crodit is due to Frank Farnell ; but hid not tho Auburn aldermen boon quick to resent tho impudont repudiation of tho Government officers, tho chances aro thoy would not have recoived a solitary sou for tho much-needed work. Tho othor day wo heard a. rather rich thing about the iruit experts in tho Department of Agriculture An Orungo fruitgrower applied to ono of tho said experts for advice us to planting trees of varieties suitable for export. A portentous list was made out and sont along to tho grower, who, however, seems to havo boon kicked whero tho bump of caution is supposed to bo embossed. Instead of swallowing tho list just as it had been sont, and to make assuranco doubly sure, ho foi warded it to about tho best all-round man in Central Cumberland. Of tho many vurieties of apples enumerated by tho Departmental oxpert, theC.C. man could only certify for three. As to tho list of grapes, the C.C. man waltzed all round it whon he found that the ' Torrett,' one of the best and latest keepers wo have for export, was struck out as usoloss. When Mr, E. Atkina, of Eulalia Nursery, Ermiugton,J puts his pen to paper to 'discuss certain classes in horticultural shows, the result is always something worthy of attention. Last mooting of tho CCA. and H. Associa tion a letter was received from Mr. Atkins containing several suggestions which wo think should bo mainly adopted. In noticing a prize for best fruitgrowers' horto, ho considers that it should bo a condition that the horse should pull a ton round tho ring. His idea of the best fruitgrowers' horse wits ono that will pull a. ton anywhere (within reason), will plough, run in a buggy, and go well in the saddlo, at tho same time being sound nud quiet. Ho considers this the most useful horse for Central Cumberlanders, and ono that should bo encouraged. We simply add 'Hear, hoar.' If anything further wero needed to demon strate the utiorly hopeless condition, or callous, stupid indifference which the Parramatth rato payer takes in tho Council and its officers, it is to bo found in tho fact that not one solitary nomination has boon received for the vacant position of auditor, certainly the most im portant oflico iu the wholo borough, if tho duties aro faithfully and honestly performed. It is good to hear that local men and others are coming forward liberally with special prizes for tho next show 'of tho Central Cumberland A. ind II. Association. Last your tho J Association lost about £-100 through the bud weather ; but they aro not discouraged, and are taking time by tho forelock in getting out a good schedule. Thoy honestly deservo a lift. As au indicator of tho woalth of it district, thero is nothing better than a really healthy agricultural and horticultural associa tion, with really healthy shows. Good people who yeain for our progress and theirs, plenso puss along the cheques. If Alderman Joe Withers does nothing elso for the rest of his present municipal career, ho will havo served the ratepayers well in bringing under notico the very stiff list of charges for hiring the Town Hall, a matter wo havo so often referred to. The Council would do much better to reduce the charges. The incieasM1 business would moro than equalise matters. Besides, it should be remembered Hint llw largest rercuntag'; of ratepayers are no' ' silvertaiU,' and tl.afc to iinnoso charges which only suit the latter puss'ins, so as to k-ep tho hall very select you I now, is an in - jmticc to that largest percentage. The pople's hall should be get-at-able It tho peoplo. Writes tho Illustrated London Kens, referring to tho row Bishop of Goulburn :— ' Although trained in England, at St. Augustine's, Canter bury, his degreo is from Trinity Collego, Toronto. The Australian knows his own wants best, and judges men by tho test of praotical work. But this application of the Homo Eule principle is not viewed with un mixed satisfaction by the highest authorities at home.' We can easily understand how the 'highest authorities at h mo 'regard everything from their own stand-point ; und, on that very account, conceive of ecclosiasttc matters as things to bo fashioned and worked, not so much for the good of tho brethren as for the enhancement of their own dignity and the keeping of the freo Anglican churches iu the colonies in servilo dependence upon their own servilo Erastianism. * ♦ Nobbs, M,P., is hurrying up Minister Suttor to bring in a bill to make lublic education n ally free — in othor word*, to follow up ex Minister Carruthcrs' oflicUl promtneiamento in tho direction of that needed reform by a practical raeasuro to realise it. Tne prosont time is hardly suitable, though, for stopping revenue from any source ; and po3sibly Treasurer See will feol obliged to put his little spoke in tho wheel of the proposal. But as eo m as times are better, as we are convinced they will shoitly, thore should be no delay in mak ing bona fide rimiAKY education absolutely fre-c— not education however that includis 'ologies and pseudo aesthetic fancy work, Parkes, though he sot the bad ex»mpl« of trailing the Premiership of N. w South Wales in Great Britain and other foroign parts, leav ing an acting Premier behind him, is quite right— tho practice is a bad one— an acting Premier is a ' constitutional monstrosity ; ' and both he who foolishly originated the practice and he who is now prosecuting it, still more foolishly, deserve censure and suspicion rather than confidence. Slatttry's reply to Parkes is but a lit of tuquoque-ac bluff. That Sir Henry five years ago played the part of an ogotism-cons'imed would-be autocrat is no earthly reason why Dibbs should do ditto to day ! 