THE BEST BOOKS. Andrew Lang's Youthful Reading In an article in SCRIBNER Mr. Andrew Lang gives an account of how and in what order books appealed to his mind in younger days:— FIRST BOOKS. The first books which vividly impressed me were, naturally, fairy tales, and chap- books about Robert Bruce, William Wallace, and Rob Roy. At that time these little tracts could be bought for a penny apiece. I can still see Bruce and Wallace in full armor discoursing across a burn, and Rob Roy slipping from the soldier's horse into the stream. They did not then awaken a precocious patriotism ; a boy of five is more at home in fairyland than in his own country. The sudden appearance of the white cat as a queen after her head was cut off ; the fiendish malice of the yellow dwarf; the strange cake of crocodile eggs and millet seed which the mother of the Princess Frutilia made for the Fairy of the desert— these things, all fresh and astonishing, but certainly to be credited, are my first memories of romance. One story of a White Serpent, with a woodcut of that mysterious reptile, I neglected to secure, probably for want of a penny, and I have regretted it ever since. ANOTHER PARADISE. We went from the border to the South of England when the number of my years was six, and in England we found another paradise, a circulating library with brown, greasy, ill-printed, odd volumes of Shakes- peare and of the "Arabian Nights." Frag- ments of "The Tempest" and of other plays remain stranded in my memory from these readings: Ferdinand and Miranda at chess; Cleopatra cuffing the messenger ; the asp in the basket of figs ; the Friar and the Apothecary ; Troilus on the Ilian walls ; a vision of Cassandra in white muslin, with her hair down. People forbid children to read this and that. I am sure they need not, and that even in our infancy the magician Shakspeare brings us nothing worse than a world of beautiful visions, half realised. THE WIZARD OF THE NORTH. We left England in a year, went back to Scotland, and awoke, as it were, to know the glories of our birth. We were told about Sir Walter, how great he was, how good, how, like Napoleon, his evil destiny found him at last, and he wore his heart away for honor's sake. And we were given the "Day" and "The Lady of the Lake." Other and better boys, I learn, find Scott "slow." Extraordinary boys! Perhaps "Ivanhoe" was the first favorite of yore ; you cannot beat Front de Bœuf, the assault on his castle, the tournament. No other tournament need apply. M. Conan Doyle, greatly daring, has attempted to enter the lists, but he is a mere Ralph the Hospitaller. Next, I think, in order of de- light, came "Quentin Durward," especially the hero of the scar, whose name Thackeray could not remember, Quentin's uncle. Then " The Black Dwarf " and Dugald, our dear Rittmeister. . I could not read " Rob Roy " then, nor lately ; nay, not till this very year. Now Di Vernon is the lady for me ; the queen of fiction, the peerless, the brave, the tender and true. THACKERAY. I had already enjoyed a sip of Thackeray, reading at a venture, in VANITY FAIR, about the battle of Waterloo. Thackeray became the chief enchanter. Then "The Rose and the Ring " came out. It was worth while to be 12 years old when the Christmas books were written by Dickens and Thackeray. I got hold of "The Rose and the Ring," I know, and of "The Christmas Carol," when they were damp from the press. King Valoroso, and Bulbo, and Angelica were even more delightful than Scrooge, and Tiny Tim, and Trotty Veck. One remembers the fairy monarch more vividly, and the wondrous array of egg-cups from which he sipped brandy—or was it right Nantes?—still "going on sipping, I am sorry to say," even after "Valoroso was himself again." But, of all Thackeray's books, I suppose " Pendennis " was the favorite. HOMER. While we were deep in the history of Pendennis we were also being dragged through the "Commentaries" of Caius Julius Cæsar, through the Latin and Greek grammars, through Xenophon and the Eclogues of Virgil, and a depressing play of Euripides, the "Phœnissie." l can never say how much I detested these authors, who, taken in small doses, are far indeed from being attractive. Elsewhere I have tried to describe the vivid de- light of first reading Homer, delight, by the way, which St. Augustine failed to appreciate. Most boys not wholly immersed in dulness felt it, I think; to myself, for one, Homer was the real beginning of study. BOOKS THAT BOUGHT TEARS. Herodotus was a charming and humorous story-teller, and, as for Thucydides, his account of the Sicilian expedition and its ending was one of the very rare things in literature which almost, if not quite, brought tears into one's eyes. Few pas- sages, indeed, have done that, and they are curiously discrepant. The first book that ever made me cry, of which feat I was hor- ribly ashamed, was "Uncle Tom's Cabin," with the death of Eva, Topsy's friend. Then it was trying when Colonel Newcome said Adsum, and the end of Socrates in the Phædo moved one more than seemed be coming—these, and a passage in the history of Skalagrim Lamb's Tail, and, as I said, the ruin of the Athenians in the Syracusan Bay. THE LOVE OF POETRY. It would be interesting, were it possible, to know what proportion of people really care for poetry, and how the love of poetry came to them, and where and when it stopped. To myself, as I have remarked, poetry came with Sir Walter Scott, for one read Shakespeare as a child rather in a kind of dream of fairyland and enchanted isles than with any distinct consciousness that one was occupied with poetry. Next to Scott, with me, came Longfellow, who pleased one as more reflective and tenderly sentimental, while the reflections were not so deep as to be puzzling. TUPPER AND TENNYSON. Previously one had only heard of Mr. Tennyson as a name. When a child I was told that a poet was coming to a house in the Highlands where we chanced to be, a poet named Tennyson. "Is he a poet like Sir Walter Scott?" I remember asking, and was told, "No, he was not like Sir Walter Scott." Hearing no more of him, I was prowling among the books in an ancient house, a rambling old place with a ghost- room, where I found Tupper and could not get on with "Proverbial Philosophy." Next I tried Tennyson, and instantly a new light of poetry dawned, a new music was audible, a new god came into my medley of a Pantheon, a god never to be dethroned, " Men scarcely know how beautiful fire is," Shelley says. I am covinced that we scarcely know how great a poet Lord Tennyson is; use has made him too familiar. 