DISAPPEARAEL ? ' ' ? ? [By J. M. WAtfERHOTSE.]1 Chap. IV. Tbe maid servant sniffed. Ryan bad1 been ill-advised enough to make slight ing remarks about her, and she was therefore disposed to beiieve ilfc of him. Beaides, he waa a convict, the good opinion of Mr. Taylor could not alter the facf. So Maggie bristled mtb- indignation at Mrs. Taylor's rebuke, and left the room audibly ' hoping the best bat fearing the worst.' Mr. Taylor made his appearance a few minutes later. He was a tall And4 handsome man of two or three and forty looking yeara younger than his frail and sickly wife. Both he and she were very much liked and respected by their' neighbours. In the meantime the young people were on their way to the Dm»o. * Wouldn't it be grand,' Sam Taylor said to his special chum, Harry Foster,' ' if we could inake Lacy Simpson's ghost speak and tell us how she was murdered, and where Honey man hid her body ?' * You might think it grand,' said Harry,' but I should funk speaking to a ghost.' ' Why ? It couldn't hurt you. A paor thin bit of mist !' * Then you be'ieve in ghosts r* 4 1 don't know what I believe. 1 want to find out. Look here, you swear you won't run away and leave me, Harry ? * No ' eaid Harry, tremulously, * I won't leave you, but I think its a tot of foolery, and I wish we hadu't come.' But Sam coaxed and reasoned, and in time they arrived at the Dingo with their courage well in hand. Some of me ooys proposed 10 cumu over iu« fence with which the building had been surrounded by Mr. Taylor, bur, to their surprise, they found that the gate, which they had never, on any previous occasion, found to be unlocked, yielded to their touch. They entered in a body and approached the building, but none seemed anxious to be the first to enter the gaping doorways. The girls pushed and tried to drag each other nearer to the building, but with vehement titter ings and suppressed squeal r they always ran back to the place where the boys stood consulting together in a group. * Here, Sam !' cried one of the boys, ( you are the master of the house. You go first.' ' The master of tbe house does not usually precede his guests, but on this occasion I will do so. Come on, Harry/ 4 Hadn't we better have a light 1' asked Harry. ' I got a bit of candle and a box of matches from the kitchen as we came out.' Harry's foresight was duly applauded, and the candle waa stuck on a bit of wood and lighted. ' We musn't have any shrieking and giggling,' Sam said, addressing tbe girls. 'If you're afraid you needn't come,' The girls held tightly to each other, and avowed their determination to accompany tbeir protectors come what might, and »ery cautiously the party advanced. On the threshold Harry and Sam oaused for an instant, and held the candle at arm's length before them. It was a still, cloudy night. The candle had not flickered out of doors, and now it burned with a quiet mellow light in the squalid passage. The door at which Lucy Simpson had listened years before had almost fafcen from its hinges, and hung sideways into the room. The coarse plaster had fallen upon the rotting floor in great slabs ; the ceiling was cracked across and across ; and cobwebs festooned it from wall to wall. The window- frames showed fringes of broken glaas where stone-throwing boys bad broken the panes, and Bpiders' had filled tbe gaps* and waeps had built their nests of mud in every nook and cranny. Something dark and winged fluttered out of a corner- The girls sci earned, tbe boys, except Sam, started back. * You great donkeys !' be cried. ' Its only a bat,' Another and another bat came in attracted by the light, and Harry had some ado to keep bis candle from their wingp. * There's nothing in here for certain,' Harry said loudly. 4 How you shout !' one of the girls said, peevishly, as folding him they all stepped across tbe passage into the room where the bar counter still stood. The atmosphere reeked with the odour of stale fruit and vegetables and other unpleasant smells. With a choked, gurgling cry Harry _*. ? «._J 1 ? l_ ? *l ? I ? 1JI.3 t 't tsiuneu uuuk. vu me uuuuieu ooys ana girls, treading upon tbe feet of tbe fore most, a* they alii saw, by the light of his candle — a black, veiled figure rise up out of the floor at their feet, with extended anas. A light, wandering breath passed over and extinguished the candle, amid the shrieks and yells of -.be terrified party as with one irapuhe they fled from the spot. ***** ' Nonsense ! a veiled figure, indeed !' cried Mr. Taylor, laughing; 4 It was your own shadow nn the wall, Harry, you were very stupid to take a light in with you. Tbe light of one candle would only serve to distort objects. It*9 pretty plain to me that, there wasn't much courage to qpare among you.! ' But tbe tihape rase tight tip out of tiie floor!' E&rty; pleaded, He was half-in«jlined to accept Mr. TayWs View of the case*— anything would be better than having to believe in the fexistence of ghosts, but he -did not find it possible to doubt the evidence of his bvfti senses. Not even the jovial flames and fumes ©f Snapdragon could restore the spirit bf the party. The excellent supper dishes were left almost untested by those who had been of the expedition, fetid their depression communicated itself even to the most sensible of the guests* CfiAfc. V. In the Course of the following year Mrs. Taylor died. The superstitious among the 'Wattleton people tried to discover a connection between her death ttnd the veiled 6gure which had been been at the Dingo by the Hallowe'en Mr. Taylor lived on at Silrerstone C6ttage until the marriage of his two daughters, and the departure of his eon to &. situation in a lawyer's office in Adelaide made him feel that his lonely life might become unbearable. The cottage was shut and Mr, Taylor left South Australia for a trip to the t)ther colonies. At this period his wife had been dead forr years. While he was staying at an hotel in Sydney, Mr. Tavlor met an old school friend named Watson, who owned a teheep station in the far distant bush of Victoria. He pressed Mr. Taylor to teturn with him and pay his station a Visit. Mr. Taylor, having nothing better to do with his time consented, and the result of that visit was important both to himself and to the story. A lady Jired with Mr, and Mrs. XVatson in the capacity of governess to their daughters, and Mr. Taylor was told that ehe had been a member of the household for fifteen years. From the first moment of their meeting Mr. tTaylor was strongly attracted towards this woman by her charms of manner fend of person. It would be pleasant to linger over the period during which these two persons gravitated towards each other, to show bow firmly their attraction for each other was based upon strong mutual sympathy. But the task undertaken in this narrative is to tell the story of the disappearance of Lucy Simpson ; and it must suffice to eay that Mr. Taylor and Mrs. Watson's governess became en gaged to be married. One day, when they were discussing their plans, Mr. Taylor, for the first time since they became acquainted, mentioned Wattieton as being the name of the place where he resided, to his future wife. *You live at Wattieton 1' she ex claimed, turning very pale. ' Yes, and you will live there too before very long, I hope. Why? Have you any unpleasant association with the place ? ' She was silent for some moments. He watched her anxiously, but he did toot interrupt her thoughts. 4 1 will tell you my story,' she said at last,' ♦ and you shall judge for your self, But first let me ask you whether you know the name or Simpson in con nection with Wattieton ? ' No,' he said smiling. ' Only as the Dame of a ghost- A girl named Lucy Simpson disappeared, mysteriously — -* *I am, or was, Lucy Simpson.' (To he continued next week.) 