Bob ivlafjtiti's Little Diri. A KB# . NO VBL. By DAVID CHHISTIE MHBAY, acthob of '. "Joseph's Coat,!' "Aunt Raohol," . "Rainbow Gold," &c.; . Specially Written for Australian Papers. ; OTCEBHBliilim BtOHTS JtESEBVED.' ' Chamer XXXI .fContinml.J The boat was rolling and plunging, and to be sure o£ bis foothold whilst .standing still, George was compelled to loan forward and clutch tho rail bv Hethoridgo's shoulder, so that the bushy voice breathed almost in his car. He gazed at tho man with keen inquiry, but expression is hard to read, and to Hethe- ridgo's guilty and preoccupied thought the glanco carried n stern and unrelonting accusation. \- 'Where did you see mo last?' he asked. He was bending forward so that the two faces almost mot. ' ' I saw you last at Richmond,' Hethor- idge answered. 'For God's sake, George, have mercy. It's a long time ago now. It's quite a long time ago.' Herb for tho first timo, suspicion of the truth, or rather suspicion of a more frac tion of the . truth, shot into Redwood's mind. He knew now tlio nature of dis guise his father's murderer had assumed at Upnor years ago. The paralytic gait, the hoard, the tinted glasses. He knew, too, that his mother had recognised Hetheridgo by the resemblance to the disguised figure into which ho had fallen, by reason of his long illness. ' Tell me your name,' he said, between his teeth. 'John Hebhoridge,' the stricken wretch responded. To have the unspeakable villain there, under his hand, to have the power to yield him to justice, to havo vengeance for his father's death, and payment for the miseries of his own torn heart within his grasp, and yet to know that he was bound in sacred honour to do nothing, bred such a tumult in his soul, as waB well nigh unendurable. Whether the mod mau- who mistook the living son for the dead father's wraith, or the son himself, with all his wrongs and hatreds throng ing on him, suffered the more, it would be hard to say. Redwood felt that if he lingered near the monster, the mere physical temptation whioh beBet him to seize him by the throat and to shake out the miserable remnant of his life, would grow too strong to be resisted. He turned away and staggered aoross the rolling dock, staring blindly at the billows as they rolled up to meet the cleaving hows. Inaction was not to he endured. He began to pace up and down again on tho wet and slippery deck. The roaring wind and driving spray had sent everybody but himself and Hotheridge to shelter. Hetheridgo sat helpless, and Redwood ploughed and stumbled to and fro with his whole mind in a ferment of love, and agony, and re venge. But there was nothing to he done; he was hound to contain, himself and to keop silence. 'As he mastered his emotions his thoughts grew clearer, and another part of the truth became manifest to him. It was evident that Hotheridge's mind was quite unhinged in one particular, and that he took Georgo Redwood for his father. George was fully aware of the surprising likenesB he presented. Kir klustace had emphasised it quite recently, and he him self had arrived at the fact Hethoridge's perturbed faujy had momentarily mis taken his solid presence for his father's apparition. He saw that that delusion had now taken fixed possession of the murderer's mind. Tho boat reached Ostend, and during the delay there for lunoheon, and examination of baggage at Douane, Redwood paced the platform without cossation, whilst Hetheridgo, from a seat in front of tho refreshment room, watched his. every motion as if fascinated. Ho was under a compulsion to watoh his victim's movements, to notice every gesture, and to strive to read every expression of his face. Vaguely he asked himself in his beclouded mind if his viotim had diad iu mortal sin that he lived now in suoh inquictudo. "Were thoy com panions forjeternity ? When at last tho traia started, Hethe ridgo still under tho same resistloss com pulsion, followed Rodwood into the carriage he had chosen ; the young man had thrown himself into a seat and stared gloomily out of tho farther window with his book turned towards tho carriage door. Ho kept that attitude for a long time, and it was not until thoy wore miles upon their journoy that he turned and saw his enomy otill near him. All tho venom of bis nature stirred at tho sight of him, and to breathe the somo air was a torture. At the first stopping place ho dashed from the carriage and entored another com partment. Hetheridge's ncarno-s still tormented him, but less exigently than before. It occurred to him suddenly that be had seen tho ticket for Antwerp at Rover town station, and that by some ovorsight on tho part of the officials, Hetheridgo had been allowed to take the wrong train. Onco moro his guess hit very near tho truth, and he surmised that his presence had a sort of fasoination whioh the other found it difficult, if not impossible, to resist. Tho train mid-way was enfiladed by the ' guard who, climbling along tho marckepied, entered each carriage in turn with his brisk and civil ' Vos billets, si'l vous plait, messieurs !' In due turn he lighted upon Hothoridgo, who produced a tiokot for Antwerp. / ' M'siou a fait orreur,' said tho guard, ' II so trouve dans la train pour Bruxellcs et pas pour Anvoro.' Alors,' replied Hotheridge. ' II faut quo vous payqz la diffcronco, etmon pbrd do tcmp3 aussi. Jo ho auia. pas chage d'inspecteur do billets, moi.' Ho was only mad — ' Nor', nor'-west.' Where money was ooncerned he could still- tell a hawk from a hemshaw. The guard ia&vr; the matter in a, somewhat: different light, and smilingly compromised by a. promise of a free return to Antwerp. As a mere matter of fact, Antwerp and Brussels wore one to the fugitive. If ho were discovered to havo taken a . ticket for Antwerp, ho could naturally ho sought in that cityj and then all trace of him would be lost for the .moment. Iu tho presence of his ghost theRe things mattered little, and in tho Station du Nord, of tho Belgium capital, tho ghost was hack again. ,"1' Redwood had been revolving certain things iu his mind, and had decided to bottom the mystery, which for sn many years had heon- unfathomable. He re cognised his own power over Hetheridgo, and determined to put it to employ ment. When ho appeared on the platform he saw at onco that the fascination hoexoited Had undergone an abatement. Hethe ridge's eyes still held him, and his totter ing footsteps followed liira. He expressed his desire to break the journey und to stay in Brussels for the night, and having soon to tho unloading of his baggage, he turned to Hetheridgs. ' Come with mo.' Ho was oboyed as by a man in a mes meric trance. He saw the wreck into a fiacre and gave the driver orders to follow his own vehicle to the Hotel de Suede, in tho Rue de L'Eveque. Arrived there, ho asked for a privuto room, and after a trifling delay, was oonduoted into an up stairs parlour/ ' Does monsieur require anything at present ?' asked the smart chambermaid. 'I will give my orders later on,' Georgo. answered, and the girl retired. 'Sit there,' ho commanded .Hotheridge, pointing to a chair, ' and answer the questions I shall put to you.' Being obeyed, he fell to pacing to and fro, thinking how best to open his in quiry. There was a revulsion in his heart against the means he used, but the case was extraordinary and not' to be dealt with by common methods. ' Listen to me,' he said, pausing sud denly. 'It is part of the punishment ordained to you that you shall tell me everything. What motive had you for that cruel murder ?' ' Hetheridge tried in vain to answer, hut finally stammered out a few disconnected and unmeaning words. ' Toll me the motive of your crime,' Redwood repeated sternly. Hetheridge, trembling with super stitious horror, unfolded all his Btory. Redwood dragged it from him scrap by scrap, remorselessly, until at length the truth stood revealed in nakedness. 'Iam quite broken,' .Hetheridge re sumed at the finish, 'quits broken. I ought to bo a young man still, and- look at me. You might have meroy on me now ; for God's sake, don't haunt me any longer. Have pity. Let mo die in peaoe, I shan't be long, I can't be long.' 'If it were not for one thing,' Red wood responded, sternly; ' I would have you hanged like a dog. 'If I could sur render you to the fate you want without soiling your daughter's name, I would drag you back to England and force you to confession.' 'No, no, no,' soreamed Hetheridge. ' Givo me time. Let me have a little time. I must have .time to. repent. I must have time to make my peace with Heaven.' - .;> f '' ' You go scot frao;' said Redwood. Using unoonsoiously the phrase which Hethoridge had found delightful years ago, and in which had . lived so bitter an irony in all his latter time. ' Your child's name shall not be despised by any public rumour of your crimo. You are free. Go ; carry your own ipunishment with you to the grave. If you can repent, repent, hut let me see you no more.' He cast the door wide open and pointed out to it with a commanding hand. - The abjeot misery arose, stilt clutching ;by instinct the precious handbag in whioh all his belongings .lay. He crawled feebly to the door and down tho staircase, pausing twice to look "back. He dis appeared at the turning of the stairs, and Redwood, falling on a sofa, hid his face in both hands. It cost him an hour or two to recover from the agitation into which the singular interview had thrown him. A bath in stinging cold water and complete change of raiment seemed necessary to purify him from tho taint the mere physical nearness of his father's murderer had brought him. He had not broken his fast since leaving London, and even now the food he trie/T to swallow seemed to choke him, but he managed to eat a little, and having finished his pint of wine, he put on Ins hat and gloves, and ovorcoat, and walked into the streets The winter night had fallen, but the streets were ab'azo with light and brisk with many passers to and fro. He had walked but a minute or two, when a loud and excited vcice arrested him. He looked up and found himself in the immediate neigh bourhood of the General Post Office, nnd there with a curious orowd about him, was a burly Englishman, vociferating in voluble but absolutely incomprehensible phrases— French interlarded with Eng-. lish. Redwood recognised the voice and the burly shoulders as belonging to Sir Eustice "Wyncome. Ho dashed across tho road, and found tho baronet engaged in wild colloquy with a gendarme, whom he held firmly by both shoulders, and who gasped and stared at him without under standing so much as a single word. ' Sir Eustace !' oried Redwood. ' What is tho matter? Can I be of servioeto you?' ' Great heaven, Redwood 1' oried tho baronet ; ' that you should arrive at such a moment passes everything. I have just seen your father's murderer, the villain who called himself Andre Dom. I know him in a second ; he was just starting to drive away in a cab. I dashed at him, but he oried out to the driver. I hung on for a minute, but I had a naBty fall at last. I should havo known him nny- wliore amongBt a million. I could swear to him. I collared this fellow, tho first policeman I could come across, but I can't makehiin understand.' He was wild with oxcitement, and now that lie had timo to observe him, Redwood saw that ho was mud from head to foot, und that one ungloved hand was bleeding. ' "Where are 70U staying, Sir EuBtace ?' . ho demanded. ' At the Belle Vuo Hotel,' the baronet answered. . ' Let mo call you a cab,! said Redwood. ' I will cull upon you in on hour. Better ! I will go with yon, and you' shall givo me a full descriptieo of Jieman. . I will write it out in Frehoh add hate it transmitted from tlio police station hero bv wire to every port and railway station. You are sure of tho man?' . 'Sure?' echoed Sir Eustace. 'Assure as I am of inv own existence. I tell you I'd swear to him among a million.' . Tho crowd stood round wondering and jeering. George called a carriage, and the two wore driven away. ' Now tell mo what the man was like/ Sir Eustace described Hetheridge to the life— bent, paralytic, bearded, the eyes defended by goggle glosses. . '. He spoke in French,' he cried, ' and I could swear to his voice as well as to his looks. Ho knew mo, too, the villain. If I had found him in a Christian country I'd have had him by the heels in gaol by now.' ' There has been a great lapse of time.' Georgo urged, desperately. ' In a matter of such consequence there must be no mistake.' ' Man alive !' oried Sir Eustace, with impatience. There can bono mistake. I toll you the scoundrel knew me. Ho got back into the corner of the carriage the second I wont for him. I heard him speak my name under his breath, and then he shrieked out like a parrot in his own jargon, and the fool of a cabman drove on without understanding what I said to him. I tried to open the door to get in, but I'm not so young as I used to he, and it cauded me a nasty tumble. I was within an ace of boing run over.' The cab was arrested at the entrance of Sir Eustace's hotel, and George assisted him to alight. ' You have nothing more to tell .me be fore I go?' rio BE CONTINUED IO-1IOBBOW. 