TRAVELS IN JAPAN. By IiAFCADIO Heabn. A PILGRIMAGE TO ENOSHIMA. — THE SOUL OF THE EAST. You do not soo the Dni-Butsu as you enter the, grounds of his long vanished temple and procoed along a paved path aoross stretches of lr«wn ; great trees hido bim. But vory suddenly, at a turn, he comes into full view — and you ntnrt. No matter how many photographs of the colossus you may have already seen, this first vision of tho reality is an astomsluneut. Then you imagino that you nro already too noar, though tho image is at least 100 yards away. As for me, I retire at once 30 or 40 yards b'xok to get a better view, and tho jmrikshaumu runs after mo, laughing nnd. gesticulating, thinking that I imagino tho imago alivo and am afraid of it. But evon wore that shape alive, none could be afraid of it. Tho gentleness, the dreamy passionlessness of thoso features, the immonso repose of tho whole figure, aro full of beauty and charm. And the nearer you approach the giant Buddha the greater this charm bccomos. You look up into tho solemnly beautiful face, into the half eloBed eyes that seem to watch yon through their eyelids of bronze as gentle as any musune, and you feol that imago typifies all that is tender nnd calm in the soul of . the EaBt. Yet you feel also that only Jnpaneso thought could have created it. Its beauty, its dignity, its perfeot repose, reflect the higher life of the raoo that imagined it, and though doubtless in spired by some Indian modol, as the treatment of tho hair ' and tho various symbolic marks rovcal, the figure is Japanese, nnd tho costume — tho wide sleeved, spacious, loose flowing robe, opon at the bosom — differs littlo from tho ceremonial cos tume of the land to-dny. So mighty and beautiful the work is that you will not, perhaps, havo even noticed the magnificent lotos plants of bronzo, fully 15 feet high, planted before the figure, on either sido of tho tripod, in whioh inoonse rods are burning. Through an orifice on the right sido of tho onormous lotos blossom on which tho Buddha is seated you oan enter into the statuo. The inte rior oontainB a little shrine of Ewannon, and a statuo of the priest Yuten, and a stono tablet bearing in Chinese characters tho saored for mula : "Namu Amida Buddha." A ladder enables the pilgrim to ascend into tho intorior of tho colossus as high as the shoulders, in whioh aro two littlo windows commanding a wide prospect of tho grounds, while a priest, who acts as guide, states tho age of the statue to be 630 years, and asks for some small contri bution to aid in the ereetion of a new temple to shelter it from the weathei. For this Buddha once had a temple. A tidal wave loiiowing an carthquako swept walls and roof away, but left the mighty Shaka unmoved, still meditating upou his lotos. And wo. arrive bofore the shrine of Kwannon, high placed above tho foliage shadowed road. Kwannon, Maiden Goddess of tho most eastern East ; Kwannon, sweetest divinity created by human faith and lovo : Kwannon, who yielded up hor right to the eternal peace that she might save the souls of men, and renounced Nirvana to suffer with humanity for other myriad million ages ; Kwannon, purest Goddess of Pity and of Meroy. I climb threo flights of Bteps leading to tho temple ; and a young girl, seated at tho thresh- < old, rises to greet the visitor with a delicious smile and a beautiful bow. Then she disappears within the temple, to summon the guardian priest, a venerable man, white robed, who makes me a sign to enter. The temple is large as any I havo yet seen at Kamakura, nnd, like tho othors, grey with the wearing of 600 years. From the roof thero hang down votive offerings, inscriptions and lanterns in multitude, displaying numberless pleasing colors in the light of the open doors. Almost opposite to the entrnuce is a singular statue, a seated figure, of human dimensions and most human aspeot, looking upon us with small weird eyes set in a wondrously wrinkled faco. This faco was originally painted flesh tint, and the robes of the image pale blue, but now tho whole is uniformly grey with ago and dust, and its color- lessness harmonises so woll with tho senility of the figure that one is almost rendy to believe oneself gazing at a living mendicant pilgrim. It is Zenzuru— the same personage whoso imago at Asakusa has been made featureless by tho wearing touch of countloss pilgrim fingers. To left and right of tho entranco are tho Ni-O, enormously muscled, furious of aspect; their crimson bodies are speckled with a white scum of paper pellets spat at them by wor shippers. Above the altar is a small, but vory pleasing, image of Kwannon, with her entire figure relieved against an oblong halo of gold, imitating the flickering of flame. But this is not the image for whioh the temple is famed. Thoro is a marvellous ono, only to be seen upon cer- tain conditions. Tho old priest preseuts me with & petition written iu excellent and eloquent Euglish, praying visitors to contribute something to tho maintenance of tho temple and its pontiff, and appealing to thoso of another faith to remember that any belief which can make men Icindly and good is worthy of respect. Only too gladly do I contribute my mite ; and I aak to aeo the great Kwannon. Then the old priest lights n lantern, and leads the way through a low doorway on tho left of tho temple, into some very lofty darkness. I follow him cautiously awhile, discerning nothing whatever but tho flicker of his lantern ; then we halt before something which gleams. A moment, and my eyes, becoming moro ha bituated to the darkness, begin to distinguish outlines, tho gleaming object defines itself gradually as a foot— an enormous golden foot, evidently a woman's from tho beauty of its colossal curves, and I perceive tho hem of a golden robe undu lating over the instep. Now the other foot appears ; the figure is cor tainly standing. I can also perceive that we aro in a very narrow, though lofty chamber, and that out of somo mysterious blackness overhead ropes are hanging down into the circle of lantern light, illuminating tho giant feet. The priest lights two more lanterns and suspends them upon hooks attached to a pair of pendant ropes about a yard apart ; then ho pulls up both together slowly. More of tho golden robe is re vealed as the lanterns ascend, swinging on their way. Then tho outlines of two mighty knees, then tho curving of thighs, superb, columnar, under grandly chiselled drapery. And with this strangoly progressive illumina tion thero comes to mo a sense of unanticipated beauty of feminine charm— a charm of grace, colossal grace, Titanic magnificence. And, as with tho still wavering ascent of the lanterns, the golden vision towers over higher through the gloom, expectation intensifies into breathlessness. There is no Round but tho sound of tho invisible pulleys far overhead, which squeak liko bats. Now abovo the golden girdle about tho waist of the goddess, tho suggestion of a beautiful bosom riohly draped appears ; now tho glowing of a golden hand, with taper fingers uplifted as in benediction ; now another comely hand, holding a lotos blossom. And now suddenly a face, golden, seraphic, soft-smiling with the sweetness of oterual youth, of immortal beauty, of infinite tenderness— tho face of Kwan- non- Sama. And the pulchritude, tho speaking lovelincs of tho work thus mysteriously revealed out of tho holy darkness — out of tho oonsecrated ailonco— thrills me with a reverontial emotion that I cannot explain. It is only that I am mastered by tho soul power of a forgotten art ! 1 But the lanterns, which have boon hanging at the lovol of tho beautiful face, now ascend higher, with a frosh squeaking of pulleys; and lo, the tiara of tho goddess defines into strangest symbolism. "What at first, more dimly irradiated, socmed only an elaborate coiffur.e, now resolves itself into a pyramid of herids, of faces— charming faces of maidens — miniature faces of Kwannon herself. For this is Kwannon-of-thc-Eloven-Fac/ja — Jui- ichi-mon-Kwannon. And with a sudden delicious surprise of sweet ness, such as when through tho eyes, of a girl ono : feels for ono instant of revelation, the splendor of infinite goodness shine upon lr/m, thero comos to mo the full sense of Kwannon's divinity, human, real, unspeakably beautiful and tender. Divine sho is, as maidenhood is divine, as motherhood and sisterhood are divine, as sympathy and sweetness are divino, as beauty and love's illusion aro divine, though, ever in a strangely exquisite and Oriental way, with tho divinity o goodness as incarnated in ' the woman ot Jrpan. Sho is far nourer to God in this Orient than is man — who still affects to despise hor in hisignor- ance of bee. Svorth. Yet ho has cultivated her sympathy, her graces, hor unselfishness, her dainEniess, to a degree inexpressible and incom parable ; nnd the hope of tho race is in hor. klMt woman is what man has power to make hor is a faob of no moro significance than that God is just whatman makes him. can have no divinities savo those of its own creating; and tho croated finds power to reshape tho creator. In tho most Eastern East, as in the "\Vest, woman is making for man a soul. Tho love and tho sufferiug, the sacrifices and the joys of innumerable mothers, have in all lands dovolopcd whatsoever is heroic, loving, ' goneroue, noble in tho man— all Mint whioh makes our sense of right nnd wrong — all that is bom in us of goodness as an instinct. And tho future of tho Japanese raeo depends upon its womanhood ; and nono may doubt the high destiny of that race who has loarnod to know how beautiful is tho femininity which it has made. Most sacred this statue is held, and this is its legond. In the reign, of the Emperor Gensci, there lived in tho province of Ynmnto a Buddhist priest, Tokudo Shonin, who hiul boon, in a previous birth, Koki Bonntsu, but hnd been re born among common men to .save thoir souls. Now at that timo in a valley in Ynmnto, Shonin, walking by night, saw a wonderful radiance, and going towards it found that it came from tho trunk of a great fallen troo — a Kusi-noki, or camphor tree. A delirious porfume came from tho tree, and the shining of it was like tho shining of the moon. And by theso signs Shonin knew that the wood was holy, and ho bethought him that ho should have the statue of Kwamiuii cur vou from It. And hu rooituu the sutra, and repeated the JVcuZmlsu, praying for inspiration; and oven while he prayed there came and stood before him an aged man aud an aged woman, and theso said to him : " "We know that your desire is to havo the imago of Kwan- non-Sama carved from this troo with tho help of heaven ; continue, thoroforo, to pray, and we shall carve the statue." And Shonin did as thoy bade bim, and he saw them easily split tho vast trunk into two equal parts and begin to oarvo e&ch; of the parts into a mighty imago. And ho Baw them so labor for thrco days, and on the third day the work was dono, and ho saw the two marvellous statues of Kwannon made porfoot before him. And ho said to tho strangers who had wrought this wondrous work : "Tell mo, I pray you, by what names you aro known." Thon tho old man answered : "I am Kasuga Myojin." And tho woman answered : " I am called Ton-sho-ko- dai-jin ; I am tho goddess of tho sun." As they Hpoko both became transfigured marvellously and ascended to heaven, and vanished from the sight of Shonin. And the emperor, hearing of these happeniugs, sont his ambassador to Yamatotomake offerings and to havo a temple built. Also tho groat priest, Giogi Bossisu, came and conoecrated the images, and dedicated the templo whioh by order of tbo emperor was built. And one of the statues ho placed in tho temple, enshrining it aud commanding it : — " Stay thou bore always to save all living creatures." But the other statue ho cast into tho soa, saying to it : — " Go thou whithersoover it is 'bout, to save all the living." Now this statue therewith floated to Kama kura. And thero, arriving by night, it shod a great radianco all about it ns if thero wero sun shine upon the sen ; nnd the fishermen of Kama kura wero awakoncd by tho great light, and they went out in boaks and found the Rtatuo floating and brought it to shore. And the em peror ordored that a temple should bo built for it — the temple called Shin- hascidera — on the mountain called Kniko San, at Kamnkura. As we loave the temple of Kwannon bohind us there are no moro dwellings visible along the road the green slopes to loft and right become loftior and sfceopor, and tho shadows of tho groat trees deepen over us. But still, at inter vals, Bomo flight of venerable mossy steps, a comely Buddhist gateway, or fantastio tori, signal the presenoe of some sanctuary we have no time to visit; countless crumbling shrines aro all around us, dumb witnesses to the antique splendor and vastnes of the dead capital, and everywhere mingled with per fume of blossoms and clayey odors of docayp hovers' the jjiwcGt resinous smell of Japanese inconse, Betimes wo pass a scattered host of sculptured stones, liko seg ments of four sided pillars, old hakas, tho forgotten tombs of a long abandoned cemetery, or the solitary imago of some Buddhist deity — a dreaming Amida or faintly smiling Kwannon. All are ancient, time discolored, mutilated — a few havo been weatherworn into unrecog- nisability. I halt a moment to con template something pathetic — a group of six images of the charming divinity who cares for the ghosts of little children — the Rolcu-Jizo. Oh ! how chipped and sourfed and mossed thoy are ! Fivo stand buried almost up to thoir shoulders iu a. heaping of littlo stones, testifying to tho prayers of generations ; and votive yodarckake infaut bibs of divers colors lmvo been put about tho necks of them for the love of children lost. These bibs for the littlo child souls are now enough. Jizo is still worshipped, for love and the secret of death can novcr become indifferent to human hearts. But one of tho gentle god's images lies shattered and overthrown in its own scattered pebble pile, broken pcrh&ps; by somo passing waggon. Thon we pursue our journey. The wood slopes before us as we go, sinks down between cliffs stoop as the wells of a canon, and curves ahvayw as we advance. Suddenly we emerge from the cliffs and reach tlio sen. It is bluejfliko tho unclouded sky — a tender, dreamy, exquisite blue. And our path turns sharply to tho right, and ujmds along cliff summits overlooking a broad bcatyli of dun colored sand ; and the sea wind blowl deliriously with a sweet saline scent, templing the luugsto fill themselves to the very utmofft and far away beforo mo I perceive a benutifitl high green mass, an island, foliage covered, rising out of the waterabout aquartcrofa mile from the mainland Euoshima, tho holy island, sacred to tho goddess of tbo sen, the goddess of beauty, the goddess of love. I can already distinguish its tiny town, grey sprink ling its steep slope. Evidently it can bo roached to-day on foot, for tho tide is out, and has left bare a loug broad reach of sand, ex tending to it from the opposite village whioh wo aro approaching, like a causeway. . Such proves to be the case ; for at Atase, the little settlement facing ' the island, we must leave our jinrikishas, aqd walk ; the dunes betwoen tho village and th<« beaoh are too deep to pull the vehicle ovor.1, Scores of other jinrikishas aro waiting here in the little narrow street for pilgrims who havo preceded me. But to-day, I am told, I am the oinly European who visits the shrine of Benton. Our two men lead over the dunes ; and we descend upon wet, smooth, firmj sand, and bogin to approach the island. As we| near the island, the architectural details of the little town define delightfully, through tho', faint sea haze, curved blucish sweeps of fantas/tic roofs, angles of airy balconies, high peaked, 'curious gables, idl above a fluttering of queorly (shaped banners, covered with mysterious lettering. We pass tho sand flats and/ the ever open splondid portal of the Sea City — the city of tho Dragon Goddess — is beforo us,»a giant torii. All of bronze it is, v/ith shimenawja of bronze above it, and a brazen, tablet iuscribe/d with characters declaring — "This is the p&lnrie; of tho Goddess of Euoshirna," tho Goddess Identcn. About tho bases of (Jie ponderous pillaijfs circles an eddy ing of sfyvnnga designs in rojfievo— an eddying of wavos with tortoises struggling in tho flow. This ts really the gate. of -the city, but it is tho thii'i torii of the imposing series facing tho shi.lno of Beaton b;r the land approach through K.atase. We did. not see tho others, having 'jomo by way of the coast. And lo ! we aro in Enoshima. High before us slopes th e single street — a street of immensely broad steps? — a street shodowy, oddly beautiful with quivering of multi-colored flags and dark bluo drap.ory dashed with white fantasticalities, which ajre signs, fluttered by tho sea wind. It is lined vritb taverns and booths, tho daintiest miniature shops. Down an interior staircase dcscojfidiug to tho first story of an open . tea house on the right, I catcii a glim.pse of exquisito bare feet ooming as I pass — the r«et of a young girl — and hear a sound of koto pljaying above; and "Clm" smiles and answer my look of inquiry by uttering tho singlo !word geisha. Then the booths fas cinate irjio. At every one I must pause to look, and to lare to look at anything in Japan is to want td buy it. So I buy, and buy and buy. Oh I .If I oould only contrive by any help of any sorqery to booome, just for one delicious 1 hour, rioh. For verily 'tis tbo city of mothor of pearl, this Eaoshlina. Iu every shop, behind tho marvellously lottorcd draperies there are miracles of sholl work for salo at absurdly small prices. The glazed oases laid flat upon tho matted platforms, tho shelved eabinots sot against the pretty walls, aro all opalescent with marvellous things— extraordinary surprises, incrodiblo ingenuities, strings of mother of pearl fish, strings of mother of pearl birds, and shimmering with phantom rainbow colors. Thero aro littlo kittens of mothor of pearl, and little foxes of mother of pearl, and little puppies of mother of pearl, and girls' hair combs, and cigarette holders and pipes too beautiful to use. Thoro are littlo tortoisoa, not larger than a shilling, made of a shell, that, whon you touch them, however lightly, begin to move, hend, legs and tail, all at tbo samo time, alternately withdrawing or protruding their limbs so much liko real tortoiaos as to givo ono a nervous shook of astonishment. Thore aro storks and birds, nnd booties and buttorflios, and crabs and lobsters made so magioally of shell work that only touch con vinces you they are not alive. Thoro are boos of shell substances poised on fiowors of tho samo material, poised on wiro in so cunning a way that they soem to buzz if moved only with tho tip of a feather. Thore is shell work jewellery iudesoribftble, all things that Japaueso girls love, enchantments in mother- of-pearl, hair pins carven ina hundred forms, broochos, necklaces. And thero are photographs of Enoshima. Tho curious street ends at a second torii, a wooden torii, with n flight of stone steps ascond- ing to it. Beforo the steps ou either side aro votive stone lamps (toroe), and close to tho toro on tho right, n little well, and a tank in whioh to wash one's hands — for it is deemed a pious aot upon tho part of pilgrims to wash their hands oro entering the preiiuiiOM of tho gods. And hanging beside tho tank are small pretty sky blue towels, with white characters upon thorn. I ask Akira what those characters signify; " Ho-Kong is tho sound of tho characters in the Ohincse ; but in Japanese tho samo characters are pronounood Kenji tntematsura, and signify that thoso towels aro most humbly offered to Benten. They aro what you call votive offerings. And thero are many kinds of votive offerings made to famous shrines. Some pooplo give towels, somo givo piotures, some give vases, some offer lanterns of paper, or bronze, or stone. It is common to promise such offerings wlicn making petitions to tho gods ; and it is usual to promise a torii. Tho torii may be small or great, ac cording to the wealth of him, who gives it. Tho vory rich pilgrim may offer to the gods a torii of motal such as that below, whioh is the Gate of Enoshima." "Akira, do the Japanese always keep their vows to the gods? " Akira smilos a sweet smilo and answers " There was a man who promised to build a torii of good metal if his prayer wore granted. And ho obtained all that ho desired ; and thon ho built a torii with three fino, small needles." Ascending tho steps we reach a terrace, domi nating all tho city roofs. There are Buddhist lions of stone and stone lanterns, mossed and chipped, on either side tho torii ; and the back ground of tho terrace is tho holy mountain, co vered with foliage. To the left is a balustrade of stone, equally old and greon, surrounding a I shallow pool, stagnant, and covered with somo vordant scum of water weed. And on the fur ther bank above it, out of the bushes, towers a strangely shaped stone slab, poised on odgo and covered 'with Chinese charac ters.' It is a ' sacred stone, and is believed to havo the form of a great frog, gartm — wherefore it is called Gama-ishi, " The Frog Stone." Hero and thoro along tho edge of tho terrace are other graven monuments, ono of whioh is tho offering of oertain pilgrims who visited the shrine of tho sea goddess 100 times. On the right other flights of stops lead to loftior terraces, and an old man' who sits at the foot of them making birdoagos of bamboo, offers him self as guide. "We follow him to tho next terrace, where thero is a school for- Japanese children — tho ohildren of Enoshima, nnd another saored stone, huge and shapeless — Fukuishi, tho Stone of "Wealth. In olden times pilgrims who rubbed their hands upon it beliovod they would j thereby gain riches, and the stone is polished and worn by tho touch of countloss palms. More Htops and more green mossed lions and lanterns, and another terrace with, a little tomple in its midst— the. firyt. shrine of Benten. Before it a few stunted pahn.trecs are growing. There is nothing in the shrine of interest— only Shinto emblems. But there is another well besido it, with other votive towels — sky blue towels bearing characters ; and thoro is another mysterious monument — a stono shrine brought over from China 600 years' ago. Per haps it contained some far famed statuo before his place of pilgrimage was given over to the priests of Shiuto, contemners of Buddhist images. There is nothing in it now ; the monolith slab forming tho back of it has been fractured by the falling of rooks from the cliff abovo, and tho inscription cut therein has been almost effaced by somo kind ot scum. Amra reads, Dai-Nippon-goku-Enoshima-no- roisoki- kon. . . The rest is undecipherable. Ho Bays there is a statue in the neighboring tem ple, but it ib exhibited only once a year, on tho fifteenth day of the sovonth month. Leaving the court by a rising path to the left, we traverse the edge of a cliff overlooking tho sea. The way is lined with little tea houses, all widely opened to the breeze, tea houses porchod ou tho edge of a precipice, nnd ovor their lacquered floors ono sees through the frame of their dainty balconies the delirious ocean blue I and tho horizon specked with snowy sails. I And a faint blue peaked shape also, liko a phantom island, the far vapory silhouette of Oalima. Thoro wo find another torii, and other Bteps leading to a tetrace almost black with shade of enormous overgreon trees, and surrounded on tho sea side by another stono balustrade velvcted with moss. On the right moro steps, another torii, another torraco, and moro mossed green. lions and stone lamps, and a monument inscribed with tho reoord of change whoreby Enoshima passed away from Buddhism to become Shinto. Beyond, in tho centre of another plateau, tho second shrino of Benten. But there is no Benten ! Benten has been liiddon away by Shinto hands. The second shrine is void as the first. Nevertheless, in a shed to tho left of tho templo strange relics are exhibited. Feudal armor, suits of plate and ohain mail ; helmets with visors whioh are demoniacal masks of sable iron; helmets created with furious dragons in gold ; two handed swords worthy of giants ; and enormous arrows, moro than 5 feet long, with shafts nearly an inch in diameter. Ono has a orescent head about 9 inches from horn to horn, tho interior odgo of the croscent being sharp as a knife. Such a missile would tako off a man's head if shot with great force, but I can scarcely believe Akira's assuranco that Buch ponderous arrows weio shot from a bow by hand only. There is a specimen : of the writing of Nichiron, the great Buddhist >riest, gold characters on a blue ground ; there is in a lacquored shrine a guidon dragon, said to ' have been made by that still greater priost and writer and master wizard, Kobodaishi; and there are some Buddhist lions and other symbols placed on view only as curiosities. 