\?i)t â>po"ntp ¿fttorning UßeralU MONA Al', MAT 30, '1892. A MSASTiuros oyclono 1ms swopt over Oie Stato of Kansas, in 'America. In tho town of Welling- ton many buildings wero wrocked nnd 500 persona woro killod or wounded. A debate upon the Polynesian labour question in Queensland took place in tho House of Com- mons on Thursday night. In replying to a question Baron do Worms, Political Socrotary to tho Colonial Offico, said that the great colonies must settle tho matter without Impel iul intervention. Mu. Balvoub stated that her Jin josty's Govern- ment rocoguisod that thero had boon abuses in tho kanuka labour traffic in tho past, but this experi- ence would doubtless tond to provent a recurrence of them. He also said that tho working of the Aot -would bo olosely watched. The debato was of an exciting ohnrwitor, nnd was ohieily oonflnod to the extremo humanitarian seotion of tho Houso. The leaders of the Glad stonian Liboral party privately disavow any association with tho opposition of the extremists. Coionkl Fnnxoii, lately commandant of tho Queensland defonco foroo, has written to tho press ùu dofenco of tho kanaka traffio. The kanaka boxos on board tho labour brig Ojieelman asd Co., Sydney Arcado, find the appreciation and demand for their Platinotypo 1 Photographs to bo steadily increasing.-[Auto,] I Para, which was about to sail to the South Sea Islands, woro recently examined by tlio oustoms. authorities. Two of thom wero fouud toiiuvo_ falso bottoms, under whioli a ritlo, ' 90 rounds of' ball cartridges, two flasks of gunpowder, n box of oapa, and a ilnsk of whisky wero discovered. Tub Turkish Government proposes to oonslruet a railway from Sofia, tho capital of Bulgaria, to Salónica. On tho motion of Sir. John Burns tho London County Connon has rooognisod the boura of labour and rates of wages fixed by tho union. Unwss ho again deolines to Bland it io con- sidered corl«iu that Sir. .T. G. Blaine, tho Ameri- can Scoretary for Stato, williio nominated for the Presidency. Mr. G rover Cleveland's ohnueo of nomination in the Démocratie intorost is daily improving. Tin: Frrnoh pross is jubilant at linly being com- pelled oither to withdraw from tho Triplo Alli- ance or to submit to ruin. Theke was another heavy downpour of rain at Broken Hill during Friday night. All tlio flams aro filled to overflowing, ami tlio water famino ia at an ond. Oîi Saturday tho Minister for Works acooptcd tho toudor of Messrs. Chambers and Grorook for woodblocking und woodpiivlng Martin-place at a contract price of slightly over £2000. A German Judge in East Africa has sontonocd 17 Arab slave dealers to bo hanged. Two dynamite bombs havo boen oxplodod at tho houses of two of tlio principal niorohants at Com mentry in Franco. Gront damngo was dono to tho buildings, but no lives woro lost. A youno woman named lioatrioo Cooper has boon sontonocd to a week's imprisonment by tho Cambridge Spinning House. Tho sentence was hissed in Court. Tur. Bishop of Durham urges tho colliory owneva to ngreo to a reduction of 10 per cent, in tho minors' wages instead of 13J- per oejt., as in- sisted upon by the masters, and to proceed to arbitration on the remaining 3J por cont. It' has been deoided at a meeting of IS,000 Durham miuora not to vote for any coal-owner who may bo a candidato at tho forthcoming genora! oleotions. The Queon, to whom nn appeal was made by the miners of Cleveland, in Yorkshire, in connec- tion with tho prevailing distress consequent upon tlio striko, has declinod to interioro. A Chows Tenants' Association has boon formed at Bourke. Its object is to protect lessees in tho matter of routais. Yesterday tho anniversary eolobration services in conueotion with tho Central Methodist Mission, which woro in progress throughout last wook, woro eonoludod. Ox Saturday morning tho jury in tlio divorco suit of Michel v. Miohol rotnrned into court without having been ablo to agroo upon a verdict. Thoy woro accordingly discharged. The Minister for Lands is calling for tondora for tho erection of 400 milos of rabbit-proof fonoing along tho railway fonoo from Albury to Murrumburrah, thonce to Blayney, and thenoo to Narromine. ' Ma. Cot-eland estimates that this work will próvido employment for about 150 men for six months. To-iionnow night tlio Minister for Works and a Parliamentary party will loavo on a tour through a portion of tlio Western division of Uio colony. . Mr. Lyno intopds to make full inquirios concern- ing tho irrigation possibilities of a portion of tho country. TnE anniversary of tho Pitt-street Congrega- tional Church, as well as of tho pastorate of tho Itov. W. Scott, was connnomoratod yesterday. Two express trains carno into collision in Birmingham. Two pnssengers wero killed, and tho rolling-stock was sevoioly dainagod. With this issuo is published our fortnightly summary of news for Europo per R.M.S. Oruba The Small Holdings Bill has been passed by tho Houso of Commons, Loud BAxroun, of Burleigh, political socrotary to tho Board of Trado, states that rooiprooity and preferential trentmont with Canada would involvo the cancellation of England's treaty engagements, especially as to her relations with tho Imperial Zollvoreiu, which woro of greater value than any benefit that could bo derived from the pre- ferential trentmont of the Canadian Dominion. Sioson Gioletti, tho Italian Premior, has ten- dered to King Humbert the resignation of his Administration. Tho King has refused to accept tho resignation, and a dissolution ia ex- pected. On Thursday night a banquot was givon by tho Boyal Colonial Instituto to Sir Robert Herbert, lately Permanent TJnder-Seoretary to tho Colonial OfHco. In responding to tho toast of his health, Sir Robort Horbert exprossod his conviction that nome moans of securing Imperial fedoration on a sound fiscal basis could bo dovised. < Tnn TJnitod Stato« Sonato is likoly to pass Senator Stewart's Freo Coinago of Silver Bill. On Tuosday night the steamship Port Douglas, of tho Anglo-Australian lino, was wreckod at St. Vincent, oao of tho Capo do Vordo Islands. Tho passongors and orow wera Bnvod. ' The Judicial Committee of the Privy Counoil has dismissed the appoal in tho oaso of Ramsay v. Gilchrist. This suit .iroso out of the disputo re- specting land near Sydney dovisod to tho Presby- terian Church. On Saturday evening Mr. G. S. Campbell, manager of tlio Sydney branoh of tho Now Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, was ontortainod at a banquot given by tho Syduoy Wool-selling Brokers' Association at tho Aus- tralia Hotol. Mr. Campboll is leaving on a visit to Europe. The Intercolonial Eight-oar race was rowed on tlio Brisbano River on Saturday afternoon, and waa won by Victoria, Now South AVules being second, and Queensland third. On Saturday afternoon tho Primnto opened tho now mission olinroh at Holroyd in connection with St. John'B diocoso, Parramatta. On Saturday tho annual exhibition of tho Vio toriun Socioty of Artists was oponod to tho public. The schooner Beaglo, whioh was purchased in Melbourne in Juno last by Bloom and Douglas, who aro boliovcd to bo identical with Boll and Davis, has been sold at Callao in South America. On Saturday morning a fire oocurrod in a bodding fnotory in Collins-stroot, Surry Hills, ocoupiod by Mr. R. A. Andrews. Tho loss is estimated ut £700. Anotheb Eoropoan has mot his doath nt tho hands of tho natives of tho Solomon Islands, tho victim being Mr. Prank Nyburg or Neiburg, who for sovoral years has carried on a trading station in tho group. While assisting a friend who was unablo to release his hold of a broken cleotrio wiro in Mol botirno on Saturduy night, a man named Hubert Wolls accidentally completed the oircuit, and re- ceiving tho full foroo of tho current waa struck doad. On Saturday tho Customs receipts amounted to £3008. Towards this tho 10 per oont. ad valorem duty contributed £1272, and tho 15 por cout. £51. Somo of tlio oliiof figures of Mr. Gosouen's Budget woro published in our London telegram on the 13tli of last month. The roports of the spooch whioli havo been roooived within tho last fow days show that whilst there waa nothing in tlio Budget of startling interest, tho speech throw some curious and instructive sidelights upon questions connocted with tho conditions and the customs of the poople. Tho year 1891 was a year of depression, hut nevertheless the Treasury accounts showed at the close a surplus of £1,067,000, and, whilst the circumstances of tho times enforced the necessity for caution in framing the Estimates of revenue and expenditure for the coining year, tho result was to hold out the promise of a surplus of £224,000, or of £200,000 after allowing for the effect of a remission of certain patent oharges in the interest of tho poorer class of inventors. It is worthy of notice, in connection with this statement, how close on approximation to absoluto accuracy may bo attained, oven when dealing with the immonso sums and the com- plicated detail involved in a British budgot. Taking the expenditure, for in- stance, and putting together tho Estimates for tho last three years, which amounted to £26-1,000,000, the difference betwoeu the estimated and the actual outlay was only £137,000. ,As to tho-reoeipts, whioh' woro given for the last yonr only, they nmountod, to nearly 00«. millions, slunwug variations irom tho Estimntos at several points, hut remarkable close- ness at others. Thus tho Customs, esti- mated at £19,700,000, yielded an excess of £30,000, and the income tax, ostimatod nt £13,750,000, yielded £13,810,000. Tho Treasury calculations wero considerably v, ido of tho ninik in ono particular. Tho death duties yielded £080,000 moro than (ho estimate, a result attributed chiefly to the moi tality through influenza-a dis- turbing influonoo defying tlio most pono tintiug foresight. Thoio are tlu-co thingB in tho Budget, ¡is expounded by Mr. Goschen, which illustrate tho state of trado, tho position of spoculativo business, and the condition of diffcront classes of tho people Theso aro tho rocoipts from tho Customs and oxciso, the stamp duties, and tlio income tax. AVhilst the actual rocoipts from Oustoms approximated closoly to the esti- mate in tho oggrogato, several of tho itoms showod variation ns compared with the ostimntes and receipts" for previous yoars. Thó rooeipts from toa reached tho largo sum of £3,-34,000, nn incronso of £150,000 upon tho piovious yonr, indicating a iona fide incronso of 2} per cent, in tho consumption alter allow- ing for tho incronso of population. Put- ting toa and coifoo togothor, the average consumption per hoad in 18-11 wes 37 ounoes. In 1891 the averngo consump- tion was 100 ouncos. A similar compari- son in tho ease of spirits -tolls a difforont talo. Fifty years ago tlio consumption was sovon and a half pints per hoad. Now it is a little ovor eight pints, ßomo time ago the consumption of spirits of all kinds was increasing ; but in 1891, whilst thoro was on incronso in home spirits and brandy, thoro was a decrease in foreign spirits and wine, and also in boor. Tile increase took placo in England only. The consumption of tobacco oxhibits somo curious facts. During tho last thirty years thoro was only one in which the consumption of tobacco foil, and then slightly. The present nmouut of duty is uoarly ton millions, or almost £600,000 moro than tho highest amount renohod boforo tho duty was lowered, a. fow years ago. In 1891 tlio incroaso represented 2_-per cent, after allowing for tho increase of popula- tion. Tho stamp duties yi elded loss by £-170,000 than in tho provious year. This fnlling-off, however, was principally in connection with documents representing City business, such ns transactions on tho Stock Exchange, or relating to foroign se- curities, or to the promotion of companies. On bills of oxchnngo, representing ordinnry intornationnl business and home trado, thoro was a slight iucreaso. Tho estimate of incomo tax lind lookod forward to an incronso of half a million upon the provious yonr, lind the roceipts amounted to that and some £60,000 more. It is well understood that tho fluctu- ations in the receipts from Customs and exolso, by indicating the varying rate of consumption, offord a rough test of the comparativo prosperity of ino people. In times of prospoiity tho consumption rises ; when the highest i>oint has boen passed and a decline sots in, the consumption begins to fall. On comparing the results throughout a course of years, it is seen that this process takes placo under some- thing liko a settled rule. Mr. Gosoiien lins been making such an inquiry, and he has found that generally " wine and spirits are the first to fall, tobacco holds out longer thnn ßpirils, mid toa lias nover materially gono back." Wine, ho says, is tho ono nrtiolo which first begins to feel tho effects of comuiorcial depression. \Vino, how- ever, is the luxury consumed chiefly by the rich or tho well-to-do, and tho infer- ence is that thoso are the classes which first feel tho pressure of bad timos and tho necessity for retrenchment, and that this form of expenditure is tho first to bo cur tnilod. Alter that, if the prossure con- tinuos, it is passed on, and the wngo earning classes have to follow tho oxample sol. This is not, probably, the popular view of tho matter, but it sooms to bo the lesson taught by a broad review of tho facts ; and it cannot bo denied that with the 2)opulntion and tho rovenuo roturns of Groat Britain to supply tho field of research, the results of inquiry have a substantial basis to rest upon. "Wo .sometimes hoar that in Groat Britain the depression is steadily deopon ing, that trade, is continually being reduced, that wagos aro falling, that tho country is " going to tho dogs." Somotimos it is asserted, by way of change, that tho poor aro growing poorer and tho rioh riohor ovory day. This dis- mal fiction presents a sorry ai>pearnnoo by tho sido of Mr. Gosohen's facts and figuros. There is no proof of a general decline of wagos, or a general impoverish- ment oí tho wage-earners, in the increas- ing consumption of tho luxuries they particularly affeot. Tho indications point the opposite way. On tho othor hand, tho fnlling-off in' tho consumption ol' wino is significant of the f not that amongst tho outwardly moro prosperous classes tlio pinch of tho depression has actually beon felt. For some time past thoro have boon pronchors of tho ohoerful doctrine that no one is of much account who does not work with Itis hands in tho nctunl work of material production-in growing some- thing or making something. Thoso classes, it is snid, are the croators of the wealth of the community, the sources of its prosperity. This is a nattering doctrino for thoso whoso ears it is intondod to tickle ; but wo fear that it is not derived from a comprehensivo view of tho caso. It might apply to tho " noblo savage," but in a civilised community it is out of place. England is an agricultural country and a manufacturing country ; but Mr. Goschen produced some interesting figuros which went to show tho greater relative import- ance in the body politio of othor classos than tho producers, using the word in its common and restricted 6ense. The incomo tax roturns under schetlulo D disclose the fact that the profits of tho cotton industry, including spinning and weaving, aro loss than the aggrogato profits of tho medical profes- sion. Tho profits of the ooal mines aro oxcooded by thoso made by the legal pro- fession. - And taking in a group tho groat manufacturing and productivo industries, " including cotton, wool, silk, ready made clothing, motáis, and hard- ware of all kinds, ship- building, sugar-refining, tanning, chemicals, brow- ing, distilling, and so forth " their profits only amount to half tho pro- fits «¿Inch fall under tho head of dis- tribution and transport. This view of the situation, derived as it is from tlio hard and dry figures of tho income tax tables, illustrates in a remarkable dogroe the complexity of civilised lifo and tho inter- dependence of all classes in tho com- munity. It should also sorve ns a warn- ing to'tho simple people who droam of the "reconstruction" of bociety and talk in their dreams. Everything in tho courso of British politics goes to show that Parliament is on the eve of dissolution, and that within a vory short time, possibly a month, socioty will bo convulsed with one of tho most ox oitiug, if not momentous, political struggles of modorn times. It was stated, aud it soomod tho general opinion, that tho dis- solution would take placo towards tho end of Juno. But tho success of the Govern- ment in carrying tho second roading of the Local Government of Ireland Bill by a largo majority, npponrs to havo emboldonod a section of tho Consorvativo party to urgo tho Govorninont to proceed with that monsuro-which would necessi- tate the prolongation of the session ; whilo, on tho othor hand, tho Government seems to havo uccoptod the success in that division as a roasou for expediting an appeal to the country, accompaniod by tho moral iniluenco of the victory. Tho last sossion in auy Parliament, at homo ns in the colonies, usually legislates in tho light, or Under tho shadow, of coining events ; nnd tho ciuo of this important and much- voxod monsuro is only that of all pending legislation which procoods or is retarded, mainly if not solely, in ac-ordanco with, the bearing it may havo on tlie popular mind in view of the ap- proaching struggle) of partios. It is no lolleotiou on a Government in power that, in such circumstances, mensures should bo subordinated to the oxigen cios of party ; for, in tho nnturo of things it must bo so. Questions of far moro vital and enduring intorost than tho matter of such legislation uro involved in tho fall or continuanco in power of tho party in possession of tho reins of governmont ; whilo tho notion of an Opposition with a dissolution ponding is moulded on oxaotly tho samo lines. This groat inoasure, proposing to give an extension of local administiation to Ire- land, was itself framod, and held baok to the closing sossion, ns is gonorally under- stood, moro for ita moral ofl'oot on tho oloetions than from anj' ronl iutontiou of its immediate application. In this spirit it was mot in Parliament, being at once vohomontly donounced by the Homo Eulo party as an abor- tion, and viowed by tlio friends of the Government with sinking of heart as falling short, or going too far, to meot with general aocoptanoo. Moro reoently, howover, it appears to havo rocoivod tho unitod support of Conservativos as involving tho intoro3ts of the party, whilo Mr. Gladstone, speaking tho sentiments of tho othor sido, declares that if tlio Irish people accept it they aro not worthy of llomo Eulo. The wholo political wollan is thus ringing with the tocsin of war, and evidently but little value attaches to any action in Parliament except in so fnr as it forms part of tho tactics in the coming oompaign. Apart from tho great question which lias long boon looked to as the crucial ono in tho coining strugglo-that of Home Eldo for Ireland-not the least interesting phaso in tho present position is the Avay in which other questions aro boiug quiokonod by the approach of tho dissolution-questions that may play an important part in tho election. The labour party has been sounding tho posi- tion in order to find to whick of tho two political divisions it will give its support. As tho principle of that party, thoro as hero, is support only for concessions, the two groat leadors havo boon approached, but with losults that cannot bo regarded as very satisfactory to thoso who may havo anti- cipated a kind of political auction. In so far as Lord Salisbury is ooncoruod the position has been very cloarly laid down, being uncompromising in the last dogroo. Indeed the locturo which that stntosman took occasion to dolivor on tho demands submitted to him, moro paitiou larly on the question of eight hours'labour, was an illustration of political courage not always seen in shadow of the hustings. Ile thought it a innrvollous thing that thoy should think that wagos could lemain unaltered by tho shortening of tho labour day ; warned the working classes that thoy woro making a tremendous experiment whioh might rosult in driving industiy and trade from tho country, in whioh misfortune tho working dusses would themsolvos bo the principal sufferers ; while Mr. Balfour emphasised the opinion of his chief, in declaring that legislativo action in behnlf of labour was often quito as bad as strikes. That one of the principal chiofs of tho labour party should have expressed moio satisfaction with this omphatie repu- diation of olaims than the action of Mr. Gladstone, who sought to wnivo tho question by declining to rocoivo a deputation, might seem to indicato a probability that any notion taken to press the claims of labour in tho coming election will bo taken indojiondontly. Howevor, as Mr. Gladsione has since somowhat receded from tlio position as originally takon, and applied for further information as to tlio roquiromonts of the lnbour party, it is not impossible that that party may be lound after all onrollod under tho banner of Liberalism. In auy cahO, this as woll as some othor social questions of modern development, will bo found playing nu important, ovon if a subsidiary, part m tho ponding election. Some of tho uttorancos of Lord Salisbury, if a littlo contradictory, would almost suggest tho idea that something akin to a lenning to fiscnl altaiations mny be in resorvo, mid may possibly bo brought to the front. It is truo that not so long ago ho declared that an attempt lo rosort to protective taxation would involve a civil war. But a moro recent utterance of his, favouring a resort to retaliatory taxation against countries maintaining hostile tariffs against England, scorns a bid to the protectionist feeling which, though latent and raroly coniessed, is known to bo cherished by a not inconsiderable seotion of tlio Tory party. The quostions of woman suffrage, of temporáneo reform, and social subjects genorally, aro being quickened into vigor- ous activity by tho approach of tho general election. But all these subsidiary questions will be over- shadowed by tho ono groat subject of Home Eule, which is accopted hy com- mon consent as that by which parties will rise or fall. Tho divisions and intensity of bitterness that havo sprung up among the ranks* of the Irish party have invested with difficulties and doubts a question which a'yenror two ago seomed to ho only awaiting tho ofiluxion of tho life of Parliament , to bo sottlod in tho nffirmativo. It has boon tho un liappy fate of Ireland that it has boon itsolf alwayB torn by faction ; it has usually boon fatal to any party in Parliament that has essayed to solve its troubles ; but this time it f urnishos the principal eleinont in tho fiercest politioal strugglo in which tho poople of the British Islands have boen for somo time ongngod. Tho minuto of tho Minister for Lands on the voxed question of the temporary allocation of small portions of park lands for special purposes íb a reason- able and sound one. It is a whole- some sentiment on tho part of the publio I I that reserves for publio recreation oughtT to bo inviolable ; and overy borough . council or other authority that ' shows a zeal in the protection of such grounds for tho public is deserving of com- mendation. But because those groiïuda aro public, it does not thoreforo follow that thoy aro common, and to bo used by evoryono at his will ; for then oven ilowor bods and shrubberies would bo liable to bo trampled underfoot. In. tho " very naturo of things tho publio'' -must bo exoluded somotimos from part of,, tho publio ostato, if that estato, oven in ' tho form of a park, is to produco tho best and most varied results. A bowling-"' green may seem a quusi.privato institution, but tho public benefits by tho ' opportunity of witnessing tho contest, as the players do by joining in it. And lit is obvious that if such enji'y-v mont is to bo furnished in \ t\fo public parks, tho ground on which' the . game is playod must bo prepared and ? kept in order with as much caro and cost -and probably moro of both-than a flower-bed. li it woro a question of per- manent alienation, that 'is, a totally differoiit thing, Butwhorotho occupation is only temporary, on sufferance, and to bo removed at any time on roasonablo notice, this spoliation of the public is not, of n character to reasonably orouso tho angor of tho most bolligoront assertor of tho rights of man. Of courso, circum- stances altor cases j and if tho area of such park lauds is so limited that tho public ia seriously iuconvonioncod by the allocation., of a small portion for a special purposo, _ the question must bo judged on its merits. But subject .to such limitations, . and to tho condition that no such land is to be permanently alienated, tho principio ia a Bound ono' that oncouragomont should bo given to the promotion of manly sports, in as far as tho use of the publio parks can promoto thom.' And thoro is not the least doubt that, on, < tho lines laid down bj' Mr. Comilaxd,' the1 interests of tho publio aro ontiroly con.-, served. His Excollonoy tho Earl of Jorsoy and the Countess of Jorsoy, his ExeoUeucy ,tho Earl of Glasgow and tho Countess of Glasgow will bo4 present at the Eresh-air League Ball whioh takes ii place in tho Centennial Hall this evening. Lord and Lady Glasgow, with their family and Sir P. . Buokloy, will loavo Sydney by tho Now Zealand Govormuont stoamcr Hinemoa to-morrow after- noon for Wollingtou. On Eriday Lord Jersey will visit NowcasUe for tho purposo of laying tho fouudation-stouo of tho now Anglican cathedral. Tho samo ovening tho third ball of tho season .will tako plaoo at Government Houso. The Ministor for Works, aecompaniod by Messrs. J. Morgan, W. A. Murphy, A. J. Kolly, R. Booth, W. S. Dowel, and probably othor lnembora ' of tho Legislativo Assombly, will leave Sydney on. a tour through a portion of tho Western Division by to- morrow night's mail train. Tho party will travel by tram to Nevertire, thence by coaoh to Warron, ' wheio n stay will bo mndo bil Thursday afternoon, to enablo tho visitors to bo prosont at the annual Agricultural Socioty's show. It is' expooted that somo 30 miles of the journey bottveon Warren and Coonamble will bo eovorod by Thursday' night, and tho distunoo comploted on Eriday morning. Tho party ia timed to leavo Coon nmblo on Saturday for Gilgandra and start thenco in timo to roach Dubbo on Sunday after- noon to join the train reaching Sydney on tho' morning of this day week. It is probablo that Mr. Lyno will speak at Warren, Coonamble, and Gilgandra. Ho intonds to maka full inquirios whilo passing through this bolt of country into its irrigation possibilities. Ecr this purposo it is probablo that'Mr. M'Kiunoy, tho Enginoor-in-Chiof for Water Conservation, will be ono of tlio party. Mu. P. B. Suttor, the Aoting-Colonial Secre- tary and Minister for Publio Instruction,, will pay a visit to Temora tin's week. Mr. It. E^ O'Connor, Minister for Justice, after a month's' tour in Now Zealand and Tasmania, is expected to arrivoat Melbourno to-day, and ho will probably, return to Sydney about tho middle of this week. J, It has been announced several times of late that, in the near future, a party comprising a number of members of the Assembly will pay a visit of inspection to the distriot west of Cobar, which during the past season has been devastated by rabbits and drought. The Minister for Works suggested on Saturday that the proposod visit should bo delayed until the official opening of the branch railway from Nyngan, to Cobar. From inquiries made, Mr. Lyne has ascertained that this length of railway will be ready for public use by 1st July, and he purposes to officially declaro it open on that date. He is of opinion, therefore, that the visit of the Parlia- mentary party could be so timed as to include its presence at the railway opening festivities. Mr. Lyno at present pecs no reason why another length of new railway, that from Culcairn to Corowa, a distunoo of about -15 miles, should not bo opened on 1st August. If unforeseen doluys do not ooour this event will bo fixed for thut day. On Saturday the Minister for Works accepted tho tender of Mossrs. Chambers and Grocock for tho wood-blocking and wood-paving of Martin place. Tho specifications stato that tho work must bo completed within three months from date, and tho amount of tho contract price is slightly more than £2000. Tho Minislor has approved of tho footpaths being constructed in ponformity with tho iluoie-strcot alignment, honco both foot- ways in Mnrtin-placo will bo 18ft. -.wide, instoad of tlio varying widths originally proposed. The bases of tho four lamps now in courso of erection BÜghtly encroach on tlio footway nearest tho Post Office colonnodo ¡ but a curvo in tho korb ing will bo cut lo admit tlio bases of the podostals. An ornamental chain fouco is also to bo placed ¡ironud tho pedestals na a means of'protection against vehicular trailio aud othor Bources of injury. . i Tun Miuistor for Lands is calling tenders for tho erection of 400 milos of rabbit-proof fonoing. His original intention was to ro-not the railway fence fiom Albury to Junco, and thou continue across eouutry, keeping to tho lino boundary from Junco to Narrowmine, and thoro join to tho fence which oxteuds along tho railway from Nurrowmino to Bourke. In working out this proposal, however, tho Minister disoovoiod that ho would havo to oroct moro than 110 milos of now fonoing botweon Junoe and Narrowmine, and ns this distriot boforo long will bo thrown open for selection, any fenco oiocted just now could not bo regarded as a per- manent precaution against tho spread of the rabbit- pest. Mr. Copoland lias finally decided to mako uso of the railway fonoo tho wholo distanno from Albury to Murrumburrah, from Murrumburrah to Blayney, and from Blaynoy to Narrowmine This chango will menu about 00 additional miles of wiro notting, but having no posts and rails to ereot, because of utilising tho railway boundary fenco for tho total distnnco, tho rabbit-proof foucing of this pieco of country can bo eileotod for about £3000 less than tho estimated cost of the original proposal. Arrangements aro being made with tho Railway Commissioners for the Ubo of thoir boundary posts and roilB, and it is probablo that lino fettlors will act as fenoa repairers as is dono on tho longth between Narrow- mine and Bourke Tenders now invited aro for supplies of wiro notting, ljin. mesh 42in. high, whioh will admit of a 3ft. fenco abovo ground and Gin. below the surface as a check against burrow- ing. This netting must bo supplied in quantities not smallor than 50 miles per month In tho course of two or threo weeks Mr. Copoland intends to oull for tendors for tho necessary labour to affix the netting to tho railway fouoes. This work is to bo divided into seven or eight contracts of frorn 60 to 00 milos eaoh in the hope of com- pleting tho 400 miles of fenoing within about six months. The Minister ostiuiatcB that employment will bo found for about 160 men during the period namod. On Eriday a representativo deputation of millara from tho Wcstorn district« of tho colony inter- viewed Mr. Folión, ouo of tho Railway Commis- sioners, in rotoioiieo to iho differential railway retes chargoil inr ilie caniago of flour and other products. .After hearing argument Mr. Fehon, in a reply which is published elsewhere, s.iid tho Western millers appeared to labour nnder a disad- vantage, and thoir representations should be brought under the notice of bia oolloaguos in tho hopo of making ¿"satisfactory revision of tlio rail- way ratos., , " 'Mu. M'Kijwby, ongineor-in-ohiof for water conservation, has .returned from his offloiul visit to Wontworth, wliithor ho was despatched with Ministerial instructions to mako full investigation into tho working of tho Irrigation Trust. In tho Enabling Act, for tho formation of this trust, provision wau mado for conferring administrativo powers upon tho municipal connell. Difficulties arose in putting tho Aot into operation, and Mr. M'ICinney was re- quested to suggest some satisfactory- modo of scttlomcnt. Ho has, aftor full inquiry, arrived at certain conclusions whioli will ho embodied in a report that is to bo submitted to tho Minister for Fublio Works in tho eonrso of a fow days. Owing to tho transfer of tho Water Conervation Brauch from tho Mines to tho Works Department, sovrol loports on unfinished inquiries . hnvo had to bo oomplotod, nnd this has oansod delay in tlio preparation of tho report on tho Wentworth In"~ition Trust. In tho courso of hisjournoy, thcV3ngineer-in-Chiof paid a visit to Messrs. Chotfoy Brothers' sotüemont at Mildura, his object being to nscortaU^whnt progress bad boen mado with tho irrigation works. Mr. M'Kinnoy was surpriaod at tho amount of irriga- tion accomplished, and tho results obtained. This is the firut yoar that fruit-growing has boon suflioiontly produutivo to onnblo export oporationn. Largo consignments of dried fruits, principally1 rasins and apricots, havo boon sont from Mildura to M'elbourno mid Groat Britain. In nil, about 20 tons of dried rasins wero forwarded to tho Molbourno markot. Tho sottlers on tho lund aro sanguino concerning tho future. A company has started wino making. Mr. M'Kiuney intonds to preparo an exhaustive report on his visit,to Mildura,. Mit. Hickson, tho Enginrcr-in-Chiof for Roads and Bridges, lust woek oomplotod an inspootion of tho bridgo which spans tho river Murray between Corowa and Wahgunyah on tho Victorian Rido. On Saturday ho roported to tho Minister for Works Uinfc this etruoturo was i_ such an unsatisfaotory condition that ho was compolled to braco it toge- ther with wiro ropos to restriot tho woight of loads carried, and to issuo an order to worn teamsters not to cross tho bridgo at _ greater spood than walking pnoo. Theso precautions, Mr. Hickson states," aro necessary for "io public safety, as any unusual strain might result in a total oollapso of tho structure. This bridgo lins boon in oxistonco for about 30 years. Somo Umo ago tho erection of a now iron bridgo was begun, its width being the samo as tho old ono and equal to that of others nt various crossing- places over tho Murray. On account of tho groat and growing trafilo at this particular point, tho residents urged, aftor the plans had been prepared and the work of construc- tion had commoneod, that tho now bridgo should bo inoreascd in width. Tho Viotorinn Govern- ment wa« requested ' to join in bearing tho addi- tional cost, and tho Ministor is now awaiting an official reply to tho roquost. Mr. Lyne is of opinion that tho Victorian Government will join in tho oxpondituro of doubling tho width of tho bridgo. Another unfortuuato circumstance in comiootion with this public work waa tho wreck of the vosaol aboard which was tho lightor ironwork- for tho rails and docking of tho bridgo. Tho cylinders for tho etruoturo as originally dosignod aro already down but tho loss of tho other material at sea necessi- tated tho cessation of operations for somo six months. Advices havo boon rocoived stating that a second sot of ironwork will roaoh Sydney from England about tho 15th instant. Ko timo is to bo lost in proceeding with tho work, as thore will bo no difftoulty in doubling tho width of tho bridgo after the first part has beou oroctod. The P. and 0. Company's R.M.S. Oriental, in command of Captain Moule, arrivod from London on Saturday forenoon, after a quiok and pleasant passage The mails wero landed four days in advanco of contract dato. Upon arrival tho Oriontal mado fast to tho company's buoy in Neutral Bay, ponding tho departure from the wharf. to-day of tho R.M.S. Massilia. Tho Oriental wa» built for the company's East Indian Uno, and sho holds tho record between Bombay and London. It is tho intention of tho company to roplaoe her upon that liuo after she lum complotcd hor present round trip to Australia. Tho Oriental loft London on 11th April, and it is mentioned in tho report of her voyage that on tho night of tho 18th May, when nenring Capo Lcuwin, tlio Aurora Australis was been, a bright object in tho Southorn sky. Its groat brillianoy from tho horizon, reaching far towards tho zenith, ut once rendered it an objeot of peculiar grandeur. The ordinary quietness of tlio Government Gardens at Rookwood was disturbed on Saturday, wilta ovor 70 studonts of tlio agricultural olassos of tho Technical Collogo, assombled thoro for the first field lesson of tho season in fruit- treo pruning. Thoro wero several ladies with tho »Mirty, and mauy of tho mon of former sessions, 'who uro now working their own plnoes, had como long distances in order to welcome thoir instructor, Mr. Maokay, after a long absonco duo to ill-hoath. Tho gardons woro found to ho in oxcollent order. Although it is rather early in the season for tho regular work of pruning, Mr. San- derson, the gardonor in ohnrgo, had mado ovory preparation in ordor to mako tho visit of the students profitable and pleasant. Ho had com- menced operatiois with nootnrinos and peaches, and no timo was lost beforo getting nt tho ronson why for treating fruit-trees with tho kuifo in ordor to got tho host results in tlio fruiting. A promising soodling poaoh, originated near Sydnoy, and named Lord Carrington, W113 treated wit others of tho stone fruii tribes. It is also protty and uniquo in folingo. Tho vinoynrd section of the grounds had next attention, and pruning was commenced thoro with sovoral Amorican sorts, «ohio of whioh havo proven, so far, proof against tho attacks of phylloxera iu infeoted distriots, and aro held in high esteem by Mr. Sandorson. Ox Saturday morning, in tho Divoroo Court, hoforo his Honor tho Chief Justioo (Sir Fredoriok Darloy), tho caso of Miohol v. Michel, in whioh tho wife, Mario Elizabeth. Miohol, wus tho pofci tiorior, was called on in ordor that the vordiot of tho jury might bo rooeivod. Tho jurors rotired at about 3 o'olook on Friday afternoon, but woro unablo to agroo at about 9 o'clock the samo ovon ing, and woro consequently lockod np for tho night. On boing called into oourt on Sntm-day morning tho foreman stated that the jurors woro still unablo to agroo on their vordiot, and that thoro waB no chanco, of thoir ngrooing. His Honor oxpressod regret that tho trial had provod abortivo, and tho jurors woro disohargod, an appli- cation for nn increased allowance to tho jury-tho trial having lasted 12 days-boing dcolinod by his Honor. The oloction to fill tho extraordinary vacancy in tho representation of Kingston Ward in tho Newtown Borough Council took place on Satur- day, tho candidates boing Mr. C. J. Lano and Mr. Thomas Midelton. About a quarter to 0 o'clock tho returning ofBcor, tho , Mayor (Alderman Brigg), doolnred tho poll to he-Lano 147, and Midolton 121. Mr. Lane and Mr. Midolton thon addressed tho mooting. Tho ofHoial declaration will bo mado to-day. A iruRDBit at the Solomon Islands is not a re- markable occurrence, but comparativo immunity from bloodahod has for somo timo been enjoyod by tho white traders in that group. News was ro- coived hero yesterday, however, that nnothor European has mot his death at tho hands of tho natives. Tho nocounts of tho tragedy differ in ninny of tlio oiroumstancoa und details, but all agroo that tho victim, Frank Nyburg or Noiburg, waa found at Santa Anna doad, and with fivo Bpenr-wounds through his body. It was not a hoad-hnnting oxpedition, for tho body of Nyburg was found intnot, with the oxooption of tho wounds. The unfortunate man has for sevoral years oavriod on a trading station in tho group. Ho was thoroughly well acquainted with the various tribes, with whom ho transacted a considerable trado. The news of his death will como as a shock to many of his Sydney friends, moto par- ticularly so on account of his having quite re- cently spent somo timo in Sydnoy. Ho retuniod to his station by the brigautino Marshall S. on her last trip from Sydney, and was driving a bargain with tho nntives when his life was forfoitod. From the native accounts which havo roaohod tho neighbouring islands, and have como on hore by tho schooner Hally Bayloy, it seems that a quarrel onsucd between Ñyburg and his dusky customers. High words weio used, and a nativo prosont at the timo was, it is allogod, shot dead, whether by the white trader or someone olso is not clear. At all events, five spears wero in4antly drivon through tho trader's body, and tho natives, having thus disposed of him, pro- ceeded to loot tho premises of anything valuable in tho way of trade. Thoro was a protty largo stock on hand at tho time, so that they made a good haul, and beforo leaving tho scono thoy sot fire to the store and dwolling. Nyburg's body was found by another white trador, who miw the romains decently buried and thou reported tho murder to other traders. Partioulurs wero also forwarded to ' tho Naval Commnndor-in-Chiof, Lord diaries Soott, and nno of tho warships will no doubt inves- tigate tho affair. On Saturday afternoon Mr. H.Taylor, M.L.A., accompanied by his two daughters and other ladios, paid a visit to tho Nowinpton Asylum. Mr. Taylor also took with him Claughton'« String Band. Tho various wards woro visited and tho band played soleotions, inuoh to the dolight of tho patients. The extraordinary vaonnoy in the Rookdalo municipality for tlio Scarborough Ward, caused by the retirement of Mr. A. G. Carruthers, has boon filled by tho unopposed election of Mr. Richard Atkinson Price. A row was taken on Saturday last for an alder- man to fill tho vacancy in tho Bexloy Ward of tho municipality of Hurstville, caused by tho dis- qualification of Mr. William Thomas Verrindor. Tho result of tho polling was- Mr. T. G. Smith- son, 173 ; Mr. Josoph W. Bibby, 95 ; majority for Mr. T. G. Smithson, 78. The wot weathor waa dooidedly unfavourable to eoncort going on Saturday, and tho attendance at tho oity organist's recital waa on that acoount, smallor than it ha« boen for somo time pint. Tho programme, whioh consisted largely of familiar pieces, inoluded an improssivo fantasia upon "Roberto," which was all tho moro wolcoine from the faot that Moyerboor's groat opera is quite unknown to tha Sydnoy stage of lator years. A charming serenado in tho Spanish stylo (Lofo buro-Woly) and Mondolssohn's splondid maroh from "Athalio" wera also performed, a» well as two original pieces by Mr. Wiogand. Theso wero well contrasted in chnraotor, the first being a " Military Maroh," played with much spirit, and tho second a tender "Berceuse," in whioli tho softer stop» prevailed. An offertory by Batisto and a "Romaneo in E " (Beothovcn) oomplotod tho programmo. A onoWDED nudienco assomblod in tho Sohool of Arts on Saturday night to witness tho perform- ance of tho Vaudovillo Minstrel and Specialty Company which now consist« of 26 artistes. Mr. Alf. M. Hazelwood as tho interloontor, nnd the oornormou, Mossrs. Wnllaoo, M'Kis non, Cowan, and Kearns, caused much merri mont. Tho Sisters Sherwood proved a« popular as ovor in their skirt dancing, and Messrs. M'Kisson and Kearns again exhibited thoirskill in norobatio feats. Tho Swift Brothers mudo their first appoaraneo hero in clog- dancing and othor specialties, and won tho approval of tho house. Miss Emmio Morrison's aerio-oomio songs and gracoful dances woro woll received, and onoores woro insisted upon. Miss Iaaboi Stuart was suc- cessful both in opcratio singing and in the manipulation of tho banjo. The mombers of tho Godayou Tokio Japanoso Troupo went through several clover feats. Mosers. Martini and Eranais showod considorablo skill on tho horizontal bar, and Mr. John Cowan's faroo entitled " Tho Siamoso Twins " was woll recoivod. Tho performunoo was brought to a conclusion by tho production of "Tho Aurora," a farco con- taining many humorous sayings, and introducing a numbor of comical situations. Tho samo pro- gramme will bo prodncod nightly during this week. . The Rickards English Comody Company played to a largo audience in the Garrick Theatre on Saturday ovoning, when au ontiro ohango of programmo was prosontod. Mr. Harry Rickards was encored for his song "ThoBridgo at Mid- night" and "Never introduce your Donah to n Pal," and Mísb Katio Rickards and Mr. Harry Rickards won tho approval of the ontiru nurlionoe by thoir pleasing rendering of tho popular London song, " Ta-ra-ra-boom-de-ay." Miss Annio Edney artistically contributed tho nong "Lovo is a dream," and Mr. Robert Bolder created considerable amusement by his woll-rendered comio song " I did it, but novcr again," and a parody on " Sailing." A dramatio sketch entitled "Eaint Heart andEair Lady," by Miss Lilla Wildo and Mr. Albert Lucas was hoartily applaudod. Mossrs. Bcattio and Bentloy presented a oomio skotch entitled "Tho Rivals," which was well reooivod. Miss Katio Rickards very successfully contributed "What West," and Miss Leila Rozo was ap- plaudod for her song nnd danoo specialties, and for her tyrolean song, " Mountain Daisy and Hornpipe." Miss Lillian Stanbridge contributed " Break and Bracken," and tho ontertainmont oonoludod with tho sketch " Africa v. Ireland," in whioh Messrs. Mauriao Bentloy, Walter Beattie, Robert Bolder, and Albert Lucas took part. The same programmo will bo presented nightly during this week, and on Eriday a complimentary benefit will bo given to Mr. Harry Rickards. TliEnE was a largo attendance of skaters in tho Darlinghurst Skating Rink on Saturday night. The floor was in excellent condition, and skating was kopt up merrily during the evening, while the rink band discoursed suitable muslo. To-morrow night tho Rinking Club will inaugurate its forma- tion by holding a ladies' ovening. The United Eanolers' Club of Now South Wales held its sixth monthly show in tho club rooms, Liverpool-street, on Satur- day evening. Tlio results of tho airards woro :-Malay pullet : J. R. and H. A. Richardson, 1st and 2nd. British black-rod cookorel : A. Shaw, 1st ; J. R. and H. A. Richardson, 2nd aud 3rd ; A. Ross, v. h. e. British black-rod pullet (a strong case of 16 ex- hibits) : Shepherd and Compton, 1st and v. h. e. ; W. Campbell and Miller, 2nd ; A. Shaw, 3rd nnd h. o. British brown-rod cockerel : Campboll and Millor, 1st ; and Shepherd and Compton, 2nd. Pullets : Campboll and Miller, 1st ; Shepherd and Compton, 2nd. Duokwing cookorel : 0. W. Pat- tison, 1st ; J. R. and Ii. A. Riohardson, 2nd and v. Jj. o. Pullots : C. W. Pattison, 1st ; Shepherd and Compton, 2nd ; aud Campbell and Miller, v. h. o. Pile cookerei : Shepherd and Compton, 1st and v. h. o ; aud Campboll and Millor, 2nd. Pullet : Campboll and Millor, 1st ; 0. W. Pat- tison, 2nd. The Primato visited Parramatta on Saturday afternoon for tho purposo of opening a new mission churoh in oonneotion with St. Johu's district, at Holroyd. Tho Bishop was aooom paniod by Arohdoacon Gunther, tho Rev. Dr. Harris, and a number of lady parishioners to the site of tho now ohuroh, which is two milos distant from Parramatta, in the municipality of Prospoot and Shorwood. The visitors woro received by tho Rovs. 'Eiolding, Vaughan, and O'Con- nor, and the members of tho committee. ThoPrimato road tlioconROorationsorvico, and Arch- deacon Gunther, assisted by Dr. Harris and tho Rovs. Eiolding and Vaughan, conduotod ovoning sorvioo. Tho Primato then delivered a short address. A oollootion was afterwards mado, whon tho sum of £9 1 Os 3d was realised. Mr. Arthur Massoy prosidod at tho organ, and soveral mombers of St. John's Choir assisted in the musical portion of tho servioe. Tho Bishop promised a donation towards tho building fund, nnd virtually the ohuroh is oponod free from debt. Tho mission will bo sorvod from St. John's at present. The anniversary commemoration services in connection willi the Contrai Mothodist Mission, whioh havo boen in progress during tho past weok at tho.Coutonary Hall, woro brought to a olose yesterday. In tho morning at 11 o'olook the sorvioo was condnoted by tho Rov. P. J. Stephen, who preached a speoial sermon from tho text, Acts I., 8, "Yo shall ro oeivo power after that tho Holy Ghost is como upon you, and yo shall be witnesses unto mo." There was a largo attendance. In tho afternoon a young people's meeting was held, tho hall being, again full. The ohildron from Princes-street, Pyrmont, and Hay- street Sunday sohools woro present to the numbor of about 250\. A numbor of South Son Island nativo teachers and thoir wives and children wore also in attendance. Addressos wero delivored by the native teachers, tho Revs. George Brown, J. E. Moulton, E. E. Crosby, and R. II. Rickard interpreting, nnd also themselves giving addresses. At the ovoning servioe tho hall was crowded. Owing to the in- disposition of the Rov. W. G. Taylor tho Rov. R. II. Rioknid, missionary from Now Britain, oiliciatod. Ho preached from tho text John v., 39, " Search the Soriptures ; for in them yo think yo havo eternal life ; and thoy aro thoy whioh testify of mo." The nativo teaohers ara oxpeotod to leavo for tho islands on Wednesday noxt. The second anniversary services of the Balmain Central Wosloyan Mission wero conductod yester- day in tho Balmain Town Hull before largo con- gregations. In the morning the preacher was tho Rov. W. G. Taylor. Tho afternoon service consisted of a temporáneo demonstration, when tho spacious hall was filjßd. The Rev. B. J. Meek, of Balmain East Wosloyan Churoh, pro sided, mid on tho platform woro tho Rev. Dr. Rosoby, Mr. G. D. Clark, M.L.A. for Balmain, tho Rov. Bonnott Andorson, tho Rov. P. J. Stcplion, and a numbor of prominent gentlomen roprosonting tho various temporáneo organisations of tho district. The largo ohoir connected with tho Balmain Central Mission, numboring 40 members, rendered sevoral anthems and hymns ' during tho scrvico. Tho choir wns led by Mr. E. Lano and nccompanied by an orohcstra. Tho Rev. Dr. Roseby gavo a description of his recont visit to Europe and of his experiences in connection with tho liquor traffic, stating his belief that a lifo of total abstinoneo ivas by fur tho beßt both for man and woman. Ho also said he was ploased to note tlio growing largeness 'of tlio religion of Joshs Christ among tho Christian churohos. Pnrtionlar strosB was laid on larrikinism and gambling, which in n great moasuro woro assisted by tlio drink traffic. Mr. G. D. Clark, M.L.A., and the Rev. Bonuntt Anderson followed with addresses. A collection was milde on behalf of tho now largo Central Mission Hall, whioh is to bo built shortly on the sito of tlio present Mission nail. Already tho sum of £600 in cash has boen obtained for this purpose, and tlio plans havo been approved, so that shortly tho building will be started, whioh when finished will bo tho largest of its kind outside of Sydnoy. In tho ovoning the Rev. J. E. Moulton, of Tonga, delivered a most impressive dis cour>.o. On Saturday ovoning Mr. Eugene Stook and the Rov. R. W. Stewart, tho dologates from tho Church Missionary Society in England, who oro at prosont on a visit to Australia, attended tho Satnr dsy ovoning prayor mooting in St. Peter's, Wool- loomooloo, and dolivored short addresses. There waa a largo attendance Yesterday morning Mr. Stook proaohod in St. Philip's Chnroh, and in tho afternoon spoko at tho ohildron's sorvico in tho samo church. Thoro wero largo congregations on each occasion. ' Tiru anniversary of Pitt-stroot Congrogntional Churoh, as well as of tho pastorate of the Rov. W. Scott in oonneotion with it, was oommemo rated yosterday. In tho morning tho rev. gentlo mnn delivered un address, in which ho defined tho polioy whioh had influonced him in his. ministra- tions, nud touohed upon spiritual and material considerations affecting tlio welfare of a church. The wookly mooting of tho oommitteo of tho Labour Homo wa« hold on Friday afternoon at 655, narriB-streot, Ultimo. Tho Rov. .T. Chaffers Welsh presided, and thoro wero prosentthoRov.W. II. Dillon, Mr. W. H. Dibloy, tho manager (Mr. Ed. Groathor), and the hon. secretary, Mr. 0. J. K. Uhr. Tho chairman roportod that during the week ondod 21st May the numbor of meals sorvod wa« 657 ! numbor of bods occupied, 218 ¡ employ- ment found for 1, and temporary omploymont for i ; sent to hospital, 1 ; ' now remaining, 32\. Tho wookly report was received from tho superintendent of tho labour farm. Numbor of meals sorvod during tho week, 336 ; number of bods oooupiod, 112. A bakouet to Mr. G. S. Campbell, manager of the Sydnoy Branch of the Now Zealand Loan and Morcantilo Agency Company, Limited, was given by tho Sydnoy Wool-selling Brokers' Association, in tho Australia Hotel, on Saturday ovoning, tho gathering having boen organised as a compli- ment to Mr. Campbell, who ia leaving this city on a visit to Europe. Representatives of tho follow- ing companies wero present :-Australasinn Mort- gage and Agonoy Company, Limited, John Bridgo and Co., Dalgety and Co., Limited, Goldsbrough, Mortana Co., Limited, Harrison, Jones and Dev- lin, Limited, Hill, Clark, and Co., J. H. Goddes and Co. (Tho Pastoral Finnnoo Association, Limited), Tho N. Z. Morcantilo Loan and Agonoy Company, Limited, Wiuchcombo, Carson, and Co. The ohair was occupied by Mr. Joseph Abbott, M.L.A., and tho vioo-ohair by Mr. Richard Jones, junior. After dinner the chair- man proposed tho toast of "Our Guest." Mr. Abbott convoyed to tho guest the kindly regards of tho Woolbrokers' Association, and expressed tho hopo that tho trip ho was about to toko would bo fruitful of good results in tho direction of giving him improvod health, and that on tlio con- clusion of his holiday ho would return and renew tho friondly relations whioh had subsisted botweon thom for such a lone period. The toast was re- ceived with the utmost cordiality, and Mr. Camp- bell responded in suitablo terms. Mr. Fred. Walsh has sent us a correspondence botweon himself and a recent correspondent of ours on tho question of our patent laws. Touohing tho quostiou iteelf Mr. Walsh \rates as follows : "As -ono who has the mostextensive experionoo of theso mattera in the colony will you allow mo just a word or two. I wish to say that the only oouso of complaint that inventors in Australasia have at tlio present timo arises from tho faot that thoy cannot obtain a federal patent instead of having to apply for a patent for oaoh respectivo colony, and so multiplying the cost. It has been charged that tho Aot at prosont in forco is rough and slovenly ; this is an unwarranted oharge, and will not bo borno out by anyouo with oxperienco. So far as our Now South Walos Aot goos it is torso, to tho point, and satisfactory in aó__inistra tion." Tn_ monthly mooting of tho Auiranla Protec- tion Society was hold on Wednesday last. Thoro woro present-Messrs. P. N. Trobock, J.P. (chairman), W. Beaumont, W. T. Wright, B. Cooks, J. Sidney (secretary), and 0. Wobber (inspeotor). A report of tho society's work was submitted, showing that 10 persons had boon proseoutod for tho following off on ces :-Working lame and deoropit howes, 5 ; working horses suf- fering from wounds, 5. Cautions issued, -11 ; complaint« investigated, 0. Attention was drawn to tho unsatisfactory condition of the socioty's funds, the subscriptions boing inadequate to moot expenses. Early on Saturday morning a bakohouae, at tho roar of 180 Cro^vn-streot, ocoupied by Mr. Percival M'Noalo, was dostroyed by fire. An alarm was given by u milkman through tho firo alarm box at tho oornor of College and Livorpool streets. A steamer with a complement of mon turned out from tho hoad station, and in -bout a quarter of an hour the outbreak was got under. Mr. Benjamin Mark», of Pitt-streot, ia tho ownor of tho building. Tho contente wero not insured. Somo hot ashes which woro loft on tho floor of tho bakehouse aro supposod to havo causod tho firo. About a quarter-past 9 o'olook on Saturday morning a firo broke out in u bedding faotory, 40 Collins-streot, Surry Hills, occupied by Mr. R. A. Andrews, and boforo tho fiamos woro extin- guished the oontonts of the building woro totally destroyed ; and tho woodwork, snob as partitions, joists, and rafters suffered considerablo damage. Altogether tho loss is estimated at £700. Tho outbreak was discovered on tho first floor by a boy, who gavo tho alarm. Only a few minutos elapsed boforo Mr. Andrews, who was in his office on the first floor, was apprised of what had taken placo, but hy this timo the firs had obtained a fair hold on tho building, and rendered his escapo by way of the stairs impossible. With little delay a ladder was proourod and was placed againstthe wall directly under the office window, and in this way Mr. Andrews managod to mako his escape from tho burning building. Moan while one of tho faotory employoos had given tho alarm to tho Metropolitan Fire Brigade through an ' ' oxehango ' ' telephone at Wilson's steam laundry, Crown-stroot. An engine, with tho onginoors and mon, togothorwith a salvago van and small laddors, nndor Mr. Principal Foreman Wobb, proceeded to tho firo; and an engine and mon from No. 2 station and tho Paddington Brewery and Standard Brewery Volunteer Companies woro turned out. On tho arrival of the brigade tho building was woll alight, both floors wero a mass of fiamos, and thick smoko was issuing frcoly from all tho windows. A steamer was eoon got to work and two linos of hoso wero run out from her, and through theso water wns poured on the flames from tho front of tho promises, whilo tho Paddington Brewery attacked tho outbreak from tho ronr with, a stream of water from the hydrant. So donso waa tho smoko that for fully half an hour tho fireinon found it impossible to enter tho building. Once, howover, tho air inside bceamo at all freo from danger, hoso was taken into the faotory, enabling tho mon to play tho water moro directly on tho seat of tho fire. In nn hour from receiving tho oall tho firo was quite undor control, and in another hour it was thoroughly extinguished. Tho pressure of water was very indifferent. Tho offioial report is as follows :-Faotory, of two floors, built of brick, with iron roof, about 35ft. by 70ft., and contents consisting of fibre, kapok, and bedding material -, nonrly burnt out. Tho contents were insured in tho Imperial for £150, and in tho Cornwall for £150. Mr. Sydnoy Burdokin is tho owner of tho building, which is insured in tho British and Colonial Company for £600. It is supposed that tho firo originated by a spark dropping from a lighted oigar on a quantity of kapok. A man named Richard Jones, 35, living in Walker-street, North Shore, was returning to work on Saturday at North Shore when a fuse leading to a blast by some means becumo alight, andnn oxplosion followod. Jones was knookod down, and wan sovoroly burnod about tho face and arms. Ho was takon to tho Sydnoy Hospital, whore ho waa admitted for troatmont. Mn. J. II. CABBUTinsns will leotur« in the Ashflold Hall this eveuing on Industrial Evolution. 