THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. Towards the close of the year our pigeons are all homing. Ill-natured people would compare some of them with more rapacious members of the feathered tribe, but that is neither here nor there. Nothing but the fact that one mail steamer is not large enough to contain two such imposing personalities at once as those of the Agent-General and the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works prevented Mr. Munro and Mr. Fitz- gibbon from bursting simultaneously upon an overpowered community. Mr. Munro selected the Ballaarat, a P. and O. steamship, and, as Mr. Fitzgibbon made up his mind not to be in the same boat as the nominee of the Government which had spoilt his little loan for him, he naturally chose the Oruba, one of the Orient Company's fleet. Mr. Munro's arrival was seized upon as an opportunity for making a demonstration, and in an excess of zeal Ministers ventured on board a small but very active launch to meet him. The Minister of Customs was, of course, the host, and his guests, who gradually developed the weird tints of so many Grosvenor Gallery portraits, pretended that they liked it. "We'll go down in the Lady Loch," said Mr. Turner confidently, "and land him in triumph our- selves." But the Lady Loch, not having steam up, entered a mute but effective protest to this arrangement, and the Cabinet was com- pelled to satisfy its disappointed ambition and placate its sinking stomach with the ship's biscuit which was found on board. The Minister of Education, with a re- sourcefulness remarkable in so young a politician, discovered Captain Livingstone's dinner waiting in the saloon, and with great presence of mind ate it, but the Premier and the Ministers of Mines and Agriculture had to be content with the duff which was being got ready for the crew. Fortified by these weighty consolations, they endured another trip out to the incoming mail steamer, and had just strength enough left to raise the ghost of a melancholy cheer as Mr. Munro, wiping the midday soup from his beard, emerged upon the deck and hailed them with the frank joviality of a holiday-maker who has nothing at all to trouble him. One cannot help admiring Mr. Munro's happy disposition. With a cabin full pf reports and balance sheets and annotated sections of the Crimes Act, he had gleefully accepted the office of chairman of the amusement committee on board the Ballaarat, and doubtless led the revels at the fancy ball. I am not in a posi- tion to say what "character" he adopted on that occasion, but, of any rate, it should have been a rehabilitated one. A hint has reached me, however, that he sewed himself all over with high-priced scrip and went as the Real Estate Bank. It will be noticed that both the dis- tinguished arrivals of the week, Mr. Munro and Mr. Fitzgibbon, have walked ashore in dignified silence. The customary interview, which Australians have come to look for as a matter of course, has been absolutely wanting. But in the case of Mr. Munro the omission was partially supplied by a few curt but pregnant sentences. In Adelaide the hon. gentleman baffled the curiosity of questioners by remarking that he was prac- tically upon a holiday trip, and was enjoying it. At Port Melbourne he administered a friendly but well-meant slap in the face to the Australian continent at large. After fencing awhile with his in- terrogators the Agent-General is stated to have faced round with pardonable asperity, and given the information sought. "If you want to know," he said, "what they think of the colonies in London, I will tell you. They think them a pest of thieves." With that wholesome rebuke, Mr. Munro gathered his traps together and started for a selection in the country, determined to eat his Christmas dinner at a spot as far removed as possible from the vitiated financial at- mosphere of Melbourne. In one respect at least it will be seen Mr. Munro's return will be immediately beneficial to the country. He is prepared to "gie us a sight o' guid advice" quite cheap, which is probably the very thing we want at this critical juncture. To do good, however, it must be given frankly, which requirement Mr. Munro is quite able to fulfil. It should also be given by one whose ex- perience fully qualifies him to tender it, and here again our Agent-General will "fill the bill." Deep similes athwart the sunny sand, Affliction's waters lave it. In quivering darkness lies the land, And prays for what is not at hand, The one wise man to save it. But, lo! before all hope has sunk, He comes like sage in story; Emerges from his cabin bunk, With "Agent-General" on his trunk, And beard profuse and hoary. Slowly from out his matted head The ocean brine he weeded. "I spied far off," he sadly said, "The mess to which you folks were led, And saw advice was needed." But how to send it o'er the sea? 'Twere vain with shouts to bawl it, And so I begged on bended knee The Government to set me free, A pleasure trip I call it. Quitting the city's busy hum On bilious billows rocking, Braving the smell of tar and rum, O'er many a watery league I've come, To say I think you shocking. Worse than the tales which scandal weaves To spread in rankest rumours, Blacker than stock exchange conceives. Out! out upon you! nest of thieves! Vile den of bums and boomers. Be warned against untempered zeal, Put off false paints and pigments; Don't place your trust for woe or weal In either bonus banks or real Estates that prove but figments. The narrow path is steep and rough, Yet that way lies perfection, Inflation, like a pinch of snuff, First cheers then brings dejection. What's that? You think I've preached enough? Perhaps, perhaps, well, quantum suf., I'm off to my selection. "And when once that smell has got into a man's blood he will forsake all else and return thither at the lust." The words of the Lidian storywriter, like the dark sayings of all great prophets, fit every country and every time. Mr. Fitzgibbon has returned to Melbourne to breathe once more the grateful incense of adulation offered by Councillor McMahon and Councillor Styles, agreeably blended with the sweet odours of the lower Yarra, the Albert-park lagoon, the Fleming- ton abattoirs, and last, but not least, the sanitary arrangements of the city, which have retained their fragrance, spared by the hand of the reforming Gibbs during his absence. As the Oruba drew up at the Port Melbourne pier on Wednesday morning, the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, like the old war-horse that he is, sniffed the battle from afar, and with it the importunate aroma of decaying fish, which so inauspiciously haunts Mr. Salmon's constituency. "Ha!" one seemed to hear him say, as he stalked apart upon the deck like a financial Lambro returning to his island home after a piratical cruise among a fleet of wealthy merchant- men, "this is sweet, indeed. Dear old Melbour-r-r-ne! How I love thy majestic permeating smell that comes home to my very heart after the puny odours of the cities of Europe." The knight of Kerry, but, alack, of nowhere else at pre- sent, comes back to us with his voice mellowed like fine old port by a couple of sea voyages and his mind enlarged by foreign travel. Heavens! Since he left us only a few short months ago what shores has he not visited, what distant corners of the earth has he not explored in the interests of the Metropolitan Board of Works, and of the grateful members who voted him his ex- penses? Mr. Fitzgibbon has been everywhere and seen everything. He has steamed up the Skager Rack and down the Adriatic, receiving illumination from the northern lights on the vital question of bricks versus concrete, and drawing some hints for the management of tardy officials from his deal- ings with Neapolitan baggage- smashers. The Liffey and the Seine have seen him and rippled afresh with happy smiles. The dynamitards of Dublin spared Mr. John Morley until the foine ould Oirish gintleman had taken his departure, and M. Ravachol's friends in Paris abstained from blowing up any more gens d'armes while the dis- tinguished-looking old emigré still loitered of a morning about the Avenue des Acacias, and engaged the attention of the préfet in sanitary discussions. It is to be hoped that the members of the Board of Works will recognise that the globe-trotting experiences of their chairman have thrown a reflected glory upon themselves through the length and breadth of Europe, which is more than a due return for the paltry sum voted for his expenses. The chairman himself, according to report on board the Oruba, has exhibited a chastened air on the return voyage com- pared with the exuberant hilarity which he manifested on the way to London. But then the Oruba people have been ac- customed to be roused in the Red Sea by the midget-like activity of Misa Katie Barrie, and stirred in the south-east trades by Miss Alice Leamar with her drawingroom ballad, "When the Stormy Winds do Blow," and possibly they expect too much from a mere amateur exponent of burlesque. Everyone will be glad to see that the san- guinanly-minded Mr. C. C. Kingston has been haled before the Adelaide police magistrates, and bound over keep the peace. A five shilling fine or twenty-four hours would have served him right, for his attempt to acclimatise the duello was an ill- conceived and uncouth piece of bungling. Perhaps the burning of a little powder or the cultivation of a little clever wrist play might supply "a felt want" in the colonies, but the crude Kingston method is not the kind of thing at all, and only illustrates the besetting tendency of Australians to copy American rather than European manners. If we are to have the duel, let us have the chivalrous en- counter of the Castleton and Mohun type, or a more quickly yet, formally arranged affair such as that between Sir Mulberry Hawk and Lord Frederick Verisopht. Then the business can be arranged to take place in some pleasant mead out of the way of perambulators and ladies shopping, seconds and surgeons can he there to measure the ground and see fair play, and birds can be at hand to twitter plaintively around the prostrate figure of the combatant whose fate it shall be to "peg out." What Mr. King- ston, however, had in view was the miserable "shooting on sight" business practised in the American Court of Justice or bar-room. He sends a "wepping" to his antagonist, and proposes that he and Mr. Baker shall meet and dodge each other around the pillars of the Town-hall, like Cherokee Joe and Hank the cowboy, "potting" at each other when- ever a whisker shall be momentarily exposed, and probably doing many pounds' worth of damage to the plaster. As a new Australian institution this proposal must be declined with thanks. Mr. Shiels, the original and only political contortionist, is just now winning the ad- miration of a discerning public by his masterly efforts to wriggle out of the Pearson dilemma. The trick, of course, is an old one. You make a statement, give it a week's start, and then undertake to persuade the public that you never said such a thing, or that if you did it was something different. We see it done, with more or less success, every day in the witness-box, especially since the adoption of the law enabling prisoners to be heard in their own defence; but no one before ever brought into the business such a consummate mastery of technique. To begin with, Mr. Shiels said that it was not intended to appoint another secretary to the Agent-General, and was duly so reported in The Argus, and in his own pet organ, which plays so many different tunes when he turns the handle. But when it becomes expedient to deny the too-accusing statement Mr. Shiels triumphantly turns up Hansard and shows that the Ministerial utterance is qualified by the addition "at present." Of course after this there can be no further controversy, because Hansard never makes mistakes—in fact to provide against any possibility of error Mr. Shiels always obligingly edits his speeches himself. It is the hard fate of public men ever to be bothered by these objectionable contra- dictions. St. Peter himself, it will be remem- bered, once ventured upon a Ministerial statement, and "immediately the cock crew." And now, when Mr. Shiels commits himself to a personal explanation The Argus must needs wake the echoes with its shrill clarion, and thus it is that the Premier has nothing left him but to follow up the parallel by going out and weeping bitterly. The Victorian Hansard staff is, I believe, as competent as any in the world. Without exception its members have stood the test of years in a newspaper service where no man was ever known to make more than two glaring errors, because the second one means extinction. Nor (although Mr. Richardson still addresses the House nightly) have any of the Hansard men as yet followed the example of the stenographers in the French Senate and become insane. Yet is an extra- ordinary fact that reporters who can catch even Mr. Deakin on the wing utterly fail to correctly record the infinitely slower and more measured utterances of the Premier. When any question of fact turns up, it is in- variably found that the reporter of The Argus and the Age have managed to hear only what Mr. Shiels did not say, and I have it on the best authority that even the Hansard men would constantly fall into the same mistake did not Mr. Shiels, with a kind- ness which only a pressman can properly appreciate, spend hours of his valuable time in going over the proofs and putting in "noes" and "nots"' before all the verbs and adjectives, so as to restore the speech to sanity. It was possibly during one of these hours devoted to good works that these mysterious words, "At present," found their way into the speech. Mr. Shiels, of course, knows exactly what he never said, and it is this praiseworthy anxiety to see himself pro- perly reported (but has earned him the un- dying gratitude of reporters generally as the biggest—well, the most self-denying politician in Victoria. The serpentine dance, that alluring com- promise between suggestiveness and lime- light, has descended upon the town like a cholera epidemic. There are no fewer than four serpentine dances this season—one at St. George's Hall, one at the Royal, and two at the Princess's, because, although Miss Leth- bridge is down for the dance in the bills, Miss Mary Weir has the satisfaction of coming on first in a gorgeous costume, from London and "queering the pitch." They say that during the rehearsals each lady in turn used to ascend to the dress circle, and from those gloomy depths watch the rival coryphee hopping up and down the stage in practice tights and a bad temper. I wonder how much both these ladies, with that true generosity which always distinguishes artists, would have given to see the failure of the limelight which sent Miss Bella Dushall in tears off the stage of the Royal translated to the Princess's while the other one was dancing? For it is really on the limelight man that the whole emotional significance of the serpentine dance depends. One is conscious at first only of a waving of gauzes, a dim confusion of arms and legs and garment, as of a stout and sleepy man trying to struggle into somebody else's pyjamas in a darkened room. Then— limelight! a "now you see it and now you don't sensation, as though the ladies' room of a Turkish bath had been suddenly illu- minated by lightning, a crash, and darkness —that is the serpentine dance. Woman, viewed from the standpoint of the Austral Salon, is nothing if not logical. The average man in his heart of hearts does not believe this, but instances crop up every now find then which undeniably establish woman's claim to the suffrage. For instance, in a provincial town the other day a tobac- conist, who had been exhibiting theatrical bills in his window, asked, and obtained a pass for two to the circle. The same evening the manager was aware of a disturbance at the stalls' entrance, and found the ticket- taker high in oath with two stout women and a little thread-papery man, who wanted to pass in on the tobacconist's order. The manager explained, firstly, that orders were only issued for the dress-circle, and, secondly, that the pass was for two, not for three. Then the logical side of the feminine brain was strikingly shown, ''The stalls is only 2s.," she said, "and the circle is 4s., 'ain't it? Well twice four is eight, and twice three is six." ''Oh, I see," said the manager calmly, "then I owe you 2s.," and he handed the lady a florin and passed the three of them in. 