LttOAL 4NI- CENRRAIi. N. S. Walks Raixwat Accident.— In connection with tho Into Accident to the third train conveying Sells' circuB to Arnii dalc. which occurred near Tenterficld, the N. S. Wales Government have paid the following compensation :— Sells Brus. £225, for damage to the paraphernalia. Walter Sulbon, £'250. Reynolds, £170. Leslie £120. No claim has yet lioem made on bo half of Archie Banks who -ras killed. in the following estates :— Michael Joseph McKercnsn, Roman Catliulio Clergeman, Caboolture, liabilities £501 2s. 7d. Frederick Coinloy, licensed victualler. Rockhampton, liabilities £20,613 10s Sd. Isaac H. Lcnntbc?rg, licensed victualler, Brisbane, liabilities £3,676 6s. 8d. Goo. Jenkins, draper, Charters Towers, liabilities £1.1021Gs.l0d. John Anderson, merchant, Cairns, liabilities £7,045 10s. 8d. A New State School— The school at Logauholme, which up to now has been a provisional one is to be emerged into a full blown State school. This is mainly owing to the osertioiis of the present teacher, Mr. Penny, who has 'a kind of resurrected' it from the low-ebb that it had fallen into. It IB said that Mr. Penny will be appointed toitscare. Tins is thefourthproviBional school that Mr. Penny has drawn from out of the sloughs of despond, and speaks highly of his energy, and undoubtable pluck, and the Loganholme residents should' be proud of having Buch a teacher. Valley Robbbet.— The Chief Justice in passing sentence upon Sutton and Kelly— 12 and 7 years respectively— intimated that if they would disclose the ' plant,' he would eonsider a recommendation for a remittance of some part of the sentence. With this in view wib uruKiiran muue t» wuiuaan 'u- mm uu Wednesday.KellytnokDetectivesGrimBhaw and O'Sollivan towards Breakfast Creek. On the Hamilton side, off the road near the bank of the creek, the prisoner pointed out a pile of stones, and when these and a few dirt had been removed, the jewellery, tied up in a old piece of rag, was discovered. Divisional Boabp Endowments. — Last year £95,000 was voted by Parliament foren dnwment to Divisional Boards, and many Bnnrdsinen, not to say ratepayers were of opinion that the Boards would receive £ for £. The Treasurer has had a statement made out and it now appears that the sum of £105,001 7s. 9J. was collected by the various Boards as rates during 1891. The Treasury has paid 10s. in the £ on rates collected as a first moiety, but the next will not be much more than 8s. in the £. This will surely make some of the more extrava gant Boardmembers squirm in their shoes in inducing useless expenditure. Aud it is stated that after the end of tho present year Boards will be left to their own resources. Meetiko or Cbeditobs. — A meeting of creditors in the estate of James Watt, of Coomera, sawmiller, was held on Tuesday nfteraoon at the office of Messrs. Lilloy and O'Sullivan, Brisbane, Mr.T. F. Fsnset pre siding. The statement of affairs showed the total liabilities to be £302 17s. 9d., consisting of £173 14e. 7d. to unsecured creditors, and £129 6s. for rent taxes, wages, &c.; The total assets were put down at £150, the principal items being £35 cash in hand, And property (consisting for tbe most part of sawn timber), £110. It was decided ti liquidate the estate by arrange ment and nat in insolvency, and Mr. J. White was appointed trustee at 5 per cent, on the assets realised, with Mr. Fituset as a committee of inspection. It mis agreed to give the debtor his discharge within tno months, unless an objection is lilei) in the meantime by the trustee. Can it be. — TheToowonmba 'Chronicle's' Brisbane lady correspondent, says that the ' Courier's ' reprint of the Melbourne ' Age ' article aoent the action Sir Charles LiUey took in the late Bulimba election, is un generous, almost to the verge of prosecution, and further adds that a feeling is gaining ground that a monster petition must be got up urging him to come down and enter the political arena. In concluding this lady further remarks. —It is unfortunate for Bris bane and Queensland that our daily local papers are merely Queen street sectarian organs, and speak not with the voice of the people. Rumour hath it that one of the three is sick, very sick, and if it goes under there should be room for a smart penny daily that would give a shake up to Queen street, and go straight for the cauBe and rights of the people. ' How Bad to think that one of the dailies are so tar gone. Can it be that the person who upheld Unmack in his obnoxious id. tas iB to be one of those who will have to ' give up the ghost.' Fabmino, Railway Freights and Pbo tectioh.— - The following contents of an 'account sale' received last week by a Gattnn farmer will be interesting (says the 'Lockyer Star') showing as it does how fanning pays these times. The farmer in question (Mr. J. Robinson, of Gattnn) con signed six bans of prime potatoes to- a Bris bane agent, and the following was the re turn : — By six bags ptftatoes at Is. 10d., 11s. To railage, 8s. 3d. ; cartage, Cd. ; commission, Cd. Nut proceuds Is. 9d. and this latter sum Mr. Bobinson received in stamps for his six bags of prime potatoes. The potatoes were of course sold ' bags in' Still another case. A Laidley farmer, Mr. H. Hend, consigned 16 bales of mixed chaff to his agent in Brisbane, for which the gross Bum received was £4 4s. M. The 16 bales (in all 50cwt.) wore in two consignments of eight each. The railage on the lot amounted to £1 4s. 8d ; cartage, Is. ; weighing, Is. ; com mission, 4s. 3d.; bales, 16 at Is. 3d.. £1 6s. Net proceeds for 2J tonB mixed chaff, £1 7s. Cd., or at the rate of about lls. per ton. The State of. the West.— Story Bros., Seaton and Co., Blackall, writing to the ' Barcoo Independent ' respecting the lower Warrego country Bays — ' Weather hope lessly and wretchedly dry. Stock are falling off, dams and tanks are drying up fast, roads are blocked for want of water, prices are 'low, demand is nil, and the ' Paradise of the squatter.' Western Queensland, is like unto the bottomless pit. When they get the rabbit wave they will have nothing more to winh for in tho way of obstacles to overcome.' '??', '.;.. Gladstone Cattle Tpadb.— It is no» i definitely settled |sav« .the Gladstone ' Ob server ') that cattleshipping from this port I is.ta betesumedU',*;«ntriust has been let to supply NowjOaiodonia with a large num ber of csttlc, ; i&d; Kiguhir shipments \vill conBequenriyrie-iaae. for' some month's to come, and the Mayor i^s been requested to have-the yards^utSiaiirder. We under stand Walter Seid & Do,.- of Rockhampton, are inforosted in the contract, and that the steamer Olpncurry will be the Orst boat to be despatched.' :' i ? . 