TAX THE PEOPLE'S BREAD ! TO TIIE EDITOR OF THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir, — Ever since tlic monkey hit upon thd lmppy device of using the puM of his friend the cat to get the chestnuts out of the fire, his astuteness has had numerous imitators. The latest to take up the role of catapaM to tho miller's monkey are the farmers of Bcrrigan. m'ho, M'O learn, at a recent meeting passed the following resolution : — "That this meet ing is of opinion that tho present duty on Hour is inadequate and not equivalent to tho duty on m'hcat, and that a further duty of 10s per ton should be placed on flour, so as to give the fanners tho full benefit of tho present duty on wheat," How a duty on Hour is to benefit the farmers is not ex plained. If they imagine that it m'ill indue© the miller to give them one farthing a bushel for their M'hcat over tlie market priec they arc reckoning m'ithout their host. Perhaps these guileless farmers arc saying one word for their friends and two for themselves? H tho duty on flour and other millstufls is "inade quate," that on m'hcat must be more in adequate still, for the one is 12d per cental and tlie other only lOd. Raise tho 12(1 to 18d (at the cost of the " poor man's loaf") and tlie lOd m'ill look very shabby, and so wo shall go on, by happy gradations, increasing first tiie duty on flour and then the duty on M'hcat. until the unhappy hreadcatcr, having spent bis last penny, lies down and gives up tlie ghost. — Yours, etc., BREADEATER. The first annual general meeting of tho members of the Northern .Suburbs Horticul tural Society M'as held recently at Clarke and M'liityreks rooms, U'alker-street. Mr. R. M. Bitt occupied the chair. A large number of letters were received from intending members, amongst them being Messrs. John Hay, G. I. Robsou, M.A., Dr. Kyngdon, »S. .Sloan (secretary Gardeners' Union) and J. JL Beatson. Mr. H. II. Bradley gave an outline of the prospects of the society and suggested that monthly hIkjm's should bo held in turn at North Sydney, WiUoughby, Mossimin's Bay, Neutral Bay, Gordon and Gieenwieh. Tho draft bylaws und rides submitted by a sub- miltec m'ere approved of m'it h a few unim portant alterations. A sub-committee con sisting of Messrs. J, II. Bcalsoit, M Uogan, Uaptuiu Moseley, G. II. Bitt, K. Forsyth, J. Leviek, \V. F. Xlo-ter. A Miiston. A. Drummoiid, If. II. Bradley and J. Jlohson (lion, see.), lo carry on the affairs of the society until tiie full strength of members w.n known. It is proposed to hold the inaugural shou in October next in aid of tho funds of the North .Shorn Hospital. 