PEAtfiDCUFFE OR .WEDDING THE WRONG MAN. CHAPTER XVI. (Continued.) " HOW CAME SHE HERE ?" Whoever had uttered that cry — who ever had spoken those words, seemed to have some powerful motive for keeping silent. V. - .t Only two men among the crowd knew who had been so startled upon beholding that white,' still face upon the grass, or who had given utterance to that frightened cry and those terrified words. Tiie woman's pockets were examined to see if they could discover any clue to her identity, but nothing was found save a small , purse, which contained a bank note and a few silver coins. The guard, after consulting with some of the passengers, gave orders for her to be lifted into a carriage and laid upon a pile of cloaks and shawls that had been volunteered for that purpose, every one feeling a sort of tender pity for the beau tiful stranger who had come to suclr a sad and untimely end. Thertrain then moved slowly on, reach ing its destination nearly an hour behind time.' The body was given into the care of the proper officials upon reaching the city to be carried away to the deadhou.se, there to await identification ; and the busy throng went its was-. As Adison Gheetluim stepped upon the platform from tlie carriage in which he had been travelling, lie met his valet, who was' awaiting' him, and who, on. be holding him, started back with an ex clamation' "ftf dismay. " Are you ill, sir ?" lie asked ; and well he might 'ask, - for the man's face was per fectly colourless, ancl wore an expression of horror beyond description. He was shivering as if chilled through with cold, and his teeth chattered audibly. "No,"'hfi rqilied, gruffly ; "but after such a cursed fright a man may be ex pected to lookjU. j Ht is enough to give any one the horrors to be startled from a sound sleep-by such unearthly noises, and then told that we were all going straight to" The place : of, which he , spoke is univer sally coiiceded' to'b'e a very warm one. " Did you get out to Jook at — the — her?" inquired his servant, with .'inex pressive shrug ancl emphasis. His master.; swore angrily. "What should ; I want to get out and look at a mahglt'd corpse' for? ' I had enpugh to do to qui-:t my own nerves aftertsuch ;a shock. I would gave a hun dred --pounds if we had gone by some other train. Ugh ! what have they- done with — it?" lie asked, with a shudder, and-; glancing fearfully around, as if he feared that the ghost of that unfortunate woman was about to rise up and con front him. " Theyjaije just taking her to the dead- housef sir— there th'ey'go now," his valet . answered, pointing to two men who were caryjng-'a rude, litter, upon which some thing 'strangely and fearfully suggestive lay, covered- with a black cloak. - Adison Cheetham started violently as his eyes fell upon it, ancl muttering another "oath, he turned quickly from the sight.' " I'll go to the cafe and get a glass of brandy to steady my nerves, while you attend to the traps," he said ; and he walked abruptly away. Andrew procured a carriage, had tlie baggage.transferred to it, and then went to call his master, for the driver was anxious to be off; in order to return in time for another train. Darkness had settled down upon the great city. A fine drizzling rain was falling, and the ajr was keen ancl chill. It seemed likely to he an uncom fortable night — one to make the traveller long for his own snug home, with its cheerful lights, its blazing fires, and kindly faces. The street lights flickered and flared, shedding ghostly rays around, making the gloom seem even more gloomy than it. really was, by contrast, and casting weird shadows among the many vehiclas wjjicli " were waiting to receive their passengers at one end of the station. But as Adison Cheetham come forth amfientered his cab, and gave his order to be driven to the Langham, something nioi'Cjaqbatantial tlian a .'.Ii ndo-.v might ha-ve-been seen to move away from the stde,c&&£jtiage:\vhich he had entered, and glide quietly away into the dark ness. gflTifiSC JTDCCEIAPTER .XVI Ik- visitors at tiie deadiiouse. Adison Cheetham did not rest at ail well Jhaftfirst night in London. Heday- tgssi ng and groaning udou his bedpand;,. muttering strange things until broad daylight,' when he sank into a fit ful slumber which lasted until nearly noon. .' i i : Thepijfeeli.ng unrefreshed and wretched he arose, bathed, and dressed himself, and - ordere'clih is .b reak fas t to be served in his room, where he ate it silently and with thpughtful, moody brow. "'His, meal1 despatched, he threw him- selfupon .'a couch, and fell to musing. Ationg, Jong , time he lay there perfectly motionless;, his lips sternly compressed, his eyes, troubled and almost fierce in thejrrexpres'siqh. -" Gonfoutidjn' luck!" he exclaimed, with an ugly'sCowl) " I don't know why 1 jshould be, baulked like this. I never gave MP anything yet I undertook ; but HoW.'that I'm here I don't know which way to turn, and I've not much strength or. courage left for anything after the fright of last night. Ugh ! I feel as if I never want to ride in a rMlw.ty carriage agafrii ' ' Arid- then " (To be continued.) 