HIOK OF TIB ¥0ODS. CHAPTER XXI.--CGo2mKOTED.) uThe emigrants," Roland continued, . with incoherent haste ; lyou brought them? They are pursuing the savages thev bare rescued her ? Speak, Nathan -tell me all ; .tell mq that my cousin is ire® - "Truly, friend," muttered Nathan ; " thee doth confuse both theeself Mid me with many questions. Do thtee be content for awhile, till I chafe thee poor legs, whioh is like the legs of a dead man, and tie up thee wounds. When thee can stand up and walk, thee shall know all I have to tell thee, both good and bad. It is enough thee is theeself safe." " Alas, I read it all from your looks," cried the soldier ; " Edith is still a prisoner : -ypfl I lie here, a miserable, crashed worm, incapable of aiding, unable even to die for her 1 But the emigrants, my friends ? they are at least urging the pursuit ? there is a hope they will retake her r" XruiV, friend," said Nathan, 14 thee knqtf aiL if thee will have patience, and hold thee £ongu5. ' " XI thee loves thee poor kinswoman, mid would save Her from cruel bondage and sorrow, thee must be quiet till I have put thee again upon thee legs ; ai\d. after that, thee shall have - my counsel and help to do what is good and proper for the maiden's redeeming." The bold attempt of Nathan to pass the line of besiegers at the ruin, it seemed, he had accomplished without difficulty, though not without risk ; but- this part of the nar rative he hurried over, as well as his passage of the river, at a solitary and dangerous ford in the wildest recesses of the forest. Then, striking through the woods, and aiming for the distant station, he had arrived within but a few miles of it, when it was his fortune to stumble upon the band of Regulators, who, after their memorable ex ploit at the beech- tree, had joined the emi grants, then on their march through the woods, and conveyed them to the station. Here passing the nisrht in mirth and frolic, they were startled, at an early hour, by the alarming intelligence, brought by a volunteer hanter, who had obtained it none could tell how, of the presence of the Indian army on the north side ; and, leaving their friends to arm and follow as they could, the visitors immediately mounted their horses, to return to Brace's station, and thence to seek the field of battle. To these unex pected friends, thus opportunely met in the woods, Nathan imparted his story. A council of war being called on the spot, it was resolved to gallop at once to the rescue of the travellers. Taking Nathan up, therefore, behind him, and bearing him along, to point out the Dosition of the Indians, the gallant Tom Bruce, followed by his equally gallant com panions, dashed through the woods, and succeeded by daybreak in reaching the rain ; where, as Nathan averred, so judiciously had they laid their plans of attack,' the Indians, if still there, might have been surprised, en tirely worsted, and perhaps the half of them cutoff upon the spot ; " which," as he rather hastily observed, " would have been a great comfort to all concerned." But the ruin was deserted, besiegers and besieged had alike vanished, as well as the bodies of those3ssailants who had fallen in the conflict, to find their graves under the ruins, among the rocks, or in the whirling eddies of the river. The tracks of the homes being discovered in the ravine and at the water's edge, it was inferred that the whole party, too desperate or too wise to yield themselves prisoners, had been driven into the river, and there drowned ; and this idea inflaming the fory of the Kentnckians to the highest pitch, they sought out, and easily discovered among 'the canes, the fresh trail of the Indians, which they followed, resolving to exact the fullest measure of revenge. Nathan, the man of peace, from whom no further services were expected, was now- turned adrift, to follow or protect himself as he might ; and the young men betook them selves to the pursuit, with as much speed as the wild character ef the woods permitted. Nathan, making his own observations from the appearance of the different tracks in the -ravins, and satisfying himself there was among them one mora Christian footprint than could be accounted for, he followed after the young men, examining the Indian trails in places where it had not been effaced by the Rentuckians, until he became con vinced that the fugitives had, in some unac countable way, escaped alive from the river, and were still struggling in retreat, led by some friendly guide, although closely pur sued by the foe. This discovery, it was also probable, had been made by the Kentnckians, who had, in consequence, urged their horsas to the utmost, and, arriving on the hill where the savages lay in ambush, rushed to the attack, and fought and lo3t the battle, before Nathan could reach them. He met them indeed re treating in fall rout before the victors ; many wounded, all overcome by panic, and none willing or able to throw any light on the cause of defeat. One, indeed, checking his horse a moment, to bid the man of peace look to himself, and -avoid the savages who were still urging the | pursuit, hastily assured him that the defeat was all owing to Captain Ralph's ghost, which had suddenly got among them, vei ling for vengeance on his executioners ; for which reason the conscience - stricken Regu lator called Nathan to witness his oath, which he now made, that he would never Synch a man again, as long as he lived." " Then, friend," said the man of peace, 11 1 took counsel as to what we should do ; and truly it was decided to creep after the amrdering Shawnee creatures — and see what Rad become of thee and thee poor women Well friend, as soon as we thought it safej we crept to the spot on the hill-side ; and 3afe enough it wa?, the savages having de parted, leaving nothing behind them, save tiro young Kentuckians and the colored person, whom they had prevailed over and »ewfi to pieoes with their hatchets ; besides Jjur corpses of their own, which they had Stuck in a cave, where Peter snuffed them out. Well, friend, I saw then that thee duemies had divided; theanain body depart ing one way over the hill, while a smaller . party had mossed the river with a hone and prisoner. Truly it was Peter's opinion that . this prisoner was theefcelf, and that if we followed thee, we might in some way aid thee to escape, thee eaptivators being so fejv in number. .And'jBo; friend, we Vaclea iHe river, and foBo wed frail until night came, when tittle Peter rmdertook to nose thee on in the dark, - which he did very successfully, until we reached the place where the savages had killed their horse, and broken the cask of liquor, when truly the scent of the Bame did so prevail over Peter's nose, that I was in fear he never would smell right again in all his life, which was a great grief to me ; fcr truly Peter's nose is, as I may say, the staff of my life, my defence, and my succor : truly, thee don't know the value of little Peter's nose. <( Well, friend," continued the narrator, 'Having crept up as near as I durst, I could see how thee was fixed, tied to the poles so thee conld not help theeself, and the three savages lying beside thee, with their guns in the hollows of their arms, ready to be seized in a moment. I lay watching thee and thee cruel oppressors for more than an hour mar velling in what way I could give thee help." "An hour I" cried Roland, 41 a friend lying by me during that hour, the most wretched and distracted of my whole exis tence ? Had you but cut the rope, and given me the knife to strike a blow for myself !" "Truly," said the man of peace, " I did so desire to do, seeing that then thee might have killed the Injuns theeself : which would have been more seemly, as being a thing thee conscience would not disapprove of : whereas mine, as thee may suppose, was quite averse to any such bloody doings on my own part. Besides, I feared, in case thee should discover there was help nigh at hand) thee might cry out in thee surprise, and so alarm thee sleep ing eaptivators. And so, friend, I was iu what thee may call a pucker, not knowing what to do ; and so I lay hard by thee, with Peter at the back of me, watching and revolv ing the matter for that whole hour, as I told thee ; when suddenly down fell a stick into the fire, and the same blazing up brightly, I saw two of the savages lying beside thee, their heads so close to gether thee might have supposed they both grew from the same pair of shoulders, and so nigh to me withal, that, verily, I might have poked them with the muzzle of my gun. I can't tell thee how it then happened — whether it was a sort of nervousness in my fingers' ends, or whether it was all an accident; bat, truly, as it happened, my gnn went off in my hands, as it might be of its own accord, and, truly, it blew the two evil creatures' brains out ! And then, friend, "thee sees, there was no stopping, there being the third of thee eaptivators to look after; and, truly, as I- had done so much, I thought I might as well do all — the killing of three men being but a little worse than the killing of two ; and, be sides, the creature would have hurt thee, as thee lay at Ms mercy. And so, friend, I did verily spring upon Mm, sinner that I am, and strike him a blow with my hatchet, which I had taken from my belt to be ready ; whereupon he fled, and I after Mm, being in great fear lest, if he escaped, he should return upon thee and kill £hee, before I conld get back to cut thee loose. And so, friend, it happened that — that I killed him likewise ! — for wliich I don't think thee can, in thee heart, blame me, seeing that it was all, over and over again, on thee account, and nobody's rise's. Truly, friend, it is quite amazing, the ill things thee has brought me to!" f 4 Had there been twenty of the villains, and yonhad killed them all, I should have held it the noblest and most virtuous act you could have performed," said Roland. CHAPTER XXII. By dint of chafing and bathing in the spring, still foul and red with the blood of the Piankeshaws, the limbs of the soldier soon recovered their strength ; and he was able to rise, to survey the scenes of his late sufferings and liberation, and again recur to the harassing subject of his kins woman's fate. Again he beset Nathan with questions, whicn soon recalled the disturbed looks which Ms deliverer had worn, when first assailed with interrogatories. "Bead the party first to the battle ground," he said : " I am now as a child in strength, but I can crawl thither to meet you; and, once on a horse again, be as sured no one shall pursne better or faster than I." " If thee thinks of rescuing the maiden," said Nathan — 44 1 will do so, or die," exclaimed Roland, impetuously ; 44 and would to Heaven I could die twice oyer, so I might snatch her from the murdering monsters. Alas ! had you bat followed them, instead of these oars ; and done that service to Edith you have done to me !" 41 Truly," said Nathan, 44 thee talks as if ten men were as easily knocked on the head as ten rabbits. There is a thing in tbia matter that perplexes me. Why did thee desert the ruin r and who was it led thee through the canes ? Let me know what it was that happened thee ; for, of a truth, there is more in this same matter than thee thinks." Thus c silled upon, Roland acquainted Nathan with the events that had succeeded his departure from the ruin— the appearance of Ralph Stackpole, and the flight of the party by the river. 44 Where Abel Doe is, thee may be sure, there is knavery !" said Nathan ; demanding earnestly if Roland had seen no other wMie man in the party. 44 1 saw no other," he replied ; " but there was a_tall man in a blanket, wearing a red turban, who looked atTne from a distance ; and £ thought he was a half-breed, like Doe, for so, at first, I supposed the latter to be." 44 Well, friend? And he seemed to com mand the party, did he not?" demanded Nathan, with interest. 44 The leader," replied Roland, 44 was a vile, grim ofcl rascal, that they called Kehanga, or Kenauga, or — : " " Wenonga !" cried Nathan, with extra ordinary vivacity ; Ms whole countenance, in fact, lighting up with the animation of in tense interest, — 44 an old man, tfiil and raw-boned, a scar on his nose and cheek, a halt in his gait, his left middle -finger short of a joint, anda buzzard's beak and talons tied to his hair ?— It is Wenonga, the Black-Vulture. Truly, little Peter ! thee is but a dolt and a dog, that thae told me nothing about it !" (to bb continued. 