J). I). Caledonian Society. EVENING ENTERTAINMENT. Tho inauguration of tbo electric light in Tonwootnba was a sufficient inducement to ensure a large gathering at the sports' grounds of the D. C. Calodonian Society last evening, but the cool nnd pleas int weather which prevailed may have been quite as powerful a factor in the drawing operation. Au attractive programme had been arranged and towards 8.30 p.m. fully two thousand people must have assembled to enjoy it. At this hour the grounds were brilliantly illumminated by five powerfnl arc lamps, supplied and erected under the auspices of Messrs. Barton and White, of Brisbane, and the moon in her second phase added not a iittlo to tho brightness of things. But the etornal cussedness of cir cumstance called for some departure from this smooth aud happy procedure, and it was soon found necessary from the utter in adequacy of the driving power, and tho consequent lethargic revolutions of thn dynamos, to effeot some retrenchment in the UBe of electricity. With this object, two of the lamps were disconnected, and although this hud the effect of increasing the power of tho remaining three for the time being, as tho evening advanced the ' flickers ' became more frequent and decided, ending ultimately in the total extinction of one of the trio, During all this time the committee with indomitable energy were en gaged in working off tho programme, but the miserable half light to which they were even tually reduced called for a suspensiou of busiuess. Then tho interest centred iu the already groggy luminaries, and the betting sentiment found expression in speculations as to which would be the longer lived. With an expiring spasin, first one, and then the other, gave up tho ghost, and with the excoption of a lurid patch of glare in those portions of tho ground accommodated with torches, utter darknesB prevailed. A spell for ten minutes was announced and the committee sidled up to, and transferred their enthusias tic attentions to, the stokers who worked with true Mildura spirit in their efforts to rescue the project from absolute failure. Tho stipulated ten minutes brought light again, and it is stated on good authority that this occurred so suddenly as to discover several interesting scenes, by no means the least amongst which was an improvised barricade hurriedly erected by the officers responsible for the safety of the bullion. However, things ran very smoothly after all, and satisfaction was in a great measure restored before the proceedings closed. The society are indeed to he commiserated on the failure of their laudable project, and, be it said, behaved with the utmost good sense, although the suspicion that all was not correct with the engine was freely breathed — an hypothesis by no means unreasonable to those in anyway acquaiuted with the possibilities of steam. Several protests were entered, and disputes were rife, but these in a great measure wero causod by the blockheaded stupidity of a crowd of spectators who could not be nvide to under stand either by Btiok, whip, or reason that their room bore a much greater rulue than their company in the ring. The tug-of-war was the most exciting event of the evening, but the military were placed at a weighty dis advantage by having to encounter a fresh and burly team of brewers after having disposed of a doughty hatch of firemen. The head quarter's band was present, and it was perhaps to the inspiriting slraius produced by this body that the aforesaid barricade remained intact. Appended are the results of tho different events : Vo&rar; MATCH. — Open to Volunteers, Defence Forco and Rifle Cluhs. Squads of 5 men.— 1st prize, £2 10s ; 2nd prize, £1 5s.— Darliug Downs Rifle Club 1, Darling Downs Mounted Infantry 2. AaiATiiuit Race. — (Handicap). — 1st prize (trophy) value, £2 2s ; 2nd prize (trophy) valuo £1 la; distance, once round tho ring. — W. Ryan 1, 0. Pnulton 2, W. Cox 3. Sailors' Hornpipe. — 1st prize, 20s; 2nd »rize, 10.— T. M'Kuy 1, T. Connors 2. Vaijmiho with tuk PoiiE.— 1st Prize 20s; and, prisso, 10s. Counole, 8f t 6ia, 1; Fitzpa trick, 8ft Gin, 2 Walking- Mmoh (Handicap) 1 mile.— 1st prizo, £3 ; 2nd prize, £1 10s. Voght 1, Buchheistop 2, Kimmins 3. Kiramins entered a protest on tho ground that tho other two had not completed the milo, Sack Race (Once round the Ring).— 1st prizo, 20s; 2nd prize, 10s. MoQ-rath 1, Wirth 2. Cathcart caino in second, but a protest was entored by Wirth and sustained. Tua of Wab (10 men aside), open to All-comers. — Prize, £3. Three teams com peted, one from tho Downs Brewery, one from the Mounted Infantry, and one from the Toowonmba Firo Brigado. The brewery men wou, tho Mounted Infantry being noxt best. 