ICK OF THE WOODS. -o-0 CIHAPTER II.-(Coutinued.) None of the females remained on the porch vo Tolls, the girl of the loom, who, too usable or too tierid to seek the aoquauintnce of he stranger lady, like the otherse, had been verlooked in the bustle, and now pursued her bour, with but little notice from those who nained. " And now, Colonel," said the young offlicer, declining the offer of refreshments made by hie ost, " allow eo, like true soldier, to proceed to the business with which you heard our com mander, Major Johnson, charge me. To. morrow we resume our journey to the Falls. I should gladly myself, for Miss Forrester's sale, consent to remain with you a few days, to recqsit our strength a little. But that cannot be. Our melt axe resolved to push on without delay, and as I have no authority to restrain them, I must e'en accompany them." "Well," said Colonel Bruce, "if it must be, it must, and I'm not the brute to say ' No' to You. But lord, Captain, I should be glad to have you stay a month or two, war it only to have a long talk about my old friend the brave oldmajor. And thar's your sister, Captain lord, air, she would be the pet of the family, and hels my wife teach the girls manners. Lord?" Ihe continued laughing, " you've no idea what grand notions have got into the old woman's head about the way of behaving, ever since it war that the Govornorof Virginsie sent mae a cunnel's commission. She thinks I ought to w'ar a cocked hat and geoold swabs, and put on a blue coat instead of a leather shirt; but I wonder how soon I'd see the end of it, out h'yar in the bashes! And then, as for the girls, why there's no end of the lessons she gives them; and thlar's my Jenny-that's the youngest--came blubbering up the other day, saying 'she believed mother intended even to stop their licking at the sugar-troughs, she was gettin so greoat and so proud!' Howseomever, women will be women, and thar's the end of it." To this philosophic remark the officer of in ferior degree bowed aoquioacence, and recalling the host's attention to the subject of most interest to himself, requested to be informed what dificulties or dangers might be appre .handed on the further route to the Falls of one. ih on 'arth that I know of," said uoo; "you've as el'ar and broad a track before you as man and beast could make-a buffalo street" (the bison-paths, when very broad, were often thus called) "through the eanee, andwhenthar's open woods,blazes athick as stars, and horse-tracks still thicker; thar war more than a thousand settlers have travelled it ai year already. As for dansgers, Captain, hy I reckon there's none to think on. Thar a good chance of whooping and howling ibout Bear's Grass last year, and some hard fighting, but I h'ar nothing of Injuns thar this 'a. But you leave some of your people h'yar. What force do you tote down to the Falls to morrow !" "Twenty-seven guns in all, but several quite too young to face an enemy." "Thars no trusting to years in a matter of fighting," said the Kentuckian. "Thar's my non Tone. that killed his brute at fourteen; but I remember I told you that story. How somever, I hold that's no Injuns on the -oad; and if you should meet any, why it will be down about Boear's Grass, or the Forks of Salt, whar you can keep your eyes open, and whar the settlesments are so thick, it is easy taking cover. No, no, Captain, the Sghting, this year, is all on the north side of Kentucky." Yet, I believe," said Roland, " there have been sf) en-ables there, since the defeat of Cap. t"ai Estill, on Little Mountain, and of Holder, at that place-what do you call it ?" " Upplr BllueLicks of Licking," said Bruce; I"'and wara't they troubles enough fora season? Two Kentucky captains (and one of them a a south-side man, too), whipped in fa'r fight, sal by nothing better than brutish Injuns i" "` They were sad affairs, indeed; aid the number of white men murdered made them more shocking.' "The murdering," said the gallant Colonel Bruce.. "' is nothing, sir; " it is the shame of the thumpsssing that makes one feel victuns; thar's -no thing no Kentuckian can understand, air. To bh murdered. wharthar's l0 Injuns to ahe white ,nan, is nothing; but whar it comes to being trounced by equal numbers, why thar's the Ihing not to be tolerated. How momever, Captain, we're no worse off in Ken tuaoky it ji' our neighbours. Thar's them 500 Pennsvnsuians that went out in June, soder old Olsa lel Crawford, from Pittsburg, agin the brutes of Sa.uduskv, war more ridiculously whippet by old Captain Pipe, the Delaware, har'e.sio denying." " What!" raid Roland, " was Crawford's oompanys'eaten :" " Beaten !" said the Kentuckian, opening his eyes : " cut off the lb, and say the savages made a dtiuner of 'an, and you'll be nearer the drue hititory of the matter. It's but two months ago o; and so I suppose the news of the r hadn't got into East Virginnie, when you e. Well, Captain, the long and short of -th cannel .oar beaten and exterminated, ? ei b' d run from the fight he had fted h'id after. How many ever got back e agin to Pitetburg, I never could rightly ; but what 1 know is, that thar war of prisoners beaten to death by the nawe and children, and that old Cunnel wisord himself war put to the double tor e, and roated alive ; and. I reckon, if he 't eaten, it war only because he war too ld to be tender." " Horrible !" said the young soldier, mut tering half to himself, though not intones so r low but the Kentuckian caught their import ; " and I must expose my poor Edith to fall ° into the ?ewer of such fiends and monsters!" " Ay. Captain," said Bruce, " thar's the thing ?~hat sticks most in the heart of them that live in the wilderness, and have wives and I daughters ;-to think of their falling into the hands of the brutes, who murder and scalp a woman just as readily as a man. As to their ° rtauring them, that's not so certain, but the ° tes arn't a bit too good for it; and I did I 'ar of their burning one poor womm at San dusky. But now, Captain, if you are anxious to have the young lady, yoar sister, in safety, h'yar's the place to stickup yourtent-poles, h'yar, in this very settlement whar the Injuns never trouble us, never come within 10 miles of I m... Thar's as good land here as on Bear's G?rass; and we shall be glad of your company. It is not often we have a rich man to take luck among us. Hfoweomnver, I won't deceive yon, if you will go to the Ohio; I hold. thar's no anger on the trace, for either man or I oman." " My good friend," said Roland, "you m to labour under two errors in respect to , which it is fitting I should correct. In the; t place, the lady whom you have seversa called, I know not why, my sister, clair ne o such near relationship, being only/ my " Why, sure !" said the colonel, " sors' one me so, and tha's a strong fa' .y like hers should be,,' said the yoe th, since fathers were twin brothers, a jd resembled other in all partioulars, in ody, in mind, .as I may 507, iafortnne.! they were alike their. lises, liskealso i0n t eir deaths, they together, struc' down b"1 the same cannon a- the bombardmen'. of Norfolk, seven ago." "'May Inever see a scalp," said the Ken. SwD'ar ly gr , ?Iinng the young man's nd ,ifl . 1 h On -r you the more for ting ?u' a tfaoer and such an uncle! You e of the,truo a.o.k, captain, thtr's no deny ;and my tb'ave oldmajor's estates have en tn, th' right hands; for, if thar's any evin: the nswe the last band of emigrants ugha .of youh'yar, thar war nobraveroffecer & ?/s corps, norin the whole Virginneo line, a'g ung Captrain Forrester." ers," said.Roland, looking as if what he . cost him a painful affort, " lies the second rsar--vour considering me, as you manifestly o, the heir of your old major, myuncle RLoland which I am not." " Lord!" said the worthy Bruce, " he was e richest man in Prince-George, and he had eousads of fat nacres in the Valley, the best in Fincastle, ans I know rvery well, for I war a incastle man myself : and thar war my old friend Braxley--he war a lieutenant under the mnaior at Braddock' and afterwards hin steward asnd manager, and lawyer-like- who neused to some over the Ridge to see after them. But I asehow it is; he left all to the young lady h" " Not an nacre," said Roland. " What !" Iaid the Kentuckian : " be left o :children of his own. Who then is the heir F" Y' our old friend, as you call him, Richard raxey. And hence yoa see," continued the outh, as if desirous to change the conversation, 'that I came to Kentucky, an adventurer d fortune-hunter, like other emigrants, to ocate lands under proclamation-warrants and -unty.grants. to fell trees, raise corn, shoot ?ona and Indianos and, in general, do any ing else that can be required of a good Vir n or Kentuckian." It was evidently the captain's wish now to esve altogether the subject on which he had ought it incumbent to acqosint hijlberi-t wh much; but the worthy trtuec was not so y satisl ; sad;, not conceiving there was Iy. particular inpropriety in indulsing ?ariscaity in matters relatingi to his old major, Bowerer distasteful that curiosity might prose 268) tohis guest, he succeeded in drawing from the reluctant young man many more particulars of his story ; which, as they have an important connection with the events it is our object to narrate, we must be pardoned for briefly noticing. SMajor Rloland Forrester, the uncle and god father of the young soldier," and the represen tative of one of the most ancient and affluent families on James River (for by this trivial name Virginians are content to designate the noble Jow/hatoa), was the eldest of three brothers, of whom the two younger, as was often the case under the aescien regime in Virginia were left, at the death of their parent, to shift for themselves ; while the eldest son inherited the undivided princely estate of his ancestors. This was at the period when that contest of principle with power, which finally resulted in the separation of the American colonies from the parent State, first began to agitate the minds of the good planters of Virginia, in common with the peopleof all the other colonies. Men had already begun to take sides, in feeling as iu argument; and, as usual, interest had, no doubt, its full share indirect. ing and confirming the predilections of in dividuals. Those circumstances-the regular succession of the eldest born to the paternal estate, and the necessity imposed on the others of carving out their own fortunes-had, per haps, their influencein determining the political bias of the brothers, and preparing them for contention, when the increase of the party feeling, and the clash of intersts between the government abroad and the colonies at homo, called upon all men to avow their priuciplos and take their stands. It was as natural that the one should retain affection and reverence for the institutions which had made him rich and distinguished, as that the younger brothers, who had suffered under them a deprivation of their natural rights, should declare for a system of government and laws more liberal and equitable in their character and operation. At all events, and be the cause of difference what it might, when the storm of the Revolution burst over the land, the brothers were found arrayed on opposite sides -the two younger, the fathers of Ronald and Edith, instantly taking up arms in the popular cause, while nothing, perhaps, but helpless feebleness and bodily infirmities, the I results of wounds received in Bradduck's war, throughout whichhe had fought at the head s of a battalion of " Buckskins," or Virginian Rangers, prevented the elder brother from arming as zealously in the cause of his king. i Fierce, uncompromising, and vindictive, how ever, in his temper, he never forgave his a brothers the bold and active part they both 1 took in the contest; andit was his resentment, 5 perhaps, more than natural affection for his t neglected offspring, that caused him to defeat his brothers' hopes of succession to his estates I (he being himseli unmarried), by executing a will in favour of an illegitimate child, an infant daughter, whom he drew from conceal- I ment, and acknowledged as his offspring. This I child, however, was soon removed, having been I burned to death in the house of its foster mother. But its decease effected little or no E change in his feelings towards his brothers, who, pursuing the principles they had so early avowed, were among the first to take arms e among the patriote of Virginia, and fall, as Ronald had said, at Norfolk, leaving each an orphan child-Ronald, then a youth of fifteen, and Edith, a child of ton, to the mercy of the older brother. Their death effected what perhaps their prayers never would have done. The stern loyalist took the orphans to i his bosom, cherished and loved them, or at I least appeared to do so, and often avowed his intention to make them his heirs, lut it was a Ronald's ill-fate to provoke his ire, as Ronald's father had done before him. The death of that father, one of the earliest martyrs to c liberty, had created in his youthful mind a strong abhorrence of everything British and I loyal: and, after presuming a dozen times or more to disclose and defend his hatred, he put the coping-stone to his audacity by suddenly leaving his uncle's house, two years after he I had been received into it, and galloping away, t a cornet in one of the companies of the first I regiment of horse which Virginia sent to the armies of Congress. He never more saw his uncle. He cared little for his wrath or its a effects; if disinherited himself. it pleased his 1 imagination to think he had enriched his I gentle cousin. But his uncle carried his re- t sentment further than he had dreamed. or J indeed any one else who had behold the show t of affection he continued to the orphan Edith t up to the last moment of his existence. He died in October of the preceding year, a week before the capitulation at York town, and almostwithin the sound of the guns that pro claimed the fall of the caase he had so loyally espoused. From this place of victory Ronaldi departed to seek his kinswoman. He found c her in the house-not of his fathers, but of a 1 stranger-herself a destitute and homeless a orphan. No will appeared to pronounce her E the mistress of the wealth he had himself re jected; but in place of it. the original testa- c ment in favour of Major Forrester's own child was prodnoed by Braxley, his confidential I frien 1 and attorney. who by it was appointed a both executor of the estate and trustee to the individual in whose favour it was constructed. I The production of such a testament, so d many years after the death of the girl, caused c no little astonishment; but this was still t further increased by what followed, the afore- c said Braxley instantly taking possession of the whole estate, in the name of the heiress, who, he made formal deposi- c tion, was, to the best of his belief, t yet alive, and would appear to claim her in heritance. In support of this extraordinary avorment he produced, or professed himse',f ready to produce, evidence to show that F or rester's child, instead of beirg burned to seath," as was believed, had actually been trrepanne, and carried away by persons to him r nknown* the burning of the house of her fr. teormother having been devised and executed merely to give colour to the story of her' death. Who were the perpetrators of suol an outrage. and persuade himself t'j repeat to the curious Ken tuckian, since tb ev went, in fact, to charge his own father aorts Edith's with the crime of having thes'a Ives concealed the child, for the purpose of 'removing the only bar to their expectcatiom , of succession. Whate' for might be thought of this singular story, it gained some believers, and was enouea in the hands of Braxley, a man of rea'j iddress and resolution, and withal a ayer to enable him to lanugh to scorn the e fforts made by the impoverished Roland .o. bring it to the test of legal arbitrement. Dee~spairinme, in fact. of his cause after a few trials had convinced him of his impotence. and perhaps himself almost believing the tale to be true, the young man gaveup the contest, and directed his thoughts to the condition of his cousin Edith, who, ponu the above circum stances being made known, bad received a warnr invitation to the house and protection of her only female relative, a married lady. whose husband had two years before emigrated to the Falls of Ohio. where he was now a person of considerable importance. This invitation de termined the course to be pursned. The young sman instantly resigned his commissiol, and converting the little property that remained into articles naecessaryto the emigrant, turned his fase to the boundless West. and. with hisn helpless kinewoman at his side, plunged at once into theiforest. A home for Edith, in the house of a relative. was the first object of his desires: his second. se he had already mentioned, was to lay the foundation for the fortunes of both. There wos something i the condition of the young and almost friendless adventuorers to interest the feelings of the hardy Kentuckian, but they were affected still more strongly by the generous self-sacrifice, as it might be called, which the ysong soldier was evidently makttg for his kinswomhn, for whom he had given up an honorable profession and his hopes of fane and distinction, to live a life of inglorious tonil in the desert. He gave the youth another energetic grasp of hand, and said, with un common empheaes " Irk'ee, Captain, my lad, I love and honor ye, and T could say no more if you war my own natteral born father! As to that 'ar' Richard Braxley, whom I called my old friend, you must nowit war an old custoim I have of calling a man a frienld who war only an ancquaintance; for I am for being friendly to al men that ar' white and honest, anod no IngTn. Now, I do hold that ldraxley to be a ascal, a precocious rascal, sir! and I rather acgkon Char war lying and villainy at the ottom of that will; and I hope you'll lifro to see the truth The sympathy eit byg the Keonthcian in the story, was experencel in a still stronger decree by Teli Doe. the girl of the loot, who, little noticed, if at all, Iy the two, sat apparently occoupied with her work, yet drinking In evear wora uttered by the young soldier with a deep and eager interest, until Roland, by fhensn looking round, beheld her large eyes fastened upon him na ite ; woild, sorrowful look. of which. however, she herself seemed quite en menacious, that greatly surprised hnI. The Kentuckian, obserthag her at the camsa time called to aher, "What, Tetie, my girl, atr von working upon a holiday? You shetlf be dresead like the otherse, and making friends with the stranger lady. Ad ere git away with you now, and maket yourelf handsome, and don't stand thar, looking as if the gentleman would eat you." "A du'ar crittur she, poor thing!" said Bruce, looking after her commiseratingly; and a stranger might think her no more nor half witted. But she has sense enough, poor crittur ! and, I reckon, is just as smart, if she war not so humble and skittish, as any of my own daughters." "What," said Roland, "is she not then your child?" "No, no." replied Bruce, shaking his head; "a poor crittur, of no manner of kin whatever. Her father war an old friend, or acquaintance like; for, rat it, I won't own friendship for any such apostatised villains, no how:-but the man war taken by the Shawnees ; and so as thar war none to befriend her, and she war but a little chit no bigger nor my hand, I took to her myself and raised her. 13ut the worst of it is, and that's what makes her so wild and skeary, her father, Abel Doe, turned Injun himself, like Girty, Elliot, and the rest of thema refugee scoundrels you're h'ard of. Now that's enough, you see, to make the poor thing sad and frightful; for Abel Doe is a rogue, thar's no denying, and everybody hates and cusses him, as is but his due; and it's natteral, now she's growing old enough to be ashamed of him, she shouldn't be ashamed of herself too, though thar's nothing but her father to charge against her poor crittur'. A bad thing for her to have an Injunised father; for if it warn't for him, I reckon, my son Tom, the brute, would take to her, and marry her." "Poor creature, indeed i" muttered tRoland to himself ; contrast ig, in thought, the con dition of this helpless and deserted girl, with that of his own unfortunate kinswoman, and sighing to acknowledge that it was still more forlorn and pitiable. His sympathy was, however, but short-lived: Sboing interrupted, on the instant, by a loud uproar of voices from the gate of the stockade, sotmding half in mirth, half in triumph; while the junior Bruce was seen approaching the porch, looking th very messenger of good news. (HAPTEIt III. " What's the matter, Tom Bruce ?" said the father, eyeing him with surprise. ",atter enough" responded the young giant, with a grin o nmingled awe and delight; " the Jibbonamnosay is up again !" "Whar?" cried the semor, eagerly,-"?not in our limits ?" "No, by Johoshaphat," replied Tom; "but nigh enough to be neighborly,-on the north bank of Kentuok, whar he has left his mark right in the middle of the road, as fresh as though it war but the work of the morning !,' " And a clear mark, Tom?-no mistake in it ' "Right to an iota!" said the young man: "a reggelar cross on the breast, and a good tomahawk dig right through the skull; and a long.legg'd fellow, too, that looked as though he might have fou't old Sattan himself ' "Its rthe Jibbenainosay, sure enough; and so good luck to him!" cried the commander; " thar's a harricane coming !" " Who is the Jibbenamnosay ?" demanded Forrester. " Who ?" cried Tom Bruce: " Why, Nick, Nick of the Woods." "Aud who, if you please, is Nick of the Woods I" "Thar," replied the junior, with another grin,." thar, stranger, you're too hard for me. Some think one thing, and some another; but thar's many reckon he's the devil." "And his mark, that you were talking of in such mysterious terms,-what is that F" " Why, a dead InJun, to be sure, with Nick's mark on him-a knife.cut, or a brace of 'em, over the ribs in the shape of a cross. That's tho way the Jibbenainosay marks all the moat of his killing. It has been a whole year now since we h'ard of him." "Captain," said the elder Bruce, " you don't eeoom to understand the affa'r altogether; but if yeou were to askl Tom aboutthe Jibbenainosay till doomsday, he could tell you no more than he has told already. You must klaow, thar's a creatur' of some sort or other that ranges the woods round about our station h'yar, keeping a sort of guard over us like, and killing all the brute Injuns that ar' onlucky enough to come in his way, besides scalping them and marking them with his mark. The Injuns call him Jibbenainosay, or a word of that natur', which them that know more about the Injun gabble than I do say means the Spirit-that-walks ; and if we can believeany sch lying devils as Injune (which 1 am loth to do, for the truth ar'n't in 'em), he is neither man nor beast, but a great ghost or devil that knife cannot harm nor bullet touch; and they have always had an idea that our fort h'yar in partickolar, and the country round about, war under his friendly protection-many thanks to him, whether hobo a devil or not; for that war the reason the eavoges so noon left off a werryiu, of it;," " Isit possible," said Poland, " that anyone can believe such an absurd story?" " Why not ?'' said Bruce, stoutly, "' Thar's the Injuns themselemi, Shawnees, Huors,Delawares and all-but porhtakelarly the S'awnees, for he beats all creation a-killing ',f Shawnees-that believe in him, and hoip, him in such otarnal dread, that thor's sc 5ce a brute of 'em has come within l0 mild of the station h'yar this three y'ar; bewue as how, he haunts about our woods h'T'ar in partickelar, and kills 'em wheresome-,er he catches 'em-especially the Shawnee:, as I said afore, against which the creatr,0' has a most butchering spite; and there 'sthem among the other tribes that call him .Rsawneewannaween, or the Howl of the Shaw noos, because of his keeping them ever a-bowl ing. And thar's his marks, captain-what do you make of that ? When you find an Injun lying scalped and tomahawked, it stands to reason thar war something to kill him." " Ay, truly," said Forrester ; " but I think you have human beings enough to give the credit to, without referring it to a supernatural one.', "Stranuger," said Big Tom Bruce the younger, with a sagacious nod, " when you kill an Injun yourself, I reckon - meaning no offence-you will be willing to take all the honor that can come of it, without leaving it he scrambled after by others. Thoar's no man 'arns a scalp in Kentucky, without taking great pains to show it to his neighbors." " And besides, captain," said the father, very gravely, " thar are men among us who have see the creatur' !" " THAT," said Roland, who perceived hisnew friends were not well pleased with his incredu lity, " is an argument I can resist no longer." " Thar war Ben Jones, and Sam Sharp and Peter Small- eye, and a dozen more, who all had a glimpse of him stalking through the woods, at different times; and, they agree, he looks more like a devil nor a mortal man--a great tall fellow, with horns and a hairy head ike abuffalo- bull, anid a little devil that looks like a black b'ar, that walks before him to point out the way. He war always found in the deepest forests, and that's the reason we call him the Nick of the Woode; wharby we mean OLD Nick of the Woods; for we hold him to be the devil, though a friendly oneto all but the Injuns. Now, captain, I war never superstitious in my life--but I go my doath on the Jibbenasioeay ! I never seed the creatur' himself, but Ihave seen, in my time, two diffe roent savages of hie killing. It's a sure sign, if you see him in the woods, there'sInjiunsat hand; and it's a good sign when you find his mark without seeing himself, for then you may be sure thebrntes are off- for they can't stand old Nick of the Woods no how ! At first, he war never h'ard of afar from our station; but he has begun to widen hbs range. Last year he left his marks down Salt Itiver in Jeffer son; and now, you see, he is striking game north of the Kentucky; and I've h'ard of them that say he kills Shawnce, even in their own country; though consarning that I'll not be so partickelar. No, no, Captain, thar's no mistake mNick of the Woods; and if you are. so minded, we will go and h'ar the whole news ~i him. But Isay, Tom," continued tbh Ken tuckian, as the three left the porch together, "who brought the news P" "Captain Italph-Roa~ing Ralph Stackpole," replied rom Bruce, with a knowing and humorous look. " What !" cried thefather, in sudden alarm; "Look to the horses. Tot l"' " I will," said thq y?uth, laughing; "it war no sooner know: that Caplain Ralph war among ne, t.hn it was resolved to have six Regulet,?rs in the ra'go, all night! Thar's somr of these new colts (not to seak of our '~wn creature), and espoecially that blooded brown beast of the captain's, which the nigger calls Brown Briery, or some such name. would set a netter mahn than Itoaring Ralph Stock pole's mouth watrring.' "And who," said Roland, "is Roarisg Ralph Stockpole ? and what has he to do with Brown Briareus ?'" " A proper fellow as ever you saw." replied Tom, approvingly--" killed two Injuns cnce, singlehanded, on Tlar-GrCme, and has stol?n more horses from them than ar' another man in Kentucky. A prime creatur'! but he hhas his fault, poor fellow, and sometimes mistakes a Christian a horse for an Injunse, thor's the tratl of it!" " And such csoundrels yon make officers of 7" demanded the snldler, indigeantly. "Oh," saidl the elder Broe, " thar's no regular commiesion in the case. But whnr thbar'i a kurot of our poor folks out uf horses, and inclined to steal a lot from the Shawnnr., (which is all fa'rplundering, you see, for thar'e nit a hor'se anle them, the brules, that tClev did not steal from Kentacky), they send for Roaring Ralph, and make him their captain; and a capital one he is, too, being all fliht from top to bottom; and as for the stealing part, thiar's no one can equal him. But, as Tom says, he sometimes nDOe make llistakea; having stulou. horses so often from the Injuns he can scarce keep his hands off a Christian's, and that makes us wrathy." By this time the speakers had reached the gate of the fort, and passed among the cabins outside, where they found a throng of the villagers surrounding the captain of horse. thieves, and listening with great edification to, and deriving no little amusement from, his account of the last achievement of the Jib. benainosay. Of this, as it related no more than the young Bruce' had already repeated - namely, that while riding that morning from the north side, he had stumbled upon the corpse of an Indian, which bore all the marks of having been a late victim to the wandering demon of the woods-we shall say nothing; but the appearance and conduct of the narrator, one of the first, and perhaps the parent, of the race of men who have made Salt River so renowned in story, were such as demand a less summary notice. He was stout, bandy-legged, broad.shouldered,bull-headed, ugly, and had a villainous look; yet with an impudent, swag goring, joyous self-esteem traced in every feature, and expressed in every action of body, that rather disposed the beholder to laugh than to be displeased at his appearance. An old blanket or wrap-rascal, once white, but now of the same muddy brown hue that stained his visage-and once also of sufficient length to defend his legs, though the skirts had long silince been transferred to the cuffs and elbows, where they appeared in huge patches-covered the uuper part of his body: while the lower boasted a pair of buckskin breeches and leather wrappera somewhat its innor in age, but its rival in mud and macu lation. An old round fur hat, intended originally for a boy, and only mado to fit his head by hbing split in sundry places at the bottom, thus leaving a dozen yawning gaps, through which, as through the chinks of a lattice, stole out as many stiff bunches of black hair, gave to the capital excrescence an air as ridiculousas it was truly uncouth; which was not a littleincrcased by the absence of one side of the brim, and by a loose fragment of it hang ing down on the other. To give something martial toan appearance in other respects so outlandish and ludicrous, he had his rille, and other usual equipments of a woodsman, in cluding the knife and the tomahawk : the first of which he carried in his hand, swinging it abcnt, at every moment, with a vigour and apparent carelessness well fitted to discompose a nervous person, had any such happenedamong his auditors. As if there was not enough in his figure, visage, and attire, to move the mirth of beholders, ho added to other attrac tions a variety of gestures and antics of the most extravagant kinds, dancing, leaping, and dodging about, clapping his hands and cracking his heels together, with the activity, restless ness, and, we may add, the grace, of a jumping jack. Such was the worthy, or unworthy, son of Salt River, a man wholly unknown to his history, though not to local and traditional fame, and much less to the then inhabitants of Bruce's Station, to whom he related his news of the Jibbenainosay, with that emphasis and im portanco of tone and manner which are m-ost significantly expressed in the phrase of "laying down the law." As soon as he saw the commander of the station appreaching, he cleared the throng around him, by a skip and a hop, seized the colonel by the band, and, doing the same with the s'ldier, before Roland could repel him, as he would have done, " Glad to see you, cunnel ;-same to you, stranger-What's the nows from Vir. ginnio? Stranger, my name's Ralph Stack pole, and I'm a ring-tailed squealer ! " 'IThen, Mr Ralph Stackpolo, the ringtailed squealer," said Roland, disengaging his hand, " bese good as to pursue your business, without regarding or taking any notice of me." "'Tarnal death to me!" cried the captain of horse thieves, indignant at the rebuff. " I'm a gentleman, and my name's Fight! Foot and hand, tooth and nail, claw and mud-scraper, knife, gun and tomahawk, or any other way you choose to take, I'm your man ! Cock-a doodle-doe !" And, with that, the gentleman jilmped into the air, and flapped his wings, as much to theastonishment of the provokerof his wrath, as of any other person present. "Come, Ralph." said the commander of the station, "whar'd' you steal that brown mar' thar'?"-nquestion whoseabruptness somewhat quelled the ferment of the man's fury, while it drew a raarof laughter from the lookers-on. "Thar itis ! " said he, striking an attitude, and clanpping a band on his breast, like a man who felt his honor unjustly assailed. "Steal ! steal any horse but an Ijun's I Whar's the man dar's insinivato that? Blood and massa. cree ation ! whar's the man ? " " H'ya," said Bruce, very composedly. "I know the old rnr' belongs to Peter Harper, on the north side." "Your right, by Hooky!" cried Roaring Ralph; at which admission of his knavery the merriment of the spectators was greatly in creased; nor was it much lessened when the fellowproceeded to aver,that he had borrowed it, and that with theexpress stipulation that it should beleft at Bruce's station, subject to the ordersof its owner. "Thar, cunnel," said he, " tha's the beast; take it; and just tell the one you mean to lend me,-for I must be off afore sunset." "' And whar are you going? " asked Bruce. "To St. Asaph's,"-which was a station some 20 or 30 miles off,-replled Captain Stackpole. "Too far for the Regulators to follow, Ralph,"said Colonel Bruce; at which the young men present laughed loander than ever. and eyed the visitor in a way that eeomed both to die. concert and offend him. "Cunnel," said he, "you're a man in authority, and my superior oflicer: wharfo' thar' can be no scalping between us. But my name's Tom Dowdle, the ragmanl!" he screamed, suddenly skipping into the thickest of the throng, and sounding a note of lefiance; " my name's Tom Dowdlo, the ragman, and I'm for any man that insults me; long-leg or leather-breeches. green-shirt or blanket-coat, land.trotter orriver-roller-- I'm the man for a massacree!" Then giving himself a twirl upon his foot, that would have done credit to a dancing-mnater, he proceeded to other antic demonstrations of hostility, which, when per formed in after years on the banks of the Lower Miseissippi, by him and his worthy imitators, were, we suspect, the cause of their receiving the name of the mighty alligator. It is said, by naturalists, of this monstrous reptile, that he delights, when the roturning warmth of spring has brought his fellows from their bolese and placed them basking along the banks of a swampy lagoon, to dart into the centre of the expassnae, and challenge the whole field to combat. He roars, he blows the water from his nostrils, he lashes it with his tail, he whirls round and round, churning the water Into foam, until having worked himself into a proper fury, he darts back again to the shore to seek an antagonist. Had the gallant captain of horse-thieves boasted the blood, as he after wards did the Lame, of an "alligator half. breed," heeould scarcely have conducted him. self in a way more worthy of his parentage. He leaped into the centre of the throng, where, having found elbow-room for his purpose, he performed the gyration mentioned before, fol loring it up by other feats expressive of his hostile humour. lie flapped his wings and crowed till every chanticleer in the settlement replied to the note of battle; he snorted and neighed like ahorso; he bellowed like a buill; hebarked like a dog : he yelled likeau Indian; he whined like a panther; hhoowled like a wolf, until one wonid have thought he was a living menagerie, comprising within his single body the spirit of eveary atimal noted for its love of conflict. Then, not content with such a display of readiness to fight the field, he dartedcirem the centro of the area allowed him for his exerdse, and invited the lookers-on individually to battle. "Whar's your buffalo. bull," he cried, " to cross horns with the roarer of Salt River ? Whar's your full-blood colt that can shake a saddle off P hi'var's an old nag can kick off the top of a bckal.eye! Whar'e your cat of the Knobs ? your wolf of the Rolling l'rairies? h'yar's the old brown b'ar can claw the ba:k of a gum-tree ? H'yar's a man for you, Tom Brace! Shame to yenou, Sim Roberts ! to you, Jimmy Big-nose ! to you, and to you, and to you I Ar'n't I a ring tailed squealer ? Can go down- Salt on my backr, and swim up the Ohio! Whar's the man to fight Roaring Ralph Steckpole ?" (TO snR ico.TIOE n.) 