MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM A SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT). The Pascoe Vale Ministry has stalled badly. Their labor bureau appear to have bad the effeet of drawing more unemployed men to Melbourne than existed in it formerly, while it has not succeeded in finding work for many of thorn, except at tho swamps, whoro labor cannot profitably bo omployod in tho winter. A friend of mine, who happened to ho driving through that portion of tho western district lately, says that tho wbolo country round Conduh resembles a lake, and consequently tho Inutility of employing mon to work nt swomp drainage must ho apparent. As that poor follow who was interviewed nt Portland pointed out, the men had to work at Condah up to their waists in water, and then could not, at best, make more than twenty-one shillings a week,and were charged fifteen shillings a week out of it for tucker. Tho fact that they wore sent Up without some bettor provision than this being made for tbo supply of food to them is significantly indi cative that the arrangements were imperfect from being burned. Fifteen shillings a week is an extortionate sura to ohargo a laborer for Bolter and food In a district wore mutton is cheap and firewood available nt all times. Fight shillings should bo ample. At tho Mel bourne police depot tho men arc lodged, receive turco meals a day, with coffee at all hours, and many other advantages, such as billiard, recreation and smoking rooms for far loss than was charged to thoso unfortun ate laborers, and yet the contractor for sup plying thorn makes money, while any of our cheap restaurants will hoard and lodge a man for fourteen shillings a week. And this in tho city, whoro rents aro high and have to be allowed for, whore fuel and light is dear, and meat is not as cheap as in thccountry dis tricts. I do not want to gird nt tho manage ment of tho bureau, for tho task before them ts an onerous and immense one, but before mon aro despatched in nu indiscriminate way sort of woy up country, there should bo some provision made for feeding and sheltering them until they got to tho work to which they aro sent. They ought not to bo expected to sit 1 out all night in a paddock round a fire with out food. In tho Parliamentary world the sensation of tbo week, next to tho Pasooo Vale scandal has been tho laying up of Mr. Wheeler, mainly caused by insomnia, tho result of overwork. In all probability this is tbo ! prelude to Mr, Whoclor’s retirement from the Cabinet at no distant data Ho is sixty years of ago—a time of life when tho tasks ho has to perform and the burdens ho boa to bear are no light onus, and they are made tbo harder for bun inasmuch as ho is naturally of a nervous irritable disposition, - Gladstone’s remark that ho always dismissed all public affairs from his mind tho instant ho prepared to sleep would not apply to him. Uo would bo more of Bright’s habit who rejoined, “I would bo happy if I could do that; I always think of my speeches in bod.” Wo shall miss tho active, vehement Minister when his time comes to bo soxagonorianised, but it is pretty evident that ho cannot - stand tho strain ho has endured lately. Tho Cabinet is not one wherein tho work of administration is evenly shared, too much of tho responsibility falls upon a fow, (i Mr. Zeal has established a pleasant custom since ho entered upon office. Every Tuesday evening during tho refreshment hour ho gives a little dinner, tho guests numbering usually about ton, though on one occasion there were fourteen, and consisting 'entirely of his brother members of tho council and a fow specially invited from tho Assembly. Tho little repast takes place in tho president’s room during the refreshment hour and is likely to prove one of thoso social innova tions that have come to stay. Society is in a bit of a flutter at hearing that another titled aidc-do-eamp is to bo added to tho court of Domain Hill. What do thoso A.D.C. do, and what is tho attraction which brings tho nobles of England to Victoria, literally in heaps. It is not tho salary, for an A.D.C. only receives £300 a year and an “extra," only tho honor of attaching tho initials, and tho run of his tooth. At tho present time wo have Lord Rosobill, Lord Northosk, tho Honorable button Willoughby and Captain Do Moleynos, all assisting to maintain tbo dignity of the court, besides all tho local gentlemen who can bo called upon at any timo to rondor sorvico ns assistant aides, and who constitute a formidable body guard. Tho real right hand man of tho Governor is, of course, Captain Wellington, who stands on a vory different stipendiary foot to tho aides, .being practically a sorb of confidential phonograph of his excellency himself. Bub those titled A.D.C., all of whom scorn to have an intense mission to do nothing but sort visiting cards and talk over tho names of people to oo invited to guber natorial entertainments, always appear to bo like delicate perfumes, something too awfully nice to be exhibited indiscriminately and al ways best kept bottled up. The public servants have christened tho Pasooo Valo railway their line, because they say it is to bo built out of tho deduction from thoir earnings. Tho Ministry, on tho other hand, seem determined to push on with tbo construction of it ? and I cannot quite dolor mine whether this is more bounce masking the intention to drop tbo matter whoa tho hubbub has been stilled a bit,or whether .they are riding for a fall. Is it right that a ghost should frighten a Minister of War? This happened some little timo back, when Colonel Sargood, at that timo Minister of Defence, was sitting in one of tho summer houses of thoso lovoly gardens of Ripon Lea. Suddenly ho became conscious that seated opposite to him there was a white shcclhd ghost,with masked face and gibbering mouth, and atteqpatod claws, altogether, though ho smelt more of disinfectant than of sulphur, a disagreeable being. It vanished as strangely as it appeared, and, well, it may bo confessed, tho Minister was a little bit upset. Macbeth was a pretty renowned individual in tho warrior trade, but you will remember ho exclaimed on one occasion— “ What man dare, I dare, Approach thou like tho rugged Russian boar, The armed rhinoocrous or the Hyrian tiger, Take any shape but that, and my firm nerves •Shall never tremble or bo alive again, And dare mo to tho desert with thy sword; If trembling I exhibit, then protest mo Tho baby of a girl. Hence,, horrible shadow Unreal mockery hence.” And tho gibbering ghost “henced,’’and what is more,frightening the Minister of War was his final coup for ho has never since been soon. Tho terms of his wager were that ho was to keep up these ghostly appearances for throe months. Ho did, and won tho hot. Police officers aro often brought into contact with phases of mischief making which appear unaccountable, because tho executor of them derives no advantage thereby, but one of tho strangest of thoso was apparent a few days back, in tbo prosecution of a boy of only ton years of age, who had broken forty panes of glass in South Melbourne alone. Ho hailed from Ascot Valo and was sent to South Mel bourne on a visit to bis aunt there, who one morning on awaking found every pane in tbo front window of iho bouse she occupied had been smashed. Tho next night all the back ones shared tho like fate. Information was given and the police kept a special eye to that’house for days, but still windows con tinued to be smashed all round the neighbor hood until at last, as said before, forty panes had boon broken. At length tho young cul prit was detected, brought before the magis trates and discharged with a caution. Noth ing in this you will say, but an ordinary police court' case, but in reality a great deal more. This precocious urchin had developed tho art of throwing his missiles behind his back. Thus bo would stand looking into a window on tho east side of a street and deftly fling Ins stone through those on the west side to which his back was turned. Passers by or shopkeepers who heard tho crash never thought of associating it with tbo boy who was. quietly contemplating tho window of tbo establishment oppome. Our public offices at tho eastern end of the city, now present the appearance of an exag gerated radish, half white, half rod. The southern face,which has now been finished in white, may fairly bo said to bo a disgrace to tho city. Tiio original stucco never appeared particularly attractive, but. now that it has been colored a ghastly white it looks simply hideous. In no instance does tho contrast between Melbourne and Sydney make us ' show to greater disadvantage than in tho architecture of our public buildings, tho Par liament Houses and Law Courts excepted. In Sydney tho splendid freestone, always avail? able, is used in most ornamental fashion, and is loft to stand out in its native simplicity “ unmixed with baser matter,” such as stucco and paint." 1 Tho extent to which tbo money of colonists is appreciated in England has every week some fresh verification. Only this week there comes from Northamptonshire an eight-paged, handsomely illustrated pamphlet, representing tho manor of Horrowdon, for ages tbo seat of tho family of do Vaux, one of which, Thomas,published in tbo “Paradise of Dainty Device,” that very grave-digger’s song which Shakespeare has handed down to us in Ham let. Harrowden Hall, which stands in twenty i acres of pleasure grounds, is now utilised as I a training, institute for young ladies, and the conditions of education there show what a change has come into tbo system of school teaching in England. The principal, Miss Mortimo Rendon, is an M.A., with honor certificate, and the professor of French also holds tho M.A. degree. The teacher of Ger man is a frauloiri from Maldan university, and those who instruct in tho pianoforte, j singing, the violin, drawing and'painting are respectively,pupils of Liszt, Gracia, Carrobus, and Calderon. The toms, are twenty-five guineas per term, with a largo number of , extras, but if we look back about twenty years, how impossible would it, have, been" to obtain such an education as is 'bore offered for oven twice that sum. , 