? [COPl'KISHT.] Ferabreok's Double. A Romance of Maoriland, '?, PROLOG! UU. THE ?nUUNIKO SCriOONEH. . j ' By Atha Westbury. . Oiiiheavenins of 10t|> Decembor, 18—, the '' Durham Castle" merchant ninn/ 2000 s tons register,:lay like n luigo lr,g upon the watera. In the breathloBS stin'nco?' of ;, a ! tropical 'afternobni tho air- \yas- hot 'and heavy t 'and the sky ilbmieii" and> clgudle'ss. ?; Therq; was not it p.iff of wind.to rufllu rtho surface of tho ocoan, upon which, tho ship roso and foil with, the mpnotony s !pf,.ircloek's "pendu- \-- :,K -?[??'?; :.;?? '?~.''?"'.:'? :; \- r v;'rho sun; ha<t just got low, onouglt to poop benoath tho;awn;ng that cdvcred.tho , poop. acclc ( and spread. itaraya athwart the lijluro'bf i? ipan.asloop. on tho cabin Bky-: li?ht. Savefor : the man at tho wheel, 'aiid" another at 'tho quarter "railing, tlio aloopor was alone on .the deck. In the absence of a brouzo, the{ship rolled and lurched on the;hoaving sea, her idle sails (1 ipping againafc ,tho mast with a regular reaiirriiig'';nbtso, .and: her bowsprit rose higher with tho swell of tho water, ouly (u dip again the next moment with a jork that made ;ertch rope tremble and tauten^ The Durham Castle had boon sixty five Hays out from tho Land's Eiid, and was fast approaehingher r destination, when a dead, sleepy calm environed tho vessel as if she had entered the Dead Sea. ???':'.? The appearance of tlio ship differed in . t that of an.ordinaiy liner,' P except porhSps that' shp : carried a.more ; .than ordinary complement of passengers. ' ThoMntchsc'hbat had driven thesi) below, ; somp;tpi'nddlgo in cirds arid other games, I and tho romaindor to sleep ! - —ltkbVtiio man reposing on tho cabin ? skylight.' .By "and'by, as tho Bun sunk ; i lower down on the: vast area of golden ' nzuro, thiijpersonago awoke. Stretching ; .himself Jtttirr i-ho raaifirier of a ponderous ? throw aquick glance upward at \ tlio tlappiiig sails,' and then called out in ' a loud voicp— V ,".. ?"?" ;? . .;''''?'' ) ~ ?* : lAjr'iirtl "tlifero ;' ".!?:,.!' '?' Ayo;3yo capt'n," replied the, mail \ forward. V. "Pass tho word for Mr Jones," ho ciied, then rising and advancing towards tho binnacle. .?.??"' " No sign of a change yet, Bonaon," he exclaimed. "Nona whatever, Captain," responded tho man nt tho wheel. " There isn't.as 'much' wind as would fill a paper bal ? loon." Jfr Jones, tho chiot officer of tho Dur ham Castlo, a bandy-leggod, big beardod, grull'-.'oicod son of Neptune, waddled on deck, and drew near his superior—Cap jtiifrJonp Bowman.- - ; ':'? "rlluef the topsails, and haul fast tho ]forcsheet a>.d jib, Mr Jonos," said tho jakippor. We may as well mako evory thiiig snug for the night. ?'.; Tho commotion ovorhoad roused tho Ktton'ioii of tho passongers, who flockod on deck to watch; and some to help tho crow.in taking in sail. Many were hero who cast anxious glancei over tho broad expanse of waters, in search of tho first glimpao of that now land, which for tho future was to .bo.their homo. OtUors .{.licro wpro, aud of thbso not a few, who were returning home again from a visit to thut older and former home. Tho colo nist, : tho emigrant, tho needy, and tlio \\\v\l-to-do, all crowded together to watch the fun'gpdown into the vast sea in all his glory of crimson and gold. v " How many .days beforo we reach jsorti captain. 1" asks a tall, burly sheep farmer, returning to'his station on the Patoa, from a trip to Scotland. '? Well, I reckon if wo have no hotter wind than wo've had lately, wo shall reach Auckland about Tib'a Eve, which, by tho wiiy,ris neither before or after Christ, mas," replied tho skipper, laughing. ." o!i,but I trust to oat my Christinas diiinor iuGlenboak with-tho Missus and weana," replied tlio farmer. "I hope so," rejoined Captain Bow man ; "neat's paw will waft us into porti if wa can only got it." :" Thou wo aro near land ?" ''Very nea: 1 . According to my calcu lation the Groat Barrier is not a hundred knots distant. I oxpect to sight its peak every hour." Tho news soon spread, and when tho dinner boll rang there assembled a glad lomo array of faces in tho saloon and tho fore part of tho ship to congratulato each other that tho end of tho long and tedious voyago was drawing near. ;D:irkness came apaco with host a of stars, which were mirrored on tho bosom of tho glassy sen, like unto some wonderful floor studded with diamonds. On deck tho aro standing in knots, laugh ing and chatting and smoking. "Pine night !" says ono of these—a well-made, Boldiorly-looking old gentle man, striding np to the captain, and join ing his paco.with that of tho skipper. ??! "No signs of a broczo yet, though, Colonel Langroovo." " How provoking 1" Just then, from out of tho violet haze that hung over tho horizon, a slrango glare of light broke; <" Hallo 1" exclaimed tho colonol ; "did youseo that?" ?0 iptain Bowman rubbed his eyes "I saw/it distinctly— a flash of light." iCvory one on dock had seen it. "Sir Tromain, tho second officer, saw something like that before dinnor, Thero mint be thunder in the air," responded tlie captain, passing into his cabin for his njght glass.. Ere tho skipper returned a thin streak of light shot up for an instant, then i=ank agnin; Tho captain had seen it. Tho ing his glasses in tlio direction, ho looked long and carefully, "What is it, air?" interrogated tho colonol. " I can hardly make it out," replied tho captain, still looking intently thrcugh his glass. ?' There seems to rest a tiny blsok eloud on the estreme end of the weetorn horizon -and if it was'notr for thv> crim son sky I ehoulfl sny ihcro waa flime with tho cloud. :, .?"? ?'??? ? >MVhnfl Afire?"- '? : : .. :'? ?. ; -:VAyo.!";., ;'. :':' ?' : '.., ; ;.:,. : :'-[:^ . ; Aii hour luter ono Bimu';\i!ieoiis %x \--clanmtioh burst front 'nil iho watcliqrs on deck. From out tho gloom thoro roffo a column of flamo that lighted up tho night for the' space of two aeconda, and then fell, leaving a dull red spark upon iho water. ,-.... ? " It ia a ship on firo, gentlemen.!".cried the 'captain, and in tho name broath an order was given to lower n boat. Tho long boat was in, tho water in a few-ininiites, and Mr Jonas stood'b.y_. the gaiigway awaiting .further ordera; from his chief... ???-.?;? ?. ' ?"'??". ;? ~ - ,"Shor doos >not appear a very largo ship," rcapoiidod tho capfcnin, in anVwor to a qiib.VMoh put by some .one near. " A fore-and-aft nchooner, f should say, by:tlie cutjpf, lior ; butaho ia a. ldng:';way toloe\yardy a good ten miloe. or; nio?e,f Mr Jonoa." :'???.? .'?,.'.'.. ??;'??????? -?-? ? ...,". Ayo f :aye, flir.". ::; ;.-'?:'; ?? (r : ;";"'i , '.?'Put : a keg of water and a flask' of brandy aboard ; then call tho ?witch; 1 ' " "Poor doyils ; they will be roasted like ehestnuta," inuttored the colonel, as the glow in tho s'liy ,became moro and moro intense. '_-.>..,.'. .:.'...- ~'? '?' "They've gbtthoirpwn , boate,'.' Captain Bpwman, coolly ; and you'may be certain they will mako uso of them. Iv the iiieautinie I'll: show , them ttat there'E aorao ono noiir. There, they'll see that, he added, aa ft rosket rose up ward with, its ghastly flamo in tlio' air. ?".M.rJonos, man thu-long boat with aix men. You may toko a volunteer or two from any of those gentlemen willing to go with you." r-In a moment a scoro proffered thoir servioe?, but only-a relay, for tlio oars wero eelected, and tho boat puahed off into tho darkness. ; Tho sea appoared oil rather than water. Hugo foamless billows rolled onward without a sound—nay. the vory stillness of tho air aecsmed emptied of .sound, aavo for tho dip of the oara, whiek wa3 re echoed in apaco by aaucccaaion of strange impre?siona liko voices. Tho men pulled with a will. 'As the blades struck the dark eloment it flashed fire, and. the track of tho boat resembled a sea snako writhing through a lake of ailver. '' ' "Givo-'way, lads!" urgea tlio" niato with a cheery yoico, and tho rowoia, with set teeth and compressed lips, propel tho little vessel along with tho ppee.d f>f a steam yacht.. By and by they .iin a cloud of emoko which hangs i.. u r. tho crimsoned waters, and the order is given to case offalittlo. The burning ahip is close at hand now. Mr Jones wondera that no boats havo boon met with. Rais ing hia voice ho bida his exhausted crow lay on their oara ; then ho hails tho burn ing vessel. ; She ia a huge, clumsily built schooner, with groat: breadth of boam. Though the firo had only bbou aeon but an hour or two ago by those on the Durham Castlo, tho craft was already a wreck, and ap peared completely de'aortod. Amidships and the lower deck was ono maaa of Qamo. Her ports presented great charred rifts and gaps, where the rod hot firo glowed as through tho bars of a gigantic furnace. Tho niasta had gone by the board, und trailed a blackened wreck in tho water. Tho flames still roared liko a cataract, amidst hugo volumes of amoko, which rolled nway liko a cloud over tho sea. Tho mate pulled slowly round the atom, and huilud tho deck again and again. Still thero waa no answer, though tho Hood of light that dyed tho water Btruok outovory epar and ropo as distinct and clear ns noon-day. "What 13 lior nanio, men ? Can you aoe!" roared tho mate through hia handa. as the boat drew nearer. : One of tho men in tho bow stood up, aid ahading hie eyes with his. handa, called out— " It ia tho ' Seagull, , sir 1" "The Seagull? From where?" ' " Sydney, New South Wales !". again cried tho bowman, amid the roar of flamca. , ,-?-,' "Tliat wi]l do. Back water men. Round with her. .There is uot a living soul lioro,", cried tho ollicor, and ho gayo tho order to pull back to the ahip. ! 'Mr Jones was mistaken though. . -'Through the-gloom, in tho cloud of thick Binoko, two men lay to in a boat. Tho oars wore in thoir handa, but thoy did not uso them. With strain ing oyes thea'o two pcraonages watched tho movements of Mr Jonea and hie com panions with all absorbing interost. Onco when the inato passed near on his return, one of them put out hia hand as if to call out, but the other with a quick movo mens, seized him by tho throat, and mut tered, in a Binpthered angry tono, ''fool 1 would you botray us?" Ho hold him down until tho othora had passed by, and left tho lurid mass but a rod speck in tho distance. . ; -.When day broko, and thu Durham Caatle a))pe:iroil but a speck upon tho vast surface of water*, those two solitary men hoisted an old tattered sail thoy had with tliem iv the bout, and sailed away from ,tho charred wrock of tlio ill-fated schooner, steering a course almost duo weat. CHAPTER I. ; I'isr.NnnooK. No spot in tho wholo Southern Hemis phere can bonst such a rufrgod and int. posing const lino as Now Zenlaud. On its most norlhorii ledgo towore tho Groat Barrier Rock?-tha first point on which tho ocoam tossed mariner rests his weary eye —tho first lund Boon when bearing up for Mnoriland. A atrango land this. Along its uhoros tho vision encounters huge mid mystic shapes nt every turn of tho at'ft lyall. Here, tho Colossus of Rhodes ; thore a ponderous Sphinx, ris ing sheor ivbovo its fellows, and whoso base,has boon lapped by the restless waves for a thousand years. - Truly, a strange country ie this of To waite, the Maori, and the most myetio and awe- inspiring spot of all is that of tho Burner Rock. Savo tho Firo Mountain of Tongongorai it ia-the grandest and also tlw highest poinfrin Now Zealand. It is a gigantic, mount, us largo na Gibraltar, and equally ringed in by tho sea, except at the v.vsteni end, where thoro is a nar row strip .of kauri forest, which links it wii'li. the 'mainland.' -~'. Viewed from tho sen the; Barrier: pre sents the v.]y irmic'o of an exact cono up to within fi.iy yards of its top. Thoro tho sloping ends. ' ISoyond it }a treeless, and as bare fthd buld as tho crown of a friar ; i'lthprwiiiu the side 3 of tho giant guardian of Maorilaiid arc densely wooded to the waters edge. Singular indeed; betimes, irthfttreo less summit. Seampd mnl ; :nne<l, its euri'aco is mottled with ;i 'h /tii.iKC, which, during the sunliy ?.' Mid oven 'under' tho mellower beam's u?.t!<o moon, gives forth a coruscation, jis if tho lights wero reflected from aca|o armour. Riven rocks, with deep yawning chasms, aro ovcrywhuro around, it, Mid tho atrango glow is over all.; No northern painter in primeval day ever droamed of forma so mighty, so grotesque, as Booroa to look down upon you from the rocks around. 'It'required only a very meagre, stretch of the imagination to people those heights rtud depths'. with'A race of Titans, to,con-, jure up the sculptor nt his work, rudo though it may be, after all tho countlesa ages that hiuro passed. .','.'.' ?On tho southern side of tho Barrier, and within a milo of that narrow neck of earth which joined the groat rock to the mainland, stood a largo and solidly built mansion. . Its position was abroad; slop. ii)!{ ridge, which ran''parallel with the base of tho mount for more than half its. cntiro length, ovorlopking v lovely valley. The architectural stylo of tl'is building was almost aa quaint and us strong as Iho natural walls of rock surrounding it. Thirty years proviou3,to tho opening of this story, Colonel Harry. Fernbrook—a handsome, dashing spendthrift, who had run through a largo fortu.no iii London, sold hia commission, and. with the money emigrated to New Zoalaud and purchased the Barrier Hock and it 3 adjacent land from old To Huri, the Maori chieftain, and thero mado his futuro homo. Tho colonel, who was a bachelor, had not been settled twolvo montliH at tho Rock ore ho fell in love, and married Myra Hilton, a Maori half-cast girl of great beaufy, and heiress to immense woalth. ? One eon only was tho issuo of thU mar riage—Hilton Ferubrook. . The boy was sixteen years old when ho lost his parents by a boating uccident off tho Barrier during a equall, and the duty of tho youth's personal .welfare dovolvod upon Itita, a tall silent Maori woman who had been Mrs Fornbrook's nurao and chief domestic. : A bold, weird looking is this around tho Barrier Rock, with its gliston. ing ninnaclo?, its far recoiling poalc? and downs of worn rock with tho setting sun full upon them, and lighting up many a gloomy doll bolow. ...--'? Hero whero tho sun glinted upon the faco of tho 'cliff an iris , might bo seen shining amidst the fleece-like vapor. But raro was tho eyo that beheld this beauti- , ful.phenomenon, for tho place had the reputation of being haunted. Fow there are in our day who beliovo in ghosts. This go-a-head era of telephones and telegraphs has grown out of all that; Wo have become too matter-of-fact and prac tical for such humbug. Nevertheless, ho was a bold follow who would vonturo alono into tho dim and dismul region of that ravine, and not fool tho influence of the place upon , hia nerves. It was ovidunt some daring mortal had ignored Iho peril, for a tiny spiral column of smoko could bo seen ascending from tho hauntod depths of the ravine upward to whore a kind of stairway was traced, formed of crecpors, tho outstanding stems serving as steps. ?? . . It was only by standing upon tho very outer lodge above; and parting tho folingo that screened it that tho emoko could bo seen ; and if only superficially observed, it might easily Jmvo been mistaken for a atring waif of the fog , that floated above tho waterfall near which it rose. Closely scrutinised, howover, its bluo color and soft filmy hazo rendered it rocognisablo as tho amoko of ft wood fire, and. ono that must have boon made by some human hands. ? Under tho branches of a largo kauri standing by the edgo of tho lagoon a cauoo of rudo construction was moored by ft twisted piece of supplejack attached to tho treo.. Nor was this tho only indi cation of tho- preaenco of mio. Oloso under tho cliff, and near whoro the tor rent came tumbling down from tho rocks stood a kauri pine of enormous dimon sioii?. Its butlreesod trunk covered a surfaco of more than' forty feet in di ameter, and tlio top rose nearly to tho brow of tho cliiF, with n thick foliago upon it which completely shut out the views overhead.. Beneath it stood o wharo, or Maori hut, constructed of flax thonga and ruahos, with a door opening out to the p:itli up the rock. Few, and simple indeed woro tho articles of furni turo in this primitivo abode. A-couch mado from two poles interlaced with dried flax and forn thereon, formed a bed, a Eli3ct of bark placed upon four stakes for a tablo, and a kauri log for a seat. Save an old tin kettlo and ono or two utensils, .there waa nothing elao in tho catablish mcut in tho way of goods and chattols. Against the walla hung a variety of singu lar objects. Tho akull and tusks of a eavago boar, enormous bate, with human liko faces, ugly. enakoa, Btringa of teeth and beads, and quaint images carved in wood. ' Squatting by tho door of tho wharo was a Maori smoking a black, short clay pipe. Ho was of gigantic proportions, and frightfully tattooed over every part of hie faco. Between his broad shoulders was not a bull-liko hoad almost necklnss. This poreonago waa ovidently watohing and wailing for tho appearance of some ono oxpeotcd by way of tho cliff, for at tho slightest sound he would crane himself and liaton intently. At such times his back was bent liko a bow, presenting a great hunch, partly tho effect of advanced age, ? and partly from natural malfor mation. ? Tho Maori's cqetumowna in keeping withhi3 abodo. A short thick ttimba (cloak) of mica, jack boots, ,| much worn, togothor with a blanket formed into a toga (coat), completed his costume! At his.haiid stood ft double-barrelled gun, with ii shot bag manufactured from tho skin of Diimo wild animal. Whoover the individual might bo for whom the old Maori watched nhd waited; did lint lippear to hurry', for tho sun'be gan to dip into tho sea uway boyond the Tonga Reef cro tho expected personage rnado ltia appearance. ? ? - ;??"'?"??? In tho fast deepening twilight tho form of a maii appeared nt thoapox of thoclifl*, who gave npeculiar cry, in imitation of thetolio. 1 Tlio Miiovtbolow immediately sprang to his feet at the ibund, and began climbing up tho face of tho jagged rock J with astonishing .rapidity!- Tho lngoon rennhed, ho unfustcried tiio canoe from its ? moorings,; aiid .paddled,across t? whorb , tho man stood for whom ho had been "waiting. There was just light sufficient to boo that this latter personage was a littlo: hardy-looking young "man, and with a form as litho (md aiipplo ns an co!. \ His face, thougti" bearing iio pafticulai? i'hdl cationa/ of, manly; :beauty,- denoted ;botU daring and cunning in a remarkable de groo, otherwise thoro was nothine to mark the man from any ordinary mortal, ex coptwhbnho opened his mouWj then ono felt a du- agreoablo sensation, as may bo felt at tho growl of a imnther or the croak of a raven. , ' ; "??.'' In a very short time the pair recrossed the lagoon and descended t)io clilT., Not a word passed between? them till thoy reached the hut. There tho Pakchn (white man) threw himself upon therudo couch, nud' emitted a long whistlo of relief. . ..-.' , . . "So this is the Great Barrier, is it ?" he. criod, with a mild irony in his un pleasant voioo. '' I gue?S I'vo seen somo few places on this globe besides Now Zea land,. but hang mo as high as Captain Bragg if ever I saw anything to compare with thia. Thoro isn't a level ? yard of terra jinna ?oh the entire rock. If ono wants to go ovor tho way to visit ono'a neighbour, although thoro aroino neigh bours .hereabouts that I ennsbo, you can't do it und<3r fu'o or six miloa climbing. Faugh'!, givo mc a".'match;-Bpsoo." , : The huge Maori grinned, and at tho same time handed his white companion a curiously ciirved box containing veataa. '' Now, old follow, I'm going to roat licro fur half an hour," continued tho littlo man, lighting a cigar, and handing another to his companion. "In the in terim I want you to eeo that tho gear is put into tho boat "nil ready to mako a start." ??; ? ? ?'.?... "What, to-night ?" enquired tho Maori. "To-night, Bosco! The moon will be up in an hour. We will sail when there's light enough, if you plenso." The herculean savage gavo a grunt pe culiar to the Maori r.ico, lit liis cigar, nnd left tho hut. Tho other sat and emokod in silence, for somo time, until his thoughts found vent in audible mutter ings. ". Egad ! this is going the ticket, and no mistake," ho cried, taking the cigar from.his lips and apostrophising tho curling smoko' above his- head. ?." Hero am I, Timothy Sharps, alias tho Ferret, and valot-do-shom to .his greatness Mr Hilton Fernbrook, lord of tlio. Barrier Hock. Here am I, ambassador, courier, messenger, foreruunor, and what not, to .herald tho approach of my boss—maetor, I mean—to this his home, after nil nb eence of fivo yoai-3 spent, in England, nnd on the continont of. Uurope. Hal ha ! ha 1 it'a raro fun to be a gentleman, and to do the grand tour fts the boss and I havo dono for thoso years pact. Ho Iho I ho I" And tho idea so tickled tho risiblo muscles of the littlo man that ho rolled ovor tho bunk in a (it of uncontrollablo merriment. " Woll, well, I'vo done my iniaaion hero Eatiafactorily at any rate .'' when ho had recoverod himaolf. ?' One trump oaitl played, which will go far to win the game if proporly followed up." "Now,lot Hie glance onoo more over my instructions to muke euro I hnvo miased nothing. First to give Bosco; tho Maori, liulf a dozon lines scribbled in eomo out landish fashion that old Nick himEolf could riot read. The savago read it though, and dcucod glad and pleased ho soomed aftor it too. ' Ho placed' l.imsolf at onoo'ontiroly at my disposal, and put tho missive away in his dirty blanket as if it lmtl boon the Kohinoor. Second— received at tho hoiise-r-whcn I got there, that is. which took a tcrriblo time, nnd devili?h tired 1 folt, too, scraping my shins against tho sharp, steep rocke—ro ceiv edat tho house with open arms, nnd cspocinlly by that tall, dark pld sho cat— Ilitn, tho housukeepor. ' What an oye sho has, and what long claws for scratching. Humph 1 Ferret, you rascal, , bowaro of that Maori devil in. petticoats. How her withered' faco lighted up whon I told her that Master Hilton was coming homo. Ah, woll! if tho placodoesn't suit you, Timothy Sharpo, you enn pivo notice. Hal ha! ha 1 Lastly, I am not to delay my roturn; very well, Mastor Hilton Fornbrook. The wind is fair for our sixty milo journey, and" I'm glad it is so, for an opou fishing boat is not tho most safe and comfortable conveyanco on tho coast of Now Zealand on a dnrk night, and with a chopping soa on. Entrc hoiij, Ferrer, if tho wind holds tlio Master of Fernbrcok shall see thu faco of his humblo servant era to-morrow's dawn." "Who's there?' : Tho harsh voico croaked out tho latter exclamation fiercn. 1)-, and at tho samo instant a revolver wns pulled forth from the breast of hia but toned up coat, . . ; ?. "Bah! it's only Bosco returning," he cried, aftnr on intonoo pauao. " This in fernal c.on ot poaks nnd chasms would un nerve tho devil himsolf." lie had only timo to replace tho woapon in his coat whon the Maori re-entored tho wharo. " ? '?' " Well, the boat ia ready h' "Yes."!-' ? ' ; ? ? " ' " Oome then, lead the why Bosco," cried tho other, rising, and lighting a fresh cigar. My maetergavo mc positive orders to be back at Pukenhina by to-morrow morning , ."— To be Continual. FD 1 