E3. TWISTER'S PATIENT. '?yR. ERASMUS TWISTER waa seaUd in his consult-ing-rcom counting up hia fees, whon h -i inooh bo- battened boy brought him a ( '? d, 'Ah! Dr. Biip^s is intl-« waiMn?-''' '? ' uked the great XwUtor, the name. 11 Yusrir.' 'Good I When I sound tho gong show . Mm in.' ' Yus»ir.n And the boy of many buttons retired. The well-to-do doctor looked ab the card and chuckled. He put away his fees, and looked at hia watch. He had nothing to do, but it would be in very bad taste to let his young rival know that ; so he kept him waiting in the adjoining room while he trimmed his nails, yawned, turned over the pages of an illustrated magazine, and yawned again. ODce more he looked at his watch, and as he had kept his visitor wait ing twenty minutes he sounded the gong, and taking a shoot of paper began to write a prescription. Buttons introduced Dr. Briggs— a young nan of thirty or thereabouts, thin, anxious, with carefully-brushed clothes of professional cut, a little worn and shiny here and there. 'Oood morning, Mr. ? Ah ? ' ' Briygs.' ' Mr. Briggs, to be sure. Kindly tnko a :;at— I shall be disengaged in one minute. ' ' Don't hurry on my account, I beg.' 'Thank you. Hum— yes — ah — just so. And then the elder doctor put away Iris paper, and turning his chair round faccd his visitor with the most affab.le smile, and said, 'And now, Mr. Briggs, how are we this morning? How are we getting on with our new practice, hey ? Lots of patients — lotsof ises— rising man— brilliant prospects, hey?' ' No, sir. Up to the' present time I have not taken a single fee. .Jones, who sold me the practice, cheated me, sir. I trusted his word, and I have been shamefully deceived.' 'I'm very grieved to hear this. Tut! tut! very distressing indeed. And you 'iave a wife and a young family — two or ihree children, Mr. Briggs ?' ' Three, sir. My wife's money and my jwn are sunk in this practice, and the con stant anxiety and disappointment are break ing otir hearts, sir — slowly.' 'Dear, dear. Very shocking, to be sure. What, not ons patient ?' The doctor tried to look as if he regretted his brother practi tioner's ill fortune. ' One only, sir, and it is not certain that I shall get anything out of that one, without your assistance.' ' Anything, in reason, that I can do you may b« .-nro I shall do willingly. Anything — in reason.' ' I will explain it to you,' said Dr. Briggs, and after a pause he proceeded with some embarrassment — 'the case is a peculiar one. I am commissioned to find an authorised medical man to act with me in certifying the insanity of a young woman, whose parents desire to place her in a lunatic asylum.' Mr. Briggs dropped his eyes to the floor; Dr. Twister regarded him with a glance of suspicion. ' Nothing can be more simple, my dear Mr. Briggs, and I shall have great pleasure in acting with you if I find that the young woman you speak of in insane— and of course you would not make such a proposal to me unless you were perfectly convinced of the fact yourself.' 'That is the difficulty, sir,' said Dr. ' The young woman is perfectly reasonable on every point save une ; and on that she is as marl as can br She insists that her father and mother are conspiring to put her in an asylum in order that they may get the handling of a largo sum of money — lome fifteen or twenty thousand pounds — which become* hers at the age of twenty one.' ' Is it a fact that she is heiress to that fortune? ' ' Her father and mother strenuously deny it. They declare she has no money and never will have.' ' Do you believe the daughter is mad?' nsked Dr. Twister, fixing his eyes on the unfortunate and needv young practitioner. 11r. Kl-icruM eVftArl ™ Ki= nh-.tr under this scrutiny, and replied evasively — ' In the absence of proof to show that the father and mother are liars I am bound to believe them ; and, believing them, f can only regard the girl's assertion as a proof of insanity.' ' \'ery true.' Dr. Twister was far too prudent a doctor to let his suspicions be seen. 'Unfortunately,' said Dr. Briggs, 'unfor- tunately the appearance of the parents is against them.' ' How, my young friend ' In confidence I must inform you, sir, that Mr. and Mrs. Barker — that is their j name — are the most villainous-looking i couple I havo ever seen. One would be inclined to believe the daughter rather than the parents — if one allowed oneself to be prejudiced by appearances.' ' Of course, appearances in many cases .ire deceiving. Miss Barker is not repul sive?' '' Not at all. She is plain, but her con dition excite? compassion. She is young, and she is emotional. I admit that nine out of ten doctors would sympathise with her. and agree that her parents were conspiring infamously to destroy her for their own base ends. I admit, sir, that I hesitated to accept the commission offered me, and that I should fear resentment from any doctor but you, who know my position, and how necessary a patient is to my existence. I knew that at least I might depend upon your impartial consideration of the case if I laid it before you.' ' You did quite right. I shall be at liberty to-morrow afternoon, and we will go together and see Miss Barker. Depend upon It, I will consider her case with strict impar tiality.' Dr. Twister sounded the gong and rose. Dr. Brier ere nrnFiicc. f.Vtonl-o ' Two o'clock — afternoon — to-morrow,' paid Dr. Twister, smiling blandly, as Dr. Briggs, fumbling with his hat, bowed him self oub of the room. ' Hm !' said Dr. Twister, when he was ilone. 'This will about finish my pre lumptious young rival ! If, as I expect, I find that he is trying to shut up a poor girl in an asylum, my lady patients shall know it, and there'll be an end of any sympathy with my young friend, Dr. Briggs.' At two o'clock the following dav the two doctors repaired in Dr. Twister's ' pill-box ' to the outskirts of the town where the Barkers lived. They stopped before the great iron gates of a ragged, uncultivated garden, which surrounded a dilapidated and long uninhabited house. A murder had been committed in the house, and tlie ghost of the murdered individual was.said to haunt the place. For this reason, or because of Its particularly gloomy and dismal appear ance. the house had been to let for five years. If Miss Barker was not actually mad, incarceration in such a prison would be likely to make her so. This was thethought that passed through Dr. Twister's mind »s he looked through the gates and across the weedy space at the weather-stained house with its curtainless windows. A hi'h wall skirted the trrounds ; the gates we're locked. Dr. Briggs p'uLi. ; ''ice of string that communicated with inn boll ; . tho bell answered with a note liko a funeral knoll. A bent woman, with ragged groy hair, «nd a coloured handkerchief bound over one syc, came from the house. 'ilrs. Barker,' whispered Dr. Briggs. 'Hm. Husband's been beating her, I luppose?' ' I don't know. Her eye was all right festerday.' ' Oh, it's you, is it?' said Mrs. Barker, Iteing Dr. Briggs, and then sho slowly anlocked the gate, and took care to relock » oiieo the two doctors had passed through. ' 'la Mr. at home?' asked Dr. Brlges. ' Yes. - Yon'U find him in the front room. I'm a doing a bit o' washing.' Sho pointed to a row of ragged stockings and shirts dangling on a line stretched between bwo stunted trees. 'So I won't trouble to go indoors if you can find your way.' 'I can find my way perfectly well, said Dr. Briggs ; and ho led Dr. Twister up the steps, across the unswept hall, and into the front room. Three chairs and a deal table constituted tho furniture. A pewter pob and a clay pipe lay upon tho tableland in ono of the chairs sat a man in hn shirt sleeves sleeping, with his chin on his breast. A more blotchy, villainous-looking man could net be imagined. . , 'Mr. Barker,' whispered Dr. Briggs, and then he began to scrape his feet and cough to signify hie presence, f Mr Barker with a loud grunt raised his head, looked at his visitors stupidly through his half-closed eyes a minute, and then said, as he suddenly recognised Dr. Briggs, 'Ask your pardon, gents. 1 didn't 'spect you quite *8 early. If my wife wasn't such an old fool she'd a let me know.' With many apologies of this kind, Mr. Barker rose, put on the coat which lay on the floor, and smoothed down his short, stubborn crop of hair. „ ' I suppose you would like to see Martha, said he, when these personal attentions were completed. 'Of course; and the sooner the better, if you please,' said Dr. Twister, majes tically. ? , ' I'm 'bleeged for to keep her locked up, in case she should break out voilont, don't ye know,' said Mr. Barker, taking the key off a nail in the wall. He led the way upstairs, unlocked * door, and, throwing it open, revealed bis daughter. .She was a pale, thin girl, very neatly and simply dressed ; she sat by theopen window, which overlooked a brickfield, and had a book in her hand. Dr. Trister regarded her for two minutes in silence, and then turning to Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs, he said, very coldly— 'I wish to make my examination in private. Allow me to close the door.' This lie did, leaving Mr. Barker and Dr. Briggs on the outer side. Dr. Twister was closeted with Miss Barker for a long timo. ' I cannot form an opinion as to the state of Mis; Barker's mind until I have seen her several times,' said he to Mr Barker. ' I shall call again abot:t this hour to-morrow In the meantime, yoa must give heras much liberty as she requires, that I may see if that diminishes the hallucination — if hallucina tion it be — under which she at present suffers.' ' Liberty, sir,' «aid Mr. Barker. 'You don't suppose I'm going to lay myself open to all manner of trouble on account of her violence, do you ?' 'I will answer for it that she is not violent. No doctor — that is, no doctor with a reputation tosustain — will giveacertificate until lie has proved to his own satisfaction that his patient's disease is not curable by simple remedies.' ' Well, I don't mind letting her have the ruuof the garden.' ' That will suffice. Now, I am to under stand from you emphatically, Mr. Barker, that there is no ground whatever for your daughter's statement with regard to tho inheritances' her aunt's property?' ' Why, blow me, she ain't got no aunt — and never had one, as I know on. I can't say no more than that. As I said to Dr. Briggs here, 1 can't prove that nothing ain't which never wasn't, except by saying of it, can I !' ' Very good. I shall require that state ment in writing to-morrow.' ' I don't mind putting my hand to paper as fur as that goes,' said Mr. Barker, after some consideration. The doctor made a short bow, and retired with Dr. Briggs. ' .My young friend,' said Dr. Twister, when they were seated in the brougham, ' this is one of the clearest attempts at fraud which ever came' under my notice ; and were it not for consideration of your innocent wife and children, I should denounce you at r.nce as a participator in this most infamous conspiracy. ' Oh, my dear sir, I beg you to have mercy on my poor wife, -md to think oi my desperate situation.' 'I do. I also think with emotions of the tenderest kind of that unhappy young woman.' 'You think there is not the slightest cause for considering her a lunatic.' ' Not the slightest in the world. She is as sane as I am. But what might result torn the treatment of such a villain as her father I will not undertake to say. From such a fate I am resolved to save her if it is possible.' ' How, sir ? ' 'That is my secret,' said Dr. Twister. ' As you value my mercy, and as you dread exposure, you will second the efl'orts I make on behalf of that poor girl.' ' Be assured, sir, that I shall.' ? ? Dr. Twister made half-a-dozen visits to Miss Barker. Then he made a proposal to Mr. Barker. He undertook to take charge [ of Miss Barker for twelve months free of! expense But as Martha would be 21 in six months, her father emphatically refused to accept the offer. ' She is my daughter,' ?aid he, ' and she don't leave me until she enters a proper asylum. Not she.' Then Dr. Twister made a strong resolve. i 'Mi-. Rr.cr.TS ' snirt l,n nfK.- r,o,-i,w, fl,. I seventh visit to Miss Barker, ' I am resolved to save that girl at any cost, and I make no hesitation of disclosing my plan to ynu, as I can punish you at any moment by revealing your part in this nefarious scheme if you attempt to thwart, or if you refuse to assist my project.' 'I am in your hands, sir, and my conduct | will provo my gratitude better than my [words.' | ' Good. Now, I have arranged with Miss Barker — whom I find to be a vountr woman of decent education, of good feeling, and not untileasing appearance— to escape from her father's custody. Further, I have obtained a license and shall make her my wife. To-night, by means of a ladder, I shall carry her off, and to-morrow I shall have a legal right to protect her, and save her fortune from falling into the hands of that scoundrel her father. This will necessarily take me away from my patients for a couple of days at the least. During that time you will attend to them — and little as you may expect such generosity — I shall pay you for your services, shall take you round with me . this afternoon, and you will carry out my instruc tions with the utmost care.' _ Dr. Briggs overwhelmed his magnanimous rival with the expressions of his gratitudo, and called Heaven to aid the successful carrying out of the great Dr. Twister's humane scheme. Dr. Twister carried off Martha Barker and made her his wife. He wus in constant communication with Dr. Briggs and his patients, and finding that everything was goinjj on as well as could be wished, ho extended the length of his honeymoon. Indeed, with a wife who would soon be in lej^al possession of eighteen thousand pounds he could afford to neglect his practice, and take that holiday which ho had so lonjj denied himself. He found his wife, a very agreeable woman, and had no reason to repent his mitrrmgeunLil towards the end of the month, when his wife exhibited symptoms | of a most alarming kind. She said she felt much better. The change had done her ! good ; and she bejran to doubt the truth of that statement she had made in her illness. In fact, sho felt sure that her dear ' Ras.*y ' need not trouble himself to send for a lawyer to invt^tijjat.u her ca$e and seek her missing aunt, for she was positively certain that she had no rich aunt, and that her supposition as to tlie inheritance was but an idle fancy, which would not longer trouble her now ] that she ww settled aud happy. * i » ? « J ' Meanwhile,' Di% Briggs was ?becoming the idol of Dr. Twister's patients, and the bost part of them declared that henceforth they would never havo that stupid old doctor, with his pompous airs and noxious ineffica cious drugs to attend them. This was very agreeable to poor Charlie Brings, and he spent many a pleasant even ing°with his old friends, J. D. Barker (of the T.R. Mashborough) and his wife— who without their wigs and paint looked no more villainous than any other pair of low comedians — in congratulating themselves on the happy idea which had occurred to them in the time of their, adversity, whereby Dr. Briggs had obtained a practice, and Mr. ana Mrs. Barker, a well- to-do husband for their poor, plain Martha. . For the blow which Dr. Twister had incurred there was no remedy but time. It would have ruined him to expose the facts, and although he saw plainly that he had been duped, he never attempted^ .to punish tho«e who had taken him in.fortneir retalia tion was to be feared. He was very bitter with his wife for some time, but ho wisely j decided after awhile to make the best of a j bad bargain ; and Martha responded so , readily to bis kinder overtures, and showed - herself— as many plain wives do— such an j amiable, considerate, and lively companion, i that he came in the course of time to regard j his bargain as a good one after all. One ? thing itdid. it taught him humanity, and t the result of that lesson is that sometimes j the two doctors, their wives and children, j and Mr. and Mrs. Barker, sit down todioner' at the same table— and enjoy it.— Man of , ihe IforW. j A PHENOMENAL HORSEMAN. j Thk greatest physical achievement ever I accomplished in America was the ride of F. j X. Aubrey from the plaza of Santa F£, j N.M.,.to the publicsquare at Independence, i Mo., a distance of nearly eight hundred; miles, through a country a largo part of j which was then a sandy desert', and inhabi- 1 ted by warlike Indians. It was in the year 1851. Aubrey was a| short, heavy-set man, 38 years of ; age, in the prime of manhood and : strength. His business for ,ten 'years as a1 Santa Fi trader had made him perfectly j familiar with the trail and all the stopping places. He was a perfect horseman, and ! although there were great riders in those days, none of them cared to dispute the ! palm with Aubrey. For a wager of £200 he undertook to rid* alone from Santa F6 to j Independence in less than six day. He sent i half-a-dozen of his swiftest horses ahead to be stationed at different points for use in the ride. He left Santa Fe at a sweeping gallop, and that was the pace he kept up during nearly every hour of the time until he fell fainting from his foam-covered horse in the square at Independence. It took him just five days and nineteen hours to perform the feat, and it cost the lives of several of hin best horses. After being carried into a room of the old hotel at Independence, Aubrey lay for forly-eight hours in a dead stupor before he came to his senses. He would never have recovered from the shock had it not been for his won derful constitution. The feat was unani mously regarded by Western men as the greatest exhibition of strength and endur ance ever known on the plains. After his ride he became the lion of tho West, and was dined and feted at St. Louis a*; though he had been a conquering hero. He finally met his death at the hands of a friend. One day, in 1854, in an altercation with Major Richard H. Weightman, the j great rider was stabbed to the heart, and ! dropped dead in a Santa Fe saloon. He was - buried in an unknown grave, and all thnt is remembered of him is his remarkable rido. FAIRLY GOOD FISHING. Coi.oxrr. T. P. Keator is the biggest li — , I mean the best story-teller, and the best advertising man, who ever escaped from Congress. ' Did you find good fishing out there ?' nquired a friend, shortly after the Colonel's return from the State of Washington. ' Well, yes ,- pretty fair. But at first I thought it was a poor country, for I threw a fly for a whole day in Snoqualame river, and only caught twenty mountain trout. That discouraged me. Didn't try it again until the salmon trout began to run. ' You found it better then ?' suggested the friend. i 'Yes ; a trifle. We were at Black Jack I Creek, near Sidney. There were several fish there. The fact is, that when we wanted to cross the stream, we found no difficulty in u.»ing the backs of the salmon for stepping stones. Passed over dry-shod every time ! We took a couple pitchforks, and loaded a lumber waygon-box full in three hours. Haven't done such work since I helped in the hayfield when a boy.' ' Was that the extent of your Washing ton fishing?' inquired the friend. 'No. We stopped off on the other slope of the Cascade Range, and tried our luck in the Green river. But there's no sport in fishing in that stream.' ' That's queer,' exclaimed the friend. 'I supposed that was one of the best trout streams in Washington. Perhaps you hap pened to strike it on a day whon the fish wore lazy.' ' Lazy, great heavens ! Why, man alive ! i the fish there are absolutely savage. We' actually had lo get behind a tree for a chance to bait our hookf. No, sir, there's no sport for me in that kind of fishing.' A GREAT SCHEME. ' I say, old man, could you let me have a half-sov. until to-morrow?' said Williamson to M 'Drouth, us he met that gentleman coming out of a public- house the other morning. 'I came down town without my pursq through mistake ; but if you can lend ine half a sov. that will do me for to-day.' ' Awfully 'sorry,' was the reply ; ' bub I've only got a five-pound note, and I don't ' won't to break it.' ' Why ?' asked the other. 'Well,' rejoined M' Drouth 'it's this way: It wants an hour of mid-day yet, and since eight o'clock I've had six beers and two glasses of whisky on that £5 note, and the scheme's too good to spoil.' ? 'I don't understand,' remarked William'; son, with a puzzled expression. 'Don't you?' retorted Mac. 'Man alive ! it's quite simple. I called fer whatever I wanted -in each case, drank it, and threw down the £;i note in payment. In every pub I've tried yet the bar keeper had no change. See? Ta, ta. Must bo going.' IT WAS AN ACCIDENT. 'I understand,' remarked the polite reporter to the close-mouthed manager of a wostern railroad noted for its poor time, J ' thnt there was an accident on your road ' last night.' ' Oh, do you ? ' was the sarcastic reply ' Yes, sir,' 'Do you know anything about it?' ' Only that it happened to the train which was due here at 8.15.' ' That train came in promptly on time, sir,' said the manager firmly. 'Are you sure of that?' ' Of course I am.' 'Thanks. That must have been the accident referred to,' and the reporter dodged out safely. She (at her desk) : 'Dear, please tell me how to spell costume. I'm writing to mother about my lovely new gown.' He: ' Well, are you ready J' She: 'Yes.' He : ' C-o-s-t, cost.' She: 'Yes.' He : 'T-o, to.' She: 'Well?' He : ' M-e, ine— £20, ag yet unpaid.' She ; You're a wretch,' 