INDIAN GHOST DANGS. In the Evansville Courier, Lieutenant M .Carthy says :-" The tradition of an Indian ghost dance has been frequently explained, but it etiil retains its interest. It is a tradi- tion with thc Indians that once a princess while wandering in the woods was conceived of a child, which was of divino origin. She ; returned to camp, and thc hirth of the child was proclaimed from tribe to tribe. The occasion of its birth was celebrated by seasons : of festivity. Fearing that the young child1 would grow to manhood and be possessed of too much influence, several Indian medicine men decided to put to doath the prinoess and child. On entering thc camp of the prin- cess they were confronted by the child, who had soddenly grown to manhood, and : who stood in defence of his mother's life. Realising this miraculous or divine act, the medicine men repented of their sins, and were afterwards devout followers of the princess and son, who fought all of their battles vic- toriously. Before thc death of Messiah, as their tradition teaches, he gathered together the varions Indian tribes, and told them of his second coining. He said that before he again appeared on earth, railroads, big Btove houses would he built, and the white mau, who would steal ali of their lands, besides being very cruel, would come among them. Tho second coming of the Messiah for the purpnsc of exterminating the whites and re- claiming their lost lands has for years been expected by thc Indians. The direct cause of the re.vcnt Indian hostilities was virtually brought on by the ghost dance, which spread rapidly over the ontiro reservation. Previous to the uprising of the Indians a group of medicino mou were in communica- tion with thc Messiah, who appeared ou a cloud. As a proof af his being, ne held in Iiis hand a sancer of water, of which all drank, and their thirst was appeased, yet the saucer was still full of water. Thc alleged ex- perience of this group of medicine men was sent to the many Indian tribes, and the | ghost dance was immediately inaugurated as j a consequence. Tho mere announcement that the Messiah was coming affected over 700 or SOO Indians. Men often, lite maniacs, would ran 'from the camp for miles to meet the Great Spirit which they thought had come." 