rap* U flasT??? 3&H1;< m A SKETCH OF A TEMPERAMENT. * By THOMAS HARDY, Author of "Tess, of the D'Urbavilles,5 " Wessex Tales," "The Woodlanders," &c.;,; &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author.: All righia jeserved.] PART PIRST.—A YOUNG MAN OF TWENTY. Chattei: Nil.—She Becomes am Imacces siele Ghost. I By imperceptible and slow degrees the scene / i at the dinner cable seemed to recede into the ' background, behind the more distinct present ment of Avice Caro and the old, old scenes on the stone island, which were inseparable from, her personality. The handsome Marchioness in geranium-red and diamonds, who tvas visible to him on his host's right hand opposite, became as one of the misty Vermillion sunsets that he; had watched so many times over the West1 Bay, with the form of Avice in the foreground. • Between his eyes and the judge who sac next to Nichola, with a chin so raw that he must have shaved every quarter of an hour during the day, intruded tire face of Avice as she glanced at him in their last parting. The old society iady, who, if she bad been a few years older, would have been as old fashioned as her daughter, suggested the powdery, dusty quarries oE his and Aviee's parents, down . which lie had clambered with Avice hundreds-' of times. The ivy trailing about the table- ' cloth, the lights in the tall silver candle-sticks, - and the bunches of flowers, mixed in with the-' ivies and the flower beds of the castle on the* isle and the lighthouses down at the Beal. More than all, Nichola Pine-Avon gradually i lost the radiance which she had latterly ac-j quired; she became a woman of his ac- ! quaintance with no distinctive traits; she-1 seemed to grow material, a superficies of flesh-.-; and bone merely; she was a person of lines- j and surfaces, a language in living cipher—no more. When the ladic-s had withdrawn it was just-' the same. The soul of Avice—the only womanri he had never loved (of those who had loved, him) surrounded him like a firmament. Art drew near to him in the person of one of the ' most distinguished of portrait painters, but there was only one painter for Jocelyn—his own memory. All that was eminent in European surgery addressed him in the person of that harmless and unassuming fogey whose hands had been inside the bodies of hundreds of living men, but the lily-white corpse of an obscure country girl chilled the interest of dis course with such a king of operators. Reaching the drawing-room he talked to his hostess. Though she had entertained twenty guests at her table that night she had known not only what every one of them was saying and doing throughout the repast, but what everyone was thinking. So, being an old friend, she said quietly, " What has been troubling you ? Something has, I know." Nothing could less express the meaning his recent information bad for him than a state ment of its facts. He told of the opening of the letter and the discovery of the death of an old acquaintance. " The only woman whom I never loved, L otmncse cti.vl" Ho ridded. smiling: "and.. may almost say !" he added, smiling; therefore, the only one I shall ever regret!" Whether she considered it a sufficient expla nation or nob, the woman of the world accepted it as such. She was the single lady ot his circle whom nothing erratic in his doings could surprise, and he otten gave her stray ends of. his confidence thus with perfect safety. He did not go near Mrs. Pine-Avon again ; he could not; and on leaving the house walked abstractedly along the streets till he found himself at his own door. In his own room he' sat down and placing his hands behind his head thought his thoughts anew. At one side of the room stood an escritoire, and presently going to a lower drawer of the same he took out a small box tightly nailed down. He forced tho cover with the poker. The box contained a multifarious variety of odds and ends which Pearaton had thrown into it from time to time in years gone by for future sorting—an intention that he had never carried out. Prom the melancholy mass of papers, faded photographs, seals, diaries, withered flowers, and such like, Jocelyn drew a little portrait, one taken on gla=s in the more primi tive days of photography and framed with tinsel in the commontst way. It was Avice Caro as she had appeared. duriDg the summer mouth or two which he had spent with her on the island twenty years before that time, her young lips pursed up, her 1 a . .....l.i,. fnlrlr.rl VtlM (-ffnoO fif tflH rdass hands meekiy folded. The effect of the glass was to lend to the picture much of the softness characteristic of the original. He remembered, when it was taken—during one afternoon theer _ touting ... nothing else for them to do. A long templarion of the likeness completed in his emotions what the letter had begun. He loved the woman dead and inaeeessibleas he had never loved her in life. He had unceremoniously for saken her on the eve of what would have become an irrevocable engagement, because he did not love her, and it had been, in one view, the kindest thing he could have done, though the harshest, no spark of passion existing He had thought of her but at distant intervals during the whole nineteen year3 since thab parting occurred, and only as somebody he could have wedded. Yet now the years of youthful friendship with her, ill which he had learn't every fibre or her innocent nature, flamed up into a yearning and passionate attachment, emoitseeea oy regreii uoyouu words. That kiss which had offended his dignity, which ska had so childishly giveu kira keiore her consciousness of womanhood had been awakened, what he would have given to have a quarter of it now! Pearston was almost angry with himself for his feelings of this night, so unreasonably, mocivelessly strong were they towards that lost young playmate. " How senseless of me 1" he said, as he lay in his lonely bed. Bhe had been another man's wife almost the whole time since he had been estranged from her, and now she was a corpse. Yet the absurdity did not make his grief the Ie3S, and the consciousness of the intrinsic, almost radiant, purity of this new- sprung affection for a liown spirit forbade him to check it. The flesh was absent altogether : it was love ratified and refined to it3 highest attar. He had felt nothing like it before. The next afternoon he went down to his. club; not his large club, where the men hardly spoke to each other, but the smaller one, where they told stories of an afternoon,, and were not ashamed to confess among them selves to the most extraordinary personal weaknesses and follies, knowing well that such, secrets would go no further. But he could not tell this; so volatile and intangible was the: story that to convey it in words would have been as hard as to cage a perfume. They observed his altered manner, and said he was in love. Pearston admitted that he was, and there it ended. When he reached ' home he looked out of his bedroom window, and began to consider in what direction from where lie stood that darling little figure lay. It was straight across there, under that young pale moon. The symbol signified well. The divinity of the silver bow was not more excel lently pure than she, the lost, had been. Under that moon was an island of stone, and on the island a house, framed from mullions to ridge-tile like the isle itself, of stone. Inside the window, the moonlight irradiating her winding-sheet, lay Avice, reached only by the faint noises inherent in the isle; the tink-tink of the chisels in the quarries, th9 surging of the sea in the bay, and the muffled grumbling? of the waves in the never-pacified race. After dinner his old friend Homers came in to smoke, and when they had talked a little while Somera alluded casually to some place afc which they would meet on the morrow. "I shan't be there," said Pearston. " Bud you promised." " Yes. Bus I shall be at the island—looking.; at a dead woman's grave." As he spoke his: eyes turned and remained fixed on a table near. Somers followed the direction .of.hi&i; glance to a photograph on a stand. " Is that she 1" he asked. " Yes." "Bather a bygone affair, then';" Pearston acknowledged it. " She's- the only] sweetheart I never loved, Alfred," he said. " Because she's the only one I ought to have loved. That's just the fool I have always. been." "But if she's dead and buried you can go to, her grave at any time as well as now, to keep-; up the sentiment." " I don't know that she's buried." "But to-morrow—the Academy night! Of'' all days, why go then'.'" "I don't care about the Academy." "Pearston—you are our only inspired] sculptor. You are our Praxiteles. You are almost the only man of this generation who has;, been abie to mould and chisel forms living enough to draw the idle public away from the popularr/cnre paintings into theusually deserted lecture-room, and people who have seen your lasc piece of stuff say there has been nothing like in since sixteen hundred and since the sculptors 'of the great race' lived aud died. Well, then, for the sake of others you ought not to rush off to the God-forgotten island just when you are wanted in town, ail for a woman yon last saw a hundred years ago." ."No—it was only nineteen," replied his friend, with austracted literalness. He went the next morning. Since the da\s of his youth a railway had been constructed along the pebble bank, so that, except when the rails were washed away by the tides, which was rather often, the peninsula was directly accessible. At two o clock in the afternoon he waa rattled alone under the familiar monotonous colored stones, and • emerged from the station among the black lerrets and the white cubes of ashlar. In entering upon the pebble, beach the train bad passed close to the ruins of Henry the Eighth's castle, whither Avice was to have accompanied him on the niglit of his depar ture. Had she appeared the betrothal would have taken place; and as no islander had ever been known to break that compact, she would have become' his wife. Ascending the steep incline to where the quarrymen were chipping just as they hud formerly done and within sound of the great stone saws, he looked southwards towards the The level line of the sea horizon rose above the surface of the isle; and against the stretch of water, where a school of mackerel twinkled in the afternoon light, wa3 defined, in addition to the distant lighthouse, a church with its tower, standing about a quarter of a mile off. near the edge of the cliff. The churchyard gravestones could be seen in profile against the same vast spread of watery babble and unrest. Among the graves moved the form of a man clad in a whire sheet, which the wind blew aside every now and then, revealing dark ] trousers under. Near him moved six men i bearing a long box, and two or three persons j in black followed. The coffin with it3 twelve i legs looked like a large insect crawling across ] the isle/under whose belly the 'flashing lights from the sea and school of mackerel were re-1 fleeted; a fishing boat, far out in the channel, being momentarily discernible through the opening. The procession wandered round to a par ticular corner and halted, and stood there a long while in the wind, the sea behind tbem, the surplice of the priest still blowing. Jocelyn stood with his bat off ; he was present though he was a quarter of a mile off : and he seemed to hear the words that were beiDgsaid, though nothing but the wind was audible. He instinctively knew that it was none other than Avice whom be was seeing interred ; his Avice, as he now began presumptuously to call her. Presently the little group withdrew from before the sea and disappeared. 'He felt himself unable to go farther in that direction,, and turning aside went aioile.-sly across the open laiyl, visiting the various spots that he had formerly visited with her. But as if tethered to the churchyard by a cord he was still conscious of being at the end of a radius whose pivot, was the grave of Avice Garo; and as the dusk thickened he closed upon his centre and entered tne churchyard gate. - Not a soul was now within the precincts. The grave, newly shaped, was easily discover able behind the church, and when the same voung moon arose which he bad.observed the previous evening from his window in London he could see tbe yet fresh footmarks of the I mourners and bearers. The breeze had fallen ! to a calm with the setting of the sun, and dis-1 inclined to leave a spot sublimed both by early association and present regret he moved back to the church wall, warm from the afternoon sun, and sat down upon a window-sill facing the grave. (To be continued.) 