JABEZ BROWNE'S IHTE- BESTINC TALK. A VOICE FROM MARS. Jabez Browne generally pointed oat by the Inhabitants of Arm way as their foremost citizen ; probably for the rea- one that lie dwelt fully a mile be- yond the corporate Urata, and that lie took not the slightest interest in the wel- fare of the rillsge. He was aftmoos astro nomer ; if, indeed, to be mentioned in books wbicb no one reads, and lauded to articles which every one skips, be fame. But Jabsz thought it was, and so did his neighbors, and tons, in pride at least, they were unani mous. What thcro was about a little dried-up man of middle age, with gopslo eyes and bald pate, glistening like a lens, to win the reverential admiration and lovo ot a bean tilol youog girl, might be a problem un- aolvablo nuiess the tangent of her will was given. Perhaps it was because be took her affection as a matter of coarse, for when Hose Atkins had married this philosopher everybody had been astonished except tnis philosopher. Per haps it was becauio her intuition hud dis cerned tho mighty soul swelling within the fragile frame, aud had astarod her of vicarious glory. Perhaps it was because be nover argaed, never foand fault, never wanted anything except to bo lot alone, left matters entirety within his wife's control, and respouded, "I suppose so," to ovcry conceivable remark she could mako. However it was, Jabez had a devoted helpmeet, and if love could exist be tween thoso who wero mentally many millions of lcagnea apart, they were a loving couplo. Perhaps for this very reason it did exist ; for if one's own thoughts are so often distressing bow much more so mast they become when reflected from another ! So Hose in bcr pantry and parlor and Jabez in bis observatory were likely the closer joined because of their dis- Doubtless tho milk often curdled and the maids failed to dust properly ; so, too, did fatigne and doubt sometimes come to Jabez in the tarrying of his stupendous hopes. For ho had made a wondorful discovery, one boforo which the tales ofSebohcrazade wero as a table of logarithms. For years he had fruitlessly toiled and experimented, and then, »s often happens, an accident had revealed to turn the simplicity of nature's magic. His ambition from tho day when he bad first dusted a telescope's orifice with his yewinkors had bcou to reveal the unknown for the bottennont of his fellows and to tho greater glory of himself ; for ho be- lieved that what is hid must be worthy of tho biding. At last his Eureka had conic to him ; ho was able to talk with any one on any ot tho oros of the night, if only (and it was the weight of this ' if only " which was cracking Jabcz'a felicity) if only that " any one" should want to talk with him, aud could understand what lie should siy. ; In fine, Jabez had discovered that through an ingenious application of electricity sound could bo transmitted by light, instanta neously and without diminution. All ho looked was a bolngsimilar to himself on ono of thoso distant worlds, inspired with hia ambition and equipped with Ids apparatus, and the wonders of the universe would bo made manifest. At first, after the .machinery had been Jierfeeted, Jabez had directed it at Imp- iftzard ; for he roalised from his own ex perience that chance is the blade moat likely to out the gordian knot of impossibility. So the complex arrangement of lenses had reflected on the sensitive disk tho concentrated rays from adjacent Luna, from neighboring Vcous, from distant Jupiter, from remoto Neptune. So, too, had iho blaze of Arcturns aud tho cold gleam of Capclla been captured and transferred ; but never had the shadow glided from tho violet to the red lines, never had Mto tluklo of tho bell indicated that a mystic somebody was at a further communicator and anxious to talk. During tho summer of 1892, however, the pre- eminent advantages presented by tho proximity of Mars had caused Jabez to settle his energies ou this planet. Night after night ho sat In tho little observatory waiting and listening as hopeloasly, yet a doggedly as many have watohed aud listened by the side of tho dead. One memorable evening in the early part of August, Jabez looked out on tne pano rama of the night. Tho heavens were cloudless and resplendent. Low, near the horizon, shone the ruddy Mars liko a beacon oi immortality. Against the disk its light was reflected, steady, changeless, un- quickoued by thought. There was some- thing in tho sorcuity of tho skies that retimed to colli Jabez and to deride his iinpotoncy. What did all these myriad gleams signify to bnn? Was there not a warmth about this one littlo world that far outweighed their .splendor? He gazed over the sweet hills ot Arinway, bordered, indeed, in tho diatauce by dark foliage, but on their sides and brows chommogly glittering with ripened grain, lfore aud there wsro glimmers from bumble homes nestling amid the products of toiL, Feeblo glints at best, yet were thoy not moro potent, unco they represented content and cheer t Through tho meadows mean dered the brook, a silver ribbon iu n ver dant broidery. By it side Itouo and ho had strolled in thoso days of courtship when her eyes had been his hcarans, when the cling of her little bands had been the satisfaction of bis hopes. Where was she now? Busied, doubtless, in the rooms below, with a light spirit, stneo nature bad blessed her with ono, yet alone. And tie who had attained his heart's dastro why badhecontommsdit? Why did he spend his life over an ambition whiob, if gratified, might not repay for ono aorrourful hour to her ? Here he was, a man of wealth, in the fall primo of life, striving to gain from a fathomless distance what ho might realise at band 1 He sought after strange gods, wheo his divinity dwolt with him 1 And yet, was not his learning of some value 9 Was not celebrity oi somo recompense? Should ho spurn tho most won derful discovery that man hud over appro- bonded ? Should bo do so, would he not ever afterwards regret as ono who, having had tho key to Paradise, yet had dated uoc enter ? Aud yet— Jabez was dissatisfied and louely. Hut of an instant hia depression fled before amazement. There was no longor silence. Oh I would that tboro wore ; ho was so frightened 1 Vet, no ; he wouldn't choose otherwise, if only it bad not boon so very sudden I He stood his ground with arms upstretched, hia hoart leaping in his throat, tho roar of the breakers of Dread resouuding iu bis oars. For that steady, changeless light had shot from tho violet to the red lino across tho dink. Too signal tinkled sharply. Ho was summoned to the aununciator by somo one ou tho planet MarsT An impulse of Jabez's boyhood now seized him, which was to run and hide in a dark closet; but catching a glimpse of his bald ' pato in a reflector he remembered bis years, and with nnsteany steps approached tho in vention, handling hit earpiece rather gin gerly. u Hullo 1" ho faltered. Hullo, yoursolf l"camo btck tho answer. " Where are you ?" M I'm on the planet Mars. . Aud you ?" "I'm on tha earth." "I thought so. How successful I have boon." " What's your name?" " What's yours?" "Jabsz Browne." Brown 1 ba 1 ha ? With or without an " With one, of coarse," said Jtbcz petu lantly. " Won't you please introduce your- tolf ?" "My name is John Smith, at your ser vice." " Preposterous 1 Why, there are thousands of John Smiths here." " Is that any reason why their should not be tens of thousands of them here, as there are t' " Well, perhaps not. What are you doing?" "I have just succeeded after years of endeavor, in reaching the earth with my magnetic photopbohe and— V . " Your utiotopbono I Hike that. Why, tl« mine." "I guess not. I'vebeen perfecting it for Un years." " Ho have I, and I won't brook any inter ference with my rights." . " What aoouesited old person you most be ! J)o you thiok that yon are the only being in tho universe to whom this Idea might occur?" ' No one suggested it' to me." "Nor to ine. But bow could yon expect to utilise your apparatus unless someone on Mars had made a similar one f "Never thought of that," geeped Jabes, as he wiped the beads of perplexity from his brow. " How do you happen to speak English?" he ventured, thinking a change of topic advisable. " How do yon ? " Why, it s my native language." "So it's mine." r " You doii'e mean to say that yon suc ceeded in being transported from tiio earth to Mais 1" "I don't mean to say anything of the sort. 1 was bora hero, and I'm oalitfiu-l i with my sphere, the tnoro so from hearing I you talk. It's the speech of a largo portion of our civilised population, and 1 tnink in tnntfit will become the universal language " That's exactly the cose here. But—" " I don't donbt it, Mr Browne. It seems uaturai to me that this should bo so ; now, why shouldn't the converse seem so to you ? Xou a8 tl>0 fc,r"BC8t being 1 Do you think that tliu earth possesses a monopoly of its attributes ? Isn't it moro reasonable that nice something exist with yon. it may also exist with me? Why shouldn't i man on Slars be like a man on the oartb, and vico versa." " Are you a man ? " " There you co again ! Supposing I re peat tho reason ; is it any easier lor mo to believe that you are a mau than for you to believe that I am? 1 thiuk not, especially alter hearing your voice." " But I thought— « Oh I yes, you thought that vou would discover spirits or ghost® or foor-hcaded creatures with wings, or elf that leap #ur- pnsingly in the air, or stately dcmi-gods with vrial lances. You arc romantic, my friend. Your poor head is filled with tho imaginings of idlo writers, and you can't uinmguieh between what is and what may be." "IIo# la the weather up there?" asked Jabez desperately. "Is it hot enough for you?" " Look hnro Mr Browne ! Hive you calcu lated for how long a timo we may now talk, auJ when these same conditions will occur spain?" "No, I have not." "Just thirty miuutes,Sir, and you putter- iog about the weather. At their expiration yon may put your precious photoplione on a shelf for eight million live hundred and aeventy-six years for torty-lhroe days and two hours, for it trou't be available. Uoally, Sir, youmako tno tire!." "Oil, dcari" murmured Jabez, as he proved his wakcfalnoss by a sharp piocb, " they even use our slang. " "What's that?" questioned John Smith sharply, "I didn't quite catch ' that re mark," "Ob! let mo see. Well, then, will you kindly explain tho gemination of the canals of SchisparelH ?" " Schiapsrwholli ?" " Schiaparclli, our famous astronomer, who lias mapped out your system of canals anu has founu that soma of them are parallel atid duplicated," " A clever mau, that I We shall have to" cot our physical geographies revived. To au appearances here our canals are single, and as littlo apt to bo seen from tho earth as a mosquito on tho moon. Instead of being duplicated, they are in danger of a Una- donment, though I have always argued for their retention. Trno, tho period of their prime uiofulness la passed ; stiU, they serve during the summer to keep down railway rates somowkat, and if they were deepened our grains might bo shipped mrecLy from tho iutarior to foreign ports. But that's a question of domestic economy with which you can't be concerned. Per haps you will explain on your part tho pur- pose of certain gipantic white marble walls which our astronomers liavo detected bisecting and transecting your continent ?" " Whito marblo walls ? There are none," "Possibly not; still, thoy have besn care fully named and mapped, and a controversy is wooing as to their use." ' Th.y ,ro vapora, I pruning, which per- vatle our atmosphere." . " Exactly. My theory to a T.and sonic such simple explanation will do away with tbo gemmation of our canals, as you call it. Ueally, Sir, I am delighted to havo met you, although we must needs bo distant acquaint- ances. Perhaps you will give tne a cursory vlow of tho conditiou of affairs with you ?" Matters couldn't bo mnch better," began Jabez, proudly. " Under tho twin guidance of seiepco and art, civilisation is advancing toward tho zenith with giant strides. Man is, indeed, buj little lower than tho angels, and day by day that littlo is becoming less. His commerce spreads her snowy wings on every sea. His measagos speed beneath tho waves or fly with the lightning through tho ambient air. His vast machineries exceod tho uught of the Titans, vet the touch of a child can control them. Steam is now too feeble lor his exi- geucics, so electricity has been enslaved and sot to task at loom utid torgo. Loam- nig has encircled tho world with her gracious embrace, and her her- heralds have been tho bcarors of glad tidiugs. P«aco smiles, aud > words have been beaten into ploughshares. Invention has tempered tho harsh toil of the hasband- man. The doscrt is ids garden, for tho waters gush forth at his bidding. Tho wonders of ontiqnity are surpassed by Uio mugulficonco of our cities. In a word, it does not require a prophot to foresee tho approach of the millennium, the—" "That will do, Hir ; that will do I" shouted Smith so vigorously that tho rays oi light from Mars uudulated visibly. " I know tho rest. 1 heard it only a week aeo at our high school commencement when the valedictorian lauded tha Destiny of tho Ago. What I seek is fact, not balderdash, II all you say bo true, through mo you may bscomo ttio benefactor of" this planet ; for oars is surely » parlous case. 'Tis true that our era is deemsd cultured and en lightened ; that commeroo was nover so uni versal, nor trado so potent ; that vast tracts of wildnernoss havo been reclaimed by agri culture ; that opulent cities now spread wbora the primeval forest had towered, sod that all the forces of nature havo been harnessed lo our forges and looms. But tho avoraqo of happiness is tho teat, and that was nover lower. Education, indeed, has swopt around nur globe, and missionaries lure been her foroi uuncrs ; yet wherever tho aborigines have been aroused from simple blissful ignorance, there havo flourished drunkenness and disease, "In those pari which wo consider civi- lisod there is enormous wealth, and the rich are becoming richer; but adjacent to it is iudescribablo squalor, and the poor aro be. coming poorer. Tho face of society is fair and liuoiou ; bat beneath thcro is a poison, ous blood that threatens to erupt. On the further continent, where Qovornmouts are strong, - tha country is one vast camp, millions beiog kept under arms to delay a destructive war by an exhaustive peace. Tho hutbandman goes not blithely to the fields ; his book is bent and well, tugh broken by tha burden of taxes. Ilcre, in my ow land, which is called fr-o by those who either despise or abuse freedom, there aro class distinctions which would bo ridiculous if thoy were not so ominous. While there is no standing army in active service, there is one on the retired list which is just aa costly, and which, a quarter of a century after its dUbaudmeut, recruits vigorously under tho pap of pensions. " Agriculture is tbeuatursl occupationfor tho majority of our jieopla, for our fields are broad audfertlle; butinatcail of being fostered it is iu every way hampered. Legislation is directed to tho incroaeo of wealth, not tha decrease of poverty. Towards this end a policy miscalled protection Glebes for the many with one hand what it bestows on the few with the other. A homo markot for necessities Is encouraged by enhanced prices, while labor is . open to the competition of the world. Thus the poor mau's capital finds engagement at once more difficult aud lets lucrative. When 1 add that a plague stalks without onr gates, that trado emeutes are constantly causing blood shed, and that an exciting, political eon- test— " t ''Hold on 1" retorted Jabez ; "you need tro no farther. There are plenty here of yoar way of thinking.- But you are so radical, so extreme 1 Perhaps it's living on Mars that makes yon so red ; but — " » ' Then do yon dare tell tno after your Utopian picture, that theao sumo evils exist on the earth t" " Hardly that, my friend, hardly that. My worldly and domestic matters are so felicitous that doubtless I take too roseate a view of my surroundings. I will admit tbatif yon were here you wonld see no dif ference." ' Oh I oh 1 oh and Jabez heard a pat tering sonnd which iudioated that the Martian Smith waa dancing with rage. Oa 1 to think that my alcroisUo researches of yean hare only resulted fn the roseate views of this old ass 1 Tell me what did yon expect to gain by your precious Inven tion!" t . "The investigation of physical pheno mena," began Jabes modestly, yet firmly. "is fascinating and instructive and re-; dounds— " " Physical grandmothers I Don't you know that nature's laws are alike through out tho universe, that an apple falls on Mare from tha same principta a it does in tho earth ? My motive has been philanthrophic, 'tis true, but there's somo excuse for mn. I have nn un pleasant wile and an auxiliary tnothcr-iu- I law. But you, with felicity in jo-ir grasp, seeking famo iu tho distance ! You arc a i fool, Sir. F, douhlo-o 1 1 Directly I heard I your voice I knew you were." ' I notice," ventured Jabez, attempting a divemon in the iutervsi ot harmony,"! notico that you use 'directly ' in place of "Certainly, I was abroad once for six weeks. But there— our time's up, and I'm glad nf it. II after the expiration of eight million five hundred and scvcnty.six years forty-three days and tiro hours, you dare to call me up I wou't answer you, I promise you." " Hnllo ! Hullo !' persisted Jabez, "just a single question more. Don't stand so close to the transmitter ; 1 can't hear you." Not a whisper; not a sound ! The light from Mars shone steadily abovo tho violet line of tho disk. Tho tinklo of tho hell waa stilled. Ilis ambition had culminated. And what was its iruit? Jabftz went to tho window And acain looted out upon the night. Fairer than fairest of barbiric queens flittered the heavens; butoh i how cold, how deririvc, how inhuman their rays I Again the regrets and longings of his natural limitations recurred. Again, and willi conclaaivn argument, lfe turned his gaze towards tho hills of Armway, and the homo surs that still glimmered amid the fields beamed a tncseage of consolation and Jabez quickly and silently dismantled his masterpiece, lie cloted tho wooden shutters. Ho luft the obwrvatory and locked his door. As he descended, ho paused on tho landing And threw the key out the window. In the sitting room the lights were burning cheerily. On ma lounge lay his wifoaiiecp. l'oor woman ! She had always waited for bun so patiently. He bent over her. There wa< a smile about her lips ; but on her cheek glistened a tear. As lie kissed it away, her eyes opened, and in their warm, truo radiance ho saw his happiness.— Now York 