-J$ail |kto£. OUR ANGLO-COLONIAL LETTER. [From our Special Correspondent.! London, September 30, 1892. There has been a revival of business in the city this week, and colonial stocks generally seemed to be strengthening till the announcements of pending New South Wales and South Australian loans came to hand and demoralised the market. That your Government should so soon after its previous unfortunate experience De again resolved to court tauure seems to sober business minds incredible. Wherever I went yesterday there was grave shaking of heads over the news. Dealers, brokers, and merchants were for once of the same mind. 'I can only suppose,' said a prominent dealer, ' that the cablegram refers to a small loan at a phenomenally cheap price. Even in South Australia they must know that to attempt anything more than that would- be sheer lunacy.' The comments of the Standard on South Australia's intentions may be imagined, but Mr. Wilson being a pronounced pes simist they will, I fear, have small in fluence with you. The city man of the British Australasian (Mr. Mennell) has more real knowledge of the wirepullers of the colonial market than any one I know, and his views as a rule are optimistic. With regard to this loan, however, he speaks out^Tery plainly. 'I have,' he writes, 'taken considerable trouble to learn the views of three Glasses of city men — dealers, brokers, and merchants — upon the proposed South Australian loan. The first two practically rule the market, and can make or mar a loan independently of the general public, as in the present instance represented by the merchants. The larger dealers have on hand an. enor mous amount of what they term 'un digested' colonial stock. This they can not get rid of without very materially lowering- nrices and denressin-r the market. Some go so far as to state that the amount of colonial stock at the pre sent moment in first hands is not far from £4,000,000. These large dealers have therefore one and all resolutely made up their minds not to touch any more colonial loans for . some time to come. I need hardly say that, such a decision is very prejudicial, if not absolutely fatal, to the success of any large loan. The larger dealers are backed up by the merchants or general public and those having the best interest of the colonies at heart, and the latter body deprecate -any such move quite as stron&ly; as the former class. Amongst smaller dealers I am bound to state that the antagonism is not so pronounced, though it cannot be said that the proposal is universally farored. The brokers are in the same box with the dealers. From this: it will be seen that whilst a small loan at a very cheap price may possibly be dragged through a large loan at a moment like the resent is entirely out of the question. The Rev. Charles Marson, who preached the harvest festival sermon at St. Nicholas Cole-Abbey, in Queen Victoria-street, lastiSunday evening, will be remembered in South Australia as one of the first High Churchmen who, to use his own ex pression, made ' an attempt to loosen the iron bonds of hidebound Protestantism in Adelaide ,' Not that Mr Marson ap proves the denominations 'Ritualist' or ''High Churchaiau.' He is, as he explained to me at a short inter view after serrjee on Sunday, a Christian socialist. What a Christian socialist be lieves I am sure I don't know. The organ- of the sect or society (a journal of the same name which Mr. Marson edited before he went to Australia) will, however, enlighten you. Mr. Marson is an enthusiastic member of the. Fabian Society and of its Church branch, the. Guild of St. Matthew, and glories specially in having been the first president of the Australian Fabian Society. He is a great admirer of the English labor leaders (Mr. Burns and Mr: Mann), but does not find Mr. Champion sufficiently thorough going. In Adelaide, as you know, Mr. Marson was incumbent of Parkside and curate of Glenelg. He liked the colony and the people amazingly, and if the asthma, from which he suffers sadly, would only have permitted him to live in South Australia would have been there to-day. I should have supposed Adelaide possessed pre cisely the ideal dry climate for an asthmatic, but Mr. Marson says it was dust laid: him up and obliged the doctors to order him home. The young Anglican reluctantly bade farewell to the good work he had begun and the kindly friends he -had made and returned last May, arriving on Ascension Day. Mr. Marson is now attached in the capacity of curate to Christ Church, Clapham Common, one of the (from my point of view) highest of High Churches. They call service 'mass,' the clergymen 'priests,' and the curates 'assistant priests.' No 'hidebound Protestantism' here I thought, after hearing one of Schubert's masses exquisitely performed. Christ Church stands where two roads meet. ' ' Christ Church Junction, change here for Rome,' a local humorist lias christened tbe establishment. When Mn Marson landed in England he went to Oxford to preach Christian socialism, but the old Tractarian or Puseyits party do not look favorably on this new up-to-date blend of ' religion and revolutionism' (as the old fogies call it), and Mr. Macson received little satisfaction from his visit. He then went to St. Giles's, Durham, but only stayed a short time. Professor Shuttleworth, at whose church Mr. Marson preached a most eloquent sermon on Sunday evening, is not so extreme in his views as Air. Marson, but the motto of both men is 'good music and social effort.' Mr. Marson I may mention does not approve of the administration of the Colonial and Continental Church Society, which he thinks has got too much into the hands of the 'Society for Promoting the Gospel' and its hidebound Protestantism. Mr. Marson considers there is a great field for Catholicism in its best and widest sense in the Australian colonies, for Mr. Marson is not merely a Catholic in his ecclesiastical beliefs and practices, but also- in his social and political sympathies. I see it stated in several newspapers that the late Duke of Sutherland owned properties in Australia as well as in America, and had more than once visited your part of the world. Of course, this may be true, but I think it more probable that the Central News reporter has mixed his dukes; The late Duke of Manchester and his father we all of course, know owned propertdesin the AustraMasand frequently visited them, but though his Grace of Sutherland yachted pretty well everywhere I cannot recall hearing of him at the antipodes. The new duke and duchess have, however, yachted in Australian waters ; in fact, her grace (as Marchioness of Stafford) wrote a delightful volume of travel called 'How I Spent my Twentieth Year,' which you may some of youihare read. Mr. S. Sage, of Angaston, who came home some time ago to prosecute en quiries into the Australian wine trade in England, left London this week for the Continent. Mr- Sage's round in the metropolis has been very similar to that of Mr. Irvine, who was home last year in the : interest of Victorian winegrowers. He has interviewed all the leading im porters and merchants, and is well satisfied with the prospects of Australian vintages of good quality in the English market. Mr. Sage's visit to Paris and Berlin is, of course,, also in connection with his mission, and. he intends, if pos sible, to see something of French and German methods of manufacturing and ' dodging up' wines. The Rev. G. US. Rowe arrived in Lon don by the Onnuz yesterday, and after a brief rest will commence his lecturing tour. Other passengers from Adelaide by the same vessel were the Rev. W. Bearen, Mr. Ireland, Captain T. Matthews, Mr. E. B. Winch, and the Misses McKay. The latest bookings for Adelaide per P. & O. and Orient boats are :— By Onnuz, leaving London October 21 — Mr. H. P. Sells, Mr. and Mrs. Umphertson, Mr. A. Wilson, and Miss J. Wilson. By the Orient, leaving October 7 — Rev. A. E. Green and Mrs. Green, Mr. F, W, Payne, Mr. J. Adamson, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Thwaites. By the Arcadia, sailing October 14^-Mr. Baxter, Mr. Bidgood, Miss Costello, Mr. E. R. Douglas, Mr. C. Dowling, Miss Duncan, Mr. and Mrs. Gordon and family, Mr. and Mrs. Jury, Mr. and Mrs. W. Reader, the Misses' Kay, Miss Bischbieth, Mr. and Mrs. Weaver and sons, and Miss Yetman. Numbering no prophets amongst my acquaintance I cannot from personal knowledge swear that such folk have little honor in their own country. It is, how ever, undoubtedlv a fact that the aiiccem. ful author seldom obtains recognition to begin with or kudos later from his owni immediate neighbors. Dickens lived at' Gad's Hill for years before the Rochester folk realised the genial gentleman they all knew so well was the greatest living novelist. In the same way to-day W. D. Blackmore is more esteemed in Middlesex for his market gardening successes than for his books, and Mr. Rider Haggard's neighbors think far more of him as the 'Squire of Dullingham' than as 'the man of splendid imagination' who wrote ' ' King Solomon's Mines. ' I remember, too, Mr. F. W. Ward telling us that when ' Robbery Under Arms' was running inu the Sydney Mail, the editor got letters of complaint from up-country subscribers, who declared they knew these old bush ranging stories off by heart, and that they didn't care to read about Australian life.. ' Give us something fresh,' they cried in effect, ' we have enough of droughts and, sheep-shearing and cattle-stealing in real life.' These remarks are preliminary to observing that if Mrs. Alick Macleod'a (Mrs. Martin) new story of South Aus tralian life, ' ' The Silent Sea, ' seems in no way remarkable to you South Australians you need not necessarily set down those who 'enthuse' over it as 'noodles.' The scene of 'The Silent Sea' is laid partly in Adelaide and partly in the salo bush country, and revolves around the Colmar mine, which lies 18 miles from Nilpeena, on the Great Northern railway. I don't propose to reveal the plot, bud it may titillate your , curiosity to learn that a rascally mine manager who robs bis employers of thousands and ends up a universally respected member of Parlia ment plays a prominent part therein. Mrs. Macleod does not believe in mine managers. 'There is,' says one of her characters, 'a scientific classification of,: liars I should advise you to keep in mind; — the simple liar, the d ? d liar, and . the mining manager.' The streak of pessimism which ran through 'An Australian Girl' is even more apparent in ' The Silent Sea' — the name, I may ex plain which the fanciful heroine gives to the grey rolling plain of the Baltbush country. It leads Mrs. Macleod into the artistic error of killing her heroine and leaving the broken-hearted hero to con sole the elderly Miss Paget with such fragments of his heart as her adroit management can capture. This pair are married, but we cannot survey their prob able future with satisfaction. It seems so wholly unnecessary to kill poor little Doris. Providence would never have done so in real life one feels sure. Mrs. Macleod has a lively sense of humor and a pretty turn for epigram. Take care, by the way, not to miss the description o£ the old Cornish Wesleyan miners ab Colmar and their religious services. The preacher was one Rehoboam or Roby Hosking, who possessed what the miners - called 'a great gift for spouting.' On Sundays he often preached morning and. evening. His exhortations were of a very rousing, not to say over-bold, description. . Thus on one occasion when he was carried away by his zeal for conversions he cried out in stentorian tones, 'Descend upon us, O Holy Ghost, descend ; if there's ' any damage done to the roof there's nob a shoveller in Colmar that wont give a bob for repairs.' The great charm of 'The Silent Sea' to many English and Anglo-Colonial, folk will lie in its vivid pictures of South Australian, life an4 scenery. What Rolf Boldrewood did for New South Wales in his pastoral stories, and Mrs. Campbell Praed has done for Queensland in- 'Policy and Passion,' Mrs. Macleod now does for your colony in this remarkable novel. That it will receive a cordial welcome here, and ha pronounced a distinct -advance on 'An Australian Girl,' I don't doubt. As the Academy says: — 'The author has un mistakable literary faculty, dramatic in sight, a quick eye for character, a wide and generous sympathy, and, above all, a really charming faculty of humor.' Amongst the passengers for Melbourne by the Thermopylae, of Messrs. Thomson's Aberdeen line, is Mr. David Syme, of the Melbourne Age. During his stay in England Mr. Syme made the acquain tance of Sir Charles Dilke, who in tho course of conversation casually observed that there was one colony in the future of which he felt no confid ence whatever, and in which he would not willingly invest sixpence. That was Victoria. It evidently had nob occurred to the baronet that hiB new acquaintance's entire possessions were in Victoria, and that his future wellbeing was to a great extent wrapped up in the future of that colony. By the way, men tion of the Thermopylte reminds me there is in the Englislt, Illitstrated for October a most interesting article on clipper ships, in which full: accounts with illustrations are given of the exploits of the famous sailing ship Thermopylje and her rivals, the Cutty Sark, the Salamis, the Loch Garry, &c.; The High Commissioner for Canada aa senior Agent-General yesterday intro duced his Australian colleagues to the Marquis of Ripon, who has returned to town and commenced to actively superin tend the business of his departments During the vacation Mr. Meade and the permanent officials have been in command at the Colonial Office. Mr. Thomas Spurgeon has not as yefe taken his passage for Australia, and unless the strong party who are fighting for himu to be appointed permanent pastor at the Tabernacle fail, there seems little likeli-^ hood of your ever seeing him again at tho antipodes. The rev. gentleman has un* doubtedly made a success at Newingtoit Butts during his 'trial trio.' The dificonate admit that the vast building has' been as crowded, and the collection boxes' have shown as good an average as in his father's time. ' Last Sabbath,' said one of the young man's ardent supporters',' 'I could hardly believe that it wasn't our dear old pastor himself who 'was ad dressing us.' Oh the other hand-, ; Dr. Pierson's friends declare themselves determined to stick to that gentleman,., and after Monday's prayer meeting there : were some lively altercations in the vesti bule between the rival clans. Mr. Thos. Spurgeon himself declines to be inters viewed or drawn into the squabble in any way. It is noticeable, however, the rev*- gentleman no longer declares that hid' health will not permit him to winter in, England. The Rev. James Spurgeonvi Mr. Thomas's uncle, also preserves a dls-- creet attitude, but it is not difficult, from'; the few remarks he has dropped, to see that his young relative's appointment would be agreeable to him. : A good deal of disgust is being ex-t pressed in oar financialpapers at tbe lack^ of f airplay which the Melbourne people1 seem to be exhibiting regarding Sir Mat thew Davies. The Fincmdal K««sayai- ? -« It has been apparent of late that bowA ever badly treatecM the Victorians tavd been by Sir Matthew Davies and other* there existB amonst their critics a certain; body who want to secure reoiuneratiT4 appointments for themselves as saviours of the debris. We do not, for instance, like to see in the Melbourne papers adver tisements like election addresses, setting ?;? forth the quaMcations ol the advertisers (ox the post of liquidafcOTSfef companies.' The 'IFtmes urges that^ie -whole busi ness should be taken out of the bands 'of people -wito-are evidently disposed to lose their heads over'fheir undoubted grievances, and should be taken up by ? the legal advisers of the Victorian Execu tive, so as to ensure Sir Matthew Davies : and his like a fair hearing before an im partial tribunal. ' The two leading Australian lines seem unable to make up their minds on the ' subject of freights. The British Austral asian remarks : — 'Three weeks ago the rate for rough measurement per mail steamer stood at 20s. ; a fortnight ago, by mutual consent, this was raised by both the P. and O. and the Orient Companies to 35s. ; and now I learn that one of the companies has again reduced it to 20s., whilst 36s. is the figure of the other. The question which seems to' me the most difficult of solution is how this ruinous rate-cutting and constant shifting of prices can best be ended. It is reducing the Australian trade to a mere gamble*.' Cement was shipped to Australia recently at Is. 6d. per cask, which means about 8s. per ton ! The trial trip of the steel steamer Southern Cross, 'built for the Australian Mutual Shipping Company, of London, went for her trial on the 17th inst. Her dimensions are 400*4 ft. by 48*1 ft. by 34€5 ft.; 5,049 tons gross, and 7,300 4pnsdead weight. She is of the three deck type? and has seven bulkheads. There are jive cargo holds, which are provided' with large hatchways, and special arrangements for the speedy loading and discharging of the cargo. The Southern Cross has been built for general cargoes, but can be arranged for the Australian dead meat trade, provision having been made in her for the necessary refrigerating machinery. The steamer's engines- are direct acting tri-compound, having cylinders 29 in., 46 in., and 75 in. by 54 in. stroke, and are supplied with steam at 170 lb. pressure per square inch from three double-ended mulfcifcubular boilers. The engines indi cate 2,900 h.p., and on the trial drove the vessel at a speed of 13J knots. In a long and involved letter to the. Times Sir Henry Loch contradicts the statement in what he curiously «alls ' Messrs. Lees Reea * Life of Sir George Grey'.' to the effect that it was entirely owing to the great pro-consul, then Go vernor of Cape Colony) that the China expeditionary force of 1857 was diverted to India and proved of such invaluable service in queuing the Mutiny. Sir Henry does not, of course, deny that Governor Grey ordered certain ships to India on their arrival at the Cape, but he contends the act does not deserve the importance attributed to it. Weeks previously'. Lord Elgin left orders at Singapore and other places that the whole of the China expedi tionary force should be diverted to India, and to him alone belongs the credit for what Lord Malmesbury, in his me moirs, calls ' this timely and invaluable service.'' Sir Henry seems also to imply that there was ample space for the news of Lord Elgin's action to have reached the Cape before the. ships Governor Grey diverted arrived there, and that in acting as he did his Excellency was quite con ceivably only following the noble lord's lead. Mr. G. W. Alison will make his first appearance in England after an absence in Australasia of several years, at Terry's Theatre on Monday evening next. The piece is a new comedy by ' W. Sapfce,' of ' Pink 'On' (Sporting Times) fame, and bears the title of 'A Lucky Dog.' What ever the piece may . be like Mr. Anson ought to get a great reception. Mr. ' Curly' Bellew never resumed his part in 'The Lights of Home' at the Adelphi, and last week crossed the Atlantic to join the disconsolate Mrs. Potter, who found that without her irre sistible leading man she was no particular draw in the States. Mr. F. Watson (brother to Mr. H. B. Marriott Watson), who is at present touring with Mrs. Walter Bentley in the provinces, will after Christmas develop into a manager and run Ms own company. Miss Olga Nethersole, who is at pre sent on tour with 'A Fool's Paradise,' finds that the likeness of the motive of the play to the Maybrick tragedy injures instead of benefiting business. In Liver pool, where the illogical poorer folk cling firmly to their belief in Mrs. May brick's innocence, Miss Nethersole's em poissoneuse was considered a reflection on the incarcerated woman and resented with hisses. Moreover, instead of crowding to see the piece northern playgoers in high dudgeon have stayed away. Mr. David Christie Murray has gone to Ireland on a special mission for_the St. James's Gazette. ....... '~~ Under the ribald heading of *? Very Chaffy' the Financial Observer attacks the prospectus of Chaffey Brothers, in viting subscriptions for an issue of £100,000 5 per cent.; mortgage- bonds. The greater part of the writer's remarks would apply equally to any enterprise 14,000 miles away, Here, however, is an extract: — 'The prospectus of Chaffey Brothers contains a great deal of the customary gas, which, however, entirely fails to convince us. It is grandiloquently stated that ' Under the rights and privi leges granted to Chaffey Brothers, Limited, by special Acts of the colonial Parliaments of 'Victoria and South Aus tralia, 500,000 acres of land in Victoria and South Australia (on which have been established the irrigation colonies' of Mil dura and Renmark) with perpetual water rights thereto,' are to be acquired by the concern upon ' most advantageous terms.' As a rule when a limited company acquires large tracts of country . in Aus tralia, America, or some equally accessible locality, the advantage is considerably upon the sides of the vendors. We would very much like to know upon what terms the promoters of Chaffey Brothers obtained the 500,000 acres above referred to. It behoves the British public to be very wary in the way they take shares in these distant enterprises. We warn our readers to pay no attention to the big looking names which appear upon the prospectus of the present venture. Ven tures behind whom were supposed to have been half the peerage have come, to nothing but vanity and vexa tion before now. One gentleman whose utterances are quoted by the pro moters, 'enthuses,' to use an Ameri canism, as follows : — ' From these sunny lands where our sons and daughters have made their homes we shall draw our future supplies of fruit, in quality and quantity probably exceeding that of any fruit in dustry the world lias seen.' These poetical remarks, it will be observed, have not the slightest bearing upon the pro bable, success or otherwise (we think otherwise) of the 'Irrigation Colonies,' and we strongly counsel our subscribers not to assist in financing 6uch a problematical venture.' This is not the tone adopted by the more respectable financial organs, and Chaffey Brothers will experience, I should imagine, little difficulty in raising the money. 