MELBOURNE TOWN TALK. M [By Boccaccio]. March 20.— At last Ijatkin nnd deary have boon convicted, and tho judge in sentencing them to six years hard labour and four yoars roopeolivoly, took excellent care to point out ,that tho pontonco only applied to the oflettco I of conspiracy ns provod against thorn in one I Mii r?lo transaction, that it had no boarine upon othor offences ohargod against thotn, and that it would be tho duty of tho authorities to bring I those ..charges forward in due form. Tho I prisoners, who had cherishod a confident hopo, j firstly that tho jury would disagreo, nnd uoxt that Iho judge would show them the same; mistaken leniency by which Tnylor profited, i woro thunderstruck at tho sentimonts of tho judge, tio less than the sontenco ho passed on them. All threo of ]^ese scoundrels look upon themselves as injured innocents, and in all thrco'cases there is good reason to suppose that, largo sums havo been laid by for their susten ance when they come out of gaol. As' tho days go by the chances of the Government grow blighter. It is of course quite pnesiblo that they might not have to put on tho income tax, and even that the penny postage may escape, but practically their policy is folt to be tho only possible way out of the aunouiiy. foopio wuu warn jonu ui caning them a stop-gap Miuistry now say that tboy j ought to have a general support, and no leader I of opinion has as yet in any way 'donouneod I them or, proposed any alternative plan. Indeed : Graham -Berry, who waa.looked.upon ;as the I chief - hope of the Conservative party, isfuinito admit that he agrees with their views, 'although of course ho does not like their iutontion to amend bis land tax, which ho thinks perfect. As he is the only man in'Victoria who has not from tho very first ^regarded it as a botch, a bungle uud a blunder, his opinion doca not mattor much. It is woll-knowu that the reason his own party accoptod it was because it was tho only means of tnakiug tho land pay ; anything. I Mr. Shiels has cortainly pleased his friends ; and frightened bis foes by tho masterly manner in which ho developed and defended his policy* His oxpo&uro; of tho dual voto swiudlo was perfect. Ho had no difficulty in showing that Puttereon, Service, Broughlin, Murray Smith and all tho fiercest foes of tho ' OnoManOno Volo ' scheme had assisted sgain and again to pass it through tho Assombly, and had advocated i it with ull thoir might. Nor ha* bp beon loss successful sinco in demolishing his critics Concerning Doakin ho was particularly happy. ' He speaks of finauco,' said he ; ' Deakin on finance! .Why tho only financial calculation ho ovor attempted was concerning tho cost of the last exhibition. Ho calculated it at £25,000 and it cost tbreo quarters of a million.' A sentouco liko this stioks to tho mau to whom it is applied, und Doakin, who is cbiefly note worthy for talk, will not get rid of it in a hurry. Whatovor may happou to Mr. Shiuls* Govern mont, Mr. Sbiels himself will always in future bo a prominent porsonago in Parliamentary lifo. A most extraordinary amount of interest is still developed in tho Windsor murder, and eo far from any damage having been done to the interests of tho owner of the houso at Andrew street, Windsor, that' individual, nho will, recoivo pay for rent and damages from tho Government, has more offers for the promise* than he knows whut to do with. Ho hus refused . to fell tbo promises for at Ioast twice their valuo, and ho has a tenant ut an increased rent wailing to tnovo in as soon as the police move out. Tho fear that the ghost of the murdorod woman muy haunt the place doos not troublo auy ono in tho least. All the people really want is the uovor ending subjoot of talk that living in such a place would give them. Aoout tho only satisfactory arrangement any of the suspended banks have affooted is that ac cepted by both tho shareholders and depositors of tho Australian Deposit Bank. The share holders aro to pity up the nucalled capital by instalments extonding ovor ten jears. The deposits aro to be cemented into preference shares bearing fivo por cent, interest aud, wheu after this is paid tho ordiuarr shareholders huverecoived fivo per cent, tho remaining pro fits will go to a reserve fund. This is the first timo that tho shareholders in any of those in stitutions have uttemplod to bear the least por tion of tbe burden. In. thu Fednrul Building Society tho shareholders will actually draw profits for ) ears, whilo tbo money of the de positors is being compulsorily detained. Tho depositors iu the Australian Deposit Bank have gladly acceptod tho offered terms, which will suit them very well, as the preference shares will probably bo saleable at par value at once aud quickly increase in price. Tlie directors deserve great credit for their couroge and fair doaling. After a long term of trouble and a groat deal of squabbling, tho Austin Hospital Committee huve brought their affairs into soinothing like, order. The whole place will ' in future *be as tbe Molbourno hospital is, nuder the control of a medical superintendent, and the entire internal arrangements ore to bo overhauled and re modelled. Iuourables are no d.iubt difficult persons to deal with, but Mrs. Austin founded tbe hospital for their benefit, and the Com mittee havo roallv forgotten that fact iu thoir own continual squabbles. ? The question has boon,, not how the poor helpless, hopeloss people were to be comforted, but how the matron was to be supported, and iu this dis cussion everything else bad been tuergod. Tho Comtnittco huve quarrollod among themselves liko cats lockod up in a garret, and although they hnvo rofnsod to resign en masse at present, yet tboy will probably do so before the animal meeting. The womeu, the clergymen aud the lay olmnent on the Committee oannot agree either among themsolvw or withi eaoh other, and if thoy do uot resign the subscribers should replace ev.ory one of thorn. 