PKAYINCi FOR MOKLBF. Tub following is extracted from tlie.NT£tce-w/k Chronicle of August 2*2 : — Our custom is t* oharge for advertisements. But there are ex ceptions to every rule, sad we give the follow ing unique announcement, taken from our Gladsfconite contemporary of Saturday, the advantage of as muoh publicity as our columns ean supply gratuitously ' liejoice not against me, O my enemy ; when I fall I shall ari'ise, when I sit in darkness the Lord ehall be a light upon me.' — Mic, vii., 8. 41 Election prayer meetings of all able to attend who believe in the righteousness of the Eight I Hon. W. E. Gladstone's and the Hon. John Mor ley's present line of policy toward Ireland and the British Empire will, God willing, be held in the Upper Central Hall, Hood street, Newcastle, j beginning on Monday night first, August 22, at I 9 o'clock to about 10, and continuing each night up to and including Thursday next. The Hall is engaged for Friday, but notice of a general Praise and Thanksgiving meeting for viotory, of which we feel wrll assured, if only we will do our duty« to be beld on tbat euening will be given during the week. Ladies as well as men welcome and invited. Canvassers ace all expected to thoroughly finish up tbeir day'fl work, for it will bo folly to come to Beek God's blessing on indolence. Dissensions, irreverent conduct, or talking will bo entirely out of place We gather to meet with God, not to dispute with man. Pray for the presence and power of the Holy Ghost before coming, or you had better stay away. We mean business for national righteousness, and cannot afford time, for tviiUn^ Ireland waits tor justice ; China and India cry out against our iniquitous opium business ; and Great Britain groans under the iron heel of the cruel curse of the drink traffic, which we have just sent Mr. Hamond into Par liament to uphold. Hymn Books will be pro* vided. Brief expositions of Scripture bearing on the present Liberal policy and contest, and the late defeat in Newcastle, will be given by various speakers, Written difficulties of Chris* tians who may conscientiously, at present, be unable to support Mr. Morley, will be answered briefly on the jollowing evening, or privately if preferred. Impromptu question not allowed. Prayers must be brief, not more than three or four minutes, so that many may take port, and bearing only on matters of public policy, ani not on private personalities. Collection at dooru to defray costs of hall and advertising only. Any surplus to go to Newcastle Infir* mary, and a cash aooount rendered in Daily Leader. Commenting on this, the Chroniclc says Mr. Morley is difficult to understand, and more difficult to ploa6e. When last here ho told us that ho would rogard it &6 ' ignominious' to sit for Newcastle with a Conservative. If he really thought what he said, he should have taken advant&go; of the present vacanoy and gone elsewhere, and thus spared himself the ' ignominy' of having Mr. Hauiond as a col loague. But instead of doing that, his friends aro applying a '40-parson power' of talk to get him a pluco beneath his ' ignominious1' as* fociate in the representation. His frionds have put up a pulpit m our publio spaces, and have opened a prayer meeting in the Central Hall. Can the foroe of folly, or fanaticism, or pro ? fanation— we do not quite know by whioh word to describe it— further go? Conceive election Srayer*moeting6 for tho return of the man who oes not believe in the God the prayers are addressed to! Mr. MorToy'R friends must be in dire straits to resort to such methods of sup* porting him, and hp must have QfcftDged tu0 idea of what is ' ignomlous' as suddenly as be - ' changed his ideas of Home Rule. Tbe publie prayer meetings referred to have been held in the Upper Central Hall, but tlioy do not seem to bo well attended. 