AFRICAN-J TRAVEL EXTRA ORDINARY. \--o Profe'ssor Garnior is about to start for the wilds of Africa to study the ape uanid his naive slit:'ouudiigs, ad liUe supplies to the North Aincricau Reloviow an account of wlhat Ii expects to accomplish. lie intonds to ciill to h4 aid t" all the angines of liumtan invention " whilch may condiuu to hissucces=s, oand it would seem .none of JuTles Verne's l orses will hvro the ghost of a chance beside TIIE 1'ROFPScORn'i w1ONDERFItT?, JAOE 'Professor Ga;rnier'sroutlit will, of course, erabracu a phonograph, a photo carners, telephlnes, an' electric battery, ad aso on; but the Imnst novel appointmentwill boa tage, which lhe has specialJy designed for ths trip, and of which hu gives the following dusctip ttlot : The cage is made of steel wire woven into a diaeond-shaped lattice, with a two- inch maesh and framed in strong steel frames. each panel of the cage is three fdot six inches squcru, and there are in all twenty-four panels, each one interchangeable with all the rest, so that they can be united with case into a cubo of seven feet square, and any side willserve for top or bottom, and any panel. can be used as a door. TIt USEia OP TIIE CAGE. The uses to which the cage may be put will, of course, be numerous : It can be erected as easily as a tent, and will be used at night to camp in. It will serve me as a house while I naiy be detained in making terms with the natives or studying their epeeoh ; and it will be a fortress in the junglo, where Imustepond most of my time in trying to find the secret which I seek. But the use of my cage will not belimnitedtoanmere place ofsafetyfrom the wild beasts that prowl through the forests at night : it will servo also as a depot for my supplies. It will be ocked securely to the adjacent trees by three strong chains attached to a Y-shaped iron bolted through the top of the cage. It will contain hammock and camp chair. Beside-s these, it will be occupied by my phonograph, photographic instruments, telephones, and electric battery with which to operate them. A single charge of this electric battery will last for about 300 consecutive hours. By the use of a small switchboard, I shall be able be fire my flash light at night, or to snap my kodak hi the daytime, and to operate my telephones if necessary. In oase of danger or unexpee ed attack, by the use of my switch board and by menus an induction coil, I can charge the entire cage with electricity, developing an alternating current of about 300 volts. In leaving my cage with its con tonts for any length of time, I shall simply charge it in this manner with. lectticity, in order that in my absence my meddlesome neighbors may be induced to let it alone. UNIQUE AND Mt.RVELLOUS. A " unique and marvellous" experiment among the many which the Profcssor expects to be able to perform is that of phonograph ing thosounds of the apes at a distance from his cage, where his phonograph will be located at times. I shall acoomplish this (he says) by means of the telephones which I ams having con striucted for the purpose with a waterproof cable wire connected at one end with the diaphragm of the phonograph, and at the other end (which may be carried any distance, even a mile or more through the forest) con nected with a small telephone concealed in a tin horn ; all of which will be painted a dingy green in order .that it may be con cealed in the leaves or hidden in. the moss or undergrowth of the forest. In front of this horn will be placed decoys, baits, elihries, mirrors, or sucn other means as may be found, necessary to induce the chimpanzees and gorillas to utter their sounds there, which sounds of courae will be immediately trans mitted to, and recorded on the phonograph cylinder, which will be operated by elec tricity. PIrOTOGRAPiY EXTEAORDODcARY. The Professor moeans to nrovide himself with globes for incandesoent light. These will be connected with his battery, so that in case of alarm during the night " the cause may be easily ascertained by simply switch ing on the light for a few seconds." f it is found that anything within the fieldofmy kodak shall be worth potographing, the flash light will be fired and the picture taken,including the cagoeand its surroundings. Amid the deep silence of -the forest I shall take a photograph at nightfall, one' at' mid night and one at the dawn, thus preserving a vivid idea of the approach of darkness, the appearance of the forest by artificial light in the dead, still hours of night. and the awakening of life in the early dawn when the first rays of sunlight, glance through the foliage wet with tropical dew. . roaE .Avhcrr.OUS EATS. These intended feats of photography will to the initiated seem sufficiently startling. But greater wonders remain behind:- I expect to be able to secure photographio views of the home life of these great apes, as also of the natives of the same regions. I hope to secure photographs of their mouths in the act of talking, and at the same time the phonographic records showing the sounds they utter. With the aid of my phonograph I shall record and bring home the sounds of all the creatures of these deep forests that utter speech, and with my camera shall preserve for civilised man photo graphs of the Royal families, the beaux and belles of Royal society in evening dress, the peasantry, slaves, and social parasites, the wild beasts, the tropical birds, and even the slimy serpents that infest the Eden of tropical Africa. Ishall secure the sooial and religious soncrs, the rites and ceremonies, the music and speech of the people. I shall take photo graphs of their homes, which will afford a vivid idea of the domestic life and habits of this curious people, as they may be found worshipping their dieties or dancing in their sins. We mcay thus ascertain how much bondage and civiliesation have respectively wrought for this race by comparing their condition with that of their kinsmen in America, who have grown up under the in finences of oivilisation. This will be an im portant ethnological faot to determine. DIEALY W5ILWNS. The Professor's outfit will, of conrse, in elude some deadly weapons. To fire a gun in the forest would alarm the animals and drive them from'the locality. But the Pro fessor's resources are equal to all emergen cieos : I have devised a gun and missile suited to my secialo usee The gun barrel is simply a straight reed about four feet long, bored out smooth and uniform, and the misselo is driven by the force imparted by two strong rubber bands and two steel springs. The weapon is charged with an arrow or dart having a steel head of peculiar design, which is forced open on entering its quarry, the contents of the arrow-head being thereby discharged. The arrow- head willcontain fifteen drops of prussia acid. In case I shall see an animal or a group of animals which I may desire to secure, by the use of this in strument I can secure either one or all of them, without unnetessary injury or alarm. The effect of this acid discharged in the blood is almost instantaneous and painless death TO KEEi'I TIIE " FEROCIOUS DEAT '" ATf nAY. For personal preservation, Professor Garnmicr lures a more wonderful weapon still: -" My masked battery consists of a rubber canteen of my own devoce, to which is attached a hose abouttwo feet long, on the end of which is a mcetallio nozzlo, provided with a ring to fit the fourth finger, and a valve openinr and closing like a flute key. The canteen will be worn buckled under the arm, while the ring on the nozzle will be wornon the fourth finger of the right hand, so that it may be used on the instant in case of surprise. This battery will be charged with concentrated ammonia, a douohe of which in close quarters will set the most ferocious beast to thinking. "c o 0c. nor TRnuit." Most readers will think the Professor's preparations fairly adequate, but itis gratify ing to learn that if the plans he has laid shall fail "new ones will be thought out and put to the test. "I feel adequate to the task of meeting these animals on theirown grounds, believing that my intelligence will be equal to their brute strength. I am willing to forego the comforts of civilised lifo, the endearments of home, and the blessings of health and plenty, and take upon myself the. hirdshipe, the privation.. andri the toil ofsurch a journey, that I nmay give to the world the secret with which to pass the gates of speeoh. I ask tio reward but euccess, I seek no and but truth." We trust that ho may find it. The as. count of his ptepanrations comes preoious near impressing the sEnglish reader with the' belief that he has neu found it yet.-"Pall MIall IBudget." 