SHAKESPEARE AND THE DRAHA. The «bora w a s : tb« subject of . masterly lecture -delivered in U» Mechanics* Institute Tuesday evening by the Rer. W. D . V ; Reid<rf Yihnar. In tile slwenee of i^e president «f the Institute {lb H ."G. Jon«, J.P.)tbech4ir was ocoapiedbjtbevicepnaiJent (Mr T. A. Pettit). ^ The LECTORKB opened by s«yiug that —No writer is better known, nor, to ose a paradox, worse known than Av.m's noble bard and mighty play-wright— William Shakespeare. He is extensively talked of, frequently wad, bat seldom Btadied. Yet he bas done more to diffuse » knowledge of English history than all historians pnt -together. Recently, however, a new interest has been awakened in Shakespeare, by the efforts of an ingénias American, named Ignatius Donnelly, who vainly «ought to prove that the plays with which the name of Shakespeare stands associated, were written by Lord Bacon. This he did, first by a series of leters to the London press, and afterwards by the publication of his famous Cryptogram. He contends.thatamongst other reasons for advocating the Baconian authorship of the plays, Shakespeare lacked the necessary education, which must have been possessed by the writer, ani also the opportunity* of travel which their author displays in the accurate description of places other than England, in which some of the scenes are laid. When this controversy first attracted attention, the London Punch summed it up in a caricature representing Shakespeare on a pedestal, a boar np- •KJoting the base, acrcss whose back was jrritten "Bacon," and underneath the suggestive explanation, "A pig-headed attack on our immortal bard." Whilst as a solution of the problem, it has been propounded, that after all Donneliy may be partially right, for it may not have been Shakespeare who wrote the plays, but another man of the same name. However, with regard to Ignatius Donnelly's first point, that Shakespeare lacked the necessary learning, it may be remarked that he was educated in the grammar sch..ol of his native town—Straiford on Avon— jbeing one of the schools founded by Edward VI, where he doubtlessly received the rudiments of a good English education; and acquired the little Latin, and- less Greek, which Ben Jonson satirically says he was possessed of. Besides, tbe classics were accessible to the English reader long before the days of Shakespeare, as were also tike histories of Greece and Rome. Bnt on the other hand, the strength of the Shakespearian drama lies, not in scholastic technicalities bnt in their breadth, and depth of human nature, which make their author essentially the poet of humanity. Thus "rare Ben Jonson" with all his classical culture, tried to portray Romans, but when delineated on the stag?, there is nothing Roman about them, save their name and garb. On the other hand, Shakespeare in "Troliusani Cresida " turns Romans into Englishmen, bat still their capabilities are developed without losing their natural consistency, for within each bosom beats a heart in eternal nnison with humanity. In other words, Shakespeare's characters are not abstractions, but men, they represent n»t some one attribute, but all that goes to nuke a man, they in turn become changed and modified by the predominating passion of the scene. Thus, the gallant Macbeth whose letters to-day transports his wife bey< rd the ignorant present, who pricks with ambition the side of his intent, becomes to-morrow a coward before that vision proceeding from a heat-oppressed brain. Whilst Richard the Third, who one ijy delighted not in the weak piping times of peace, but rather in the battle's ?an, and -for whom six Richmond's held no dread, becomes terrified the next by the baseless fabric of a dream. Again it must be remembered that many of the stories on which the plays are founded were circulated in England before his time. For instance, take Romeo and Juliet. The sfcoiy which furnished the ground work of this plot was popular in England long before our dramatic version appeared. Thé original author was Luigi-da-Porto, who published it in 1535. It was borrowed and improved by Bandello in 1554. It is next met with in the French version of B slleforest, The earliest English version is by Arthur Brooke, in 1562, entitled the Tragical history of Rotneus and Juliet, purporting to be taken from the Italian of Bandello bnt agreeing with the French version of Bellcforest in the continuation of Juliet's trance antil the death of Romeo. In 1567 appeared a prose version, by William Paynter, in his "Pala*^ of " Pleasures," whilst the tragedy of Shakespeare did not appear until 1597. The Veronese regard the story a3 true and fix the date of its occurrence in 1303. It bears a strong resemblance to the. love adventures of Abrocomas, and Anthia Zeno of Ephesus. The tragedy of Hamlet is token fro"n the. French of Belleforest, who himself borrowed it from Saw Grammaticus, a Danish historian. The original date is 1204. and the first publication in English 1514, exactly half a century before the birth of Shakespeare. The Merchant of Venice is founded on a combination of two incidents taken from the Gesta Eomanorum, entitled respectively, " The bond and the casket, or The rich~heiress, and the cruel Jew." u e b a S s i With regard to tbe^objeciion founded on the accuracy of description, be it said that one of the most granhic descriptions of India, her people, manners and custom?, has been delineated by a man who never set foot on her shores, and j which has not been surpassed, even by j tlwise who have, viz., that given by Edmund Bnrke in his impeachment of Warren Hastings. Whilst what can surpass that vivid Oriental picture drawn by Moore in . Lailah' Rooke. So striking indeed, that at the time of its publication many found it hard to believe that it was the work -ofa ïnan who never Visited the scenes he so accurately depicted. . Thé strongest évidence however, in favor of the Shakespearian authorship, is tbe fact' that he was regarded as such by his contemporaries. Nor is it presuming too much to assert, that tbe people who knew the man, and witnessed :r liis then accredited productions, were bet-®r judges of their auth-ialiip than a popularity hunting critic three «enturies afterwards. It is a well known fact, that the Bail nf 8oathatnptan, to whom Shakespeare dedicated bis * Venus Adonis,' and the " Cape of Lacrece' presented hhn with £1000 to complete A purchase, tbe tetter being still «xtanjt. Queen Elizabethbeingso pleased with the character of Falstaff in the latter part of Hénty theJToarth. that ^she requested hinr tq write *noti»er pljy in wnich the facetious knight would appear in love ; â task which he completed in the 'Merry Wives «f Windsor* Whilst James tlie First wrote him an amicable letter, in retnrn for the graceful compliment paid to hU Majesty in * Macbeth.' Once more, in 1598, Francis Meres mentions many of the more important plays as Shakespeare's. Again if we c*impare carefully the style exhibited in the plays of Shakespeare, with that in Bacon's Novum Organum, de Augment**, or the Essays the contrast stands prominently forth. Bacon throughout appeals to the reason, Shakespeare to the heart, as the t«*at of alt the affections. But though thé balance of probability points to the Shakespearian authorship, it must ever be borne in mind, that few and scanty are the rrords of that wanderful life whose voice is mightiest in English literature, and which has exerted no mall influence in fanning the nationalcharacter. Greene sums up his history briefly ;—' He was bom, married, wrote plays, and died.' His real biography lies rather in a critical estimate of his •writings, than in the accumulation of uncertain traditions. That he was born at Stratford-on-Avon on Apiil 23rd, 1564 is attested by the baptismal register of that place. His early* occupât ion has been a subject of much speculation and great uncertainty. "By some professed authorities it is held (hat he followed the occupation of his father, John Shakespeare, wool-stapler, by other?, that he was engaged in that of a glover and hosier, whilst a third is inclined to believe that he was a butcher, Malone, holds that during his youth he was employed in a solicitor's office, and Ben Jonson asserts that he performed the humble, but honorable duties of a country schoolmaster. Turning again to the field ef fact, from the by-way of tradition, we leant from the marriage register that at the age of eighteen he was united in wedlock to Anne Hathaway, of Shottery. He is next prominently associated with some wild companions who effected a midnight raid on the deer-pa.k of Sir Thomas Lncy, who instigated . - , proceedings , ...-„,-, against the n cul- 3 . pnts, to evade winch, Shakespeare fled | to London. Pr.or to his flight he, lampooned Sir Thomas Lucy in a ballad which he attached to the park gates. He afterwards satirised the same gentleman under the name of Mr Justice Shallow, in tbe opening scene in tho Merry Wives of Windsor.' It is said that after his arrival in London he earned a precarious living by holding gentlemen's horses outside the theatre whilst the owners witnessed the performance. Subsequently we find h>m identified with the Globeand Blackfriais theatres, in the capacity of author, actor, and manager. The height of his performance is said to have been the ghost in Lis own Hamlet. Here he .gained a competence in a few years, on which he retired to his native town, where he died on his birthday 1616, at the age of fity two, after having fulfilled the task of perfecting the English Drama. AH art in its rise was connected with religion. The church was the birthplace of the modern drama. When the worship of Bacchns was introduced from Egypt to Athens, several feasts were estab.ished in honour of this deity. Two of these were celebrated-with great magnificence. After the sacrifice, in which a goat was slain, the priests and people joined in singing hymns. (Hence we have the first distinct part of tbe drama, viz., tragedy ; the word being derived from tragos, a goat, and ode, a bong.) These hytfms were sung sometimes by the company, sometimes by chosen bands auswering to each other, and thus forming a chorus. From this sprang the dramatic poem, which afterwards became so famous throughout Greet e. The?p : s, woo flourished about 556 B.C., introduced a person who, between the s^ngs, red ëd in verse the deeds of some hero of antiquity. This continued nntil the day : of iE«chjlns, who infused a new s-'Ul into the irage-Jy. Following the example of Greece and Rome, the church laid the drama nuder tribute to instruct the pe«ple of au âge when learning was not diffused, bnt rather pent np within monastic walls, in- religious principle?. Hence we have miracle plays, the first form of the modern drama. By means of these the clergy instructed the people in theological verities. These in turn were succeeded by the moralities, which were designed to enforce rules for the conduct of life. These reached their perfection nnder Henry VII., and formed the first period of the English drama. The second period is that marked by the nion of the secular with tbe religious lement. The third being that produced y the influence and study of classical ntiquity, ending with the reign of hakespeare. The writings of Shakepeare may be grouped under four headngs ; the Historical plays {embracing English and Roman), the Tragedies, Qouiedies. and Fairy Plays. Most of the historical plays, however, come under the heading of tragedy or comedy. Thus 4 Richard the third,' and 1 Anthony and Cleopatra,' fall nnder the former, and 'Henry the fonrth' under tbe latter. The Sir John Falstaff, of whichis undoubtedly the finest comic creation on record. A deal has becasaid about the pernicious influent» of the drama upon society Censure deservedly merited, has been heape&ijipth; on it, and on its exponents. So far. so good, but this covers but one side of the question. On the other side there lies a depraved public appetite, craving for questionable French adaptations, ridiculous burlesques, and absurd farces, whilst in this ocr literary and scientific nineteenth century, Shakespeare still spells ruin. In other words whilst the scholarly and refined George Miln, expounded Shakespeare to almost empty benches, and left Melbourne a bankrupt, Sarah Bernhardt, and »h<\- London Gaiety Company, filled the empty coffers of the theatrical treasury. Thus will it ever be. whilst -gaiety and dissipation hold the chief .place in the minds of the mass, men and women will prefer the comic song and the innuendo, to the serious musings of Hamlet, on the probability «f « future state o r to the effort of Hamlet's onde to pnj, whilst unrepealed, nnatoned gnilt pressed heavily npon Vm, making him realise thatwhiM hia words flgw np, hie tiwnghtg remained below, though word* without his thoughts to heaven ceald never go. i. Similarly on die higher religious kvel, the minister of tbe Gospel has tbe Mine difficulty to - contend against, in his efforts to imprest men with the Knots realities of life*—men who prefer the yellow-back novel, racing, calendar, or -Sunday newspaper to tlw Bible, and the gambling saloon and race eoaree to the tictwy. h^»»». let» « life itself is a great drama, foras Shakespeare sings, * All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players ; they have their exits and their entrances, and each i_.an in his lime plays many parts.* And wonderful are the'varieties of the life drama. With some it is little better than s foolish farce, or as Macbeth in his agonising lioor of despair puts it, * Life's but a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more.' With others it is a tragedy unsurpassed in horror by anything ever represented by Henry Irving from the footights of the Lyceum. This being so, let us each endeavor to the best of our ability, to act a good, a noble, and a manly part in the realistic drama of life ; remembering as sings England's present poet Laureate, ; 'Tieonly nobletofee good; Kind fae<»Tt?are more than coronets, And simple faith than Korman blood." Mr Bei<l was listened to with marked interest throughout by an appreciative audience, and at the close a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him on the notion of Messrs Henden and West.. A similar compilaient to the chairman, on the motion of Mr J. Draffin, -closed tbe meeting. - 