(Written expressly for Th^ Illmtrated Sydney News. All Rights Reserved.) ¿ j! THE "WHITE LADY" OF ASHLEY HALL. !;i NoTsfar from Bowden, in Cheshire, still ! j stands an ancient farm building, once a j|j mansion known as Assheley, or Ashley, il Hall. Before the old house was dis :! mantled, and when it was really a hall, it jj! was inhabited by a family of the name of Mainwaring, which ancient stock, accord- ai ing to Mr. Ottway, resided in that ances- tral mansion. In those days the old gabled house was .j a more picturesque object than it now is, and to it came one Christmas time, to ;| spend the holidays, a young friend of Miss Mainwaring. The girls arrived toge I ther, and the young visitor, whom we will call Miss Ottway, was cordially received by her hostess, a widow. The keen, frosty air and snowclad j| avenue were soon replaced by the warm atmosphere and the soft carpet of the Hall. " I am very pleased to see you, my ¡I dear," said good Mrs. Mainwaring, j Your apartment is the Cedar Boom, and I hope you - will feel quite comfortable i here." j Miss Ottway assured her hostess of the I pleasure she experienced in being at the j hall with her dear friend's mother, and feeling very happy at her kind reception, she went upstairs to the room allotted to j her. This chamber was not often occu j pied, but on this occasion, as the house was filled with company, Miss Ottway was obliged to put up with it, and really it I seemed an excellent room. It had in former days, Miss Ottway, in her narrative, says, been used as an ante- chamber. It was a fine old apartment, and probably the same room still exists, wainscoated with cedar-hence its name and from it opened two doors, one at each end of the apartment. Miss Ottway, glancing around her room, perceived how plain it was. There was no grim tapestry to wave and stir in the midnight draughts, and remind the occu- pant of ghosts or burglars. No family portrait gazed down in gruesome fashion , on-the young lady, and rudely stared at her whithersoever she went, with unblinking eyes. No ancient creaking furniture to alarm one in the middle of the night, and make one start from sleep, panting with fear, with throbbing ears, and heart beat- ing loudly. The windows were sashed. A good large fireplace threw out a pleasant heat into the old quaint room, which, though rather sombre, and perhaps a trifle old and dull, ??. was; nevertheless comfortable and quiet, free from all accessories which . could in any way appeal unpleasantly to the imagination; Dinner over, dancing began, and was kept up with vigpr until after midni ht. . Miss. Ottway thoroughly enjoyed herself, and somewhat regretfully bade her hostess and her particular friend good- night. " I will accompany you upstairs," said Miss Mainwaring, kindly. " I will see that you have all you require." Miss Ottway expressed her thanks. The friends went upstairs, and remained still chatting until one o'clock, striking from the stables, warned them to separate. " You look very cosy here," remarked Miss Mainwaring. " I hope you will .sleep well." " Never fear for that," replied her guest. " I always sleep splendidly." The girls parted. . Miss Ottway retired to rest greatly pleased with her first evening at Ashley Hall. . No sound aroused her ; :she could give no reason for awakening so suddenly, but ?he started up with the sensation that someone was in her room, and leaning over her. Some female was there ! Miss Ottway distinctly perceived the figure of a woman passing across the room. " Who is there ? " she cried. " Who is that?" No reply was made. The figure went on in silence, and passed out ô"f the door. ? This seemed very curious. Miss Ottway was hy no means alarmed, though. She recollected that the Cedar Room was really a passage-room with a door at each end, and, no doubt, generally a thoroughfare from one part of the house to the other. There was nothing very astonishing, then, in the fact of some stranger, one of her late associates, passing through the apartment on her way to bed. *' I suppose I shall find out at breakfast who my mysterious visitor is," thought Miss Ottway. Then, touching the spring of her repeater, which chimed two o'clock, the young lady addressed herself again to sleep, fearlessly. She rested peacefully, and rose in good time, but her astonishment was very great when, as she was dressing, she perceived the keys of both doors inside, and, on try- ing them, found that both were locked. She then remembered that she had herself turned the keys after Miss Mainwaring had left her to go to bed. " The breakfast bell, however, disturbed the train of my reflections," she says, in her narrative. " I hurried hastily down, and thought no more on the subject." " Well, my dear, and how did you sleep?" inquired her hostess, in course of conversation. " "Very soundly," she replied, " except that someone passed through my room at two o'clock, this morning. À mistake, no doubt." . . No one present confessed to this intru- sion. Mrs. Mainwaring looked at the young lady very curiously, and seemed on the point of addressing her, but turned to speak to another gueßt just then entering. " You should lock your doors," whispered Miss Mainwaring in her friend's ear, as she leaned across her chair. Miss Ottway was about to explain, when the conversation was turned into another channel/and the incident was dismissed. The day passed in various occupations and amusements. The evening was plea- sant, but the guests retired earlier than on the previous night j and Miss Ottway went to bed with some little misgiving, but very determined to be sure to lock her doors this time, and to resent any intrusion whatever. She slept calmly, but was again quite suddenly awakened by the same sensations. No illusion was possible. There was the figure again ; the face was quite visible. It was pale, and the large, melancholy black eyes looked sadlv at the girl. The noiseless progress of the mysterious yisi tant, and its sad appearance, robed in white, as it was too, struck Miss Ottway forcibly; She could not take her eyes from it. It receded slowly as she gazed in terror at it, and while her eyes were firmly fixed upon it the figure, perfectly defined, suddenly disappeared. " While I looked it was not," she says. . This second appearance affected the young lady strangely. . She could not sleep again. Her watch told her it was about two o'clock--the same time as the ghostly visitant had come to her on the previous night. In vain she attempted to persuade herself that she had been under some illusion. She could not. The facts were too plain. The "appearance" of the figure could not be imagination, the dress and features were so distinct 1 Miss Ottway made up her mind during those dark waking hours that she would no more remain in the house. She would leave next day, and tell her hostees the reason for her departure. But thé bright, sunny morning, the pleasant company, the approaching race-ball, all influenced her decision. She also dreaded the ridicule which any confession would, no doubt, entail j and replied cheerfully to the in- quiries concerning her night's rest. No one suspected her secret. Everyone was anxious concerning the ball for the next night, and engagements were already being made. But Miss Ottway determined not to retire until the now dreaded hour was past. She succeeded in ' this, and so managed that she did not reach her chamber until two, o'clock had struck. But even then she could not-divest her- self of her fears and dread as easily as her dress. Miss Ottway went round the room very carefully, examining every press and cupboard and again locking the doors, and even bolting them besides. Then, hastily throwing off her clothes, the young lady, with very natural nervousness, ? . ' ' .... i jumped into bed and hid her face in the sheets. Shè lay thus, quaking with fear, for a period she estimates at two hours. . Nothing had disturbed her, and, hearing nothing, feeling nothing, she ventured to put her head outside the bed-clothes and to open her eyes. Surely the dawn could not be long in coming, she thought ; but all such thoughts were quickly banished, for there by her side stood the same figure, "her form bent over me, her face so close to mine that I could have touched it ! " The white dress was actually hanging loose, and the least motion of the girl's hand would have disarranged it. Again Miss Ottway stared at the figure. There it was, apparently real; she could see no more; she fainted. , . . , . The breakfast party had assembled, but Miss Ottway was hot present at the meal. " She is tired," people guessed. " She exerted herself greatly last night. Let her rest as long as she pleases," said her hostess. However, when ten o'clock had passed, the servants and the hostess sought to arouse the sleeper, but in vain. They knocked again and again, till some little alarm' was caused at the guest's non-ap- pearance. At noon, however, Miss Ottway came downstairs, and was rallied by her hostess upon her " early hours," but the joke died away when Mrs. Mainwaring noticed the girl's haggard looks. " Are. you ill, dear P Has anything happened to alarm you ? " asked the elder lady. " I am. not very well " was the reply, " and if you will permit me, I will return home to-day. May I ? " Mrs. Mainwaring looked at her young friend intently. They were alone ; all the other guests and members of the family had gone out. Mrs. Mainwaring only had ' remained in the breakfast room to receive j her young friend. j " Heturn home, my dear ! " she repeated. " Have you any particular reason for wishing to do so ?" " Yes, Mrs. Mainwaring, I have," was the reply. " I can see that you have," she continued, with a nod. " Yes¿ Now tell me all about . it. You are trembling." "I have no wish to conceal, anything from you," replied Miss Ottway, " I will j tell you all." j She then related the experiences she had / undergone ; and her hostess never I questioned nor interrupted her narrative. / She listened gravely, and seemed neither f, surprised, nor alarmed, nor incredulous; but she was full of sympathy for Miss / Ottway. / " My dear young friend," she said, " I | am indeed deeply grieved that you I should have been so disturbed. I have ./ heard some curious tales about that room, but have never credited any of them until this moment. I have always regarded them as idle stories, told to amuse or alarm the curious and timid. The room has not been occupied for years until you came, and the recollection of the stories did not" trouble me. I shall never forgive myself for having put you in there." | Miss Ottway assured her that no harm was done. *, " I am much to blame, my dear. We shall have other arrangements made. But . pray, pray do not mention this matter to anyone. If such an idea once got . ' . ? N possession of the servants, not one would remain. You will promise, will you not?" " Certainly," assented the young lady, " but I think I must go home." "No, no; we will give you another room*, I will make some excuse ; you must stay with us ; you will not be dis- turbed again. Do remain awhile longer." " Indeed, Mrs.. Mainwaring, I cannot. Please, let me go. I cannot sleep here- r-I dread the reappearance of the shape ; and people will be sure to ask questions if my room is changed. I really must gb home." " Very well. If you are so determined, there is no help for it," replied the hostess. " I will give the necessary instructions, and make your excuses, if you must go." "Indeed I must," was the reply ; and she went that afternoon, notwithstanding the great attraction of the race ball, and the temptation of the dance, to which the young lady had naturally been looking forward. But her appearance arid manner supported her plea of illness, and the necessity for her return was not questioned. The incident did not in any way alarm the household, as Mrs. Mainwaring feared that it might. . No ill effects resulted from this ghostly visitation ; but Miss Ottway did not again return to the Hall for some years. Sähe continued her friendship with the family, however, and at length her scruples were overoome. She accepted an invitation to Ashley to meet Sir Richard and Lady Pierrepoint, the brother-in- law and sister of Mrs. Mainwaring. Sir Richard and his wife we^e accom- panied by their children and nurses. Mise Ottway also arrived, and was much interested and amused at first by thc chatter of her hostess's sister, who was one of those obstinate women who, when they have an idea, determine to carry it out, nc matter what opposition they meet with. So in this instance. The children had arrived, and-the knotty point arose, where should they sleep ? The hostess, of course deferred to her sister, who had' airead; inspected the mansion. "Oh, in the Cedar Room, of course,".she said ; " it is spacious and airy. Thai shall be the nursery." Mrs. Mainwaring turned pale, and ai once objected faintly. ." Oh, no," she said, as calmly as possible " That room is too cold. They cannot slee] there." " Yes, they can ; besides, I want them U be hardy and strong." " But just think how far it is off fron us," pleaded Mrs. Mainwaring. " We shal never hear the children if they cry," " All the better," rop'ied their mother who would have resented such a speed from anyone else. "The noise they mak playing would disturb you if near." " But,*' pleaded Mrs. Mainwaring, " fear-" " Don't know what it is," interrupted he sister. " I say it shall be the Cedar Roor or none ; so let that be settled." . Mrs. Mainwaring was ashamed to conies the true reason for her fears, and Mis Ottway was bound to silence on the subj ec of the spectre of the White Lady. Bu she had a strong misgiving, and saw th little cots, the toys, the beds and rocking horse bestowed in the great passage-rooi with anxiety. But her fears seemed to be groundles A week, ten days, a fortnight passed, an no complaints were made concerning tl spectre. Mrs. Mainwaring was congrati lating herself upon the fortunate issue < the matter, when one afternoon, when st went to visit her nephews, she round thei busy packing up their toys and plaything " Why, children," she cried, " are ye going to leave me so soon ? Are you tire of Ashley and auntie ?" " Oh, no, aunt," they cried warmly « not one bit!" " Then why are you packing yoi toys?" "Because," said the eldest boy in quiet, confidential tone, " we're going bide our things from the White Wornt who comes in here at night. She came : last night and Sunday, and she has su< big eyes, aunt. She stands there by 01 bed and never says a word. Ask Fre Who is she, Aunt ? What does she con here for?" * ' . ' " Oh dear, oh dear ! " exclaimed Mi Mainwaring, glancing round, " what she I do P. You shall have another room." She turned to ring the bell, great relieved to find that the nurses had lc the» room before the toleration had taken place. A'"'"-; The servant came quickly in reply to the bell. ? ? " Where is the housekeeper P Tell her to have the children moved from here ; the room is not suited to them. Do you hear? Ask no questions, but have the change made to. the other wing." " That room is not fit for the children, and I am having them removed," she said 'to her sister! V "Ohl what reason have you? I should 'like to know." "'_ " A very good one, depend upon it. I am not acting without cause ; you must allow me to arrange my house as I please this time." " Oh, of course, as you like ; if you have any reason, do BO." The change was accordingly accom- plished without any particular difficulty. Surmise and inquiry failed to elicit any reason, and the children, who were not supposed to know it; were not questioned. But the subject was in their minds, for after dinner, in a pause of conversation, one said : " Oh, mamma, let me tell you something about the White Lady up-stairs." Fortunately, Lady Pierrepoint was deep Thé large, melancholy black eyes, looked sadly at the girl." in contemplation of something, and did not catch the remark. Mrs. Mainwaring at once pressed dessert upon the lad, and heaped upon all the children such a quantity of sweetmeats, that they were fain to leave the table and carry their spoils upstairs to the new nursery. Mrs'. Mainwaring,' however, was very uncomfortable. After dinner she confided her feelings to Miss Ottway. " My dear," she said, " this White Lady will be the death of me. I can see that. I should die if she appeared to me, I'm . sure. I couldn't sleep io that room. " " Have you no clue to the apparition ? " asked Miss Ottway. " No ; there was one secret which dear Mainwaring would never disclose-some family business of long ago; but I never fathomed it» We can only conjecture, and accept the facts as they appear." "Would it not be better to close the room entirely ? " suggested her visitor. " I think so. Yes, I will lock it up. I am afraid to pass through it. The spectre is a warning to my husband's family. I am thankful my sister knows nothing of it. It is my doora." So it was settled that the dreaded room was to be closed, and it was shut up for many years. But the time came when Ashley Hall was to be the scene of much festivity and rejoicing. Young Mainwaring had come of age and the bid house waa full of 'people. The Cedar Room . Was again opened and cleaned, but '* Mrs. Main- waring would noll permit1 anyone to sleep in it. On that point she was firm. The apartment was1 a thoroughfare and too draughty for a guest. Amongst the guests at the old hall on that auspicious day was the narrator of these incidents,, the young, lady whom: we have called Miss Ottway. She came over to join, in the congratulations of friends and tenantry, to welcome the heir, and to assist his kind mother in attending to hex numerous guests. The whole mansion was thrown open;; everyone was admitted to the grounds, and all who had any claim entered the house and personally congratulated the heir. The tenantry assembled on the lawn at noon, and the youth, with his mother, re* ceived, on the steps j the hearty, loud, and loyal welcome and congratulations of the tenants, who cheered lustily before dis- persing to do ample justice to the viande prepared for them. This ceremony had scarcely been ful- filled, and 4<he croud had not yet dispersed when Mrs. Main waring's presence wai desired in the drawing-room, where' thc 'more fashionable guests were rapidly assembling. Quitting her son's side with an admoni- tion to bim to rejoin her as quickly as possible, Mrs. Mainwaring hastened indoors to receive her guests. As she hurried on she entirely forgot the ominous character of the anti-chamber through which she was passing. The Cedar Boom was empty. The hostess rapidly divested herself of her bonnet and shawl. She would not go up-stairs to her room and keep her guests so long waiting. Throwing the shawl and bonnet on a couch, she stepped up to a tall mirror, fixed between the windows, to arrange her hair and adjust her dress. She had finished, and wäB about to turn away, when, glancing upward again, she beheld,, peering over her shoulder, the pale face and wild eyes of the White Lady, whose figure was plainly visible in the mirror. Mrs. Main waring's terrible shriek and the sound of her heavy fall backwards brought the servants and some guests into the anti-chamber. What was the matter? The poor lady could not explain. She cried and pointed to the mirror, and her somewhat incoherent cries decided her son to send for the physician, who was luckily not far off. He immediately ordered Mrs. Mainwaring to bed, and seemed anxious ' about her. She appeared dazed, and the doctor con- sidered that she must have sustained some severe and sudden mental shock. But as to what the shock was caused by he could form no opinion. It was more mental than physical. Miss Ottway alone could have explained. She guessed the cause ; but, in the ab- sence of any proof, and remembering her promise, she refrained from saying any- thing of her suspicions concerning the White Lady. Mrs. Mainwaring had un- doubtedly had a severe fall, and this was generally deemed sufficient reason for. the brain fever which supervened, and which kept her so long a prisoner. But when memory and reason again returned, she told her friend what she had suspected-the. White Lady had appeared to her, and Mrs. Mainwaring was terribly alarmed. Her mind continually dwelt upon the vision she had seen. She never really recovered her health, and in a few weeks after she regained consciousness she failed and died-a victim to the malign influence of the White Lad j. [Thé Australian rights of this story have been purchased by the Proprietors from Messrs. Cassell and Co., London.] . -.---- . Maurice Materlinch, the young Belgian, who has been dubbed " the modern Shake- speare" by his admirers, is a G-hent barrister, hot yet 30 years of age. ' Al- though he began writing at 17 years of age, he only became known quite recently, and, as no one is a prophet in his own country, was looked upon as being rather a fool than otherwise by his parents and friends. His best-known work, a drama in five acts, entitled " Princess Maline," was written in three nights. It has a certain resemblance to King Lear." Maurice Materlinch is a tall, fair-haired young man; he can read English, but cannot speak it. Besides writing, he is. an adept at bee-keeping, cottage gardening, skating, and bicycling; this autumn he hopes to wheel to Paris, a most delightful journey. He smokes all day, is of a retiring dispo- sition, and seldom, if ever, allows himself to be drawn by the interviewer in search of copy. * * * Mr. George Steadman is the champion wrestler of the world. Ile was born at Aspy, in : the county of Westmoreland, forty-six years ago. His father was a farmer, and he was only sixteen when he commenced his career as a wrestler. A few months-after this he began to wrestle in public* and during the last thirty years .there has scarce been a week when he has not come off victorious in some wrestling ring. He wrestles in all styles, and won three successive years Sir John Astley's belt from Lillie Bridge. This wonderful man- measures 47in. round the chest, 6ft. 10£in. from tip to toe, and weighs 18st. 31b. 