Agricultural Doprosslon and !Laz! Tho etornal and inoxorablo law that tho only price of good things is labor has its application to tho subject of agricultural depresriou, says President Jordan, of Loland Stauford, jon., University, in an article in a recent number of the Forum. Though the enemy has sown taros in thu tax laws while the fnnnor has slept, this aloue cannot cause agricultural depression, nor can iuordinate ponsions, wasteful subsidies, and the tyrauny of capital combined, if the farmor himself wero not, in somo degree, at fault. At any rato, tho romody is in his own hands, and, while striking a blow at the cause of injury, he should loot at himself, to see what port of the blame is duo to his own weakness and lack of foresight. Tho “ Talentless heir* of povorty which, Henry Georgosayi, yawns beneath civil society, is duo to tho presence of a hordoof men who would gain something for nothing; the natural penaltjr for laziness is ono of tho important ole* incuts iu our so*called agricultural depression. A notion having been spread among country pooplo that the dwellers in towns do not have to work hard for a living, has caused tbo farmer to think he ought to take his rest, and the interest on the time thus borrowed is becoming a heavy charge. ‘ ‘ While crossing Indiana, on a bright, growing day in April,’, says President Jordan, “I counted forty men and boys around the rail* road station at Clovordale, where a crate of live chickens was tho solo contribution to tho train's load. These wore farm boys, who ought to have been at work in the fields, and viljago boys who might have been doing some thing somowhere. Those idlers on the station stops wero ombodiod ghosts, dead to all life and bopo, with only forco enough to stand around and gape. At my destination I saw sixty mon and Doys, who had no need of euros of auy kind, because they wero already dead, stauding on a street corner, liatoniug to tho noisy vendor of a rheumatism euro. Moat of theao wero farmers, whoso neglocted farms lay bathed in tho sunshine, tho oarth ready to re joice only at tho touch of a boa. Back on tho old farm, in Now York, whore I was horn, tho spot which my father won from tho forest, and on which bo lived in froedom andiudopondonco, kuowing no master, dreading no tyrant, holmd poorer tools than are now usod, poorer build ings, interior facilities for transportation, lowor prices, and uncertain markets; still ho know nothing of agricultural depression. When crops wero small, and prices low, ho simply worked the harder, I ilmi on tnat farm, to-day, tenants who barely make a living. I find uu pruned fruit trees, wastod toreat trees, brokon waggons—evidences of wasted time and un thrifty labour.” An old woman iu Tenuesseo expro?Rod a great economic truth in theso words; “Poor folks has poor way},” If a man spend a day in tho harvest lime in efforts to send a fool to tho Legislature, or a knave to Congress, should he complain if tho laws tho fools and knaves mnko add to hiB own taxes V Who but ho is to biauio if tho laws ostensibly mado in his interest Biinply shift tho burden from ono ofliis shoulders to tho others If ho stand all day in tho public square, spellbound by a tramp with an accor dion, or, still worse, if ho lounge about on tho sawdust floor of a saloon, talking tho vilo stuff wo agree to call “politics,” never reading a book, never thiuking a thought above tho level of tho sawdust foor, need ho bo surprised if his opinions do not meet with respect'( It is not cheaper mouoy the farmer needs, hut doaror mon ; men whoso timo is monoy, and whoso labor is worth tho labor of other mon; men who know how to do <4.. * lh>t,R in tho Ju>Mt woy, ntwl nan thnroby do their part in alleviuting “ industrial do pression.” A busy man tho oldtitno farmer was; and being busy, ho found timo for every thing. Ho read bound hooks; ho on joyed tho pleasures of travel; ho educated his family ; ho kept intelligent watch on all tho affairs of tho day. Ho did not tiud time to stand on tho station stops, in tho middle of the afternoon, to watch a thousand trains go by, on a thousand consecutive duys. Ho carried no handicap load of tobacco and whisky. Ho wont to tho country seat when ho had hnnmcss tliore; he wout wfth clean clothes, and came back with a cioau conscience. Hu had not timo to spend ouch seventh day on tho court house-square, talkirg tho dregs of scaudat and politics. 