MY UNOCLE'S GHOST. 1--..----~--+*ol BY FRANCIS FOOTE, One rainy evening last week I lounged into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk and smoke. One of my uncle's hobbies was to beysurrounded at all times by young men ; and, indeer,. he seemed little more than a boy himself in feelings, although he had passed his fiftieth birthday. And we were all devoted to " the major," as we called him--I believe' that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when we were in .% college scrape; no one who would loan money so readily when an allowance fell short; there was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then his wines and cigars were unimpeachable. On this particular evening I found him stretched out before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he bler huge rings of smoke from his pipe. " HIow are you, Tom 1" he said, lazily; "you've saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mopei and think of m ghost.": " Your ghost ?" I echoed: " Why, yes; you kiiorr. i have the pleasure of owning one. Do you mean-that I have never told you the story ?" I say " No," emphati.alily, and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. S" Order whatever you wish, Tom," he said. "I'll take a drop o4 brandy straight, and you will find the - st cigars on the top At last we were comfortably settled. and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go right through as they' do now, and stopped oftener. It might have been five o'clock in the evening, and we had one more night to ride, when the train began to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. "The seats were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might. have the other half of mine. Of course I said 'Yes.' There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of a bag with her. " You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when I see her, 'and a lady. She was both, although her dress was plain and black, and her gloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en tertainine of which I offered her, and when I she thanked me, her voice was- the sweetest I have heard-low soft and musical. "By Jove 1" said the major, excitedly, as he reached for the brandy, "I know that woman would sing with her whole soul; she couldn't have helped it with that voice. "Well," he continued, " she took up a book, ;but she didn't read much ;'just turned the pages at random; and sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were.in happy or in trouble. When the conductor came through she called him and asked about a berth. "' I am sorry,' he said; ' you should have telegraphed. We are very full, and there is nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section ?' "I would,' she replied ; ' although a lonier berth would do. You are sure you cannot a commodate me?' "'Lm sorry,, miss,' but I don't see how,' and that burly conductor did seem sorry, out of sympathy, as he saw the troubled expres sion in the girl's face.` ' . " Then I spoke,- "' I have h whole, section to myself,' I said, 'and I ali'ays prefer the upper berth.; so if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it'to you.' This was a lie, for I had never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy, enough. to ..warrant ajlieof.that. kind. "I shall never forget the glance she gave me. I had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a deep violet; almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks.. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called her.ill until you saw her lips, which were like'a 'strip of scarlet on the snow. 'Another thingI noticed was a tiny scar, which. looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple, " I tried'to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me Spleasantly, she said nothiri'g by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why she was travellins alone. :: "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grw very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tnpping: her foot. She glanced at mne once or twice, but to all appearances I ni's deep in my book; "' I've got to do it, I heard her say.in the faintest'possible voice. Iideled, poor child, I doq't believe be; knewthat she, spoke aloud, so occupied was she with her owy: thoughts. .: : .! ' "In a few moments she poke again, still talking to herself, " They niust never find him about me. It ould spoil :all, and I wouli -ever -' "I lost',the next two words,. but. theyv sounded like 'disgrace him.' She seemed aware then that she had spoken aloud, anid looked quickly at me. I.tirnied ' paIge of my book and settled: back farther into my corner. Then; she opened hier little bag and took from it'a ipicture. As lear:as I could mlake out it was the likenIess:of an aristocratic young.man- with blue eyes~ arid- smiling lips. " She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately, then she kissed it ferventlyp::under cover of her handker chief. ;' After that, she cbvered it with both hande, gave one little sob, and then began tb tear that picture into inch bits. "' Ah, ah, a lover's qiarrel I' I thought; and yet it didn't seen likethat. It was too serious;like a parting forever. "In a little while she turned to me;., She was paler than ever ani. the old scar was1 brighter. "'Will you please open the window?' she asked. 'I have something to throw away.' A', - "Idid as she wished, and she scatt'ared the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. " 'Now that is over the rqit will be domparativelyj easy,' sh:e said th\is time to me" What will be easy,' I ventured. " ' Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,' she repliedo .I suppose I"mean life will be easier. wile we live; and death when we di 'e. " ".' Life ... vl always -be easy for one as young as yo... elf, I said, gallantly. ": She turned her beautiful eyea toward me agail, and her glance was like a shock fronm 'a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, siowly,- ..... " "'Life to be easy must be swveet. Mine has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the 'has been' "'too sweet to last; but now--: well, all, will be right in the future, I have no fear.' And she turned away. " After that I could only make her speak ain monosyllables. "At last that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which might be found. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. " There was a little, scraggly, pale Novem ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the.berth below.'- I even seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant odor. All my senaseas ' Were abnormallyr ctive, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. " When finally Idid sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand fight to see which of us should save the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. " I had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had made up my mind that I would have a little talk with the young lady before I left the car. In thi morning when I arose I went to the front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it had been all night, the girl had not yet appeared; could she be ill I I was very near my stopping-place-I could not go without saying good-by. The porter passed through. I called to him and told him that there was a lady in that berth who had not yet been heard from. She might be sick. " He went to the berth directly, and made one startled exclamation. The passengers began to crowd around.' There she lay, the lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips still that wonderful dash f red, but her face was like marble, her hands were ice, and her heart-ah ! there was no action there. She was dead I "By her side was a bottle half-lilled withi laudanum, which showed that she had taken her own life. ".I did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she Was, and why she did it. I just took one lorig, parting look, and touched her pretty brown hair; then 1 went out to the platform again, and remained there until I reached my station." The major smoked violently, for a few moments. "But where does the ghost come in?" I asked at length. "The ghost 1" he said, with a suggestion of 'paSi3ion'nhisvoia,, -wli:hls tha -.jigbEbd, there before; "she is the ghost. u iitrile face, black dress, and violet eyes, have haunted me more or less ever since. I cn. hear her sweet, musi.al voice aa plainly td day, when I will allow myself. as I did.then, and it was fifteen years ago. There isa place in my heart now for those poor little mended gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic story. "'I am neveronduty at night that she does rot stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading. look, until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she vanishes, and I know it was-you will say an illusion, a fancy-Lcall it her ghost. " : "How many times have I wished that in some way' I had gained possession of that man's picture. I would have pasted them together if it had taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged toat poor girl for the wrong he had done. Yes, wrong,.for 1 know that in some "way he had driven her to her death. Per. haps that is why I have never married. I can't tell.: I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is ; and I saw her but once ;: she was not even a name to me; of herself, . her character, I know nothing, and I:am called a man of the world' "And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion," I arthappier n.. a dtark, stormy night like this, i'ii the prospect-of coming lihome to be with iher:-' spirit, ter memory, i:ryou will, tha iI should be if I :knew another,; a real woman, was waiting to flinig sofE arms about, my neck, to kiss' me. with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom ; I seldom speakof my own feelings' ahd emotions, but perhaps no.w'. you can' faintly ,inderstand. howimuch reality there can be iven in a ghost.: ' The.;major had gained :complete 'control of .;imself once more, arid wis :nodding good humoredly. over his pipe as if romance,: .women and he had always been,- as .they el-ýays would be, strangers. 