TALES AND SKETCHES ; 01 Baritone's Widow. Tite cool Juno light waft sifting through tho screon of grape- loaves that veiled fhomilk-rooin window from tfrtt inquisitive glare of tho hiiii ; tho hunch of scarlet field-lilies in tlio huadfafaftft blue pifchor was scarcely faded yot f ftnd < 'omiiiumiio Lartor, skimming fhelenthorv folds of wrink ling cream from iho broad pans, woro » heightened eolor on her chcoks oh sho listened to Miss Deciino JohiiHOii'n word/ "Will Hamorslio going to. marry tho widow Baritono?" «uul hIim. 44 I don't fxdiove ft word of it ! " " You can holiovo it or not, juat as yorr choose, Biny Carter," said Mian Denima, bridling 5 44 hut it's aft truo «« fh<y text of t 'arson Djlliiighum'H next Monday sermon. Why shouldn't ho marry her, I'd like to know ? " JFinw Cartor — pronounced 44 lUniu " wasfairand plnmpandMnonth-skinnud, with tender Who oyes, and lips rnddor thai any wild plum. Mow Deoknii was saffow and spectacled, with angles enough for a now edition of 41 Kuclid." f)uo reason is," Biny answered ftfowIVr " that ho is engaged to mr," "That don't mako no difforouco," aftid Mian Deeimn, wBli n malicious chuckle; "now that bnmoh-o'-pro- miao cases are out of fashion, men think fhoy can do ns thoy plcaso. And Mm, Baritone i« a vory nieo-look- fag woman yet, if aho i« gono aixty, and you know thorn's the legacy who's fust received /remold Undo Baritone's bachelor Warner, lip in Mica. aim WW Hamorslio always did sot storo by money! His father as uvory »»iio knows, wns a miser before him!" Jfiny Carter went on skimming hor fnitk with compressed lips, and a now . ' sparkfo in hor eyes. oho was too Jnroud, hoforo fkeima JoIiuhou, to tit to tears fall, which worn already obscuring hor vision, " 0/ course, hecan dons ho ploascs,". said she, "Oh, of course. Nobody doubts that/' rotortod Dcoima Johnson. "But tho main thing f cntnn for was to oak if you woro going to the dona tion party to- morrow afternoon?" "No,' "said Biny, shortly. 41 rather does not approve of donation-parties." "Mrs, Baritono and Will ITmnorMiu are to bo thoro," slyly suggested Alms JJtecima, "Are they?" said Biny, "That makes no difiVironeo to mo." "Oh!" said Docimn; and then, seeing old Squire Ball jogging print in his road-waggon, she suddenly re membered that she had promised n erochot-pattern to Mrs. Bull ; and taking n; hurried leave of Biny Carter, sheh on need out into tho fervid sum mer glow of tho outside world and disappeared. Then, and not until thou, Biny sat down by a bubbling little Miring walled ttp in tho corner of tho milk-room, and cried, "Are all men liko that, I wonder?" sard Biny, nddrossing her own redac tion in the limpid fw»ol, " If thoy uro, 1 think I'll go and be a nun. Mrs. Baritone, indoed I A woman old enough to be his motlior! And tho widowof that drunkeii eld fiddler who felt over the Tamo Cliffs, three years ago, and perished as miserably as ho hftd fifed. And nil boeniiHO of—a legacy t Oh, I've no patience with people ! " And then Biny cried harder than ever, and tried to convinco herself that the whole story wns not truo, but only an offshoot of Docimn Johnson's imagination But it iron truo. Jn soino things Miss Deeirna Johnson's tongue had onfy Wne a correct witness. Willard Hamerslio had inherited somowhutuf his miserly father's griping, grinding temporarnenf, Ifo was omphatically it money worshipper, and hml allowed himself to bo dazzled by tho widow Baritone' legacy. Mrs, Baritono horsolf wns a trim, nent-waisted litflo woman, who looked many years youngor than her actual ago, People woro uneharitnblo onoiigh to say that she had becomo young since tho sudden death of liorliiisbaua, whose numerous faults and back- sliding had kept her perpetually 011 the ragged edge of apprehension. "fie was a trial, Baritono was," confessed tho widow, candidly. "Thoro ain't no denyin' that. But I never knew how much store sot by liim until they brought homo his poor, battered hat out of tho limo Icilu, and told me that wan nil that was loft of himl Boor, dear Baritono! Ho al ways said that women hadn't no busi ness Ut marry again ; but ho novor could hnvo forenoon this legacy. How is a poor female to invost it without little advice? And, ronlly. Air. Tfamerslie is no pressing; and I'vo fired A solitary life for throe years, come next October, and——" The last conjunction was swullowod TTp m a deop sigh. Blainly, tho citadel which represontod tho widow Baritone's heart wns about to sur render nt discretion. She sat thoro in tho nontly kept kitehon, knitting away, in hor black calico gown and blaek-ribhonod cap, when Mr, Ifamerslio camo in tlmt afternoon. How wns uho to know that he had just boon closing up tbat fittfa account in Ix»vo'h lodger with Columbine Cat tor ? flow was sho to dream of Biny's scornful tears, lior Indignant rejection of tho man's miser able subterfuges ? "You have never loved rao," said Biny, "Tf you had, you novor could have left mo in this way. uo to your rich widow 5 T, for one, will novor stand in your path. Nor shall I stoop to enlighten hor as to tho truo char acter of the man sho is about to marry," So Biny had dismissed hor lover. Will Hamerslio had wiocod a little, ft was not the sort of parting which ho had pictured to himsolf. It robbod him of oil dignity nnd njttomb. But it couldn't ho liolpod, Columbiuo wns such nn imnotuous littlo thing, tlmt sho novor allowed him tho oppnrtuuit) to utter tho smooth speech wliieh ho had Hociirofull3rcoiPiiiitted to momnry. It was Awkwnnl, but it was unavoid able. Airs. Baritono smiled broadly upon her young wooer us ho entered bur prcsonco. " fcjo you'vo coino back again," said she. Ho sat down, and took hor hand. 44 Do you think I could long romain nwny from yon ? " "That's all noiiftonso," said Airs. Baritone. But, uovcrtholcss, sho <li(l not withdraw her huml. 44 You promised mo your nnswor to- day," said ho. " You can iumgiuo how eagerl I am waiting for it !" " Well, really, I don't know what to B113," simpered Airs. Baritone. " If I beliuvml you ronlly loved inn " " Can you doubt it, Afuh'ssa ?" softly whispered Hiimorslio, thinking of tho tun-tliousaml-dollnr legacy from old Undo Buritonu's bachelor brother. " But I'm so much olilor than you arc." " Ijvo does not go by tho calondar," reasoned All. Ifnmorslio, tenderly. 44 And Ihiritonu always objected to second liiurriugos," persisted tho widow. " But Baritono is dead and gono !" impatiently retorted tho lover. 44 What can I10 pOHftibl have to do with it?" JtiNt thon occurred cue of thoso mar vellous hnpponings wliieh havo given rise to the saying that 44 Truth is stranger than fietiou." Tho front door — (IVrCI/i UJUg LU iJ!U A liQLJu Uilfl- torn of tho place, was novor locked — swung slowly open, and in tho door way stood tho woll-known liguro of — old Undo Baritono himsolf 1 44 Hello, Atoliss !" was his grooting. 44 You sooin to bo onjoyin' of yourself protty well ! Ami wiio tho dickons is thin young man ? " Mrs. Baritono juinpod up with a scronm. Mr. AVillnrd Hamerslio caught up tho pokor and straightway retreated behind tho cooking-stove. 41 If you nro a ghost !" ncroamod tho widow, " don't coino any noaror!" 44 If volt uro a tramp, got out of this houso !" roarod namorslio, brandish- nig the pokor after a most throatoning fashion. 44 T ain't noithor ono nor tho other," said tho apparition, loisuroly floating itself. 44 It's mo ! Bonjamiu Baritono, as ovory body supposou was killed in tho limo pits ! But I wasn't. 1 had tho luck to tuinblo out of tho kilns, ns I'd tumbled in, and I was tliut ashamed, ns I took inysolf off for good nnd nil, says I to myself : 4 Old follow, your wifo is ashamed of you, nnd so is ovorybody olso. And ou ain't of no use in thu world, oxoopt to go Oddliug around to barn frolics nnu husking bees.' Ho I smashed my ilddlo, and I ran nwny. But timos is hard, and it aiu't onsy to j)iek up a liviu' whon a man gots to my time of Bfo, so lioro 1 um back again ! Aud I've signod Uio tompcrnnco plodgo, and I moan to stick to it, this tinio. Give mo a kiss, old girl 1" And so tho widow Baritono was a widow no longer. 44 Won't 3ou stay to suppor, young mnn?" snid old Undo Baritone, hospitably, as ho saw Will Hamorslio fooling about for his hut undor tho tnblo. But Mr. Hamorslio doriinod tho invitation. Mr. Baritono onjoyod tho logncy, himsolf— nor was his wifo altogether dissatisiiod at tho unoxpoctod turn which things had takon. r Flo always wns a good husband," said sho, 44 oxcopt in tho mnttor of ardont spirits. And in that thoro particulo, ho's a roformed man. Aud ronlly no ono couldn't imngino how choorful his fiddlo sounds about tho houso, whon I'm n-doin' of tho chores." But Will Hamorslio was loss re conciled to fnto. Ho had lost tho widow — nnd Columbiuo Cnrtor would hnvo nothing moro to say to lum. 44 1 want no Rocond-hnnd lovor," said Bin, laughing. And whon TInmorslio saw hor lnugli, ho know that Lovo wns Hod. Ho wns right. "Within flix months, Columbiuo was married to a youug lawyer who hud como down from Albany to soaroh somo title-deeds in thoeourt-housorocords. Andourluck- lcss horowns loft with noithor wifo nor logncy. Bo ruu tho fortunos of Lovo ! — New York Lfdift'r, 