Horseracing. By "Waxy " Only a moderate aceoptnnoo was declared for tho Queensland Gup on Tuesday, ton declining out of 29 entered, but it is only fair to say that some of them wont out on uccount of tho dlstnnco rather than of tho woight, wliilo Con cussion's withdrawal was virtually mado in tho Trial Stakes nt Gatton, before tho weights ap- peared for this raco. Twonty-six out of 35 is a satisfactory list of contents for tho Sand- gate Handicap, and I question if many moro will rotiro on Tuesday noxt, when third paymonta aro duo. Tho gonoral ontry filled woll, tho only distinct failure boing tho Haidon Plato, a raoo, whioh was abandoned somo years ago by tho Q.T.O. Committee as unpopular with owners, uninteresting, and unprofitable, but which was restored to tho programmo this year, on what grounds it is hard to say. With a nomination of nino tho oxporimont is not likoly to bo re peated if tho interests of tho olub and f tho Bporting ptiblio are considered. Tho Trial Handicap or Plato, at spooial weights, whoso placo has boon umirpcd by tho Maiden, always filled well, and thero is' no doubt that tho olub has suffered by tho ohango. Maiden Plates, in a country whore there is bo mnoli racing, with so fow horses to race, are unacbronisms, survivals of the good old days whon tho conditions of tho sport wero quite different from thoso wit are nolv raoing undor, when raco meetings wore fow and for between and tho ohangos word not rung upon tho samo horses ovor and ovor again, na tlioy aro now ; when the Maidon Plato was tho piece de resistance, tho most oovoted prizo of tho annual programme, und tho com parative rarity of raoo meetings loft a largo numbor of horses always eligible for maidon races. Now wo liavo so many meetings that horses which havo not won a race of somo kind or othor aro comparatively fow, and tho fow of suoh inforior quality that their ownors do not core to raco thom at any. meeting above tho rank of n pothouse gathering. In the good old days, too, when Maiden Plates flourished, not only wore tho conditions undor whioh raoing was carried on voiy different from thoso that obtain to-day, but the condi tions of Maidon Plates themselves wore far moro open than undor tho now rules. Then, winners at throe-yoar-old and over wore eligible as maidens, provided that thoir "braokots".wore earned after ontry, and tho data of . entry was oftori, if not always, fixed for a day ao long before tho ovent, thai by the .time tho Maiden Plato oome to ho run for, by a field of say ten or a dozon, not ono of the lot was a maiden at starting. Two- year - old wins again nover disqualified for a Maidon Plato ; it was alwavs " on tho cards " that tho winners of tho Caulfiold Great Foal Stakes, the Maribyrnong Plate, tho Ascot Yule Stakes, the Champagno, and, indeed, of all tho great two-year-old races of the year, iiuguit uu wgeuioi: in u luuiaeu xuuo. .It is only within a very fow yoars that thoso oxcessivoly liberal conditions havo been altered for moro oxolusivo ones in New South Wales. I remember seeing Nordbnfeldt win the Maidon Plato at Randwiok, on tho Tuesday, aftor winning the A.J.C. Derby oh the previous Saturday. The old conditions of raoing, and tho old com prehensive conditions of the Plates themsolves, always secured largo entries for tho latter, generally big fields, of good horses, and ovon If tho numbor of starters was somotimes Bmall, tho quality was sure to bo first rate, and the contests in cither caso interesting and excit ing, Excopt in remote country placos, thou, whore tlio priinitivo conditions of rociug still ob tain, Maiden Plates are out of placo in a pro gramme. Thoy our vivo at Randwiok, Homing- ton, and Caulfiold, whore, howover, thoy havolopt prestige, and aro losing popularity and sup port from horao" oWncra, and you rarely seo a raco for maidons olsowhoro, Trial Stakes (handi caps or w,f.a.), whioh meet modom require ments far bettor, boing substituted by most oluba. Tho hurdlo races soourcd fair ontrios, but hardly so tho stoopleohuso, for whioh 11 horees only aro nominated. . Tho Boiling racos filled woll, and so did tho w.f.n. races. Tho final forfeits for tho Dorby, however, ;if not disap- pointing (for nobody expootod ahything inuoh better) arc.unBatisfaotory, only eight remain ing in the raoo, some of the team having hot the ghost of a show on paper. Saoh a prestige, however, uttaohes to a classic raco, like the Derby, alboit a remote provincial ono, that ownors pay up and start thoir nominations for it against horses they would not venture to' meet in a handicap if the latter were oonoed- ing two or three stone. Southport races tako plaoo on Monday noxt. Syrian or Kingsloy may win the 1£ mUo, and Syrian or Tobooba tho three-quarter mile. The Trial Handicap may go to Syrian orMaggio Laiidor. _ The Toowoomba Turf Club has issued a very liberal and outioiug programmo of raoing for Monday und Tuesday, Deoomber 26 ana 27. Tho added money comes to ubout £460; and tho principal itomB aro tho Christinas Handicap of 90 bovb., 1 mile; and tho District Plate (handi cap) of 70 revs., 9 furlongs. Nominations for thoso and all other handicaps are due on Tuesday, -Nuyemuttr 25, ana may be made to the seoretory, Toowoomba, up to 8 p.m; on that date, or to Mr. Fountnoy, Font's Build ings, Brisbane, up to 4 pten. .Not loss liberal and attraotivo is the bill of fore put forth by tho Ipswioh Turf Olnb, also for December 20 and 27. Tho prizo money at Athena comes to £600, bnt distributed over 14 .raoos, two of which aro for ponies. The big raoos are the Turf Club Handicap, of 100 so vs., II mile ; and tho Sammor Plato (Handicap), or 70 sovs., 0 furlongs. Nominations for all handicaps close with Mr. Bcrni, secretary, Ipswioh, on Monday, Novombor 28, at 8 p.m. Breakfast Crook will probably bo orowuod on WUIIUUBJ IW'UWllUW/, UlA bilU WUU41UU Ul AAA I'. E, O. Butlor's bouollt. Very largo ontrios wero recetvod on Monday, for all the handicaps, and tho raoing with tho big fiolds, and tho good quality engaged, promises to bointoroating, Re sults may bo ns under : Australian Handicap — Roxann with e :-t, otherwise Tiger or Initio Jack. Tat tel. ,'.h Handicap — Bernico or Mioky. Mooiioo Handicap — Myoe or Roxauu. Benefit Handicap — Shanoen or Filduro. Olork Handicap — Moonlight or "Waxworks. Book makers' Handicap — Forgusoon's best, or Bello. I hour that Mr. W. Kent's Stookrider, by Vono — Stookdovo (imp,), by Maoaroni, 2 yoars, arrived at W> Blacklook's stables, Hondra, ( Anting the week, with an oyo to his engage ments. Mr. W. ICont bought tho colt the other day from his brothor, Mr. Pernio Kent, of Dogiluo. Woights for tlio Covert Plato (Hunllos), Brisbano Handicap, and Tattonliam Handicap, in commotion with tho Q.T.C. mooting, ore duo on Tuesday noxt, whon final forfoits for tho Cup and Sandgato Handicap must bo deolared. Final forfeits for tbo Hopeful Stakes aro pay able by noon on Tuesday, Novombor 8, tho day before tho raoo. At Croydon races on tho Cth and 7th, Litho- logist won tho Corinthian Handicap and Selling Plate. Only £1,378 wont through the "raaohino" during tho two days. "Vono" says tho olub deduotcd 1 21, por cont from the publio. Tho pony Myco loft or leaveB tills week for tho south. Redbank departed last wook. Tho Grandmustor — Hazolly Lea colt, chris tened Voltaire, avrivod from tho south somo little timo ago, and is now in work at Eaglo Farm, iu ohargo of P. Nolan. Acceptances for Sandgato Turf Olub handi caps wore declared on Wednesday, and will be found bolow. Sovontoen remain in the Trial Hnndioap, eight in tho Shorts, nino in tho Bramblo Bay Hnndioap, and 14 in the Welter : Tmal Handicap ; 6 furlongs. st lb | st lb Clinker .. 8 12 ; Blue Ribbon .. 610 Olytiie.. .. 8 4 ' Hibiscus ,, 6 6 Sootsman ..8 0 Lisgar,, . ,.0 0 Visiter .,7 4 Eros .. 6 4 Albinia . ., 7 2 , Prospootof .. . 0 4 Roseliill 7 1 Jessie .. 0 4 Bloodstone .. 7 0; First Lady' „ 0 4 Dnlie of Athol 7 0 | Plorimel 0 4 EI Dorado . „ 7 0 1 Sgonis Handicap; f mile, : - ArabiBey ,, 8 12 Vainhopo ,, 7 3 Laurette ' 8 6 Yaarabla 0 8 Woliimbin .. 8 2 T.W. ,, ,, 8 8 Niobn .. 7 10. R.L. 0 8 BnAinjiB Bay Handicap ; 7 furlongs. Dan O'Connoll 9 12 Golddnst H. ', , 0 ,7 Saturn.. 8., 7. Pimto Kiug ,, 6 7 Clinker .. 8 .4. Stafford ;. .. . fl'-7 Roso of Drayton 8 . 3. Satollite(ohtg.) 6, 7- BlaokEoagla ., 7 12 - Wemee Handioap ; 9 furlongs, RoseofDrayton 10 7' Golddnst H. ,, 8 10 Blnok Eagle ..10 3 Pirate Bilng ,, 8 10 Rcdheart .. 10 2 Satellite (oh.g.) 8 8 Scotsman .. 0 11' Stafford ..8 8 Laureate .. 9 9 Duke of Afhol 8 7 Zillah . , , . 9 5 Boab . , ..84 Aurora .,9 4 Young Norman 8 4 Mr. A. J. J. Warby started nt Breakfast Crs«k on Thursday, and will probably hold the flag till Mr. Firk is ablo to resume it. . The visitors entered for the minor events at tho coming Q.T.C. meeting nro Syrian, Larry, Brown and. Rose, and Di Pyrhus (slo.l, from ovor tho border ; and Cyolono, Bobadll, Zingara, Exile, Charcoal, Physician, Satellite (br. g. by Roebuck), and Orator. Bccho-do- mer, Westland, and Aocoptod.can scarooly bo rookoned visitors, having boon with us so long. Herod is a stranger to .metropolitan courses, and unlcBB ho bo a horso who was racing nt Harrisvillo a couplo of seasons baok,. unknown to mc. Tliero was a Herod racing in South Australia last yoar, and ono of tho same numo at hedga incotings in Now South Wales. Croydon is a stranger, too, and, mnybo, hails' from tho Gilbert, where a horso of that namo won a raco this timo twclvo months. Fonnoll Nowport is a son of Euolid (sire of Velocity) out of a woll bred mnro, Prevarica tion, by Young Tim (Tim Whifficr, S. — Roso of Australia), hor dam Zoo, by MoBsongor (imp. son of Orlando), out of Young Australia, by Calondar out of Australia jimp.), by Olavl- leno out of Brown Justice. Mr. W. H. Font wont down to Melbourno by tlio mail train on Tuosday ovoning, to seo .Candour go for tho doublo ; and the ohaso 1b not altogothor a wild goono ono. Moro unlikoly tilings havo hnppened than the blue ribbon and tho trophy, to Bay nothing of tlio 10,000 sovs , coming baok in tlio portmanteau Mr. Font took i theprecaution to carry to Melbourne. Tho Mount Morgan Turf Olub Christmas programmo is to liaud. Tho addod money oomos to tho vory 'respoctablo figure of £140, tho principal events boing the Ohristmns Han dicap, 50 sovs ; Separation Handicap, 26 sovs ; and Soiling Race, 20 sovs. Nominations for the two handicaps closo onDcoorabor 1, general ontry, Dccombor 19. A meoting of tho mem bers of tho club was held on Wodncsday night in tho local School of Arts room, when tho balance-shoot presented by the treasurer, Mr. L. W. Mnrsland, was. adopted. Tbo olub after expending, a good . deal of money on improve ments and'prtzes, &o.;, have a credit balanco of £10. A new stand will probably be creetod in timo . for the Christmas meeting. It wus .resolved that in future the tiokets on the totalisator shall be 5s. instead of 10b., and that the mabhino shall be worked by the olub. .Heretofore the "right" has been sold with the privileges of tho meeting, and tho oommitteo havo had praoticolly no controlovertho "toto," but tho imposition of the tax, with the neces sity of furnishing tire Government with a cloar statement of the amount passing through, has brougnt toe local autnonues up wltn a round turn..; Mr. Firk's aooident at Esk is likely to. keep him a prisoner pt home for some timo to oome. Ho has been better and worso 'sinoe ho was brought down to his haute at Olayfield, but the latest accounts ore fpvourablo, I am glad to say., ' The Q.T.C. committee met on Wednesday to consider tho applications for the position of secretary to tho olnb. "The question was' ad journed till November. 17. . On die that acting. upon a suggestion ' mado by Mr. Firk, tho Q/f.0. committee aro trying to seouro tho oorvicos of the' A.J.C. stotor, Mr. Watson, for the fqrthooimng Spring Meet ing dt Eaglo Farm. '' 