SOME CLERICAL REMINISCENCES. Dr. A. Kj-H. Boyd, the well-known 'A.KH.B.,^uthorof the 'Recreations of a Country Parson,3' ^MiWoond ind concluding volume of bianinuuttoences gives publicity to anumber of good stories. .Dr. Boyd makes no secret that his experiences of nis countrymen are not invariably of a pleasing kind. Here is an example:— ''vjf Ny -V 'I never will forget how, long ago, when I was in my Edinburgh parish, I said to a neigh . bor— ' It is very sacyihat that poor woman is to tm )ia.n-rAf? ' * Ua^bu^ +3i& nnRnTTinrnmf Rinp man this church was emptjrjjtad mine was not), ' it is not a bit sadder thST* woman should be hanged than a manlp GoBwyl damn a woman just as soon as. # 'maSj^nd therefore in what you say-£you are accusing God, and going against .the Standards of the Kirk.' . I replw4J^ffisft-'*at was -a very terrible thing toflhirik of 'God' .damning' either man or woman ; but that I had fancied most people felt a certain -tenderness for the weaker and more suffering half of poor hsma administered further rebuke to me. And in a few days I found that he had put aoout my little observation, with his own comments upon it. And if he thought me an evil man, seeking to undermine the blessed dogmas of Calvinism (which are in both the articles and the confession}, no doubt he was right to say 60 ' ' : This reminds the diarist of 'one. of the bigots who went to New England seeking free dom to worship' for themselves, combined with 'freedom to persecute all who desired to worship in any otheriway.' This particular bigot, it is fair to observe, may have been an English or a Welsh bigot for anything that appears: — 'One Sunday, he' preached: to his unhappy oongregationtbat he bad satisfied him self that just one in each seven hundred and seventy-seven of thehumanraeeshQuld be saved - at last. Coming out,' he found the congrega- . tion gathered under a tree in nigh debate.' They had calculated that; if the case were bo, exactly three souls in the parish would end well; and the question in debate was, Who those three should be ? They stated their per plexity to that preacher of despair ? and men tioned a good many names which had been suggested. But a fine effect' was produced upon the mind of that ferocious fatalist by the fact that not one individual had mentioned his.' A minister of' the Scottish Kirk, we are told, does not often hear candid criticism, but there are exceptions. Dr. Hamilton, of Strathblane, father of the well-known London preacher and popular writer, used torelate how .he once preached in a little rural kirk, got . fully into the spirit of his discourse, and thought he had done exceptionally well But as he If it the porch the people gathered, round, and it began -to become apparent that there was something in. his! doctrines or his mode of expounding them which had not met with entire approval. At last' a 'miserable little tailor,' supported by two crutches, with his nose contemptuously raised in tb.6 sir, said in a very audible voice, ' It's wonderful . what a buddy will do for a piece of bread 1' Young preachers are warned that it is idleinthe north to fish for compliments about their achieve-' men ts in the pulpit. 'A youth, walking home, from church with a venerable elder, in an evil moment said,- 'That was- a fine' text I had to-day.1 Whereupon the elder, -vriih much im patience in his voice 'and manner, ireplied 'Oh, yes; there was naethihg the -matter with the text.'9 ? Another outspoken person was old Dr. Muir, of Glasgow, who once, at the ceremony called' 'Kirking the Cor poration,'- said in his prayer, 'Lord have mercy upon, the -magistrates, such as they are; make them wiser -and better.' When the town clerk called to say '.that the magistrates felt - much ' aggrieved at. being publicly prayed ' for in such a manner the answer was, .' Dr. Moir's compliments to the Lord Provost, and he is sorry to find that his prayer has not been answered.' Decorous conventionalities (says Dr. Boyd) weigh lightly. 'Son bad best tell' the truth to a S cotchman at once ; he knows it already 'When a Scotch minister is offered another living it used to be the way, that he said a . great deal about * a larger sphere of usefulness' and the. like; not a jword about the better stipend. To my personal knowledge that sort of thing was heartily laughed at by ebrewd Scotch folk. The 'divine call' almost always came to a place where things were better in the worldly sense.9' Even Scottish ghosts appear to preserve nob -& little of this practical turn, when the author was staving with Dr. Liddon, Miss Alderson (the hymn-writer), and other distinguished guests, at the Earl of Strathmore's, the con versation turned upon thefamoosbauntedroom at Glamis Castle. '.Everyody has heard of the haunted room at Glamis. It has been put about that the mention of it is a painful eub jecb in the family. Never was ranker non sense. In the morning the first question of the delightful countess to her guests was — * Well, have you seen the ghost?' The earl treated the subject more scientifically, in a fashion yield ing practical counsel. He told as that some years before an excellent dignitary, who was always collecting money for church building, bad just gone to bed, when all of a sudden the ghost appeared, apparently a' Strathmore of eome centuries back. With great presence of mind the clergyman took the first word. Addressing the ghost, he said he was most anxious to raise money for a church he was erecting ; that he had a bad cold and coold not well get out of bed ; but that his collecting book was on the dressing-table, and . lie would, be extremely obliged if his visitor would' give him a sub scription. Upon this the ghost vanished, and has never come back any more.' - A.K.H.B.'s stories go far in themselves to disprove the unaccountable calumny that Scotsmen are wanting in humor. Some slight deficiency in this -regard, however, must be attributed to the friend of the 'Country Parson,' who thought to please him by con ferring the initials so long favorably known to magazine readers upon a prize bull. Dr. Boyd must tell the fctory: — 'In this July a county member, much concerned in matters agricultural, came to me one afternoon in the club, and informed me that by far the greatest compliment had been paid the humble writer that ever bad been or ever could be. An animal of extraordinary value and beauty ap peared in the published record of highbred cattle as bearing my odd initials. I was some what startled, and liked it not. 'Don't you know,' he said with ^indignation, 'that the Marchioness of A. and the Duchess of B. are proud to have their names in that book? You don't understand things at alL' I certainly remarked, for a while after, that -my namesake got many prizes at shows. But the last mention of him was tragic. The murrain got into that unpnrchasable herd, and they had to perish. A paragraph said, ' A. K. H. B. is still alive, but fie is to be killed to-morrow.' I heard no more.' There is a story told of Archbishop Whately and 'how a crowd, having gathered to witness the consecration of a church, the archbishop, without his robes, walked into the church and signed the document upon the altar— all.the law requires. Then, turning to the congrega tion, he said, 'You have come here to see me consecrate the church. You are the church. Go home and consecrate yourselves.' ' We have a glimpse of Mr: Fronde as a con versationalist :—?' It was on that day that Froude told me of a singular. instance of a man looking at a matter from only one point of view. A .youth at Oxford in his day being examined in Paley, was asked if he could men tion any instance of the Divine goodness ?which he had found out for himself. 'Yes. The conformation of the nose of the bulldog. Its nose is so retracted that he can hang it on to the bull, and yet breathe freely. But for this it would soon have to let go.' The bull's point of view was not regarded at alL I could but cap the Bfcory with one from Glasgow College. A youth had preached in the College Chapel. After service the pro fessors in the beautiful Tore Hall ' were dis cussing the sermon. They were all very com plimentary. But Professor Buchanan, the great Professor of Logic, whom, strange to say, Archbishop Tait did not think: very clever, broke in, *Oh, don't say that. . There was a cad want in our young friend's sermon. He said a great deal about how Jonah felt. I should like to hear something about how the whale ielt,3' ' 