' How Shall We Decide This Question?' Afotc, which is the worse — to have no ap petite f^r your dinner % or to have no dinner for your appetite t There are lots of people on the one side or the other of this question. When 'good di gestion waits on appetite and health on both,' that is the ideal attitude of a person towards his meals. But most of us are not blessed in that way ; we either have too much food with out an appetite, or a vigorous appetite with out enough to satisfy it. Different folk will answer this question differently, yet the com mon sense of it is that, within reasonable limits, it is better to have an appetite without a dttioer, because, short of the starvation line, a hungry man is a healthy man ; whereas a man who ought to eat and doesn't fe?l like eating, stands in need of ' alterations and repairs.' To illustrate. We recently received a com munication in which the writer eays, ' I was afraid to eat.1' Did he fancy his food was poisoned, or did his nature rebel against tbe nourishment lived on ? If the latter, why ? Let him clear the mystery himself. He says, 4 ' In the year 1889 I changed my work from railway porter to signalman. I had been signalman twelve months, and then all at onco, so to speak, I Hid not feel myself. My mouth tasted bad, so thatordinary articles of diet eeemed to lose their flavour ; the palate, to put it in tbat way, appeared to bave nothing to aay to them. One thing was like another, ana none was good. My tongue was coated and furred, with a dark line down the middle and yellow fur round it. My breath was offensive and my appetite pour, with pains through the chest and shoulders, which were always right before I had eaten any thing. Then 1 was greatly troubled with wind. It would gather so it felt like a ball in my throat, and act as if' it would choke me.' We cannot wonder that under these cir cumstances our friend failed to do justice to his meals. He adds that there was what he calls ' a pricking sensation' at his heart, as though it were touched with some sharp in strument. Then, again, at times he was at tacked with spasms, the agony of which was so severe that the sweat rolled off him. 'I dreaded,' he says, 'the thought ot eating, and many a scanty meal have I made, for I was afraid to eat, 41 After a time I got into a low, weak, ner* vous condition, and felt miserable, as if some thing was going to happen, and this caused me to lose a good deal oi sleep.' What he means by the fear of 44 something going to happen' is, of course, the fear of some calamity, such as the loss of his posi tion, his own death, or the death of some body dear to him. This was due, as he ioti* mates, to the impoverished state of his blood (the life bearer), his unstrung nerves, and to the brain enfeebled by lack of nourishment. Tbe night of thia form of illness is always full of ghosts and goblins, the creatures of a restless and ungoverned imagination. 44 With great difficulty,' he eays, 44 1 stuck to my work, for I had a wife and family de pending on me. So 1 struggled on, hot what IsuiTercd for over two years is past my powers of description. lam sure no one has suffered to much as I have done.' Tn the latter statement he is undoubtedly nw/iHff own naif* in aiip.V awii. anil ia always harder to bear tban is one's notion of his neighbour's pain. There is a countless multitude who are all the while going through the eame wretched experience, only we don't happen to come in touch with them. Well, the writer finally mentions that after all medical treatment had left him where it found hitn lie chanced to read in a book of a case exactly Uke his own having been oured by Mother Soizel's Syrup. *4 My wife,' he eaya, 44 got me a bottle at Mr. LangstafTs, in Wood* lesford, and after using its contents the ail ment left me and has never returned since that fortunate day. I should like the whole world to know what it did (or me. I have been employed by the Midland Railway Company for eleven years, (Signed) 44 George Hukt, 44 Car Bottom Road, 44 Apperley Bridge, near Leeds.' We publish this by Mr. Hunt's desire, in orde«*that part of the world at least may know how thankful he ia and for what reason* Miss Eldir: 4t Well, I maintain that women oan do anything that men can.' Mr. Gazzam : 44 Oh, no. The auctioneer's business is ons that women cannot go into.' Mils Blder: *4 Nonsense.' She'd make every bit as good an auctioneer as a man. ' Mr. Gazzam : ** Just imagine an unmarried woman gettiog up be fore a crowd and exclaiming 4 Now, gentlemen, all I want is an offer !' 11 advice to Mothers I— Are yoa broken In your rest by a sick child *-10111101 with tbs pain of cutting teeth ? Go at onoe to a chemist and get a bottle of Mrs, WufBLOW*s SooTHiro Syrci*. It w& rolfprethepoorsDffsrerlmme- diately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste t It produoes natural, quiet sleep by relieving the child from patn, and tbe little chorub awakes 44 as bright ae a button/' It soother the child, It softens tbe gums, allavc all pain, relieves wind, regulates tbs bowels, and is tho best known remedy for dyseotsry and dinrrboG.i. whether arising from teething or other diuRrs. Mrr. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup is *oJd by Medicine dealers srsvy where at U 1|J. par liottl* 