[?] ; oiuttell xiii (oontinuf.d). .wna ns onp;oi' now to loavo tho . tip; Iioubo ill Mayfair-squnvo as alio .' had boon eaRor boforo to obnp to it. Ifc. Sbo oould bavo fallon on lior knoos , 1, and thanked Hoavon wbon sbo board that Lady Milborough protorrod sbo ahotid bogm hor dutios at onno. I am sorry to rob yon, my doar,' tbo old lady bad said to Sybil, ' but tho foot is, I want to got down to my donr old homo in tbo oountry, your big, r noisy, brilliant London is too muoh for mo. I nm not strong onongli for it, nnd I want to got away at onco. J should bo gl 0,(1-1 f Miss Lowo will travel with mlS, and bo introduced to my gardens bo.Eoro all tbo rosos nro doad.' \ ' And Kato will\go gladly,' Sybil nn8\vorod ; ' and I rilin.ll bo glnd for lior. to go, for pdrhnps sbo will bo nblo to stonl swlno of your rosos for lior pnlo thin jthoolca. Sbo knows bow sorry I amjc6 loso lior, but I nm not goingterTSo solfisb.' '-J®t said nothing, but hor band wont to tbo sponkor. Lady Milborougb, looking nt hor pnlo young fnoo, folt a pang of sym pathy run through lior heart. Sbo was old in yours, but sbo was . young in sontimont nnd foolings, and sbo folt, without words, that sbo was in tlio prosonco of a mental sufforing almost more than could bo borno. Sho hold out bor band involuntarily. ' And so you willcomo? And you will not bo afraid of a dull, quiot lifo with an old woman, my doar i ' Kit bont bdr bond nnd kissod tbo wrinlrlod hand, but still sbo said no- , , thing, only bor lioautifnl oyos woro eloquent with all bor lips oould not say. Sho drovo away with Sybil, in silonoo. Eortunatoly, Sybil was so lost in hor own happy thoughts sbo did not notice tbo obango that bad como ovor tbo girl bosido bor. It is truo sbo lmd obsorvod Kit's pnlo obooks, and tho dark bluo shadows round bor oyos; bor bonrt too was touohod by tbo look in tho samo oyos — a strained, nervous, exprossion that bospoko intonso sufforiug, oitlior mon- tal or bodily. To Sybil Loitb this look convoyod only tbo improssion that tbo girl was not yot reoovorod from tbo sovoro nervous bendnobo that bad prostrntod bor so. utterly tbo daj' boforo, and Kit . might bavo spared horsolf tho groat, anxioty that bosot hor, that lior girl friend should soo a difforonoo in lior and want to know tbo cnuso. . Tbo long awful hours that bad gono sinco that momont wlion tbo fullnoss of .hor wrong, tlio absoluto compro- honsion of tlio man's bnsonoss and troaobory, had broken upon bor, lmd loft an mdoliblo trnco 011 Kit's mind and heart, dovoloping with that mnr- fe::, vollous rapidity wluoh griof works 111 a sonsitivo uaturo, omotious, traits of whioh sbo had not ovon known bor- ' . self to bo possossod, and which sur- prisod hor by tboir koonuoss nnd strength. . She undorwont a sort of montnl : transformation ns sbo Iny Blooploss through the night that soomod liitor- minablo. Tho Bwoetnoss, tbo gonoros- ity, tho boauty of hor nnturo was clouded for tbo momont by an uncon- trollnblo passion of bittaniew, ' oTI prido, of rogrot. All tbo visonnry fioftnoss of hor dreamland wns hi-opt, away; lifo strotoliod boforo bor nu- it roally was. Eor a time all tbo gooil- noss in it was blottod out. i c Kit forgot tbo faithful lovo of bor old "sobool-mnto, tbo lionost, rough affection of Hopsio, and tbo sincoro and undoubted interest of Sybil Loith. . . Sho oould only romombor tbo dark -. sido, tho oruol, harsh tonguo of tho woman who had givon hor ohnrity so . grudgingly, tho solfialinoss and uttor mdifioronoo of Constanoo, tho oalousy and disliko that had boon manifostod towards bor by tbo servants 111 tins big liouso, and last of all tbo hoart- lossnoss, tbo wickodnoss of Maurico Montgomery, whoso band bad so wantonly boon strotoliod out to dostroy tbo youth and beauty of bor mind, to tako away bor heart and roplaoo it with a stone. Sho shed no tears ; thoro is somo suffering too groat for any suoli l-oliof. Hors was of this enhhro. It was not tho griof of a girl; it : was tho sorrow of a woman, and with tho woman just awakened in lior Kit fenrod lost tho truth should osoapo lior in some way or othor and attract v. Sybil's attention, and abovo all Sybil Leitb must novor, novor know this truth. Must not know mdood that there was aught to trouble Kit of a dooper nnturo than thoso almost in significant troubles whioh Sybil bad seomod to ranlizo and understand without words or oxplnnntion. It wns an intonso relief to Kit to find that Sybil mado no romarlc about her appearance, oxcopt ono of sympa thy that hor liondache should bavo \- boen /so bad and as tboy drovo in silonco to tbo big houso Kit folt thajjii tins dnnpor that aim luid droadodtfl much was ovor aUogotbor, for by!1 stronglli and bold ovor bornolf woUR/' nioroaso ns tbo timo wont on, and bor fnoo still woro its pallor and lior oyos bad tbo samo worn paniod look, woll it would bo oasy for Sybil to no; count for this by tbo knowlodgo of tbo rogrot Kit must fool at loaving bor. WI1011 tlioy ronchod tbo liouso Sybil mBistod on taking Kit up to bor room. ' You nro to rost quito quiot. You look as whito as a ghost, and romom bor you bavo n journoy bolero you to morrow. Oh 1 Kato donr, I liopo you will bo happy. It sooms so tiukiud for mo to lot you go, and yot ' Kit kissod tlio band sbo hold gontly. 1 1 will bo happy. I give you my promiso. doar Sybil ! ' sho answorod, and indood sbo folt as though tlio fnturo spoilt with tins kind, gontlo old lady must indood bo happiness, thoro wns Bitoli an oloinont of ponoo about it. Sho wns glad to rost as Svbil do- Birod, nnd alio lay vory still with olosod oyos, lost 111 n innzo of thought that wns too sad, too nusoraklo, too confusod to bo disontnnglod at tins momont, far into tbo night, novor moving mdood until Svbil oropfc 111 on lior way to bod to Icihs bor good night niul to show bor much tondor kindnoss. It wns dawn boforo Kit foil nsloop, worn out by bor montnl sufforiug, nnd wbon sbo awoko, tho sun was sliming in through tbo win- (lowj proolnimmg that day was woll born, tlio day that was to bo tbo bogin- nmg of Kit's now lifo undor Lady Milborough's oaro and guidanoo. » „ .To Oonstnnoo Mario wo's intonso nW.oynneo sbo found it not onsy to mnnngo bor inotbor with rognrd to bor journey to London. Mrs. Mnr- lowo had sufforod a blow wbon Kit lind disapponroil so mystoriously from lior roof. It wns a bittor thing to bor ovor to ncknowlodgo a wrong ; but it wns also mipossiblo for hor not to fool that sbo bad gono a littlo too far in bor unjust angor with tbo girl, and this knowlodgo hnd tbo offoot of mak ing bor moro disagrooablo and nustoro than ovor. Constanoo bad ft vory unploaBant tmio. Tlio subjoot of Kit bad not boon broaobod botwoon hor mother and hor solf. Aftor tbo morning wbon Con stanoo bad mformod Mrs. Marlowo that tbo girl sbo so muoh dislilcod would troublo lior no moro, ns sbo hnd gono away nnd would nccopt no fur- tbor chnrity, Constanoo did not on- ligliton bor mothor furtbor than to say that sho bad givon out to tbo neigh bourhood around that Kit bad boon sont to school, as tbo boat moans of satisfactorily accounting for hor ab- Bonco. Tlio wliolo mnttor gavo Mrs. Mar lowo oonsidornblo nnnoyanoo and somo pain ; tor hard, unsympntbotio and ungounrous as sbo was, sbo abommatod any doooit nnd falsobood. and moro- ovor sbo bad dooidod qualms of con- soionoo ovor tliofnto of tlio girl whom bor dond husband bad boquonthod to bor enro. Wbon sbo saw this anxioty Oon stnnoo confidod to bor mothor tbo in telligence that alio kuow Kit was woll nnd in snfo bands, having rocoivod news of hor, nnd nftor this sbo said no moro. Kit's nnrao was novor montionod, nnd lifo wont as usual at tbo Limos. "Wbon Constanoo broaobod tlio subjoot of bor proposod visit to town sbo wns oonsidornbly upset to find lior mothor by no moans liichnod towards it, and tlio wliolo raattor ro- quirod suoh dolionto manipulation tlmt by tbo timo Miss Marlowo found bersolf nt last on-routo to London sbo foarod vory muoh that 0110 part of bor orrnnd would bo friutloss. It was almost n wook sinoo sbo bad board from Kit, nnd bIio bad then nuuounood lior inmiodiato doparturo from tho Loitlis'. By this sbo would bo with Lady Milborougb and, who oould toll? porbaps alroady sbo bad mot Philip Desmond nnd bad upsot ovorytlnng. Constanco's first duty was a visit to Lady Grnco Loitb, oj-'nsibly to ex press bor oongrn|y.jions on Sybil's ougagomont, 111 loliJo find out all sbo oould about KiWivJ?o wns rocoivod by Lady Grnco alone/ Sybil wns out riding with bor Iovo'-y\ Constanoo vory soon £or?'iiod tl.ooafc 011 Kit, and lior suV7'niS0 \vnjV -8Urso confirmed. , / lady Graoo as full of oxolamations ovor bor daughter's strange interest aud ympatby for this maid Miss Mnr- lov bad boon so good to soiul. $/; roally scarcoly saw bor,' Lady ty,0'.5o said ; ' but Sybil took ono of her (A'nordinnry infatuations about tho (j.rl, declared hor to bo a princess in (lisguiso, and novor rostod till sbo took bor away from bor propor splioro. I enn only liopo it will turnout woll with Lady Milborougb. I ehould havo mado somo strong protest against tbo arrnngomont bad it not boon for tbo foot that I folt, with tbo character you hnd givon bor, sbo must, bo nt loast rospootablo nnd lionost, and it is Lady Milborough's nflair if sho doos not suit iu othor ways. Tboy bavo gono into tbo oountry, nnd Sybil declares that Lady Milborougb bns alroady written, saying sbo is dolightod with tlio girl. If so it is highly satisfactory; but you know what Sybil is,' and Lady Graoo shruggod lior sliouldors. Constanoo sinilod but waB not satis fied' or corafortablo. ' I suppose you soo n good doal of Sir Philip Desmond ?' sbo said, whon sbo spoke. ' You know, it- was I10 who wrote and told mo of tbo ongngo- mont.' ' Yos, I10 comos vory froquontly. Ho dinos with us to-night. Will you nccopt a vory uncoromonious invitation und oomo too ? I know Sybil will bo dolightod if you will.' Constanoo nccoptod oagorly, nnd drovo awav with a protty flush 111 hor obooks, looking vory dainty and lovoly 111 bor summor gown and 'soft lnoos. Hor bonrt beat more ovonly now. Philip bad evidently not gone into 5jho oountry to soo Lady Milborougb, jjjWl it would bo probablo tlint if I10 did ,«fn y bis kinswoman a visit boforo sbo jjri'ft ho did not moot Kit. S110 could 'not bo suro of this, of oourso, until nftor sbo had soon lnm. Sbo drossod for tbo dmnor in boiv most booonung' gown, and devisod sobomos ns bIio drossod, If I10 hnd soon Kit sbo mu9b tkmk of some story to toll hnn. Kit, sbo know, would havo said nothing to him. It wns wondorful liow muoh faith Constanoo had in hor cousin. Lacking all noblo nnd bonost quabtios horsolf, sbo was nono tbo loss glad to ncknowlodgo tboir powor wbon tboy could do bor a jjorvico. ' I shall knowHho instant I look at bun if I10 has soon bor,' sbo thought to horsolf, and for ono momont hor bonrt failed bor, nnd sbo turnod sick with suddon foar lost Philip Dosinond's oyos should moot hor's aud scourgo hor with tboir contempt. Sbo ronlisod 111 a momont hko this bow deeply tho thought of tins man was grown into hor, bow muoli ho wob to hor. Sybil ran to groot hor, and wlulo Constanoo kiBsod and was kissod, hor quick oyos had gono to Philip Dos inond's distinguished figuro in tlio background. ' Ho knows nothing,' was hor swift thought, and tlio colour rushod into hor oliooks, making hor beautiful faoo moro boautiful. Sir Philip wolcomed hor warmly. Ho liked her vory much, and ho had boon improssod with all the moo things Lndv Sinclair bad told bim concormng Miss Marlowe. Being absolutely innocont of tho doptlis of artfulness to whioh n match making mind oan desoond, ho, of oourso, was not to know that Lona had nllowod horsolf to ombroidor a littlo on simple facts, and to lum tlio story of Constance's absoluto devotion to hor mothor, hor unsolfisliness, lior womnn- hnoss, her goodnoss in gonornl mado np n picture of a charming hoing whom it was impossiblo not to rovoro and admiro. Constanoo Marlowo's sharp, calcu lating miud was not long in appreciat ing a subtlo chango 111 Maurico Mont gomery. Hor oyos saw what nono of tbo othors saw. Tho rostloss ex pression on tbo handsomo faoo, tlio constraint 111 tbo manner, tbo ovidonoo in many littlo ways of tbo oxistenoo of somo troublo whioh was now and not small. Constanoo folt a thrill of malicious ploasuro in this obsorvation. Sbo dis lilcod Maurico, and hor vanity owed hnn a grudgo which sbo would pay ono of tlioso days. Sbo noticed that ho nto noxt to no thing, nnd drank far moro than wns wiso for hnn, that Ins manuor whon ho Bpolco to Sybil was almost pain fully artificial, and that on tho loast possible opportunity ho lapsod into thought which was not of a ponooful nature. Sho glanood now and then at Sir Philip, and was astonished that so koon an obsorvor as lie was should be blind to the ohauge in tho young man. , 'It must bo money,' Constance dotormined to horsolf ; ' that is why ho has hurriod on tbo mnrriago; bo oaros no moro for Sybil than I10 doos for tlio oliair on wbiob ho is sitting, but I10 wants bor money.' Maurico lifted Ins handsomo oyos at tins momont, and, ns ho mot Oon- stnnoo's steady gnzo, I10 frownod, and to himself sworo suddenly. Ho could not fail to undorsland tho manning of Miss Marlowo's sorutiuy, and bo fidgotod bonontb it. ' Ourso hor ! ' I10 said savagely ; ' hor eyos look as if thoy could road ono through aud through. She's a oat. I hftto bor ! Tho sort of woman who would malco mischief in Paradise ! Woll, sho can't do mo much barm, aud I oan show bor up a bit. Sbo would not soom suoli an angel to Plnlip if I10 know she oould lio in suoli a splendid fashion.' Porbaps something of this malioo and power mndo themsolvos folt to Constanoe. Bo that as it may, she turnod hor oyos away from studying Mnurioo — for a moment bIio folt a return of hor formor discomfort. Aftor dinner sho nnd Sybil rotirod to n couoh to oliat about tho trousseau and all tlio attendant oxoitomont, and then Constanoo got that for whioh she determined to anglo, namely, an invi tation from Sybil to bo ono of the bridesmaids. 'It will not bo a grand wedding,' Sybil said. ' I monn nothing vory grand. Mnurioo dislikes tho fuss and tbo publicity ! ' 'TJm!' Oonstnnoo thought to hor solf, ' not hko Maurice as a gonornl rulo. What is wrong, I wondor ? Tins littlo fool thinks ho ndoros hor— sho is easily docoived. It must bo somo monoy sornpo, thero oan bo no thing olse.' It was a groat Batisfnotiou to hor to roabzo that sho would bo associated with Sybil's murnago ; it wns a splon- did oxcuso for prolonging bor stay in town, nml would afford many more opportunities for mooting Philip Des mond than sbo oould bavo possibly mnnagod otherwise. Constanco's brain was busy wlulo sho sat discussing " chiffons " with Sybil. Hor first not must bo to try and got Kit away from Lady Milborougb boforo thoro wns a chanco of hor moot- ing Sir Philip. Sbo did not quito know how this was to bo arrnngod, but somo plan would prosont itsolf boforo many hours bad gono. Tbo host and safest wav would bo to soo Kit porsonally — tho jouvnoy down to Lady Milborough's country homo would bo a dooidod nuisanoo, but this anuoyanco was nothing com- pnrad to that which would most suroly ftriso if Philip Desmond woro to bocomo nwnro of tbo truth concerning tbo girl in whom I10 lmd boon so strangely interested. Oonstnnoo oould not liolp rogtu'dmg it as ti most malignant _fnto that that should liavo thrown Kit into a pntli that must load sooner or lator, uiiloss provontod, to n mooting with Philip Dosmond. Aftor sbo bad dismissed bor dress and all tbo rost of tho bridal finory Sybil turnod tbo conversation on- Kit. . Sbo know that it was through Con stanoo Marlowo's rooommondation that tho girl hnd entered hor mother's housoliold, and though she had de termined sho would nsk no questions, and would wait to know all hor history from Kit horseli', bIio oould not holp. bringing tliosubjoct up and express ing all hor .sincoro admiration and liking for thj?' girl whom she had so warmlv bofnondod. fTo be continued. J 