[CONTINUED FltOM SATURDAYS tRSVB.] 1 . • [ALt RIGHTS ltKsEKVKD.] >. 1 NAD A THE LILY. i .• i v BY: H. RIDER HAGRATID. j . M CorYRir.uT, 1891, By" H. Ri'osft Ii\c6.«,r.n. 1 CHAPTER Vrtl..,„„. 1 ' ' * '"TftlTKlfoMBOCO." After this there was quiet till the Feast of 'were slain"'"it","this 'feast,* though' there • was a great ' Ingomboco,' or witch-hunt, and many wuro smelt out by the witch-doctors as working magic against, .the., king. Now, tilings had come to iliis pass in Zululand—• , that the whole people cowered before tlie witch-doctors. Ko man might sleep safe, for none knew that on the morrow ho would be touched by the wand of an f Iaaousi \ as we name a finder of witches, and led a way.to his death. For a while Chaka said nothing, and so long as the doctors smelt out those only -Vhom he wished to slay—raiid they were many—he was well pleased. But when they began to work for their ovru ends, and' to'do those to death whom he did not desire to kill, he grew angry. .Yet the custom of the land was that he wiiom the witch-doctor touched must die, he and all his' house ; therefore the king ivas in a cleft stick, for ho scarcely Oared to save even those whom he loved. One night'I came to doctor him, for lie was sick in his. mind; . On that very day there had been an ' Ingomboco,' and five of the bravest captains of the army had been smelt out by the ' Abangoma,' the: witcli-, finders, together with many others. All had been slain, andmen had boon sent to, kill the wives .and children of V.io dead. . Now, Chaka was sore at heart about this slaying) aad -'op ened liis breast to me-. 'It is tha witch-doctohs who rule in Zulu land, and not I. ilopo, son of Makedama,' he said to nio. ' Where then is it to end 1 Shall, I myself be smelt out and slain,? These Is anusis are too strong fur me ; they lie upon the land like the shadow of night. Tell me, how may I be free of them,?' 'Those who walk tha Bridge Spcirs, 0 king, fall off into the Kofrllere,' I answered darkly ; even \vitclv-doetors catmot keep a footing onahat bridge., Has & Witch doctor a heart that can. ccAsa to beat 1 Has he not blood that c&n; l)e made to flow ?' , Chaka looked at me strangely. 'Thou arta bold man who darest to speak thus to me, Mopo,' he said. ' Dost thou not know tint it is sacrilege to touch an Isanusi?' ' I speak that, which is in the king's mind," I answered. 'Hearken, Oking! :Ib is in deed sacrilege to touch a true Isanusi, but, what if the Isanusi bo a liar I What if he. smell out falsely, bringing those to death Wh» are innocent of evil 1 -Is it then sacrilege to bring him to that end which .he has, given to many another ? Say, O king 1' I ' Good words,!', answered Chaka. '.Now" tell me, son of Makedama, hovr. may this matter bo pat- to proof V ■ . . Then I leaned forward, whispering into the oar of the _Black One, and lie nodded heavily. Thus I spoke then, because I, too, saw the evil, of the Isanusis, I who kn,o\V thcli' secrets. Also, I feared for aiy own life and for;the lives of all those who were dear to me. For tlicy hated me as one instructed, in their magic, one who had the seeing eye and the hearing ear. One morning thereafter a new thing came to pass in the royal ktual, for the king him self ran out,., crying aloud to all people to come and see the evil that had oeon worked upon him by a wizard. They camo together and saw this. On the doorposts of, the gate way of the ' Intunkulu,' the house of the. king, were great smears of blood. The knees, of men strong in battle trembled whetl they saw it; women wailed, abttd as. they, wail over tile dead j they waiiod. because of the horror of the omen. . * \Vho las done this thing?' cried Clialca, in a terrible voice. ' Who ,has dared to be witch the king and to strike blood upon his house V .' • ' - There was no answor, tnd Chaka spoke again. 'This is no little matter,' he said, .'lobe Washed, away .Willi, tlio blood.ofone or two and l)j lorgotton. The man who wrought it shall,not die alone ov travel with a few to the world of spirits. .All his tribe shall go with him, down to the baby hi his: hut and the eattla in his kraal ! Let mes sengers go out east and west, and north and south, and summon the witch-doctors from .every quarter ! Let them summon tho cap tains from every regiment and the headman: from every kraal! On the tenth day from now the circle of the 'Ingomboco' shall-bo set, and there shall bo such a smelling out of wizards and of witches as has not been known in Zululand!' • . • So the messengers wont out,to do tlie bid ding of tho king,.. taking the names of those who should bo summoned from the. lips of the indttnas, and day by day people flocited up to the gatos of the royal kraal, and, creep- ' ing on their knees before the majesty of the king, praised him aloud.. But to none did lie vouchsafe.an answer. One noble only he caused to be slain, because he earned in his hand a stick of the royal red frond, which Chaka himself had. given him . in bygone years. ,. , ,. On th<^&st; night before the forming of the * Ittffomboco,1 the witch-doctors, male and fe- j male, entered tho kraal. . There wore ft lidn- I dred and half a hundred of th'em, and they. • were made hideous - &n;<l terrible with the white bouss of men, with bladders offish and of asen, with fat of wizards, and with skins of snakes. They walked in silence till they, eame in front of the ' Intunkuki, 1 the royal house ; then they stopped, and,sang thU> song for the king tohearr— , s ,i, i Wo have come, O King, we have' eoltte: frbin the caves and the rocks, and the swamps, " To wash in the blood of tho slain; ' We have gathered pur host from the air ia vultUrfts are gathered in war When they scont the blood of tlie slain. ' ' We corns not alone, O king ; with each Wise One there passes a trhosfc, "Who hisses the name"bf the doomed. We come not alone, for we aro the sons and Indunas of Death, - • - ~ And -he guides ourfeot to the dooni9d." Red rises the moon o'er the plain, red sinks the sun in the \vest, Look, wizards, and bid them farewel} ? - : ! We count you by.hundreds who Cried far K'SUtac' , on the king. .. .. ... , . Ha! soon we'll bid yoii iai'ewell!. , . Then they were silent, iind w-ent in silence to the place appointed to them, there to pass the night in mutterings and magic.;. ,-Bufc those who were gathered together shivered with fear when they heird their.jvords, for they knew well tha1; many a man would be switched with the, gnu's tail before the sun : sank onco more. , And:I, too, shivered, for.' my heart was full of fear. Ah 1 my father, those were evil days to live in when Chaka' rrulcd,_and ,death, ;.met...us. .at,eyery,.tiirn ! Then no man might c.ill his life his own, or that of his wife or = child," #r anything. All were the king's, and 'what war spared that the.witch-doctors to'dk. , , r -, , The mof ning da.wned heavily, arid before it was well light the. heralds wore out sum moning all to thor king's Ingomboco. Men camo by hundreds, carrying a short stick only—for to Be seen armed was death—and seated themsolves in itho groat circle before fhe gates royal,house.- O.h ! their looks were sad, and they.had little stomach for eating that morning,they who.were food for,.death. Thoy seated themselves ; then round them on the outside of the circlo gathered knots of warriors, chosen men; great- and -fierce, armed with korries ;only„ Theso-were the slayers/ •. ' ; ■ ' < • ■ When all was* ready, the. killg catae forth, followed by his indunas and by mo. As.he ap peared, wrapped ill his lcaross of tiger-skins' and towering a head higher than any man there, all the multitude—and it-was many as the game on tho hills—cast themselves to earth; and from every lip sharp and sudden went up, the, rpyal . salute • of Bayete. But: Chaka took no note ; his brow was cloudy as | a mountain top. He cast ono glance at tho people and one at the slayers, and wherever his eye fell men turned grey with fear. Then he stalked on, and sat himself upon a stool to the north of tho great ring looking towards the open space. For a while there was silence ; then from the gatos of the women's quarters came a 1 band of maidens arrayed in their, beaded dancing drfsscs, and carrying green branches '• in their hands. As they,camo, they clapped' j their hands and saner softlv— , We are the' heralds of the kiiig's feast. Ai! Ai! _ . Vultures shall eiit it. Ah 1 Ah ! It is good—it is good to die for the king ! They ccased, and ranged themselves in a body behind us. Then Cliaku held up' liis hand, and there was a patter of running feet. Presently from behind the royal huts ap peared the great company of the Abaiigorua, the witch- doctors—men to the right and women to fehe left. In the loft hand of enoh v/an the tail of a' viMerbeeste, in'- the right a bundle of assegais and a little^ shield, They wore awful to see, and tho bones about them rattled* as thoy r.uy tho bladders and tho snake-skins floated m tile t\ic behind ihum, thoir ficea siiouu ttith the fat of anointing, their o^tis suit-ted like the eyes of fishes, and tfieir lips twitched hungrily, as tlipy glared round'"the death-ring. "Ha ! ha ! Little did those evil children guess who should bo their slayers and.wlu should-, bo the slain before that sun sank ! For all their wisdom, tho future was dark to them, their fierce eyes1 could not pi«rce4ts shadow, olso they.h.-id run less eagerly through the bright light of tho morning toward tho night \Vhero men. sleep sound.. Oil they came, like a grey company of tho dead 1 i On they'cam a in. nileneo broken only by tho patters of their foet nitd tllij dry i'atfc Jingof IheSr bonV- Ueeiclets, till they stood in ldhg ranks before tho Black Ouo. < A while they stood thus, then suddenly every oueiof thorn thrust forward tho. 'little Shield in his hand, and with a single voico th'ey'cried, ! Hail, Father I' . 1 Hail, my ohildren 1' answered Ohaka. ' What noekest thou, Father 1' they cried again.' •' Blood 1' - «*•( • ' Tho blood of the guilty,' he answered. They turnod and spoke each to 'each ; the company of the men spoken to tho company of tlio women. 1 The Lion of the Zulu seeks blood.'. 1 •' He shall'be fed !'' screamed' the women. ' Tho Lion of-the Zulu smells blood.' ( ' He shall seo it!' screamed the Womert. , 'Etis.eyes search, out-the wlaards.'" ' . Ho shall count their dead',!' screamed tho *001911. Kr>: 'Peace!' cried CJhaka. 'Waste hdt the hours in talk> bttt lb thfc work. Hearken! Wizards .itivo bewitched me ! Wizards have dared itosmito blood upon tho gateways of the king; Did in the burrows of the earth and find thorn,-ye rats ! 'Fly-through the paths of the air and find them, yo vultures! Smell at the gates of tho people and name thelln yo | jackals I ye hunters iii tlle night] Drag i theni from'thia if they tie hidden, r from the niStRC'fie if they be fled, from the graves it they.be de'M'. To tho work ! tothe-work ! | Show them to me truly, and your gifts shall be great) and for them, if they ba a nation, j they shall be slain. Kow begin. Begin by companies of ten, for you are many, and all j must be finished ere' the sun sink. ' \- ' 'It- shall :be ^-finished, Father,' they answered. - ; i Then ten of the women stood forward,' and that their head wasthemostfamous witch doctoress'of that day— an'oged woman named Kobela,.^ ivotnati to whose oyos the darkness was rto veil, 'whose scent was keen as a dog's, •who heard the voices' of' the • dead 'as they cried in'tho night, and spoke-truly &f-; what she hoard. " All the othtir Isaniisisj nijje hnd female, sat down In it h'alf-IUOOtt failing -the king, but this woman drew forward, and with her came hi-io of sisterhood] f-They Jurned east and west, north and south,search ing the heavens ; they turned etist'tthdwiest, north and souths smirching the earth j tliey turnod cast and west) 'north and south'^ Bcarching; the .hearts; pf MM; V'l?Bdrt tlie^ crepttpAHd ftttd round the great ring lilce cats, then* they threw themselves upon the earth and smelt it. Arid all the time there was silence, silence deep as-midnight, and in it men hearkened to the beating 'of their hearts; only now and-a^ain 'the vulturei shrieked in tho trees.- '..< ■ • > At length Nobela spoke— - ' Do you smelrhih)(. ^istat-s ?' - ' Wis SWell hiin,' tliey answered.' • 1 Dues he'sit in tha east, sisters ?' ■ 'He sits in the east;'.they answered. '-Is ho the son of a straugeiy sisters V ' He i3 the son of a strangerr . tojih'neat-ef," Crept on their nanus and knees, til) they' were within ten prices of where I sat among the induba» "ear the king, T^e iudunas looked on each other and grew grey with; fe^r j arid for.' me, .my father, my kneoa Were lessened -ttntt iiiv marrow turned to water ill My bones. fori knew well who; \7iVs thrlV sVm of a stranger of wjieni they spoke. It was I, my father, I who was about to be smelt out ; and. if I flas fmelt out, I should be slain with 'all rny house,1 for the kind's oaili! would scarcely avail me against the witch-cloctota. 1 looted on the fierce faces <l£ ttlb Isaiiusis beforo mo as they CKsgk, crept like, snakes., I .glanced behind and saw. the slayers grasping^ their kerries for tho deed of death, and I say I' fejfc like one for whom the bitterness is over past.. Theh I remembered the words which the king and I had whispered together of which this Ingomboco -was set, and hope crept back to me like the first § ,, fc'le dawn upon a stormy night, btill X hoped not overmuch for it well might hapnen that the king had hilt set a trap to catch me. 1 ; Now they; were quite near and halted. ' Have we dreameid falsely; sisters ask'od Aobela, the aged. L1 ' What we dreamed in the night we see ,in the day, they answered. ' . ■ >ha^ I'whisper his' "naihe in 'four ea'i-s; sisters?' ' ' : lieads from tho ground li.fe snakes and nodded, and as they nodded the necklcts of bones rattled on their skinny necks. Then they drew their heads to'a cu'5;?! "nd ^ Kobela thrust hers , into the centre, of the'circla.a'nd- said a,! word. ,^r t». Ta-\ f"®y. Hu"hed, ' we hear you ! L-is is the name. -Let him bo named by it'in the face of Heaven, he. and all his house : tnen Jet him hear no other.namo for ever !' " And suddenly .they sprang up and rushed .towards rce, Nobek the aged. Isanusi, at -their head. They rushed at me,' pointing to me with the tails of the vilderbeestcs in haiids. "Then NobeM awitched itle in albud- W t,all 0f th° beHSt» and cried ■ ''Greotingjiiopo; sbh'of Makbdiiihii! ¥hbu on the door .tiofets.ol tKe king to bewilcli the king. Let , thy house be stamped flat!' ; . , , I saw it all, J felt tho blow on my face as ia man feels in a dream. I hoard the feet of ;tho slayers as they bounded forward to hale »T' '.fleatb,, .but my tongue •.«,*ye..to 'h Q if oo'f of. my mouth—I. could not say a word. J glanced at.the king, and, as I did fio, I thought that'! hoard him mutter: • -Wear the niark^ not in it*'. , • .•Then h^'held dp liis. ^pddi5, aiid ail was riilenC?. ..The slayers.siopped. in their stride, the. .witch-doctors stood.. with outstretched ^arms, the world of men was as though it had been frozen into sleep. • , ~ • ■■it k'e -,.\Stand^ aside, son of Makedama, . who art namei an evildoer ! Stand a^ide, thou,,Nobela, and those with , thqe ivho have named him evildoer ! What? ■ o - it satl56ed wifch the life of one dog 1 feme 1 on,, ye vultures, company by company, 'feist r"' r labor, at night the , .,®° S?.S9> -;?8toD}8iiedj and stood on one ■ >Vlt.0.h-doctore35feB ujpd Btobd oh .wonder, since no such smelljUig^out_as this,had.;been seen in the ■ . this hour, when a man was swept with,the .gnu-tail of: the Isanusi, that was the instant of his death. Why, then men asked in their hearts,, was the death del .'.-Thf.wjtchjdoptor? asked it also, and :looked,to thpi.king for light., as men look to a thunderdoud for the flash. But from the ijlack. One there came no word. So wo stood on one sido, and a second party of tho Isanusi women began their rites. As the others had done, so thpy did ^y°'.';liey worked otherwise, for this is the fashion of.the Isanusis, that no two of them smell out in the same way. And this party an epfc the lnces of certain of tho kind's j 'councilidrs, naming them guilty of the wifccli ■ ' Stand ye on ono side!' said the king to those who had been smolt out; ' and ye who have huntcd'out their wickedness, stand ye with tlnso who named Mopo, son of Make dama. , It well may bo that ail are guilty.' So these stood on ono f ide also, and » third party took up tho tale. ' 'And they n-mied certain of the great generals, and were in turn bidden to stand on one sido to gether with those whom they had named. So it went on through all that day. Com pany by company the women doomed their victims, till there were no more left of their number, and wore commanded to stand aside together with tho.-o whom they had doomed. i tha malo Isanusis began, and'I could see well that by this time their hearts .vere fearful, forthey smelt asnare. Yet tho kings bidding must be dono, and Ihouch their mnsic failed them here, victims must be found. So they smelt out this man and that man till we were a great company of the doomed, who sat'in'silence on the .ground looking'ou eacli other 'with fearful eyes and watching the sun, which we deemed our last, climb slowly down the sky. And oyer as the day waned those who were left untried of the witch- doctors grew madder and more fierce. They leaped into the air, they ground their teeth, and rolled upon tlio ground. They drey forth snakes and devoured them alive, they shrieked out. to the spirits and Called i upon the names of ancient kings, At length it drew on to evening) .Mid the last ntuNpAnjr of Ilia witcli:dootors did their work, smelling out tome of the keepers of the ' Emposeni,' the house of the women. But thove wns one man of their company,.a young man and a tall, who held back arid took no share in the work, but stood by him self in the centre of tlio great circle, fixing his eyes-on the heavens. . And when this company had been also or dered to stand asido' together with those whom tliey had smelt, out, the; king called . nloilcl to tile lust of the witch-doctors, asking him of his name and tribe, and why he alone did not do hisoffico. . : ' My name Is Indabaiiimbij tlio adn of ArpijjO feilufj' lib liiis'Tel'att, ,' and I am of the tribe of M.iquilisiui, iDoes the king bid , me to smell out him of whom tho spirits havo spbken to inQras tho worker of this deed . 11 bid thee,' eaid the king. ' ' ' ' ; Then tho young man Iudabazimbi stepped straight forward afiroaa tho ring, making ; no dries or HestureS, but Bs one who.WBiksffrom, his gste to th» eabtl« kraal, and suddenly ; ho struck the king In the fac« with tho .tail in .his hand, laying : 11 naell out tho ' Hoaven-J abort ma i ■ i Now a gr«at gn»» of wonder went up from the mnltitsde, a»d all looked to see this fool slain by tort«ro. But Chaka rose and laughed aloud. ' Thou hast said if,' he Cried, 'and thou1 alone 1 Listen, ye puople I I did the deed 1 t suioto blood upon the gateways of my kraal | with my own hniid 1 Birioto it-, that I might learn who Wete thS't'rUd doctors rtild ivho wdre the false i Mow, it seems tliat iii.tiie land of tlie 2ulu there is one true doctor—this young man—and of the false, look: on them and, count them, they are like the leaves. See 1 there they stand, and by them! stand those whom they havo doomed—theinnocentwhom,' with their wives and children; ;they. havft doomed tu the death of the dog., NoWt,l Rejt ^ p.edple; iVhat rewiird shall be given to them f .i • Then a great roar went up from all the multitude—' Let them die, O king!'.; ' 'Ayl' ke answered. 'Let them die as' liars should !' . , . , Now, tho IsMiusis, men and. women, screamed, aloud in fear, and cried for mercy, tearing thoni3elve» with their nails, jfor least of all things did they desire to taste, of their own medicine of death. But the king only laughed th« more. . i' Hearken ye-!' he said, ,pointing to the crowd of us who had been smelt out.* 'Y» were doomed to .de.\th by : these falso pro phets. . Now..glut yourselves upon .• them. Slay them, my children ! slay them:all l wipe them outI stamp them flat I—all! all, eavs this young man I' . - Then tte bounded from the ground, for our, hearts were fierce with hate and with longing to avenge the terrors we had borne. We bounded from tho ground, wo hurled our selves Upon the crowd of tho Isan.usis like dogs iitpnli ii buck | we bout them dpwn iwitli pur little sticks) we worried them with our hands, tile devils wlio had doomed Us ■ and jOUrs to the dt'titli Uf fciuiiiitj iStid feat I Ip. wain they, screamed and curacd hiv! stl'Uygled i We slow them.all. The doomed slew,the doomers, whilo from the circle of fcheTngOftibocu » „^eat roar of laughter went up, for the hearts of men were glad been uso the burden of tho witch-doctors had fallen from them, < , At ln«t it was dobe, and We drew back frem til's hea|j of deiidi j^OthlHt} Was hoard I thete 11 uv—no more cries.;or ,prayers or. curses. They'had all travelled the path on which they had set the feet; of -many. The king grow near 'to look: Along he eanie; ,ntld afl whtj dorte,hife bidtiiti^"bertjbj ttieit liHAds and ttfbpt past lilin,: praising bim as they went. Only I stood still, covered, as. 1. WIS,"with mire 6nd filth, for I did not fear to itand iu the presence uf the king. ' Cliaka drew near, and looked on the piled-ud heaps of the Bluin and the cloud of dust that yet huiijj oVer tliettW ..'••• .:i. - •*;• ' •• 1 There they lie, Mopo,' he said. ' -'There lie those who dared to prophecy fahely to the .king 1 That was a good word of thine,Mopo, which taught me to sot the snars for thorn ; yet mothought I sawUieb stitrt.wheii Nobela, qUetjn of, the MtcR-dolitutefebsi Bwitbhed death on thee. Well, they are dead;" and ,the land breathes more freely ; and for the evil that they have done, it is as yonder ;dust, th.itsoon shall sink again to.earth and fchero be lost.' . . , i Thus he spoke, then ceased—for lo I some thing moved beneath tho cloud of dust,some thing broke away through the liBap of the dead. Slowly it forced its path, pushing tho slain this way and that, till at length it stood upon its feat and tottered towards us—a thing drondful to look on. The shape was tli'e shape of an aged woman, and even throngh the blood and mire I know her. It . w/*s iNobela, she who had doomcd me, she whom but now I -hud smitten to earth,1 but Who had ootne' bnok from the dead to curse me 1 . ' ; ■ i On aha tottorodi her appftroi hanging Onndyher rirt f fed .HigS;; - hundred -wounds upon hei- face and form. She'tv«b dying, that I saw;' but life still flickered in her, and the fire of liate yet burned 'in'her'snaky' eyes. ' • • ■ : > \- 'Hail,-king I'she screamed. : ' Peace 1' lie answered; ' thou art dead I : ' Not yet, king: I'lieard thy voice arid the voico of yottdor dog, whom ' I' would, havo given to the jackals, and I would not die till I had spoken. I smelt him out this morning when."! was alive;' now that • I at'n as 'one already deadf I smell him out again."'He shall bewitch thee wi'h blood indeed, Cliaka —he aiid UnandL thy mother^ and Baleka, thy wifsi ■ ThiitK of my wotds when the assegai feddetlS before tllSe fof the list timej king 1 Ifare.Tteli! And she- gavfc Hue grea^'cry atid .rolled upon the ground dead. 'The witGh jies hard and- dies hard,' said the king carelessly, and tlirnisd .jino'u his heel. , But those words of dead Nobela rb' inained'fixed'in : his breast, or so much of them as had been spoken of Unandi' and Baleka. There they remained like a seed in tho -earth, there they grew to bring forth fruit in their season; . 1 And thus ended the great ' Ingomboco' of Chaka, the greatest ' Ingomboco' that ever' was held in Zululand. ■ 1 /; OHArTER IX. . ' :. ■ Till! Ijo'aY. of t?j,SIjQt.on/AS4 i , Now, after the great smelling' otit tif tjie witch-doctors, Chaka caused a watch to be kept upon his mother Unandi, and his wife Baleka, my sister, and this report was brought to him by thore who watched, that the two women came: to my huts ,by, stealth, and there kissed and nursed a boy—one of my children. Then Chaka remembered the pro phecy of Nobela, the dead Isanuai, and his heart grew dark with doubt. But to me he' said nothing.of the matter, for bis eyes then,., as always, looked over my head. ,He did not fear me or believe that l .plcitted. against him, I who wail his dog. Still; he did this; though whether by fihslncfi 6t design I do hot know; he bade me go on a Journe^ to il distant :tribe that lived neat the borders of..the Amaswazi, there to take count of certain of the king's cattle which were in the charge of that tribe, and to bring him knowledge'of the tale of their; increase. , So I bowed be fore the king, and said that I would and like a dog to do his bidding, and he gave me men to go with me. , , Theii I returned toi my huts to bid farewell to my wives and children, and there I found that, my wife Anadi,. the mother of Moosa, my son, had fallen sick with a wandering sickness, for strange things came into my miud, and what came into her mind that she said, being, as I did not doubt, bewitched by some enemy of my house. . ' Still, I must go upon the king's business, and I told this to my wife, Ma:ropha, thn mother of Nads, and, as it was thought, of Umslopogaas, the eon of Ohaka. But when: I told Macropha she burfct into tears and clung to me. I asked her why she wept thus, and she answered that tho shadow of evil lay upon her heart, for she was sure that if I left her at tho king's lc'raai; when I re turned again. I sluuld find neither hor nor Nada, my child, nor Umslopogaas, who was named my son, and whom I loved as a son, , still in the land of life. Then I tried to' calm her ; but tho more I strove the more she wept, saying . that alio know well that these things would bo so Now I asked her what could be done, for my heart was stirred by her tears, and the dread of ovil crept from her to mo as shadows creep from the valley to tho mountain. Sho answered, ' Take mo with you, my husband, then I may,leave this evil land, where the very skies rain blood, and let me rest awhile in the place, of my own people till tho terror of Chaka has gone by ?' , . 'How can I do this thing T I said. ' None may leave tho king's kraal without tho king's word.' i , i 'A man may put away his wife,' Bhe rci plied. •' Tha king does not stand between a man and his wife. Say, my husband, that you-love mo no longer, that I bear you no more children,-imcl thnkthiTeforo ye sofcd wo *A Zulu title for the king.—Ed. iftck to whence 1 oam,e; By-and-bya we will :ome together again if we are left to look iiptln he sun.' ' , ' So be it,11 answered. . 'Leave: the kraal vit-h Nadu and Umslopogaas this very night, md to-morrow meet me at the river bank, indwe hill i>6 oh- together, and for the rest may the spirits of our fathers ho'.d us safe.' So we kissed each other, and she went on secretly with the' children. Now, at the dawning on the morrow I sailed the men whom the king had given me, and we started upon our journey. ' When the sun was well up tvo came to the banks of the rivdr, and there I found my wife Mac rophai and with her the two children. They rose as i caiilo; but I ftmvncd.ftt my wife and .she gave me no greeting/ ThosS With me looked ht ho'r askance. >• ,'I have divorced this woman,' I.-said to them. ' She is a withered tree, a worn out old hag, and now I take her backs to send her to tiny'country of' tho Swazis, whence «lie c.\mo.' ' Weep not,'I added to Mncropha, .' it; Is, my last word.1 ■ •; '' What *ays the kingf asked.tho men. ' I will unswor to the king,'. Iisaid/and we went on. .-.. :,v , Now, T must toll how wo lost Umslopogaas, •the son of Chaka, who was now a great lad, drawing on to munhood, fierce in tempeK wi'll grown and broad for his years, v We hnd journeyed seven days,ifiir!the way; was: long,' and : cm' the night of the seventh day we came toil mountainous country where there wefc few kraals, for Chaka had eaten them all up years before. Perh.1p3.you knoiv the plttcftj lily fnthei'. Ih It Is a great and strange mountain. It is haunted and iw.ned the Ghost. Mountain, and on tho top of it is a grey penk shaped like tho head .of an.aged woman. Here in this wild place we must. • sleep,1 for darkneBs drew on. Now, .we soon learned that tlleie were: many hons iu the tocka tiroundj.for wc.Jieard their, ro.-.ring and were milch afraid, ill! except Uirislopbgnas,, who feared ^nothing. So ,we made a oircle of thorn-bushes and sat : in it; holding our assegais ready. Presently the moon came up—it was a full-grown moon and very bright, so bright tlmt wo could see every • thing for a long way round. Now, some six; spear-throws ;from' where wc sat was a cliff, and at the top of the cliff was a cave, and in this csvb> lived two liona and their. young. When the moon grew bright wo saw, the lions come out and stand upon tho edge of the cliff, and with them wore two little ones that' played about like kittens, so that had ue; not been frightened it would have been beautiful to see them. ' Oh ! Umslopogaas,! said Nada, ' I would that I had one of the little lions for a dog.' The boy laughed, saying, ' Then, shall-I fetch you one, sister ?' 'Peace, boy 11 I said. 'No man may take young lions from their lair and live.' ' Such things hare boen done,,my father,' li6 "answered, laughing; and no more was said of the matter. ' , Now, when the lions had played a while, •we-saw .tho lioness take up the cubs in her mouth and carry them into thecave. Then she .biiiiie. out again) and Went away with her mate to. seek foou, find BUttii its heard them roar ing in the distance. Now U'O stacked uj) the tiro- and went to sleep in our enclosure of thorns ffitiiOuJ fe"r> f°r wo knew that the lion's wero 'far away game._ But Umslopogaas did not sleep, for it Una into his mind that he would fetch the cub which Nada had desired, and, being young and foolhardy, he thought little of the danger that lie would bring upon himself and all of Us; He jttiew no fear, and now, as ever, if Nndii spwfe a #otd/, hay;' etfen if she thought upon a thing to nef>ire it, lie lvould Hot rest till it . was won for her. • So while we,slept he crept like a snake from the fence of thorns, and, taking an assegai in his hand, he slipped away to the foot of the cliff where the lions had their den. Then he climbed the tiiiui and; Coining to the cave, entered it lind ghjp'ed ills W»y into It. .tho flubs heard him, and, thinking that it was their mother, began to whine and purr for food. Guided by the light of their yellow eyes ho crept over the bonfc-s. of which there were many in the cave, andqttmfe: to yiieffe' they lfiy. Thin he put out iris hands iiiia Jielzeu onK of tlib tiubsj killing the other with his assegai, because .he could riot curry both' of tliom. Now lie made haste thence before the lions rctuhied, and came back to the thorn fenCP where wc lay just as the dawn was breaking! ' ' I awoke at tho coming of the dawn, and, standing Ufj, t looked otit. to ! there, .oil the farther side of the thorn fertKB, looking largo in the grey mist, stood the lad Um slopogaas laughing. In his teeth he held the assegai, yet dripping with blood, and in his hands the lion cub that, despite its whines and struggles, he grasped by the skin of the neck mid the hind legs. . " j 'Awake, my sister I' he cried-,;• 'here' is the dog you soughti Ah I he bites now, but he will aOoh;groiV tahie;', ' ' . 'Nnda. nfrpkej ndd( mifiercr'iedout with joy at the, sight of .the cut*, but for a moment I stood astonished. •-*»*•' \' I ■' ;'Fool !' I cried at last, let'the' cub go before the lions come to rend us.' ; iI ,%iH not let) it go, (my. f«t,hVr,"he an swered sullenly. 'Are there hot five "of ua with spears, and can- wo not fight two catsl I was not afraid to go alone into their dem iAre you Jill, afraid ^to meet; themVm-the •open ?'' ■ . ' ! 1 ■ ' ' You aroim&d;,' , I- sai$, .'-let the cub go !' i n 11 rushed at UmslopoganW to take it from him. Ti,But he .sprang aside, and-nvpided mo. . . v ! •' I wilt never let that go of which 'I have got hold,' he said,...'at least, not living! and suddenly he seized the., head of .'(tho cub and twistfed its, neck ) then' threw it on the ground, rind added : 'See, now I hdvedone your bidding, my father!' '/ 1 As he spuke there cime a great souhd of roaring from the cave ia the cliff. The lions had returned And found one cub dead and the other gone. 'Into the fence 1—back into thti'fence I' I cried, and we sprang over the thorn bushes where those with us already wero making re;ady thcir spears, trembling as they did so with fear, and the cold of the morning; "We 'looked up. Thero, down tho side of tho clitF, ,cam<? the lions, bounding on tho scout of him who had robbed them1 of their younj;. The lion came first, and as ho came ho roared ; tlieti followed tho lioness, but she did not roar, fo'f iti her mouth was the cub that Um slopogaas had asKKg/iied iii the cive. , Now they dj-ew near, mad with 'tutf. their manes bristling, and lashing their flanks with their long- tails. ' ' Curse you for a fool, son of Mopo,' said one of the men with me: to Umslopogaas presently I will beat you till the' blood ponies for this trick.' ' First beat the lions, then boat me if you can,' answnecd the lad, ' and wait to curse till ydii have done both.' Now the lions were near ; they came to the body of.thB second cub.-they lay outside thft fenca* of tllorns: Tho' liim stopped and sniffed it. ^ Then he roared—ah I he roared till the earth shook As for the lioness, she dropped the dead cub she was carrying, and took tho other in her mouth, for she could not carry both. ,pefc,bfhind.-.me, Noda,'- cried Umslopo gaas,' brandishing liis spear, 'the lioii is'going tcj epring.' . < • . ; As the words left his mouth the great bruto crouched to the ground. ;.Theij sud denly he sprang from it like a bird, and like a bird he travelled through.the air towards us. '< ' Giltch hirn on tho spears !' cried Uhi'slbpo gnns, and by nature, as it were, we did the .boy's bidding ; for . huddling ■ ourselves together, we held out the assegais so that the lion fell upon them as ho sprang, and their blades sank far into him, Hut the weight of his cliargo carried us to the ground, anil ■ ho fell'on to us, striking at us and the spears, and roaring with pain and fury as- lie struck. Prosently ho tvo8 on his legs biting st tho spears in his breast. Then Umslopogaas, who alone had not waited his onslaught, but had stepped aside for his own ends, gavo n loud cry and drovo his assegai into tho liou behind the shoulder, ro that with a groan the bruto rolled over dead. ; Meanwhile, tho lioness had stood without the fence, the second dead cub in her month, for she could not bring herself to leave either of them. But when" she hoard her mato's liiBt groan she dropped tho cub and gathered herself together , to spring. Um slopogaas alone stood up to face her, for he only had withdrawn his assegai from the car case of tho'lion. On she swept' towards tho lad, who stood like a stone to meet her..-Now silo met his spear, it sunk in,r it snapped, and down fell Umslopogaas dead or sensoless boneath the mass of the lioness. She sprang up, the broken spoar standing in her breast, sniffed at Umslopogaas, then, as though she knew that jt was he who had robbed her, she sized him by the loinB arid moucha, and 3prang with htm over the fenco. ' 'Olii'Mtva fuin !' cried-thft' giv! in For n moment she stood over her dead subs, Umalopoguas hanging from her mouth, imd looked at theili aa though she wondered ; and ire hoped that .she might let him fall. Then, hearing our!'cries, she turned and bounded away towards the bush, bearing Unislopogaas in her mouth. We'seized our spears and followed ; but soon the ground grew stony,v and, senrch as we would, we could find lib trace or ITm'slopogaas of of the lioness. They had vanished liko a cloud. So we ciuriQ back, and, ah ! my heart was sore, for I loved the lad as though he had indeed been my son. "But- I knew that he was dead, arid there was an end. • j ' Where is my brother ?' cried Nada wlien we came back. i . 'Lost,' I answered.. 'Lost, never to be found ngnla:'/: y- . : : Then the girl gavd fl greiifc and bitter cry); and foil to tho'^arth'Baying,:-'ji tfoald that; I' were dead with my brother !' ; ' i ' ljet'i ua Be going',■' said- Macropha, my wife. yrj-\y j ' Have you, then, no tears to weep for your son V asked a man of our company. i • • ' What is the use of weeping over the dead? Does it, Iheri) bring them back ?' she' answered. 1 Let its lie going !' The mam thought these Words strange; but he did not kilo1*'that Umslopngans was not biriV'ofMacropha. • ' - .. Still, vvo u-aiu-d in that place a day, think i tug that, perhaps, the lioness would return ; to her den and that., at least, we might slay her. -But she cani.o back no more. So !on : the next morning we rolled up our blankets and.started forward on our journey, sad at heart. In truth, Nada wis so weak from SVisf) .that she could hardly truvol,but I.never hoard the name of Umslopoeaas pass her lips Again during the journey. ■ She buried him in her heart, and said nothing. And I too said nothing, but I wondered why it had been put in my mind that. I should save the life of Umslppiigaas (rotii the jaws of the Lion of the Zulu, that tho lionfes of. the rocks might; devour, him. And ,so the .time went on till .rte reached tho kraal \vIuiro the, king's business must lie done, and whero I and my .wife:/should part., -. ... ; : ; On the morning after we came to the kraal, having kissed in secret, , though out wardly we looked sullenly on one another, we parted as those part ivho meet no more, for this was in our minds that we should never • see each other's face again, nor, indeed, did wo do ao. And X drew Nada I aside and spoke to her thus—1 Wo part, my daughter; nor do I know when we shall jneet- again, for the times are troubled and it is for 3 our safety and that of your mother that I rob • my oyes of the sight of you. Nada, you wiil soon be a woman, and you will be fairor than any woman among our people, and it will.'come about that; many great men will seek,.you .in marriage, and; perhaps, that T, your father, shall not be there to choose for you whom you shall wed, . acerttti.Tig to the' custom of our land. But this l charcfO jnZ; as far as niay be possible for you,to,do,bo, tako ot.'7 a n!.an whom you can lovo. and be faithful to hliii alone, for so snail a ttoliir.fi find happiness/ ■ (. Here t stoppedj (or the girl took hold; of haiid and looked lilto iiiy fuco. 1 'Peace, my father;' slip i!ak(; 'dp hot s(id.lk to tne' of marrirge, tor,I ,will ;wed.ni) ,fhan,. in># tfjjlfc Umslopnga,.s is dead because Of my foolish ness. x nil] .lire and din alone, afid. o hi may I die quickly," thftfc I may go to'sect iiim whom alone'I love.'1 ' 'Nay,. Nada,'-I'said,' 'pmslbpogaas' was your brother, aiia it is not'fitting that, you shouldtspeakVQfhim tliiis, even though be' is dead.-' '.. ' ' ' ; ' . , I know nothing, my father',' she said'.' ' 1 speak flrhat'my heart tells me, and "it .'fells me that I loved tFm Rlnpopaas.only living,;and',^though he is dead, I shall love him only to the end. Ah ! you think nie hut a.child, yet my heart io lar^e, and it does not lie to me.' , Now, I upbraided 'the 'girl no more, be cause 1 knew that Umslopogans was not her brotheY, but. one with wlioiii she 'might have wedded. Only I riiarvellcd that the vbice of nature should speak so truly in her, telling h(?r fcj*at. ivhiuli whs lawful, oven* when''it seemed to be tilost Unlawful. '■ 1 Speak no more of timslopogaas,' 'I said;' ' for surely he is dead, and though you may not forget him, yot speak of him no more, and'I pray this of you, my daughter, thafc: if i»«; _d° nob mept again, yet you should keep me ,iii youT .m'nd; and the love I boar you, . and the words that fr?m' time to time I have siliil tij'yoili The' world is a thorny wildor ne.v, my daughter, and. the Uioro* .are watered with a rain of blond, tiiid xffi ifaiiclet' in our wretchedness as lost travellers in it mist; nor do I'know why our' feet- are set upou. this, wandering. But at list thdrb conies an find, and we die and go Iience,none know where, but perhaps where we go tha W'j.Wy chlinge to the good, and those, who -wore dear to .each other''on the earth' mav i *?.?#.? -W f!eilf.er ih the heavens ; for1 I oeheve tfiis^rt/iat ma# is riot fcorh'to tierkh altogether/but is1 rather Withered! again ;to tho Umkulunkulu who sent hirtl on his journeyings. Therefore kee(. hope: ih'y daughter, for, if these things are not so, at least sleop remains, and sleep is soft, arid so farewell.' , .Then we kissed and'parted, !aiid Iwatched Macropha, my ;wif0, and Nada,' my daughter, tilt they melted into the sky as they walked upou-their journey to Swaziland, and was very sad at heart, because1, having' lost Uiii who in'.after' days was named the Slaughterer and the Woddpecker, I must lose, them also. , (To be.Continued.) • ' 