CHAPTER XIV. AT LAST. Peter Dusk, the detectivo, sat in his room overlooking tho Grand Canal, and smoked until he had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invariable practice to smoke furiously while working out any mental problom. It must have been a knotty point at issuo, for though it was oarly morning, ho had consumed several manillas over tho subject, and nuii. tsuujuub wna nuiio ocuer cuan mo escapo of a madman from the asylum of a privato madhouse in tho city. By that qnoer method known best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetra tors through their manifold labyrinths, Peter Dusk had found his man, only to loso him the next day. It seemed strango indeed that Fern brook, Mauprat, or whatever name the master of the Barrier Rock was known by, should bo discovered in a mad-house in Venice. But so it was. Tlio detectivo had given no explanation as to how he had discovered the clue that lod his stops to the asylum. It was sufficient for him that ono of tho lunatics theroin was the person ho had tracked half round tho known globe. Thero was no mistaking the original to tho photograph, which had guided tho officer all through his long patient search; the simplost noodlo would have recog nised tho likeness in an instant. Tlio poor patient, with his great black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with his country man to sot him free, but the detec tivo only shook his hoad in affected pity Once without the wall? of tho mad houso, Dusk hugged himself in momen tary triumph. At last he had run his man to oarth — had him safe under lock and koy. To-morrow his employers should see Fembrouk f--r thorn solves. They went on the morrow — Wnrno, Lyndhurst, and the smiling terrible limb of tho law. But he thoy went to see had gone — OEcaped, and left not tho ghost of a clue behind him. Tho sceptical novelist laughed at tlio wholo affair. ' I'm afraid you've boon working too hard in this easo,' my friond,' he said in a kind way to tho crest fallen runner from Scotland Yard. ' I cannot but admire tho tact and skill displayed in your trac ing tho doings of Furnbrook and hia Month, but when you affirm chat ho ia here, in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I bog to differ with you. Exoeut Hilton Fern brook has tho powor of Asmodeiis at his back, andean transfer himself from one hemisphoro to another with the spood of thought, I cannot see how it is possiblo he can be in this city. Bolides did not the Mastor of Del Maddilino say this self same person had been confined there for ovor three yoars? How can you reconcile that statement with your theory that tho poor wrotch was tho Muster of Fern brook ?' Poter Dusk disdained to argue, but ho ransacked tho old Venetian city from St. Murk to El Pordo for tho osoapoe. It was of no avail, however ; thoro was no moro clue to be had of him than if tho oarth had gapod and swallowed him up. Whon all tho questioning nnd search ing wasondod. Peter Dusk had gonoovor to Ddl Grado for further orders, but Warno and his companion had departed for London. Sn tho dotoctive smoked and reflected , and tho moro he smoked and cogitated tho more puzzled ho becamo ovor tho whole affair. 'That Mr, Lyndhurst was perhaps right a'ter all,' he muttorod, apostrophis ing tho table. ' I don't see how a man cau possibly ba in tw- places at the same time. Thoy say this Hilton Fornbrook is still in New Zealand — was at tho opera a mattor of only six wook3 ago. How then can tho man whom I saw in tho madhouse bo ho? Yot, if this is a strik ing likeness of the nun I was sent after, I'll swear tho es.'apoil lunatic is either the dovil or tho convict Mauprat. Humph ! let mo think !' Thero wa3 no ouo to hindor him think ing out tho question in all its subtle bearings, and it to:k him some time oro ho was weary of it. Tlio littlo marble clock over tho mantle piece chiming noon aroiuud him. ' Ah, woll, I can't seo my way now,' he resumed, in that qutiut fashion of talking to hinnolf. ' I'll not givo in though, not 1. If that mudmuti bo alivo and abovo ground, I'll (1ml him — though I don't boliovo he's a bit mud. A crnzy fellow would not havo noted or spoken as ho did. It's no uso staying horo. Tlio f Ilow'd an Englishman and he'll make for London. All sorts and conditions of men hide thoinsolvos oithor thoroor in Paris. It ho gooj to ouo or tho other I'm certain to hunt him out. I'll p uk up and bo off and try London tint. ' It dot-s not t'.iku him long to put his decision into execution. A staanmr ia found ready for sailing, and Poter D.ialc takes a paijago in her. It is a cold, windy ovening that finds him on the slippery p.ivaiueiit of the Strand. Instead of wending his way to the ofliue of the Minorius, the detective goes straight to hia lodgings in Ludgato, and comes forth again within tho hour quite traiufiirmod in outward appearance. Calling a cab ho drives towards Tomplo Bar. 'If this man's in London, he'll havo a peep at tho thoatro,' he snys to himself. ' Hoguos or lunattos, it's all tho same. As soon as thoy'ro lot out of tho cage, thoy are drawn to the plnyhomo as if by magic. I'll bogin with tho theatros.' Dismissing the trap, ho urnlka down to tho Adelphi, and paying his shilling as conds to tho gallery, where ho can seo almost ovory person in tho houso. A few minutos sufllca to convinco him that tho escaped madman is not amongst tho nudionoo liore. From tho Adelphi Potor Dusk goes to Drury Ltino. Instead ot mour.i.ig tho gallery he takes a soat in tho dross circle, and looks round at tho vast Boa of heads and faoos crowding the place. Aivay out yonder near the stage, in tho pit, the dutociivo suddenly sees the man he is looking for. There is no mistaking that proud, dark Spanish-like face, with the short cropped black hair and moustache. Tho man is leaning indolently against the stage-box, (yet deeply intent upon the performance), and is dressed iu a suit of sober tweed. Before the scene is concludod Potor Dusk has takon a seat beside the man in the pit, and has satisfied himsolf beyond tho smallest shadow of a doubt Hi at ho is tho escaped lunatic from 'Del Mudi lino.' 'Fine play, my friond.' The man turns and looks the Scotland Tord runner full in the faco. ' Itjjis a grand performance,' he re spond* slowly, and in a rich manly voice, that had a tone of melancholy iu it. ' But it ia badly mounted. In Franco thoy attend to those things moro so than iu England.' ' You aro not a Frenchman, sir V'1 ' No,' replied the strangor, smiling. 'Nor yot an Englishman j I ma3' sa}' that I am u cosmopolitan, having ' travelled some,1 as they say in America.' 'Aro you an American ?' ' You arn curious, my friend,' said the other, good-humouredly. 'In France, and even in the United States, they have a rule in society called etiquette, which moans that rudo questions aro deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my nationality, I may toll you' that I have none. I repeat, I am a cosmopo litan.'' ' Beg pardon,' said tho detoctive, hastily. ' It struck mo I had soon you before somewhere.' ' You woi'3 a stricken deer, my friend, for thinking so,' responded the other. 'We cannot possibly have mot be fore.' ' I think wo have,' criod tho dotec tive. Thoro was a swift Hash in tho black eyes, as they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the faco of the speaker. 'Indeed, sir! Whoro?' ho askod, quickly. ' Havo you courage to accompany mo to tho vestibule, and I will tell you thoro !' ' Why not toll mo horo ?' replied tho other with somo disdain. ' I Iihvo a reason, which I will givo you also, if you will adjourn with me.' 'Pray, load the way ; I am nt your service.' Not another word was spoken until tho pair roached a small room, adjoining tho saloon bar. 'Now, sir,' said the stranger, 'sonting himself. ' Tull mo whoro you and I havo mot before.' 'At tho Del Madilino, in tho city of Venice,' cried Dusk. If a pistol bullethad gone through the body of tho man, then and thero, ho could not havo evinced greater surprise, Ho stared at tho detective in blank amaza mont for fully a minute. 'Pray, who aro you V ho said, at length. ' I may answer aftor your fashion, and reply, I'm a cosmopolitan.' ' You saw mo in a mad-house in Venice?' usked the other in a vacant way. 'Yes! tho Del Madilino. a privato asylum, governed by ono Dr. Dotti Nico lino.' The other replied not, but gripped tho bnok of his chair with a convulsive clutch. ' It is not many days since I was in Vonico on business. I hnd occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini's establishment. I saw you thero.' ' I retnombor you now,' responded the other, nftera pause, in which ho hnd recovered from his sm-priao. 'You have disguised yourself, but I rocognizo your voice.' ' I'm glad of that,' said tho detective coolly. ' Now tell mo how you escaped from Del Madilino ?' The man laughed. 'Still inquisitive,' ho said, with milll irony in his tone. ' Aro you interested my friend ?' 'Perhaps.' ' Well tho story is too long, and I'm not in tho humor to talk much.1' ' How if I land you in gaol, and send you back to Vouico ?' inquired Dusk. ' My good sir, you aro ovidontly in a fog respecting the luw of England' con cerning lunatics, answered iho strangor with a smilo. ' First, you will havo to provo that I am insane ; second, that I oscaped from a mad-house.' II Did you not escape ?' *' That is another quostion, my friond.' Petor Dusk reflected a moment. He felt that ho had no lunatic to deal with in the person of this strangor. ' What if I send for Dr. Nioolini, and provo your identity ?' said tho detec tive. ' Tho mad doctor cannot provo my identity. Besides ho dare not set foot in London.' ' Daro not 1' II 1 repeat — ilure not.' ' Why, pray 1' inquired Dusk. 'My friond, quo3tion3 sooin to be your forte, but I am not inclined to answer them. If you havo any business with mo, pray come to it at once, for I wish to soe the play out,' 'Do not bo in a hurry,' said Dusk, placing hi» back to tho door. 'Do you know who I am?' ' No, nor do I caro.' 'I am Peter Dusk, from Scotland Yard.' ' Indeed, and pray, Mr, Dusk, what is that to me ?' ' Do you know this photograph?' ro plied tho othor, handing him a e»rtede viaito. The stranger took it, and held it to tho light. As ho looked at the pioture, thero came into his oyos a strange expression impossibles to describe Peter Duik watohod his faoe as a tiger doos its prey, — To bb Continued. FD 11 