« )fl". I I i J.i .. 5777' \- IfJiMl fiSHNSMi. Sly Atirih hVhBiiintoii had lifcU- Uie .sonoty lit fact- teet ; dte lnMvlt, hd lost not . ft tkfcV«rt»ira thereby. 1 %«A «V- served It jvz&ittide; for ftotliing at Ihe time esoepe&uiy; note, though! own Vith. tnortifl- .nation ti»k 'bttly Ui8 8Gndiy before the ' time of 'VSioti t Mdc I heidvstCed aloud ia UW\ gmt meeting- 4t the Court- houM,T-' irtm h»Uing lost :: my ted moreen "shbe, "ny reason of a etout ansa fitting onmy foot. Kot that my sfitot nr«>hnrt,'batttttt rfesrtxbtheloss vt TOf8hoe,firtiloh bBiigt8,\wa« very- pretty, thonvhtriily a eyiug fit, fnrandmothor aua ' my maldJane making much ado to" trotting diem on In time. ; Bntthey were brought to znsirumavBW aura,a gmsi|vuniey .in £iy, meaning to. .me then the 'whole of the oater world.- 1 remember wellhow toy round cheeks homed, . though my tears were -still dropping from the loaswf eny finerv, when my fothet lilted ,me bjr xmt arm over the heads of the people, the seats being Arranged ins Bemioixete one >ver the ether, ana never paused until he had deposited me safely In my cwn chair At home. Aunt Washington had not gone to meet ing, pleading s headaehe, though I found her in the garden smong 4he sweet elyesnm beds/ tahing a&d; talking with Henry Xrvtla. He dhiuked tne under the chin when hehad 'besfd my tearful story, for my shoe .had; been left behind, &ud; I doubted that my tether woold trouble to fetch it; but Aont Washington laughed and gave me a peppermint from her pocket. She liked my mmil frivolity, she Avowed, and declared me a thorough woman. 2 liked tiot'tbe appearing of Henry lytle, by reason, perhaps, of my grandmother's aversion, forshe. could not abide his prea- onoe particularly, as Aunt Washington touched hec. lip At my sudden appearing, and Heary Xytle made a wry face, shrug ging nptnsihoulders. Aunt Washington was the yonngestohild of grandmother, and only e arriving daughter, and was a pretty widow of three years landing. Now my grandmother held peculiar views en regard to widowhood, bearing oat all principles with honest pnotice, that upon tire rotom of a woman to her tether's house,- she' having been widowed, she should resume the sobeervlence of her former childhood, particularly until five years of mouming should be passed; and though Aunt Wamington was possessed of a cozy little fortune in her own right, from her husband, grandmother ruled her yonngest daughter with a rod of iron. My lather, being mostly under the same roof, name in tor his portion of oourtierahip, and bauugu my graxmrnouier w&b; a wonaeriuuy charming woman, she was none the less a d wpOt inker own way. I often wondered, as I sat in the sunshine nursing my old wooden doll aud watching the tight as it played npon my grandmother's faoe as she'sat at her netting, what position in the great hooso, with its great head, my late lamented grandfather had occupied, but npon that matter all were as silent as the grave, and I dare not question. We dawdled among the flowers until high noon of this August Sunday, 1 free as air 1 And barefoot. Aunt Washington having suggested the advisability of removing my go remaining shoe, altogether unrestrained in grandmother's absence, chasing the white and yellow bnUerfiies with oiy Son day hat, at the expense of the artificial wreath upon It, sriMMBpetalB were wofullj shattered. But what difference did it make, when the garden was fpfl of the living flowers ? Henry Xjytle looked at his watch, when, at the tuni of the lane, we saw the church party approaching, and liteaiog us to mice, eud something unintelligible about the morrow, stooped his tall head and kissed both Aunt Washington and me, much to my astonishment, for grandmother was wont to deliver severe dissertations npon the promiscuous osculation of the sexes, holding that kisses were unholy things, B wvennpcm an unoffending infant,- bat Aunt B Washington gave me a peppermint, which B was k sufficient hint as to toy discretion. When grandmbther's royal silk rustled in H at the irbnc gate (grandmother was more B mooossf a Soaday) Heniy Jjytle's long B legs bad girdled the garden f enoe at the B tearforan instant, and he was gone, leav- B dug Aunt Washington and me with smiles, box with a sruilty " Sunday feeling." I as to the butterflies And my Sunday hat. Aunt B Wariihxgton as to Henry Lvtle and the B - etee?:- Bt Monday was a gTeat day at the " Elms," B ' a dayof clearing Away the literal and im- B Aginary cobwebs that had gathered over Sunday, that being the only day in the oaleodar, excepting Christmas, wherein the whisk and dust cloth were noc used with B mernUl and moral vigor. B IJion th&t; particular Mondsy grand- B mother was summoned to attend a dying B friend, a friend of her own girlhood. Now B grandmother believed that there was a time1 B Or all thiugA, even a time to danoe, which B che afterward proved, but in Bpite of the B tiesbf yeara of association it was very on- B reasonable in Martha to take to dying of a B Monday, she averred. However, duty was B duty, aud as such my grandmother B sever shirked it, so, without delay, the tenuly ' carriage was fetched, aud with . many direotions to the maids and special B admonitions to Aunt Waahington in regard- B to Abe quince preserves, now in a primary I state of preparation, with a rustle of silk I and a whiff of lavender, grandmother was I driven away, leaving the household world to I Au't Wiashingtoa and tome. I My ideas as to our respective occupations V for Iha morning are not very clear at this I late date. " I had an allotted daily task npon I ay sampler, into which pattern grand- I mother had stunk a pinto mark ito limita- r tiohs, and I . remember that my Aunt Wash ington was unusually busy. My sampler was very exasperating and my crewels snarled unmercifully. The text was, 4< Honor and Shame from ad Condi tion &iseJ;" I bad gotten through the basket of primroses with oross-stiteh and into 41 Shame," and now I was slipping toy c&avas; in a most slovenly manner, Wishing that I was a boy or a butterfly, or aoaifitiung not required . by grandmothers or -n&toreto; work Mmnlara srhan n. bmbm were assailed by voices from the as well as the aroma of boiling quinces. My intuition told me that it was Henry Xrytie, and X lost no time in satisfy ing tha, emee by proof. He was standing ry one ride ot the big brass . and Aunt Washington on the other, with a wooden spoon in her hand. They were arguing about something, aqd Annt Wash- ingtonlookedhali -laughing, bolt - frightened - Henry Lyfle— in my grandmother's kitchen ! Alas i Alas J Suoh inaecorum — and he had dared,.. and Aunt Washington had dared 1— oh 1 . grandmother 1 grand- xn other I . Bat he said something- more about mice, and chucked she under the "Em gain, and Aint Washington emit me, with exact par- nlarity, to nqnire of Annt Peggy, the housekeeper, seven sticks of "fanMrwn. I have seduoualy avoided the nse of cin- m&mon; irrpreaervea, even to this day, for a discreet -wee of nutmeg, doves, ginger or unace, I have found, serves the -purpose fully as well, without any unpleasant sugges tions. Onoe npon my mission, ; in spite of the dignity of my eeven years, I forgot to return Immediately. - It nrusthaye been An hour or A3 late when, guiltily upbraided by oon- «cienc«, X gathered Aip my seven mnnaiupp sticks. Hie house seemed strangely quiet, -and from tits kitchen the alarmingly naplesrant -odor -of burning eyrup; I say wmimiui mw . oewpc ui SUCH Bu oaor into my grandmother's mouse was a positive catasbipte-..' - v : . I ran as stent as my chubby legs would r>.>-.-.jOtuty as, nriling upon Avnt Washington, ffmt nh Au . Witihingtoa -respbnded. The cantente of Asjria jfcettie yerg burning : v -at Bie tottomaadboiliqg cirar.fXAfptoed m?b llhrir|to sBprilt w;tbe"wuDdpn jpo<m« . .%uolng :;gBmn -0 ppeEaticm/nit j urns tooflistororato yraspana tieittes no one was there to comfort me. ; .J- tried io'Iift the yaothligtuffj Jgnaa wuelyhave tried ..tojuiWpHlaraMhwntBiBT Not t-aiti was r .arightruliefcring/ Annt Veggy was deaf, MuAVfflaiypnutiD&dfBigbt; £ava shoutod until doomsday, for SD"lhaV -rite toUld hear. Xveriiy ttUereidTthat it was coming,' and there uy -Oarhy the ualy living thing in hearing, with hishhtok nose on his paws, nothuagink, though he caved nbtwaft,for! ae'orte preserves. .jXf hvoe Ooifld have put out the fire the pee- Aerrea %oitid have hmn saved. However,! wandered 'jabunt helplessly, etiU holding jon to the wooden epoon, when lepied a bag OTpperniints "that Aunt Weehiugtou had< thpughtlblly left " upon the kitchen table-; thmeX grttped as my only eolace in $his time1 'of trouble, sua hover stopped '-until I was 'in coy: own little bed, Lead and a;tovered, still holding test the -pepper- 'miiitfl. ' . , t heard the inaids retora, then a stir and a bustled ' t knew that my own maid was .seeking kor me. Xo-tbe fear of my grand- mothto's anger, 1 had utmost -forgotten toe absence of Aunt Washington. Where was Aunt - Washington ? Where was Henry- LytieP I beard the approaching wheels - signalling my grandmother's return. I heard tiie brewing of the storm, cmhnmati&ginthe; arrival of a message whion " trusted that the preserves were not spoiled, and begging grandmother's pardon, Aunt Washington had gone to marry Henry Lytle 1" , "And where Is Frances Ann?" demanded my grandmother. Feeling myself summoned, I desoeoded from my nest like a culprit, and, amid sobs, I related all I knew, even down to the pep permints and seven cinnamon sticks. Having no one else In particular to blame, upon my sorrowful and devoted head was poured all the wrath that my poor, outwitted grandmother could muster. The sun had ceased to shine on my grand mother's house. My father had suddenly deoided to make a trip to New York, to be gone for a matter of five or six months, and left me alone in my childish sorrow, after having vainly promised to bring me more things than I ever could have dreamed of — abiogs totally unstated and inappropriate for child of my tender years. My grandmother was silent, but scrupu lously exact in the daily business of life, and persistently refused to consider any presupposed advances to be made by Aunt Washington aud Henry Lytle in the future. Said my grandmother. "Serena has made her own bed, and she can lie in it." Soon after my father's departure my f-andmother sent for Barrister Quille. Now arrister Quills was the family attorney, as his father had been before him ; one of the powerful triumvirate in greet old families, without whose attendance great family oc casions were null and void. Seed cakes were brought and a pair of cobwebby bottles, for service in my grand mother's boudoir, a ceremonial always pre- oeeding important business transactions. Upon bis departure I encountered Bar rister Quills npon the piazza, whereupon he patted me on the head and called me a very clever child, taking unusual notice of me. Affairs were very quiet in my grand mother's house, but my grandmother became suddenly Aware that I was in need of an education, so a governess and music master were provided for me, my pantelettes were made a little more ornate, and with all this care I soon became a most miserable little creature. I could not quite make out my newly ac quired importance. I feared that my father was preparing to take a wife unto himself, and wept in secret accordingly, for grand mother was stoioa) in her silence. One day, Jane, my maid, revealed the cause vf all my woes. She was curling my hair for my daily presenc3 in my grand mother's drawing-room (there were visi tors), when, my hair becoming in some way- entangled with the cane, for it curled naturally, I cried out. " La !" said Jane, "hain't yon 'shame, Miss Frances, ter cry out lack er baby, when Ole Miss dons sot younpfurerleetleiady !" and she tweaked my bair again, at which my tears continned to flow. 44 When Ole Miss done cut Miss S'rena out'n de will, lack she done cut Marser Leo, an' mek you de heir ! Hain't jron 'shame, when you oughter be proud an' " What, Jane V' I cried, aghast. " Won't grandmother have Aunt Washington for her aughter never any more t" "Yo/aidJans, " fihodooo taken you £n her place. 44 Me ! tc Yes," said Jane, with a cautious shake ter your 'eition, Miss Franoes. Bey do say, Miss Frank, as how Mis9 S'rena io dat happy wid Henry Lytle, she don't keer," 41 Where is my Aunt Washington ?' I de manded. 44 Huh ! I han't got her ; over ter yer Cousin Dorcas'," said Jane, "but none nv us fom here hain't ter see herer ter speak ter her. Ole Miss say so." 44 1 won't have her plaoe, and Til tell grandmother so !" I cried, stamping my foot, as was customary with me in those 'days, on asudden rise of temper. " I'll just teU grandmother so, so there !" "Better leave Ole Miss 'ione," said Jane in an awestruck tone. 44 Et she wan ter leave you all she got, you can't top it." My erandmother had disinherited my Annt Washington as she bad my Unole Leo, the year before X was born, aud who had never returned from France since that event ful day. i Somehow, I associated the fact with the offering up of Isaac, without an intervening power, or the casting of babes into the Ganges by heathen mothers, of whom my governess read to me on Sundays, and for the reclamation of whom I was saving np mr coppers. I looked at grandmother in her flowing silks, with her eauve, gracious manners and smothered sorrow, and more and more I associated her in my mind with the Hindu women ; but my grandmother went to church and was a Christian. Time wore on, and I with an uneasy con science wore, as I deemed it, my borrowed dignity. My father returned and loaded me with gifts until I skipped about like a bedizened Indian princess, but still I vae not happy, for I feared to confide my trou bles to my father without my grandmother's advice. Girie were very modest aud timid in my day, even the most daring, end had not a fraction of the confidence they now bravely display, it may perhaps be now as well, but it was not then the fashion. At last we heard that there was another Serena at the house of my Cousin Boreas a Serena, rose-leaved and tiny. It was only whispered; audi went to bed, fevered with interest and silent curiosity, for I dare not mention the news to my grand mother. She had changed of late, was sometimes absent and dreamy, as she eat at her net ting, giving me ekeiu after skein to untangle, only to mesh them again. My grandmother was strangley out of sorts ; my governess did not please her, my music master eli-itedno unerase, in iact, sue was lara to put toe little man out of the house altogether, and even my voice was harsh in my grandmother 'sears. Perhaps 6he was thinking of her distant son, perhaps of my beautiful Aunt Wash ington, perhaps of the little baby she had not even seen. Howbeit, my grandmother was sufficiently out of humor to catechise me on geography, and finding me wofully un responsive she boxed my rare and sent me from the room. Now the sting of mortification wsg heavier than the weight of my grandmother's hand, and gulping a something that held the nervous semblance of a piece of crusty cornbread in the throat, I wandered tear fully among the elms. I would do some thing. Child as I was, 1 felt that I was occupying the position of an interloper, end .WA. V|iwjM«wu nHWtvuiiaviC. J. UOU my own place to fill, and could not take Aunt "Washington's, no matter how muoh my grandmother wished it. Under her cold exterior I knew that she was grieving, that she never would be happy again in the absence of her child, though she might die in her pride without a word. Beyond the arching elme, at night of me, my father's horse, a blooded animal, whin- neyed from trie tether, eager to be gone I patted his sensitive flank that quivered be neath toy touch. He was saddled and bridled, and yet tar tether "bad not come. Suddenly a great thought trembled at my heart and leaped into my pulec#. Thehouse of boutin Dopo only klittoUei away. I knpw tjyery'in&h; of the road, bverf brake," every 'plum-thicket. I would. hesl -4he fomily breach; I would yield false pori-' tion ki would goAud fetch Annt Washing ; ton.-. " tsi' . oculd grandmother do against her - pretence, my tears, her pleadings? t pictured how she would plead, in a white- muslin dress— and if she would not, then! vrouidforhff. » I No one was about. Quick as thought, though stealthily, 1 climbed into the saddle, prepared for bnoe to do my masters -Credit \ anuiroda slowly through the heart oi\ the town,iest I should attract undue attention. Though- people turned Once and again to look at my bare head and ' streaming hair, for t had forgotten' my bonnet,- 1. was not molested. . : All alone, without even Jeoffry to: follow —alter nearly a year of curbing, %uoh bliss, such freedom t At the edge of tiie wood I gave into a brisk eaater, to which the spirited Nero was hot adverse. How it would have worried Jeoffry to keep abreast of that upon his ambling cob ! Such delioious air, suoh delicious freedom, with, my long ourls whip- r5nv my back like so many loosened bridle- tins Almost in my enjoyment I had forgotten my mission, when Tight in the middle of the road, only a few paoes ahead, a bate-legged ' urchin threw up his hat. I screamed, but too late, for once again the dark thing whirled, and, with a vicious yell, the little rascal disappeared. Nero reared suddenly upon his haunches, then, wheeling like a thing possessed, took baok through the tangled wood. Too frightened to think, I dropped tiie rein and flattened myself against his neck, holding with all my childish i strength to the ri&ing; and falling mane: On, on, through the brake and taugle, scrap ing me almost from my seat, the frightened auttnal sped ; on, ou — now back to the edee of the town. With dosed eyes I beard the shouts of the men, the scream of the women to 44 save the Uttle child l" I thought of my father, my grandmother, Aunt Washington, the little baby I had never known. All sow would go on without me ; they would never know how I tried to make them all happy. They would never know that it was not a childish prank— and I would have died, in vain, in vain. ' % . 9/m It was morning, the sunlight fell like gold dost through the little diamond panes. 1 was stiff and sore, my head was bandaged, and I could not move my arm. 1 must have been dreaming i I thought I was dead, but I was in my own little bed, whose muslin curtains looked like e&ow; its the sunlight. Somebody sat at a table net ting, and there were trare in the eyes that looki-d new and again upon my bed. Was this my grandmother— that tender pain hers that lay upon brow and lip? She stirred, I closed my eyes again; perhaps I dreamed, bat on my cheek I felt each kisses rata as I had never known in all my orphaned i life before, murmured caresses, sending tender thrills to wake that part of my yonug heart that would have been my mother's. Was this my graudmother ? I must have dreamed ; theer weakness fell upon me — ttnvled skeins and smothered kisses drifted with the dream. For many days I balanoed life and death with fever, bruises and a broken arm, hold ing often through the weary night grand mother's hand in mine, and then they came from far to ask for me and shame me with a : fair tale of my bravery. Twas wonderful, | tbey said, for such a child as I to sit so firmly and bo long. I One day when all were pone and I could creep about like a small ghost from chair to couch, from couch lo oh&ir; again, my graudmother had set down a tiny table right before my chair, and on it Jeoffry placed the seed-cakes and the wine. I breathed the very atmosphere of cere mony, as my graudmother took a seat across from my wan self. "When I had drank and choked and, half in fear, had nibbled a cake, my grandmother leaned upon her arm and looked at me. " Frances," she said, in tones both grave and slow, speaking for the first time of my esoapade, 44 it was a naughty thing of you to take your father's horse, a wild and vicious thing he hardly dares to ride ; it was a wioked thing to eteal away alone withoatpermlesion, though you must have had your reasons, child, for you are not a fool. What were they, Frances; why did you go?" The kto «)«h were uxea upon my u»u- hard, inquisitive, uncompromising now ; I tnusthave surely dreamed they ever looked in love. I hung my head and wbit- pered : 44 To fetch Auut Waehiugtm home." 44 And what affair was it of yours to inter meddle ?" demanded my grandmother. With all my weaknees thh» was more than I could bear. I fell upon my knee6 and clasped my grandmother's skirts with my unhurt arm; 44 Because," I sobbed, 44 1 don't want Aunt "Washington's place ; I don't want to be a fine lady, as Jane rays I must. I don't want any lessons, any music, anything. Take her back, and the little baby, too, grand mother — the little baby that is just the same to you as 1 am— Jane said bo. Please let us all be happy, and let me be good again." My grandmother drew herself away and looked at me. I most have been a very piti ful eight, with my bandaged arm and great wide eyes, for my grandmother turned and left the room without a wozd. All the morning I felt that I was under a cloud ; but about noon my grandmother sent azain for Barrister Quills, and over the seed -cakes and the wine I was made a party to the proceedings. I have not & very clear recollection as to what passed, perhaps due to my years, or to the wine to which I was noaccu&tomed;, bnt that night, as grand mother tucked me in my crib and put out the light (grandmother always performed that office for me when there were no guests in the drawing-room) sbe bent over me ana whispered as gently as her softened humor .bade : " Mv Frances. 6he shall come." » There were great preparations at the 44 Elms" for the reception of Mistress Henry Lytle, my grandmother irresistibly slurring the male portion in her mention of it. She never did anything by halves (per haps excepting this), and such baking and larding was unknown since my own dear 1 mother s marriage. The gentry from far and near were bidden to a feast, the like of' which was the superlative of every com parison for many a year. In some way or < other I woe to figure as & heroine, though my small head was unable to grasp toe reason why. But it was all as good as a play, of which Aunt Washington told me, where all the people were gay and marched off and on a stage. I was pranked out in a brocaded satin petticoat, sod had my hair dressed most inappro priate to my years ; but Aunt Washington, or Aunt Lytle, as I should properly call (per, would have it so, and Mistress Lytle's word avw vu uq ijuwuuuou, iuy um, pro- vofcingly slow to mend, was bound in one of Henry Lytle's best neckerchiefs. My graud mother was gorgeous as a Grand Duchess, and happier, too, 'tis fair to wager, than many another beside a throne. To her granddaughter, her black satin train gave more the aroma of dignity than can ever again die with woman. Aunt Washington, beside her lover hue- ; band, wore the bridal robes toe had not worn in her hasty flight, now with her mother's own permission, and amid the blessings of ne aJl. Oh, bow tbey danced ! I looked upon them from my little chair, pushed close be side my grandmother's own. 44 Sir Soger de Coverley'' woke the echoes of the dis tant past. - My grandmother led out with Barrister Quills ; Aunt Washing- ton followed with my father ; twenty, thirty, forty couples— an! no, I conld not count them — flashing their colors like changeable rainbows against the vibrant wail of violins. On, on, through the houre, with the pause of a tea- cup or toe tipping of a glass. On, on, with the violins, the mellow voices that told my happy, childish heart that peace could brood again upon the 44 Elms." On, on. thronghOieavy lids that would but close, Xeeethem yet— through all the darker days that, came and passed— and on the top most atair to wave a kiss to me, her white robes, the pinions of any childish dreamB, the rose un withering upon her breast, toe best- loved of my kindred, my Annt W&ehington;, 