' ; ' SUNDAY S ER VICES. christ church. ' The Rev E. A. Crawford preached last even ing upon Acts, -5th chapter, 31st verse— "flim did. God exalt with His right hand to le a Prince" and a Saviour,- for to give, repentance nrito Israel and remission of sins." Tne Resur rection was the very life arid soul of the fine preaching of the. apostles ; it supplied them with an inspiration and a constant subject. They bad no doubt whatever about- it, for they had witnessed it themselves. The Christian preacher of to-day is tempted to torn aside from preach ing Christ, as tbe apostles did, and to listen to the charmer, who bids bim say what people would ratber hear. But we must obey Gcd rather than men ; nor substitute our fleeting thoughts on fleeting questions for the Gospel cf Christ, crucified, risen and ascended. This Christian Priest has' received the Holy Ghost for his nffice; even' as the apostles did. Christ is exalted to be a Prince and Saviour and to give repentance and remission of sins. Repentance is a Divine gift, and it is necessary to salvation. We must take lighted candles aud search into the dark corners of our hearts. Religion is all a hollow mockery without- the grace of repentance. In a Christian land national holidays are church holidays. So at Christmas and E ister we must he .specially watchful, for times of pleasure are times of temptation. The greatest saiut has to live, a life of repentance. lv. : . presbyterian church. The Rev Hume J. Robertson preached yes terday from the text, Lo, I am with "you alway."— Matthew, 28th chapter, 20th vepe. " Me yo have not always. "—John, 12th chapter, 8th verse. These sayings of Christ seem con tradictory, but, like , many other apparent dis agreements of; Holy .Wpt, ; when examined thoughtfully they are seen to be in the fnllest accord. The .words from St John, " Me ye bare not always,?' refer -to tho bodily, presence of; our Saviour. '''"Lo, Item with you alway," is the promise of the continual and abiding spiritual presence of "Jesus in. the hearts of His followers. ' These words speak to us of the' humanity u and . Divinity of Christ. Of 'His humanity, . because they tell of His death ; of His Divinity, because although His corporeal prejenco is in Heaven, yet Ho is still upon earth revealing Himself by His blessed Spint to ad wbo seek Him. His humanity reminds us of His fellow feeling. Ho can sympathise with us in all our troubles, trials and tempta tions, for He has experienced them ail. " )'J have riot a high priest that cannot be touched with a feeling of our infirniities, but one that hath been on all points tempted like as wo are, yet without sin." His Divinity tells us of a Saviour ip. Heaven interceding for us; He ha3 conquered sin arid death,' and, exalted at God's right hang, is omnipotent to save". Dr Fisher, Bishop ot Rochester, when going to his execution on Tower Hill, read the passage, "This is ¥e eternal to know Thee, the only true God, arid;' Jesus' Christ ' "whom Thou hast £®n: Closing. bis Testament, he said, " Praiso bw , this is' sufficient both for mo now and for eternity." . So pur dual text teaches up that Christ is, ours for timo arid eternity. Be a tae Christ we want, Ilo ia with us, not only horj1' but He is also waiting for us in eternity., b® has ascended to prepare a place for us. Knoff' ing that Christ 'is there to receive us, we can peaeeftilly' look forward: to tho time whepw shall hear tlio voico of the great King sW1' moniiig p8 awiiy. , Shall we bo' affrighted who Ho wKb has' passed through the dark valloy- there to support and uphold us to wolcomo to, p.uj! Fi)t|ieE'8. lionie ? " ,, 