THE STORYTELLER. A RUINED CASTLE. A SKETCH. By " Eve Hope." They say that we don't posses the real, ] genuine article, in this new land of outs— i the noble battlements around which ivy j clings in a loving embrace, while they sweetly j fall to decay; and all that sort of thing that j one reads of in European novels and guide-j books. Well, possibly not, but, what is j more to the point, we build ourselves j mansions replete with every convenience j that £ a. d. the great can command. When1 they fall into disrepair, we know better than to leave an empty shell for ghosts to prance | around in the moonlight, to the tune of the j " Dead March" played by the wind in the eucalyptus trees. We cart away the rubbish 1 at once, without allowing time for ivy or any ! other creeper to hug it, and, pre6to! we begin j to build another, or else we sell the land at four times its real value to some conliding soul, if there happens to be a boom on, and— smoke the pipe of peace and ease ever after. Of castles of another kind, however, we have galore in this land of gold and sunshine, the only kind ofcas les that poor people can build—"castles in Spain." 1 am so matter-of-fact now, that my friends can scarce believe that there was ever a time when it was not so. At the age of fourteen 1 was very romantic, and sentimental, too, in a way, but there is no better prescription for knocking such notions out of one's head than marriage and the possession of two extra-strong-]unged babies; at all events, that cured me. 1 was left an orphan at a very early age, and was handed over to the tender mercies of Aunt Sarah. 1'oor AuutSarah made it her "mission' to train me tip in the way I should go, but i am afraid she succeeded but indif ferently*, because of my fatal fondness for the " other way." Perhaps it was not altogether my fault either. One night, I remember, just about mid winter, Aunty came into the parlour after tea, dressed to go out; that is to say, she wore an old waterproof cloak, once grey, but now green with age, with sleeves drawn in at the wrists by elastic, for it might rain. She also wore a black turu&u; fiat, trimmed with cock's feathers. 1 discovered from an entry in a musty old family liible 1 chanced upon lately that she must have been forty-nine at that time, but she always wore the turban and cock's feathers. The former might vary in material, but the feathers were always there. hhe was very pious, and scarce ever went out without carrying a bag of tracts on her aim, in case sheste might meet some sinner more original than usual in her goings and comings. 1 was made to read all the tracts before they were bestowed upon the outsideamners, and I secretly took a delight that was in no wise pious in some of the illustrated ones. They were, hi foot, foe only comic pictures I was allowed to #ee» they were my ftauJL I find I havedeaeribed Aunty's garments, and ntrt hmeSL To me slie was just Aunty, but, Iwking atbernow as an outside* w^a, «die was ttfU and my thin, with a pale face, * long, afaarp nose, and stall she^rjgrey eyes, for they ewtaed to see ~ even forbidden yellowbacks. the mattress of my bed for safety. She wore three etiff curls on each aide of Jier face. The untidiness of my own curly mane was niy despair, inasmuch as it was one of the many thinra Aunty " nagged" me about daily,and for a longtime it was a mystery to me how she kept tier curls so neat. • One day, however, just when my first in vitation to a children's party arrived, in my delight I impulsively threw my arms round her neck ana kissed her. She quickly turned her head away, so that my kiss fell upon her ear, and my brow grazed her curls, which, to ray great amazement, were as stiff as buckram ; in fact, she used sugar and water for the purpose. I remember I received a severe rebuke for my unbecoming behaviour, and beyond the regulation cold 6&lutc; morning and evening I never kissed her again. After many injunctions not to burn the house down, injunctions which were super fluous, seeing that Bhe hod taken the pre caution to rake the fire half out, and to turn off the second gas-jet, she called Joan, our elderly maid of all work, and they sallied fcrtli, locking the door behind them. It was always a "high time" for me when I was left at home alone, even although 1 usually had six verses of the hundred and nineteenth Psalm to learn during her ab sence. 1 now stood listening intently until I heard the gate shut behind them, then I went straight to the wood basket and threw two big logs on the fire. After that I lit all three gas-burners, a thing Joan had told me had only happened once before, when a meeting was held there. Then I looked around the prim little parlour for more means of making myself comfortable for the evening. Four straight-backed horsehair covered chains in a stiff row along one wall offended my eye. They were too suggestive of Aunty and her religion, so 1 gave each a vicious shove to put them out of line. Next I drew the least uncomfortable armchair nearer the lire than it had ever been before, picked up the Psalm-book, and threw myself into the chair with a sigh Of contentment, in the most comfort able, although not the most elegant, of atti tudes. After gazing into the fire intently for some minutes, I languidly opened the Psalm-hook and read the first line at the place marked— " llow shall a young man learn," &c.; Dear me! aunty must have been absent minded to-night to give me anything to learn with "young man " occurring in it! JJere I laid the book open.face downwards, on my knee, and my gaze wandered back to the glowing wood in the fireplace. Up to this time the other sex was an unknown quantity to me, for I did not know one intimately except those in the second rate novels 1 managed to read. They seemed to l>e given to dropping on their knees in conservatories, and swearing that they loved some beautiful girl to distrac tion. All that seemed to me so silly that my standard by which 1 measured the Bex was very low. Mentally I towered above them in calm, scornful superiority. One old mun I did know a little, and that was brother Hutcliins, the local preacher, who used to visit Aunty almost every Monday evening. When she saw him coming up the walk she always felt if her cap was straight and her curls in order. A round spot of pink appeared on each of her chcek- liones us she nervously smoothed her apron and seated herself bolt upright on the extreme edge of her chair. brother Hutcliins always entered the room bent forward, with Ins hat held out in his left hand, as if soliciting alms. His general greasiness of aspect repelled me. 11 is scraggy grey locks, profusely pomaded, his bright spectacles, his green-black shiny coat, and liis over-suave manners all suggested oil. He always addressed Aunty as " dear Sister Morrison," at which lur cheeks took on a deeper hue, and she looked as it she would not have minded being called dear Surah for short. 'J'hey invariably sat opposite each other on the straight chairs, talking of the ungodly doings of their neighbours in particular am) of die depravity of the world in general. The conversation was punctuated with deep sighs from brother Ilutchins, which were faithfully echoed by Aunty. When it seemed time to be affected to tears brother Hutcliins would draw forth a voluminous red cotton handkerchief, and taking off ids spectacles, slowly wiped theni bright again. These scenes had a sort ot fascination for me, and from the time he entered until the red cotton handkerchief appeared qt the climax I cottld not take my eyes off them. 1 used to fancy that the spectacles got oily too. At this point in ms- idle fancies n piece of log fell on the hearthstone, bringing u cas cade of 6parks with it. 1 lazily bent forward, picked a fresh log from the basket, and threw it on the fire. As I did so the I'salni-book slipped to the floor, and remained there unheeded. This incident changed the current of my thought In fact, 1 l>eguii to build my '*castle in Spain." I freely admit that this was not by any means my first attempt at castle-building. In those days I was rather an adept iu that kind of airy, fairy masonry, so that this one is chielly interesting because of its sad end. My castles, as a rule, were only tenanted by my mother—of whom I had u dim recol lection as a lieautiful face bending over my cot—and myself, with, of course, any amount of servants. The shabby little parlour vanished, and I was wandering hand in hand with my beau tiful mother through shady gardens fragrant with tare flowers, over Velvet lawns, past cool dripping fountains and snow-white statues standing iu niches of living green foliage. On we wanderedin a silence made eloquent by the knowledge each bad of the other's heart, until we reached a broad flight off steps leading to the terrace upon which Stood the massive turreted castle that was our home. - Now all was bathed in the soft rose U&ht; of the setting sun. i When we reached the terraoe we instipc spleiidouroftliifeelingof^au upon me, which mother geemed to " for she drejw me into,Jiejr arms, Imsht mycurUjfmlldese^ii^tehder^ calling' me endearing names musical voipe. j ? We iobh enteredthe house, do sudden chill or sundown. and motto broad stoircnaej We weht into room,offwhlchado6irledlhtoi no maid to help mother, for 1 lot thesoftdihted well, nbdf «£$ i intoibe library to read a little. \1 e each ha* a Itjokcase set ftpnrt for ^rvown fitvoaritt readiiifcT Wine wasfdll of hUtooes and novels glorified yellow-backs bound in yellow call andguld, with real manly men in than, not jointed dolls. Mother's favourite reading w.u poetry, and she looked a perfect poem herself seated in ft deep armchair liesMe the lite witii the softened light of a reading-lamp ialliiif upon ha. a , Lessons seemed easy and pleasant wnec she explained away difficulties, and all life was a song of joy,hot because we owned a fine house and many rare treasures, mother and I, but because we owned each other. One night I had a dreadful dream. 1 dreamt that I had lost her, and I wakened in such a state of horror that I could not rest until I had seen that she was all right; 1 slipped out of bed quietly, and opening the door between our rooms, la topped across a broad patch of moonlight that fell through the window on the carpet, with my hand on my heart to stiil its painful throbbing. 1 bent gently over her, and when 1 heard her soft, regular breathing 1 smiled to think bow foolish 1 had been. One day, when mother was telling me about her short married life, the thought of Aunty in her shabby little cottage came to me, and 1 felt that 1 had beeu selfish in my great happiness. Some time afterwards, Aunty, after a deal of unnecessary fuss, consented to come and take up her abode in the east wing of our liouse. I chose furniture for her sittingroom, as like her own as 1 could get, but of costly material. The carpet was velvet pile, and the ornaments very handsome. The furniture I arranged all round the walls in the way dear to the old- fashioned, and shortly after everything was in order tiie car riage drove up, and Aunty's turban and cock's feathers became visible. John,Thomas began, with an ill-concealed griir, todeposit Aunty's worldly all in the entrance-hail. This con sisted of two ancient hair-fcovered trunks, and quite a pile of liirnsy blue and white band boxes. , . She herself ascended with her arms full of all sorts and sizes of parcels, and after her came Joan, now promoted to the position of lady's maid, similarly laden. It required a considerable amount of diplomacy on our part to get her to dis card the turban and otiierold-world garments. At last she sacrificed all except the curls. On that point, however, she remained firm, and we had to give in. About n month after Annty was fairly established in the east wing, Brother Hutch ins slipped stealthily into the ball one afternoon, and asked if Miss Morrison was at home. On learning that she was, he followed die foot man, hat in hand, as usual, along the cor ridors to Aunty's sanctum. For a week Iiefore this Aunty had lieen very busy knitting a ptirple silk sock, about which, because ot the ecclesiastical colour, I had my own private suspicions.. it so happened that on this afternoon she was seated by tiie fire, in iter third best silk gown, covered with a large black apron, busy knitting the purple sock, when the door of her room was thrown open and Brother llutchins was atmoonced. Immediately great confusion of face fell upon her,.perhaps caused by the thoughts which she Imd been halt-unconsciously knitting into-the sock. .She blushed nml trembled like a grrl in iter teens, and Brother llutchins's little eyes took note of it, but he was in no hurry to commit himself. He liegnnsolemnly to warn her of the danger of putting her trust in riches, and with many sighs and hems, made some trite remarks on the lleetiiig nature of wealth and prosperity, llis cunning eyes wanderedround the room the while, making a rapid mental inventory of its contents and their probable value. Tiie result of this inventory must have been satisfactory, for before he left he and Sister Morrison had discovered that they j were "called" to combat the depravity of i the world together. So he was to he my i uncle! Uncle Jeremiah Jiutdiins 1 Ugh! A shudder rati through me at thejwre thought of it. On one point 1 soon ui&de;«pmy mind, ami that was, that, uncle or ikot uncle, I would itcrer kiss him ! The purple socks grew apace, and the ivedding-day drew near. It was to take place in our little private chapel, and was, of course, to he very quiet. Joan was the only one who openly showed disapproval of her mistress's conduct. She went About the house louking very much aggrieved, ami was several times heard to mutter something about"old fools." On the eventful morning I helped to attire Aunty in a rich purple silk gown and bonnet to match. Shortly before .tile hobr of the ceremony Brother llutchins arrivted, re splendent in new shiny black, walking almost straight, with ail air of half-apologetic self importance, that must surely have emanated from the purple socks he wore. They were at the altar, and ;the clergyman had just put the importaut t]fuestlon—"Do you, Jeremiah Hutch ins, .take Bnrab Morrison to be your lawful wedded wife, to liav " Here 1 got a sharp bpk On . the ear from Aunty, who, unheard by me, liad comein, and was enraged beyond mcasDreat the waste of wood and gale., So hiy beautiful castle in Spain fell in ruiuk, very literally, about my ears t ." .■ . When 1 recall, how stiiftfc toember tingled then, 1 am still unregenerate enough to be conscious of a grim satisfaction that that wedding was never celebrated either in ima gination or in real lite. 'A ". \ V.r~ ,* 