A WtDDED WIDOW ; OK, / Till lllt'ti HIT IIHII PART II. CHAPTER I. MADEMOISELLE VIOLETTA. " Nothing. I have looked through every article of furniture, but without success. 1 can find it nowhere. My belief is that, if in his possession at all, wnat we wain, is cuuceaiea in nis private apartment, and he always cairies the keys about him. If he would leave for a a few days we would soon know the truth. Glandore Court must not be lost like this and my Lord shall never make Made moiselle Violetta his bride while I have strength to avert it." Francois caught his arm swiftly. " No harm must be done her, Ascanio hesaid.ina serious voice. "Let him sutler and fall, but not a hand shall bt raised against her. She has no part in this scheme, and I believe her as good as she is beautiful. I mean so save her if I can. Glandore shall not drag her spot less life into the infamy of his. Low and vile, and bloodstained as he is, I love him yet— I cannot cease to love him till the last ; but I will save her — warn her of the ruin she courts." " Paolina ! My Goi ! you will not speak ?" Fillippo's face was ashen grey when he spoke ; but the valet looked away with a bitter laugh. " Speak !" he said, hoarsely. " God pity me ! how can I ? Hark the music is striking up again ; the dance is about to begin once more. Adieu, Ascanio. Do not fear for me. No one suspects — I am quite safe, and I mean to safe her if I can. Don't wait up for me don't be alarmed if you do not see me before morning. I have a task to preform and I dare not risk failure. Adieu, and be watchful !" And then, like a shadow of the night, he stepped down from the low platform, and flitted away .in the gloom... .. CHAPTER II. . IN THE RUINS OF THE JOINTURE HOUSE. Francois Delorme had not misculated the earl's purpose in leading Mademoiselle Violetta to view the picturesque old ruins but .the thought of such at thing was very far -in deed from mademoiselle herself, although she followed his Lordship most Willingly ; -for ishe: too, had, a,,. purpose in view, anddiad determined to request a few -gtijents'- private conversation with Lord Glandore before they parted that night, and 'she had Jbeen puzzling her brains how to broach the subject when the earl very opportunely begged her to accompany him to the ruins. My Lord Glandore's one object, how ever, was to lay his coronet at the feet of the woman he had devoutly, worshipped for two whole months ; mademoiselle's was to beg his aid in a matter very dear to her heaft— for she had lharned to respect him, ana she made this move after mature deliberation. Secretly elated over her willingness to accompany him, Lord Glandore led the way down the shadowy tamarisk walk, and thence to the grand old ruins mademoiselle, however, remained in thoughtful silence, and the earl, believing this that she thoroughly understood what was coming, took fresh hope at every step; Pausing in the courtyard, his lordship waved his hand towards the massive pile. "These are the ruins, mademoiselle," he said. " We Glandores think more of this mossgrown pile than of the homestead Itself. JJnfortunately for the romantic side of the question, though it is distress ingly devoid of ghosts and death- lamps, and is stupidly safe. No mysterious bandit, no terrible pirate, -arid no willy counterfeiter has ever made the place his lair, and a child might wander through it without feeling afraid of meeting anything even in the dead of night. Its chief beauty is the old reception room, where you can yet. trace, some of the frescoes on the walls. ' It is more secluded there- would you not like to enter, made moiselle ?,' " I should like to go there, my Lord," she said in a faultering voice ; and Glan dore »'t >ti <' !u- '-new why it faultcred. " li iv.i.ii. 1)0 1 ic , t;crhapv 1 » ;.:ct away from the possibility of an intrusion." Not knowing his lordships thoughts at hat msment, she did not understand how hose words sounded : "but my Lord jlaridore, (thrilled with a strong, new lope; now, drew the fluttering hand :hrough his arm, and led the way tinder ;he ruined arch ot the entrance. The winding passage was quite dark, ind mademossclle Violetta was obliged :o keep closa to his lordships side for several yards, and feel her way through e debris ; but at length they emerged into a large apartment, half of whose Faulted roof had fallen and allowed the the moonlight to stream in. An immense bay window occupied half the eastern wall, but posts and sash were gone now ; and through this ivy-wreathed aperture one could look out on the moonlit sea, where the great white crested billows thundered against the base ot the rocks and mademoiselle, startled out of her thoughtfulness by the grandeur of the scene, could not repress a little cry of delight. " How beautiful it is ! how wild — how picturesque!" she said warmly. "Ah my lord, I no longer wonder that the Glandores have ever been proud oP these ruins. It is a heritage a king might envy — an antiquarian worship. Happy he whose life abounds in pleasant places." My Lord Glandore bent his head till she felt his warm breath upon her cheek. " Pleasant places may become deserts to us if we are forced to unhabit them alone, mademoiselle," he said. " Even Heaven could offer us little were it offered one only. I am not insensible to the beauties of Glandore Court — I love it ; I am proud of it ; but I cannot bear my pride alone I" Mademoiselle was silent ; she was look ing at the moonlit sea, and shs scarcely heard him. Glondore mistook her silence, and his handsome, dark ayes glowed. " Even Paradise would have been in supportable to Adam alone, and the Lord knew it, mademoiselle," he went on warmly. " Glandore is like your ring there, were you to knock out the eentral jewel. It would be still beautiful, but with somethingjwanting to complete that beauty — something to make perfect the circlet, unfinished for all its loveliness — something to fill the void and lend brilliancy to all around it. It is so with Glandore Court, mademoiselle — so with me\" For the first time a suspicion of what he meant crossed Violetta's mind, and with a low cry she sank away from him leaning against the shattered casement, and, pale, and hushed, and trembling, staring at the moonlit sea. Lord Glandore started, and his lips grew livid. " You shrink from me, mademoiselle," he said, hoarsely ; " you leave me to my lonely grandeur, while I — I Oh, Violetta, my love, my life, my queen ! do you not understand me ? Can you not see ? Is it without you that Glandore is an empcy sepulchre ! it is without you that paradise is darkness ! Violetta, my queen, my darling, I love you !" And then, before she could stay him, he was at her feet, pouring ont a perfect torrent of passionate, burning words. " My earldom — my cororei — my life I lay at your feet, Violetta!" he cried, catching her fluttering hand and pressing it to his lips.- " Oh, my darling, my darling, will you not answer ne ?" Violetta drew her hand from his, and turned her wet eyes towards the starlit night. " I — I never dreamed of this my lord,", she said, in hollow voici. " I have always honoured you, respected you, esteemed you — oh, why could you not have been content to be my friend ? Why must I ever lost those whose honest friendship I have sought ? I — I will be frank with you, my lord, though it costs me much pain. I have lootced upon you as my greatest friend ; I have trusted you enough to feel perfectly safe in asking -your advice upon a| matter of the past but I do not dove you 1 Oh, my lord, believe me, if l could love you I would,' but I cannot— Gods knows I cannot — my heart is dead within me 1" " Bound to a heart so full of love as mine it would live again," he uttered, ardently; but mademoiselle shook her head. " Do not deceive yourself, Lord Glan dore," she said, in a . faultering voice. I can never give you such love as you deserve. I feel deeply, believe me, the honour you do me but — but I — I — never mean to marry ! I cannot dream of love until my task in this world is completed." " Your task, mademoiselle ?" he said ; and she knew that he suffered, for there -was pain in his voice. " Yes, my bitter task ! " she answered, in a choking voice ; " and when that is over, when I have done what I have sworn to do, it may be that love shall wak« from the dead ashes, and I can feel myself worthy of becoming some honourable man's wife. As I am to-night, I feel I have no right to wed, for love has gone out of me for ever. It is a friend I need more than a lover, Lord Glandore, and — and I meant to ask you to be that friend before we parted this. night. Oh, forgive me if I have wounded you, but I am so lonely, so friendless, for all I am so hon oured, and — and I want some one to con fide in,' some one to advise me, for my task is bitter and hard for a friendless, weak, and unskilled woman ; and — and, my lord, will you be that friend ? Will you see me through that task? And when it is ended say to me what you have said to-night, arid I will risk God to put in my heart such love as you deserve !" Her voice shivered and broke ; a mist of tears dimmed her beautiful eyes, and her hands fluttered at her throat. In the silver sheen of the moonlight, Lord Glandore rose up and faced her. " 1 will be your iriead to the last, made- moiselle," he said, clearly '; "I will fight for you ; I will bear you crosses, and, if need be, I will die for you ! There is my hand. Command me from this night forth ! " Her hand fluttered softly into his, and gratitude looked at him out of those glorious eyes. ' I knew I could trust you — I felt I could !" she uttered hoarsely. " But it is a bitter story, my lord — a story whose origin is among the poor and lowly, a class you never knew. 1 have wanted so hard to speak to some one, but how could I, when I knew not whom to trust ? Now I have your word, and I am con tent." " You have my solemn vow to aid you," he said, let the task be what it may !" And looking into his face, she said, solemnly : " My task in life is to right the wrongs of an injured woman — to clear her name and bring a murderer to justice, Lord Glandore. It is a story of bitter suffering and I have the proofs upon my persons now. Listen !" Though the arch of the leaves a soft, sweat, dreamy melodyTfloated to them on the wings of the night wind. Thedanc had begun again, the reveby was goin on, and with laughter, and music, and moonlight about him, my Lord Glandore listened to the words that shattered all his hopes — listened to the words that struck horrow to his heart. CHAPTER III. MADEMOISELLE'S STORY. " I shall not ask you to follow me very far back into the past, my lord," Made moiselle Violetta said after a brief pause; for what I have to tell yoJ happened but little more than a year ago, in America, where a poor girl laboured for six long years in her cousin's family awaiting the return of her father, whom she had not seen since the days of her early childhood. Her parents had been separated since then, my lord, and a dying mother (left her to that cousin's charge, writing to her husband, from her death-bed, that when he should- care to acknowledge his daughter, he should know where to find her. Madolin — that was the poor girls name, my lord — never knew the secret of her fathers separation from her mother, and so she waited for that father's coming until her young heart grew sick. During this period of watching, another man came upon the scene, and, to be brief, his noble soul went out to hers, and she learned to love him as dearly as he grew to love her. But the course of true love is proverbially stormy you know, and clouds came over the one bright gleam of sunlight Madolin Karslake ever new. The cousin whom she served — the hard mistress, the unfor giving belle, who had this young life in her grasp, and was slowly grinding it out — had seen this gentleman, and, like her poor cousin, Charlotte Dimisdale learned to love Arthur Negwyn too, and But, my lord ! my lord ! What has happened ? Are you ill ?" For Lord Glandore had uttered a smothered cry at the mention of those names, and now leaned against the ruins, with livid lips and staring eyes. " Oh, my lord ! are you ill ?" Made moiselle Violetta cried again ; but he seemed to recover himself, and made a wretched effort to smile. " I — it — it is nothing — nothing !" he said in a choking voice. " Only a slight pain at my heart. I am quite subject to it. I — I am better now, mademoiselle. Pray continue your narrative ; Iain deeply interested in this poor girl's fate. Well these two' women loved this one man, and the issue was — what ?" "The issue was misery to Madolin, my lord," mademoiselle went on ; " for, jealous of her rival, Miss Dimisdale cast her friendless penniless cousin but upon the world, that she might no longer be an obstacle in her path. She had no where to go, no friend to cum to, and then it was Mr. Negwyn showed his nobility by offering to make her his wife. Hie could not be, her friend, for the world would not listen to that, and so. she pro mised to marry him. " That night her father returned' to claim her and for the first time learned the secret of her life, the reason of his seperation from her mcther. It vas the old story of a happy home made desolpte by a former lover and her father had come back to make her join him in the task of ruining that lover and all of his race. My lord, you can guess the sequel — the child of that lover was the man she had promised to marry ! " Life seemed ' to lose all brightness when she learned that, and late that very night she flew to her lover, and begged him to depart, He would not go — he would not leave her unless she became his wife, and to save him from her father'sivengeance, she married him. He had promised to leave her directly the ceremony was over, and he would have kept his word but for an unfortunate occurrance, which forced her to fly with him and escape her fathers wrath. Miss Dimisdale had witnessed that union, and Madolin knew that she would lose no time in spreading the dreadful news. There was no alternative, and that night she fled. Her husband was of this land, and he proposed taking her to his home. A few weeks later they set sail for England, but in a storm at sea the young husband was washed overboard and drowned. In an almost dying condition Madolin reached London, and was eared for by a young actress whose love she had won on shipboard, who watched by her untii her duty called her to the Con tinent, and who nursed her back form the very shadow of death." To be continued.) 