PROMOTION AND DEGRADATION OF A SPIRIT. Three recent issues of the Pekin Gazette contain the records of a very curious trans- action in which the Emperor took part. It has reference to Ma Ju-Lung, formerly Commander-in-Chief in Yunnan, who recently died at his native place in that province. A memorial was presented to the Emperor from certain prominent persons in the province setting out the great deeds which he performed, and praying for suitable posthumous honours to be bestowed upon him. He played a very prominent and equi- vocal part in the great Mahomedan or Pantbay rebellion in Yunnan about twenty years ago. He was at the outset one of the most dreaded of the rebel leaders, and then treacherously went over to the Imperialists. The memorialists said he did much to con- ciliate the Chinese and Mahomedan population, and as to his services in the rebellion, first and last, he was instrumental in killing over 10,000 of the enemy, and in his own person practically decided the fate of Yunnan." The Emperor, in reply to this memorial, issued a decree ordering the highest honors accorded to one of his rank to be given to him, including ? the erection of a temple in the capital of Yunnan, while the Imperial historiographer is to compile the record of his exploits. But no sooner had this decree appeared than a number of Yunnanese serving in Pekin preferred another memorial denouncing the new sainted general in round terms. He is described as having been in his youth a loafing good-for-nothing fellow, whom nobody in his village could abide. When the rebellion broke out he was first an Imperialist, and sold himself to the rebels. in the service of the latter he proved himself a monster of cruelty, and one' case is mentioned in detail in which he caused the massacre of 40,000 persons in a captured city. He overran Yunnan, and even besieged the provincial capital, when the half-pressed Viceroy made terms with him and took him into the Imperial service as a general. He was arrogant beyond belief at this time ; " he rode in a yellow chair, and in all things did as he pleased." Even after this the memorialists accused him of treachery and of exposing the capital to a rebel attack in revenge for being compelled to ride in a green chair. He was like a cat with two holes ; he was always ready to run over to the winning side, and when he was wounded he retired from the field and left others to carry on the war. His subsequent services do not in the least atone for his atrocious crimes. Besides, those who recommended him for posthumous honours are nothing but a lot of small traders, li the honours bestowed on him are not withdrawn the memorialists fear that the tens of thousands of innocent souls whom he sent to Hades would be unable to close their eyes for indignation. They therefore ask for a revocation of the decree giving honour to the spirit of the deceased May After a little delay the Emperor issued another decree. The Emperor says the bestowal of such a high distinction as the erection of a memorial temple should only be granted where the popular feeling is unanimous in its favour, and as praise and blame seem to be equally apportioned in the present instance it is ordered that the previous decree so far as it relates to the temple shall be cancelled. Ma's ghost * therefore loses the only one of the honours which it may be presumed to have valued, inasmuch as the record of Ma's doings in the flesh, which is still to be compiled, can scarcely be of much concern to his ghost to which, however, the votive offerings and the like at the temple would doubtless have been acceptable. 