THE BETRAYAL OE HE. IEOHSIEE. CHAPTER T. £ THE MSCOVEUY. - , " - I stood on tlie white, silent road some minutes, waiting "Tor my frieVdi. At length I grew tired of waiting, and determined to explore the place without him. . a = To my snrprise; wh.en I - applied! the ' key wli'iclf-tlie house agent lnid given- . me to the door in the -w all, ' it tijrned' fruitlessly in the.- lock :fthe; .doof5 was1 ' already open. I -passed through, and' found that the bolt had been" drawu back and secured by-' a catch. The. last person who had visited i lie premises had simply pulled the door to behind hi. 11, and the bolt being fastened back, the, door had remained open. Y " On my right was a flagged passage leading to a side door in the house. Before me was the old house itself, one of those ancient dwellings of which very . few are now to be found within twenty miles of London. The deep inullioned. windows, high gables, many-shaped cliiinneys, and, above all, the wild. over growth of creepers, buslies, and slirubs surrounding it, supplied countless charming bits for the pencil or the brush. - "How pleased Marvell will be; with this," I said to myself, as I ascended the steps at the front entrances and" opened the main door. . . _ : It was merely idle curiosity that led me to explore the house, for we did not mean to take it, merely to use it for sketching purposes. The rooms seemed in no way remarkable, and I passed rapidly from one to another. At the,- farther end of the hall was a baize- covered door, which I supposed led to. the surgery, for I knew the house had been last inhabited by a medical man Dr Blacklock I opened the door,, which led to a dimly lighted passage. On. my right was another door, which-! also opened ; I was now in the surgery. The light streamed full on my face from two large windows, and I saw something black lying on the floor. - "Hallo!" I cried aloud ; ".what 3' this — a woman 1" ' . It was the figure of a woman lying, all in a heap, as if she had stumbled off" the bench— a fixed bench which ran along one side of the room. I supposed; that she was tipsy, or had fallen down in a fit. : "What is the matter?' I asked,, trving to lift her. She was as heavy as lead. I looked at her face and uttered- a scream — a loud cry of terror. The.- face was almost black : she was dead 1 . A moment I stood trembling with -horror. Then I tried to lift the body ; on the bench, but I could :-.ot. The woman seemed to be between forty and fifty years of age. She was plainly but respectably dressed. Over one arm hung a worn black-leatlier bag or' reti-- cule ; in her right hand she held a nose gay of withered roses. An awful ex pression of pain, anger, and defiance was on the dead woman's, face. A strong shnddcr ran through me as I looked at it, and I felt as though I must get into the open air, or I should, faint. Looking around, 1 saw tliat it was not necessary -for me to go back the. way I had come. There . was a second door, which led apparently to the flagged passage which I had noticed. I opened the door, which was secured with .a patent- lock, and stopped out, clpsing the door behind me. j. : Slowly I walked away from the spot \- round to the front of the house, where the sun was shining. Bofore 'long I heard a rapid step: coming to me: :It was Marvell. . j„ " What a charming old place !j he called out. " But what's the matter, \- Munro ? Ton. look as if you'd seen a ghost. You're as white as a" shecti" ' in a few words I told him what I had discovered in the empty house ; and . Marvell would hardly believe me till he had seen the dead woman; with his own " Why, how did she come here V" he exclaimed. T :r " That's the mystery— one of them, J should say.. How did . she die;? I don't see any sign of a wound. There's no blood on the floor.' \ j , _ . a drop. But didn't yon open the door with the key the agent jgave . vou ? " ' - . : "Tcs, it was locked ; but 1 found \- the door in the garden wall open. If ever mind. It is. for the police to find out who she is, and how she came \- -by her death. We must go and tell " them at once." Between us we managed to lift the poor creature's body up on the bench, " and then we went straight to the police office. Of course the "affair made a great sensation in the little town of Hanbury, and as the house where the body had been found was only about a mile from \- the town, a carious crowd haunted the -place for the rest of the week. Next day it was stated that a woman was " missing from a house in Dalton, and the London police sent down to Hanbury two persons who knew the missing woman. They identified the body at once. The deceased woman, they, said, was named Pudscy. She wa a widow, ' and she bad rented a fair-sized house in Kensington, the greater part of which she had let out ill lodgings. Her only known relation was a daughter, who. it seemed, had -gone -to a situation as a \- " '' milliner in "Newcastle-on-Tync some months before, and bad not bten home since. Of course I attended the inquest, and gave evidence as to the finding of the body. It did not seem quite clear how \- 1- the house had been entered. The hedge ; surrounding the garden had evidently \- beeu broken through at one plnce This would be easy for any one who knew the premises, and it would be equally -easy for any one inside the inclosure to open the garden door. But there were no signs of the house itself having been ' broken into. AH this was mentioned s - by the police officer who had charge of 1 . the proceedings. specialist bad been sent for to inquire into the cause of death and this \ gentleman said that the state of the Y' .blood showed clearly that death was due 10 some powerful poison, such as those 1 .with which certain savages tip their arrows. The poison had been intro duced into. the system through a small puncture on the wrist of the right hand, where a bluish. mark remained to mark the spot; Heatli had occurred at least twenty-four hours . before the body had been found. . It was tolerably plain, that.somo cine had- enticed tliisvpopr woiuin - to the lonely, empty house, and., had there murdered -her in this strange; fashion, and decamped, without leaving- a. single trace of his: presence- Y And accordingly the jliry brought in a verdict of "AYilful . murder against.- some. persoii -or:' person 3 unknown." Y 4. It was -necessary that the -funeral should tfike place at once, and the - ar rangements were complete! before the police had .succeeded in discovering the address of Mrs- Pudsey's dsnghtcr. The poor woman, was , buried in Hanbury- churchyard-, and none hut-strangers like myself followed her to. the grave.;, CHAPTER; H- A ..CLUE .IS FJUXD Tifb" cxeitemcnt. cause!-- by the dis covery of this crime had cnc good result. It roused my. poor friend, Hugh Marvell,, . from the depression undir which lie had been > labouring for sopo weeks. He and, I were fast -friends — true brothers of the brush ; and I bid long known that: he was cherishing a hopeless - pas sion:' for a. girl whom hi had. met at; a ball: " X-Miss .Florence Si .Heiier was. the daughter of a famous- piiysiciair. who, had been made a baronet, ind she was far beyond the reach of a nameless and penniless artist. One day the poor fellow came to my studio. almost distracted'- I He had heard that Florence St Holer -was at length -.definitely engaged toiono. of. her. fathers, acquaintances, a young doctor whose : fortune. lay in his. brims,.- named Ironr side. The news turned out to be trite ; and Marvell fell into a state of such-deep melancholy that I Lccame alarmed for His sanity. ; " i-i'.Ih order-: tb-proviie him- witiucliarige of scene at a moderate outlay, ! had proposed that we slioulfP visit all -the old- houses wc could find near London, and make sketches of them.' Itrwas in this way wc had gone to see Hanbury Grange, as tne empty .house- was, called— Marvell was greatly interested in the mysterious - crime which had; been cpm- mittcd there j but as all cliar.cc of dis covering tbc murderer faded: away, be relapsed" into his old melancholy. Wp bad not yet left Hanbury, when one evening, as. we sauntered together down the lane that led to the church yard, -we met a young, woman with a baby iri her arms. ihe had' a face that was still beantifnl in its sweetness ; and I could well imagine that as a maiden, she must have been lovely, blic was dressed in very ordinary attiie, yet with out any of the marks of poverty. As we approached, she stood still, evidently meaning to speak to us., " Can you tell me, sir, where Mrs Pudsey's grave is 7" she said to Marvell; " I've been trying to find it, but 1. can't." Y'Y"- \ It. is not ; easy to tell you ; but if you cotne- with me, I will -show you the spot," answered my friend. The girl thanked him and, walked on by his side, while I dropped behind. , " May I ask your . name ?"' said Mar- veil. - . ; ' Y The stranger blushed and hesitated. " Are you Mrs Pudsey's- daughter ? ' he asked; without farther preface. < " Yes; sir,T am;" answered the girl. " It was only, yesterday that I found ont wliaVhad happened. Bat, oh, sir," - she burst out,.. -'-' you 'don t think my poor mother was. murdered, do you?' " I'm afraid it is too "true, said Marvell, gravely. " and I think that ybii ' could help ' us- to discover the criminal." 1 " I sir ?" exclaimed the woman, in evident surprise ; "that 1 in sure I .couldn't. It's eight months sinceT left home; and I— I. can't imagine who can have. hurt iny mother; if anybody hurt her.'" ; -. ... Something in the girl's tone struck me as peculiar - It almost seemed as if she were defending, herself;- as if slm wore protesting too- loudly: her inability to avenge her mother's blood. Tho same thought had. occurred-' to Marvell. for .lie glanced sharply, at the 'girl as he said. — "Yon can at least give me; the name of some one wboiwas not on. good terms .with yonr mother, or some one . who had something.to gain by her-death; : . " No, sir. She - hadn't an enemy in the world that I know of, and she had, no. money, to leave." . .. . , f. But it must have been some one s- interest to get her out of the way." So it would seem, sir. Yon said you would show mc the grave." (By this., time jwe had reached the ..burying; ground). . " Just one other question first. Hid, you ever hear your mother speak of Han-; bury?" ; "No — never." "Not of having been here, or of fri nds she had here?" ! " Never." The girl's voice had ah honest ring, but her eyes fell beneath my friend's searching look. This, however, miglit- be due to her modesty arid her grief. Hvidently it was impossible to question her further. Marvell pointed out to her the spot she was seeking, and, taking my arm, walked slowly away. . " Monro," he said, ginvely, "if I am not very much mistaken, that girl knows or suspects mere than she will allow." " What 1 You do not suspect that child, for she is hardly more — " " To be a murderess ? No. And yet her answers seemed to be wanting in frankness. I glanced back. The poor girl had laid her baby 011 the tnrf, and had fallen on her knees at the foot of the grave. We conld sec that, she was weeping bitterly. " Coaie away," I said, impatiently ; " wc cannot intrude on the poor thin s grief. After aH, it is no business of ours to unearth Mrs Pudsey's mur derer." liar veil made no reply, and we set out on our way home. Wc were still a mile or two from our lodgings, when it began to rain ; and so licavy was the downpour that, before the distance was accomplished, we were wet through Having reached our temporary home arid changed-our wet. clothes, we. sat down to supper. After supper wc filled our pipes' ; and;' as I was searching in my pocket for- niy box of vestas, I found and prilled oat a; latchkey— 0116 which T was sure :lid not belong jto' iue— a latchkey on a steel ring, with a small key of peculiar shape also hanging ouflhe ring. , " Hoiy'dq l cbriie to have your latch-, key. in my pooket?" T asked, tossing :tlie thing over to -Marv.ell. " .My latchkey,? ' .Thi3 isn't ritine.'" - " Isn'tUit-? Then -it must belong' to our tlandjad -Y ® rang" Jli.b;':'6elj ,iand asked tlie questionT." sNb f 'ourlanilludy' assured us that the ke)' did-not belong to her, "-'nor- 'to "any member of' her family., f q- - i It is; very odd," I remarked. ; . . . " Yery7'-;said Marvell, >vith a strange look on his'-Jace.: Do you ltuow iyhat key this k'2." -- :. , v-j.-, Y. ; > -"No. ; Ho yqu 7" 'V A.f i, . . " It .is/tlie key of the empty house'!":;-. " Impossible ! " . - "It is so.. These are the clothes, T renietnber. yon had on; the day yon dis covered the 'murder."" Have yon worn them since? I think not."- " Wait !" I cried. " I have it! When I first discovered the hody, I felt as if I were going to faint, and went out of doors by the nearest way, through - the door that opens from the surgery into tlie. garden. I was quite giddy, at the time ; aud I have .no doubt that. I closed the door behind me, and finding a latch-' .key in the door, I slipped it' .into my- 'pocket mechanically,' literally' without thinking what I was doing. -The iiiur- dercr, iri, the exc- teme t of that awful moment, harried, away- froin the' scene of his criinc, forgetting, that ho had not re moved the key from tlie door. It seems tb< me, Marvell, that whoever) puts his hand on the- owner of tliis key;; qmts his. 'hand on Mrs Pudsey's murderer." CHAPTER III. the i'oisox locket; : Of corirse I handed- the' latchkey, or' rather the two keys, which I had found, to the-'pblice on the f ilowing morning ; and two days afterwards Marvell and I returned to London. Further reflection had made mc agree .with- my friend in- thinking that the girl we had met in the churchyard lane— .Mrs Pudsey's daughter— rcoiild- furnish 'the police .with valuable information ; and j thought' it bettor to write to tlie authorities at Scotland Yard, and tell them of orir meeting with the girl.;, asking at 'the same time whether they had succeeded in finding her address. The answer wa- that all efforts -to trace iss Pu-.l'sey in Newcastle had failed.;, and that, (is months had elapsed since she left home,. it was not thought likely that she had had anything to do with the crime:. or that she would . ha, able to throw any light upon it. ' Some weeks, passed. Marvell grad ually relapsed into the melancholy From whichdie had formerly been sutferihg ; and it was chiefly with a view to rouse his interest, and; draw, him-, out tf him self, that I proposed to liinV' one day we should run down to Hanbnry, and a-certain whether the police had made any prbgressi in their investigations con cerning the key. As 1 expected, the superintendent of police, when T put my- question, shook his head with a smile of superior wis dom. ' . ' What can you make of a key,.?" he said ; "any one may have a key;" . " But very few " persons, I should think, could" have had this particular key," I suggested. . - ' ; L " Well,. liow— there's tbc house agent. a most respectable man, married ; - family all grown .up and doing well. He .can't have had that key of yours. Then there's the 7 owner,- an -old gentleman living in Italy, who never saw the '-place in his life." Then, there's the last tenant; Dr Blacklock. ' lie lived in the, house twenty-eight years, fie is retired;no:wj.; stays at Lewisham, quite by; himself.; If you suspect liiin, well, all I can say is. yoii'lBiiever get anybody iri Hanbury . to believe yon. lie ivas liked;- and rcs- pected-byieverybody." : ' : " Did he sellihislpractice ?" I askedY' " Yes, .sir ; , and the gentleman who bought it, ; Mr Meybrick, took a new house close to - the town; as his bride'; though t tlie-GraQge was gloomy. But he could -never have bid- anything, to-do with, tlie keys of a bonse he never lived in." ' i ' -"And. lie contri naraiy- riaye-purioineu-: a key before Dr Blaeklocfe left, on pur pose to commit a- murder some two years afterwards, "qmt in Marvell. Y ?7|. ; S ; ' L got ppSsessibri of. the keys, ''promis ing to-hand tlicm back-1 to .the -'police if tliey should ri'quirthem ; and Marvell and :I walked,, back;,to.,the-"statiOri7; Y" . . 7" This 'is' ari; interesting cash," ' said my ; companionf ' - Suppose; we; ; try" to solve 'it.?": . ; 7v; ' t " I'm- Tquitc .willing,'.' I answered.;; -'" but I liardly' sec what-we can dor '.The police arc at 'fault." ; 77'-'-;Y ' 7 « They seem to have' taken no' tronble about the -matter," said Marvell. 77" I mean tp go and see Dr Blacklock:'- It spems to mc all but certain that tlie key- hclongei to him, and that it must have 1 i._ 1 . f hcen carria away uy mm. m uy uuyui his servants, perhaps, when he loft Han bnry." We returned to London, ran down .to Lewisham, and called on Dr Blacklock.- He was7a. pleasant, intelligent, whitc- liaired man, well over seventy. To our surprise tlie doctor declared that he bad. never before seen the—latchkey I had taken from the door of the rspgerr.at Hanbnry Grange. " The keys'helonging to the door were longer," he said, than the one"! showed him. " And you will admit, gentlemen," he added, " that after carrying a la.chkev for some thirty years, one must have a tolerably accurate idea of what it is like. But if you want corroborative evidence I can furnish you with it. Here is a gentleman coming up the avenue who was rov assistant- for two years. -If his recollec ion coincides with mine, you will ayrec that I am right-." We had hardly time to make a suit able reply, when a tall man with sallow complexion, piercing dark eyes, and a fall black beard entered the room. Dr Blacklock introduced us in sncli a slip-shod way that I did not catch the stranger's name, and handed him the latchkey, which had not been removed from its ring. ' The new comer darted, a keen look at Dr -Blacklock, at mc, and at my - friend," and then - bent over the keys, as if to'examine tlicm very care fully. I happened. to glance at, .Marvell. He had; turned deadly, palp, r - - v ... " No, I don't recognise"; tlie: keys; at all," said Dr .Blficklock's late /assjstant; in a'.distirict, measured tone. ! - " You won't guess' what house ;they; say -that latchkey v belongs . to ? -..;Tlie, house we lived iri at' 'IHanliury, .thciqrie iri , which the dead, body; was; found 1" cried tbc old doctor., r. ..-.v j 7-1" '' ,:Tlie gcritlomam sbojjkiis.liipad:' j - ' "Yo.u used jtojJiavea ;la|cHlcey Ipr'.lhe rinrgeryr.door.' bht ..it ;was:3ongeri tliau this, wasn't it ?"; . .;. " ; " Yes," answered the gentleman whose name- 1 had not caught. " I feel sure the surgery latchkey, ivas longer." 7 . We remained aftcr -.this-for'- n few, ,miiiutes, /duriog which 7iIai;vell,.T saw, .was impatient to-get away. Y ; : v-'-; .. At length wo took, out1 leave. '',-; 7 \- - .c-j can't; liear to: sit in, the sairie,- room with, that rQan,",' said Marvell, .clutching my;arm:, 7 Y. .;:Y 7 Y;. i " Why ? Who is lie ?" ' : "'Didn't you hoar7 his .riaine.j 'He is Dr Ironside,7'tlie7 man ;who is, to marry—" , q , I understood, and- 'gave liriy friend's arm a sy lupathetic squeeze'by way of reply. ' ' 'i. % - "AY-hat 7, are. you': going. to7'do, now ?" lie enquired. yY7j:; | ; i 7- ; Throw this key- into the "Thames;": said I. ' As I spoke. I felt for ;it'i'n riiy pocket, and could not find iti.Y.; 7; ; , " Have you got it V I askedv plung- ingmy hand. into my other pocket ' " Got what ?" asked Maiveli. f The key? Not I ! I never touched it." ' " I must have left it on the table," I said, " or dropped it on"the floor, or Dr Blacklock may have it, or- Dr Ironside," and I began to walk rapidly back to the. liouse, anxious to regain possession of the little bitof. uictal which 1. had just said I would;. fling into the Thames. ' "I needn't go back with you," said Marvel! to me, " but watch that man Ironside sharply, and sec if he drops the key and pretends to find it for you." . I started and hurried- on1 faster than before. What could Marvell 5 mean . by that? I wondered. That I. if Ironside- might have quietly picked iip the key from the table, under coyer of'our leave- taking ? — that lie had - an interest, in getting possession of it, aud riot, daring- to retain it, would return it secretlyby pretending to find.it? . .. Then Marvell suspected Dr Iroriside of being M rs Pudsey's uiurtlercr. I But then, I roHected, the doctorV was my Friend's successful rival.:, liesides, the idea was-absurd. What intereskcould'a well-to-do, fashionable doetorhave in the death of a plain, middle-aged woman; like Mrs Pudsey 7 I determined, ;bow- ever, that T would watch Dr 7 Ironside closely; arid if; I saw reason "to think that he had tried secretly t.o gain pos session of the key, 1 would mention the circumstance to the police, j After; all, lie was one of the very few persons who might conceivably haye committed the "crime, .one of tlie very, few who niight have retained possession of a key for the surgery door. ' '( The two doctors were, still together when I je-entered the house. 1 ex plained my loss ; and, 'as I kept a corner of my eye on Dr Ironside while I'liiirited about, I distinctly saw liiriYjslip tlie key down on the floor behind.a; hassock, and then pick it up. . . - " , That night I went to. Seot'and Yard, and comninnicatcd-iriy. snspicjons .to the Chief Commissioner of Pohce. 77 " About a. week afterwards FreceiyeJ a note from the detective ih;clikrs»e of ;the case, a man named Tobin, asking ine to go with liim "to Dr Ironside's liouse next ' day, and - identify, the key I- liad7 found, upon which I had niade a prTvate maVk. I. did not .relish- the job,-- :;nd.7yct ;I: was curious, indeed -anxious,-' to know -what had been discovered. " 7' 7 7" Ail 777A;;few yards frbtn feYhonsritlie fie- tectiyri iiiet|m«L!lTiyp7;consLtibleriere' loitering along not far.behind him. 7 ;,7 Jt waVitcdyori td7see!what thesqkbys will: open, .30 ';that;yoa' iCynlilyea1"! to' it," lie said. . ' , ., : \- A-Ai-few steps' brought- us tri'pf'Tron- sido'e-house.' >.Tlle detectivepullcd put a : latchkey, -.-ipsef ted it .in / the patent lock", -and coolly, openod tlie;.d6,pr half an inch;- closing it immediately.' 7? I : ;' " Do you recognise ;th'e jkey ?" ihe- wliisriercd to nie,-'hold it npSto me with: his left hand, as he rang; the bell. i Alt is -the same,',' said I. '' -. - In less than a minute -we were sliowo into the doctorri. consulting room;.,, He looked up as we? entered. , My-cqmpanion walked .rip to-himsj' i .''!M.'ay.;tq«k;'jf-lliese are yourifkeysi?.'' lieiinquired,; gravely. " !-77 ' ' . a shade; paler as ihe gian'c',..rit';'.and,: ansrijsred;, ha,fp)y;- » 1" liave.:-'al r'eady':.told this ' person i.'iliaf they arc nob.- .. , . J. o'iOrid; .for ;orie ioff-them opens iyqur front door. The- oflicr opens the desk of ynrirlwritihg t'able.<".-. ' ; ; j . : -The wretched man tried; to speak: ; He could riot. . 77 i The officer coolly insei tedthc : small key in-;' the lock- of the desk, and; turned it round.' ; i;-' ; ' 'v'That is . nblhing," /stanimered out Dr'Tro'riside. " Keys often open locks w_hich'Ylhey were never intended to. bpc"n."_ . . . .. y ... - '--tHe- drew ont one of the drawers; of the table "as he spoke, arid putin his hand; . The detective appeared not : to notice him. Quietly the doctor .with-.- drew liis hand from the drawpjj j What- have you cot tlrcre, sir;?" cried the dbt'cctivb, seizing his hand. 7 : " Stop, wrctcli 1 You have killed me 1" The officer relaxed hi3 grasp.- The doctor opened his fingers, aiul a tiny thing like a locket, made of steel, Tell 011 the carpet. ; - 'What is this?" asked- the- detec- tive, picking it tip. " -liow it tp mc— on the palm of yourhand," said the -doctor The man .did' s.o,. and ihe doctor made a furious dash at his hand, trying, as 't, seemed to'mc, to. squeeze his '.'.captor's hand over the locket-. The police officer, however easily threw oil the doctor's grasp, anddropped the mysterious locket on the ground. " You are my prisoner," spid the .de tective, calmly. "It doesn't matter," said the other, with equal calmness. " I shall 'be a dead man in less than twenty-four hours. ..Without intending it, you have .rendered tne a service." . , .. Every. < flort . wqs made .to save the ; guilty; nian-ls ilifc, but; inv vain.: The steel locket was filled with1 a virulent poison r-as:'dea(ily"a3; tlicipbisbn of tue rattlesnake. It.l.'was! furnished on ".one ;side...with tiny 7rieedle-like> po.irits, which pierced the skin without, inflictiug'aiiv p'aiu'-' worth nnticin,' and ; wliich, being - hoi low, -'admitted the ppison.'-into "tlie veins, of the; person .whose, skin had; b'een. pierced. 7\; 7. ' - ,7 77 '- Y Tfinvas e'ear tlmtfDr Iriqnsjdeniadfprr gofcten to give up ins latchkey .'when lie left . Hanbury .Grange, and lie. bad ac- .cidpritly .discovered that it: would; open'- the.door of his own house. Hp had ac cordingly used his own latchkey to gain admittance to tlie surgery ; and having cntippd his victim to enter the place, he ,had; pllcred -her. some roses, shaking Jiands with herlat the same time, arid in so ; doing -had ' pressed the 'poisoned ;locket7:iipqn her wrist. Mrs. Pudscy, thinking . merely that tlie thorns of the roses, had- pricked her,.' had . not; been alarniedv Arid then; -we conjectured, I10, had remained .talking to heir until the : paralysis, indncod. by .the. poison, set in, arid prevented licr froin leaving the house.': Y 7 As for the motive of' the crime, a little inquiry, (now -.tliat. we' liiid.got: on the;; rig-lit. track) soon made. ;that only too plain ; There was little wonder that the police could not fiud Miss. Pudsey at Newcastle. She had never been there. She bad eloped with Hr Ironside, who, at .one tinie, ,bad had rooms - in her mother's honse. Mrs Pudsey had insisted on a marriage taking place, aud the doctor had, in his turn, insisted on its being kept; a profound secret. But long siuce. lie had gr -wn tired of his gentle; stupid," uncultured- bride ; and, having fallen madly in love with Miss St. Heiier, he detcrmiucd to risk every thing, and marry her. It was not from his wife, hnt from his motiicr-in-law, that dhngcr threatened him. No doubt she had discovered his intentions, and had intended to denounce hiui. The locket (either a relic of bygone ages, or a m'odern imitation 'of some such relic) had '.suggested to the doctor a means cf carrying out his murderous design in silence and secrecy. Florence St. LI elicr never knew Un true .cause of.lier lover's death. ; and, of course, time lessen- d the .violence, of her sorrow. Two years have passed since then ;_ and Marvell, i can see, is not- without hope iliat lie . may yet gain the- :objcct of . his desires: He has taken Ironside's young widow and her child u -der his care, --he is certain, Hie tolls mc, to. marry again. I could not' bu ..think . that she had some suspicions as to the way in wliich her mother came by her end. But she never know for cer tain that, her husband: was, a7 ni.rird.orer ; nor. did any one ever tell hcriliatYi'R \- himself' fell a victim to the deadly power of the poisoned locket;' 