THE HAUNTED HOTEL. . A CHRISTMAS STORY. By Billy Nutts. O'er nil there hung a shadow and a fear, A sense of mystery the spirit daunted, And said as plain as whisper in the ear, . The place is haunted 1 I have heen told that my most sensible mode of procedure would have been to have taken my much-needed repose, and await any ghostly manifestations to arouse me. But T was determined not to give any opportunity for being taken unawares, and so resolved to keep on the qui vivi as long as my senses were capable of the effort. With this intent, I read, drank, and smoked, sometimes alternately, but oftener altogether, now and then checking an involuntary yawn and glancing at the flight of time. The experience was nor very pleasant as, no doubt, those who have kept a nightly vigil can testify. I had a distressing sensation of cobwebs all over my body, occasionally varied by a feeling as - if an army of extra-active fleas were careering over my limbs. At length to my partial relief the witching hour of twelve arrived. " Now is tlie orthodox time f r my ghostly friend," I soliloquised; " ac cording to all ! traditions, the fire should gradually expire, the candles burn blue, and a cold bla;t sweep through the room." I am sorry , to: have to dispel a popular delusion, but nothing of the kind hap pened ; thu little fire afci 11 flickered cheer fully, the candies gave their accustom 'd radiance, and the atmosphere preserved a comfortable warmth. I waited impa liently for some time, then rising, and stretching myself vigorously, I exclaimed " Well ! this is rather a slow game; if tny friend is not punctual I shall retire. I'll give him ten minutes' grace, and then, as Lady Macbeth says, ' To bed, to bed, to. bed !'-" I turned to the mantel to note the time, and as I did so I naturaliy looked imo the mirror : above. Was I dreaming, or did I see the door move — the door which I believed I hid effectuallv secured. I rnbhed my eyes and looked again. The door was certainly opening inch by inch, and as I still gazed without power of motion, a human face appeared for the space of half a minute and was then withdrawn. As it did so, I turned swiftly round, but the door appeared closed and secure as I had left it. Once more 1 turned to the mirror, and again the performance was re peated, and this time I tookmore particular notice of the aspect of my visitor Cer tainly, there w<«s nothing very alarming about the countenauce which presented itself. An aged face, clean shaven, ex cept for snowy whiskers of the same hue as the short ourly hair which surmounted it. Rather a pleasant face than other wise, of a florid complexion, lit up by two twinkling little eyes, which sparkled through gold-rimmed spectacles. Al together what one would term " a jolly looking customer," and one fond of good company and lively conversation. As. I gazed spellbound at tlie reflection in the mirror the face smiled, exhibiting a set of teetli in good preservation, nodded cheer fully, and withdrew. This was so entirely different from the generally received idea of a ghostly visitant that I felt per plexed. Where was the white sheet, the clanking chains and the dismal groans which are supposed to be indispensable in such cases ? There was absolutely nothing of the kind, and any feeling of apprehen sion died away as I reflected on tlie very human style in which the spectre, if such it were, announced its presence. Then it rushed across my mind that ghosts are reported to be so excessively modest as not to speak until spoken to, and. as I turned to watch the door I determined to put it to tlie test. This time there c uld be no ocular deception, as I was watching the door itself, when for the third time it slowly opened, the head was protruded gently — as if its owner were diffident as to entering without an invitation — and the same cheerful greeting in dumb show was repeated. The faco was being as slowly withdrawn, when I managed by a violent effi.rt t - recover my power of speech, and exe'aimed — -atlier irritably, I fear, for I was annoyed at my long spell of waiting — " Don't stand there nodding and grin ning ; whoever ymi are, come in and make yourself at heme." The face took on an expression of pleased surprise ; surprise, I expect, at my free and easy address, and pie -sure at my cordial invi tation. The door opened to its full ox- tent, and I bad a clear view of tny mid- nig- 1 visitor, . who vtood there bowing, with old-fashioned courtesy. The figure was that of a man of moderate scatnre, short and plump, dressed in plain but well-made black clothing, and gave me the impressio-i of a respectable old gen tleman in the mercantile line. The only remarkable thing about his attire was that his neck was encircled by a long red scarf, reminding me of those worn by " flash diggers," and which seemed to be knotted under his left ear, while the ends fell loosely behind his shoulder. All this I noted at a glance, and though the survey was momentary I noticed the gold studs which adorned his spotless shirt-front, and the gold watch-chain which crossed his waistcoat. There was something so extremely re spectable about the apparition, that I re turned his courteous greeting quite mechanically, and pointed to a chair on the opposite side of the fire-place. The spectre bowed again, entered the room, not with the orthodox ghostly gliding movement-, but with a perfectly , natural springy- step which, however, made no sound, and seating, himself as indicated, placed his hands upon his knees', and leaned forward with an amicable smile as if ravishing to be addressed. Although I had been partly wishing for such an inter view, I certainly felt rather, nervous at this novel' experience, but reasoning that- such a chance of obtaining information from the spiritual world might not. occur again iii my" life-time, I managed to over- como my timidity, and addressed my vis-a-vis with as much composure as I could summon to my aid. " Good evening, sir, I remarked, "allow me to introduce myself, Mr William Nutts, now oh a tour through the mining districts." " Charmed to make your acquaintance, sir," responded the spectre in perfectly, natural tones. " I am, or rather was Joseph Jackson, commercial traveller, and very much at your service. And allow me to compliment you, sir, oil your civility and condescension in giving me this opportunity of once more com municating with the material world." "You have not had many visitors then," I enquired, " since you ' shuffled off this mortal coil' as my favorite hard observed?" Mr Jackson's spectrum shook his head mournfully and replied, " My dear sir, it is true that visitors to this domicile have been ' few and far between' to quote another poet, aud I atn sorry to say those few did not exhibit that very remarkable strength of mind which has given me the pleasure of your acquaint ance."' " Ah ! I see, they were too scared, I presume to become familiar." "Just so. sir!" replied the spectre ; " they seemed possessed of the most un reasonable timidity at my advances. Mos' of them took their depar ure over the balcony ; some became insensible ; and one man became so thoroughly intoxicated previous to my visiting him that he was quite incapable of any rational conver sation. It was annoying, sir, very an noying, when I was perfectly willing, nay desirous of entering uito friendly rela tions with anyone of human kind. If yon will pardon me for saying so, you appeared rather undecided yourself at first." " Well, yes, I was," I confessed, ' but you see we have always supposed that persons of your class delighted in an nouncing their approach with the clank ing of chains, -waving of white sheets, sepulchral groans, and all that sort of thing." Mr Jecksoa looked annoyed, if not in dignant. " My dear sir, ' said he, "Ido iMt jlfdten'd fo Sdy lf&w; Su'Ch absurd iqoaB \- became prevalent, but f appeal to you, as a person of superior intelligence (this with a polite bow), wheiher any well-re lated ghost would assume such a very in convenient garment as a white sheet, or would incommode himself with such a perfectly useless appen-laee as a chain, or annoy himself and his hearers by groans, f»r which he has no ratioual cause. Ab surd, my dear sir, perfectly preposterous I All that surt of thing might have done for the readers of Mrs Radciiffe's horrific novels, but it is quite out of date nowj 1 assure you." Here my ghostly friend drew out a handsome gold snuff-box from his vest pocket and refreshed himself with a pinch, then, witn another bow, offered it to me. I was rather doubtful how to accept the proffored civility, for 1 supposed his snuff must he as unsubstantial as himself ; but as his hand remained extended I ventured on a pinch, aud was rewarded by finding it of so material a nature that I sneezed loudly. Mr Jcakson smiled affably. "I per ceive, sir, your are not accustomed to the pulverised weed. It is a practice, I admit, rather out of date ; bnt you will doubtless excuse that." "It's not so much that," I replied. "But you must understand that our human conception of spiritualistic mani festations is that everything is unsubstan tial. Artists always represent your fraternity ' as - porfectly transparent ; authors always describe your forms as quite impalpable to the touch ; so, of course, I reckoned your' rappee was equally visionary." "You must be certainly; convinced .as to the pungency of my favorite' mixture,", said Mr Jackson, smiling.- "As; to the rest, look at me ; am I not as opaque as yourself ? And that raominds- me'!that' 1 have not yet had the pleasure of shaking hands. Do you find that sufficiently material, sir?" : As I .took the- proffered : hand— father cautiously, I must admit— I was surprised to. find the grasp as 'firm as that of any human being, though- there was some thing rather cliilly in' the contact. T ventured to express my astonishment at this solidity in a spiritual form, when Mr Jackson smilingly obliged me with an explanation. " My dear sir, you have no doubt re marked that spiritual forms are always represented by artists and others as being attired in their customary habits as they lived. Now, does it ' not appear to you. that the ghost of a coat is a palpable absurdity ? VV'e have the power of ma-; terialising not only our bodies, but the clothing to which' we were accustomed," as the , spiritualists have no doubt in formed you, whenever we wish to become visible to mortals, and we can just as readily resolve into thin air, and' ? leave not a wrack behind.' Now, I will trouble you to observe me attentively." I did so, and as I gazed his figure faded slowly, like the picture in a dissolving view, while his hand, which 1 still held, seem to shrink in my ' grasp and become impalpable. Then the misty outlines again took definite shape in the same deliberate manner, and Mr Jackson once more, sat before me apparently as substan tial as anyone in the flesh The spectre smiled blandly as I ex pressed my satisfaction. "But, now tell me,"' said "I, " if you will pardon my curiosity, liow it is that with such ail enviable capacity for trans mutation, your fraternity prefer to hang around deserted buildings and waste places, instead of taking ran occasional change of air and scene. It must be very monotonous for a; gentleman of your breeding to confine your movements to a dull hole like this. Besides which', you are doing the owner of the property a positive injustice by debarring him from letting the premises atahandsome rental." Mr Jackson shook his ghostly head, and an air of profound melancholy clouded his rubicund visage. "Ah! my dear sir," said he sighing, "that is the only inconvenience of my present state of being. I, like others of my kind,' . would prefer to change my quarters occasionally, but you must under stand that- the circumstances of the case make my residence here imperative until I am formally "released." "I am sorry, to hear it," T replied, "but if it is in my power to expedite your removal, you " can' depend upon my willingness." The spectre brightened up immediately, and again shook hands with mo. " My dear sir, my very dear sir !" lie exclaimed," you are the very man I have been waiting for these many years. Your great consideration has set me at liberty to recount tlie circumstances of my re moval from this mundane sphere, and if I shallfnot be trespassing on your patience. I will take the present opportunity of informing you as to the means of my release. " Go ahead, sir, decidedly," l-liastened to reply, my curiosity being thoroughly awakened, " but talking's dry work. As; you are rnateralised, might I offer you some material refreshment." And so s lying I pushed the bottle towards him along with a clean glass. To my surprise the spectre at once raised the bottle, and pouring out a decent modicum of the spirit, mixedit carefutly with a proportion of pure water, and I having done the same he remarked, " I have the supreme pleasure, Mr Nutts, of wishing you a Merry Christmas, with of course, the cus tomary adjunct of a Happy New Year." I reciprocated the compliment, and watched him ratten ively to see liow he took liis grog, but it. disappeared in a manner which seemed to indicate that he had not lost his taste for good liquor. : Matters being, p'aced on this'- very socialable footing, Mr Jackson proceeded with his narrative from which I gathered that lie had in reality. been /made raway witli by the -former landlord; with the connivance if not. the assistance of the missing stableman. The motive of .the crime was a large quantity of jewellery which he had with him at the tithe, as well as a considerable amount of gold pur chased on liis tour The murder was effected by his drink being drugged, and strangulation with the silk sasli. which I had observed round his throat.. The stableman rode the horse some miles away and turned it loose, while liis master dragged the body by tlie sash to a deserted shaft at the back of the house, - and attaching a weight, threw it down into the water which half filled the hole. The jold lie found no difficulty in disposing of, but tlie box of jewellery he hid beneath the hearthstone in the kitchen intending to remove and take it with him when leaving the district. Th s,' however, was prevented by his suicide, the tortures of conscience having become : unbearable, heightened, as my ghostly friend hinted, by s-.ndry starthn j visits in his spectral char cter. He indi cated the loo«lit.y of his unhallowed burial .with sufficient distinctness, giving me to understand that when his body had received the proper rites of interment, his sp-rit would be at liberty to depart. I assured him of my willingness to h lp in such a desirable consummation, and this being satisfactorily arranged, Mr Jackson became effusive in his friendship, insisting on once more drinking my health, and professing his anxiety to oblige me in any way possible to his spi ritual condition. " Weil, sir, it is really not worth talk ing about. I always like to oblige a gentleman, even if he should be only a ghost : but," I Droceeded. as a strange idea fla3hi.-d across my mind, "-if you have the power, of wluoh I am doubtful, you might oblige me very much." " Nam it, mv dear sir, only name it." exclaimed tlie spectre, "We have powers of which you can have no conception ; pray enligh'en me as to your desire " "Well then," said I with some hesita tion. " could you introduce mc to a few of your spiritual friends, just to make things a lit'lo sociable you know." "Certainly, su.\ a mere trifle," the spectre hastened toTeply, " Name the parties you wish to interview and I . will summon-them at once. As your favorite poot says, 'I can call spirits front thte Yftety tt&J.;' " Y ' — ' : " But will they come when you do call for them," I continued slyly. " You shall see, sir," exclaimed Mr Jnckson, looking rather offended, "Name the parties, time or place will make no difference." " Very good, sir I" I replied, " Then if it is not troubling you or the other gentlemen too much, I would like t > have a few words with Dr Johnson, Charles I., Sir Francis Drake, Wat Tyler, William the Conqueror, and just to make up the half-dozen, his old enemy, Hereward the Wake." to be continued. Very Severe on the Premier. — The "Banking Record" is severe on Mr Muitro. It is unfortunately the case tha the present administration of the finances of ths colony is generally viewed with distrust. No captious feeling exists, aii'l if anything could be done to restore confi dence in the management of the Treasury assistance would be willingly given. But (he want of a master ham) in public finance is undoubtedly d-eply felt. Angling. — The second competition of the season arranged by the local angling club came off on Saturday last, at Wan- garatta, Mr a. Clements, of the North- Eastern Flour Mills, winning the prize with a basket of about lOtlbs., D. Knox 2nd, with 6 Jib., and Mr J. Hume 3rd, with ojlb. There were some other very decent takes recorded, but on tlie whole the disciples of Walton do not appear to have as good sport this season as in former years. The fish are scarcer, for which fact the netting that has up to the present been carried on is answerable. ; . Picnic at Warby Ranges. — A picnic party of about .50 persons, organised by members of the Wangaratta Mutual Im provement Association, visited Warby Ranges, near Mr Brian's organgery, on Boxing Day, and spent an enjoyable day in games and liill-climb- ng. On the journey home a vehicle containing crockery ware and provisions, and occupied by Messrs Emory and Dods worth, ran over a grass-tree and was capsized, but the : accident was, ; fortunately, more amusing than serious. 