PASSING NOTES. By Faustina. It i3 very evident that in the days to corno women's pages" and "women's columns," and, worse still, "ladies literature," will die out. Alen and women having the same interests will need the same mental pabulum, study side by side, and apply their know ledge to a common cause. "So much the worse," growls the typical male sufferer, who looks upon a woman as something useful to keep in the chimney corner in case of emcr. gency— at odd times, that is to say— when she isu't darning the stockings, or looking after the children, or last but not least, " feeding the beast," as I heard an aggravated jady, with a tongue and a temper," call it the other clay. (In excuse, I may add that " the beast" in question had been heaping oppro brious epithets on an excellent dinner). But 1 wouldn't worry, my dear sir. There is no immediate cause for alarm, I do assure you. The Queen and the Young Ladies Journal are still more popular among the fair sex than the ' Quarterly Ilcricw. And the " Tasty Dishes" column in the magazine is well thumbed, when the " Science " pages arc still uncut. It is to the future — But a truce to threats and prophecies. Whatever the woman of tho future may be, I am not afraid that " much learning" will make her dress like a guy, eat like a savage, or grow indifferent to her. surroundings. Neither will she, I fancy, spend all day over fashion books in the burning hope of eclipsing her dearest friend in the trimming of a jacket, or weep if she finds that she hasn't the latest fad in table decorations. Speaking of the " future woman" reminds me of a rather remarkable book by the late Octave Feuillet, now coming into notice here. 1 say remarkable because French novelists, as a rule, are dramatic, not analy tic, arid " Aliette" is really a curious psycho- logical study. It is that of a clever and out wardly fascinating woman, who, under the philosophic teachings of a noble guardian, has broken away from all the old faiths. But the very truths that elevate him to a life of self-denial she debases into spurious sophis tries to suit her own selfish ends. She is utterly calculating and heartless, untouched by one gleam of spontaneous sympathy, un moved by one generous emotion. After poisoning the gentle woman who trusted lier> ill order to marry the victim's wealthy hus band, she coolly asks of her horror-struck guardian, who eventually dies from the shock the knowledge of her treachery causes him, " How is it that a inind such as yours lias never foreseen that I might extract from your doctrines and from our common studies conclusions and teachings different from those you drew from them yourself? The tree of science does not produce the same fruit upon every soil. ... I care very little, I swear to you, to deny myself, to force myself to suffer all my life, in order to prepare a state of happiness and perfection, for I know not what future humanity — a state which I shall not enjoy, festivals to which I shall not go, and a paradise into which I shall have no entrance." Needless to say, the author makes the story end in the approved fashion— could an academician do otherwise ? — by proving that a belief in supernatural religion is absolutely indispen sable to moral conduct, especially in a woman. Bub iu spite of this inevitable con ventionalism the style and spirit of the book is so happy, and the questions it raises so interwoven with the whole fabric of modern thought, that its interest never flags throughout. Another, and perhaps more solid contri bution to literature bearing directly upon certain well-known types of the, at present, much-discussed sex, has just been published in Germany. I give the title in all its " linked sweetness long drawn out," " Henrik Ibsen's Fraucngcstalten Psycho- logische Bilder nacli seincn sechs Familicn- dramen," which means simply an intelligent and earful study by Andrias Salome, of all Ibsen's women, including the female characters m "The Doll's House," the Wild Duck, ghosts, the Lady of the Sea, Rosmersholm and Iledda Gablcr. Round this work, in the author's native land and the Avenue Theatre in London, taken by the Charringtous for the season, the " Ibsen " controversy is waking up again in all the old strength, and if possible with several additions to unti- Ibsensito vocabu laries. Some base renegade from the faith of his father's has been following up Professor Lombroso's theories by trying to prove that women are not only more physically in sensible to pain on their own account thau men, but more callous to the sufferings of others, especially after some experience of work on charity organisations. He adds also, that they are " much more cautious " in giving help than their male brethren. As regards the "callousness" I am sceptical No woman would voluntarily devote her life to the relief of suffering she did not feel for. On the " ciltition " I warmly congratulate her, the more so as lier avowed possession of it is in direct contra diction to the doctrines of a very large class who hold that when women get political power in the State each one will need about half-a-dozcn men to hold her back from ruining it by her "rash impulses." The explanation, to my mind, of the phenomenon which struck our sensitive friend is simple— viz., that women, conscious of their ten dency to be carried away by their feelings, when placed in any position where the conse quences of such a course would be especially serious, put a stronger guard than usual upon their emotions — in isolated cases, perhaps, even au excessive one. This, added to their superior quickness in detecting deceit under speciousappearaucesof " deserving distress," would account for what is really a much more hopeful sign for tho future than any amount of that feminine " gush " that generally goes with injudicious action. Commenting on female hardhcartcdncss, one's thoughts turn to a supreme type of it, now undergoing a well-deserved but too short- sentence, for killing, by a course of constant brutality, her little three- year-old daughter. What was Airs. Montague's hus band doing while his children's lives wero being made a bell upon earth ? That very natural questiou now agitating London society and the Loudon press will occur to all of us, though a satisfactory answer is not forthcoming. He knew his wife was a "severe disciplinarian," no saiu. us nope, lor ins own cretm s sake, he did not know she was a iicud. Her vindictive disposition was not a late develop ment. " When ut school," wc are told, "her cruelty was a byword, and stories are on record of brutality to her horses which cau hardly be credited." "A monomaniac," of course her influential relatives term her, and prop up the theory of her irresponsibility by pointing out that when the birth of a child approached she became positively murderous. A consoling doctrine truly for the poor children, who will tremble when their mother is set at liberty, going about in fear of their lives, until perhaps tho taint of blood breaks out in them also, and they turn and take a deadly rcvengo for their outraged childhood. Mad or not, the man who allowed such a woman to bring children into the world, and the friends who countenanced by their silence actions they wero evidently aware of, can only be regarded as accessories after the fact. Tho poor little sinful mother who had to bo separated from her child by main force in our law courts yesterday seems an angel of light in comparison to any one of them. With the approach of the London and Paris seasons the Riviera is looking rather deserted. The Queen enjoyed her stay at Hyeres immensely ; more, in fact, than the landlord of her hotel did, for as her Majesty > came in English visitors flocked out " for fear of being intrusive." (This sounds like a fairy tale, but Old World papers vouch for the fact.) And as several structural altera tions had been made in the building in honor of tho royal visit things, somehow, " didn't pay." However, what with a review of 40 French veterans who had served in tho Crimea — (A hardy race, theso Crimean heroes, especially tho Light Brigade section.) — daily drives to the little fishing villagoe around, excursions to Alentonc, Montana and the neighboring points of interest, and Princess Beatrice's birthday celebrations time passed quickly enough, and the Queen expresses herself thoroughly benefited by the change. Still, the improvement in her ! health has not been followed by any rclaxa- : tion of her determination to have a very quiet London season. Two state concerts and two drawingrooms are to be the limit. The worst of it is these are to be crowded j into one week, or, at the outside, two ; ami great is the dissatisfaction, both of the London elite and the London tradesmen, at : this rushing of tilings through with a " soouer-thc-bcttcr" sort of air. One wild whirl, one glimpse of tho paradise of high-toned revelry, and ( then — the inferno of dulncss. Why, people will be forced into getting up charity balls for sending blankets to the "unemployed," or "moral pockcthandkcrchcrs" to tho ; heathen, in shcersclf-dcfcncc. One does, at least, got a glimpse of royalty at such places — if not the rose, at least somebody who has lived near t ho rose. Even the rose's aide-de- camp or private secretary is better than nothing. Ltko John Willct, they carry a " world of imagination in their eye." An April day in Paris, " when it is nice, it's lovely," as an enthusiastic little maiden, fresh from the queen city, remarked tome . once. And April days this year have been ' j! more than kind ; thev have been generous in blue skies and Sunshine; so that all the world that lias got back from its winter resorts has been out of doors, perambulating, driving and riding, especially the two last. Frenchwomen, like Americans, are not great walkers, and what male French creature will ) be bold enough to say " walk" when a ) woman says "ride"? At Longchamps, on ! Passion Sunday (extreme Sabbatarians may skip this), there were conflicting opinions ' about the costumes of the fair sportswomen. j The "elegants" and "ravishings" and such like extravagant Gallic adjectives j were tempered by an all-round murmur of " too bright." For, strange to say, in spite of the early prophecies that this was to be a ) gmj% white, violet and neutral brown season, we have gone in for rainbow colors all round. j Imagine a green and purple — a very purple ' dress, with a bonnet trimmed with bright green feathers; or a tweed costume, with 1 sleeves ot scarlet velvet, worn with a scarlet hat, black feathers and a " bunch of Russian violets," shaded sunshades going with both these toilettes. It doesn't sound inviting ; rather doc3 it set one's menial teeth on edge and crush one's artistic perceptions into a whole quiver of rebellion. But what can ordinary mortals say in the face of that thrilling mandate, "It is the fashion?" I don't like the " dos-sac" backs to jackets, but 1 I know that since "all tho best dressed women" at Lougchainps wore them we shall have the " dos-sac backs" herein full force in a month or two. Well, possibly they will improve on acquaintance, as blouses did. By < the way, blouses are pretty this season. Tiie stiff collar, cuffs and tie are condemned to ex. 1 tinetion and soft frills, lace, embroidery and m> other feminine etceteras have taken their place. ' I am loth to leave the " pleasant land," loved of old by poor Alary Stuart, and the present paradise of 'good Americans," ( without a word about a pathetic figure, once the cynosure of all eyes ; now, if not posi tively disliked by her countrymen, at least neglected and ignored — I mean the Empress Eugenie. What a contrast !— the old, faded woman taking her daily walk painfully by the aid of two walking sticks to the mauso leum where her loved ones lie, her quiet household routine varied oidy by au occa sional visit to the city she once made brilliant by her presence, and in which nowslicjmsses unnoticed as the humblest citizen, and the bright girl of 30 years ago, first idolised, then hissed and execrated, now ignored. That lias been her life since she rose like a star over the second empire. If over-ambi tion was her bane in the beginning, dearly has she expiated that fault. Paris — gny fickle, charming Paris — the scene of her triumphs and her fall, knows her no more. It knows better even the Countess Gas. : , tiglione, who a few weeks ago removed from her mansion in the Place Vcudomc, where j she has lived ever since — a gay young beauty — she charmed the too-snsceptiblc heart | of Napoleon III. a quarter of a century ago. j One wonders what Eugjnie thinks now of that i little scene at a ball given in the Tuillerics when the Countess appeared in a somewhat audacious dress, the corsage fastened with a diamoud heart, a costume much admired by j the Emperor, who, on escorting his lovely ! guest to the buffet, happened to pass the ! Empress. "Madame," lie asked, " do you « i not admire tho costume of the Comtcssc de I ; Castiglionc ? " Her majesty's beautiful face \ darkened as she looked her rival up and ' down, as women — even royal women — know j how to do on occasions. " Y ou wear your I heart rather low down, madamc, do you , ' not? "she said, and turned her back upon j , the pair. I am not surprised to read thr-i, the Emperor "said nothing." The situation j must have been what one would call "strained." jS ' The British International Horticultural Association is making preparations to celc- ; brato the "queen month of the roses" on a ; i scale before untried at Earlscourt. The I < "hanging gardens" of the East will find a place in tho scheme of arrangement, and tho knowledge and taste of ancient Greece and j Rome be brought to bear upon certain choice ' j sections. If, iu addition to music, song and . sweet scents, June will condescend in tho rainy little island to be June for once, the ; ' horticultural festival of 1892 ought to be a ; j great success. But I know the sweet "con- ' truiriuess" of that genial clime of old. Tho " hanging gardens" will possibly be a shower- \ bath by that time and the "Grecian and j Roman sections" a vast duckpond. ' ? 