POLITICAL ECHOES. TBr LOUNGER. J The difference between an Optimist and a Pessimist is the difference between a front seat and a back seat in the vehicle which conveys us from the earthly mother to tho mother earth. Your Optimist faces the breezes, which bring the blood tingling to his cheek, presenting him as a picture of radiancy and robustness ; he mostly handles the reins and makes the pace : but he is Optimist because he is ever intent on wliat is before him. He is perpetually employed in the pursuit of fresh pleasures, and he enjoys life because he possesses his soul in an unceasing activity of change. The Pessimist, sitting with his back to the diiection of progress, looks upon the past as a scene of beauty fast receding from mortal view, and vexes his soul with the notion that the mists which envelop the long-travelled country in the far distance are the tears of the gods at humanity's exit from a paradise to a purgatory. All cannot sit in front and drive, and every vehicle cf society, whether it be a Church or a club, a Parliament or a family reunion, has its Optimist and Pessimist. I encounter the Pessimist in Parliament House. I find him in the corridors of the beautiful building deploring that the structure lacks the marks of the hoary hand of Time, because in the suggestiveness of ceuturies there is exercise for veneration and stimulus to genius. I hear his wail in the House that the good old days have gone never to return. "Another week gone, and aprofitless week, too," said Pessimist on Thursday evening last. " Here's nearly the first half of the session slipped away, and the only comforting fact about it is that ' Hansard' is about seventy pages fewer than it was at this time last year." The Optimist revels in the newness of Marble Palace. There are no blood stains on the pillars, no ghosts in the cellars, and no shrieks from the torture chamber ; on the contrary, the bright artistic columns seem to be reflecting the sparkle and vivacity of young and innocent life, the life of a colony with a higher history to make. In the debates he is heard talking of the grand and glorious future of his land. Nothing daunts his spirits. "It is now a period of rest and quiet-. There is very little legislative work being done, and ditto legislative mischief ; but there is legislative work immediately ahead—a Pastoral Bill—drive carefully. But there is no occasion to be perturbed because it is a season of calm. Thanks, chiefly to the Press, the tone of Parliament has been greatly purified, and members feel that they must be on their best behaviour if they would come back. The prospect, therefore, is decidedly cheering, for the Assembly is working with a sense of the all-seeing eye of the elector upon it, and with a fear of the punishment which will be surely meted out to the negligent and incompetent." Quite an interesting chapter might be written about the familiar words of public speakers. One noticeable characteristic about them is that they persevere in talking the language of their current or past avocations. The compositor will refer to his types and points, and somehow remind one he has or should have everything at his fingers' ends so as to be in touch. Where is the lawyer who forgets to drag in his "case," put the "issues" before gentlemen of the Jury, or "submit with great respect" to His Honor 1 The farmers, too, they are not unaccustomed "to break up new ground," "sow the seed," and "reap a harvest," and the chaff merchants of "threshing out" a subject. It is not unusual to find the storekeeper "weighing" matters in his mind, and giving the audience a full supply of words for their money. So one mi^ht go through many occupations to show that while the men have left them "the fact remains" (with apologies to Mr. Cystine) in their phrases. You may break, you may shatter the vase if you will, But the scent of the roses will hang round it still. Listening to our own representatives, what are some of their household words ? If we begin with the Premier, Mr. Holder, he is a practised speaker, who gives fewer opportunities than most in the direction we want. He has been accustomed to think and teach root ideas and to persuade, as one could well imagine when he heard him reiterate—" After all, what does it amount to It is not surprising that such a keen and cool calculating mind is as hiehly appreciated at the Tieasuryas in Cabinet. j^Outside the House it appears by the Register's effective voting-list that the most popular man inside it is the ex- Premier, Mr. Playford, who vexes not his soul about devious ways of diplomacy or long-drawn-out propositions of logic. His chief concern is to gather all tbe facts in order tc make application of his large gift of common sense by which he keeps in sympathy with the people. It is therefore in consonance with expectation that we hear him over and over again saying, " What is the position of affairs ?" and " Now, what do we find ?" The Court of Public Opin.on find that Mr. Plajford is a level-headed, practical, straight-going politician. Dr. Cockburn's frequent "but" illustrates his mentality. As a physician he has discovered that uncertainty is the only certainty, and as a man of letters that there is a nay to every yea. What the boneless Rexo or Reno do at the Bijou Theatre with their bodies the Chief Secretary may be seen doing on North-terrace with his mind. It is a marvel of flexibility—bends with ease to every subject and to each side of a subject. His mental agility is the "but" which explains a strange medley of ideaB. It seems as if there is nothing positive from the brilliant doctor without a modification, and no modification' without a qualification, and no qualification without an exception, and no exception without a "but." But the "but," far from being a note of finality, is only the beginning of a fresh chorus of enquiry. Sir John Downer, who is looked upDn as the Parliamentary example of a backbone, on the other .hand always seeks bedrock for his argument. He is never satisfied until he has proved to you that what he says must be 60 "in the very nature of things." Dr. Cockburn would probably explain how that the nature of things was a variable quantity according; to the character of the mental eyes with which men were differently endowed, but Sir John Downer repeatedly insists upon the idea that "the nature of things" is distinct and immutable and none other than that witnessed and described by Sir John Downer. It would not take long to discover that Mr. Cohen was a banker, because he is so sure of everything ; he never makes a mistake, and he " unhesitatingly affirms" with the frequency with which his fingers readjust the Adam's pip in his throat, which his stentorian organ appears to be perpetually frightening out of place. Mr. Kingston is to many an Enigma. His handwriting says so, and that is an unanswerable proof with certain character readers. Yet, as if to make the Enigma perfectly enigmatical, his speeches are as clear as crystal. The delivery, like the handwriting, sometimes leaves something to be desired ; occasionally the delivery rises to the excellence of the matter. While generally Mr. Kingston's utterances can be reproduced by the reporter aB if they had been edited by the author as essays in composition, there are recurring phrases which reveal mental workings. Two may be quoted. One exhibits Mr. Kingston as a teacher of morals. How often does he not tell the House—" It is either right orit is vromj ? Which is it?" It is upon the moral platform that Mr. Kingston as a speaker takes his stand and finds his strength. Another familiar clause in his sentences is suggestive of a mind striving to tear itself away from tortuous legal phraseology and sport in the freedom of direct statement. It is refreshing to hear the great Queen's Counsel and equilly great politician come to the point with— "/ mean to say." Mr. Landseer, whose name is Generosity, is the popular man in the House. Everybody likes him; he is so goodnatured. Out of the abundance of his heart he gives advice freely on all sorts of subjects, and to all conditions of men ; he dots not stint anybody. At the same time he coins historical phrases with lavish prodigality. In his liberality he does not forget the reporters, for he sets his pearls of common sense in a wealth of words; they drop the words and hand the pearls to the public. " A ste]} in the ri<jht direction," which Mr. Castine has recently revised, belongs to Mr. Landseer, who never fails " to aid and assist" scores of times in a big speech in which he is "proud, and pleased" to do something for his country. Mr. Landseer, like one of the Murray steamers, docs not seem to be accomplishing his mission unless taking somebody in tow. He delights to pass the cable of sympathy from his great throbbing heart to a heavily laden craft anl " aid and assist" it. No man could attend to his religious duties with more zeal than does Mr. Caldwell to his legislative work, and while the bon. member brings a great deal of intelligence and the noblest of motives to his service, he does not command that show of success which his talents and efforts apparently deserve. Possibly the poet is not appreciated, and possibly the explanation is to be found in his pet phrase, "I have yet to learn." There ara housewives who are always cleaning up the rooms and never have them tidy, and there are men who are always learning and never have the knowledge which is power. While I do not say Air. Caldwell is one of these, it may be that his reputation has suffered a shock from his frequent repetition of " I have yet to learn." Space will not permit the present exhaustion of my list, but there is room for one more illustration. The recent member from the Trades and Labour Council, Mr. McPherson, has the making of a good speaker, and he is apparently taking pains to inform himself before filling " Hansard." When a stranger is told about a labour member he expects, if not the apparel of the horny handed, some outward and visible sign of having endured the sweat of the brow. But in looking upon Mr. McPherson he thinks of a young doctor or lawyer or "a moulting Balfour," but not of a *' wurrikin' man." All this tends to show that the stranger does not understand the new order of labour representatives. Mr. McPherson has spoken a few times in the House ; and is always listened to with the greatest respect, but he never fails to repeat the words "J say" This phrase has an autocratic as well as egotistical ring, though it is but fair to add it sounded as if employed frequently as a conjunction in complex sentences; but the habit is likely to suffer the misinterpretation of a motto of the Trades and Labour Council, indicative that their word is as was the allpowerful law of the Medes and Persians, which chanseth not. 