NICK OF THE WOODS. \--0- CHAPTER XLX.-CerINLTD.. At that conjuncture, and just when Forrester caught his breath with intense and devouring expeotation, an incident occurred which entirely changed the face of affairs, and snatched the victory from the hands of the Kentuckians. The gallant Bruce, thus calling upon his followers to prepare for the charge, had scarce uttered the words recorded, before a voice, lustier even than his own, bellowed from a bush immediately on his roar " Take it like a butcher's bull-dog, tooth and nail !-knife and skull-splitter, foot and finger, give it to 'em every way,--cok-a doodle.doo I" At these words, coming from a quarter and from an ally entirely unexpected, young Bruce looked behind him, and behold, emerging from a hazel bush, through which it had just forced its way, the visage of Roaring Ralph Stackpole: its natural ugli ness greatly increased by countless seratches and spots of blood, the result of his leap down the ledge of rooks, when first set upon by the Indians, and his eyes squinting daggers and ratsbane, especially while he was giving utterance to that gallinaceous slogan with which he was wont to express his appetite for conflict, and with which he now concluded his unceremonious salutation. The voice and visage were alike familiar to Bruce's senses; and neither was so well fitted to excite alarm as merriment. But, on the present occasion, they produced an effect upon the young Regulator's spirits, and through them upon his actions, the most unfortunate in the world ; to understand which it must be recollected that the worthy IKentuckian had, twenty-four hours before, with his own hands, assisted in gibbeting honest Ralph on the beech tree, where, he had every reason to suppose, his lifeless body was hanging at that very moment. His as tonishment and horror may therefore be con ceived, when, turning in some perturbation at the well known voice, he beheld that identical body, the corpse of the executed horse-thief, crawling after him in the grass, " winking and blinking and squinting," as he was used afterwards to say, "as if the devil bad him by the pastern." It was a spectacle which the nerves of even ''om Bruce could not stand it did what armed Indians could not do, - it frightened him out of_his propriety. For getting his -situation, his . comrades, the savages,-forgetting everything but the fact of his having administered the last correotion of Lynch-law to the object of his terror, he sprang to his feet. and, roaring. "By the eternal devil, here's Ralph Stack pole I" he took to his heels, running, in his confusion, right in the direction of the enemy, among whom he would have presently found himself, but for a shot, by which, ,before he had run six yards, the un fortunate youth was struck to the earth. The exclamation, and the sight of Ralph himself, who also rose to follow the young leader upon what he deemed a rush against the foe, electrified the whole body of the Regulators, who were immediately thrown into confusion; of which the savages took the same advantage they had taken of Bruce's agitation: firing upon them as they rose, and then rushing upon them to end the fray, before they could recover their wits or spirits. It needed but this, and the fall of their leader, to render the disorder of the young men irretrievable; and, accordingly, in less than a moment, they were seen,-all, at least, who were notalmostdisabled,-flyingin a panic from the field of battle. It was in vain that the captain of horse-thieves, divin ing at last the cause of their extraordinary flight, roared out that he was a living man, with nothing of a ghost about him what ever; the panic was universal and irremedi able, and nothinr remained for him to do but to save his own life as quickly as possible. "'Tarnal death to me I" he bellowed, turning to fly : but a groan from Bruce fell on his ear. He ran to the aide of the fallen youth, and, catching him by the hand, ex claimed, "Now for the best leg, Tom, and a rush up hill to the hosses i" - "You ar'n't hanged then,- after all?" muttered the junior ; and then fell back as if unableto rise, adding faintly, "Go ;-rat it, I'm done for.-As for the-'l-savages, what have I to say-'1-'l-. But I reckon soalping's not much ;-'l-'l--one soon gets used to it r" And thus the young Kentuckian, his blood oozing fast, his mind wandering, his utterance failing, muttered, resigning him self to his fate, ignorant that even Stackpole was no longer at his side to hear him. His fate did indeed seem to be inevitable; for, while Stackpole had him by the hand, vainly tugging to get him on his feet, three different Indians were seen running with might and main to quench the last spark of his exis tence, and to finish Stackpole at the same time. '. But in that very emergency, the ill-luck which seemed to pursue the horse- thief and all with whom he was associated, found a change; and destiny sent them bothilassist ance in a way and by means as unexpected as they were unhoped for. The approach of the savages was noticed by Roaring Ralph, who, not knowing how to save his young execiutioner, against whom he seemed to entertain no feelings of anger whatever, and whose approaching fate he appeared well dispcsed to revenge before hand, clapped his rifle to his shoulder, to make sure of one of the number; when his eye was attracted by the spectacle of a horse rushing up the stony road, neighing furiously and scattering the Indians before him. It was the charger Briareus, who had broken from the tree where he had been fastenedbelow, and now came dashing up the hill, distracted with terror, or perhaps burning to mingle in the battle, which he had heard and snuffed from afar. He galloped by the three Indians, who leaped aside in'alarm, while Staokpole, taking advantage of the moment, ran up and siezed him by the bridle. In another moment, he had assisted the fainting Ken tuckian upon the animal's back, leaped up behind him, and was dashing with wild speed p the hill, yelling with triumph, and laughing to scorn the bullets that wore shot vainly after. CHAPTER XX-. Theconfliot. though sharp and hot, con sidering the insignificant number of com batantson either side, was of no very long duration; the whole time, from the appear anco of the Kentuckians until the flight, scarce exceeding half an hour. But the pursuit, which the victors imme diately commenced, lasted a longer space: and it was more than an hour-an age of suspense to the suffering soldier- before the sonnd of whoopiner on the hill apprised him of their return. They brought with them, as trophies of success, two horses, on each of which sat three or four different Indians, as many indeed as could get upon the animal's back, whore they olung together. shouting, laughing, and otherwise divert ing themselves, more like joyous schoolboys than stern warriors who had just fought asrd won a bloody battle. But this semblance of mirth and good humour lasted no longer than while the savages were riding from the hill-top to the battle-ground, which, having reached, they sprang upon the ground, and, running wildly about, uttered several cries of the most mournful character- laments, as Roland supposed, over the bodies of their fallen com panions. In the midst of this barbarons display of unsatisfied rage, several of the savages ap. proached the unfortunate Roland, and among them the old Piankeshaw, who, flourishing his hatchet, already clotted with blood, and looking more like a demon than a human being, made an effort to dash out the soldier's brains, in which, however, he was restrained by two younger savages, who caught him in their arms, and mattered somewhat in their own tongue, which mollified his wrath in a moment, causing him to burst into a roar of obstreperous laughter. "Ees--good I" he cried, grinning with apparent benevolence and friendship over the hapless youth : " no hurt Long-knife: take him Piankeshawv nation; make good friend squaw, papoose-all brudders, Long knife." With these expressions, of the purport of 277) which Roland could understand but little, he left him, retiring with the rest, as Roland soon saw, to conceal or bury the bodies of his slain comrades, which were borne in the arms of the survivors to the bottom of the hill, and there carefully and in silence de posited among thickets, or in crannies of the rook. Theeeremony coompleted, Roland was again visited by his Piankeshaw friend, and the two young warriors who had saved his life before, and were perhaps still fearful of trusting it entirely to the tender mercies of the senior. It was fortunate for Roland that he was thus attended, for the old warrior had no sooner approached him than he began to weep and groan, uttering an harangue, which, although addressed, as it seemed, entirely to the prostrate captive, was in the Indian tongue, and therefore wholly wasted upon his ears. Nevertheless he could porceivo that the Indian was relating some thmir that weighed very heavily upon his mind ; that he was warming with the sub ject, and even working himself up into a passion; and, indeed, he had not spoken very long before his visage changed from grief to wrath, and from wrath to the ex treme of fury, in which he began to handle his hatchet as on the previous occasion, making every demonstration of the best dis position in the world to bury it in the pri soner's brain. He wasagain arrested bythe youngsavages, who muttered something in his ear, as before, and again the effeat was to convert his anger into merriment; the change being effected with a facility that might well have amazed the prisoner, had his despair permitted him to feel any lightor emotion. "Good !" cried the old warrior, as if in reply to what the others had said; "Long knife go Piankeshaw nation, make great sight for Pianheshaw !" They seemed to have suffered a consider able loss in the battle; twelve being the whole number now to be seen; and most of these, judging from the fillets of rags and bundles of green leaves tied about their limbs, had been wounded; two of them to all appearance very severely, if not mortally, for they lay upon the earth, a little apart from the rest, in whose motions they seemed to take no interest. As Roland approached, he looked in vain, amid the throng, for his kinswoman. Neither she nor Telis Doe was to be seen. But, casting his eye wildly around, it fell upon a little grove of trees, not many yards off, in which he could perceive the figures of horses, as well as of a tall barbarian, who stood on its edge, as if keeping guard, wrapped, not withstanding the sultriness of the weather, in a blanket, from chin to foot, while his head was as warmly invested in the ample folds of a huge scarlet handkerchief. In that copse, Roland doubted not, the savages had concealed a hopeless and helpless captive, the being for whom he had struggled and suffered so long and so vainly, the maid whoso forebodings of evil had been so soon and so dreadfully realised. In the meanwhile, the Indians on the road. side began the business for which they had assembled: that seemed to be, in the first place, the division of spoils, consisting of the guns, horses, and clothes, of the dead, with sundry other articles, which, but for his un happy condition, Roland would have won dered to behold; for there were among them rolls of cloth andcalioo, heaps of hawks'-bells and other Indian trinkets, knives, pipes, powder and ball, and other such articles, even to a key or two of the fire-water, enough to stock an Indian trading-house. These, wherever and however obtained, were distributed equally among the Indians, by a man of lighter skin than themselves, a half-breed, as Roland supposed. The distribution being effected, and evi dently to the satisfaction of all present, the savages turned their looks upon the prisoner, eyeing him with mingled triumph and exul tation ; and the old presiding otficer, or chief, as he seemed to be, shaking off his abstrac tion, got upon his feet, and made him an harangue; imitating therein the ancient Piankeshaw, though with this difference, that, whereas the latter spoke entirely in his own tongue, the former thought fit, among abundance of Indian phrases, to introdnoe .some that were sufficiently English to enable the soldier to guess, at least, a part of his meaning. (To nz corrzeWan.) 