Sunday's Meeting on the Reserve. Ä Protest Against Despatch of Military. Address from Mr, Cann. The announcement that Mr. Cann would address the meeting on thé Central Reserve, on Sunday afternoon caused a very large attendance, and there ' must have been fully 5000 people present.' Mr. W. J; Ferguson presided. . ' . '*? ;; \- Mr.' G. Hum moved,-"That Mr. «Cann, on his return to Sydney, take immediate steps to form the labor party into line in order to prevent the, introduction of the military into Broken Hill under Any circumstances." (Hear, -hear.) He said he need not tell them that no military were required here. The miners had never refused to go to arbitration, and . picketing was carried out on perfectly constitutional lines. Therefore the Government had no right to send military here to eat up the taxpayers' money and coerce the miners into allowing non-unionists to I work 'the mines. If the Government had seen that the directors went to arbitration, as provided in the agree- ment, they would, be doing an act ' of justice and righteousness. The Govern- ment said it would maintain a neutral attitude; but it°would' be a curious kind of neutrality if they sent military Mere to help to introduce non-union labor, and would invite disorder. (Cheers.) -, 1 Mr. Sleath seconded the motion. The sooner the labor members got into line and made themselves conversant with.the progress of the dispute the better. / (Hear, hear.) Of course the directors would leave no stone- un- turned in order to" get the troops here and introduce blacklegs. .It' was not the duty of a, Government to take sides,, and. if : it sent the" military - here,??. it would be in- timidation of the worst kind against -the workers. -There had been no need for the presence of military up to the present, and he was sure there would not be in the future. . At this stage Mr. Cann arrived, and, on mounting the lorry, was received with cheers. Mr. Sleath (continuing) said; the resolution would be of benefit not only .to Broken Hill but the community at large. If troops were brought here it would be at enormous cost to the j country, and might be the means of j preventing a'settlement of the dispute. They could see by the stand the direc- tors were taking that it was their in- tention to use every effort to get the military sent here ; but the labor members should take the . matter in hand and prevent it. It was work of that kind they were sent into Parlia- ment to do, and they had now an op- portunity of distinguishing themselves. If they let it pass he was afraid they would not be so strong in the next Parliament. . The eyes of the workers throughout Australasia were on them, and the other side was also watching I their action. They had now the op-1 portunity of showing that the working" men had done some good for the cause by returning them td Parliament, j (Cheers.) j The motion was put and carried: unanimously. The chairman then briefly intro-1 duced Mr. Cann, who, ho said, was j one of those who signed the,agreement and was conversant with all the detailst He stated that Mr. Cann had had an informal interview with the directors in Melbourne, and' would perhaps relate to.: them the convert, sation. It . would appear that the directors were prepared to back down a little bit-^laughter)-but . he thought they would have* to back down a lot more yet. (Applause.) Mr. "Knox had said he was heartily tired of the whole affair, and the directors would soon be tired of it, too. . Mr. Cann, who was received with cheers, said it was not the first time he had appeared before them under similar circumstances ; but he did not believe that ' he had ever faced them with a worse prospect than at the present time. Mr. Ferguson had told them that he had had an informal inter- view with the directors and would detail it to them ; bnt he must say straight out that he would do nothing of the kind. He saw plainly when he left Sydney that the road for negotia- tion was blocked, Mr. Knox having declined further correspondence either by letter or telegram with the defence committee ; and not only that, but the directors had refused to receive a peaceable deputation of Broken Hill citizens. He considered that they ought to be ashamed of themselves for having refused to see that deputation. They muft have a very bad case, indeed, if' they could not discuss with that depu- tation-a discussion, which would have committed them to nothing. He did not expect any better reception himself when he left Sydney. The directors well knew which side he was on (cheers)-and. he had no - desire to sit on a rail. If he did, he might slip. He might at any moment be a worker again, and his full' sympathy was with the men. But while there was a chance of his being th| medica pf negotiation between the contending parties he did not think it wise" to say too much. If - ; he were to go in for their cause" too , strongly he might find the road to negotiations blocked, and then, he would not be able to do any good. They were told by the other side that ' if it were not for the "paid agitators" . . the "men would all go to work Uk« - sheep and do as the directors desired ; but that was too thin. As soon a» one " agitator ".was got rid of another would spring up ; and if they got, rid ^: : of 50 " agitators" to-morrow therô : ? would soon .be another 50 in their... place. The directors might persuade themselves with the delusive hope of crushing unionism out of Broken Hill, but he said they would never doit.!. (Choirs.) Unionism was one of tile' developments of this 19th century^ The employers themsleves claimed th« right of combination, and yet they wanted to deny it to their men. r ; What were the companies working these mines but combinations 1 It was :' only by thus combining and putting together capital, often on paper, that they were able to work these mines. And if they had the right .'to thus ; combine, he would claim the same . : right for the workers. There could be - , . no doubt about the existence of a dis-, v*r. puts. The directors said that only for the pigheadedness of the leaders there would have been no dispute. All they wanted was a mere nothing, and hardly .: ? worth quibbling over ! Jn fact, ,.? according to!-them,' the workers and mineowners were thoroughly agreed; if it were not for the agitators. Bu» they knew that matters were very" . s different. He might tell them that he unconditionally condemned the action'',", of the directors in this dispute. They ; . i ' said at first thatf they only wanted the . contract system, and until they issued ;;"? their manifesto they did not see clearly .=»'* v their game. They wished now to deny i *? it, and said they had no desire to crush . unionism ; but where did they think - ; ' was the common-sense of those .who {V read it 1 He had bad a conversation with Mr. Knox before this was sprung. . upon them. In fact, as they would - : . - remember, the BARRIER MINER fore warned them of it, and had been . . ;. discredited at the time, though - the truth of .its forecast had since been proved. He was in BrokemHill at that ."'j time, and it was not till he had gone to -Adelaide that the first letter, intimating that the directors desired a- , change, was sent. . He had . watched : i ; the correspondence closely, and -when - in Melbourne cautioned. Mr.' Knox \ that the position was critical, and that - one false move ' would land them .' - where they were" now; Mr. Knox ' then said thatthe directors' wished td . ^: avoid all trouble. All they wanted . was a conference with the men, and : ...... they had hot, the slightest doubt that the matter would be easily settled and everything > go v on : as before. They - / stated in' their first communication that they wanted contract work,- but .?. they djd not Bay what system they ' ~ ? wanted. When he ' himself put the - question to the directors they did not know. When Mr. Sleath, in his ., letter, asked the same question he got as a reply notice that the agreement would terminate on July 30! (Laughter.) He would challenge the mineowners now to say what system of ;. ¿ . contract they wished to intro iuce. * They did not know, and- yet they ; wanted the men to ..accept a system without knowing what it was them- selves! -He would" not say much now ;. -p about his action ¡ in - regard to concilia-' '?? tion; He thought they could trust , -him to act as " common sense would guide. (Hear, hear.) >? He did not' wish to say anything to embitter,?> ; the situation or raise false hopes ' that the strike would , soon -be over. - Both ísides had taken, up a certain position and. neither -would flinch ;' nnd ' . " until a compromising- attitude: ' wa»- f . ;v assumed by one Bide or" other ,there " ':. was little hope of à settlement. (A ? voice : " What" about the. leases ?") They need not trouble themselves about the leases, for the Mining Act .. was so vague that there would' be little * trouble in fulfilling the labor condi- tions. While there was a ? ghost of a - hope of a settlement he would leave no stone unturned. He thought it better to cometo Broken Hill himself than send a letter. He could get ' here as soon as a letter, and . one-had told I hun, cheaper. - (Laughter.) But that ' I was not so. However, he did /not ; mind how often he travelled to and I fro if he could. do any good He wished to compliment the men on the good order they had maintained ; but he would enjoin on them that they -' should be just as careful to prevent anyone else from infringing order as to ' abstain themselves. Everything done . in Broken Hill was being wired away - and attributed to the strikers in the ' city Press in big headings! . There were some who- did not believe the workers had any rights at all, but the progress of the strike was showing that vthey had, and he, believed they ? would have the sympathy and support - of all the workers of Australasia. (Cheers.) 4 Before he left Sydney, he,- . had already taken steps in acrcrdance-: . with the resolution carried by the ¡ meeting. -He had beenpromisedsupport i not only by tho Labor members, but by other .members of the- House. (Cheers.) They were of opinion that the directors had undoubtedly made a mistake, and could just as easily have had a conference with the . men! In fact, they could give no reason why they did. not. The agreement was so much a directors' one that at first the men refused to accept it, and he was accused of receiving money by indis- creet workers who could not see as far as the delegates. Mr. Cann then re- ferred to the comparison instituted by the directors between coal and silver ? mining, and pointed out the difference in the same terms as he has already 1 done in a letter to the Sydney Prèss. There was not the same danger in coal- mining, and the men breathed a purer atmosphere. He had known a man work ina coal mine-in his boyhood, and live till 86. He had. debated the matter of lead-poisoning with some of the shareholders, who could not cou ceivë of ic. (A voice : " Let them come and work here") Perhaps the best method to make them " understand * would be to put them in the face to work. But they needed only to come there and look,, ont the faces, round to see plenty of indications" of . lead-poisoning. There, were numbers not the men - they were when they cauiehere,and should theynot have con-' sideration on thataccount ? (Hear, " hear.) He hoped this trouble would not last longi but he was glad to see the ^ committee taking steps to enable them to hold, out as long as possible. ^ While '.' peace was maintained he thought he was safe.. in sayhig-in fact, the\ ; Government had promised him--that no . aggressive, steps would be igken, / , and they need have ho fear of military. He waa satisfied to believe that there was not a blackleg in Broken Hill, and -while that was so there was not much .danger. While they remained tra«} to each other the directors could not work those mines without them. No doubt Inducements would be offered them, and they would be told they were foolish' tb listen to agitators ; but while they were tme to themselves he did not think skilled labor could be found in any part of Australia to come, and open the mines. He did not say that there were not skilled men who could do it, but they would not come and take the bread outof theirmouths The Daity Telegraph haà ; said' it needed no more skill-to raise a fön of silver than a- ton of coal ; but if the directors got - unskilled ' labor into \- those mines there would be a big funeral. Mr. Gann then referred to the statement current amongst share- holders about men sleeping on shift, . and stated that it was a standing rule of the mines that any man caught asleep -was sacked without appeal; There- was a shift boss to every 35 / men, and if he could not keep them awake he must be very slow. The same .thing applied to loafing. If . a boss went in six or eight times during a shift and could not tell whether; a man was doing a fair thing, the sooner, that boss was sacked the better. In conclusion, Mr. Cann said Jie believed .-. he was justified in saying that an attempt on unionism was being made ; but in his opinion the directors would . never succeed in crushing it. Let the worst happen-let them be starved into going back on the directors' terms -were they subdued? ("No.") Ex- perience taught differently. He knew a case of a blackleg who after working six months became one of the agitators and a staunch unionists- This ^.ex- perience would be repeatedj'.'and jt would only be a matterof time tilLtKe < directors had to fight iihe same , fight; again. With . every désiré to " con \- ciliate and concede, if necessary, -.'to bring about - a . settlement^.-. if it came to a question of the existence of unionism he would "say.;-_fight'on. (Cheers.) He thanked them -for their patient hearing. (Prolonged ap- plause.) Mr. Sleath' moved aovóte of thanks to Mr. Cann for the^fforts he had made towards obtaining a. settlément. They thanked him for the trouble he had taken, and were convinced that he would do all he could. But if the directors maintained their present attitude he could not see how anything ceuld be effected. The men had already given way too much ; and while anxious for a'settlement, they could not agree 'to ; ' compromise in any way. The directors had broken tho agreement and they : must , be very careful. While they : wfere saying they would not put- on men to work the mines threatening' letters were being Bent to shift bosses ordering them in. The directors were, : in his opinion, trying to ; play a double« game. The men wey« prepared to stand by the agreement and go back to work while the matter went to arbitra-, tion. The Struggle might be long,, but ! he was satisfied thé men would win . in thé long run.1 Mr. Sleath then .referred- to the attitude'of the Minis- try,'which he said had been more ready to, accept the statements of .and act for the benefit of a few share . holders in another, colony than., for: the, . workere. H thèy ^kept ; this attitude , they ought ; to be shifted. He also ' expressèd ' the hope that Mr. Cann would see into thé rifle business when he returned to Sydney... He concluded \- by saying that the men ' wanted '& settlement on fair and equitable terms, \- and if Mr. Cann could get the directors to see that, the thing*was done. Mr. Hum seconded thé motion, which was carried by acclamation, and Mr. Cann having replied, the assemblage gradually dispersed. 