G-BEAI BETTATN" AND AUS TT. SQ^'Ui-N"; ABZLAJDE. S.A.. I2T rarrfmt ttp rr a rv. S"crlan<i'= policy towards the colo nies has chiefly been to let them alone. Even to-day the Engfish papers con frir, more frequent" references to a handkerchief-sized South. American Bepttblie rTrnn io all the great conti nent of Australia- la the latter his tory of tills continent the let-alone policr doubtless *be<n advantage ous : in. the earlier stages it may not have been. Sydney ?Smith. "writing upon Australia in the Edinburgh Re rieic in IS 19, said: "Great indeed must be the natural resources. ana splendid the endowments. of that land, that been able to survive the srsterii of neglect and oppression ex perienced from the Mother Country, and the series of ignorant and absurd i Governors that have been selected for j the administration or its attains.' j The latter remark would not ap-, plv now.- "We have little fault to find I with the men -who are sent out to us " to jrain experience.7* as Lord^Kn-ui ford once in felicitously said. rorgeu rrTirr to add. at tne expense Oi. i.ne Colonies x ~~ indeed, in. any case. the Australian Governor has little more aemaiiv to do "with, the real ^govern ance of the Colony, apart ^ from i^s social concerns, in which he i= supreme. rTp the seaweed has to do .with the changes or the tide- Even now England does little to encourage friendlv relations Australia. e have had our jubilees and our greaL feast dav=. representing important landmarks in our national progress, and yet we have never received the least spontaneous message of rra TprnrJ {vr p2 temal or material^ regard from, the Old C'otmtrv from which we sprang- If. after having been blessed ?with the distinguished services of an Australian statesman for many years, w e confer the title oz "" Honorable upon Ttfm. he is officially told by the Colonial Oince when he goes to Eng land that the Australian "-Honorable" must not be recognised as ox any account. and that in matters oi social ?precetteiLcs lie must way «-Q sonie striplixur ttIiosg only clafrr. to notice in decent society may tea title here ditarilv received through. xavoritism or worse. and quite unworthily wom. In the Colonies a distinguished Aus tralian ma v b^ £- Honorable 3Ir So and-So:71 but -when he goes to I-opj don he is -plain. "3Ir So-and-^o-" How would"Lord :Knutsf»vcd. lise to be told, on arriving in Aus tralia, that we eonM not re cosnise any title comerred in the Old Ccnntry. and that wiillst he was with us he must not presume i.o use [ the "Lord." but answer to "Atr Kuutsforu ' It there intLm be such absurdities as titles, let them all have fair recognition- In the mere com mercial concerns oz borrowing and lending money we have- moreover, had recently so little encouragemenu from England, that at this moment an Austraiianlesislator is seriously pro posing in Parliament that we should send a special agent to toreign coun tries to negotiate loans with them: j and he hps even gone so lar as to sug-1 gest that if England will not assist her; vounsr children upon purely business linesfnot to mention anything merely sentimental- Germany and Ei^ince and the United States^ with the vision of colonising possibilities beiore them, mav supply the need- Nevertheless, the" general tendency in Australia is now in rely upoa our c-ra resources for public works, and as that feeling .rrows. so our independence and self reliance increase. Melbourne J^towA recentlv. after the failure of one of oar loans on the London market, pub lished a cartoon representing the Aus tralian. Kansaroo dressed as a Turk remarking to John BuIL suggestively. If X "want another loan-X will come in these clothes." At the very time when Australian financial. securities were crushed down by your London money syndicates, foreign financial insecurities -were taken in preference. It is all very well to say. Australia is built up by ~Fn money," but it is -only right to add that Eng lish money has always received lull interest and principal as it fell due. Never once has an Australian borrower asked for time or accomo dation, and no talk ox repudiation has ever been seriously heard, whilst -write your Portescues and your Adamses as vehemently as they choose -a forced realisation of our securities would pay exceedingly well- It is, doubtless, a shame that some " wild eat " ?cnfTrfno- companies in Australia, and certain itarior Trusts in. is eir Zealand, are used to allure unwary Kno-Tis"!i investors: but the Australian, people as a class, and Australian. Governments particularly, have no moreio do with these things than the T?ngTfJi Government or the "KngTfA people have to do with the spurious Brummagem, goods often sent out to the Colonies under various names, or with the hoop-iron, razors received sometimes branded as blades of Sheffield sieeL Though it is my regretful conviction, after careful < observation and inquiry in ISew , Zealand, that some or the Harbor Trust loans taken up by English investors iave poor prospects of be ing remunerative investment'?, there is no doubt that when the trusts fiiH the Colonies will take the obligation up : and therefore the Enjrlisli capitalist will be abundantly safe guarded- Xot a penny borrowed in Australasia has been, dissolved in . reorder smoke. Altogether, we realise that England cares little about tis-and. we are content, be cause ottr country is perfectly self-contained, if the -worst comes to the -worst-except as English, cus tomers for British goods. Oar cities point to the presence of an Anglo Anstralian Auxiliary Squadron in our waters as a proof of EngIandTs solici tude/" "We pay equally -with England for the cost or that Squadron, and though -we certainly derive some ad -vantage by the- presence of ships -which may serve to frighten an enemy from, approaching Australia-the enemy should also acknowledge the obliga tion- beeause it is impossible to con ceive anything but lamentable lailtrre resulting from any effort which might be made to invade any of the Colo nies by any iieet -which could come hither. The principal ports are ade quately protected, and if a foreign foe -were to land upon the coast at a tit- other but those principal ports, there would be no available loot, and our peculiirly inhospitable littoral rmrT otnr land forces -would mate him sigh to be safely on board again. "Whilst the sanadron protects Austra lia. in. the way indicated- it must not be forgotten that the volume of Eng lish trade which is protected is infi nitely greater than the volume of Australian trade. This question, however, -wonld never have been raised had it nor been atlduced a^ the reason why we should have a pro found sense of obligation to the Mother Country. Our position rela tively to that country is clearly that of solvent borrower to unwilling lender, of trading firms doing busi ness together. This relation would not be affected, whether we were sepa rated or not. Fair-minded Australians, fancy that the suggestion for real separation will come ; long be its coming deferred!) from the old cotm 1 try. either through, design or by re peating the mistake which c-aused the untimely infusion of certain historical tea in Boston Harbor : and if separa tion should be suggested, it will doubtless be carried out in much the same matter-of-fact. haif-regretfuL hfllf joyfully anticipatory way in which a son or a daughter leaves the parental roof to enter into an already furnished home gradually prepared beforehand. If the necessity arises, we ^T»nTT be glad to be our own money lenders, our own providers, our own manufacturers and our own defenders. But wherefore the necessity xor any change '? And necessity or no neces sitv. t-aTV of "^'Hrino-T-~p^Tn"<l" would be childish if it were not mlschievous. Bhrht- minded people do not hate their respected grandmothers, though they may not like to be eternally chidden by them. "We believe that Australians are right- minded people. Globe-trotting visitors have scoffed as manv of our legislators as " faddists.' while much of our legislation they stigmatise as wild, theoretical, em pirical- It may be that in our new and necessarily heterogenous state ox society some moral scum has come to the top : but the Australian Parlia ments have few TParnells. De Cobains, or Verneys, whilst they include some PTnTne-nt men: of whom Sir Henry Parkes is hardly the chief, either in the fine fripperies ox oratory or in more solid patriotic wort. There are his equals in almost anything except the knowledge of the perfect art of self-advertisement. 2Ir JIurray seems to apprehend danger on account of the fact thai " lofty positions are held bv men much vounger than those in corresponding places in the Old World." ^Australia so exceptional in. this matter 'i Did not Byron .write at IS vears poems which have since become immortal- "Was not C. .T. Pox in the British Parliament at 19 "r was not Gladstone lord or tiie Trea sure- at 24 ? and were not Pitt as Prime ilinister ox in gland, and Napoleon as an Italian military officer, already great figures in his torv at an age when most men are still in their " Universities ? Taking the South Australian Parliament as a tvpe.the average age of xhs members althoxurh 21 is the limit, and although pavment of members should attract vounsr men to politics; is nearly -50 vears in ^ Assembly ox 54 represen tatives,whil£tni the Legis!anve«,ounciL | of 24 members it is more than the "IiVtf century with a limit of 30 yeaxs. The average asces of the Premiers or the Australian Colonies throw the shadow on the dial of the years near the shady side ox 60 years. The apotheosis by ILr Deakin, in Tietoria, asiHinister of the Crownin his 27th year, after having been a prominent member of the Australian Natives Association, is as rare in the Colonies as triplets are in the family circle. The uplifting of ambitious young men at the expense of the quieter srev - beards, in what might naturally be expected in this land of topsy-tuxveydom, where we have besgars in coaches, iEasters ox Arts inttie shepherd's hut and at the diggers puddling tub, and baronets as boot-blacks (very fair boot-blacks thev are too-for amateurs-when they keep away from the drink.) It is. therefore, rather an astonishing fact that the only young men in all Australialwho hold positions of special prominence are those whom the Im perial Government have sent- out to be our Governors. When. Australians claim the right to elect their owe Governors, as they assuredly -wiE do presently, gentlemen, of stall eoni paratively inmianire "gf* excellent gentlemen., as taey are, mil not the sligntesr chance or being chosen by the plebiscite. X doubt whether anysrii^re else than in. Acstralia there is held so tenaciously a belief in tiiat old fallacy that a man's Tinfr ;mrt a mn:5 nonsense must necessarily leave hira together, and that, as theVrtker ing of the potato plant denotes the maturity of the tubers, so tlie ripen ing of Iranian judgment is indicated by tlie blanching of the human beard. Here, parenthetically, X should like to controvert lEr Hurrays statement that parental control has died out altogether." and his reference that voting Australians forget their fathers and "neglect their mothers. Onx criminal' statistics show exrraordi nariiv few cases of neglect of parents, compared with similar statistics in If Ifr Hurray Iiad enter*:-.! have discovered that, tiiough the old and unnatural feeling of filial aire no longer depresses the child, its absence has not involved any sacrifice ut true filial egecnon. Fear and rc-vei-TUce «vm hardly be expected, in this new land, where young Australia iias no opportunity of experiencing the chastening- influence of old traditions having visible representatives in. the forms of ify-wreathed ernmbtfng castles, stately old cathedrals- "West minster Abbeys, and Towers of ion don. "We have not one respectable superstition-not a single -well authenticated family ghost-from Cape York in the North-East even, unto the Letroin in the South-"Wesfc; and if a bogie man" "were to appear amongst us, our smallest boys -would try to catch him. and to sell. Mm for exhibition as a curiosity in some travelling menagerie. For all that, I do not tTifntr that our standard of manliness is one shadow of a cubit lower than that of our grandfathers across the Equator. The truest English, ideals are the truest Austra lian ideals. The type ox English, gentleman instanced by David Christie Murray is surely as amusing to Englishmen as "it is to Austra lians-I mean, that man who,' on account of moral -weaknesses, had sunk so low as to be almost des titute, in spite of his persistent spong ing upon Ms friends, but who.through all his vicissitudes. Ti a d heroically kept his dress suit! Sorely our critic can not seriously regard Ms tenacious possession of that claw-hammer coat as representing a noble trait of charac ter I The heroic man first cadged a ticket for Sir Hurray's lecture; then cadged a cigar; then cadged a glass of champagne. He had. probably been cadging similarly from everybody else who would hearken, to the voice of the cadger: but withal we are led to understand he showed nobility of character-he kept his dress suit 1 If men like this man should iypify the ideal gentilities oi the Old "World, thev are not trpical of the moral standards or ike ^etr. We in. Aus tralia ilr Murray; -would have detected greater nobility or character In the man. if lie had soM his dress suit and helped to support himself witli tlie proceetls.instead of sponging upon his friends, if Ms gentility should dra-w an arbitrary line at honest work. Bat X return to the charge that our legislation, is " fad dist " and empirical. Experimental it certainly is, like all the other con ditions of this country, -whose real potentialities- even our old pioneers do not yet know in. their fulness. "We hare before us problems, physical and otherwise, than -which none more momentous ever confronted Anglo Saxon intellect and energy. It is true that -we have legislators to whom the fleeting applause of the mob is music more ^nr-mnr-fnrr rnnrr rhp voice of conscience : but have -we not read or heard somewhere of an important electoral reform called the Australian, ballot.-of the -wonderful simplifica tion of the process of land transfer called the Heal Property Act.-of a full and entire realisation of demo cratic rights called manhood suffrage, of triumph after triumph -won. over the forces of bigotry called a State aided Church ? Even, in certain de tails of ParTr Am entry procedure the House of Commons has copied the Australian modeL -whence comes the most important form, of the clnture. All these benefieient forms have been inaugurated by people -who have as yei had little leisure from their dig ging and their delving : people beset by the manifold fatigues and risks of the pioneering -work necessary to dis close the stubbornly held secrets of forest matted or saltbush-dotted Land, and by the perplexities of commercial enterprise pressed on beyond the experimental stage of nevr conditions amidst the most harassing and -well nigh baffling fluctuations and uncer tainties. 