THE ANGLICAN SYNOD. The third session of the first Tr[?]ial Synod, and the thirty-eighth annual session of the Synod of the Church of England, in the diocese of Adelaide, was opened in St. Peter's \- Cathedral on Monday, May 16, by afaUoboral service and the leading of the bishop's pasto ral. There was a laige attendance of deny in their surplices as well aa of m«nii?n oftha laity. The musical part of the aarrioe was under the care of Mr. J. M. Dana, organist of the cathedral, and consisted of the rendering by the choir of Martin in A, the anthem beiiur •^Blessed be the God and Father." THB PASTORAL ADDBBSS was delivered by Bishop KENSiONas U&awsi;— My Reverend Brethren and Brethren-of ti? Laity—A change made in the order of t?vpco oeeding? with which our Synod is opened glvas too all opportunity of addressing you in the House of God, aa well as in the presenoe of other membeE? of the Church. There mco advantages in the adopted plan. In the firs* place, the fact of the address being delivered1 in the Cathedral, as indeed was customarr in the episcopal of my reverend predecessor, although then in the morning horns of the day, helps us to realise how entirely the value of our Synodal action is dependent upon our acting in aooordanoe with God's w3l in what we say and do, and helps to impress upon us the polnmn responsibility of working in any sense for God and His Church, aad the neces sity of our constant prayer for the assistance and guidance of the Holy Ghost. The business character of much of our Synodal work, the necessary rapidity with which wa have to endeavor to accomplish it, and tie very nature of the discussions that take place, all combine, as is frequently the oase in these days of oonoQiar action, to driva from our minds the recollection that it is to do the LordVs work that we are met together, and that it is in proportion as we realise His pre sence among us and strive to disohuge our duties with the mind of Christ animating us, that our Synodal work will result in any true edification of the Church. To this aim the solemn beauty of the service and the sacred associations of the place seem to summon us ; and in the second place, through our thus gathering in the Cathedral in the evening, and not only .in the morning hoars, it beoomes possible for many Church people besides the members of the Synod to be present, and this is a gain to us and to them. To us, for it helps us to realise their sympathy. To them, for it should help to kindle in them a greater esprit de corps. No one win doubt that what our Church people as a whale need most is a sense that God has given them a great heritage and a great trust. If their hearts but glowed with the sense of His indwelling presence, if they but grasped what is involved in the idea of Churchmanship in the belief that Christ has founded a kingdom, of whioh they are truly a branch and apart, then the lukewarmnees would give place to fervent zeal, the difficulties that attend our work would in no small measure disappear, and the Church would soon be felt to be a power in our land, regenerating it and making its life throb with noble impulses. Many changes have taken place f^'wtiflg our Church life in this Hirwvmc during (he past year. But for the most part these.wuTbe spoken of in the statistical report I shall have to lay before Synod to-morrow. Some losses to I the Church at large I must, liowever, at least allude to this evening. In the death of the lamented Duke of Clarence the whole empire has suffered a loss, and the whole empire mourns with our Queen and with the afflicted parents, and with the bright and good princess whom the prince was about to bad to the altar. It has become increasingly evident that the loss to the nation is a real one, and that the character that was somewhat elowly shaping itself {promised a very noble maturity. Much, to my —"nd, unnecessary umbrage was taken by some persons at the character of the solemn memorial service held in this Cathedral Church. That fault «*fnl^ be found because the Queen's repre?entativa attended in a ?n«fraa «nimw«r a memorial ser vice held in the Church of whioh the prince was a zealous member, and to whioh the Queen herself belongs, is an affectation of zeal for liberty which could only have been justified by that liberty of which the colonies boast being in any way infringed upon. Had the prince belonged to some other dpnnminatinn it would have possibly been tight for the Queen's representative to have attended a wnfflniyrisl service at a church of that denomi nation : but to say that the Governor of the colony in which there is no Established Church is not to be permitted as the Queen's icpiusmi tative to attend a memorial service for one of the Boyal Princes, held in the Church of whioh the prince was a member, and held, as in this case, in the very building in Adelaide in which the lamented prince worshipped when on his visit to the colonies, is in itself an attempt to restrict liberty which comes with ill gnoafrom those whoprofess tolbe acting with a view to guard it from encroachments. Only last year I was speaking to you of the translation from the Bishopric of Peterborough to the Archbishopric of York of the brilliant, Bagarionp, and able Dr. Magee. This year wa have fo mark our sense of the very deep los the Church has sustained in his death. Ho was but a few months archbishop. Like a meteor he swept across the northern sky, as it was well said, but no sooner had men caught the vision of brightness than it passed from them. Kb more eloquent son of the Church or, I believe I may say, of the State, has been known in our generation. This has at least been said of him by one of England's foremost statesmen. It was my privilege to hear in 1869 his magnificent speech in the House of Lords on the disestablishment of the Irish Church. The scene was remarkable. The House was crowded. Friend and foe sat alike entranced with the extraordinary elo quence. At the close of the speech the whole House rose and cheered him, and it wassoma time before the House could settle again to business. He has been suooeeded in tits archbishopric by the well-known and much beloved Bishop Of liirihfifM, whose nAmnnm. tsation of his diocese has been most wise «""* energetic, and whose rule as archbishop will be, we trust, much blessed to the whole Church, In the late Bishop of Carlisle, best known as Harvey Goodwin, the Church and Christianity generally have lost a notable champion. As a wise counsellor, a faithful friend, an -earnest Churchman, he has left many mourners. As one of the foremost mathematicians of theday he had made his mark in winning the highest prizes Cambridge offered, and in taming his knowledge to good account in the assistance of others. His life was a valuable evidence of the true harmony between religion and sdenoe. That he should be specially invited to preach the funeral sermon of Irancis Darwin is an illustration worth the remembering of tha fact that faith and science are not so in opposition as some would regard them. Bishop Goodwin consecrated all his gifts to his Master's service, and by wise reasoning built up many souls in the faith, and both in his administration of his diocese and his work for the Church at large he has left a gap not easily filled. The Church house in Westminster which he originated will ever be associated with his name. For the loss of Oardinal 'M'i*TTT?ng sad He. Spurgeon the whole Church is the poorer; bat the former has left a noble example of the service of God in the service of man, and the latter has made many a mind aHover the world stop and think about a future beyond the grave, and many a heart glow with the love of the Saviour when he loved to preach. lam glad that at home at any rate a growing and true religious tolerance makes it p^—sM«? to epeak warmly of per?orm from whom religions differences may separate us. Such nugiooa tolerance is in no sense to be miHtalnan for in differenti?m, or to be confounded with un denominationalism. In opposition, indeed, to the latter, co far from "einting religious dif ferences," ac the phrase goes, it implies the holding firmly to one's own principles while learning to respect other people for hold ing theirs; whereas the inwiamtmi^B^;^^..!. iem of which one hears so much eaid, and which seems to have its re presentation in certain lather considerable modes of Christian work out here, is a very one-sided amngement so far as Epucopauan? are concerned. For the whole theory of the majority of non-Episcopalian denominations can be practically satisfied with the teaching given, aay, in the Young Men's Christian Association ; whereas, to speak only of our selves, such "teaching means the whole Bur. render of those'principles of the Divine Society which constitute the essence of our ohnrohman ehip and the practical acceptance of a new basis of religion in die place of that to which vrebold. Bishop Philips Brooks once preashed a very valuable sermon on religions tolerance, in which he vindicated its true position, point ing out that although the first firm religious convictions in a man might be evidenced by intolerance, yet as his spirituality deepened and the grip on troth grew firmer he would become more tolerant of others whose view of truth was different. liet 03 trust that this stage may speedily be reached in South Aus tralia. The death of the Bishop of Goulbnm—the second ODly of Australian bishops whose body has been laid to rest in the diocese they eerred —has removed bom the bench of bishops an earnest God-fearing man of oourtly manners, for whom we all had an affectionate regard. however much his views on eodemastioal matters might differ from those of hiB brother bishopa. With his widow we must all feel, and I should like here to express, the deepest sym pathy. We shall watch with interest the steps taken to fill the vacant ccc. During last year, too, we have lost from among us, and most deeply lament the late veil-known intellectual and warm-hearted bishop's vicar in the cathedral ohuroh. and more recently incumbent of St. Oathbert'a, Proepeot—Dr. Dendy. With his witty and ready understanding he was • true sympa thiser with those who tamed to him fb^ counsel or oomfort, and his vigor and bright ness are much missed. _ The standard of reverenoe and order and beauty in the SBrriow ana mainteojoeot ttus vfttfmnk «fauh w? Eiiive to rrcserve, is in !ar;>:r measure Jue to tie late Dr. Dendy than many persons are aware of. lam thankful to have been able to niin^:er to him during the last hours of his life ...n earth. In our Synod roll of laymen gaps are laiised by the death of Mr. Moulden, and it was very interesting to notice how Mr. Mculdenis character mellowed as the yeira passed by. For long he had been a member of Sjnod, and had taken.in earlier days a promi nent part in stormy discussions. In later yeais be took a larger view of matters, and I believe the establishment of a day school at Sb. Bartholomew's was mainly bis enterprise. In Mr. C. B. Mitchell also we have lost a worthy and useful member of Synod. The year just ended was marked by the quinquennial session of the .General Synod. If to us who live at a distance from Sydney the loss cf time from our work hero and the cost involved in its attendance seems considerable, yet undoubtedly the church as a whole in Aus tralia and Tasmania?gains through the Synod being held. It helps us to realise our coherence together, it enables us to strengthen one another's hands for our common work, it brings to the front our most capable men, and it emphasises the fact that the true unit in all Church work is the .diocese and not the parish. It was a remark of the late Mr. Gilmore {a man whom I could not but admire, though he said many things with which I coidd not agree) that the Church of England o Jt here seemed to bnsy itself only with its own oreinisations. I have often pondered over it and I think he was right, but I do not upon the whole think v?e are wrong. For om organisation carries with it far more than one cuteide it would suppose. Id involves the harmonious working of onr ecclesiastical machinery and the continuous extension of out work. It means the provision wherever oar funds admit of (what we regard as) a duly qualified ministry, and therewith all the tpiritual work and care for the sick and suffer ing, which undoubtedly accompany it. It thus ttus tcortupon the real settlement of the country districts than is commonly recognised. In South Australia the Church of England may not be so much in possession as elsewhere, but jet from, the lowest point of view her influence if of distinct value to the State in assisting to attach her people to the locality which forme their home. It is probably true that the Church of England is not to the fore in s-ceial movements in this colony. But Ido el t know that her work is the less valuable in consequence, and probably, on the principle j.c cuter ultra crcpidavi, her duty and her wisdom is to be concerned with her own t pedal work. Should occasion arise for 3 new departure in her work, her present efforts will not have been found an unfitting preparation. So the fsct that the General Synod occupied itself chiefly with matters of organisation is from our point of view not to be regretted. A noble sermon on the boundless possibilities before us if we are only true to our mission was preached by the Bishop of Tasmania. The primate, too, rose to the occasion in his opening address. Some whose place is no longer among us were sadly missed, notable among these was the late Bishop of Newcastle, of whose health, however, we are thankful to hear encouraging reports. Some members of the Synod, however, have on this occasion made their mark, and have shown themselves to be men who can be depended upon to give weight and purpose to the deliberations of the Synod in which they share. Our own repre i-t-ntatives worthily maintained their re putation, and our diocese, and, indeed, the whole Church is indebted to them. The sis determinations which were passed will be laid before you for discussion, and I hope your acceptance. I do not now dwell upon them in detail, for that there will be oppor tunity afterwards. Yet, in outline at least, I must touch upon the principles concerned in tome of them. The first one is on the thorny question of the primacy. It fell to me to hare tome Ehare in the long deliberations -which were held on the subject. The motion of which I had given notice involved the cessa tion of the necessary connection of the primacy with toe See of Sydney. As it happened, however, a motion of Archdeacon Cooper for a committee to report during the current session upon the old determination which dealt with the primacy took precedence of mine, and I had to serve upon and lay my views before the committee. The retort which that committee brought up seemed to commend itself to nearly all the representa tives, excepting those of the Diocese of Sydney. To satisfy them (though I fear it did not) a finality clause providing for the selection of the Primate end Bishop of Sydney by certain responsible persons at home, should it be found impossible within a fixed time to obtain con c?rrent majorities of the bishops and of the Sydney Election Committee, was abandoned. The determination now provides that the bishops and the diocese of Sydney, through its ttlected committee, shall have an equal voice 5n the election. Thus the interests of the bishops in the choice of their primate, as well as the interests of the diocese of Sydney in the choice of their bishop are preserved. The weak point in the arrangement is the want of some provision against an endless succession of fruit lt*E nominations. But we must trust to wise counsels prevailing among the Sydney com mittee should euch committee have to act. At any rate the proposed determination is a great improvement upon the existing one. I trust iti msy be accepted in the Sydney diocese; there is little doubt about its being accepted every where else. A determination providing Amended rule 3 fcr the trial of bishops for certain offences was very ably carried through the General Synod by Canon Green. It is well that such rules should be carefully framed and form part of our constitution, though we may well pray God that no occasion for their value being tetted may ever arise. Determination VL, which lay? down rules to provide for the case ct a- bishop mentally incapable of administer ing his diocese, has been framed in consequence of a sad proof we had of their need. Nodoubb the diocese wQI be content to accept both these last-named determination, though the rules in each case should be carefully fiTftroinfd before a vote is given. Determination IV., which yon will be asked to accept, provides roles for the appointment of assistant bishops. It will be in your recollection, that last year in my Synodal address I brought under your notice a proposed canon of the *™-" can Church dealing with this subject, and our determination is practically based upon that canon. Two or three only of our number were aware of my object in bring ing this subject before you last year. I then had hopes, which it has pleased Ucd should not be ftrtflllpfl, that my dear friend, Bishop Selwyn, forbidden as he was by medical advice to continue his nobto work in Mela^ seEJa, would have been able, as he was most willing to lire in the climate of South Aus tralia and share my work. Six months ago, however, I heard from him that this was oon- Eidered by Sir James Paget impossible. To many of you who now learn how nearly we were gaining the invaluable «mn«*«i~ of one ■whom you all so rightly hold in high estima tion this will be a disappointment, though you will be thankful to know that improvement in Bishop Selwyn's health has taken place. Some criticism has been occasionally made np3n this determination. Why not divide the over large dioceses, and thus have an increase of diocesan bishops? Surely with new centres of anyTlltTicftr*tion there would come a quickening of the spiritual life, both in the part newly separated off and alto, through the greater concentration of the bishop's work, in the part which remains. This is undoubtedly an enticing argument. But I bear in mind some wise words of coan3el given by the Archbishop of Canterbury in a sermon preached before the Lambeth Con ference in 1888 against multiplying weak centres. And I fear it is just in these very dioceses, which are most unwieldy in size, that the difficulty would be found of creating weak and not strong centres were the suggested divisions of Sees to be made. There would be, for instance, a great difficulty in retaining the clergy in such new dioceses. There would be a continuous gravitation of them after a few years' service towards the larger and stronger centres of work, and thus upon the poorer diocese would be thrown the burden of con tinually having to provide new men, and that without toe bopeof ultimately retaining them. The arrangement in this determination would pive all the opportunity of more thorough Episcopal oversight of any one or more por tions of the diocese and would lessen the frequent distant journeys of the Hinwum, and so eet him more free for work in the most thickly populated districts; while at the same time the various diocesan funds would be as much available as beforehand for the clergy in the whole diocese, and the power of moving them f ?om work tinder very severe conditions to pleaeanter spheres of duty would not be terminated. I do not know that at present the provision of an assistant bishop tor this diooese lies within the range of practical politics. But I think I may cay that the work a bishop of this diocese couM do would be more than doubled in value were Bitch an assistant bishop found to work with him. A very important subject will also os brought before you in a determination dealing with the proposed estabushmentof a College of Theology. We are indebted in chief measure to Canon Chalmers, of Melbourne, for the very carefully framed rules that have been ac cepted by the General Synod. I say this is a very important subject, for we live in an age when old truths are rehabilitating themselves —an age in which many persons whose religious opinions have been lighdy formed are receiving rude shocks which they too often find irre ftiEtible. Men whose theological knowledge consists merely in a superficial smattering of theories gained here, or Hi-arranged facts gathered there, are found hardly capable of rt^i-ting the force of the stream of tfae criti t]~Ti.i or the day; and so they have to stand aside ?s it sweeps by them carrying down with it main? of their fiock. Such men, however earnest their lives or eloquent their language, are incapable cf so 'grasping and presenting truth to 'the .deepest thinkers among their people *b to coavnjcf.them.aad uphold them amid the sr.rf:r.g wav« 9of dcuht. To hold the old truthe lirmly and yet present them with . the facts so turned that in the modern light they shall glow wiili undimmed, nay, with j increased effulgence, requires the steady dis- i cipline of painstaking and thoughtful study. , The clerpy of the Church of England have fcho reputation of being the most learned in Chris tendom. I know net whether we in Australia can be said (as a whole) to maintain such a reputation, but gladly do I hail the proposals of this determination, as affording a stimulus to etody, a standard to be aimed at, and an opportunity for many of our number of gradually working themselves to a theologies! position abreast of the questions of the day. The last of the determinations—the fifth in number—refers to the constitution of the Board of Missions. One important feature in this is the appointment of an organising secretary, whose duty it will be to travel through Australia and Tasmania and endea vour to kindle a greater zeal than I fear at pre sent exists on behalf of foreign missions. Your own intimate knowledge of the gentleman who has- received this appointment should make his work a pleasant one at least in this diocese. In some respects a few of the Australian dioceses (perhaps our own among the number) may be themselves regarded as missionary dioceses; at least, we have the constant duty of ever en deavoring to enlarge our borders and enter upon fresh fields of work. But the diocese that does most for others is always the moat blessed in return, and the sympathy that is exercised towards the Melanesian, the New Guinea native, or our own 'aboriginals will bring its own reward in the quickened interest we shall have in the work of the whole of God's Church and in the extension of oar Redeemer's kingdom. The question of the expediency of re ducing the age of candidates for deacons'orders from 23 to 21 was remitted, you will remem ber, by yourselves to the General Synod, and it fell to me to bring the matter forward. It was referred to & committee, which is to report to the next General Synod. There is a good deal to be said on both sides of the question, in which expediency rather than prirciple is concerned. But I must honestly confess that the more I studied the subject and as I listened to the arguments brought against it, the less desirous did I feel that any change Ehould take place except in the direction of lengthening the period required for serving in the diaconate. In what was, perhaps, the ablest speech made during the session Canon Chalmers brought forward, and in part carried resolutions affirming that the "terms of the oath of allegiance required to be taken at the consecration of bishops and set forth in the ordinal are appropriate only to the relations of a bishop to the Metropolitan of his own province," &a;, the gist of the resolution or series of resolutions being that the oath of allegiance to the Archbishop of Canterbury ought not to be taken by any Metropolitan, in Australia or elsewhere on the ground that he is himself a Metro politan, nor by any other bishops in Australia who ought to take it to their own Metropolitan. There can be no doubt the principle contended for is-a right one, both on the ground of true Church order and also of common sense. For however attractive may be the idea of a bond, thus affiliating colonial churches to the prima tialsee of the mother cotmtry.it remains an idea and nothing more. There is no power of compelling obediense, and the link becomes a fictitious one; and as such the sooner it is aban doned the better. Mere ornamental rigging in a £h;p becomes a serious encumbrance in a Etonn. I say this with every desire to keep up the closest connection with the Church at home. Such a policy is, I am sure, for reasons which last year I brought before you, a right one, but the union needs to be maintained by other links than an oath of canonical obedience which could have so legal force. Suppose, for instance, our Primate, or other bishop, who had taken the oath of allegiance to Canterbury, were to be guilty of some extraordinary heresy, would it be through the Archbishop of Canter bury's court that proceedings would have to be taken? It is plain that our own de terminations of General Synod or the funda mental regulations of the diocese would guide the course to be followed, and the oath to Canterbury would, I think, remain a dead letter. In the discussion which took place there was a decided desire on the part of some that a patriarchate of Canterbury should exist in reality, and indeed there is much to be said on behalf of it, for our relation to the mother Church needs far clearer definition; but nothing should be done which could interfere with the autonomy of the Church in thi3 group of provinces. A resolution was passed by which a select committee was appointed to carefully consider and report to the nest session on the subject of Church unity, or, to use a better known name, home reunion. lam becoming increasingly convinced that the less this movement is forced on the more sure it is to come about, and that, too, upon the lines laid down by the last liambeth Conference, of which you have fre-' quentiy heard. _ 'Undoubtedly to those who belong to bodies of Christians that have separated from the Church the crux in the programme is the necessary acceptance of the historic episcopate. On the other three points —the Creeds, the two sacraments instituted by our Blessed Lord, and the canon of Holy Scripture, there does not appear to be any insurmountable diffi culty. 2Cbr will there be eventually (so X believe), however long a period may be required before the point is fully understood, any so great difficulty as is now supposed on the momentous question of the Episcopate, Take, for instance, these words of the most prominent of modern Wesleyas Methodists, the Bey. Price Hughes':—" Personally I have no objection to an Episcopalian system. On the contrary, I believe that history has demon strated that it is the best I hold with. Bishop Idghtfoot that some form, of Episco pacy was probably established before the death of the Apostle John, and all through the ages the Episcopal system his proved its efficiency, especially for aggressive purposea." Or study, for instance, an article in the Westminster Bcdeie, a prominent Nonoon f onnist quarterly serial, on Bishop Lightf oob's great work on the Ignatian Epistles, and you cannot help noticing the changed tone which is to be observed among the less preju diced and more thoughtful non-Episcopalians since that remarkahl? book was published. I do not, of comae, venture to Bay that all de nominations will everywhere come to regard the question in the same manner as we do, or even to accept the most modified form of episcopacy. .But as time'goes on these will realise more and more the truth of the fact that "unity" and "catholicity" must form two of the notes of the true Church, and they will be led to see how of old these "notes" were guarded, and to seek how they may now j bexeoovered. I humbly venture to think that this must have been the reason why Bishop loghtfoot—undoubtedly the chief of the i Bihhcaljcommentators of our age—was induced to spend so many years of his life in eluci dating the fame case as to the Ignatian Epistles. But while those that have been vindicated as genuine establish beyond doubt ] the recognised position of the bishop in the ' Eub-apostolic age, it is well to bear in mind the It is as the guarantee of unity and order that, the episcopate is insisted upon. It is not episcopacy with twelfth-century ideas read into it; it is not episcopacy with all the entourage of palatial residences. Still less is it the episcopacy of the four horses and powdered footmen character of a lately -bygone age; bat it is as the harp -with the strings vibrating with the resonance of common prayer, common praise, and common counsel that the bishop and his presbyters and ' deacons are represented; and who can say bow great would be the victories of faith were Euch a unity to exist among T^tigiiah-Bpoalririgr Christians? There are those who, combatting any 'statement of episcopacy bsing "die historic backbone of the Church," love rather to dwell on the fact that there are gaps in the historical accounts especially in parts of the second century, in which they say any theory of a continuous apostolic succession breaks down. But if (to borrow a metaphor which some one once used) I can see a. railway track of given gauge enter a tunnel's mouth, and find the same gauge continued at the other end of it, it is a fair presumption that the rails have been continuous and the gauge uniform even where unseen in the tunnel—and the more does it appear a fair ground of reason ing if I can see a train enter the tunnel and continue to travel on the rails when emerging at die other tnd. The illustration points its own moral, and I need not press it further. Time under God's grace can alone heal the wounds which divi sions and separations have caused the Church. I deprecate haste, and above all I deprecate newspaper correspondence. Meanwhile prayer and study of the question, and, when the time is ripe, counsel are our proper resort. Leaving now matters which came before the General Synod I address myself to subjects which peculiarly concern ourselves. The first of these is the claim that has bsen ERade for the representation in Synod of mis sion incumbencies. lam sorry to gather from a memorandum which has been sent tome from one of the northern townships, and which was I see also published in the daily press, that considerable soreness of feeling prevails because some arrangement had not been made which would have given this and other township 3 the representation they desired. But the fact is that provision is made in our fundamental pro visions for the formation of any of oar mission districts into settled incumbencies, and for their representation in Synod, only this has to be done in a certain prescribed mode. Whether it would be better to alter that mode or not is a question open to argument, and I would gladly encourage argument upon a motion duly brought forward. Last year, you will re member, we were placed in a somewhat awk ward position by the pressure put upon us to accept a report, somewhat hastily drawn up, in order that a. gentleman for whom I have the very highest regard'and respectjmight take his eegt as a duly-qualified representative, The ' report was not accepted, for the proper re quirementa had not been fulfilled, and hence the feeling of soreness, -which has been intensi fied by [the standing committee subsequently expressing itself unable to accept) a report (perhaps the same one) which was drawn up at a. later period ~oi the proceedings of the last session. Xow it has to be remembered that our districts or parishes fall into two or more groups. There is first of all the mission dis trict, which is the most rudimentary stige of our work, in which the clergy working are mainly dependent upon the grants of the Bishops' Home Mission Society. Then, secondly, as the work in the district takes a more permanent shape, and the places in it are served with regularity and are able to con tribute a fixed amount to the stipend of their priest, a mission incumbency is formed and the local contributions are supplemented by the Bishops' Home Mission Society. Up to this point the district i 3 not entitled to representation in Synod, and the patronage in virtue of the district" being Jstill in the mission stage rests with the bishop solely. But the third stage marks a change. When the members of the Church in the mission .iccumbency are able to provide a sufficient stipend for thair clergyman, so that they need be no longer dependent upon the Home Mission Society's funds, they can then apply to the Synod for due recognition, and if the amount of stipend is considered satisfactory they can place themselves under the model trust deed, elect, if they desire it, their own patronage committee, and send their repre sentatives to Synod. They will then for fifteen years be placed upon the grant-in-aid list, and be thus enabled to accumulate for themselves an endowment which would be perpetually secured to their parish. We are" naturally anxious to see our incumbencies reach the third stage, and almost the only in ducement to pass into it which wo can offer them is the promise of representation in Synod. If this is conceded at an earlier period I fear we shall have some incumbencies still lingering in the mission condition who ought to advance'to a more' permanent position. I hope I have made the matter clear. But it is quite possible yon may see faults in the existing arrangement and desire to have them altered. By all means let us make all the improvements we can. .But it is scarcely fair to find fault with the administration of the regulations',, because the* regulations them selves do not in every case meet with approval. I have often thought, apropos to this subject, that a completely new division of our cores and a [new nomenclature would be advisable, both with a vtevr to simplifying arrangements and to holding ont prospect of preferment to our clergy. Borrowing the name from. America, and not from England, where it connotes different ideas, I should like to see the term rectory employed for our most important .cures, taking care that the term should be used only for such cures as have one and not more tlian one consecrated parish church, and are provided with pirsonage (or rectory) and schools, and the income of which should exceed a defined figure; then, next, all those cures which have passed from the mission stage, but which either from their being formed of a group of churches, or from their being unable to raise the amount of required income, cannot be termed rectories, should have the name of in cumbency restricted to them. The name of incumbent, although hardly euphonious, is at least honorable. Qui incumljit opsri is I suppose its meaning. Perhaps the use of the words vicar and vicarages might be preferred. Then mission districts, served by mission priests, and assisted by the 8.H.M.5., would be a third clear division of work, and from these the n""!^"" priests would look for pro motion to the incumbency or vicarage, and subsequently to the "rectory. I would also gladly see, if it commends itself to you, a change in onr system of patronage. Perhaps it must necessarily remain with the bishop to appoint to any work which is in the mission stage—but for all ordinary cures of souls, ex cepting such as are under some trust deed which is unalterable, I should gladly see a patronage committee formed of the following pattern (I learned the principle of it in Ire land):—That at each. Synod a small board of patrons not exceeding say five should be elected, and that at every Easter vestry a similar number should be elected for each parish to be brought under the operation of the board; and that in the case of a .vacancy that the ten persons sit together, or an oquiva. lent number representing each interest, and the bishop to preside. I wink in this way you would have a guarantee that the most suitable man would be appointed, and not merely the man who happens to be locally known but by no means the best to appoint. Akin to these last-named subjects is that of our Church of England Endowment Society. It has been discussed in previous sessions of Synod;almost ad nauseam. Now the long talked-of Act of Parliament has been obtained, and it rests with us Churchmen by our actions rather than by onr words to give this valuable society an impetus and a vitality that shall make its usefulness felt everywhere. I think its principles of operation are admirable. It helps extremely liberally those parishes which help themselves. But you know that by the Act there must be at least 30 subscribing members to enable the subscribers to elect their director on the board, and that a meeting should be held in May each year to promote and make public the work of the board. I sincerely trust you will endeavor to support the board at tins important era in its history with some zeaL It will make all the difference, I believe, to its future success if at the present time it receives general support. Our board of education will lay before you a highly satisfactory report of its work in the last year. Its expected fall through the intro duction of free education has been turned into its -very (by some) unexpected rise. There can be little doubt, I think, that we have now an opportunity, if we have the courage to seize it, of making a distinct advance in .the number and wellbeing of our Church of England day schools. As. tune has passed by I must confess I had become less and lees hopefal about the introduction of religions teaching into oar State schools; and still less hopefal that our State school teachers would receive any suitable training for imparting religious knowledge, or that there would be any guarantee of their being the right persons to impart it. The analogy of the English Board School system breaks down in two im portant particulars. It has to be remembered that side by side with the Board schools stands a more important factor in the primary educa tion in England. Fora while in the year 1890 (the last for which I have returns) there ware on the registers of the Board schools 1,892,317 scholars; there were on the register of the Church of England or National schools 2,171,120; besides these there are also in the British and {Foreign Societies' schools 330,540 scholars, in the Wesleyan 174,939, in the •Rongji Catholic 256,594, all of whom were receiving regular religions education. To compete with these (a striking evidence of the real desire of the majority of the parents) the school boards are practically obliged to give such religions instructions 'as the Educa tion Act permits. Close the Church and other voluntary dayschools in Eng land, and I believe the result would be much the same as it has been here, viz., that the?oard'schools, having no competitors, would cease to be places where any religious instruc tion would be "given. IHere, by the formation of our Church schools—heavily handicapped as we are by the Free Education Act and our receiving no grant in aid of our work—we are still doing something to prove that the parents desire religious education; but until our system is very largely developed we cannot expect it to have any effect on the State system. The other point in which the analogy fails is that nearly all the training colleges for teachers in England have been founded by religious bodies, mostly by the Church of England. As the Board school teachers in nearly every case have passed through these, in which religious instruction and the art of giving it form a most important part of the curriculum, they are as a rule proper par sons to be entrusted with the sacral duty of giving religious teaching to fihiiflrijin. Here of course at present there is no such preparation for State} school teachers. It is plain enough therefore that if we want onr children taught upon a religious b&sis; of education we must do the work for ourselves. The Roman Catholics—all honor to them for it—do this, and we ought to be ready to make equal personal sacrifices. Most earnestly, therefore, do I call upon my fellow-Churchmen to stand together with me at this important juncture, and do their best to promote our Church dayschools, and thus secure religions education for some at any rate of our children. I have received, I dare cay in common with. many of you, a circular inviting me to become a member of an Anti-gambling .League. I am quite at one with those who desire to cheek the vastly increased spirit of gambling. A valu able report upon the subject presented by the Northern Convocation of England, based upon evidence gathered from die clergy, the mayors of large towns, the chief constables, and governors of gaols, shows that in England it is increasing to a somewhat alarming extent. It is clear that in a very large number of cases it has become a source of a crime, and it is equally clear that it produces a serious loss of moral tone. In England it is said to be the ruin of many English sports. From what lam in formed here I am inclined to believe that since the introduction of the totalizator the habit of gambling among both men and boys has largely increased. But lamby no means, with the premotexs*of this league in HimlnVg that they are taking a wise step in forming it. Gambling is not the only serious evil, and pic tnre to yourselves the misery of life if a league were to be formed for the suppression of each form of vice that one would.gladly see sup pressed. The multitude of leagues to which one iroald cave to be attached in order to be regarded as a respected member of society would be co great that there would be a posi tive risk of some hypocrite' (who could hardly . be suppressed,by. even an aata-hypscricical leaguej-joiniug iniitt save the one that nindered hhz iixm tis.favorite indulgence,,and coaa pounding for his neglect to join that one by ex hibiting the number of badges of the leagues to which he belonged. No, surely the right way to overcome the evil is to teach and to do the good. Teach men their property is a trust from God, and they have no right to squander it when so much needs to be done with it. Teach men more of the Royal law—" to love their neighbors as themselves," and that to get the advantage of your neighbors by sharp dealing, whether on the racecourse, the Stock Exchange, or behind the counter of a country store, is equally a breach ot that law. Teach men that a nobler excitement than that of the hope of gain through the "purchase of chances" may be found in the unselfish desire to do some good for those who need it Teach boye and men that in manly sports the honor of the old laurel wreath, or even the modern medal is more to be desired than the stakes or the gate money. Teach men above all, whether they work or whether they play, or whatsoever they do, to do all to the glory of God, and you will have done far more to check the evil spirit of gambling than by the forma tion of any_ V.M.C.A. league, which would, I fear, only include those who have no disposi tion towards the evil it is formed to check. I have too long trespassed on your time. I close with but a remark or two on the progress of the building of the Cathedral. If this were to be considered as less than a diocesan object I should not mention it, but you all have, or should have, your interest in it. That funds are needed for the completion goes without saying. There have been no great additions to our building fund this year, and we are very far from having enough promised to us to enable the roof to be reached. It would not be a suitable time to ask for very large contribu tions, but I am inviting a golden offering from as many persons as possible to be made on, or in the octave of. St. Peter's Day, Jane 29. I think I may fairly ask that such aa offering may be sent from every parish. Indeed, it would not be much to ask the same from every township and Church Sunday school. I venture to make this request; I hops you will give effect to it. The cathedral of the diocese should be the model and the evidence of our worship. Its erection is valueless if it be nob for the glory of God, but if it be to set forth His name and praise; if it be the outward ex pression of the genuine homage of our hearts; if it be the centre and sphere of our united worship, then surely it is due from us that we each give of our best, content to make a sacrifice that thereby we may the better glorify our Father which is in Heaven. To-night, how ever, onr offertory is for another purpose. Yon are asked to look wider afield. You axe asked to assist our brother Churchmen in Brisbane in their great undertaking of estab lishing another diocese in Australia. Ijet us cheer their hearts by some tangible proof of our sympathy. We shall ourselves be twice blessed by giving—blessed in the fast that we are doing what is most practicable in the ex tension of the work of the Church, and blessed in the increased interest with which, when taking a larger outlook into the growth of the Church outside our colony, we shall address ourselves to our own work in the SynoJ, and on behalf of our own In that •work may God grant us each and all the guidance of th 3 Holy Ghost May He grant us patience, diligence, and an unfailing faith; and so far as it may tend to the increase of THs glory may He prosper our handiwork. 