CHAPTER IV. HIS SECRET. It is a woman's instinet to suffer in silence. The power to do so comes betimes to thorn, and to Gladdys Halby, over whose head twenty summers had barely passed, it came in duo time. Mr. Helby noticed her pale check and too suspiciously rod oyos. What was. tho, matter? Nothing—a little headache. The day had hem very sultry—she would hb all right after n good night’s sleep. Mr. Holby was in ignorance of Mr. Swuyno's in tended departure, for tho note written to tell him of it still rested in Jasper Swayno’u pookot. Gladdys went to bod early, leaving tho room with a smile on her white lips, all to deceive her father. No Bed Indian at tho stake suffers more stoically than does your young girl of tho present century. But in her pwn room she spent the night watches, at first in utter prostration and misery, and then in a troubled sloop .that was only a pro longation of her waking unhappiness. Mr. Heihy generally . spent much time in reading or writing till very late in tho night, or rather up to an early hour in tho morn r lug. Saving and prudent in all other things, bo was exlrnvhgint in tho matter of books. New improvements in scientific matters, the researches of tho wise men into the Un seen World, tho discussions of learned doc* tors at homo and abroad—those things kept him awake when tho other inhabitants of Groystonos with few exceptions, wore snoring comfortably in their beds. Every man has a hobby, add perhaps it was well for Mr. Hclby that his was ono which kept bis quiet lifo from, stagnation. It' is long after midnight. Tho Cliff House is very quiet now. Gladdys .has fallen asleep with wot eyes, and an ex pression of almost childish sadness on her, young face. Mr. Helby sits alone in his study, a thin pamphlet in his hand. Tho light from his reading-lamp falls on the. gravel without, for Groystonos is a very honest place, and burglars are things un known, and shutters are more for ornament; 'than for use. Ht is deeply interested in, reading about tho pleasant and profitable ex periments made to find out how long lifo can bo kept up after tho , greater portion of kho brain has been removed, when a stop sound ing on tbo gravel, a knock at the door, arrests his attention. More than onco have sick people sent for him at night, having heard that though, ho did not call himself “ Doctor,” ho had a right to do so, and in such cases he had obeyed tho call, taking no fee, however. It was with the conviction that some application of a like nature was being made that ho gently left the study, and os gently opened the door, to (Ind that it was Jasper Swayno who stood there. “Mr. S.vaynol” said tho old gentleman; “eomo in, pray, and don’t make a noise, please. Everybody is asleep but myself.” Jasper Swayno walked into tho study, fol lowed by Mr, Hclby, who was greatly as tonished at so.untimely a visit. It needed hut one glance at his guest’s face to toll him that something was the matter; and Mr. Hclby seated lumself in his groat chair, and wailed till Mr. Swayno should apeak, and give some reason for calling when every sen sible body was at home, if not actually in hod. “ You look surprised,” said tho latter, “and perhaps I ought not to have come hero; but I couliKnot leave without seeing you." “ Leave wlmt? Are your going?” “Did Gladdys—did your daughter say any thing to you about me?” “Certainly not; why so?” “ Ltccaaso I am a fool aud a madman, and because she knows it!” Mr. Dolby, in complete amazement, looked first .at his visitor, thou around tho room for somo weapon of defence, for Mr. Swayno’s manner was sufiic'c.itly alarming. But there was nothing, of that kind, save and except the fire irons, resting in their summer purity in tho grate, and it requires a very real emer gency to justify a nun taking up poker or tongs os a weapon. But if ho were alarmed, ho did not show it, and thcro was good sense and real dignity in his voico aud manner as he said— “ Mr. Swayno, I don’t understand yon; will you toll mo what you mean, and why my daughter’s name must bo mentioned?" “ Becauu it is as I have said—l love her— and yet I ought not to speak of her, or think of'her—l lovo her, and 1 mot her to-day—not meaning it—no! I swear before heaven 1 meant to leave Greystoncs without a word to her, without a look at her face, tint is as the face of an angel to me—but to-day, when we mot, I could not help it I told her I loved her, hut that I was going, ond should never see hor.agaiu,” ' Mr. Ilolhy’s fooo was very grave and storn as he listened to this. “What,” said ho, “you told hor that you loved her, and tliat you aro going away! What is the moaning of this? 1 have a right to ask." Jasper Swayno writhed in his chair, and his hands clasped each other as in somo strong agony. “Mr. Holby,” ho said, speaking, not loudly, biit in au unnaturally composed voico, “I have confessed to you my crime in telling Gladdys that I loved hor. Tbo. reason why it was a ei'iiiio—why I dare not ask hor lovo in return —you shall know," “Well?” impatiently. * “ You have heard, 1 know, of tho Gibbons, of Bnrtloy?” “ Yos—what of them?” “Cannot you guess? Liston then, my mother was one of thorn. ” “Good heavens I You don’t moan this?” ■Mr. fiolby’s smooth fsuw grow ashy pale, bis eyes dilated, as though he had seen some fearful thing. Jasper Swayno almost laughed ,n his misery. I “ I see you havo hoard of them, and that you know all about thorn. I guessed ns mnch when I road in ono of your boohs all about that family, accursed severely and afllicted. 1 saw the real name under the thin disguise of the initial G ; you know how, from one generation to, another, mother and father have handod'fche deadly taint of insanity to their children. Yon know all this; I have read in your own words how hopeless and helpless -the case was, and how, from tho ago of thirty-live, each ono that inherited their blood inherits with them thoir doom. You know nil this?" “I know that this, unhappy family wore indeed fated to such misfortune,” said Mr. Holby, “hut I never guessed—how could I? that your mother was ono of thoin. Had I known it—— ’’ “Had you known it you would bnvo shunned rao, aud bade Gladdys shun mo, and you would have been wise. Ob, my God 1 you boo before you a man who knows that in a few years—for tho enrso has corno to ono and to all nt tho samo period—ho will bo what his mother is, a raving lunatic—per haps, ns she is, with some intervals of sense, only given to show the utter darkness of the rest of an accursed existence.” There wore lours of pity in tho old man's eyes. J asp or Swayno saw them, and his voice fullered a little.ap lie went on— “You,ask mu why I eomo to tell yon this, and’ indeed I hardly know. 1 could have In vented some lie, I‘suppose, which would have served as excuse, to show why I could not dal I; to bid you and her good-bye, hut .ns I wandered_ by,' liko a lost spirit shut out from Pnradiso,'I 1 could not help coming to you to ask, not for your help, for that is denied to mo. but fqr your pity and your forgiveness," “This is droadful-r- lomblo. Pity you? of conrso I pity you, but Gladdys—.why did you make hor unhappy too? and she has always boon without a care.” “Ah.) tlioro ia tho \yoral part of it, ‘ 1 Imre oom6 to.you to hid ypn kppw tlio truth, and so UJ condemn mo unhoard. When a little llmo posses, perhaps ttho will forgot mo—she Is so young. Toll hor what yon will of my story, or ho silent about It ns you think host. Since 1 know her mid since a now hopo and longing Cor lifo rose up within mo, 1 have consulted .all tho : wise men who havo made madness all thoir study, just os yon have— 1 you know boat What hopo tboy onn give mo.” Mil Holby made no roply to this. Hope ! nonoi know batter than ho did 1 how desperate tho was. Had nob hu himself patiently investigated ’that mysterious, awful mind disonhu WhSoh' had made Uto name of tho tClibbpns of, Bartley { darkly, interesting to morojthan ono Bbiontiflo inquirer? No j liopo thoro WMi nono.. v “Sjneb I hoard of this awful - inhoritanoo, ” 'said jjr.,Swayno,: Mthlnk what my life bos boon.? My. fat hoc (who married when ignor f ■■ ■ ' nrtfc of- II) bade me novor marry lost tho ourao ' fall en others.' For this reason ho miwlo bis 'will leaving all to Harry Frazer in case I dio without heirs ; for this reason I have' dono nil 1 could to put Harry Frazer in early 'possession of what must ho his own sooner %r lator—l pray God very soon. Liston," arid ho caught Mr. Hulhy’a hand in his with a grasp of iron, “tHbro have boon times when tho dovirhas prompted me to put nn end to n life that must be darker still. Sin do you call it?" —For Mr, Holby bad muttered a word or two in deprecation of his last words —‘‘it would hardly bo a sin. Think what I have felt, and what I fool, when my mother passes hor time either in titter silonoo or in absolute raging madness. She has had times of comparative reason, and you have hor at such times; once, and not very long since, shb escaped from tho watch hor servant Mrs. Mackenzie keeps over her, au-1 then she was so absolutely dangerous that she attacked Gladdya—l need make no secret of it now since 1 have said farewell to her forever ns she slept under a troo'in tho heat of tho day. I was in time to save her, and only just in time, and she never know who or what it was ; she fancied it was only a dream, for I made hoh'sit down, and she did not see my mother and' Mrs. Mackenzie." Mr. Helby listened as one spell-bound. Ho tried to give some comfort. “Perhaps," ho said, “you tako too gloomy a view of it. You have done very foolishly, of course, and indeed, I think you have boon acting imprudently all through. In any case it was unwise to shut yourself up In a very remote place with tho constant evidence of your mother’s affliction before you, It has dono you no good, tho dwelling on it, and applying it to your own case. It would have boon hotter for you if you bad loft her in proper care." “ Better fir. mo?" echoed Jasper Swayne; “ when my time come?, ns it has come to each one of u», I shall bo none tho worse. You speak ds though I were nbothor man. I am the last of tho doomed fomily; when I die, childless, as I shall die, tho fate that has made tho name of the Gibbons of Bartley an accursed name dies too; nud the money that is only a bated clog, and tho lands that must not know n madman for their master, , go to Harry Frazor —it ivould ho well if ho bad them now," “It is a sad story,” said Mr, Holby; “have you consulted other authorities? after all, my views may bo prejudiced, antiquated. Go to London—Paris ; try not to think of this thing. Your mind is warped by much soli tude, and distempered by fear rind agitation.” “No, I have faced it steadily,” said Mr. Swayne, “ but this is not like a fancy, it is a simple fact. At first I would not credit it, but it was too plain. My maternal uncle, my granfathor died mad; m a - few .years that must bo my fate. Death docs not come soon enough; the Gibbons live as long as other people, but it is a living death. My father died, os I think, of a broken heart; ho find married, not knowing tho family history of liis wife’s relations, but he thought it his duty to toll mo of their doom, lost I, too, should marry and transmit it to other sufferers." “There have been cases," said the elder man, speaking softly, and with ill-assured tones, as of one who mentions a forlorn hope, “whore such a disease has missed one genera tion. ’’ “To reappear in another. ’’ Mr. Holby nodded ; h<S know that this wns tho truth advanced by him in many a masterly treatise, and argued in more than one as sembly of the learned men who sit in judge ment on the pains and penalities to which our poor, frail bodies are liable. “ Kvon take this for granted, what com fort is to me? 1 have lost Gluddys; I must live a solitary, doomed man all my days, oven if the curse of madness did not actually descend on mo." “You have como to mo a* a friend," said Mr. Helby, who felt acutely how small was tho grain of comfort ho could giro in this desperate case, and as a friend as well as a physician, “I can only toll you that tho only safo course you can pursue is this: Try to shut out this—this thing—as much as possible from your thoughts ; road, see tho world ; above all things I entreat you to allow Mrs. Swayne to reside apart from you. Let hor get all the care that money (since you have it (o spare) cau give hor. As you have read my pamphlets on the subject”—and Mr. Holby heartily wished tho writings in question had never been seen by Jasper Swayne—“you know that in such oases 1 have always ad vocated the residence of those so afflicted apart from their friends. You can secure due attendance, a comfortable home and proper supervision. In Heaven’s name, don't continue to brood over this. You seem to ho so far lucky, ns to have got a capable woman in that Mrs, Mackoijzio. 1 remember hor when you and that young Frazer were horn, how well and cleverly she managed, though she was almost distracted at tho death of Mrs. Frazer, who had always boon so good to her.. That woman, though old, has plenty of work in her. . Tako a house in some quiet country place, nud then, - your duly done, do you go abroad ; got some friends to go with you. Why not take that Harry Frazer? Ho owes you ‘a day in harvest,’ I should think, as ho seems to ho, as much tho master of Haver field Grange is,you are." “ Harry? I dare say ho would como with mo, but no -why should I spoil his life by association with mine? Ue lives at present as happily ns man can live; as long ns (boro is hunting in the winter, fishing in the summer, tho world is a pleasant one to him. I have dona what I could for him—perhaps, I may truly say, 1 hope ho may soon come to his own." Mr. Holby’s heart sank within him at those words, for ho had learnt to love this man who sat there, in tho silence and quietude of tho August night, able to speak of his own death as n blessing thot would bring tho only re lease ho could hope for. “So you would not ask him? Well, there are others in plenty —plenty of experienced men who have travelled, mid who like knock ing about. Look out for some such mm, and whoa you have found him lose no time in leaving England, and for pity’s sake—and I ask this for hor sake, let it bo tho last time her name is mentioned between us—stay away from OroystoncH." He loved Jasper Swayne nn a man will love a friend whoso talent and character are con genial to his own, but ho loved his daughter bettor, and Jasper Swayne understood him, ami no wed his head in mute acceptation of tho verdict, though It meant utter banishment for life from tho plnco sanctified and cheered by the presence of Gladdya. “It must bo so," ho said, steadily; “101 l mo now that you forgive mo for having for gotten myself —my real self- to-day." For all and complete reply, there was the placing of Mr. Helby’a hand in that of Jasper S way no. Thera, was nothing moro said for a moment or so. Then tho visitor stood up. “And now, good-bye,” ho said, with a com posure that did not deceive Mr. Holby. “ Ut mo walk homo with you,” said tho latter; “it is a flue night, mid 1 should like to do so," “No," said Jasper Swayne, gently. “Lot this parting he final; toll Oladdys ’• Hero his voicn broke suddenly, and ho turned away, and covered his face with his hands, ns men sometimes do in mortal agony. Mr. Holby respected his emotion, and waited till tho other spoke again. “T wns going to ask you to 101 l her that I hope she will ho very happy, and that she must learn to forgot mo; out you will judge host what is fittest. I shall never see her again—l shall novor hear of hor—l shall never cease to love her;" ' With these words ho would have gone out into tho night, but Mr. Helby detained him. Tho old mail’s voice was very low and solemn as ho said — , , “Tho path by tho cliffs is a dangerous one at night, promise mo that yqi\ will run no risks." “I know, what you mean—ypu think my life so worthless that I.ipay jjo, ipipplod to throw It away? NY«1), I promise you that I shall pot kill, myself. , But Mr. Holby was stilt reluctant to lot him go. It was Jasper Swayuo who gently released his arm from tho detaining hand, and ho quilted tho room and loft Cliff House or quietly as ho had entered it. OIUPTKW V. A TRIdWUAM, Months panned by, and to glowing August; with Sts orown of golden grain and 1 lustrous beauty, sueoemls the winter king. Three is little change at UrayaUmud; It la not a place admitting of mtioh variety. The' .big houßo that had owned tho Sway nos for U« tenants was empty, ns many other houses at Groyaloneu worn at this reason of The year. People hero ceased to talk of tho aliungo- TooUlng woman, who, with hor big-boned, musonW attendant, had emoo or twieo boon visible to tbo.villagers. In those fast' days ,thor6 is no imeli thing .ns ft “nine days’ wonder.” ’iliat did for our grandsiroi. - Now no nqvolty lasts beyond tho second tiny. ■ 1 , Mr. Holby had kept his own counsel About Jasper Swayno’s secret—a few words panning between father and child, words of • tender love,! nud pity, and sympathy, on tho ono of sorrowful; patient wonder on the other. One thing was spared to her, the in tolerable agony of suspense and hopa de ferred. Mr. Holby was very wise in this. He told Gladdya that Mr. Swayno had ex plained his peculiar situation to him, that it was impossible that ho should over .again ho recognised as a friend, and that nothing was moro certain than that they should see him no more. “ I don’t even know his address, ’’ said Mr. Helby. “He wishes us not to know it.” “ Oh, father r’-aaid poor Gladdys. “It is tho truth, my child; nay, have I over told you an untruth?” And Gladdys, who had implicit trust in her father, know that she must believe him. In another thing I think Mr. Helby did wisely. He was a true-hearted man, and it did nob seem right to him that Gladdys should think that this man, who had loved ami loft her, had committed any great crime. “It ia not his fault," said Mr. Holby. . But tho father an (fore 1, if it were in a less degree. Ho know, though Gluddys did hor best to conooal it, how keenly tho wound was folL When the days bjgari to shorten, and the woods round Greystoncs to put on their bravest colors, like stout soldiers deck ing themselves nobly, though only to die, the girl's days wore sad and lonely, mid hor eyes wore often wot with hitter tears. Mr. Holby could only trust that Time, the consoler, would do his spiriting gently. Sho was young, that was one thing ; per haps, when spring came round, nnd she was able to go out' and enjoy tho soa-air, she would bo in bettor spirits. There was nothing loft at the Cliff House to recall tho memory that Mr. Helby would fain banish, but in Gladdvs’s heart there was a store of recollec tions—ghosts of tho dear, dead past—that would rise, even in spite of hor, and that came between hor and her rest. . One morning in December, father and daughter ant at breakfast. Pretty and cvsy tho room looked, with tho chill air kept out by a French window, and a bright fire send ing out shafts of light from its glowing centre. Mr. Helby had his letters—he was a great correspondent, and kept up a brisk “paper war” with a German savant who held heterodox opinions -ns Mr. Holby considered. When reading his letters ho was blind, deaf, dumb to nil outer interests, and he did not notice the iutonso interest with which Gladdys, who had listlessly opened a news paper, was devouring the contents thereof. She wan so absorbed in what kho was read ing that it was not till hor father had read his letters from beginning to end,nnd finished by laying his hand on hor shoulder with a pleasant question, “What have you got thero, Gladdys?” that sho replied to him by— “ Look there—oh, father, read it—ho is dying !” Mr. Helby did not need to ask who the “ ho” was, and he took tho paper and read all about it. The Irish correspondent of tho newspaper had dated hla communication from a sourhern seaport, and slated that a very noble act of daring had boon performed by a gentleman, named, “ns far as could be ascer tained, Jasper Swayno. He bad Hived the life of a child who had fallen into the tide way, hat in so doing had fatally injured him self. The child was all right, hut the medical gentleman in attendance on Mr. Swayno gave no hope of his recovery.” “Uo would have chosen such an cud him self, noble fellow," said Mr. Helby, to him self, as ho road it. But Gladdys? Bho was crying, though hors were not all selfish, sorrowful tears; her poor heart was beating wildly with pride and love, Bho should never see him again in this world, but none the less would she love him —ay, to hor life’s end ! The year was dying, so it seemed to Gladdys, was dying out, and as surely the short dream that began so fairly and ended so sadly. It was little wonder that aho cried —not just then, for she made a poor pretence of drying hor oyos and of composing herself, but afterwards when shut up in hor own room. In wain did old Mrs. Carter, the housekeeper, who reigned supremo at Cliff House, knock at tho door and tell Miso Gladdys that the early dinner was ready. Mrs, (tarter little knew that the cause of all those bitter tears was the very human being who had lain in her arms when a baby, when she, then n halo and hearty matron of forty, had gone as Mr. llclhy’s aide-de-camp to assist at the double “interesting event' at Haverficld Grange. But she know that a roast turkey is none the better for being kep’ when “done to a turn," and sho though! tint .there were seasons for all things. It was Mr. Helby himself who finally brought tho girl from hor dciij by tapping at hor door urgently, and by saying “ Open the door, child, at once. Hero is a telegram from Ireland—he has .sent for me.” The telegram was a short one: ‘•Doctor Donovan, Royal Hotel, Bally marlin, Cos. Cork, to Mr. Helby, Greystonos, Loarashiro, England.—Como at once; Mr. Jasper Swayne is seriously ill and wishes to nee you.” “You will go, father; you will purely go?” “Certainly, my child. But up sonic things for mo ; 1 can catch the train to Bristol to night, and got across to Cork. PleaSe God, I’ll ho in time!" Then another thought struck him, and he looked anxiously at Gladdys. “But you, dear, you will bo terribly lonely. ” “No, no, don’t mind mo, don’t think of— think of him. Oh, if you can only see him before ho dies!“ “And what use?” thinks Mr. Holby, but ho utters not his thought. “Neither use nor comfort; but 1 must go—in common charity I cannot refuse." Time and tide, as they wait for uo man, so neither do they hasten themselves for mortal need, and it was two days before Mr. Holby —tho Htains and dust of travel on lps person, ami a world of anxiety on his palo face stood by tho bedside of Jasper Swayne. Not alone, not uncarud for, was he. Mrs. Mackenzie, tall and bony as over, but dressed in blank from top to too, was there. Bho it was. who, with eyes red with tears and luok of sleep, received Mr. Helby. f “As bad as he can be—dying," she said. Dr. Donovan, an Irishman who might have pissed for an Englishman (malgro King Tluickora’ys typical Baddy), was coining from tho sick man’s room. A few words explained to both men tho state of the case, Jasper Kwayno was a good swimmer, and the weight of the drowning child would have boon only a feather-weight to him, had Ins head not come violently in contact with hidden stakes i under the water. Desperately injured as ho was, ho saved the child, to bo picked up, all but dead. Dr. Donovan said ho recovered his senses soon, seemed well aware that his case was desperate, and begged two telegrams to ho Bent, one to Mr. Holby, the other to Mrs. Mackenzie -“who, it seems.” whispered Dr. Donovan, “was an attendant of his late mother's. I had to telegraph tor hor to Scot land ; she came last night, and has been— ah, invaluable !” (“His late mother?" thought the listener. “So she's gone—what a world it is, to he sure I”) Then thero was a seiontiflo dialogue, and the treatment proscribed Uy Dr. Donovan, nnd tho remedies “exhibited" wore spoken of. “ L come just as a friend ; God knows ho wants one,” said Mr. IKlby, “and I don’t mean to interfere with you ; it’s a long lime since I have pruoliscd,” Dr. Donovan was not anxious to stand on any point of etiquette, and ho thought Mr. Holby,whoso writings had made him favorably know to tho faculty in general, * likely to be a valuable coadjutor in tiiis delicate ease. Mr. Holby asked one or two questions. “ About his head now—any sign of delirium? 1 should look for Mini in this case," “There Ipifi been nothing of tho kind -he is sensible; but there has been son\o great shock to tin*, systoiq—proelrntiou. I ountobs 1 don’t like tho way he it* going on.” “May I sen jipuV" H “ Lqrd hlim us, certainly 1 Ho bogged mo to toll yon to go to him as soon as you QOuld,* 1 “ Very well; I shall see that your directions nro attended to." “It’s a good thing that you’re hero, doctor —no?—well, Mr. Holby, then,” said Dr. Donovan, “for I’ve a had caao of fracture to sec to, nnd I can't cull round again until to night," Mr, Holby would gladly lake his ohien, lift said; as for tho broken arm, Mrs. Maokau/.10 knew nil about that -the bandages should be Kcltled, and ho forth. Thou Dr. Donovan look his leave, nnd Mr. Holby went softly into tho room where Jasper Hwayno lay, sick unto death. Ilia dark oyos wore wide open, full of that anxious, intensi fied gftv.o often mm in tho look of people who have suffered noma severe injury to tho head; but there was no delirium—lie was quite conscious,and able to utter Mr. Hclby’s name in alow voice. “Hois that way," said Mrs. Mackenzie, “hall 1 the day, thou ho sinks into a stupor nnd there hi no rousing him. ” “ Oman,” muttered Mr. Helby ; then ho Hal down by tho sink mini and took tho uninjured hand in his own. There was no need to tiay I a Svbrd of sympathy or pity; both were plainly wrltteii in Mr. Holby’a face, ” “(lladdys?" said. Jasper Swayno, I “Slio knows of your being thus—knows why you tab HI," “Hying—l think so. I should havo liked to have scon her just once more—but 1 never could get just what I wished for —and perhaps you will tell her, won’t you/* that I have not forgotten her?” “Come, come, this wont do; I shall just sit down and rest a while, and don’t you talk, else Doctor What’s-his-namc will turn mo out,” Mr. Hclhy spoke lightly, but none the less keenly did he lake in each little detail of the sick man’s appearance. lie knew very well none hotter—how desperate the case was. In the next room, all eye and car, snt the gaunt Mrs. Mackenzie ; but if uhe was gaunt she was (ho very type of a nick-nurse. -Mr. Ilelby found himself wishing heartily that his experience of hospitals and invalids could recall others ns prompt and ready wilted. Yet the woman was crying quietly; when .nobody knew it, her hands were pressed to her thin, hard face, ns one in sare distress ; yet the next moment, there she was, ap parently only thinking of the doctor’s orders and wishes. The night drew on, and ihe sick-room, but faintly lit by a shaded lamp, was a melancholy-looking place. Jasper Swayno "'as not asleep, but he was quiet; once or iwico lie spoke, ns much (o himself ns to Mr. Ilelby, and the latter could hear the word, “The* last of'-the race -the boh so speedily following the mother.” He did not scorn to evince any dread ho was ab solutely passive, only growing res*less when the poor, broken arm needed fresh bandage-,. Luckily for him, Mr. Ilelhy had (hose? chief requisites for n surgeon—the hand of n lady, the eye of an eagle, and the stout heart. (Quietly he did whut was neecnsa-v, and the gaunt woman, holding the light in the best position, recognised the experience! master touch. “Not the first time you and I have worked together,” said Mr. Hclby, The nurse made' no reply, but her face grew very paler, and shook so, that Mr. Ilelby looked up in mu*-' prise. “Tho cold,” apologised Mrs. Mackenzie; “yo ken, sir, it’n unco hard weather.” When tho job of sotting tho arm was nearly over, it was Mr. Hclhy's turn to change color. Clmngo color ho did. 110 seemed very much “put out,” and the nurse noticed it. She could not help looking at him in surprise, perhaps with some alarm. “ Anything wrong, sir?” she asked, when Mr, Hoi by walked off to the other cm! of tho room. Mr, Ilelby did not answer for a moment, then be said, in the same low tono in which she had spokon, “Thero is something wrong. Como into tho noxt room. I must speak to you.” Leaving tho door of communication ajar, tho pair left tho sick-room. “ What’s tho matter, sir?” asked Mrs. Mackenzie. “Has he got a bad turn?" “Look bore," said Mr. Ilelby, whose ordin arily composed, cheerfuly manner was strangely changed into one* of considerable anxiety, and almost alarm, “do you know who that man is lying there?” Mrs, Mackenzie opened her eyes to the widest, hut spoke not a word ; and Mr. Ilelby continued, “Because I don't,” “Eh, sir?” “Oh, stare away ! I know what I am alnu‘. I toll you that whoever ho is, one thing is certain, ho is not Jasper Swayno!’’ (TO BK CONTISI'KI).) 