iilim TO THE EDITOR. THE POLITICAL 6IIUATI0N. ''' ?v 6ia,— Following np my letter cf tho 7ih v tostant, ic may be uufced on what w&riant; do I maks my sweeping chargLB against the ex-Ministry ? My Bftaser io — en ocalar dtunoaBtritioc. oT practicai, rcckluas, acd e£travue.&nt; especditnre of pablic mouey lu the crcaiiou, oirrjicg out, ciia management, incompetency, or negligent enparvieiou cn Loth n«:cchsary and uancccs* esry pnblic worts. For exr.iopie, wc, of flaatln WnTbea Brv. can feivjrt two thim,fl doing duty as two useful jetties ; now thstc two jetii-.e will tell ibei^ own tale. Ba'.ph, tho one upprcximate to tho Btale Eshool, assumes in architecture the ioim of an over grown ojftar dredge lying in a rather iso lated position, frttn tbe fact that b'lore you can shake hands with him yon have to ascend a ra&er; ecu^p graded hill, and de scend a eiill ktcepor g;ade befcze you &.n come in contact. What the ingress to and egteee from ^.aipb from tho mrdn road was laid out over this hill for I know sot, mflesa it waa intended to render the inornate oyster dredge entirely melees, 6cti;g that a gooi level road could havo been easily got eiosg the water edge much nearer and at lees omfc; perhaps the Enginecr-la-Ohief may enlighten any enquirer on the matter. I have done my pnrt faithfully, Boger, bait brother to H&lph; by the father's flida, lives about half a mile further up the. river, or within epeakiug distance of each other. Bager, unlike his brother, ba£ not as yet had the blessings of Macadam lavished on his appioachcs, and more's the pity. Little use and no ornament he sils on the bank of the rfver in a semi forlorn hope attitude, [assuming the dignity of &n; over grown shovel, wito s front dehsnt of oontaot with any vessel of deeper draught than a one ton pent, except on high tide festita'a. It *w&s; only tbe other day 1 w&2 &eked; by e aalt veatsr trader by whose orders waa the un Decenary botoh'd thing set ti'.ere ! and why the d— — 1 was it not tet up on the mtlo road at ouce, a distance cf only a few ch»ine, as tt must never have been intended ae a -navig&bie; ccmmcdity fcr local jeqeiremente. 1 told him 1 did not know, unless it was to exhibit the efficiency &nd; economy cf the overgjown utaff of our Public Works Dopart monc, and so directed Mm to the Hoc. tbe Minister of Lands and Works, or the Knglneer-in-Ohief, for lnrther information to hie queries. 2fcc£y, a /&J1; sister to Ba)pb, ozonpies a position about a mile further tp the river, an! ab&ut; itaif a cba'n fr. m tbe ro-vin road, uudc a) 8tw w-ti lurj, tho ghost of tbo Trensnry chest keeps her -igil o'er the cfty ot tbe doad(the Oalholic bwjing grouud) while tho erle wind whistles to the dancisg wave, ominope oant. Profligacy! profligacy I the fruitful mother ot recklecs extravagance a*d granddame to penury, poverty, and want. Oh, virtue 1 virtue ! Sow art thon i wallowed up in the vortex of polltioal depravity, and abandoned to the ravages of every manner ot derogatory vice 1 Tho Bttaoger looks, listens in amazement, and asks why all this wanton extravagance, and the nnde with ber speotral siaewIesB aim, and pointing to the great ledger of moral and political corruption, blda him read, study, asd leant in himself. How tho distanoe along the main road intervening between Nanoy asd Balph is within the corn pain of two and a halt miUB, by water one mile and a half. He that hath eyes to see let him fise ,* be that hath cars t? bear lot him bcur; and he who has yawp to yaw let him }aw till I prepare my next, acd iu the mcftutlrne inform your rubers that, on iha assumption that Every dUtrlot is, or should be, sirred aliku, I eliall not go bpyoad my owq locality in cearch of eecoud-nand and uriie'dable evidence, nor pester tlto world with such information kp«— Wb^-d'yc-cL'-'im'h son Is to bo married to WhaL-aye-caU'ar'e rfuugatei' doon oy at Toing-a-my,— I'onre, eto., J. KlMUO. Castle Forbes Bay, September 19. 