r m* Wmmt* MARIA TEABOUT AND THE PANTHER. HY MARY E. SHULTS IN " CHRISTIAN AT WORK. IN central New York is a steep hill which to this day bears the name of the Feuerburg, or ITire Mountain. Many years ago when the independence of the British colonies in America was a contingency unthought of, a signalfire had been built upon its summit to ascertain if the light therefrom could be seen from the residence of Sir William Johnson, who, an officer of the Crown, high in authority, held baronial court at Johnson Hall, where is now the village of Johnstown. A particular hour of a given night having been agreed upon for the experiment a tar barrel was raised to the top of a tall pine-tree, which grew from the most elevated point of the mountain. When darkness settled upon the valley a party of men bearing pine torches ascended the hill and ignited the resinous con tents of the barrel. Tradition does not inform us whether the signal was or not visible at the Hall; but the quaint Dutch village near the foot of the hill was weirdly illuminated by the conflagration of the tree-top, and the young • people wandered about in merry groups from house to honse, drinking home-brewed beer and passing such jokes as the occasion called forth. Just prior to the opening of the Revolutionary contest a party of girls were wandering about near the foot of the Feuerberg when one of them proposed that they make the ascent. " But it isn't safe without firearms," objected 'Maria Teabout. " It's safe enough," said the first speaker contemptuously. "The men carry rifles and muskets only because they're so used to 'em ; they think they can't stir without something to shoot •with." " Any one used to the woods knows there is often need of shooting." replied Maria tersely. "But it's too near the village for any wild animal to be prowling about in the daytime," " Maria is like the men," said a third speaker, ehe carries her rifle if she only goes under a dozen trees." " But she hasn't her rifle to-day nor her bow and quiver," said Anna Bauer, who was neither rash nor foolish. " I am sure I wish she had them all if we are going to climb the Feuerburg. I think we had better go back." " I shall go on," said the first speaker. " Any body that isn't afraid can come with me." She sprang impetuously up the broad trail leading through a forest that Lad been somewhat thinned by the woodman's axe. The other girls followed ; but Anna, who would have refused to go if she had not shrunk from being laughed at, kept close by Maria's side, seeming to find assurance of protection in the impassive features of her friend's swarthy face. They made the ascent in safety, and having rested at the summit were merrily making their way downward when a mournful cry like the wait of & child brought them to a sudden terrified halt. " It's a panther," they whispered, pale and trembling, clinging close together in a frenzy of fear. One however seemed to feel no alarm. It was Maria Teabout. She pulled herself apart from the others and stood alert and listening, her head poised to catch the faintest sound aud a look of determination settling over her bronzed features. She was part native, her mother having been the daughter of a proud Schoharie chieftain. Frequently for pastime she followed the Indian passes through the mountains clad in a deerskin suit and moccasins, and carrying a rifle which she knew full well how to use. To-day however she was unarmed and clad in homespun like Jier companions, the daughters of the Palatine settlers. "Come, Maria," Anna called to her, "it's still off a good ways in the woods. We must hurry away from here." " It may not be a panther," was the reply " There have been none seen here for years. It sounds like a child that had wandered away and «ot lost. I'm going to find out what it is." She gave a cry similar to the one they had just lieard, and after a brief interval the answer came like the scream of a child in distress. Her comoanions finding remonstrance unavail ing fled down the hill. Maria continued to answer the cries ; but the closer approach of the animal finally put an end to her doubts and convinced her that it was in very truth a hungercrazed panther in search of food. Not having time to make a safe retreat, she concealed herself in a hollow tree. Tbe panther came so near that i. e could see his angry rolling eyeballs; not finding his expected prey, he slowly returned into the denser woods and again set up a mourn- ^Inthe meantime the girls had reached home, iipathless and panic-stricken. Maria was supped to have been slain in a horrible manner, and a party of men and Indians, well armed and mounted on horses, started out to find and bring back whatever might be left of'her. Leaving their horses near the entrance, they went into the forest, and called her by name, proceeding in the direction she was supposed to have taken. Greatly to their surprise they had not called many times when they heard a muffled voice in faint reply. " We have frightened the critter away,' said one of the men ; " we'll find her hereabouts all wounded and bleeding." While they were closely scaning the ground, expecting to find thereon her mangled remains, Maria, emerged from her hiding-place and stood unharmed before them. "No," she said, smiling at their astonishment, " the panther hasn't had his supper yet I hid in that hollow tree yonder." She related what had happened after the girls had left her,, and added " Now I shall call that animal back and kill him." One of the Indians, at Maria's suggestion, arranged his blanket upon a stump in such a way that a tolerable effigy of a human being was produced ; then they all fell behind the trees. Maria again began putting herself in com munication with the panther, which soon answered her cries coming gradually nearer as before. When in sight of the effigy he crept along with the stillness of a cat until jwithin a few paces, whence he bounded upon it with the speed of an arrow. The blanket was torn into shreds and the enraged creature stood with fierce glaring eyes lashing its sides furiously with its tail. Having no belief in ghosts, he was looking around to discover whence came the voice that had deceived him. That one auspicious moment for deliberate aim was improved by the half- Indian maiden, who coolly levelled a rifle and fired. The fierce brute fell dead, the ball having pierced his brain. This was the last panther seen upon the Feuerburg. 