DIVINE GOODNESS AND ITS CLAIMS. . TTl-o Pao ^ST -T TTnfunvn T The Bible makes three kinds of appeal to the human conscience for man's submiBBion to God. There is first the appeal of authority—*' Thou Shalt love the Lord thy God with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might.' The second appeal is th»t of God% right of ownership—' Thus' said the Lord that created thee, O Jacob, and he that formed thee, - O Israel. I have called thee bv Mv name. thou art mine.3' And the third appeal, that of the divine goodness and love for men — 'I beseeoh you by the mercies of God.' The first and second are the appeals of the Old Testament. Sinai is the scene of God's positive and authoritative demands ; Moses is the prophet of the Divine autocracy.' The somewhat gentler appeal of God's paternal relationship 'with man finds utterance in Israel's later prophets. But these, as the mouthpiece of God, bewail alike the lawless ness and the ungratefulness of the children of - men— 'Hear, O heavens, and give ear, O ? earth ; for the Lord hath spoken, I have nourished and brought up children, and they have rebelled against Me.' The tenor of that message and - the bewailing of its failure to woo the hearts of men are the closing strains of the Old Testament. With the New Testament comes the third appeal. Sines God failed to command the submission of the human heart He tries at last to win it, and to win it by a manifestation of His love. What is the dominant note of the Gospel message? Is it not this — 'God so loved the world?' And what is the song of the soul captivated by that love? Is it not, 'We love Him because He first loved us?' That is the earthly refrain. The anthem of the heavenly host is — ' Unto Him that loved us . . be glory and dominion for ever.' The grand theme of St. Paul's preach ing was the drawing power of the love of tne cross ; tne ground of his appeal for service, and sacrifice, and devotion, and consecration, was the Divine mercy.' Over-arching human life like the firmamental blue of heaven; beam jjig upon it from the heights above like an un tjuenohable sun, was the goodness, the mercy, . thjpbve of God. I want to speak of the ? mer : citis of God, and of their message to us who are ever receiving them. ,Iiet us not look at them from a narrow standpoint. ' Let us not* suppose ; that they can be referred to some distant past. Let us not imagine that one grand display of love— seen in the cross of Jesus, in the death of the Fathers Son— is all that can be aEciibed .to Divine mercy. That,' doubtless, was the crowning display of the Divine Love ; that was the most that the Father could do for men to show them that He loved them. But His mercy is ever in full play about us, preventing us, following us, overshadowing us from above, supporting us from beneath. Let me speak of the Divine mercies as they are manifest in the common things of our earthly life, andlespeoially the things that pertain to our sustenanoe and happiness as living creatures. This season of the year brings before us, as in a grand panorama, the mindfulness, and care fulness, and providential goodness of God to wards us. AU tells how the blessing of God has followed the labors of man : We plough the fields, and scatter The good seed on file land, but it is God. who giveth the increase. He sendeth his sunshine and hia rain, His light and His heat, and because He recognises Our need and blesses our effort the valleys stand so thick with corn that they laugh and sing. . Are we not apt to forget this feature of the Divine mercy ? Are we not apt' to take seedtime and harvest as. matters of course, things that follow in a natural order, without tracing them up to the Divine Hand that ordereth all things ? But— if we could but realise it — spring time and the fruitage of the seed, and of the trees are the standing miracles of the world, as they are also standing proofs of the mindfulness of the Creator for the creature. Let any one who casts his seeds into the ground think for a moment what he could do without God. Compare that which was sown and that which is reaped, and ask— Whence the power that developed first the blade, then the ear, and then the full corn in the ear. In every seed there lies folded up in its tiny form the color, the exquisite markings, the rich1 fragrance, the luscious flavor of 'the ripened fruit — all held in secret keeping by God. Only as He unlocks the seed will it give forth its lichee; only as He smiles upon it will it bloom and blossom and ripen for the use of man. 'Hegiveta1 grass for the cattle and green herbs ^.for the : service of man.'-' Every autumn -tangs, .ft? answer to the roaring cry of the young lions that seek their meat from God. Every harvest is God's answer to the prayer — 'Give us this day our daily bread.' Yes, The golden sunshine, vernal air, Sweet flower* and fruits His love declare ; When harvests ripen He is there Who giveth aU. Turn from God's merciful providence in its supply of the world's wants, to the fact of its manifestation in the individual life. See how the meroiea of God.ias» entered into all that we have and are. -I know that our views of them are ; indefinite, one-sided, and incom plete. But they have come to ns-on every breeze; they have flown tans from God as musio ; from the .33olian harp when the winds Bweep over it; they have oome to us noise lessly, unostentatiously, as light comes from the fountain of day. Every, day of buoyant health and -active exercise^; every night of serene repose and. of . blissful dream ; every ' hour in whioh your whole being has drunk in the. light and beauty and music and silence of the universe; every joy whioh - . has fallen ' ;upon you from . above, like tones of angel, voices; every joy that has awakened withm-like echoes from the music of the spheres— all are of God. ' Erery good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father . of Lights.' He 'is the ' Eternal God who giveth us all things richly to enjoy.' Even times that we have thought calamities have been angels of mercy' in disguise. Some of His .richest fruits of blessing have been wrapt up, like the ches nut, in a prickly shelL He has brought jthe morning of hope out of the night of despair, and turned the shadow of death into the day spring of immortality, into the Light of the .Ineffable. How great then is the sum of. His mercies ; how unutterable His. bountiful kind nesses. Have you ever thought how much the Christianity of the New Testament makes of the yielding up of the whole nature to God? It is a tremendous protest against the notion that religion is a psychical, spiritual, inward thing, dealing only with mental attitudes, con victions, aspirations. The religion of Jesus touches humanity in all its functions, pacts, and faculties. It is meant to consecrate, sanctify, and hallow every phase of our life — animal as well as physical, physical as well as spiritual ; bringing the whole man into conscious relationship with God, setting the whole nature faultiest! before the throne 'He,' the Ohri3t, the Son of the Blessed, 'is the Saviour of the body.' 'Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost ?' ' Glorify God in your bodies.' 'Present your bodies a living sacrifice unto God.' That is the aim and purpose of the religion of Jesus the Christ. That is God's demand of humanity. How can we do it? How far is it possible? What is its practical bearing upon our common rela tionships and upon life's ordinary duties ? In what way can we — compassed by infirmities, swayed by passions, with wants and desires that go out mainly to things animal, carnal, sensuous, and sentient— glorify God? Let us recognise this first, and as the very foundation of the matter — that the service of 'humanity is the seraoe of God. I mean by that, that -to employ our body's functions and faculties, to engage our energies and activities upon things that tend to the general good of man, iB to glorify God. He has so constituted us, so ordained the economy of human life, so planned our relationship with Him, that we serve Him most when we serve one another best. . Yes, to work is to worship ; to labor is to pray. The daily round, the common task, may be a sanctuary of service, an altar of sacrifice. If it be true that He prayeth well who lovetb well Bath nun and bird and beast : Ha prayeth beet who lovetti test All things both great and f'mall, 'For the dear Clod who lovetb us He made and loveth all ; then i is it specially true that true human doing before man is as incense that continually aseendeth unto God. Thus then, you may glorify Him by using all His gifts aa means to holiest ends] . Truth, honor, uprightness, fair ness,: generosity in your dealings one with another, in the relationships of mastsr and servant, employer and employed, benefactor and benefited, teacher and pupil will be in the sight of the .good God as sacred, as beautiful, as acceptable, as Divine as the anthems of the -heavenly choir, aa the Trisagion of the cheru \- bim, as the lowly adoration of the seraphim of the skies. ' I want you boys to feel this ; I want you to think that in the different spheres where God has placed yon— however menial you may imagine your duties, however arduous your tasks— if you are faithful, if you are honest,1 if you are true, your lives may be a continued prayer, your activities a continued ' pBalm of praise,, your deeds an answer to the petition whioh you daily present to the throne — 'Thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven.' Ton, with your human hands, and human feet, and human brain, and human ambitions may be as much doers of the Divine will as the angels who wait before the throne. Think of it, glory in it, rise day by day and more and more to the dignity of' it, that you may be a living sacrifice. And this, not as the martyr who kisses the lambent flamss that consume his flesh, but as the humble, patient; expectant, yet active, child of God ; content to do your duty in that state of life to whioh it has pleased Him to call you. And to you who have attained to manhood and to womanhood, you men and women with combustible tempers, I would say to you — You must rein them, in and control them if you would-be acceptable to God.- You that give way to appetite and passion, that degrade your bodies by brutish habits,' and your souls by making them the slaves of the flesh ; you that know euch words as fornication, adultery, drunkenness, lasciviousness, have facts answering to them in your own lives'; God' wants you to purify your selves irom tnese. j.v wiu do a sacrifice, no doubt. You will only do it as St. Paul did it, by a oontinual bringing of the bodyintosnbjection, a continual suppressing of unholy desires, ~,a continual cutting off of right handB and plucking out of right eyes ; stiU you must do it if you would respond to the voice of Divine jnercy ; you must do it if yon would make! a return for the Divine love which has crowned your years; you must do it if you would enjoy tne Divine power and reach the Divine abode. 'Be ye holy' is God's com mand. ? Give up yourselves to God - is the . Divine appeal, to the obeying of His laws to the doing of His will— that is your reason able service. .Service implies the power to give and the power to withhold. It is so in ' this case. . You may withhold your bodies from God if you choose; you may make all their faculties to be the servants of sin; you may indulge all their passions, gratify all their cravings, follow all their ten dencies. But you do it as ingrates of the ' Divine love, as rejectors of the Divine mercy, as those who heed not the Divine voice ; you do it as those who shall reap the reward of your doings. Life is before you; death is before you— 'goal of all mortal' Down life's long avenue you gaze— full of hopefulness, full of trustful ness, full of expectancy. I want to tell you this — that only as you present your bodies to God will your life be beautiful, your path peaceful, and your end serene. Give to God that 'reasonable service,' and then in life's evening you shall be able to say, what the old Quaker-poet Whittier said to Oliver Wendell Holmes on Ins eighty-third birth day — Far off, and faint as echoes of a dream. The sonts of bovnood seem. Tet on our autumn bongos, unfiown with spring, The evening thrushes sing. Yea; you may also add— The hour draws near, howe'er delayed and late, When at the Eternal Gate We leave the words and works we call our own, \- And lift void tunds alone Tor love to fill. Our nakedness of soul Brings to that G»te no toll ; Giftlees. we oome to Him, Who all things givw, And live because He lives. 