John 'Taggert's Trial. By Mrs.. Amelia E. Barr. Thirtyv-fiv years ago this summer, I spent some delightful months in that most pic turesque and charming of retreats--he Isle of IMan, with my headquarters at Castle town. Dauring the summer months, when the her ring fishery was at its height, Castletown: pier in the early hours of the morning was a most picturesque place, with its boats and masses of gleaming fish and queer fisherman -and fisherwomen, too, for that matter--' Irish and Scotch and Welsh and English and Manx. But towering, like Saul, head and shoulders above the crowd, I.noticed always a young Manxman, who seemed to be an authority on all subjects of sale. He wore the common dress of blue flannel, put in the usnal quaint, ungraceful form, but no form of dress could have, spoiled a figure moulded in nature's noblest proportions. - His bare, brown throat supported a "head and face strikingly' hand some, though it was evident from its glowing, bronzed' tint, that it had been set against the suns and winds of heaven for many a year. We soon found out that this man was universally respected, and eagerly sought after, not only' by his own class, but by leisurely visitors, to whom his knowledge of the sea and of the coast, and of every point of interest within a day's pleasuring, was invaluable.. iHe seeued; however, to particularly attach himself to a young Englishman, called Philip, Saville, who spent some of his time sketch ingi, riding, anid dining with ithd.lollieers of the garrison; but the most of it in an open boat out at sea. Indeed, people soon began to nbtice that Philip S.villo and the fisher man';, John, Taggert, were never very long apart. The summer, p~ssed, and autumn, with its occasional stormy day' , was upon us. Still Savill' lingired, people said, solely becaui'se he' could not bear to part with :John Taggert. I had, however, some doubts as to whether John wais the only charm; for twice when I' had been'ga.therin"g blabkbhrrries in-B llab?g woods, I had come upon Siville and?a baauti ful peasant girl; named Mary B.iyd; bhlonging to the little hamlet on.the sand:, A Ic:v d:ysa after my second meeting of them, I receive~ an invitation teo attend a' MIan= fisherma?i'i: weddin'g'to' b'e given :in: the great barn of Gwynneesteate;. for tho.'bride's people had been retainers of the Gwynnes for centuries •and;the master. of Gwyune and all his family weie to dando at the bridal:: Many of the 'officers aid'visitors of the' city were guests, and among the'raestPhilip'S ville. His glance, on entering the barn, sought until it found Mary, and the' it followed her every inovvedlnt. It see'ind to specially annoy' 'Philip, thit Johnr T~gert bias on t the most familiar terms ~with. her: and after a while, as' John pasied him, he said, in a querulous voice,: "I shduld' thinlk, John, yoi would, be :tired trdttiug round after that little girl you have done nothing else for nearly three hours." John answered pleasantly : " And what for would I be tired in three hoursi when it is all the days of my life I mean to trot after her?" Philip's face dark-sened visibly, but he made no answer.' Soon alter, howaver, I missed him, and looking through the room, I saw Mary wsa also absent. It was a lovely Se tember night, with a full, yellow moon, and as many of the visitors had left the barn for a Stroll on the firm, dry sands,~I took a friend's drm arnd joined them. We had not walked'far, when we 'met Philip and Mary' hand in hand, and when John Taggertmissed' his love and his friend, he walked to the' barn-door and instantly saw them saunter-. irig together on the moonlit sands. . It did not take him many minutes to reach them. "Mary," .he said, in an angry' voice, "you come home with me at once, or I'll-" " John, if you threaten m,, 'I'll never come with youaagain." ' "You can please yourself, Mary Boyd; it's not John Taggert, though he is your pro .mised husband, that will ask you twice." - And with a furious look' at Philip, which Philip answered by a provoking little laugh; John'went back to the wedding guests. ' But all his gaiety was gone: he would neither dance nor eing; and long before the festivities were over, he left. As hi went home, he glanced toward the sands. 'Philip and Mary were together. 'Philip held her hand, and stooped his proud head to listen to what she was saying. John glanced but a moment at'this bitter sight, then, with 'a muttered-threat, not pleasant to.hear, he took th'e otherway. Unfortunately, sevdral people heard' the words, and they were af?ter wardrecalled to his oondemn.tion. A perty of Rock-Cod fishers came in one morning, bringing with them Philip's private rowing-boat, which they had found floating a couple 'of miles out of harbor. His linh. and a couple of books were in the bo t, and 'the oars were found not far away; but there was no trace of the young man. People bh .an to inquire noxt where John had been, during the flow of that morning's tide, and when it was proved that he had been seen leaving the harbor very early that mornirg, many looked on him with faces of dreadful meaning, Still, none liked to be premature. Mr Saville was always swayed by the caprice of the moment, and it was suggested thathe had perhaps met a fishing-smack, and gone with the crew to enjoy some deep.sea fishing. Every boat that came into the little ports ad jaeosnt.was eagerly inquired of ; no one, how. ever, had seen anything of the missing man. Day by day the suspicion of foul play grew more definite. When ten days had elapsed, and no letters or tidings came, the proper authorities took charge of Philip's personal effects, and John Taggert was arrested on suspicion, but there being no positive evidence to confirm the vague suspicions regarding him, he was ac quitted. . But'now began the worst of his punhish. ment. Theseverity of the old laws of Man Shad made the peasantry look upon crime as something altogether dreadful; murder was -a thing nearly unknown, and beyond the pale of excuse or pardon; its very suspicion was, :a frightful thing. John Taggert found him self in pretty much the same condition as the excommunicated man in the Dark Ages. He could get no work; if he had not had money saved, he must have starved or left Castletown, About Christmas time, he met on the sea-shore the rector of the church he had once so regularlyattended. He would have passed him with a dark, averted face, but.the good man would not let him; he put out his hand and looked John steadily and kindly in the face. '"John," he said, ' do youi think I am going to eat my Christmas dinner with your dark, stubborn face haunting me? Why have you not come to see mre in your trouble?" S"Your servants, sir, would have salid I left a bloody step at the door-stone. Would you have allowed me to stand upon your hearth ?" " Did you ever try me, John ? Turn now with me and come to my study, for I have something to say to you.,' Then the good man led him on to tell ail the petty insults whose tremendous cumula tive power' was fast turning him into a iSeroe, bitter hater of his kind; and the poor fellow found comfort even in this unburden. ing of his grief, as well as in the unspoken sympathy that glistened in his listener's eyes. At last, when the heavy heart had un burdened all its agony, the rector said: "John, why don't you go away from Castletown 1" "No, sir," he answered, passionately; "I have done nothing to run away for. If there is any justice in Heaven, it will clear me in the sight of my neighbors and kinfolk. I can wait; but I want to be here on the spot when God is ready to hear my cause." "Are you suffering for money or neces. saries ?" "Not much, sir; for since your reverence has been so kind to me, I will trust you with my one secret. Mary Boyd brings me many a bowl of bread and milk to the old Druid itoaes. Or peoplse don't wature there ater night, buit Mary loves me, and love is not afeared of ghosts. "I am glad to hear this, John. Then lare, as well as I, believes you to be inno cent?' For a moment John could not speak; then with full eyes, he answered : " For them words, sir, God bless you I Ii you and Mary believe me innocent, I .aru not quite hopeless. Miry has never doubted me; she sought me out at once in my trouble and loneliness. I should haire gone mad or died the last few weeks butefor her." 'If I should give you work and a little cottage, would .Mary marry you. and thus enable you to live down, in your own home, these suspicions?" " Yes, sir, she would leave all her people and come to me; but that is a thing I would not let her do. I would not stain my Mary's name, and, perhaps, the unborn innocent, with my misfortune. When I am proved guiltless is time enough for me to marry." After this, John was sullen and silent enough, but he did the work the rector gave him, and the support of a man so respected beg in, in some slight degree, to change publie sentiment. But if there was any change in his neigh bore, John took' no notice of it. He spoke to no one, he did what work the rector gave him, or spent whole days on the winter sea, comforted at rare, happy moments by a stolen visit from Mary. And so the weeks crept on, until the middle of February. There had been a heavy wind all day, and the.sea and the wind ·ose together as the day 'ad vanced. Going up Malesw street, he met an old man who had once been his hearty ad mirer and friend. The man' had not spoken to him since his trouble, but this time he said, timidly : '' Going to be a very bad, dirty night, Johnr." " Yes," replied John, ourtly. "Small crafo prgtty, near Qo iggin Point. Hope she may not get too near them Searlet Rocks.", ..... "If she was ,woith her sails e1he would have out into her harbor early to .d ?y." t::Itivdsthd:lobhgst conversation John had held-wiph anr.of his comrades for months. Hshddenl remembeterd the'ftact, and walked hurriedly away . "Poor fellow 1" ipttered the old man. ' b:e. inorr, h is none to blame." ifl1'p~rt night tt:e: ;e orm grew wilder and wilder until midnight, and long' before dawn, in the pauses of tie wind, could be 'faintly l'eard .the gun ofa ship in distress. As soon ca it was light, a crowd of men gathered on the sgore, watching, eagerly, the craft in dang6e. It was hard to tell what she was all her masts were gone, and she seemed to I be rapidly bieaking'up. Yet the sea ran so high, and the danger of launching a boat was. so -ammncent, that the oldest sailor feared to risk .it. Then John Taggert stepped eagerly for ,wara?. -. " Will nay man go with me,". he said, "to save yondier poor fellow~a?" N ,jne s oke.' ' Of all races the Manx are the most superltitious;' hrd i' Johi was really a murderer, they did not wish to share his fate; so no one answered his appeal by .word or mov?m?ient. John set his lips and frownied darkly." , ".'Is, there any mant here, then, who will help me launch a boat, and I will go alone ?', ." I ili," said the old man, who liad spoken to him the day before. Now, if everea'humkn being was in a mood to command winds and waters , John Taggert was that morning. He leaped off the quay into the dropped boat, and all thought, for a moment that he had- found his death; but presently they saw him. grasping both oars, erect and firm., .Just then the rector reached the anxious crowd. "' God bless you, John !" he cried. But John heard not the blessing; his face was set' seaward, every muscle, every sense was strained tb the uttermost, and yet he afterward said hb wvas sensible of no exertion. 'Ie rowed as a man in a dream might row. Through marvellous dangers 'and'dilieculties he reached the wreck; then as he neared it,' he' gaveas great'sliou, 'for,'"clinging' to a remnant of th'e' mainmas't, Was a figure he knesv but too well. He could not doubt his eye's-it was, it certainly was Philip Saville I Here was his vindication. John never doubted but that Heaven had sent it, and even as he toiled in rowing; he did not forget. the uplifting of his 'heart 'in unutterable gratitude. How he gotthe men 'off the wreck' and brought the crowded boat back safe to Castletown quay was always a mystery to John.' He was 'always inclined to' regard the whole affair as somewhat supernatural. In truth, he.was possessed by feeling? far beyond those that move us to 'ordinary nction, and the enthusiasm that filled his own soul he. imparted to the half- drowhed men be came to save'. They-obeayed'him as if he had beei a giod,:arid- John had part of his rewaed in ,the shouts that greeted the boat as she slowly and danderously neared the land. SBuat when John himself lifted Philip Seville out of ia, and in his strong,' loving arms carriced him as a mother would caryy a child, men warc afraid to speak; for there was an cxlta ion in his manner toht a'ed them; so. alio when the rector drew him into the eqsr e, and a great crowd gathercd -ound the jdstifi'd man, there were more hand-shakins I than wetds, for the Mana are a siloet people, more givcn to actions than profcesions.. Philip". explanation was a. natural one. Erly onrie idnorninig, he lihad 'met out. 't sea che yacht o. an old ompa- don, and learned from him that his. elder brother had.been killed by a railway accident, and that the family lawyer was looking for him. -As there was only two steamers a week between the Island and Liverpool, and as it would be im possible to catch the one ssiling that day. his friend 'had offered to'run him across to Liverpool in his yacht. Without much thought,'he had accepted the offer leaving a note in the boat to inform his landlady what tob-do with his effects if anyone found the boat, whioh was almost certain.to be the ease. He had also instructed his lawyer to write to Castletdwn; but both directione had failed. Probably the note'had been blown away; and thelawyer, amid the moreimportant business of settling up and transferring.the estate, had not thought the few Sovereigns lying in Castletown of urgent interest, and of graver consequences hewas totally ignorant; Then Philip hhd been compelled to leave England immediately with a sister,' whose delicate health the shock of her brother's death had greatly injured. Amid the delights of Rame, he forgot his COstletown life, until one morning, about a; month ';revious, in a 'package of delayed Efnglish letters, he found one fromh the rector of :Castletowri, detailing the wretched eonsequences of Mr. Saville's disappearance.. This letter had been sent to the family seat after Philip'' departure for Italy, had been forwarded to his lawyer in London, and, after many delays, finally reached thd right person. Without a moment's delay, Philip had started for England, and flinding that in winter steemers only run once a week te tween the Island and Liverpool, he hired a small craft to bring him over at occe to Castletown, and he had thus met.the storm that had so nearly proved fatal. 'There are some calamities that never meet adequate compensation, for Job does not always re cover his sons and daughters, hlt everything that a friendship consecrated and sealed in the very presence of death could devise, and everything that abundant wealth could ?er form, Philip did to'recompense 'the weary, shameful months that were irreclaimable. Henceforward, John sailed his own shabip, and Mary received as her wedding gift the prettiest cottage in her native' villageo, and together they have oseen many good days, and had their full share of prosperity. "Now you never smell the odor of liquor on my breath," said the young clergyman, expostulating with Staggers for his bibulous propensities. "No; what do. you. do for it 1" asked) Staggers, with deep interest.. THE German of it.-" That Blythe isa good deal of a hypocrite." "In what way ?" " Why, he's the kind of a man that would strain at a beer and swallow a kummel." How do you like that young Yale man you employed as messenger, Mr Bairkins ?" " He's a very good fellow," returned the banker; "he lets ma do pretty much as I plase,"' 