; OsQUDBBir's Hospital SuwBAr.— Sunday, HarchS; was Children's Hospital Sunday, on whlab day it was requested that oolleotions ahould be made {in the various Sunday* aohbols in the oolony on behalf of that In. atitution. Up to Marob 11, the amount teojiveel was £46 2s. 6d., including £1 4a. Jj, Irom Qawler Barer Wesleyan SohooL and 6s. «d. from Lady Alice Wesleyan Gawler Baptist Church,—The anniver- sary services of the Gawler Baptist Church will be held on Sunday and Monday next. The Rev. H. D. Smith, of Hindmarsh, a former pastor of the Church, will occupy the pulpit morning and evening on Sunday. On Monday the usual tea and public meet- ings will be held; Mr. C. H. Goode will occupy the chair at the latter meeting, and addresses will be given by the Revs. H. D. Smith and W. Bell, M.A. ' iViSoirax.-EsFOBX. — On Friday last a pre Uadnary meeting of delegates from «everal BMkeeper's Aasooistions was held at the Ghamber '?'& -.. Manofaoturers, Adelaide, to 4isonss|the advisability of 'forming a Honey ^nort Company. The Hon. John Warren, M.L.C., ocoupled the ohair, and hoped that the movement would result in a large in orease in the honey exports of the oolony. A oommittee consisting of Messrs. A. W. S. Wild, F. W. Qae, S. J. Mitchell, A.Sheard, and Dollman were appointed- to draft a prospeotos and report to a future meeting. '?? , v'-Jtnz' oh Mkthodi8T Union.— So long '.« religion is. associated with the eontribn tiom of threepenny-bits or half-crowns (says Quk) so longjinll it be powerless to move the masses. We hear a great deal nowadays ?boat toe need for a general onion of the Methodist Churches. It is a subject that provides food for discussion every year, but ' are you any nearer to onion than you were tea years aeo. I doubt it. What is the . «bstaole in the path ? It is the cloven foot ,t ol finance. The Wesleyana are a rich body, bat the Primitive Methodists are com paratively poor. The Wesleyans are apparently afraid of sacrificing too much in ?^ -?% monetary sense if they unite with the ::f iPrimitives. 'The love of money is the root *of all evil,' and that love exists jost as much in the Church as it does in the world. 'Why, If the Wesleyans be Binoere, should they haggle about a few pounds, seeing that ,'. the alleged resultB of unity would be an advancement of the ' Kingdom o$ Christ ?' Is the' Almighty dollar so powerful ? \-- ,is ChsWTiTKttT the best medicine known is n *; ' Sander and Sons' Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in obnghB, ,-..... ?' ^ianMa, faflnwnti*— tha TaTlnf in inntatitftnnfii^ ^ »S la serious oases, and accidents of all kinds, $*| be they wounds, burns, soaldings, bruises. L£! ?prains, it is the safest remedy— no swelling, m, |&.i#wnmation, Like surprising effects' ry^ produced in. croup, diphtheria, bronchitis, E*f Inflammation -of, ma bugs, swellings, etc: €.'?? diarrhoBa, dysentry, diseases of the kidneys . - '^aad urinary organs. In use at hospitals and \- ' 'mjftdlcal clinics all over the globe; patronised p ? ; ? by His Majesty the King ofltaly ; crowned \if r with medal and diploma at International jH*f-\\.;J Sxbibitiou, Amsterdam. Trust in this a'p- m prored article, and reject all others. 44-96 Wi''- Titality and color are restored to weak '^^*»d grey hair, by the use of Ayer's Hair '*'%Eor. Through its cleaning and healing ?v qualities, It prevents dandrnff and pureo aQ ^ scalp diseasef, ' - ? S^.^-^n:--''.'~';'^- . .??'?-??.-- . .? ' ??? ? * ,. ??' i -.? Thb Monster Candle CoMPKcmoir. As will be seen by advertisement Mr. Fisher's monster candle *illt be lit on Monday evening next at 8 o'olock. The most successful guesser of the length of time during which the caudle will burn will hi presented with a prize of £2. The next nearest guesser will receive £1. The Babossa Wateb. Scheme Wanted. — The Haniley Bridge correspondent of the Kapunda Herald writes :— ' There is a -ieal of water-carting being done, and if farmers were only paid a medium rate for same they would be making a far better harvest than the last harvest proper was to them. While deputations are so popular it might be well for a monster one of some thousands to wait on some member of the Ministry and nrge payment for all this labor, and wear, and tear, and faorsefeed, and also urge that the Barossa water soheme be started forthwith. Such a deputation could present a strong case if they only counted the hundreds of tons of water the trains cart from Gawler every week up as far m Mintaro, and a stronger case still if they^ were to show the wmsige aone 10 ins engines uuuugu uBuig -ad water. Gawler Mining Machinery fob Tas oawia.— Mr. W. H. Wesley, a raining jngineer and manager of the Mount Zeehan Silver Lead Mine, Tasmania, has just paid i visit to Messrs. May Brothers Gawler Foundry and Engineering Works, for the purpose of ord-ring a crashing and con jentrating plant for the above-named mine. Before giving the order Mr. Wesley visited Broken .Bill and inspected the various dress ing plants in use, and finally decided to adopt May Bros patent machinery, being, in His opinion, the simplest an4 most suitable for the work. The plant will oonsut of engine; boiler, . rock-breaker, rolls, sizing and classijfyiog trommols, jig_s, elevators, fcc , and Ib to be delivered in nine weeks. The plant will be capable of treating about four tons per hour. This will oe the first d easing plant erected on the Mount Zeehan silver field. Mr. Wesley is quite confident that May Bros plant will treat the Mount Zeehan ores snccesBfally. A New Labour-saving Contbivanoe — At the establishment of Messrs. George Magg knd Co., North-terrace, may be seen in daily operation (says the Register) a very effective labour-saving appliance, the inven tion of Mr. W. J. Carroll, the Manager. The large trade done by the firm in cut fire wood brought suoh a number oF drayB to the yard that to minimize the time lost in wait* Ing for loads Mr. Carroll has carried out an idea which entirely ' supersedes the old method of band .loading. Alongside the men ontting at the circular saw is fixed, at a moderate incline, a large open shuts ele vator, inside of which an endless chain with ' buckets,' or wooden nprightB, is made to work on the dredger prinoiple. As fast as the wood falls into the elevators it is carried upwards into a bin, with a holding capacity of 15 tonB, and made narrow at the bottom. The dray to be loaded is stationed under* neath the bin, the drayman by a rope and Dulley hoiBts an iron *' gate' outwards, and in a tew seconds a ton of wood falls through. The gate readily closes when required, and the practised eye knows almost to a nicety when * ton is deposited. The work of half an hour under the old method is thus accom plished in five or six seoonds, resulting in a Urjte annual saving to the firm. On a weighbridge close by the load is checked and properly completed. It is Mr. Carroll's in tention to patent his invention. \Mx. Carroll is a brother-in-law of Mr. James Gnllan and was a resident of this town for several years.] Novel Method of Church Financing. — jLempuB m tut) .mount j-arKer paper gives the following dipping from the San Francisco OhronicU :— At Burns, a little town 20 miles from Buffalo, a new money raising soheme was introduced at a church social. The Lutheran Church is heavily in debt, and the ladies advertised a 'social' in the ahuroh to raise money to pay the preacher. The men of the congregation had all been seen and informed that the women had a big surprise for them. The men gathered in full force end fairly packed the room. Across one end was a curtain, and when it was suddenly withdrawn there in a row stood six of the prettiest women in the congregation, blushing .and smiling, eaoh \- bearing vpon her bosom a placard on which were the words—' You may kiss me foe 25 vents.' It was 15 minutes before the device began to work, but when it did the silver quarters fairly showered into the aprons of the yonng ladies. Old and young eagerly rushed to the front to exchange coins for kisses. The show lasted only a short time when the curtain was again drawn. Then the' storm hurst. Women were jealous of their husbands, and a dozen or more family fights'were started at onoe. Scrambling for the door followed, and for over two nonrs the church members gossiped and fought on the sidewalks.- TbeyJnally dispersed, and a factional church fight is the result. No services were held at the church on the next Sunday. YioroBiAK Lands.— The second great sub diviBional sale of mallee allotments in the Ultima Estate is advertised in our columns to take place on the 25th inst, at 'Bell's Hall, Swan Hill. Land round Swan Hill is equal, and in some instances far superior to any in Northern Victoria. Terms and conditions at this sale are very easy. The vendor has had many applications to sell the remaining blocks privately ; but has decided to give all intending purchasers an equal chance at auction. His action at original sale should 4» a warrant of good faith. He desires to remind settlers generally that many allot ments purchased at the orginal sale have been resold at very substantial iboreases, that rapid and good returns are obtained from mallee lauds at a small ready cash out lay, and that mallee land near Swan Hill while quite as good in quality is far cheaper than land in other districts. Swan Hill is about 20 joules nearer Melbourne than Warraoknabeal, and is a railway terminus. Moreover produce can either be sent away by rail or river. Swan Hill must become a large agricultural distriot very soon. Rough on Gawleb Paemebh.— Comment- ing on the National Defence League and the formation of a branch at Gawler, the Port Adelaide New says t— -The strange part of the Gawler meeting is that farmers were bo unsophisticated as to rush into the arms of squatters for protection ! They are assured that evil-mined socialists contemplate con fiscating their hard-earned property, and they gratefully embrace the aid of the noble, high-minded squatters; who at this very time are robbing them of over £100,000 a year fay one of the most iniquitous pieces of legislative administration ever perpetrated ! The farmers have indeed shown the simplicity of sheep in , placing themselves under the protection t-f such a Wolf in stolen sheep's clothing; but we 'hope that the sheepish «implicity exhibited will be confined to those Gawler farmers who attended the recent meeting. Tss Price of National Defence League Sr/CCJHs.— If the National Defence League were able to rule things as it desires, our own opinion is (says the Port Adelaide News) that labor, finding all methods of con stitntionsl redress hopeless of attainment, would adoptjthe only meam left— that of violent revolutionary measures. And in the adoption of such violent measures the National, Defence League party would fare ill. They would find that in depending upon the efficiency of the police or military as an organized body they would be leaning upon a rotten reed, for those men would decline to act against their fellows, who were only employing :foice as a dernier resort com pulsory thrust upon them by their oppress ors. In such a struggle, with evil passions inflamed, and with opportunities given to the criminal classes, many unjustifiable on? ? rages would be bonni to be mixed up with what was justifiable. Hence we thick that were the National Defence League wise it would pray to be saved from itself, and be thankful for its utter impotenoy to success fully carry through its crusade to boyootfc representatives of labor and progressive social ideas from entering Parliament. Take Ayer's Pills and be cured. Misery is a mild word; to describe the sufferings of body andinlnd, caused by habitual constipa tion. A moderate use of Ayer1*- Pills will invariably regulate the bowed, Bicrc&E; Race. — The race from Gawler to Lynrtoch between the members of the ' Gawler Bioyole Club was run on Saturday i afternoon last. There were four entries, but only three went to the post, and were started by Mr. Morris, The limit man A. Wingate, was dispatched at 3.30, F. H. Miller and H.fi Grose following 9 minutes later. It resulted in a very easy win for Wingate, Grose being' second, Wingate and Miller covered the distance in 52 minutes, and Grose in 48 minutes. Wesletan Conference. — The Wesleyan Conference of South Australia concluded its annual ressions on Saturday, having eat for ten days. The JRev. James Allen was elected President, the election being the first in which the ministerial and lay mem bers of the Conference have voted together for the purpose of electing a President. Previously only the ministerial members took part. Amongst many discussions was one on the question of Methodist union, and it was decided to appoint a committee which should act in conjunction with com mittees from the other Methodist Churohes. Tne Rev. T. Lloyd of Gawler was amongst the speakers, and he denied that there was unholy rivalry at present. It was rivalry to save souls. They knew that if Methodism stood alone it would go to sleep, and it needed a little rivalry to keep them awake. He would not sink competition in Church matters, but he believed there was a union ooming far greater and broader than that of Methodist union — a union of the Christian Churches. The membership was Bet down as 7,794, an increase of 356 for the year. Temperance, bible reading in schools, and other ' moral ' questions were discussed. With referenoe to the attitude of the Church concerning amusements the following resolution was carried at the instance of the Rev. R. M. Hunter :—' This Conference, while retarding its gratitude for the good that is being established by the various agencies of the Church, is nevertheless of the opinion that the growing love of recrea tion and amusement now so generally prevalent in these lands is in danger of be coming, if it has not already become, a very B9rions hindrance to large and enduring success. It also deprecates very earnestly the doubtful — sometimes the positively com promising — attitnde which memberB and even officials of the Church show with regard to dancing, the theatre, and other essentially worldly amusement'.' In the lilt of stations for the ensuing twelve months the Rev. T. Lloyd ib set down for Gawler, and the Rev. G. W. Kendrew for Tempters aud Stookpoct. Diphthebia at Waslbts.— At the last meeting of the Central Board of Health the Secretary to the Local Board of Health for Mudla Wirra South — in compliance with a request from the Board — furnished a report in referenoe to an outbreak, of diphtheria amongst the children attending the public ?school at Wasleye. There had been several oases and one death, but at the time of in speotion there was only one case in the immediate neighborhood. The closet pits were about' one-third fall, that used by the boys being slightly offensive, although there was evidence that lime had been used as a disinfectant. At present the water supply is from an iron tank, but there ia an under ground tank, now dry, badly cracked, and situated near the olosets, the pits of whioh have been known to be flooded by the storm waters. The Looal Board some time ago served a notice for the removal of the closets to a more snitable locality, but it had not been complied with. At some of the houses where the disease had occurred the ciosst accommodation was very defeotive, In these oases nonces now naa oeen servea. xz was resolved that the Chief Inspeotor should visit the locality and report. Gawlee Railway Refbeshmbnt Room. — At the annual meeting of the Licensed Victuallers.' Association last week, Mr. W. H. Wadey, the solicitor to the Association, mentioned that an application had been made to the Licensing Benoh on the previous Tues day for a refreshment- room license at the Gawler Railway Station. He had opposed the application on behalf of two licensed victuallers of Gawler, and he thought that there was very little chance of any one gett ing a licence for that purpose. There was a great desire on the part of the Railway Commissioners to get licenses for refreshment rooms, not only at Gawler, but at nearly every station on the railway line. He Baid that advisedly. The Chairman of the Railway Commissioners had told him frankly that such was the case. The more that licences for refreshment-rooms were granted the more were the licensed victuallers interfered .with, and it behoved the members to bestir themselves when appli cations of this kind were made. If there had been no opposition to the Gawler application the licenoe would have been granted in the usual course, and if the stand taken in that case were followed np there . would be very few licenoes of that sort granted. The Pbess and the Pugmt.— In his sermon at the Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening the Rev. R. ? M. Hunter made a passing reference to the attitude of the press towards the pulpit. The papers, he said, gave them a great deal of good advice. Pressmen were wonderfully wise. They knew everybody elses business/perhaps better than their own; It was marvellous the amount of good advice they got from them. They were told that they should not say so muota about sin, but a great deal more about sanitary conditions, better land laws, &o.; Such questions as the Single Tax, socialism, wiser {laws, could be more effectively I. dealt with on the platform by the lecturer. It required no baptism of the Spirit to teach socialism, no baptism of the Holy Ghost to bring about wiser laws, but the preaching of forgiveness of sin was) a divine mission and should be the main theme of the pulpit. Intercolonial Visitobs. — On Monday someof the intercolonial delegates to the Red Rust Conference, headed by Professor Lowrie, called at Gawler on their way to Angaston, and inspected the works of Messrs. Martin and Co. The visitors -were highly pleased with what they saw, and in the coarse of a little speechifying1 subsequently referred in complimentary terms to the enterprise of the firm. The Hon. Jas Martin in acknowledg ing a vote of thanks stated that the object of the firm had been to get the very latest and best machinery. The manufacture of brillock-drays was the most important industry when he commenced business in Gawler, forty-four years ago, and at that time there was not a farm in existence between Adelaide and the Burra. On re turning from Angaston on Tuesday, a call was made at the Roseworthy College. Here the visitors were disappointed, not, how ever, with the character of the work done at the institution, but at its unfavourable situation and the unsatisfactory condition of the water supply. Even drinking water has bad to be carted from Gawler for months past. The visitors were unable to get a wash for some time after their arrival on account of the water difficulty. They re turned to Adelaide on Tuesday evening. The Gawler Geological and Minera logical Class.— On Monday last Sir John Downer and Mr. E. H. Coombe waited on the Acting Minister of Education (Hon. J. G. Jenkins) in reference to the application of the Gawler Geological and Mineralogical Class for a lecturer on chemistry. It has been the .custom of the Adelaide School of Mines to send a lecturer to Gawler one night per week, but at the beginning of this year the local class asked that a chemistry lecturer might be sent instead of one on geology. This application wasjeent on to the Minister of Education by the Council of the School of Mines, who stated they bad now nothing to do with branches. They would, however, be glad to re- establish former re lations with the class if the Minister would find the money. The deputation on Monday urged that the matter should be settled as soon as possible as the course of lectures should have been commenced nearly a month ago. The Minister promised that a decision should be come to at once, and ex pressed tbe opinion that it was quite within the province of tbe Council of the School of Mines to deal with the matter. A conference of the Northern Agricultural Bureaus took place at Gladstonejon Tuesday. Bbavbbf Recognised. — Tbe Royal Humane Society of Australasia have awarded a brpnza medal to our townsman Mr. J, Rawling, who rescued Mrs. Sarah Pope of Norwood from drowning at Encounter Bay on the Sist December last. Pbtvate Pkopebtt in Land. — We are re quested to call the attention of the public to tbe fact that Mr. J. C. Wilkinson will sub mit to auction at the Old Spot Hotel this evening, two residences on Chnrcb Hill on account of Messrs H. J. and H. J. B. Mather. The Centennial Exhibition and Novelt* Museum. — Mr. George Lingard's wonderful mechanioal exhibition in Wood man's Skating Rink has been well patronised during the week, and has been much admired. Mr. Lingard announces that the show will be closed to-morrow evening. Those who have not yet visited the Exhibi tion will be able to do so to-morrow at half the usual price. National Defence League Meeting at Two Wells.— In accordance with an ad vertisement published in last week's Bunyip a large meeting of farmers in the district of Port Gawler, Virginia, and neighborhood, was held in the Two Wells Institute, on Monday afternoon last. Mr. O. Temby occupied the ohair. Mr. M. Burgess, tbe secretary of the National Defence League, was present and delivered an address on the objects and methods of the organization. After discussion it was decided to form a branch of the league. Mr. W. McCord was appointed hon. sec. pro. iem., and took the names of all present as members of the branch. The eleotion of officers was deferred till a future meeting. A hearty vote of thanks was given to Mr. Burgess for his attendance and address. Juvenile Hibernian Picnic. —About 40 members of the Gawler Juvenile Hibernian Lodge had an enjoyable onting to Williams town on Wednesday.! Aocompanied by their superintendents '.Messrs. P. Malone, James Tully and F. J, Broderick, the young folks were accommodated in Mr. W. H. Baker's large bus with five-in-hand, and conveyed to the Williamstown reserve. Here they had a real good time. Racing, jumping, tugging, scrambling, eating, and drinking, kept the youngsters 'brimming over with life and merriment for several hours. Several prizes were provided by Mends, as well as a bountiful Bupply of refreshments, fruit, &o.; The return journey completed a very pleasurable day. Nabbow Escape at HAMLBr Bridge.— As the last passenger train to Adelaide last evening approached the Hamley railway bridge it was noticed that two men were making across the structure from tbe opposite direction As there is no room on the bridge for passengers whlie the train is crossing the pedestrians were in imminent danger although they did not appear to know it. The engine-driver, however, per ceived the seriousness of the position and put on brakeB with all haste succeeding in pulling up when half-way aoross the bridge. By this time the men had become alive to their danger and had beat a hasty retreat. Their names were taken for report to bead quarters. Had the driver not been on the alert a serious catastrophe would have resulted, Gband National Irish Congest.— The patriotism of the Irish folk of this neighbor hood fairly bubbled last night at the In stitute Hall, when in addition to tbe in spiring remembrances, attaching to St. Patrick's Day, the soul stirring strains of several songs, native to me ouiu soa, ana spiritedly sang, awoke the national echoes of the past. Even those who cannot boast of the possession of Irish blood in their veins caught the enthusiasm of the oooasion. The attendance was fairly good, but not so satisfactory as tbe entertainment and its occasion deserved. The programme was arranged by Mr. Gordon, Choirmaster of St. Francis Xsvier's Cathedral Choir, and the BUocess of the evening amply testified to the suitableness of his selections.- National Irish songs, ofloourse predominated, and inolnded 'Come Back to Erin,' ' 'Tia the last rose of Sammer,' 'Kathleen Mavourneen.' 'Barney O'Hea,' 'The Dear Little Shamrock,' while the programme was opened with the chorus ' God save Ireland.' The vocalists comprised Adelaide and Gawler amateurs. Of the visitors Miss Hines contributed one song, and with Miss Korff rendered two duets, both ladies being well received. Messrs Dale and Mclnerney, tenors, both rendered songs in a pleasing manner. The comic element was well represented by Messrs E. Maley. A. Lockwood, and J. Sharp, and several recalls were made. In response to one the latter gave an amusing Cornish yarn. The local vocalists were Mrs. Coles, who sang ' 'Tis the Last Rose of Summer,' Miss Veale, and Messrs Walker, Parkes, and Congdon. . Miss Veale was very successful with ' Barney O'Hea,' and had to repeat the last verse. Mr. Walker was in specially good trim, and his song '0, steer my barque' was the best of the evening. Mr. Parkes was also in good voice in 'Kathleen Mavourneen' and in a duet, while Mr. Congdon's ' Irish Airs' on the cornet were in his best style. Miss Lynch played most of the accompaniments, and in excellent taste. The audience were impartial and unstinted in their applause, and voted the evening a very enjoyable one. Held Over. — Leading matter, and Burra correspondence. 