-+- 1 . .... OHAPTER XXXII (Continued). I "Ha! Miss Carrie, you here? but I sup pose the news of last night's escapade .a brought you over. I hope my patient knows nothing of the affair, for 1 am' told he was opposed to the marriage. I can't see why, for Philip Vane is an elegant and clever young fellow, and the heiress hasn't made h such a bad choice. Poor Fontaine's mind was probably no clearer on that score than on others, or he would not have opposed r.. wishes." , h-IASTI?GS, Fridays' at Mr , doctr.- t well founded," she cold y replied. "I".did' p! not come over on Savella's account, but to remove Isola to the Vale. I am sorry to be say that she has been attacked by illness, P, brought on, it seems, by the scent of the ai fresh paint upon the house. Mr. Summer ton gave her such remedies as he' consi- c dered necessary, and she is much better; fc but I shall be glad if you will go up and see n: her before you leave." " Of course; such eases are not uncom- p mon, and Isola has a very sensitive tem- C perament. But I must first go in and see b how Fontaine is. It is a melancholy hallu- n cination he labours under, and I almost c despair of dispelling it." P "Is it even so!" said Miss Carleton, with is a slight shudder. "Is there no hope for h him ?" " I can see none, for there is a cause for d the spectral illusion in this case-a fatal n cause, which medical skill can never re move." a " Their eyes met, and both felt that the g other knew what the dire cause was. She h presently asked: " Can I not see him? I do not wish to speak with him ; only to look upon him and I form my own judgment as tohiscondition.' a " I can easily manage that for you. Pass through this window, and remain in the library while I am with him in his own apartment. I have had a curtain placed in front of the door to conceal the person I who watches near him, as it made him ir- a ritable to have someone always in sight. t You can shelter yourself behind it and look on him while he talks with me." While he was speaking the doctor opened the blind and threw up the sash of the win- I dow. Ciesar aroused himself as he heard them enter, and arose with a deep bow and 1 a look of intense surprise as he recognised Miss Carleton. Shemotioned to him to re main silent, and passed with the physician towards the heavy folds of damask that swept to the floor. Dr. Sinclair lifted them aside and entered the large room, while Miss Carleton, with a quickly beating heart, placed herself in such t a position as to enable her to look into Fon taine's apartment without being herself I seen. He was sitting with his face turned to- I wa rd her, holdings a fragment of paper in his hainds;which he nervously turned from - side to side, rolling it up and smoothing it I :out alternately, as if unconscious of what he was doing. The crimson cushions of s the large chair on which he sat threw out 1 his statuesque head, with its clearly cut features, now nearly as colourless as 1 marble itself. His large black eyes, as they wandered restlessly around the room, had 1 in them the same wild, unsettled expres sion they had worn on that last morning at the Vale; and the concealed visitor shrank from meeting them again with, a sort of suppressed feeling that shivered through her aching heart. When Dr. Sinclair appeared before him, Fontaine's gaze dwelt an instant upon him, and then dropping his paper he stretched out his hand, and said, in his natural voice: "Let me grasp your hand, doctor,'to con vince myself that you are real. I am so haunted by phantoms that I cannot distin guish flesh and blood from them unless I touch it." " I, at all events, am a substantial en tity, Fontaine, and I never intend to visit any of my friends in a ghostly shape. Have your filmy friends multiplied? At first it was only one that visited you." " Yes," he mysteriously replied; " he has brought others with him. He was the dead demon; but he has called others to aid him in his. work of torture. He has brought up Banquo's ghost, with those that came to Richard III. the night before the battle of Bosworth. He has even gone back into the days of antiquity and summoned that gob lin grim who stood beside, the couch of Brutus and said, ' Meet me at Phillippi I' Ah ! it was death that met him there; but my familiar gives me no such welcome warning.". " Why should you wish to die, Fontaine ? You have much to live for," was the sooth I Much inmdich- yes, I comprehend that; yet it would be a mercy to me to die. If I could wipe this red stain from my hand. I might clasp one that could drive every evil Sifrom me; but it deepens, it darkens with ; every.hourz, doctor, Oh!murder is a fear fotr:, s almeie;. and he who commits it meditts. -e;ath. I had ratherpay thati penalty'ihan" live the life to which I am doomed." ."Then you are tired of being shut up here ? If you wish it, I will permit you to walk out out daily. You need not go be: yond your own grounds." Fontaine slowly shook his head. "No, Sinclair; I will not make a spec tacle of myself to my ownupeopl'e. Besides, the phantom forbids that; he is standing between us now, and he frowns even at the proposal from you. No-these rooms shall become my living grave for I .will not go beyond them." " We shall see when the spring weather. comes. It is cold now, and it is. well far you to stay in doors." "Once I breasted the storm and defied the wind; now I am as a reed shaken by its faintest breath. Sinclair, who is behind that curtain? I feel a presence there that wafts sweetness and comfort to me. Who is it?" ' He half arose as if to approach the shaded door, but the physician placid his hand upon his arm, and said: "A friend of yours is there, but she did not intend to intrude upon you. Would it please you to see her? You are socalm to day that I .think her visit will. not harm you." Fontaine sank back, and in an 'azoited whisper said: -'Bring her in II know--I know who :it must be." w i. sinclatir went to the cartein, drew 1i asides and led forward the woman who had tl watched and listened with her heart upon t her lips. Fontaine advanced to meet her with his usual stately elegance, but when she offered him her cold hand, he rapidly t drew her toward him, and pressed her to / his breast and said: "You have come to the lost one, Carrie You might have saved me, if I dared to lay the burden of my sin upon your innocent heart. But I could not-I could not; and and now I am demon- haunted, while my angel is far from me. Ah I there it is now -gliding between us with its deadly breath -chilling me to the heart." His arms dropped-down suddenly, and he tottered as if about to fall. Dr. Sinclair t hastened to support him to his.seat, and after a few moments he became more com posed. . Miss Carleton gently asked: "Is there no 1 ?.made happy by: bing admitted in -t o t He'regarded her vacantly, and seems be obnsidering the meaning of her words. Presently he presseý his hand to his head and said : "Yes, yes-I remember. I called her my f child; I loved lie: as such ; but the demon 0 forbids me to do so any longer. He com- a mands me not to look upon her, and I dare t not disobey him. But you can take my w place. Take Isola to your heart, Carrie d Carleton, and she will prove as great a blessing to you as she might have been to ' b me, but for this cruel, cruel persecution. I cannot see her again; her presence is op pressive to me; and-and-now even yours is becoming so. There stands the phantom his wrathful face is turned upon you. Go away, I entreat, or he may gain the same diabolical power over you that he has over me." He put up his hand deprecatingly, and at a sign from the physician Miss Carleton glided from the ap artment, carrying with her the painful fear that Claude Fontaine ' uind was wrecked beyond restoration. Miss Carleton wrote a brief note to Mrs. Berkely, describing the condition of iffairs at La Fontaine, and requesting her to send over such articles of clothing as she might require during her stay. The carriage was sent back with this: and unable to remain within doors with the weight upon her heart that seemed crushing her to the earth, Carrie Carleton wandered out into the grounds, and sought to exhaust her emotion by rapid exercise. She spent many hours in this bitter struggle with herself, and more than once the cry came to her lips: "Oh, would that the right was mine to be near him for ever-for ever!" OHAPTER XXXIII. NEWS FFRO0 oEOIOE. As the dinner hour drew near, Miss Carleton returned to the house and went up to Isola's room. She found her sitting up in bed, while she read George Berkely's letter. There was a glow upon her lately colourless face, and her eyes sparkled with her nsual animation. .Miss . Carleton had recovered outward composure, and with her usual affectionate kindness she said: " I see that you are agreeably employed, so I will leave you to the enjoyment of George's letter. Dr. Sinclair promised to see you beft ore he left. I suppose he has been up." "Yes-he came with Mr. Summerton; bnut I was sleeping so soundly that they did not arouse me. The Senora was here just now, and told me that he said I had been extremely ill, but 1 ams now doing well." "Ho approved of Mr. Summetton's treat ment ?" "Yes, entirely." This assurance satisfied her friend, and removed the fears she felt in spite of the solicitude of the Italian for Isola's re covery. She lingered long enough to ar range her dress, and then left the girl to read again ths letter which contained so much that was precious to her. During the months that had elapsed since the departure of George Berkely, Isola had learned to look on him as her future companion for life. All his true qualities arose before her in vivid contrast of Philip, and the warm friendship she had cherished for George assumed the hue of love. She felt that she could iinplicitly trust that honest nature, and give him that entire respect without which affection can have no firm basis. His letter ran thus "St. Petersburg, "November, 15, 18 "My Beloved Isola:-Your precious letter has just reached me. It gives me the right toaddress you thus, for in it I behold the pledge that my Peri will, in time, fold her wings in the nest it shall- be my sweetest care to prepare for her. "My darling, I am happy, for I know that you would not have replied to my last letter if in your heart a spring of tendef ness had not opened for me. I'will prove myself worthy of .it, Isola,. and I feel.the sweet assurance that I can make your hap piness, as you will mine, in the futuire which looms before me bathed in the rosy huiies :of love. "But I must not fill ny lettsr with pro - testations which you do no'oteed- to assures yo bf ithe depth` of inmysffection:for you. That, you know, is indestructible as life itself. I have become that important per- sonage to the home circle he has left be hind him--a traveller in foreign lands; and: my communications will have especial in terest from a country so little known to ' oitside barbarians,' as Iussia ! therefore I must endeavour to maintain the character of an intelligent observer. "I have now been in St. Petersburg several weeks, and we have weather to which our keenest mountain breeze .is com parative summer. "Our ambassador has been received- by the Emperor, and his subordinates have, with him, attended a court ball. -There I had the honour of an introduction to the the grandest looking man I have ever seen. "Nicholas is a magmnficent man; and as ourteous as he is handsome. He was sur rounded by a brilliant group of officers who had distinguished themselves in his ser-: vice.. . S"Among them was a. stately-looking man, who attracted me from the first mo ment my eyes fell on him. I cannot tell why this was, for he was not more striking in his appearance than many others near Shim.' He was a middle-aged man, with. hair sprinkled with grey, and the expression of one who has suffered wrong, hardship, and disappointment; all of which had been. merged in the philosophic determinatibn to make the most of what Heaven spared from the wrecked hopes he had left scattered upon his life-path. , - - "I inquired who he was, and- learned . - •· .. . . + " " .? • "- + + . :" " .+: . i+? that he Is an Italian of the name of Fon tani, who for many years has been -in-the -P employment of the Emperor as an engineer. ti His services have been rewarded with the t title of Baron and a large estate near Mos- it cow; and the decorations he wore bore wit ness to nse triumphs he has gained. But he soon retired from the gay scene, in g which he only appeared at the command of S his master. " It would fill up my letter to describe to h you the magnificence of the scene on this occasion. ImagineAladdin's palace illumi- e nated with radiance, and filled with a crowd w of lovely and richly-dressed women, at- h tended by cavaliers-in brilliant court cos- ti tume. hi "It was late when we made our cong6; cf in my sleigh was Charles Brinsley, my fel- st low attach6, and myself; the night was en- t chanting; the moon was shining with a P lustre that: rendered every object risible, and we'sped oveer the snow-clad earth with - p eth?. eetf-loc.tyotth .wind.. At a audde'n trni.ng, or.,slenih came in conwidle with 3 gain .caLs. Ta he retSrig rection. The co islson was so violent that le one of our horses fell in the traces; but the h fiery steeds of the other sleigh swerved to ao one side, dashed forward, evidently unman ageable by the driver, who had been par- be taking too freely of the strong waters to which his countrymen are much ad- si dicted. st "A gentleman attempted to spring out, pa but caught his foot in the leopard skin' with lo which the sleigh was lined, and fell in such a position as so'be in danger of having his brains dashed out by the horses. I sprang to his assistance, seized the reins, and suc ceeded in holding them in till Brinsley and the driver could come to my assistance. "The check enabled the prostrate man e. to recover his footing and extricate himself r from his perilous position. He spoke to b the horses, and they stood docile and obe- 'I dient to his voice. He thanked us for our efforts to serve him, and insisted that we should accept seats in his vehicle since ours was disabled. He said: " I an Baron Fontani, and I am on my way to the palace to lay before the Em peror some despatches which have just ar rived; but I pledge myself not to detain you many moments, and Iwill then set you down at your own hotel.' O" f course we accepted his offer; and taking the reins in his ,own hands, the Baron bade his driver remain with ours and aid him in every possible manner. " After a brief interview with the Czar, a he returned to us, and soon set us down at our own door. On parting from me he gave me his card, and requested me to call on him on the following day. I, of course, availed myself of his invitation to visit him. "At as early an hour as I hoped to find him free to receive friendly calls, I went to his palace. He met me with his kindness; 1 was pleased to exaggerate the service I had rendered him, and showed as much interest in my affairs as if he had been a friend. of long standing. "The Baron informed me that in his youth he had travelled in the United States. Many portions of the country in terested him deeply, especially the moun tain scenery of my native state, with which . he seemed familiar. He showed me ' Jeff erson's Notes on Virginia' in his library; and I discovered that lie understands Eng lish, though at first he spoke to me in French. "He showed me several sketches, which he said he had purchased from a wandering artist; and among them I found a picture of the Vale, and another of La Fontaine. He pointed to the latter, and said: "' I was induced to take that because the name is so nearly my own. Do you know of such aeplace in your native State?' "I told him all about the place and the connection between its owner and my family.- I cannot describe to you the in terest with which he listened. He inquired about Mr. Fontaine-his habits, his peculi arities; and when I had finished my de scription, he said: "' From your account of him, one would think this man a king among his peers. How is it that he has never married ?" "I could not explain that, but I referred to constitutional melancholy as the pro bable cause. He seemed struck with that, and quickly asked: "'Is there no other cause for that sad ness? It seems to me that the owner of this beautiful place, situated in a bracing mountain atmosphere, and surrounded, as you say he is, by kind and steadfast friends, should be able to rid himself of the morbid taint in his blood to which you refer.' "' He had much to sadden his youth,' I told him; but the Baron was not satisfied till he drew from me the whole of that sad, story about Henry Fontaine. When I had finished, he said: If your friend was guiltless 'in that affair, why should he cherish the feelings you have described? I am afraid there is a dark stain on the ermine of his robe, spotless as you would have me believe it.' ;:-Forgve mre, Isola 'for ,repeating his :wor~s to you, .for we know-v how; puore, how znoble Mr. Fontaine is how far above any temptation to crime andy such zosme as "I spe;iii'edily disab'used my new frieind' of this idea; but he han'shownr the interest lie takes in the subject by frequently .referring to it when we meet, and the mystery of .Henry Fontaine's fate seenis to possess as strong an attraction for him as it could for the nearest friend of your father, I 1 I have not yet told him of you. I do not know what feeling withheld me; blut I am a jealous miser, whio hoards his happi ness in his own heart as too sacred to -be shared by others; for in thisI am not ex pansive enough to make the idol whose shrine is in my inmost heart visible to those around mii. 'To :the' working-day. world I give my energies; to you, thle consecrated dreams of love and hope. "I have ;a miniature of you which 1i pilfered fro? Fanny; and in my solitary hours it is jmy constant companion. I yearn to return toyou on, to claim you as my own for ever, but my friends would not ap. \- prove of itjust now; so I.must curb: my Simpatience, and prove myself worthy of. the happiness that awaits me.: ' '"" " Adieu, my precious love; let your heart rest on ines in perfect trust, for in. life and death I am yours alone. : . Isola folded her letter, aind Itid it upon her pillow with' a sweet?smile- upon her. lips. She feltthat her .haven of rest was almost gabned; that Geiorgewouinld take Sher to his 'noble heart nid shield hei ifromi the storms ofIsfe .: ".":;. There was now but one shadow on her i path; the sad condition of her beloved pro tector; but she cherished the hope that in timeha would be restored te her, vigorous in mind and strong in health, as before this strange attack of illness. Again she fell into that balmy sleep which brings healing on its wings. Summerton had given her some renovating drops, which seemed to act as a veritable elixir on her exhausted system, and with every passing hour she felt its reviving influence. So rapidly had they counteracted the effect of the poison she had taken that, when Dr. Sinclair came up to see her, he had not been able to detect any traces of the deadly. potion she had swallowed. He had accepted Summerton's account of the cause of her illness as the truth, and as. sured him that he had done everything that the most competent skill could have accom plished: The sol-distant clergyman accepted the physician's compliments with an air of modest depreeation;h? ?'declaredt that his practical knowledge of medicine was triling, is abemist ?was reat t-lhat leterions - agent? wr iic-'-I entfýIft human frame, therefore he cobuld readily'-- t apply the, antidote to the subtle poisons iwhich are sometimes inhaled with the breath of life. With a high opinion of his abilities, Dr. Sinclair recommended Fontaine to his con stant care during his own absence, and de parted, glad to leave so able a coadjutor to look after his patient. CHAPTER XXXIV. THE SCHEMtER AT WORE. A messenger hlid been despatched to Dunlora to inquire concerningl Philip and the missing heiress, and when they were expected to return. As he was about to rise from the dinner-table, a letter from Mr. Vane, addressed to Summerton, was brought in. He hastily opened it, and read the following lines: " Mn. Su?MIERTO. - Sir,-I have the honour to inform you that your inference with regard to Miss Fontaine is correct. She left her home under the protection of my son, and by the time this reaches you she will doubtless be his wife. They will come to Dunlora on their return, as at pre sent I fear La Fontaine would be too warm a place for them to find themselves com fortable in, although it is winter weather. However, I hope this event will not long cause you to think, with the immortal bard, ' This is the winter of my discontent,* for I assure both yourself and the respected aunt of my daughter in-law that my son will prove to you both as good a friend as you hive everpossessed. " Your course is evidently to submit gracefully to what you no longer can pre. vent, and to make things smooth and har monious for the advent of Philip among you as the future master of La Fontaine. With profound respect, I am yours to com mand, Jona VANE." This pompous and offensive effusion was read by Summerton in silence, and then handed over to Senora Roselli. She glanced over it, and ther, with flushed cheeks and flashing eyes, read it aloud to Miss Carle ton, commenting upon it as she proceeded. She finally said, with a hysterical laugh: " You see for yourself how much forbear ance Mr. Fontaine has to expect, for this old stupid speaks already of his son as master here. I suppose it is his intention to rule us all right royally, and we are ex pected to bow submissively before the au thority of the young sultan Savella has been fool enough to make the ruler of her fate." S"This letter is certainly not that of a well-bred man, though I have hitherto re garded Mr. Vane as such," said Miss Carle ton. " But you have one consolation, madam: if Philip proves a disagreeable in mate, you can leave the house, which he will probably look on as his own, till Mr. Fontaine is again in a condition to assert his own authority." " That I will never do i" she said, almost rudely. I' This is my home, and I have at least as good a right to it as that handsome popinjay. I have had the care of Savella from her infancy, and she shall not now cast me off, even if site is wrought on to consider me a burden. I don't intend to be thrust aside, I can tell you that." " Of course you understand your own affairs best," said Miss Carleton, rising. " I do not presume to give advice to one so competent to take care of herself as you are. I will now go up to Isola," and she left the room. The Senora and Summerton went to gether into the sitting-room, which they now had entirely to themselves; but when together, they never spoke in English; if anything was accidentally overheard by the servants, that domestic police, which is always on the alert, they could under stand nothing. Perhaps that was one cause of the intense disgust felt by the house servants toward the "furrin trash," as they called them when speaking among themselves, though from this sweeping con demnation they excepted their master's niece. Ste was a Fontaine, and, of course, she must be vastly superior to the " S'nory and dat Sum'tan.!' .as the two were called by the negroes on the plantation..; Suinmerton closed the door carefully, and Scurtly asked: ":'. Have you decided to ta' myadvie e Does not this absurd letter clearly ihow you what are the expectations of those people? I shouldn't wonder if old Vane and his silly wife were looking forward to establishing themselves here permanently." "There is nodanger of that, and I will soon give Philip Vane to understand that if he is nominally master here, I am really mistress. When he revolts, it will then be ::time enough to drive the goad into him. At first he may have tome scruples as to carry ing out our plans, but after enjoying the sweetsof possession a short time, I mis--. take him greatly if he will not concede to any terms that will enable him to retain .the wealth for which he hss sold himself." "Then you will receive them with cour :tesy? Yonwill not fly like a tigress at; Savella when she returns with her hand some purchase ' ",No; that would be folly now. Wemust tolerate the airs of the new prince tlll'we have him in our power, and Savella may have her swing for a few weeks- perhap. longer; but if she abuses her liberty-itf she Lady:' "I .wish you could call at tLhe Soffice of Mr. Olorch, contrive to' hIaie some 'onversation with the venerable geienleman,;: aInd so far as you are able examine into liis physical coindition. I desire to know: hobiv long he is.likely to live.'. Physiciain Cer tainly Are you his wife ?!' Lady i ",No, !but I have a change to e.".. turns a cold shoulder to me, I will sum- - marily put her down. You will see," He a shrugged his shoulder. "Yes, I shall see a regular set-to between you, for Savella has too much of your temper for her good. However, I shall be t by to make peace, and dictate conditions t which shall be for our benefit you may be sure; far now our interests are at war with hers." " Oh lit fwe could only have kept her free till Fontaine was out of the way," she said in a tone of suppressed rage. " Then we a could have turned the estate into money; have gone back to Italy, and lived in splen- t dour; but this selfish and ungrateful girl has overturned all our plans." " We may be able to accomplish that yet. Leave Vane to me; I shall manage him withotit much trouble. He can do what we dared not attempt. I will make him sue the estate for arrears, and grasp the Whole, from which he shall pay us what I may choose to demand for- keeping back what would ruin him. I begin to see that, after vella has taken her fate into her own e ha asds S a poor •e . oeano turn? every-a Ieno.-thi c? ,.aw4t age." "If you make anything out of this mal apropos elopement, you will prove yourself a modern Machiavel," she spitefully re- f1 plied. *" Savella is not so near to you as she is to me, or you would not so coolly make up your mind to the fate she has n chosen for herself." p "Perhaps not," he indifferently replied. p "Yet, I think, a little reflection will teach a you that I have done more to advance her interest than you, or any one else. Since this marriage has taken place we must r°* concile ourselves to it as well as we may. t There are other means of influencing people a besides fear, and if we can gain our ends without a family quarrel it will be best on many accounts." The Senora reluctantly acquiesced in t this sensible view of the case, and after some further consultation, Summerton sat down and wrote the following reply to Mr. Vane, while the Senora retired to her own room for the purpose of inditing an epistle to her runaway niece. Sm,-Your letter has been received, and I write to assure you that no obstacle will I be thrown in the way of Savella's return to the homile which is rightfully heir own. In fluenced by the opposition of Mr. Fontaine to the union of his niece to your son, Se nora Roselli and myself did everything in our power. to prevent the marriage which has taken place in so disgracefully claides tine a manner. "If we had known how irrevocable was the determination of Savella to blecome the wife of DMr. Philip Vane, we would have consented to her unlioi with her lover, an avoided incurring the scandal which she. has brought upon herself, and all connected with her, by the course she has pursued. " Of course, both her aunt and myself feel this keenly, for we only endeavoured to perform our duty by preventing Savella from disobeying the express commands of her uncle. She has baffled us. Mr. Fon taine is in no condition to oppose the re ception of the young people here, and through you we tender them an invitation to come to La Fontaine as soon after- their arrival at Dunlora as may be agreeable to themselves. "Family jars are best cemented as soon as possible, and to your son personally we can have no objection. He is a very ele gant and attractive young man, and I trust that he and Savella will find that happiness in their precipitate marriage which I, her spiritual guardian and best friend, daily pray the Giver of all good to shower down upon her. "Respectfully yours, " TaoaiOs SuMcEnRTON. With this hypocritical effusion, Senora Roselli sent one, which ran thus: " Come back to inc. Savella, for my heart is half broken by your desertion. At the intercession of Mr. Summerton I have forgiven you, and you can return with your husband to La Fontaine without dreading reproaches from me. It is now too late to utter them, and I feel that perhaps I have already indulged myself in too many. "You know, Savella, that my affection for you must lead me to forgive everything; that I can even embrace the object of your choice, much as I have hitherto opposed this marriage. Say to Mr. Vane that I can pardon him for taking you from me, if he will only make you happy. "Your affectionate, though' deeply afflicted aunt, " BIANCA iosELeI."' These letters were intended to be sent at once to Dunlora, but in a fit of absent mindedness, Summerton dropped them into` the post-bag,. and they were taken to Lynchburg, mailed there, and after the lapse of several days reached those for whom they were intended. Savella, in her new happiness, gave little thought to those she had left behind her. She was not troubled with sentiment, and if the angry image of her aunt in truded, she dismissed it with the thought thaht hle need :giveherself no further iotroaleiasniings hwerfor wht ?iPhs~ij.tn , protect hesr,vealth at her o·wn command; she could surely rid heirself of this incubus upon her life. - In truth, Savella was heartily weary of the subjugation in which she had been. held from her earliest recollection, and the most clearly defined wish of her heart was to emancipate herself entirely from the control of both the Senora and Summer ton; for since he assumed the office of her tutor, he had tyrannised over her nearly as much as her relative. . ' Philip.waited with some anxiety for an invitation to La Fontaine. Without it he could not vell enter the place as master and establish himself, as he fully intended, at his ease. Since he had sold himself for a mess of pottige.he was resolute that it should be rendered to him to the lastr crumb, and he greedily listened to Savella when she spoke of the accumulated debt Swhich Summerton had assured her was justly due to her from her uncle. Philip already knew as much from.the lips of Fontaine himself, and he mentally. calculated how large a suin would be ne -cessary to maintain the master lie was about to dispossess in i private mad-house. a He intended to inaugurate a style of hos a pitality at La Fontaine far more magnifi cent than anything hitherto known in the v alley, and.the presence of an insane man would be too great a drawback on his pleal sure to be tolerated a day longer than he possessed the power to rid himself of it. As the bestower of all this he felt grate ful to Savella, and his apparent devotion rendered her the happiest of mortals. Philip, her best-beloved, her king, was everything to her, and his parents con gratulated each other that her blind devo tion to their son would induce her to yield the entire control of her fortune to him. Cards had been sent out for a reception at Dunlora before the return of the bridal pair, and Mrs. Vane had taken precaution to order a dress for Savella suitable to the occasion. She appeared in white lace over satin, adorned with the same pearls her mother-in-law had once designed as a gift to Isola. Invitations were sent to La Fontaine and the Vale; but from neither house came a token that they had been received. All the other families of note in the valley thronged to Dunlora on the appointed even ing, and.the newly-wedded pair might have been consoled for the neglect of their nearest friends by the congratulations and compliments lavished upon them. With the halo of her new happiness around her, Savella~aoked almost radiant. KUFbumlpcoul. nm-e"r be less than pre. eminent in grace and beauty over every one %-8o',-oan p pnison with him. He was in the gyesi spirits; auB nevi de- t piarted from the feast satisfied them oh was a most suitable one, a ot fail to prove fortunate. The next morning Philip said to hiswife I ",I suppose the people at La Fontaine mean to cut us altogether. Rather a cool C proceeding on their part, considering the position they hold as dependents upon us; eh, Savella?" t She laughed as she replied: c "It's lucky that my aunt did not hear a you say that, care snio. She would have r been tempted to fly at you, and shake you, and pull your hair, as she used to do with me, till I grew strong enough to fight my t own battles." Philip was fastidious, and he regarded the speaker with a horrified expression. " Savella ! you cannot be in earnest. You have never really fought with your aunt ?" "Of course I have; would you have had me to submit to be buffeted at her will when I had fingers and nails, with strength enough to use them ? But you need not look so-so I scarcely know how; for she 1 has treated me with more respect since I have been declared an heiress. Of late, she t has only lashed me with her tongue, but that has all the venom of a scorpion." "My poor girl," he tenderly said, "I must try to make up to you the had treat ment you have so long borne, by being doubly tender to you. But if your aunt is such a female fury, hIow am I to get along with her? I will never bear her taunts to you, if she attempts to utter them, now you are my wife; nor will I submit to be scolded by her myself." "You may as well prepare yourself for the infliction, for you will have to bear it, Philip. I can suggest but one remedy-" "And what is that, my angel?" "Get rid of her. Yes-send both her and Mr. Summerton back to Europe, for I shall never feel that I am really my own mistress till they are gone." " My dearest Savella, you give me new life !" was the delighted response. "I have thought of this, but I did not believe you would consent to it. The Senora has so long had the charge of you that I feared you would be unwilling to part with her." "Before I knew and loved you, perhaps I might have been, but you suffice to me now, Philip. My aunt wishes to return to her own country; she had some absurd vision of taking me there to marry me to a nobleman, but I have found my prince here, and Iewish him to reign over my heritage without being interfered with by others. Give them enough to live on com fortably in Italy, and both she and Mr. Summerton will gladly go back again." "I will provide liberally for your aunt, but it seems to me that the tutor has no claim on you beyond the payment of the salary agreed on between himself and Mr. Fontaine for teaching you what I fancy you seldom learned." " His ofice of late has been rather a sine cure, but that was not as much his fault as mine. I was tired of lessons, and I evaded them whenever I had an excuse to do so. I don't understand the bond between the two, but I warn you that if you expect to deal effectively with Senora lioselli, you must include Mr. Summerton in the bargain." "I had no idea that your aunt was so pious as to require the service of a domes tic chaplain," replied Philip, with a scarcely repressed sneer. " I will feel my ground, and if it proves indispensable to pension him too, I suppose I must do itto get you all to myself, my precious wife." Am I really precious to you, Philip? Do you love me as the one desire of your heart, even as I do you ? Sometimes I am afraid that the very excess of my love may cool yours." "If it does, Savella, I should prove my self the most ungrateful of men. My dear girl, I owe you too much ever to underrate you, I assure you." "Don't speak of debt to me, Philip. I will have nothing like bargain and trade in so divine a thing as love. Ours is a thing apart from worldly considerations, and I will not have you talk of wealth I can be :-stow.onyou in that style. What is mine is -yours'to dowith as you please." " You arre-thtrearesr-anda'-mast-dsin terested creature in the world," said Phi lip, with enthusiasm, and Savella raised her love-lit eyes to hIis with an expression of perfpct trust that touched him, and made him think that he would endeavour to be all to hier that she so confidingly expected. He presently recurred to the topic with which the conversation had opened. "I cannot understand the tactics of the Senora. I begin to think I had better ride over to La Fontaine and see how things are going on myself." "I do not wishl you to do that, for if my aunt is not prepared to receive you as my husband she migllt give you a specimen of hertemper that would not prepossess you in herfavour. Mr. Summerton has great influence with her, and he has judgment enough to comprehend that their authority over me is at an end. They both know very well that without-your consent they cannot maintain their position at La Fon taine, and if you give them time to get over their first wrath,they will do what is right. I am very happy here;. happier than I have ever been before in my life. if Dnnlora is not as grand a place as my uncle's, it is to me a far more agreeable one. While she was speaking, a servant came in bringing an open letter, with a message from Mr. Vane. Beside it, on the waiter, lay a second one; addressed to Savella, in the superscription of which she recognised the writing of her aunt.: (To be continused.) : 