Ifntmia&mal; Wesson. SUNDAY, AUGUST 28. Acts vii. 54-60 ; viii. 1-4. The First Christian Martyr. Golden Text (Acts vii. 60).—' He kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge.' Stephen's address. Stephen was what is called a ' Hel lenist,' or ' Grecian Jew.' ? (See Acts vi. 1, R.V.) The Hellenists were Jews who had lived out of the Holy Land amongst Gentile populations, and who had acquired the Greek language, giving up the use of the Aramaic,' the lan guage spoken by the Jews in Palestine, and reading the Greek translation of the Scriptures known as the Septua«int. The beginning of to-day's lesson refers to certain things which ? Stephen had said to the Council (verse 54). The leading idea of the address was that the blessings of the religion of the Jews were to be much more widely possessed than the Jews themselves imagined. He showed that this conclusion was to be drawn from Jewish history itself. In Mesopotamia, Egypt, Midian, Sinai, and the wilderness, God had revealed Himself. So he advances step by step, until he declared that even the prophets spoke of the impossibility of cne par ticular temple being sufficient for the revelation and worship of God. He also indicated at the same time the treatment which the creat religious leaders had received at the hands of the Jews. He might possibly have con tinued this review, but suddenly he broke off and made a personal applica tion, in words of fiery indignation, to the priests and elders before him. The Just One had come in the power and liberty of the Holy Ghost, and of Him they had been the betrayers and mur derers. These were the things which ' cut them to the heart.' The truths proclaimed by Stephen, who saw clearly the spiritual nature of religion and the independence of place, aroused all their animosity, so that Sadducees and Pharisees were now united against a common adversary. They were all ' cut to the heart ; ' they all ' gnashed upon him with their teeth.' HIS MARTYRDOM. In this trying moment a special mercy was vouchsafed to Stephen. Standing, as he was, before the enraged Council, he saw a heavenly vision — Jesus standing on the right hand of God — that same Jesus of whom those pre sent had been the murderers, and of Whose Gospel Stephen was so faithful a preacher. That vision was a comfort and strength to his soul, enabling him to pass through the following scenes of violence. The fact that he saw the risen Saviour standing — not sitting — at the right hand of God, may be noted \--standing, as though ready to help, and ready to receive his spirit. Stephen, in a spirit of rapt devotion, uttered aloud a grateful and surprised acknosvledgment of this favour. This but added fuel to the flames. ' They ran upon him with one accord.' Even in the heat of their wrath and violence they were careful to observe the ancient regulation that blood must be shed out side the camp (Leviticus xxiv. 14). As our Lord was crucified outside Jerusa lem, so they took the first mavtyr ' out of the city,' and there they stoned him. Two prayers uttered by Stephen be: fore his death aie recorded. (1) 'Lord Jesus, receive my spirit.' This was in effect the same prayer which Christ offered on the Cross, ' Father, into Thy hands I commend my spirit,' a quota tion from Psalm xxxi. 5. The belief of Stephen in the Divinity of our Lord is here clearly seen ; first, from the fact that he prayed to Him, and, secondly, from the fact that he committed his soul into the hands of Jesus. In thu solemn hour of dying, men do not commit their interests into the hands of human beings like themselves, but into the hand of God. (2) ' Lord, lay not this sin to their charge.' In this prayer, again, he followed the example of Jesus, Who, upon the Cross, prciyed for His murderers, 'Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.' The death of Stephen is described in the beautiful words, ' He fell asleep.' The blood stained earth was made to him ' sofc as downy pillows.' The secret of this peace was his view of the Incarnate God. To see the Lord's Christ gives a man peace at the last, whatever may be the circumstances of his death. HIS BURIAL. After his death, the body of Stephen was cared for by loving friends. True religious faith and feeling ' treats the moral remains of the dead with care and reverence. Those who solemnly carried the. martyr's body to its resting place were ' devout men.' It is thought by some that these could not- have been avowed Christians, as they are not called dis ciples or brethren. They were, how ever, Christians in spirit if not in name, and their performing this work of mercy would receive its reward, perhaps the reward of a fuller faith, a deeper spiritual life, a firmer courage. Great lamentation was made over Stephen. This did not imply any lack of faith. The Church would rejoice that he was ' with Christ, which was far better.' The death and burial of Stephen were followed by renewed persecutions. A new character appears on the scene — Saul, a young man present at the death of Stephen. Of all the opponents of Christianity, he became the most fierce and bitter. This opposition, how ever, helped the rising Church, for ' they that were scattered abroad went everywhere preaching the Word.' 