Carlotta's Intended. CHAPTER IV.— Continued. It was an ugly business, and neither of the men welcomed it. Both knew Pat's cordial relations with many of their- countrymen, among whom, in deed, he had not a single enemy. Even the old man Socola liked him. But they understood too well the imperious pride of the vindictive old Sicilian to hope that a personal friendship, or even a tie of blood, would protect any man who dared betray his dignity. Certainly the casual feeling of negative good will which he felt toward Pat would melt like snow beneath the hot breath of his wrath when he should learn that the Irishman had given his secret to the common herd of his countrymen. The indomitable pride which had led him to marry an ugly unattractive, woman the first time he met her, rather tl brook the odium of a disclosure of i..s rejection, would not spare him who, although fore warned, had. dared, divulge it. It was 'sonie moments before either of the men spoke, . and then one said, in Italian — « 'VVell——" " Well — — " was the answer. ' And, aftergaRseTTr tf,yusk ibipd gone home; to-night." ":And me too. >1 wish I had stayed at t)ie: coffee-house." "-He's a, good friend to all the Carlo Di Carlos', that old Irishman." '.'Yes, I know. Last year, when all the',- babies took the smallpox arid the shop -was shut up, lie' signed for the rent, arid lie paid every, cent since — three months' rent." " Yes, and old Di Carlo says Car lotta's schooling never cost him a dollar. This cripple paid it all." " And when the old man was stung with a tarantula hidden in a bunch of bananas, while everybody cried and ran every way, they say the shoemaker threw his hat on the spider and sat on it quick, while he took little Di Carlo across his knee like a baby and sucked the poison from tlie back of liis neck. Di Carlo was carrying the bananas on bis shoulder when the little devil stung him." "Yes, I heard that.-.. And all the people laughed while they cried, be- . cause when he was sacking the poison he said, 'Let me "kiss 'you for your mother.'" They were silerit/agairi/for a time. - " If Trambnetti- had ..only, kept his big mouth shut ' . "Yes, I wish- he had - choked; before he spoke to- night. He iriade all the trouble." . Another silence. "Well——'' " Well " " It's a bad world, this. One minute we play an organ at the corner for any beggar to -dance, the next minute i maybe we get orders to file our stilettos and put on; a black mask." " Me, I am tired. I wisli I was out of it." "And me, too. Tell the truth I've never been the same since that job you and I did at the old Basin. I see, a thousand times a day, that young man's face the way it looked in the moonlight. Sometimes I am playing my organ laughing, and he comes and stands before me with his neck so. And, I swear before God, I believe the monkey sees him. Many times when lie is dancing lie looks up and runs and crawls behind me, crying, and ,1 look around, and I see the young man with his neck cut. I kiss the cross, but it's true. Four times last week Jocko did that, and I trembled so I missed the time in my music. You don't believe it's true ?" " Yes, I believe you. I've seen them again, too. But now they are too many. They don't frighten me. I laugh in their faces, and they dance and run one through another, like clouds of smoke. I am an old man, and I have struck many a blow, but not one for hate, thank God — only obedience." " Nor me neither. Only twice I have been on duty. Once my partner did the work, and the other time— you know. And now, my God I If I have to listen all my life to that Irish man's wooden leg, 'tap, tap,. tap,' in my ears, I'll go crazy ; I'll drown my self." The other man laughed : " Oh, don't hurt yourself. Maybe old Socola'll put somebody else on this job. And the next time that young fellow we finished at the Basin comes fooling around you, showing you I he cut in his neck, you send him to mo. I believe I gave him his send off, any way. 'Twas good enough for liira. His tongue was too long." "No, no! They know whom to follow — and I know. I am left- handed, and the hole in his neck was here ; and sometimes my left hand burns like hell. You can laugh," he continued, rising, " but it is no fun to me. But I am not a teething baby. , Easy or hard I'm good for my duty." "Well," said the other, " dimani '' (to-morrow). " Dimani," was the answer. And so they parted. As the younger man -'walked away the older sighed : "Poor boy!" He spoke still in Italian. " I was like him too, once, The first drop of blood on a man's hand burns like a coal of fire, and a ghost stands beside it always, blowing upon it to keep it burning. The only relief is more blood. When once he is bathed in blood lie burns the same all oyer, and he knows himself for a devil, and the air pf hell feels good for liira. All around him are ghosts blowing upon him, and he likes their breath and laughs because he is solid fire, and they are like a roaring wind around him. If they would go and leave him to cool he would go all to grey ashes and fall to pieces. He would go crazy and kill himself. Any how, I am sorry for this business." He rose, and, as he started home, curiosity led him somewhat out of his way to pass the Di Carlo shop. He walked on the other side of the street. He looked over. Pat stood among the children on the banquette, throwing a little one into the air and catching her, while the others stooding waiting and beg ging — " Take me, Mr. Pat !" " Teresa had four turns." " Little Pat always gets the most.'' It was a pretty picture. " Well, I'm sorry," the man repeated to himself as he passed on. " In the name of God, why can't men keep their tongues 1 But, anyhow, I am sorr.y." The picture of the amiable man in the bosom of the family of his country man playing with his children, uncon scious of impending evil, remained with the Sicilian as he walked home. Indeed, Pat's offence seemed to him more than half a virtue ; for was it not provoked by his staunch cham pionship of the young Italian girl, Carlotta i If only Socola could be made to see it in this light 1 Before reporting the case, even, this man of the sinister face, who had never before troubled' himself with a personal concern for his victims, sum moned his best English, and wrote a word of warning to the Irishman, ' It ran about like this : " Mr. Rooney at Carlo Di Carlo. "This warn you to run for your life. Leaf New Orleans rite way. It' is not in power off man to safe you neither God if you remane before the eye of Mafia. " One man's spite it is whitch marc you to die. If you remaine a nife go through your heart. It is true. I swear before God." When he passed through the shop early Monday moaning on .his way home, Pat found this note with another slipped in beneath the edge of the front door. The other was shorter, but, as if to add weight'and solemnity to its almost aflectionate warning, across the top of tlie sheet were written the words. " Jesus, Mary, Joseph." Both notes were unsigned. Pat read them hastily, and, chuckling, as: he slipped them into his pocket,; started out. - . He had proceeded but a few steps,; however, when he suddenly hesitated, took off his hat, scratched his head for a moment, and, turning, went back into the house. Five minutes' reflection had sufficed to decide him as to what he should do, CHAPTER V. It was two hours later when Pat started out again, and this time he went directly down to the fruit-shop of Pietro Socola, where a most un expected and festive scene greeted him. The little old man, surrounded by a dozen or more of his countrymen (and others were coming and going), was opening bottles of wine and drinking freely. As Pat entered Socola bowed de lightedly, and, filling a glass, presented it to hini. Everybody was laughing and drink ing, and the host', although it was yet scarce ten o'clock in the morning, showed the effect of many glasses in his flushed face and hilarious spirits. Not understanding in the least, but unable to resist so social a spirit, Pat, at the signal, raised the glass to his lips. It was only when some one pro nounced the name "Pietro Sooola Junio" that the situation flashed upon his comprehension. Unto the house of Socola a son had been born. The last time Pat had met the old man, a year ago, on the night of his wedding, he had grasped his hand in congratulation, and he did so again now. " Accept me congratulations, Misther Socola," he exclaimed, and with a twinkle in his eye, raising Iris glass again, " Here's luck to the junior partner in the future firm av Socola an' Son. May he ' never cross 'is father an' niver boss 'is mother, an' be a shinin' example to all 'is yunger brothers an' sisters !" Hearty laughter greeted this toast, and tlie old man insisted on refilling the glasses all round, saying, in Italian, to the men as he did so, " Ho has come a great distance to wish me joy. Keep his glass full." Socola was not an habitual drinker, and his voice was already growing unsteady. "While they stood there, the one-eyed man whom Pat had recoguised in the shadow the night before joined the group. He winced visibly, Pat thought, on perceiving him in this crowd, and while he and Socola touched glasses Pat withdrew, and, joining some of the men whom he knew, walked out upon the levee. When he returned, an hour later, he glanced into Soeola's shop. The hitherto childless old man, translated by his tardy honors into a state of gleeful irresponsibility, had by this time gotten right royally drunk, and now some friends were trying to induce him to go home. . Pat laughed to himself as he saw him stagger up to the carriage door. " Arrah, musha !" he exclaimed, " sure an' it's a holy thing to be a father 1 Faith an' he waddles like a puddle- dtlirake on a hatchin' day ! I hope the young duck'll be big enough to crowd murdher out av the ould dthrake's heart, if ut's in ut." The truth was, Pat had gone down to Socola to propose that they confess themselves mutually aggrieved and proceed to settle the matter at once by a square hand-to-hand fist-fight. He had withheld the facts about the wedding until Socola had first lied about it. He was willing to fight for the truth. If Socola wanted to fight for the lie, let him come and " have it out" then and there; or if the old man preferred, to have a subordinate member of the Mafia to represent him in the affair,- let him send any one of them to him. It was only as a vague intangibility that Pat objected to deal with the Mafia. He was sure that as soon as Socola should see that all he demanded was a " fair showing " they could come to a satisfactory understanding; so little did he comprehend the nature of the man with whom he had to deal, or the cliaractor of the organisation which threatened him. ,As Pat surmised, Socola had not yet even heard of his offence, The two men who went to make their reports were, like himself, treated to wine, and saw their host carried home hors de combat. As Pat hesitated at Soeola's door, the one- eyed man was coming out, and they met, face to face. Pat touched his hat. The Sicilian responded by a like salutation, and would have passed on, but Pat detained him : f'Shtop a bit, Misther sure, I don't know yor name — but, whilst no one's by, I'd like to thank ye for the bit of a love-letther ye sint me last night." The man shrugged his shoulders. " Loaf-a-letther 1" he asked, with inimitable blandness. " Me, I no write-a northeen." "Mebbe ye don't call it . a love- letther itself. Now I do think again, I belave it's not a heart wud a dart run through ut for a bookay at the top o' the sheet, but a couple o' shin- bones forninst a graveyard photograph wud a company shmile on 'im. But sure what's left out av the crest is indicated in the text. Ye've hinted purty clear at the piercin' o' me pal- pitator at the end o' the po'm." Fumbling in his pocket he now brought out the two letters. ( Pity ye cudn't get ould Socola- to set for a Cupid aimin' wud his bow an' arrer at me hearrt. Ye see, Irish litherature is different ag'in from Italian. Sure an' if a bunch o' Pad dies wirit into the tinder correspond ence like this, like as not they'd have me in a picture, peg an' all, shlapin' in the heart of a rose, like they do bo in oyt's Gerrman Cologne advertizemints, an' mebbe a bumble- bee wud ould Soeola's face on 'im tlireatenin' the unconscious shlaper wud wan av his regular breech-loaders ! Ye see, it'd be a bit cheerful, but equally to the point. Sure there's no life nor joy in a bare shin-bone, lest ye'd have it raised like a fearless sprig o' slril- lelah." By this time he had opened both letters. (TO SB CONTINUED.) 