STRANGE AD)YENTURE OF aj' CABBY. 0" OR' bless yer heart, sir, the game '.d isn't worth the candle now. There's too many at it, and the masters got all the li pull. Besides, in these days of penny 'bus fares and lhllfptcnny traslcare, the riding C public gets spoilt, and looks at a bob before t parting, I can tell you. Why, 1 recollect in the good old days, when I cdrove for' Surrey a Potts,'we thought nothing of spininng up torn bottle of port or a pint of gin after we'd haid a rump steak in the middle of the day, but now it's mnild-and-bitter and a crust of bread and cheese." And the speaker looked as if he had splu up for many a bottle, judging from his complexion. lie was a veritable typical y cobby, and had been driving for forty years and more. The colour ofl his face was some thing between pickled cabbage and Spanish mahogany. There was a merry twinkle in t old "Pompey's" eye, though, that told plainly that he was up to a move or two, 3 and knew hbow to take care of numberoone. a "Yes, sir, I could toll you some rum stories that happened in the West-end about the Haymarket, in the very early part of the sixties-at the time when the taverns were open all nright, sod the youn i swells used to sling the yellow boys about with a vengeance. Thank you, sir, I don't mind if 1 do-a drop of braidy, if you please, lot,t without sugar. I've just tite to tell you one of the strongest experiences that has ever happened to anybody on the road, I shlould think. "I was standing down beside my cab, about one in the morning, just outside the surniese Caf6 in the Hlaymarket, talking to onte or two drivers about the sudlden good fortune of Jimmy Mayhcw. That was the chap that looked after our cabs on the rank there. He was os ragged a chap as you'd lind, when all of a sudden Ieo turns out a regular toff, with a spanking lot of his own. Nobody ever knew how it was done, but nmy impression has always been that lie had a good find in one of the cabs. If so, good luck to him. " Well, as I was saying, we was chatting outside the Burmese about Jimmy when a swell comes out and eyes my lot tip and down. I swings myself aon to the box, touches my hat, and says, 'For you, sir t' " I think you'll do,' he says, and jtumpsn in. SPull up at Barnes', the Blue Posts,' he says. So I just gives the mare a flick with the whip and there we are. He calls me down for a drink, and I has a great big tumbler of ' fiz,' and lie buys a bottleof Star brandy. This is all right, 1 thinks to myself. he's a roader, and Ican see, with hall an eye, that he is a real toff. In those days we often used to have what iwe called 'roaders,' fares that used to take os a dozen miles or so out of London and pay is handsomely. So when he told me to drive to Blackheath, the quarters of the -th Hussars, I found that I was quite right in my surmise. "As I have said, I was driving for 'Surrey Pots' then, and hlie and ' Pote and Kettles' (Mlessrs. David and Edward West) had the best cattle all over the town, so 1 wasn't a bit afraid of the journey. "Just as we was going to make a start the swell shouts up to me to comes down. He gives me a quid, and asks me to get some silver, as we should want change for the gates, for this was afore the tolls was abolished. " So I goes in to Barnes' and gets silver, and he sli>ps it all into the tail of his dress coat pocket, and away we go, over West minster Bridge, right onil to the Elephant and Castle. " He stops me there at a coffee.stall, orders two cups, brings out the brandy bottle, and throws down a shilling. The man picks it up, bites it, and says, "Look here, guv'ner, this is a duffer." My fare immediately pulls out another. That turns out to be also a wrong 'un. So he empties his pocket and finds no less than six pieces all "soft." He gives me such a look that I shall never forget. Just at this moment a policeman comes up And as the coffee. stall keeper didn't appear to be very amiable over the matter the hobby insistoed ulmn walking me down to Kenningtton Police-station, so that I should be searched Fortunately for me, I only had it shilling and solme copplers abouts me, so it was quite evident to them that, I had not planted the bad coin, but thatlt must have been given as change int the Haymutrket. " I offered to drive htim hack there, but he said he had no time, as hie had to be oni parade early in the morning. Anyhow, he seemed satielied that I was quite innocent over tile affair, so away we went inl the direction of Blackheath. " Arriving at the barrack gates, they were opened, and we drove in. " Pull up at that hut there,' lie says ; 'get downv, putthe nosebag oil, and come iaside.' " On entering the apartment I found some aeven onteigle aliuktesn enjoying th.imsolves. After haring a dritk, mty tinle reltted the little event on t he road, atd hlw we had nearly been detained as 'esmashers.' " T'hey made ater teel quit at iome, and insisted that I should singt a song. Well, I don't want to boast, sir, but in Ithoee days I could warble a bit, I cai tell "yu. .to looun made myself a favourite with these larky young swells. "I must tell you that I was in a particu larly happy state of mind, for the swell tad given me 93 for my fare, and they had ktnocked uil between them, as a cosllpensa tion for tie annoyancel thad experienced at Kennington, I dare say. another twvo or three quid. So I was the ltckhy lIoses?r r of £5 or i£6. "Soon after three or four of the officers left the rooml, but returned alinost imme diately with the pretext of looking for a cigar-case, which one had left on the table. They searched everywhere for it, but nowhere was it to be found. "'Most extraordinary thing," said the owner. 'I will swear that I left it oi the table. Now, if aly of you fellows are has ing a lark, say so, for I want to get ilto quarters. "They all swore solemnly that they had not the case, so aomebody suggested Ceoarchl in ay, saying to me, ' Of course, you don't object, cabby.' I hadn't the slightest objee. tion, so they commenced operations. After going through the clothes of one or trwo of them, they caite to tile, aind thlte, to amy surprise and horror, they fnotrl lthe silver ease in my left-hand coat pocket ! "I must have turned greeni, blue, and all colours. In vaiin1 plotested. I was called all the scoundils anld iungrateful l wretches they could think of, aild thrteatened with what they toermed itutary justice. The owner of the cigar-case sllook hlis lit in my face, and the swell what had c:oe down in the cab caid he knew well enoughl nnow that I had llalined the coins laon himt. "An orderly was aiiinmontcd, and lie was insltrllcted .to take all lthe moiey atwey that they tud given Ile, and call tite guard. 1 was placed inder arre,?t, and their iltentiot was, as I could Itear ctlelm say, to haund me over to the police. " You can just itsagine my feelings. I begged uand proteated-ll in YaIu o asor the heath we marched, one of them leading mny cab, and ievcer met a policemano until we gotto Blaokheathl-hill. I was then Iltanded over to the constable, and the guard was ardered back, with the exception of one who was leadilag ety hoata. Well, I auppose wo couldn't have been more thlanthree hundred yards fromn the police.station lwhen we met another bobby, who caught hold of my other armt,atd I was gettinginto a greater funk than ever. When I all of a suddel the oflicers tho wnes coming down to chalmrge me' scoamed to commence i quarrelling amongst tlemselres, and there was a feairfutl commotion. I . wos hustledr with the plicoemen first one side and then the other, and at last I was somnehow pulled ' away Fromnt the coppers altogetellc, who were I now ngaged in a skitnlich asltl a coulte of 'l "One f the swells then mounted the I dleky of my cab, and I was lifted inside,aon swe others jumped in witb me. "oI heai a cut. with the whip over the mare s neck, and away we went down the hill at a breakneck speed. I was almost paralysed with fear, and couldn 't for the life of me understand what it ail mserant. "We never stopped until we reached New Cross Gate. It was market morning, so thle w'as a pub. open there. The cab pulled up, and en we got out and went into the inn patlour, and they ordered bra:ndies and sodas. "1 must have looked bad, for at last one of the ytng officers evidently took com pnssioll onl Tl-, and explained. amidist the most boisterous Inughter-in which 1 didn't I join, by.the-bye-that they hadbeen playingt .I uraietal joke apson me. "Ti sing had been a bit too clow for hose mischievous youths, so theyhad elipped 1 tile cigtar-cas into my pocket, and the rest you know. " Yes, sir, they made it all right at the finish. When I came round a bit they put a patcket in my hands-and I could feel it, was pretty heavy-saw me on to my cab, and bade me ' Good morning.' " What was in the packet ? \\\'ell, would you believe it, sir ?-but it's true, if I never spin another yarn--two five-pound notes and two golden sors. ! So you see, sir, it wasn't a bal night's work, after all. but my nerveslwere so upset that I didn't drive any r more that week. " Yes, sir ; you'll always find me in this private bar abott this time on a Thursday, and I can tell you plenty more adventures that have hapspened to me in the old cldays on I the rankt."-Liceaserd l'ictuallers' Gazette. ONE OF FLORENCE'S JOKES. FIoar:sex was fun-loving. So is the Igentleman who rlepeated the following nar. rative, which has never been in the public prints:- " Several years ago," began the narrator, "Imet Florence on a Csnarder. \We were both homeward hound, and if yos have ever been away from your native land a long time you know the full meaning of 'homeward bounsd.' Florence wasin excel lent spirits and during the voyage across the great deep we were almost inseparable. After having been on the sea for about twenty-four 'hours we began tiring of the monotony. We had talked of everything until all subjects seemed to be exhausted, when Florence, with fun bristling out all over, said in his peculiar way: 'Say, what do you say to having some sport on our own account? \We'll play this ship is New York or America, if you please, ani we'll act the Vandterbilt and Could racket by cornering the silver market. What say you, old boy ?' ' A brilliant, idea, but can we do it do you think!' 'Certainly,' said Florence: 'just as easy as falling overboard, and much more pleaasant.' Accordingly, we began taking account of our wealth and estimating aboutt how much silver there was on board. Finding that we iossessed ample capital to corner the change market, we lost no time in begin ning our fun. The first thing Florence did was to sally forth in quest of a cigar. The lowest-priced cigar on the steamer was bought, and Florence nonchalantly tendered a 5t note in payment. Then it came my turn, and, if I remember rightly, I struck out on lemonade, and made a special request for small chnlge when I threw down my crisp bill. Two small purchases and nearly ten pounds of silver in our possession. Hour by hour, day and night we worked every part of the ship in this way. We never had any change, sbut were invariably provided with sover eigns. Our silver accunmulated rapidly, and t in little while there was a general coss plaint over the dearth of change. Sporting men would walk up to the bar and call for y refreshments and get refused because their billt could not be changed. " Hour by hour matters became worse, until thse proer dove deep down into his lockers and extricated therefrom hundreds of pennies, tswo-hence and two-penny pieces tht.at had not seen the light of day for years. It wasn't long before all tlhese coins were in our possession, and at this juncture any body who made a lurchase less than a c tpousd was permitted to open an account. ti had cornered the market and Florence would loll around among the passengers to get their views oni the situation. After hearingt their complaints lie would return and we would sit down together and laugh 1over the purser's Ilredicament. " The day before we arrided in New York we gastleret our wealth together. We each ith arst half a dozen socks full, and lwhen we it took it to the purser and rTequested thathe no give us notes in exchange for the trouble it somesilver ssdtcolpper, le wasedumfounded se at our saudacity. At tirst he was inclined to get mad, but when the joke dawned upon tYim he exclaimed : ' \Vell I knew' there et was something tie matter with that infernal 10 silver, but who would have thought of you and Florence getting up a corner t' The 1anlarser tias obliging, and Ikindly coulted U" "t2ft£ igllsit stnrlissg,and too lour ilver at tsar. WHAT A BABY DID IN ONE H1OUR. S UscL:E \VIL,, ithe good.naturel bachelor I of the family, was left in charge of the baby one day while everyone else was out, and Y out of curiosity he lade a list of what the . baby did in one hour. Here it is : I 1. Yelled fifteen minutes without taking 1 breath. (Uncle Will declares solemnly that this is a true statement.) e . Pulled out enough hair from hie uncle's head and whiskers to stuff a sofa.-pillow. 3\. Spoiled the wall-paper as high as he could reach with the poker. e" 4. Broke i a stereosacol by sitting down a on it. 5\. Swalluowed six buttons and a good part itof a slpool of thread. 6\. Emptied the contents of his mother's ie work-basket down the furnace register. 7\. Tried to rsqueeze tile heas of tme cat into a till cupl, and was seratched badly in l the attempt. 8\. Knocked the head off a fine wax doll d belonging to his older sister by trying to drive a tack into i toy waggon witht it. 9t. Fell off trh edge of the whatinot, and brought down with him two costly vases, lswhich were ruined. S10. Broke twIo panes of window glass with a cane swhich uncle let hint Iave. Il. Fell into the coal.hod and spoiled his new awhite diess. 12\. Set fire to the carpet while uncle was out of the rooml huntlng up sometlsing to amuse him. 13\. Crawled under the bed and refused to e come out unless uncle would give him the molasses jug. . 14\. Got twisted Into the rungsa of the tlchair, wisch had to be broken toget thim out. . 15\. Poured a pitcher.of. water into his mother's best shoes. 16\. Finally, whrsen lie saw lis miother cominig, e rat out to the porch and tunmbled offthe steps, making his nlose bleed, and tearing a hole a foot squaresin his dress. And yet his Uncle \Vill thinks the boy 'will make something yet I- . "CAn'T I sell you a. burgilar alarm ?' he asked of a hIouseholder it a neighbourhood sihere a number of houses tad been estered. "No; I have no use for anything of that kind. .My daughter . halm just . become anraged, ad the young man calls oaery We read that egre to be kept sdould be packed in layers. WVell, thore'enothiignnew or strange in that tince they are firsb fouand inlayere. One of the greatest mistakes a man can a make is to sit down at adesk and worry himin* selfslek over business and. then call it as day's wonrk. 3Jinks: "lIow do you know thatb Volt n Pedulowskl has mnatered a eympsloty ii A i Oat? .' Elilkih:c "Decauseo hise flat Is at t a mln.c,. •;- I ! A MATRIMONIAL MISHAP. A LITTLE CIRCUS PERFORMANCE WITH A CALF. 9 E11LL, Anna, I have made up "ay mind to turn over a new leaf," said Henry Wilson, as he moved his chahir back from thu dinner.table. "I think there s too mnch arguing ndtl fault-finding in this family, and I nan ready to put an end to it it you are." " With all my heart, HIenry. If there is anytihing I thoroughly despiso, it in quartlel ling will one's husband. I alhays try to avoid it, but you are so unrea.,onable at tbinee call hardly keetp quiet,'" and--- '"That's right. ItMrs Wilson, lay it to me. I do the quarrelling! I am the black heep,! nl thie one note olut of ttnIel And you-all you need are a coupllo of feathers glued behind your ears, and you would pass for a standard-bred angel," he snorted. " If you would keep nliet until I get through talking, you tmight he able to handle your sbIject with as unich volubility as a green parrot. I was about to say that at times I was at fault." " Oh, then, you do not claim to be perfee tion ? In other wolrds, you get a little ' offl'' at time.. Mr. Wilson, I am here to tell you thatyon are to blamIe for the whole business. From beginning to endt-from top to bhotom -from centre to cireonmference--Fronl the day you were torn until the present hour, you have been alittle ' of,n" and the longer you live the more you get off.' " "Howl did you come to marry t woman so terribly 'off' as you say 1 any, my learr!" she smilingly itnquired. " lMarry yoou" ' he howaled. " I idln'b marry yout-you marrid me! t oau hullng aroundmo tlntil mnarried you for appear ajce sake." "I gaess you tnusthave forgotten when yon come for my answer, how you got on your knees at. myy feet, and with tears in your eyes begged nie to say ' Yes,' or take your life, as it would beo utterly worthless without tty love." "\Whew ! what a whopper! I never sniti sutch a thing-never did any such thin-g. I was not quite a blamed tool, if I was a little spooney." "Oh, yes, yout id : and I can prove it, for a saw ryou ," she replied. " Was that oldt rooster watching me I would like to have that old party men tion it to Ine." At that momeint ridget lUtIterihead itlto tie room, soaying : "hrse. 'ilesn, that foine Jersey calf of your pa's is loose, and is at the kirtchen door this minute; and it's going offentoirlcy he'll be if he's not taken care ol." "His calf over in mnay lot, chi ? I will attend to the calf, Bridget. Now, hMre. Wilson, we will have some veal;" and Wil son was n his feet in an itltaont. "Henry, do not make a show of yourself, but catch tihe calf and take it home." "Anna," said Wilson, "pyou ind Bridglb slip out this way and go round the house, so that we canl keepl him in the corner, and I ,ill go out of the kitchen doorand take him in before lie known how it was done." " Suro and Oi think we had better stha, in the house, or the calf will be killin' the two av us," suggested the discreet Dlidget. " No, let us help. Pa would not lose the calf for nnylhing,"said Mrs. Wilson. " All ready !" said Wilson, as ihe slipped etout of the door. The calf looked at himi and began to back away. "('sn e, bossy,"coaxed W\ilson, holding out his hand. " Come, my nice little bossy, 1 won't hurt you." Tlle calf turned, kicked up his heels, and started to run. He was promptly scared nack bhy til ge.. ticulotioas of Bridget nttd hre. \Wilson. When the calf again faced Wilson, Ihe made a dash for his curs, but in thie ecullln the calf changed ends, and in a tmoment, more \\\ilson had him by the tail with both hands. "Hang till him ! It's a good hould ye have now, if ye only stick to it," cried 1Bridget. The calf was leading Wilson around in a esmall circle, and lie was holding a one.sided argument with the calf, like this: " Go it, old rchalie ! I have got hold of yoa, my little friend ! Dig il your toenails, toy little dlnldy ! I Ihave handled larger cattle than you ar'e! T'Late right-try it again: but you laven't got away yet, have you ?" " Why don't you stop hinim, Henry ? What do you let hint runl that way for ' "cried Mrs. Wilson. " ~Maybe you awant some of this, madam I If you do, step right in here " tiere is Ilenty f ol room for another hold. If you think yon can nlallage this veal better than I, you can it have in)y tace. I atl not rutnninlg around here for my health. Whoop thtre ! no, you I don't." i But the calf did just the saume. He mtoade a square tnrn, and striking BIridget, knocked 1 dnr down, and the calf and t\'ilon palsed oveer ler like a gaut of wind over tile brow of a hill. " I knew it was a temptitng of Providence to come into the yard with the ctazy bhste!" Bridget grotwled, as hel limped into the house. " Bring him hback to the gate ! What are you leading him off that way for l" called AMrs. Wilson. "' Who is doing this leading ?" he gasped, as Ihe came whirling down tile other side of the garden, measuring twelve good feet at t every stride. As they approached Mrs. \Viloon, sh;e sprang out, and flourirhing her apron wildly about and screaming writh all her strength, she scared. the calf e that he i stopped as suddenly as though he had been turned to stone. Wilson's momentum was so great that lihe went over him hini with great velocity, and drove Ilis bead into thle yielding soil of the garden'with adismal thud. In a few moments hIe staggered to his feet and begin to elate the dirt frotm his ,mouth and eyes. Hls nloe was bleeding, and a scratch frotm his cheek to the coarer of his uiouth Ialke?l tihe course a root Ihad traverctd while lie was making his tour towalds tlie centre of the earth. As soon as he had removed enotgh of the garden fromt his eyes to enable himt to tecover his power of vision, lie began shlaking his fist at hie wife. It was aome time before ithe got breath enough to articu late a soutnd but at length he g;sped : "Mre. IWilson, if you ever anga: jump out in front of a calf I att leading, iand go through lnother lunatic tiefort"ance like that, I will inot he accounltatble fuor the conse. quences. Therc'sea limit to everytihiig, and tils is the twenty-sixth time you have got mne mixed up in sttoe of your foolish per formances, atll then tried to nluldeer no ut the linish. Try it again at your peril " Ihe roared. " Did it hltrt you,Hifenry " site asked. " iturtl me! Oh o It dtoes't teurt to drive a tnant' head ioto thie gronittI Ut to hit In!ilo, and,, slotand thtere ittect ted and eat dirt tor thirty:sX or forty hourstc It doesn't ,urt-?it's only a Ipartite.a Try it I" "1thought the calf was rnnlllnig away oilthyou. I was only tryitof to s1top hlim," oie raid, nsslto brushed the dirt out of his moustache. - " \'ell, you stopped hIin all right enougll; bht never 'totntalther calf that I am cacld "ilShll I dirive hh, aotound 0o you tca catch him again. fentry " shlo Inntuired. "hire. \Wilson, do you take tme fora tcn. mileand-rrpeat rncehlorse? Ordnynt want to rua that itferntl calf around sno teatyon can Ierlorm aottetr Iheavy troigetdy dunt toiday, hMr.. \V'lloon. Attn if thtat duon. colourcd "calf, is tot got olf my lot inless lthan,, lifteen minuotes, I 'ill seehlor far I lean shoot duck.elhob into it," Ite growled. "I declare, Hlenry, I never tthollglt I loan could tep ro far, And, goodneess gracllos I look at your trackh I It looks as thouglh a toulo ad rolled nt every jrlae you Iitt yoaty toot dow. Plutt your foot alwayn nlid tuake at mork itt eoft grottltl." " l?re, \Wieln, I ntode these traItck, Thoe areo my trancke, Anil they nre en n ýrellldl. Ifyoll could work yourlidls bll 08a well nh yS) do your mouth, yeo wouldl be indistpel sable-an invaluablo helpmate to ally nll," g he snorted. " 1roy, Ihenry, if you would bluy a orgo w'hite hat aml pairof sp llre, yOu wouh1ld be, indisillsable at a calf roiud up." Ite kinked Ull i lin pIail cross lho ylad, threaw the axe atle piump, and welk to to the THrilE BURPGlAR BAFFiD. ' Slit. CA LLAOIIAN waC blsily ellgaled I S%.J in an illnspectioll of silver-laro tihb I seOrIed to intOIlest Ihnl exceedingly, lie examinled each article carefully, ofiler stollin l long enoughl0 to lest tIle Irlriculnt object with his teeth, or evenl to bed it. r At the .?5I1me titme, hits ActioIs were quiet and, onle might say, reserved. le 11did Iot appecar to care to be noticed. Ile was a rather tall young fellow, "crote lessly dressed,' as tihey say iln novells, anld had t listle face, like a itudellt'u. Oine llight, indeed, lhave tihougit 1him a poor I lstudent, were it not for his eyes, which, 1 instead of looking tired and (lleally, like n student's, were exceedingly active and rest leos. On the whole, his face iand his general aipplearance were not preplossessilg. Indeed, the policemlan onl the heat most0 freluented by Mr. Callaghan in social life reported himn at file rluecincllt-huso as "a genleral tol lgh--elllsiiolus." Mr. Cualla~hnli, tholgil very younlg, lad already learilned the lle oval exeelling call. (ioll. Itenco Ire was ahllost noielelss, land he inslected the eilver.ware in the very miilli light of it half-opened dark lantern. A haip y smile played Around the corners of his face the while, for the silvercware hg w1as exalliinlime proved to be of the lillest anld newest, alnd bore the lmonogmrail of at famous New York fiamily, For tllt Ilnltter, ftle enltire surroundilngs of Dlr. Callaghan at tile timle wete of tile richest. The very side boardl at which Ile lboullled 3was worth a small foltlle, and the cut glass alpon it looked very beautiiul in the mellow litllt. Tlhere were rich tints il some of tih glass ware, occasioned by their colitents ; bult lr. Callalghlan did not stop to examine thlem. lie did not believe in drintkilg ding busli lness hours. The time was1 somietlillng after midnight ir. Callaghan was aronusel from his preh occupation by a faint click. It, sounreld very milucll like the click of a trigger s aR revolver is cocked. It was a trile stUrt.lilg, but lie did not lose his tire0sence of mind. le facedllround like 0n 111si, aiil turned off tlhe rays of his 1dark liter. He lkniew it was almost Ileless to take the latter precaution, however, for hu wais well illforimed, aid he i.knew Ilhat ill the house of the iici of ltoday it relquied but ile pteeill iof a blltton to turli oni a full streaml o electric liglhts throultiout ann cltire floor. The tldlilen biurtof the light cie, just, ais ie cx petedl it would, aend as it did no hie heard at voice ay):on't dare to move." lie was more startled by the voice than he was by tie sudden glare oflie electric Sligllts, for it was the voice of a younLg girl. 11r. Callaghan blinked a few ti1mes, took a I good look, ald tllen his thin face broadened trifle into a smile. At tihe other end of the room stooda very pale but resolute girl in a pik wrapper. Slle held a little gold mounted revolver of a calibre so small that Mr. Calhlghan, but for his natural politeness, would have laughed at it outright. and she was biting her lip, for she was alpparently very lettr'ous. The revolver was poiited il I r. Callagllan'o direclion, but, lls! the lhand that held it w1as shaking perceptibly. Callaghan iuigrined. " Isl it rather late for you to be out " I Ie ask.ld her. " Don't dare to move," she replied. "I know precisely what to do. Pl'pa told me before lie went away. I amn going to bound the barglar-allarm; and have you arrested. I Then you will be sent to State prison." " ell," almost laughed Mr. Callaghan, 'whly don't youdo it? l'm waiting." '"Because," she answtercd, hesiithlingly "because you'roetanlding in front of it." "Oh, ami I!" answered Callaghall. ' "Then I'll move away. 1 always like to be r polite to ladies." lHe mloved away a few stelps. 5 She frowned a little bit. Thenl she aid: " Excuse Ole, will you pIleiase move a little L further awlay!" "Certainly," ie aillwered. "Anylthing to oblige a real lady." She itetlpped towards thle alarm, which f Callaghan hall not until tlhen perceived, Sand sitretched fort liher halid. She? was I about to turn the little haindle, when I Callahan saidl, lastily : " lold on n mnilute. I)o you thlik that woulll b a e ice thint to do ?" S " Of course it woutld," she anllwered. I ,lust think about it i Ia moment," f'alla 1 ghanl continued. "If y1ou do that; 1'11 be alrrested, ndll sclent i for llfteenl or tC'wenty yelar. Fifteen or twenty years i ia little cell all hy imyself, with 1o one to Itlk to anlld nothing to do-- excelpt break stone for mny ahelllth. Now, I donl't care anyllthing about ii'yerlf. Of couirte I lihaven't done you 1any a wrong. l taven 't got away with tile silver, Sand terefrefore there isn't lIlly wrong diOine you-is there ? I tried to, but you 'have got' the bkest of ile, and yo1're San awfully brave little girl to do I t, too. But jlust think of vyourself duringll the next fifteen or0 twenty years, if 3 you havlre i elnt lip. Every day you'll be I thliking about the loor fellow 'twho1s doing r time because you made hlm, alnd every night 1you'll he lyil Iiwonko ciryilng b?caileS you I made him3 sllnr s0o IntlrI for such 33 little thing, and every tilme the minister ill your chnrch lays alythl'illig aolt, forgirvig yourI eelneiei you'll be thlilki?g he le31lllS yull, anlld" Sise ubroke in: "I think I'll let you go'"-sh- e said It very calrncrstlp. Clongt~laol liglid aloud. "Tliat'e righlt," lho said. "I knew you would, for I knew you were a lady thll minute I sar you. 1 didnl't 1llmeanl what I said. Probably inl a month you'd forget all about le. N, o onle remembers it fello who's (doing time but the police andl the dietectircti. [ 0am jlt lyllIgtlan explrriileilt. I)o you tlhink I wens afraild you'll call thi lpolice ? Nonrense! ])o yii Ltlink I was afraid of your little revolter? IUlionlse ! I've Ieel shoLt twice by Iral revolvers. If you had tried to send the bulrgliir-nirntln ldo you know what I'd have ldone? I'd hllaveo iukd a quoi:ik jiitli for you, 30 il3l I'd harel had Int hlrllts ahloutL yoil" t113loi33 belorou yoil could iave 'inkedl If you Iiil uirel tile revolver, youl would haveo liiilli sedl . Girls can't choot." lie said this last altmost coltempillouslly; but hei was sorry a InoIuent afterw.ude, for I notlcel Ihat les I u ogruwiig very white. 03l very 3'frighltelnedt, tile. N'erlcthiles, hlie contiinued: "AInl iafler I'd gI.et Ily Ilillhda abolut your Ilccl, and you c.ulldln'ta crerlll or trrlagle er sihot, 1l hat do you sulll3oe I'd htao d1o8 ?" She did 0ot redly. ShIe could not speak. She wasL treolblig 'iouleitly. "I'dl lhave-- I'd have "- lIewas emlbal-raeed, and hie actually blkIeiI-CalIlaglian bluSllhed -"I'd lavco kIeecl you," hse 'id, wit, h an clfort, " and t3el3 I'I have p0lle3 away. Illt you nleedn't look friglitcned uliy llgolnr. I aln't ?goley tgo hurt yoVu 1u ]an'L goillo lo kils yoi for onlo day yoti'dbe alianier tof ittlnd you'd be aluohaul Io toll your bce.t hearl tiit Rocky Calllghl0n kiaedC you. And I ahll33't agohIg to rake alytlilu thatIt bAelong?s to lls Ihouse, lLlioughI IcoulnIrhglt before your eyes. 13n just a.uoilig peaccably Ihostarrted tf walk towarde thle window by wllich lie lald eiered.' Au lie did 1o, I)oiy, ever, heIo loloked at Ier elitically,atol0lld, olld s3idt' - " You're going to lhol 0iut lk t j abolti 33nt1l l' 1 ont i tltep yo03 3311 'o0ll3 1o 1013t. I Call't Ica10o you Il13~ luu' n 1h a taint, XI'i fr it'3 - " Teto walkd deliberately to the asdeboatAl lndll poured it an a gloasrof wine. "IHere," nill ho, "dlat-it thisl, ll thllan go ulttnirs to bed as qltick as you can. I'll lock the itidow lifter I go ot." - Slle took thlo wiino with a frighteol:c " Thank yo'll, illt ddrinkll it. Mlr.C lIlhngll ttlrned to leavoe "Tlhat -brln?at, thle red badk in yonr: heeks,"'lle sid+t - " Iva a good tling 0wilc lot tlt t llllRtlingii buitros hollur. Now I ntn'?loing, bt I waont you to rolmemtber thatl I't not afirid of the burglar.ilnrnt or the little revolver. I'n not going to rob you becelloe-becatme you at'o eo brave, tnd beiato nyoueI v 0n0arc Itretly. I sort of iato to make i failulre of alob, lmnl 1 guless tie boys will guy tie nt bit for it; but you 1ae too pretty. - Snyitlu which, Mr.' Callaghan climbtr" niilI;y tllrnoiulthewindow all disappleared. \- lfrper's tl'edify. MIANAGING A BABY. As tl.he Michigan Centnl trailn was coo. ing to Detroit one day last week there war ta baby on board that cried for two straight, hours. It was inot a cry of teethlig or colic, but just. the whining squall of an ilfant vixen that wast't going to be suited anIy Thile Ipasenigers on that cml couhl neither sleepi nor read, id itit la tins. ait red-.faced chi: gelltlertil tllrlled tIo the imother a1d aid : "lntdalut, ifyou would stop trotting tllo life outt of hllt young 'n it would let u1i ecrealruilu g." " I g I knotv m0oroe abouti babies than you do," lapIIed tihe nother. \\\'ell, at I've got io say is, I've rairsed eight, and the whilecaboodl of them never mladoe us much noiso ins that oul," lie retortedl. " P'erha oit on would like to try your Iland on t i.s ie. f you canll stop im it's more than I can do." " Give hitl to tlle, tntmildmttt, tait ill ten nlinltes e'll be as quiet its a lamb. I've seenl wore children alltny In time." lHe winked at the other piasengers as he reaclhed iout his htands for tile baby. "'Tooteey-rwoolsey tnlat," ie urged, and the infant optenetl one eye to look oat himn while it stifened like it poker, and rouaed louder thall over. " If you will step into the next car so that it wo't see yoo," sid tile obliginlg travller, "I can l lhll htinl soonier. Ho'll be all rihllt, ?ua'nt, don't you worry." "I wont," said toe woIman thankfully, as she resigned the equaller mnld disappelred ilto tle next car. "ii - Ilh-l, stop iow, little fellow ; ride cock hIorseto Banulry cross, there wa al n old woman ish.Ii.ehI--let go of mly hair, you little wretch"ll The baby had tangled its fingers in thle chin whiskers of its new friend, and was pulling theln out by the roots. "Stopo that ntoisc," bowled tile passengers it chortuto, "or give that kid back to ito imother." He would havero been very glad to have acceded to either of tllese requests, but the mlother was gone, and the baby was increasing its intseic every minute. "ViWalkyvnwaly, pct??' ie nasked in a voice like n calliope; " hushl, my dear, lie still and -murder I Won't somebody go after its mother ?" But nobody would stir. They all wanted to see hini manage that baby. When the conductor called "Detroit" and the train slowed into tile depot, a wild eyed manu, coatless and dishevelled, was tearing from one end of the train to the other, while tile baby screamed over his shoulder. S"1'l take him now," said ta mild voice, and asn its mother apleared, that childl stopped Isrowlin ; tn cherubic smile dinmpled its face, and it looked nit if it hadu never saed a tear in its life. Iltlt its volunteer nurse was a complete wreck. KILLING TILE BARBER. S DEraOIT 11o ai barber who if talking had never existed would have invented it, and still ie is an excellent barber with a good patronage. Siice last Tuesday evening, however, lie has been wenting acoulntenance of gloom and disappointment, and some of his frienda think he is contemplating suicide. At beven o'clock of the evening mentioned a tlian cidently froll Chicago came ifn, and relnovnig his external integuinents took a " chair. "Shave, sir l" inquired the barber, get ting hli implements ready. " Certainly," responded tile customner, fixing himself comfortably. " 1 haven't been sllaved for three days owinog to tile fact that soeveral days ago, ill rersponse to all invitation from a man whom I klnov otly slightly, havinlg met him but once or twice during his trilps to Chicago on business in whicl we were both interensted, I went over here ilto i back county of Canada about fifty iiles froln any railroad stationl, in a section of coluntry whole there weren't i any raoarsexceplt tthose the htoga wore on their backs, and I haven't been able to elide my chin against anything sharier than a Citl adian rephyr twenty degrees below the ice notch, aitd the consequlllence has been that I havc haId a growtll of britles tllat I think if mlly wife shllould run her face against on my return to mny native villane would give her such a shock that site wouldn't lot mo cotta near heragaiti for the next six ionths, orat least until I had promisedi her faithfully that I never woIld let myself get into such a condiioln again, even if I went into the wihli of Africa, rlwhere I suppose t Inan's whirskers in n tI luxuriant climate of that lalitcde would growi to such a thictiet of ltirtsulto sthbiinelh s tllat there wouldn't he any way of cuttinlg theol. ileass lie imllported a doilbbl strength reapeer and inower witll rcinforced knives in odter that tihere tImight not be anly intitakes in t11to accom pilishlllnt of the job for whichi it had lnever been icligncd hlut, for which, thanks to the excellenlce ni American Imanufactuae rers, it wouldl readily adalt itself in all emenrgency of this kindi, providedl it were ill the Ilandst of a colnmla:enlt ,illd ellicient person who knew exactly its eaulabilities antd rwas onversanl ihll tile lr"u"',ar metiods of its a tpliiation to-You ain't though, are you ? I doln't want any lhalllipoo, haircitt, aor anythiig else. Ifole nuch ? Fifieei rents! Iera's yolur money," anl slilapliln on Il coat and ihat tie bouncled out writhout giving the barber a ch ance to say ia eingle word. ONCE WAS ENOU(Il. A rotl?u gentlemanti who lately left Ilt htome in Englanduhi, having exhlausted ili credit, telegraphed tI.o his parents: " Yotur ll was killed tllis Inorening iy a falliig chitmney. What, elIll we to with the remainsil??" II, ieply a clheii was sent for £1O, wit h tihe reitc?rt, " bury them." The yoiung geitlelltan pocketed tle iolney anti Ilid ain einllllorate Piiltet. \'hell ill a cotition for wlitilg tIhe snt Ilis father the followhig t tharn juti learned that nit ilt.fnto sconhl lrel lllllliei Id ll'ker ?,el.t y u] IIa Rictiione IItCllc i I tlhf ely Ihrilth, ,,1i swindled you nout of £L0. ic alil boar. rowed £10 of ino atld leIlt Ihe collitlry. I wilito to itnfoin ytll hat I tnI sotill alive, nl log ii to see thie ililretli roof agaill, I ain illn anloewiat, retcllled ciirnltl staclles, tim artllnnllations of Ctie last tire yearalmlvirang been lott-a dioatroll tntock Oltelratioll--ndti if y\niitolllll oltly alttlla lns Lft I owtllt hb ever tlhatinklllt itLyailr rattii'. Gino mny love to oall." A low daya Itiser itie yOaUul Iati F reinrd tile followhitig tdgtniiied lettter from iis olll rogel tal'toit : ,i iy hear Sonl,--I hlare biirid you olice atld ttltit in ilte onol of it. I deelitta to iara "ny tratlncltion with a ghost. Yo'aurs in the fleolt, 'aT{nrl.'." T?on Ecxrpenive.-Ja-alk I "Eilith, will yeo Into Ino? The hIlres: "Tl'hiltnks, Jack-I can't llftif you ," Tite .Jaanelle lvet a stolilshel Ithe 'snkest 