CRICKET. CRICKET NOTES. I [BY POINT.J The cricket season is rapidly drawing to a cloae, and in a month tlie footballera will be in full pos session of our grounds. So far as first-class matches the Australian season ended last Monday when the Englishmen won the international match. Club matches will finish probably the week after Easter. To-day the Norwoods meet the North Adelaides, and the Souths will engage the Hindmarsh. These matches will take two Saturdays. After Easter the Norwoods will probably finish off the Souths, and the Hindmarsh will continue their long innings against the Adelaides. The incidents of the international match are so fresh in the minds of every one that it will not be necessary to deal with it here in any but the briefest way. The match was won when Grace won the toss. The Australians after that never had the ghost of a show of winning, or even of making a drawn game. The game was never exciting, in fact, the interest never even bordered on excitement. The Englishmen made a magnificent score indeed, 489 is only second to the 651 made by Australia against England in 1884, The score should not have been so large by a great many chalks. The Australian fielding was very second rats, and every man mode blunders more or less costly. There was nothing sensational in the batting of the Englishmen. There were only two absolute failures -everyone else got into double figures. All the batsmen were very anxious to score, and some men who usually hit out were content to play with great care. Stoddart took the palm, and he batted very prettily and gracefully. Peel, Bead, Grace, and Attewell were the other principal, scorers. Grace was of course closely watched, and it was easily seen that the old chamoion now has only one very effective stroke, the cut, so no wonder he has not been so successful during the lost year or two on the uncertain English wickets. The Australian bowling was very plain on the perfect wicket. Now comes the other side of the picture. The Australians had to bat on a wicket which suited the bowlers as much as the wicket at first suited the English batsmen. They therefore did very well to make so many runs. Hitting was the only payable game, and some tremendous banging was done by Lyons, Bruce, and George GiSen. Some men tried more cautious tactics, but McLeod was the only one who could keep Briggs's balls away from his wicket for any length uf time. The match was a very unsatisfactory one. Altogether over £1,200 was taken during the match, the net proceed sof which our Association takes 10 per cent., being £792. These are record takings for South Australia. The Englishmen are gone. Tbey had a hearty send off. Their trip has in the main been enjoyable, although Dr. Grace has not byhiB conduct com mended himself to Australian cricketers, and no one will wonder at his statement that he will not come to Australia again, at all events as a member, of a team. Every one will welcome an All England Eleven next season to play three test matches. The Earl of Sheffield has the project under consideration, and if be can arrange with Gunn and Shrewsbury as well as other leading cricketers to make a thoroughly representative team he will come out again. Grace will not be brought out. His absence will not materially weaken the eleven. The first match will be played in Adelaide in the end of December, the second in Melbourne on January 1, and the third in Sydney at the end of January. It will be a nice picnic for the Englishmen who come out, and the matches will excite intense interest. The Notts County Club, for whom Alfred Shaw rendered great service as a bowler, have arranged to give the professional a benefit at Nottingham on May 10,17, and 18. They bare cabled out asking if the Earl of Sheffield would allow his team to meet another eleven of England, and the Earl has cabled his hearty approval of the idea'. Shaw first played for his county in 1864, and played his last game in 1887\. For the last eleven or twelve years he has had charge of the Earl of Sheffield's beautiful ground at Sheffield Park, and he has acted as Mana fer for the Earl throughout the present tour. Shaw as three times brought English teams to Aus tralia-in 1881-82, 1884-85, and 1886-87. In the first tour he played, and he was Manager without playing in the last two tours. The proposed match should draw an enormous crowd. There are so many good cricketers left behind in England that an eleven will be available which will be able to make a grand struggle against the Earl of Sheffield's team. This is apparent when such names as Lord Bawke, W. \v. Bead, Shrews bury, Gutrn, Barnes, Woods, Ferria, O'Brien, Martin, J. T. Hearne, Chatterton, Ward, Mould, Ulyett, and Sberwin are mentioned. Will Secretaries of Clubs please supply the cen turies recorded in their Clubs during the season as early as possible. It is intended to publish a com plete list at the end of the season. 