J CHAPTER XIV. I bad scarcely time for farther observation of toe house to which my ancle and I drove up, oad also to remark that the garden surrounding it was inconsistently bright ana pretty, and seemed by force of con trast to increase its sombreness, before my cogitations and specula tions were interrupted by the sudden and unexpected opening of the front door. We had not made any appli cation for admittance, and it was hard to imagine that our approach had been sent through those lifeless vacant- looking windows. My uncle however es&ibited; no surprise, and, calling' to the man-servant, be bade hiin eend some one to hold the horse; and, on a page-boy appearing for that purpose, he descended, and orossea the gloomy-looking threshold, followed closely and wonderingly by me. No Booner were we &irly; inside than the man said " You will excuse me one moment, sir? I have orders never to leave the door unbolted. I will show you to the drawing-room in an instant, j j We are rather short of hands just now, for the hail-porter is ill." "What are they afraid of, I wonder V I thought, as I saw the man drawing one heavy bolt after another. "Burglars, I suppose; but, if they have to go through this cere mony every time a visitor calls, it mUBt bo a terrible bother. Ugh," I continued, with an inward shudder, looking round the spacious bare hall -" the inside is as bad as the ex terior 1 Fancy having to live here! Why, the very air seems thick and oppressive and difficult to breathe 1" "Willyou follow mo now, sir?" said the man, haviop completed his gaoler - like arrangements ; therit opening a door and ushering us in, he continued," I will tell the master ' you have arrived; lie has been ex pecting you, and will be with you in a few minutes, I know." My uncle nodded silently, and then the man shut the door noiselessly, and we hoard no more of hiin. *' Oh, dear," I thought again with an involuntary shudder; " it's an ad vantage no doubt to have quiet servants but that man seems to glide about like a ghost! Not but what it would take a veritable clodhopper to make any sound on these extraor dinary tfcick carpets. What an odd thing!" I pondered. " There is no other sign of wealth about, yet these carpets must have cost a fortune. Uncle," I said aloud, for the silence and heaviness were beginning to affect me very uncomfortably, " who is your friend ? Have I seen him ?" " No, you have not," lie replied un graciously. " But what is his name ?" I per sisted. '^Clfiir." Now Madge, don't ask any-more questions, please; I want to rest for a minute or two." With that he seated himself in an easy-chair, and taking up a news paper, held it between his face and mine; but I recognised that this was simply a ruse to ensure my silence, for I knew, with the paper shaking , as it did, that it was impossible he could read a word. " Ah me," I sighed to myself-" I can't help it-I can do no more! Since he is determined to treat me with this cold severity, I muBt e'en bear it, and try to harden my heart against feeling it. Well, since he won't talk, I may as well try to amuse myself by looking about." I walked round the large room, but the, more I saw the more I wondered, and the more disgusted I felt with the taste of the proprietors of this barbarously gloomy habita tion. I am by no means fond of a litter of meaningless ornaments; but in drawing-room one naturally ex llere there was absolutely nothing of a light and perishable order, On the mantlepiece, which boasted no look ing glass, stood a ponderous bronze clock and (wo large statuettes, all handsome in their way, but utterly out of place, and so enor mously heavy that it most have been a strong man who could have moved tbem an inch. But what gave a greater air of discomfort to the room even than the complete absence of the ordinary pleasing artistic trifles, whose beauty of colour and form is often their only intrinsic value, was the very singular hanging of the pictures which completed covered the upper pkrt of the wall. Many! of them appeared to me to be good, but they were so provokingly nigh tip that without standing on a chair it would have been, impossible to criticise them. The room was a very lofty one, and the pictures reached up to the ceiling, those at sight; and I found by stretching up that I could not touch the frame even of th6 lowest by-two or three inches. In a corner behind him, and there fore out of sight of my uncle, I was engaged in making this experiment, and was standing on tiptoe with my arms stretched above my head to their fullest extent, when I found, to my unutterable confusion, that the j door muBt have noiieleBaly opened again, for on turning my head I saw that a> lady and gentleman stood on the tlireshold, regarding my most unusual attitude with calm cold eyes in which appeared no sign of sur prise. I was really so overwhelmed at the consciousness of having acted with unwarrantable rudeness that, though as a rule I am not afflicted with the peculiar and insidious form of vanity which we call shyness, I knew that no thief taken in the act could have looked more guiltily conscience stricken than I did; and, when Mr. and Mrs. Blair-for I surmised ! rightly that the lady and gentleman were a married couple-passed me with the same gloomy stony stare, and with not the' slightest sign of any salutation, I felt that I could not complain and that I had been treated but as I deserved. They were close upon my uncle before he heard them; and I felt a little satisfaction to see that they discomposed him almost as much as they had disoon certed me. completely out of Now that I had a minute to observe them, I saw that they were in truth a very startling-looking couple. Mr. Blair was thin and.of middle height, but he conveyed the impression of enormous sinewy muscular strength; his complexion was sallow, his nose small, his chin heavy and massive, his mouth thick and protuberant and crowded with cruel fang-like teeth, while his steely grey eyes, which a ] strong repellent cast rendered still i more repulsive, glittered and moved restingly beneath his overhanging black Drows. (To be coiuitwd next Saturday.) 