SOCIAL NOTES. The marriage or Air. Alexander (Jameron and Miss Mary Wright, daughter of Mr. j Thomas Wright, " Ellamine," Torresdale road, Heyingfcon, was celebrated at the Toorak Presbyterian Church, on Wednes day, Jane 29, by the Rev. J. F. Macrae. The church was beautifully decorated by the girl friends of the bride, and the decorations included a large wedding bell, mode by the . daughters of Mr. George Jenkins. The bride, who was given away by her father, was attired in white satin, tastefully trimmed with white crSpe de olune and orange blossoms. She wore a veil of tulle over a coronet of orange blossoms, and carried a Goodyear bouquet of choice white flowers. Her bridesmaids were Miss Wright and Misses Nellie and Winnie Austin. The first- named wore a pretty Josephine frock of white .Bilk, with a Court veil of tulle. The amaller bridesmaids were in white, with buttercup-coloured' silk sashes. Amongst the presents was a handsome dessert service from the father of the bride, and a piano from her mother, a chest of plate from Airs. Austin, and man}' other useful and orna mental gifts. After the weading & reception was held at " Elfamine," end breakfast par taken of. The bride'e going-away gown was of djuk;blue serge\ Bet off with velvetjin a deeper tonej ehe wore a uayy blue Jiai to match'. , ,; ' Some'Melbounie ladies,' including several who have taken University' degrees, propose to ata rt a woman'a.club in'^Ifcloourne, on tlie lines of the higlUy- succesaful SomervilLe Qltib, jn London. It is believed that such an institution would be a sticctess, offering, as It would,'the material cbmforte ahd social at iraotions of a club, tdgetlier^ith a first-rate supply of current literature and opportunities of practising debating or discusaine ques tion pi interest to womep engaged in evdy variety of .occupation. The chief feature ottheclub would be periodical discussions anddeotures on social, literary, political, and kindred (subject^ together .witli owaBional social gatliexinCT. . |t is proposed, j© make it'4s fioped, ¥rtllpltofe it Within thereatft'of ? all. ;flandidatai would r^uue'&Hbe-pro; pPBfidfcy afliembex apjl aecpn^ed bjr, * p& eonal ftiend, or twp references given. A meeting of those interested is to be'iield at the studio of Messrs. Johnstone, 0 bhannessy, and Co., Collins-street, on Monday, July 4, at 8 p.m. The following is the provisional com mittee:-Dr. Clara Stone, Mrs. Goldstein, Mvs. Fox, Miss Chomley, Miss lliegins, Miss Greene, Miss Murray, Miss Bear. Mrs. OouM, Mrs. Lawford, Mrs. Norman, Miss hoscn hain, Miss Goldstein, Miss Henderson, ana Miss A. J. Campbell. All those wishing to join should communicate with Miss Gold stein, "Collina," Tivoli- road, South larra. A very large gathering assembled at the invitation of Dr. Ambrose Wilson (head master of the Church of England Grammar School) and the council in the school- grounds on Wednesday, June 29, to witness the lay ing of the foundation stone of the school chapel by the Countess of Ilopetoun, wlitcn took place at half- past 2 on the dayname<J. Her ladyship, who was accompanied by ljis Excellency the Governor, the lion. Violet Willoughby, and Captain Forbes., was pre sented with a silver trowel with winch she spread the mortar, and after the atone was lowered gave it the three regulation taps with the handle, saying in a clear and distinct voice, " 1 lay this foundation stone ot the Melbourne Church of England Grammar School Chapel, to be dedicated to the service of the Almighty God, in the name ot,T , Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The building commemo rates the services which were rendered to the school by Dr. Bromby and Mr. Pyne, two popular head-masters of the school, who are now no more. Their names are recorded on the marble tablet on the foundation stone. His Excellency, the Lord Bishop of Mel bourne, Dr. Bevan, Mr. F. G. Smith. Pro fessor Morris, aud Dr. Wilson delivered im pressive addresses. Amongst those present, and who were afterwards entertained at afternoon tea by Mrs. Ambrose Wilson, m the drawingrooin, were the Bishop and Mrs. Goe, Mrs. Holroyd, Mrs. Hodges, Judge aud Mrs. Hamilton, Mrs. Higm botham, Professor and Mrs. E. E. Morris. Dr. and Mrs. Leeper, Mr. and Mrs. Grim wade, Mr. and Mrs. George Jenkins, Mr. and Mrs. J. G. W. Wilmofc, the Misses Ward Cole, Mrs. Arthur King, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Levey, Mrs. S. T. Staughton, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Miller, the Rev. E. S. Hughes, Mrs. F. Hughes, Mr. and Mrs. Brentnall, Mr. at)'. Mrs. Murray Smith, Mrs. Grice, the Rev. Walter and Mrs. Fellows, Mrs. Tom Hall, Mrs. Co'oham, Mrs. Moubray. Mr. J. Lake, Mr. F. G. Smith, and Dr. and Mrs. Bevan. Mrs. Mars Buckley threw open her charm ing house " Beaulieu," Toorak, on Wednes day, June 23, for the reception of a small company to dance. The rooms were prettily decorated with winter flowers, those chieny used being red and white camellias, arum lilies, roses, violets, and jonquils, and in and about the hall (where dancing took place) were grouped tall palms, ferns, and varie gated grasses. Herr Flock's Laud played a delightful programme of music, including the "Swedish Lancers," the dancing of which was much enjoyed. Supper, which was ex ceptionally good, was laid out in the dining room, tea and coffee and the lighter refresh ments beincr obtainable in the morning- room. By ;nsne o'clock the drawing-room was j thronged, by a very smart company, which had been previously received by Mr. and Mrs. Buckley, including Mrs. Rupert Carington, Sirs. Alec. Landale% Mr. and Mrs. George Chirnside, Miss Watson, the Hon E. de Moleyns, Mr. and Mrs. Traill, Mr. and Mrs. T. Fairbairn, Captain \N hite, the Misses Lang, Mr. J. Russell, Captain Wellington, the Misses Fellows, Miss Ro bertson. Miss Nina Robertson, Mr. Edward Fitzgerald, Miss Brash. Captain Willoughby, Mr. B. Armrtage, Mr. Stawell, Miss Fisken, Mr. J. T. Fisken, Lieutenant Christian, Cap tain Reynolds, Miss E- Stevenson, Miss E. Fitzgerald, Miss J. Rowe, Mr. H. Brash, Mr. and Mrs. W. Bayles, Mr. N. Bayles, Miss Murray Smith, Mr. C. Hake, Mr. Hannay, Miss Sumner, Miss Mary Simeon, the Misses Morrison, Mr. and Mrs. E. Mitchell, Colonel and Mrs. Penno, Miss O'Loghlen, Mrs. J. B. Nutting, Mr. P. Fitzgerald, Mr. De Little, Mr. Kilpatrick. Mr. Ullathorne, Mr. A6trop, Lieutenant Kales, Mr. H. Harper, Signor Catani, Dr. Noyes, Mr. Dunsmure, Miss Box, the Misses Carrir.gton, Lieutenant Gaunt, Professor Lyle, Mr. Tullocli, Miss Molesworth, Miss Aitken, Mr. A. Taylor, Miss Hemmili, Mi. H. Ford, &c.; Amongst the presentations at the second Drawing-room at Buckingham Palace was Miss Gertrude Hay (of Lindon, South Aus tralia), who wore a train of handsome white silk and satin stripe, embroidered with lilies j of the valley arranged gracefully from the shoulder in the Watteau style, and caught artistically with ribbons aud large clusters of; lilies of the valley, ruche of lilies and tulle j effectively finishing the edge of the train; j corsage and petacoat of rich white satin j duchesse, princess style; lilies arranged in a! fringe round the foot; corsage prettily j trimmed with garland of lilies to correspond,; and ribbons. Lady Helen Kerr, daughter of Lord Lothian, sistejrof thelate Earl of Ancrnm, was presented by Duchcsa of Buccleoch. She wore a bodice of crSpe de Chine, covered | all over with ^pearls. Two long ends fell .at j the aides tasselled with pearls, the petticoat of Bengaline was trimmed with chiffon and jessamine, train lined with satin, -trimmed with moire ribbon and long biais bands of the material. | The Earl of Northesk, who was known in: his fatherje lifetime ae Lord Roaehill, and: for a time.acted as A^D.C. to His Excellency the Governor, has come back to the colony: with the intention of -making a considerable! stay, and will resume his position on the; Governors staff. The earl, though he has j come into n good estatein Scotland, likes; the Australian climate. and wishes to sojourn' hfere for a time. , . ^ -.'V. 