A COLLAPSED AI!t OASTLK. ?*?T is a questionable comfort to be a1 J> bachelor. I had never felt more .onvinced of that fact than I did on one particular day in December. The sun which I find often affects our moods seriously by the way he look? down upon us -was in a coquettish mood, and coaxed even the icicles and snowbanks to smile. The ladies were out in ominous prophecy of a stormy morrow, a sign that seldom fails -nob Aginatively speaking, permit me to remark, for I am no judge of other men's matrimonial calendar, and charitably believe the verdict of fiction, "where the sky that had been obscured witli clcuds was hung with a hundred rainbows, and life was one perpetual summer of bliss after the bright particular 'she' appeared on the iirrizon of his life." Literally, I i emarked, however, that the unusual number of the female persuasion in the stieels of our famous town portended a kbortn, and so my prophecy proved true ; for the night shut down sullen and gloomy, justas I imagine society belles must appear ;,ft"'i- a brilliant ball, wheiv, they have squandered three days' supplies of smiles and blandishments on one evening. Per haps the atmosphere warmed up enough people to warrant the outlay, but sulky thoughts waited in the shadows afterwards, just the same. Questionable, I remarked, is the comfort of a bachelor. It is very flattering to be pointed out as some special genus of a race, in an exclusive way, shining with an unborrowed lustre, as, "That tall gentleman we just passed is Mr. Scribbler, an old bachelor." I felt anew accession of dignity, for I observed the tone was respectful, as if I had been quoted as a " bachelor of arts," or as a professor of science. No second fiddle dubbing, as Mrs. Jonas Brown's husband, but simply a respectable single identity. No wonder I could assume a patronising and complacent look as 1 passed on. Ano!her group came down the avenue. | One of the young ladies I recognised as a daughter of an old acquaintance. The air was clear, and after I had bowed anil walked I slowly on, these words saluted my ear, "OMay! You should set your cap for Mr. Scribbler " May and December ! That would be like the. story I read lately," was the reply in silvery tones, that sounded very pleasant, .and sent a flutter through even my old veins as 1 listened, hoping to hear more pleasantries at my expense of as encouraging a character, especially as I had noted that the face and sunny maimer of the person addressed was like one I could wish to possess as a da! ig liter. 15ut the next words shut down like night, chilling my very bones. " You know he might not live long, and then you would be a rich, jolly widow, with plenty of admirers, and -" Mtxcnre.! 1 thought my plodding neigh bour across the street, who was ouiy Mrs. .Blank's husband, could be hardly the victim of such a dark conspiracy. In I his mood of sudden humility I encountered an old friend, heavily laden with parcels, who was not only somebody's husband, but an old-time rival. My greeting partook of the nature of con gratulation, and was cordially and heartily returned. Upon receiving an invitation to call at my bachelor quarters, he assured me -making a sudden dive toward a dry goods store-that if he got his errands done in time he would come. Errands? 1 >less my soul! Where is the burdened benedict going to s'ow away the rest of his "errands"-and what made him look as if haunted by some irate fury as he edged oli' hurriedly to buy calico, thiead, a paper of pins, perhaps, or a yard of ribbon, or some other feminine possessions that old . bachelors are not supposed to realise the need of'; On my homeward journey, thinking and moralising on the two opposite states of masculine existence, I found illustrations, every few paces, in the jingling of sleigh bolls, that announced some passing young couples looking comfortable and-jolly, I should have once said, but that term had been turned into a grim joke so recently that it sent a shiver through mc--elderly couples tucked up snugly, and talking coin fortably, or jogging on in melancholy silence. .vjo contradictory are all general applications to social s'ates that I gave ifc up as too far beyond me to solve the problem "To be or not to be." The whistle of the early evening train blew, and I concluded my friend had been so long delayed with matching that particular shade of ribbon, or finding that identical pattern of slippers, that he had no time to drop in to commiserate an old bachelor in his lonely lot. Me was a sort of rival years ago, and no one could condemn me for feeling a slight resent men b on being " cut out," to use a common phrase. Hut time heals many a smait, and one turns back, when one is old, uncommonly kindly to the friends of youth. As I said, the night come down dark and gloomy, and I fell to musing somewhat dis mally on a state that I felt in duty bound to defend in public. I, moreover -thinking the lowering night would exempt, me from intrusion -waseugaged in the very womanish task of darning my own hose. My methodical mother had insisted on my learning that accomplishment, lest I should need to know how : I wish she hadn't. Of course I didn't mind doing this when I was 10 years younger, but now my fingers had grown clumsy, and the needle would go into the wrong place - as often into my fingers as into the edge of the chasm I was trying to bridge over with yarn. It is astonishing how a person who has kept a strict guard over his tongue will suddenly remember all the " swear words " he ever knew upon such a provocation. I had just come to the last fissure in those boson when I saw my friend's figure pass the window. I hoard his step at the door, and hastily thrusting the darning-needle into the nearly spent ball, threw them into a cushioned wooden rocker, and carelessly spread a cieati red handkerchief over all, as i fell, lather ashamed to be found mending stockings by this man of all others, who had a wife t<> keep him neat. This thought, put mc on the defensive at once, for I said to myself: " ' Ye ate spies ! To see the nakedness of the land are ye come.' Without; compromising truth, I shall externally prove the tranquil joy i'f the celibate." My friend Joshua looked tired and ill at ease, and after looking into the dark corners s anewhat; apprehensively, drew up a splint bottuni'.d chair to the fireplace, and soon grew sociable under the cheering influence of the ruddy blaze, before which the and irons posed, like sentinels, black and grim, evidtnily staring a! I lie intruder. After we had talked a while on many iopk:s his face grew long and solemn, and drawing his hand slowly over his half-gray whiskers, he remarked sagely : " This must be a mighty hard fife for you l.o lead, Rube, here all alone; 1 pity you from the bottom of my heart, I do ! Don't you get lonely '! " " Occasionally," 1 replied. " When I do, I generally throw a handful of butternut wood on the fire, and the sputtering and snapping ;hat breaks the silence seems to fill lite room with tiie ghosts of a quilting : bee or a sevring society." i Joshua turned up his eyes rather sus piciously, looking for some sign? <:f irony in my face, and continued p.-'tronir-inyly: - 1S iX'uvr ii' yon had a wife, f!ube, :-'ie v.nuld have poli.-hed these andirons so you could see yc;;r face in 'em.:' " ] have a good looking-glass," J said, i: and beside, 1 H'.mm' flattered mystlf on being worth looking at." "There's.': woman over in our neighbour hood lhat would make von a v. iiV." ha ri-ui-t: k< i. '1 fjhe i* guod hivkn.g. art as a, sUvi Itap, aud eU;v r beside. i'ui interested in y ni, really, and would like '.o see you c omfort ably settled in yous declining years. Suppose you come over lr uir place, some time, and get acquainted f "lam not sure I need a wife," I said | reluctantly, not being willing- to confess tlnvl iris last words had fallen like oil 011 troubled ' I seas. " I am well enough as I am." My apparent reluctance to accept his ser vices as match-maker aroused in him the slumbering fire of oratory; long subdued rumour liad whispered-by the sharp and overwhelming- logic of his bettor half, Belinda. " Think what it would be," said lie, " to have soin« one to share your sorrows, treble your joys (Belinda used to sing treble in the village choir when 1 was young), to soothe your cares with loving words and gentle smiles ; to bestow titles of tenderesb endear ment upon you ; to be a ministering angel in sickness ; some kindred soul to be enshrined in your heart forever, to be incorporated irrevocably in your existence, to waken snblimesb harmony in your soul; to cook your victuals, scrub the floors, and do your washing and mending beside ; to look after the fowls, and ." ]inb whatever else Joshua might have said was lost to mo then. He had, as it were, taken me by slow stages to the meeting house steeple, and then dropped me from thence, in a twinkling, into a wash-tub and a poultry-yard and kettles and frying pans. Qf course the shock and the fall was too much for one of my sensitive temperament, and it took time to recovcr from my dazed condition. That was the way his eloquence always ended at the debating society when ho was young. He Mould soar, and soar, and soar, till he reached the "top of father's wood piie." j I saw he was making one more frantic i-fi'orb, encouraged by my weak silence, to convert me to his matiimonial creed. I knew it would be perilous to his purpose to inter rupt the current of his ideas, and still listened in silence, wondering, a little sceptically, why ho looked so careworn and ill at ease, in such a felicitous state of exist ence. " And-and whenever you have roamed afar from the bosom of your family, and are weary and worn with fatigue, to bo wel come! I home again with caressing words and a loving embrace. He mopped the perspiration from his brow, and dropped from his tragic attitude into the rocking-chair,towards which he had been gyrating in his excitement. Ho dropped into the chair with the air of a used-up orator, overmastered by the power of his eloquence, and leaned heavily back, while I remarked that " I was glud to hear that lie and Belinda lived so harmoniously and happily together." Whatever else I would have said was cut short, by his suddenly strange conduct as he sprang up- from the chair and executed n dance that was something between a waltz and a breakdown, and not exactly either. " Why these antics, my friend?" I asked innocently, refraining from gazing except on his face, which w.-ss contorted and twisted with a succession of grimaces marvellous to behold. " It is indeed a fitting illustration of your felicity when yoit are impelled to lea)) for joy." "liangit all," he said, "Can't you see what a fix I am in ?" And he reached his I hand a round to his spine and gave another terrific shriek. " Excuse my abstraction," I said, slowly) rising to investigate the cause of his fright. " I was thinking of Belinda " The cause immediately transpired, for, fastened to the small of his back, were all the contents of that chair, except the cushion. "Confound Belinda !" he exclaimed, stung to madness oy jealousy and the darning needle. "1 can stand her sharp tongue from morning till night-I've gob seasoned to it-but I'll be darned if 1 can stand spikes piercing my spinal marrow." "I'll try to extricate you; I understand now. } our little pun respecting my darn ing needle here made me think you were mildly swearing," I remarked. " SUady now!' And with a vigorous effort the darning needle, handkerchief, ball, ami stocking were at once removed, and I con fessed to myself with an inward chuckle that it was certainly not a very beautifying addition to a frock coat. Joshua was speechless when I stood before him, with the crab-like attachment lis had unwittingly aH'octed - entirely done for. He had in an unlucky moment, con tradicted his own logic, and looked humbly at the stockings, seizing on them as a subject for his next remark. "Did you do that, Reuben?" he asked. "I never see out* damerl so well. Alter all, you are able to ' paddle your own canoe' yet. Guess I must be going." " Don't hasten, Joshua- you were telling me what i'elinila would say when you return; I am getting deaf; I don't always catch everything." " No I wasn't, neither ! And you needn't be calling my wife by her first name- to my face -bub I can tell yon near enough, if you want, to know ; she will say that I was a blustering old idiob to miss that train and get belated home, and I guess I was, too." " I beg your pardon, friend Joshua," I apologised. "I am somewhat blundering myself, and I reckon I'd be twice as much so if I had as many errands entrusted to my poor memory as yon had to-day." He looked as if it was no affair of mine, but seemed to take kindly to my sympathy, and corrected one of my errors * by present - ing a much rumpled document from bis vest pocket. " There's the items ; it don't do to trust to my memory, neither." I glanced hastily at the Greek and Hebrew characters that I was unable to translate correctly, and Joshua suddenly exclaimed : " By the great Caesar ! If I didn't forget them pins and hairpins?" He seemed in great haste to leave, but I detained him to remind him of his magnani mous offer. " When shall I have the pleasure of meet ing that amiable person at your house? Miss Charity Smith, I think you called her." He looked more confused than ever, and replied, somewhat hesitatingly : " Well, now-come to think of it, I ain't sure she'd suit you, after all and- come to think of it-seems to me I heard that she thought of making a lengthy visit to her nephew out in Oregon. Perhaps you had better wait awhile. I think I'll take it np with Miss Chavity first. Good night, Reuben. I'm glad to leave yoti so com fortable." He vanished, and I have not seen him since, and the air castle is likely to share the same f.ife as many another. But here, what is this my eye first lights upon as 1 open the paper this hot midsummer day ? "A mysterious disappearance! Our esteemed townsman, Mr. Joshua Brown has been missing for several days. The depot agent is quite sure he bought a ticket for some Western city, but his family suspect suicide, as he has been melancholy of late.3' Poor Joshua! I can imagine that he would be subject to hypo occasionally. Belinda can't be what she used to be, according to the hints he let drop reflecting on her amiability. I hardly think it would be best to attempt to condole with her, if worst has come to worst-and if Belinda Brown is really a widow -poor fellow ! But perhaps she might, for old acquaint ance sake, forget her grief sufficiently to present me to Miss Smith. "Charity" that name, however, has had a very pleas ing sound to my ears. But here's another Chestnut-hill item, I hat gives the finishing stroke to that air castle " Miss Charily Smith started for Oregon la-t week. " The thermonvrter was ninety in the shade when I came in with the paper. I must go out and look at it again ; it must have falhtt twenty degrees certain. What if-Joshua had gone out to Oregon himself f Tn all England there are only seven school . bo nds which do not pro\ide for reliyiou; | iusUiivlion by the tey-vher. 