A0T4 P0PTJM. ? ? v ? By the Flaneur. ' There is a tide iu the affairs of man which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune.' And judging from the reliable accounts which are now pouring in from all parts of the colony the tide of adversity which has overwhelmed us of late has turned at last, and the good time so anxiously looked for is close at hand. One swallow may not; make a summer, but one good season makes a prosperous people here, and the unanimous voice of the country proclaims tnat a better season than £TiA nrflnont. rvm'M nrvf, ho TOiraVm^ Pnw Wnnl.noioin'c! crop-owners, vintagers, all are enraptured with their prospects; the Downs are waving Beas of shimmering grass, and on even the usually parched plains of. Bourke water is as plentiful as —well, as whisky used to be ia the dry seasons A peace well suited to Ihe Christmas time reigns around, and there is every reason to believe that plenty will speedily follow ia its train. Statistician Coghlan has been having some more 'fun with the figures' lately, and M3 researches prove that in spite of the plundering which the people have undergone, they have quite a number of shots still left in their lockers, and all fear of a general procession ' up King-street' being started is now at an end. Mr. Coghlan finds that the de posits held by our banks are the property of a very large number of holders. This inaans fchat al though millionaires are delightfully scarce in our midst, still the bulk of the paopie are fairly well off, and although every man may not have a pullet in his pot, still be holds the pot, and has great expectations about the poultry-raising also. The banks now hold on fixed deposit something like .£26,000,000, and this tidy sum belongs to about 89,000 persons, an average of nearly J2G63 each. Five millions odd stand to the credit of 106 persons (chiefly newspaper man, I hope), but against this we havo the cheerPul fact that 31.972 parsons hold fixed depo3it3 of less than .£1000 each, the average being .52 1-8 for each depositor. Seven and a half millions are deposited ' at call' by 103,737 persons, an average of about .£73 each. Of these 102,805 depositors hold Ies3 fchan .£1000, the average amount to their credit being .£46. Thege figures incontestably prove that the ac cumulated wealth of the colony is not in the hands of a few persons, as nipst of us once believed, but that it is distributed in as fair a proportion as we could reasonably expect under the existing state of affairs. We are not dealing now with any ' cooked accounts' of the ?' Dear Macnamara, don't; l9t any money go out — hold all you've got' type; but with a plain statement of actual facts which should restore confidence to even the moat faint-hearted person in our middt. Oar population is but a shade over one million all told, and nearly 40,000 of fchose hold substantial banking accounts. Tnis, I think, wiU compare favourably with the financial status of any other country under the 3un, and with such a start and such a season as the present a golden future should be cloae afc hand. ' Oh, that my enemy would write a book !' Especially such a hopelessly wretched book ao Grand Old Martyr Parkes seems to have written. With the material at bia coenmand Sir Henry should have produced a work that wcujd have remained an Auatralian classic a3 lon# as the English language lasted. On the contrary, how ever, he has given us a tedious volume composed of ' warmed-up accounts of old elections,' bursts ?of ridiculous bombast, streaks of miserable spleen, fairy tales that Munchausen might envy, ?und occasional clots of alleged humour which would drive even a decent Quaker to drink, or to a state o£ suicidal madness. Ae, a poet Sir Henry was bad enough, bub when he coaxes out as a prose author the stricken people may well cry aloud, ' Why has this awful affliction been thrust upon us ?' In dubbin* himaelf! a martyr Sir Ilenpy made a very great mistilre indeed. His readers are the suffering martyrs, bub he is the remorse leas executioner who stretches the rack, heata the gridiron, and pours on the boiliag oil. Sir Henry's deplorable want 0? originality wat* manifested even in the selection of a title for his latest work. The present title is a mile too long, but Longman and Co. would not listen to the author's proposal of changing it to the moro egotistical one of 'Wcom Favoi Habo'ir t- Paine Minister.' Taey were quite right too, for Sir Henry's title was a palpable crib from the American work called ' Frpm Log Cabin to 'Vy'tute House.'? Besides, Sir Henry was never actually a ' Prime Minister,' and if he ever laboured on a farm ifc was with hia jaws at meal times. It has been shrewdly said that a man's 'auto- biography' should never be written by himself. The proper way to do fclie bu3ine3B is to die firsb and then get yourself interviewed by a spi-it medium, or appear as one oO the many angels who are knocking round just now and dictate it to a type- writing girl at 4d a page. Sir Henry, however, is something like the man who modestly said ' I am not conceited, bub I'll be hanged if I don't understand everything except botany.' That is one reason why Sir Henry tackled his autobiography— ind one reason why he failed. Poor Abigail after his visit-to the English House of Parliament said: ' I don't think much of Parnell. If I had I113 case and his papers I could have made a far better speech than he did.' In like manner acorea of persons believe that if they had all tha material and personal experi ence Sir Henry had, they could have produced a far better book than he did, bub, unlike Abigail, those persons are probably right in their opinions. The only peraon, beside3 the author, who seems ^lauioum »'««uo uuuii. is on- vjteorge uioos, ana ne explains that this arisos from fcho fact that it is just the kind of book Sir Henry would writ?, and furthermore he is pleased to fiad that ' the malice of Sir Henry's malignity has nob descended to the infamous depth of praising me (Sir George Dibbs). His consure is to be courted, and it is because I know the man and his career so well that I feel honoured by his abu3e.' After that what price the unholy coalition Ministry about which wa have heard so much of late ? A considerable amount of objection is now being raised against the barbarous proposal to dedicate the most central and valuable site in the chief citiy of Australia to the sale of cocks and hens and cabbages. Very truly it has been pointed out that ' marketing of the present day id not the same as it was some fifty years ago. People now enter the city to work, but they buy their food in the neighbourhood where they live.' Possibly aome few persons still live in the city and may require food at times, bub we who live in suburban villas have no reason to consider them. The Mayor has purchased an extension of the old George-street Markets' site, however, and the all-absorbing question is, ' What will he do with it ?' One cicizen points out that this site is the prop9r place for our central city railway, but we haven't got such a railway at present, and there is some danger of the world being knocked into everlasting smash by a drunk-and-cliaorderly comet before we do. Dan O'Connor's countrymen, the Ancient Greeks, would have retained such a splendid site for a public square on whieh the glorious records of their cultured country could be immortalized by fitting symbols of gold and marble ; the memory of their greatest men honoured by statues from the studios of their greatest sculptors ; magnificent fountains would play in the glittering sun,snd stately groves of trees provide refreshing shade ; in short, the spot would be converted into an Arcadian oasis in the midst of the sultry Sahara of sordid trade by which it was enclosed Gn every side. Why cannot we do something of the kind to-day P Certaialy, with the exception of the capture of the Soudan donkey, and the shooting of the Kiama ghosf, we haven't much to symbolize in the way of glorious history, bub we could make a stsrt with those and trust to the off chance of Grand Old Martyr Parkes doing some thing within the next 10 years that would eclipse the historical glory of Alexander Magnu3 or the First Napoleon. By way of honouring our great est mon we could devote tho cenire of the souare to a colossal figure of Peter Jackaon, while the corners and eide3 could be adorned with similar representations of Tom Hales, Stanbury, Griffo Spoffortb, Football ' Jumbo,' the Fasting Man, and the Champion Porridge. eater, Bibby. Had these illustrious heroes been great poefcs, pain ters, musioiaus, sculptor?, or the like, we would have showered honoui'3 and richea op^n them long before thia in tho sinfully lavish manner for which we are eo notorious, but it is not too late to atone for our neglect, and this can be fittingly done by utilizing the Market Square in the man ner now suggested. The Kiama Ghost will always remain ' bound up' with the history of the colony and Martyr Parkes (as Alderman Redman would say), but for a good useful port of a ghost commend me to the spook of Hannah CqwoIJ, who recently visited her old housemaid, Alice Maidment, and showed her the whereabouts of a missing will by which the faithful servant wag rewarded with a legacy of ?£400. Miss Maidment Bays she was not very well on 0 certain Monday, and while lying down, wide awake, uhe o&w; an sn^el like a woman, but took no notice of it at the time eg she had ' often seen angels before.' Familiarity with even angels seemy k- have bred contempt in this case until the gho3t began to talk business a few nights after, and pointed to a secret drawer iu c, writing desk, wherein lay the will which dispooed of $£6,00,0. Previous to this another V7ill had beea discovered hidden ia the lining of a cretoBtae.. I covered arm-chair, but as it bore the signature o£ J one witness only ifc was, of coarse, invalid. A I strict search wgb then made for other wills, I but as the searchers were wide of the mark, the' angel ' like a woman ' appeared and gave the required clue. Mr. Justice Manning waa of opinion that there were some suspicious elements connected with the cesp, and the angelic visita tion wao one of these, but still the evidence for the plaintiff, Bay, had in many instances b?en corroborated, and there was nothing left bat to decide that the will was good and had been pro perly executed. The Cowell ghost is therefore a reliable one, and I hope to obtain an introduction to it with a view of doing business on the Summer Cup. I have no doubt that many persons do see visions like those which seemingly bore the girl Maidaient, and I aua of opinion also fchat many men actually see pink-headed snakes and terrible animals of the flying alligator species while suf fering from a recovery after an exceseive indul genco in very strong tea. In both cases, how ever, the brain must be temporarily deranged, for no sound, healthy person ever makes the ac quaintance of any spirits, except these of a mild and fluidical nature. Those nervous, hysterical I parties who really see visions mu3t not be con° j founded with the superstitious crowd who im- I plicitly believe in things they do not Bee at all. About nine- tenths of us are more or le3B super stitious, and many persons who declare they are not would discover how mistaken they were if proper fcrsfcs were made. This was exemplified in the case of a German student who wagered that he would go at mid. night to the grave of a man whom he bad killed in a duel and thrust a dagger to the hilt in the mound. He was not vindictive, but he merely wished to show his utter contempt for the ghost legends his brother students were so fond of telling and believing too. The night being cold, the daring young fellow wrapped himself in a long cloak, made his way in the painfully sugges tive darknesa to the grave, knelt on the mound, i and thrust in the daggar. Then he started to return, but the moment he attempted to rise something caught him by the choulders and threw I him violently on his back across the grave. When ! found next morning he was a gibbering idiot* ! and yet the explanation of the affair was absurdly \ simple. The student bad inadvertently plunged I the dagger through hi& cloak, thus pinning him- j aalf to the earth, and the moment he felt the I tug at his skirt on rising he concluded that hia old rival had stepped out of hia tomb and had put the ' M'Guinness' grip upon him. Gravea ! are not desirable things for even strong-minded, ! men to fool with. j The burglar's business seems to be increasing nightly ; in fact, my own small Surprise Party would seem to be merely the opening of what ia now developing into a perfect burglary boom. Juat at present the city is infested with a swarm of the Melbourne ' talent,' who are remarkably clever in their line, and some of these gents are accompanied by their sisters, and their cousins, and their aunfcp, all of whom are very well able to take care of themselves, and any stray property they tuay find lying round as well. The outrage committed on the good, kind-hearted old verger q£ St. FranciB* was about the most brutal thing that has disgraced the city for many a day, but I am certain the cowardly culprits will be accounted for before the week in out, and if ever there was a caoa in which the use of the ' cat' was justified it is theirs. Being & sort of an authority on burglary now, I may mention tbat the best plan for securing one'a household property is to fill & decanter half-full of good brandy, then pour in a good atiff dose oi morphia, chloroform, or the like, and leave it, to* gether with a few tastily-prepared sandwiches, &c;, in a careless fashion on the dining-room table. When thia io done and an entry is effected a very hised burglar is found next morn'ng on the floor ' taking his reafc with hio martial cloak around him,' his professional tools by his side, and every thing laid out nice and handy. Then you can get an axe and lay Mr. Sykes out at your leisure, or order your carriage-and-pair and drive him in state to the nearest station. Most burglars are partial to refreshers while on duty, but one dose prepared after the above recipe stiffens a looter worde than even a thief-taker could hops to do with bis baton. Tjtk date of drawing for prizes in the art-union at Hay has bean postponed tq January 2$, |8£j3. By that time the Very Esv. Fr. Tracy hopfs tha1; all to whom he seat tickets will have disposed of them. Something like 600 peop'e attended the tea meeting, concert., and dance in the Oddfellows' Hall, Lichgow, in aid of the local Catholic church. The tables were loaded with viands of the choic est description and all kinds of fruit, for the moBt pnrfc contributed by Me3daoaes Gel!, M'Donald, O'Connor, J. Sharpo, Nicholla, Molioy, M'NBtnara, O'Neill, and other ladies. Tea over, the hall waa cleared, end punctually fco time the concert; was started. 