NEW YORK DESCRIBED BY RUDYARD KIPLING. It is notensy,remarks Alrlludyardlvipling, iu a recent contribution to the London “ News ” to escape from a big city. An entire continent was waiting to be traversed, and, for that reason, we lingered in New York till the city felt so homelike that it seemed wrong to leave it. And further, the more ono.studied it the more grotesquely bad it grew—bad in its paving, bad iu its streets, bad in its streot police, and but for the kindness of the tides would have been worse than bad in its sanitary arrangements. No one as yet has approached the management of New York in a proper spirit; that is to say, re garding it as ttie shiftless outcome of squalid barbarism and reckless extravagance. No one is likely to do so, because reflections on the LONG, narrow 1’IG TROUGH aro construed as malevolent attacks against the spirit and majesty of the great American people, and lead to angry comparisons. Yet, if all the streets of London were permanently up and aU. the lamps permanently down, this would not prevent the New York streets, taken in a lump, from being first consins to a Zanzibar fore shore, or kin to the approaches of a Kaffir kraal. Gullies, holes, ruts, cobble stones awry, kerbstones rising from two to six inches above the level of the slatternly .pavement; tram lines from two to three inches above street levels; building materials soattered half across the Btreet; lime, boards, cut stone, and ash barrels generally and generously everywhere; wheeled traffic taking its chances, dray versus brougham, at ! cross roads ; sway-hacked polos whittled and unpainted ; drunken lamp-posts with twisted I irons; and, lastly, a' ' GENEROUS SCATTER OF FILTH and more mixed stinks than the winter* wind i can carry away, are matters which can be con sidered quite apart from the “ Spirit of Democracy” or “the future of this great and growing country.” In any other land they would be held to represent SLOUGIIINESS, SOBBIDNE3S, AND WANT OF CAI’ACITY. Here it is explained, not once but many time9, that they show the speed at which the oity has grown and the enviable indiffer ence of her citizens to matters of detail.' One of these days, you are told, everything will be taken in hand and pu. straight. The un virtuous rulers of the city will be swept away by a cyclone or a tornado or something big and booming, of popular indignation ; everybody will unanimously elect the right men, who will justly earn the enormous Silanes that are at present being paid to inadequate aliens for road sweeping and all will be well. . At the same time the lawlessness ingrained by gover nors among the governed duringjjthe last 30 •10, or it may be 50 years ; the BRUTAL LEVITT OF PUBLIC CONSCIENCE, in regard to public duty ; the toughening and suppling of public morals, and the reckless disregard for human life, bred by impotent laws and fostered by familiarity with needless accidents and criminal neglect, will miraoulously disappear. If the laws of cause and effect that control even the freest people in the world say otherwise, so much the worse for the laws. America makes her own. Behind her stands the ghost of the most bloody war of the century caused in a peaceful land by long tempo rising with lawlessness, by letting things slide, by ahiftlessness and blind disregard of all save the material need of the hour till tho trouble long conceived and lot alone stood up full armed, and men said, “Here is an un foreseen crisis,” and killed each other in the name ot their God for four years. In a heathen land the three things that are supposed to be the pillars of moderately de cent government are regard for human life, justice, criminal and civil, as far as it lies In man to do justice, and good roads. In this Christian city they think lightly of the first—their own papers, their own speech, and their own actions prove it; buy and sell the second at a price openly and with out shame; and are, apparently, content to do without tho third. One would almost expect the racial sense of humor would stay them from expectieg only praise— SLAB, LAVISH AND SLAVISH from the stranger within their gates. But they do not. If- he holds his peace they forge tributes to* their own excellence which they put into his mouth, thereby treating their own land which they, profess to honor as a quack treats his pills. If he speaks—but you shall see for yourselves what happens then. And they cannot see that by untruth and invective it is themselves, and themselves alone, that they injure. The blame of their city evils is not alto gether with tho gentlemen, chiefly of foreign extraction, who control the city. These find a people made to their hands, a lawless READY TO WINK AT ONE EVASION OF THE if they themselves may profit by another, and in their rare leisure hours content to smile over the details of a clever fraud. Then, says the cultured American, “ Give us time. Give us time and we shall arrive.” The otherwise American, who is aggressive, straightway proceeds to thrust a piece of HALF-UANCED 1IUS1CIFAL BDTCII-WORIC under the nose of tho alien as a sample of per fected effort. There is nothing more delight ful than to Bit for a strictly limited time with a child who tolls you what be means to be' when he is a man; but when that same chili, loud-voiced, insistent, unblushiugly eager for praise, hut thin skinned as the most morbid of hobbledehoys, stands about all your ways, telling you tho same story in the same voice, you begin to yearn for something made and finished— say Egypt and a completely dead mummy. It is neither seemly nor safe to hint that the Government of the largeBtcity in the States is a despotism of the alien by the alien for thq alien, tempered with occasional insurrections of the decent folk. Only the Chinese washes the dirty linen of other lands. "While work was going on in the port of Venice, divers discovered a vessel lying at the bottom of the sea. It is considered to be a Venetian galley, sunk in a naval battle. It is built of the hardest wood, and is 20ft. in the beam. Its length cannot be ascertained, as it is partly covered with a layer of sand some 20ft. deep. It will, if possible, be raised out of tho sea. There is much specula tion as to the age of the relic. It is thought by some to bo not less than -100 years old. 