SCIEKOE OF THE: DAY. [Br a B.Sc.] lue use of artificial cold is becoming every day more extended ; in Australia we have for some time been familiar with practical applica tions of freezing in connection with the ex [juiibiiiuu ui cuiuuu mean, ana now in more numerous appliances on a smaller scale in the preservation of dairy prodnce ; but in Europe greater facilities exist at present for tho ap plication of cold to all sorts of purpo363 because of the ease of obtaining compressed carbonic acid gas in the form, of a liquid iu strong iron dnmi3, it is necessary only ti- let a little of the gas escape to got au intense cold in the stream of it. This is now bcinpf ii3ed in surgery to produce insensibility to pain for minor operations. The idea is an old one in dentistry, where the ether spray was used to cool and deaden the gum round the base of the tooth to be extractt-d, but many people found the disagreeableness of having euch an intense degree of cold so slowly and awkwardly produced in tho month worse than the pain of extraction. But with the: carbonic acid gas escaping through thin flexible metallio tubing an intense surface-chill can be produced in any part of the body very quickly, it is only necessary to coil the tube round the part to bo alfected and turn on the gas ; the cold has not to penetrate far till the part can be deeply cut; without producing any pain. Of course there is the discomfort of the cold, but most people make light of that compared to the pain of a wound. Where it is undesirable to give chloro form the freezing method in painless surgery will be valuable. Another instance of the spreading use of cold produced artificially ia afforded by the adoption at the Paris Morgue of an extensive plant for freezing and preserving for any desired time the large number of bodies that have to bo kept there for identification. It will certainly be of great assistance to . the police and to the administrators of the criminal law generally to be ablo to keep a body found under suspicious circumstances as long as they desire, and men who as Jurors havo ever been called upon to inspect a brother man's body in an advanced stage of decomposition should be glad to hear of the time coming when tho Juror will be spared the worst horrors of such. an exjierience. It. is certain that the Paris Morgue will become a livelier attraction than ever to that peculiar-minded public that haunts it and takes a gruesome satisfaction in gloating over the ugliness of death. What would not the old Egyptian Pharaohs have given to have endowed the Pyramids with a huge freezing plant to keep their bodies undecayed for all timo? We are often told that in many respects our boasted nineteenth century with all its science has not attained to the knowledge of the old Egyptians, but in their speciality of embalming they are clearly distanced by the authorities of tho Paris Morgue. Dr. Tylor, the President of the Anthopolo gical Institute, in his last address returns to the charge about the unsatisfactory nature of our knowledge of savage religions which have been unintentionally and unconsciously endowed with qualities they nevor possessed or which they had borrowed in contact with the white man. Thus the great spirit of the Red Indian novel is merely a reproduction of the idea of God which the Jesuit missionaries tried to impart, and the same sort of thing has been at work in connection with most savage religious, ghosts and demons havo been exalted to gods and degraded to devils. The true nature of many savage religions remains still to be worked out from the languages and pure traditions apart from the private intor pretations of travellers and missionaries. It is well that Dr. Tylor should get this thoroughly impressed on anthropological workers all over the world, so that in their own enqui ries they may bo guarded asrainst similar mis takes ; because in is an oiu impression wicu certain people that there is no nation so debased as to have no idea of a God and of the 3infulness of man ; but scientific research on the superstitions of certain savages has provod this to be quite a mistake. In connection with the diverse means used in Australia for the destruction of rabbits, such as trapping, shooting, and poisoning, and also with the large sale of rabbits for food, the question is often raisod as to whether there is not danger of poisoned rabbits getting amongst those sold to tho public, and so proving a menace to health. Various experiments have been tried recently by feeding large ' quanti ties of tho flesh of poisoned animals io dogs without producing any sign of poisoning in them, and it is well known that savage tribes which use poisoned arrows in hunting their food, suffer none of the effects of the poison themselves. As a matter of fact the quick-acting poisons do not reach the flesh in any appreciable quantity. Thus while people will be wise to preserve a prejudice against using the flesh of an animal known to be poisoned, they may allay all fears as to dis astrous results following the accidental intro duction of a poisoned rabbit into the publio food supply. Progress is being made with the working out of the theory that tho microbes of most infec tious diseases do their mischief through the agency of poisons which they produce, and a considerable number of these poisons havo been isolated from the artiricial cultures. But the most interesting point is to demonstrate the presence of these poisous in tho body of the sick subject. It is known to bo one of the functions of the kidneys to throw such poisons out of the system in the uriuo, and a recent French investigation has succeeded in separat ing out from the urine tho poisons of scarla tina, diphtheria, and tho mumps, and prov ing them to bo identical with the poisons obtained by cultivating the microbes iu broth. The poisous are quite definito chemical compounds, whoso constitution will soon bo worked out, aud in the light of that knowledge it will be possible, no doubt, to discover chemical means of breaking up tho poisons in tho system into harmless products. The poison of the mump3 when tried on small animals proves to be very virulent : but, fortunately, it never seems to bo produced in large quantity at ono time in the human system. A Dutch experimenter ha9 carried out some striking experiments on the antagonistic action of certain poisons to ono another. He used the frog's heart as his tost subject, as this can be cut out and kept alive by itself for a Ions time. The action of this isolated heart when de pressed by muscarine could be revived by digi taline, and muscarine mixed with digitaline produced less depression than muscarine alone. This is typical of the change that experimental methods are working in the science of medicine, when the actual effects of drugs can be seen and measured, instead of tho old chance em pirical method of casting them into tho system to do nobody knew what. By similar means the proper antidotes to the microbic poisons may yet be demonstrated. Professor Pictet, of Geneva, who made him self well known some years ago by his liquefac tion of oxygen has with two or three other physicists spo3ialised ever since in the study of intense cold. He has now erected at Berlin a laboratory for no other purpose than the establishment and maintenance of various low temperatures. The institution will bo of im mense use to the physicists of Berlin, for in many branches of physic-sand also of chemistry great interest attaches to tho behaviour of bodies at low temperatures. For instance one investigator wished to determine the clastic properties of mercury in the solid state. In Professor Pictet's laboratory he had some mer cury frozen and so hardened with cold that he was able to make a tuning-fork out of it; another got chloroform puro at once by a single crystallization by means of intense cold ; cognac by a f-inglo freezing acquired at o'neo tho mellowness given as a rule by years of storing. Pictet has also made a most im portant discovery that the advantage of non conductors of heat becomes far Ie3s marked at very low than at ordinary temperatures. He does not expect to get closer than within 200° of tho absolute zero of temperature at which tho molecules of bodies would be at rest, and the bodies would be devoid of all heat. Although tho work in most of the astrono mical observatories is largely reduced to the routine operations of observing the positions of heavenly bodies and calculating corrections or taking photographs and measuring up on them at leisure, there are plenty of freelances who keep the sun, moon, and planets under con stant surveillance to get evidence of changes going on in them that will give a clue to their conditions, while others watch the nebul:e or interesting stars. The sun, as is only right, absorbs the j»reate3t amount of attention, anc the application of tho spectroscope to limited areas is gradually giving an accumulation of information as to the velocities reigning in the great whirlpools of glowing vapour, and in the gigantic eruptions. A Hungarian observer puts on record the velocity of a protuberance which he had under observation as about 700 miles per second. Until this is corroborated by other observations it must be considered uncertain, but the fact is worth noting that such an enormous velocity has been put on record. An ingenious method was invented some time ago for excavating in very sloppy soil. It consisted in sinking a number of iron pipes at intervals round the place to be excavated, and then circulating a very cold liquid through them till they converted the water round thorn into solid columns of ice, thus making a con tinuous wall right round. The sloppy stuff in LUC U3UIIO 19 CO.O11JP OLUUJAIU Ul [IIIIU^JCU UUl, and a permanent brick wall built up against the temporary ice arrangement, and the job is ione. A clever variation on the process has been brought out. Iron pipes pierced with holes at the bottom are sunk in tho moist soil, md by means of tir pressure cement powder is blown out in sufficient quantity to solidify the soil round the pipe into a strong column. The cement wall needs only to bi 5treni;tUsn,3d theu with ft lining of briok, 