WOOING AN AMAZON. Bv Fbkdkrick Boyle, Author of "Treasure of Thorburns," " A Good Hater," " On the Border Land," 4c., &c.; CHAPTER II. As the slow minutes vent by in silence, -Jenny collected Herself, dried her tears, and at length stepped forward resolutely. " I see ul my wicked folly, sir," she began, in a voice almost aa firm and strong as was natural to her. " In the first place, I beg your pardon humbly, and I acknowledge the justice of my punishment whatever it may be. In the next, if you are aware of any case among the households I have injured, in which it is possible to alleviate the distress, I beg you to let me know. I will devote myself to the duty of reparation, if money or pains can do anything." '"That is a more worthy tone, Alias Bracebridge," the Professor answered, gravely, without looking up from the papers he was Arranging. More minutes passed. "Is there acy need for me to remain, sir?" Jenny asked. " If I have committed a legal offence, you can summon me. Here is my father's address." She wrote it on a card. " Itwould be more comfortableforbothof us, I think, to ascertain the whole extent of the mischief at once. Pray sit down." Jenny resumed her seat, but started up iu a moment. " If the polioe are coming for me, sir, let me make myself presentable. You have a house- ' I beg your pardon." opened a door behind him. "In this room you will find the appointments of a bachelor toilet, and Oh, Mrs. Willis, will you attend to this young lady? This is my housekeeper, Miss Bracebridge." Jenny withdrew with Mrs. Willis, and the Professor returned- to the papers. His brow had been clearing -gradually, when he reached the last sheets be laughed. No great harm had been done after all! Those destroyed were his own writing moBtly. They could be replaced within the time. "And I've been abusing that delightful woman like a pickpocket!" he said to himself. "I must relieve her anxiety at once." "Mr. Hughes, sir," said the servant, entering. " Show him in. After all, good news is the more welcome if kept back awhile." Mr. Hughes entered—a tall old man, with the massive features and lips pulled down at the angles, which so often mark a dull brain and a stubborn will. This was the senior partner of the firm Hughes & Tracy, Solicitors to the University. Professor Macfarlane scarcely knew him except by sight. He had transacted business hitherto with Mr. Tracey. "I hope my summons caused you no inconvenience, Mr. Hughes! Because, as it turns ont, the question I have to ask is rather one of abstract law than of immediate interest." "Really! H'm! Well, Professor Macfarlane, since I am here, pray put your question." It was not an enoouraging tone, but Macfarlane saw no escape, lie prooeeded:— "Did you ever hear of examination papers being destroyed before.the face of the Senior Examiner?" " No, Bir, and I don't believe it!" " There are the ashes for a testimony !" He pointed to the fireplace. Mr. Hughes fixed his glasses, got np, and inspected them. "I observe some charred papers,"said he. "Allowme to say that ashes are something \- like the reverse of evidenca" "Why, no, Mr. Hughes," Macfarlane laughed. "They show that the papers have been destroyed, and when I tell you that those papers were questions prepared for the approaching examination you will not refuse to believe me?" *' Permit me, sir. My father and I have enjoyed an experience of seventy years in this University, end each an outrage has never been reported. I confess I find it difficult to believe that the undergraduates of this generation " Macfarlane lost patience. "I must ask you to do so, Mr. Hughes, without more debate; but observe that I said ntthini? of undergraduates. Now, what is that offence in the eye of the law?" The lawyer rose irritably. " How should I know, sir—how should I know? Hughes & Tracy are not Old Bailey practitioners. It's theft, I suppose— fay how, it's a criminal offence of the deepest dye. Where is the culprit? Yov. have not let him go!" Maofarlane also rose. "There is no occasion for warmth," he said, half-angrv, though amused. "I was curious \- to know the law in such a case. But as for this particular instance I find that the damage can be easily made good, and I propose to take no further steps." Mr. Hughes positively roared. " What? An outrage without preoedent in the reoordB of this immemorial seat of learning has been perpetrated on a Senior Examiner—and he proposes to take no further steps? Let me tell you, Professor Macfarlane, that this is not a question to be ruled by your sentimental fancies. The University has been insulted, sir. That ancient and honourable institution has been subjected to—to contumely. Take no steps! In an earlier— perhaps a happier stage of history, her own officen would nave exacted vengeance—and startling vengeance it would have been, I doubt not." "We will follow the same course now, sir, if you please," Macfarlane interrupted. " I am an officer of the University, and will wreak vengeance at my discretion. Enough, Mr. Hughes. I am obliged to .you for answering myeummons." He laid his hand upon the bell. " One moment, Professor Macfarlane. You have put the case before toe as legal adviser to this University. It has passed out of your bands—out of mine, in arsense. A crime has been-oomaiitted. Neither you nor I nor any manSnay condone it. I demand, sir, the name of tbifccnminaL t . He tuoduoed his notebook. Here was a complication. Absurd it might be. but real enough and grave enough to cause Miss Braoebridge deep annoyanoe. There was such anger obstinacy in the eld lawyer's faoe as showed him capable of going any length. It was high time to reveal the truth—in the most conciliatory manner possible too. " I grasp your point of view, Mr. Hughes. It bad not occurred to me before; but we Professors are shockingly dull in matters of business. The fact is that this criminal is a lady— a young lady of position—who gave way to an impulse of friendship most honourable in itself." " Poor thing! If it is indeed so, I am very sorry for her. A young-lady of position? Poor thing V Evidently Mr. Hughes had a soft place in his heart for young ladies of position. The Professor was enoouraged. ' "Yes," he said. "She feels a warm interest in Miss Patten, who comes before us to be examined in a few days." " Lanra Patten? What on earth has she to do with it?" " Yon know MiBS Patten ?" The tone was so eager that Mr. Hughes looked at him suspiciously. "Very well. Patten and I were schoolfellows, and we have been close friends ever since, though I have not seen him lately. Ah, there is a scholar, Professor Macfarlane —such as used to be called a soholar! Well?" "My dear and respected friend! How ftlad I am that you answered my summons instead of that excellent but comparatively frivolous contemporary of mine, your partner !" In his enthusiasm he took Mr. Hughes's band, warmly shaking it. "Ah," said the latter, shrewdly. "Yes, I am an old bird, sir, an old birdLet me remind you that old birds are not caught with chaff! We will return to the criminal young lady if you please." " In a moment. It appears that Miss Patten is far too ill to attend the_ examination with safety, but Bhe will not disappoint her father." " Poor dear child. She must be a fool'." "Now, it would be such a kindly act as we look for from Mr. Hughes to run down, see this young lady, and remonstrate with Sir William." "IU do it with pleasure. I'll go toChesbam to-morrow—no, the day after. Poor dear child 1 When Patten entered her for his * Higher Training' I told him she would fall into idiotcy or die. The sweet child seems to be going both ways. Ob, I'll pulverize him ! Weill" The stubbornly emphatic monosyllable said as clearly as a long explanation " Enough of this episode '.—let us get to the facts !" Macfarlane perceived that all the work was still to do. " Well, then, Miss Jenny Bracebridge, daughter of General Bracebridge, being deeply attached to Miss Patten, cabled on me this afternoon in the hope that I might refuse to examine her young friend. Finding that means of escape impracticable, carried away by her feelings—what are you writing ?" "Miss Jenny Bracebridge, daughter of General Bracebridge." Mr. Hughes jotted down the names. " Ah, I have met Generai Bracebridge at Chesham. Very disagreeable f< r him—for all parties, indeed; but as a F'ldier he will understand that every man i nst do his duty." ' I cannot believe you serious, Mr. Hughes." Such abominable disrespect towards the < jiivnsity cannot be overlooked. I am sorry, but it cannot possibly be overlooked. Some ji utile have Baid lately that I grow old and . •• gltgenfc, They will see!" "If that is your frame of mind," Macfarlane began, indignantly. He checked him- "I had better say no more. You will remonstrate with Sir William Patten, at least?" "Certainly I wilL That is a promise. In rtgard to the graver matter" " Don't ask assistance from me," Macfarlane interrupted, forcing himself to sneak pleasantly. "I give you warning that I aai retained for the defence." •• Oh, very well—very well, sir. The law has means of dealing with an unwilling witness. I wish you good morning, Professor Macfarlane!" He went out. "Idon't suppose,"said Macfarlane to himself, thoughtfully, "that there are ten such . selfish, obstinate, pragmatical old idiots as that j in the realm of England. And I'm sure there < ie not one woman so brave and so charming as Miss Bracebridge. The odds against meeting either of these exceptional characters are actually inconceivable. And I come across both of them in my own study one afternoon. It approaches the miraculous !" He knocked at the inner door; Mrs. Willis opened it. '' The young lady has gone," she said, with an expression that made Macfarlane ask— "Could you hear what was said in this room V" " The young lady could, I think, sir. She desired me to say that she was much obliged to you, and she would be found at her father's house." Macfarlane returned to his desk. He had enough for the next two days in recalling the questions destroyed, but the composition of a Bingle letter occupied him the whole of that afternoon. The first draft was short and easy; but when he read it over a second paragraph seemed desirable. Extraneous matter thus introduced, it could not be dealt with, he found, so briefly. And so the epistle grew, the writer's thoughts developing as he set them down, until he grasped at length the idea floating dimly in his mind at the commencement. A long pause followed, for this idea was very grave, and Professor Macfarlane did not act without weighing all the consequences. Finally he collected the scattered sheets, and put them one by one upon the fire; then, knowing his own purpose, expressed it beyond mistake in half a dczen sentences. It was time to dress for HaU. He pasted it on his way. • When Jenny reached home her father had gone out to dinner, which was a relief. To Sweyn she did not confide the danger impending ; it was enough to tell what she had done, and to assure him that the examination must be postponed. He was rather shocked of course, but the fun of the thing and its successful issue distracted his attention. She would inform the General after breakfast next day. Her heart sank at that prospect as it had never done before in all her life. Thus it happened that General Bracebridge was quite unprepared to catch the meaning of a letter which he opened at the breaksait table. "Eh?" he cried, after reading a few line 3 . " What on earth is this, Jenny?'' " 'I am delighted to assure Miss Bracebridge through you that the papers destroyed were not important. I think Miss Bracebridge will not be alarmed even if she overheard the foolish remarks of Mr. Hughes, who is helpless without my testimony.' "Bless my heart!" He turned to the signature. "Eugene Macfarlane, Brazenose College." " Do you know Eugene Macfarlane, of Brarenose College, Jenny, or is the feliow cracked?" Not waiting for a reply, he went on:— "' Upon the other hand there is strong reason to hope that Miss Bracebridge has gained the purpose she had at heart. Mr. Hughes promises to remonstrate with Sir William Patten, his friend from sc&ool; days.' Then Laura is in it, too! This is the most astounding oommunicatiou! Well, let us hear him out. 'Having thus, I trust, relieved your daughter's anxiety, I venture to say something about myself with an object you will shortly understand. ' Yes. —Good man! That's just what I want. ' My position is sufficiently _established to beesidence of character. My private means justify mt ' Jenny, where are you poing? I must have an explanation of all this at once." "Yes, Papa," Jenny murmured, blushing, embarrassed, vexed, but not dumb with surprise, nor conscious of indignation. " But take it from me, please. Professor Macfarlane is wandering into private details." The General, an impetuous man, had been so utterly bewildered that he did notice the bearing of those last sentences as he read them. Boused to comprehension now, he laughed, shortly. "Well, sit down. I will keep these wandering details to myself." j^eyerthelees, his voice was distinctly audible as he went on:— "H'm, h'm—'in marrying. I had never seen Miss Bracebridge before to day, but the circumstances gave me an unusual opportunity of studying her disposition. I am even ignorant whether she be free; but if no earlier attachment'" " Papa! This is monstrous 1 Put that letter in the fire, or I will not tell you a thing!" The General looked at Swevn—both looked at Jenny—and burst; into a fit of laughter. Jenny, red as fire, hurried from the room, but there was a twitching about her hps as she fled which did not suggest relentless fury. "I almost suspect" said the General, with a smile, and paused. "So do I,"Sweyn echoed. " Have you any notion what it is all about ?" Sweyn told what he knew, and General Bracebridge ceased to smile. Like so many old soldiers, he held the law in a terror almost superstitious. Moreover, Jenny's conduct in itself was inexpressibly shocking to his ideas. " Go and fetch your sister," he said. " It's no time for nonsense." So Jenny felt, and she came at once. Her father listened in gloomy silence, and when the tale was done he said briefly:— "I ekall go to Oxford this morning. If Professor Macfarlane is suitable in other respects you will many him, Jenny. It's the only reparation a woman can make when she has insulted and annoyed a gentleman." " Do yon really think I ought, papa?" said Jenny, softly. " lam certain." "Then will you please tell Mr. Macfarlane so!" " Don't do anything of the kind, sir," Sweyn interposed. " It s one of Jenny's trioks. When she uses that demure tone I am always on my guard." "Don't heed this wicked, distrustful boy, papa. Follow the impulse of your own honest heart, and be sure it will lead you to the greatest happiness of the greatest number." Laughing gleefully she ran away, and the General, bewildered, set out for Oxford. Macfarlane gave him an hour he could ill spare, for the printers were clamorous. After receiving, under protest, a long apology, he explained how matters stood. In the first pl&oe;, the examination would b9 held as usual, but Mr. Hughes, good natured at heart, kept to his resolve of saving Laura Patten if he saw need. Next, he was equally determined to prosecute Miss Bracebridge. The fact was that he desired to assert himself. For some years the authorities of the University had been convinced that their senior solicitor was past his work, and had hinted the same with growing frankness. "I, unhappily," said Macfarlane, "have given him a chance to prove his undiminished energy. Miss Braoebndge does not blame me much, I hope? After all we have a right to assume generally that a solicitor of the highest standing iB not cracked ! Thank you, General! I felt sure she would not. Well, Mr. Hughes' partner, who is my friend, has exerted himself. He, of course, loathes the whole business, so they have quarrelled, which is annoying. However, I learn that the fatuous old gentleman thinks he has got corroborative evidence, and means to apply for a warrant." "Good Heavens! A warrant against my daughter?" "There's no occasion for alarm, but much for laughter, if the farce is carried to that point. However, it will be disagreeable for Miss Bracebridge, and I propose, since Mr. Hughes will not see me nor listen to Traoey, to oatch him at Chesham the day after tomorrow, and learn what this evidence is on which he relies. Sir William will certainly support me." " We are greatly obliged to you, sir. Pray come to my house." "I should only be too delighted. General. Hut you did not fail to notice the observations with which my letter concluded?" "Upon that question I may say that my daughter is free. In fact she has never shown —I'll be bound she has never felt—an inclination towards matrimony." "H'm. Gratifying in a sense, but not comforting exactly. Will you allow me to explain my circumstances and prospects ?" Why, aB for that to speak frankly it is needless. My daughter will accept you, or she will not. Circumstances won't influence her.". But Macfarlane thought it due to himself to justify his pretensions, and the General was more than satisfied with the exposition. He reached home in a cheerful mood. Sweyn reported that his sister had been invisible all day—more extraordinary still, had sat in her room She descended for dinner on the General's return, and he noted without surprise that her cheeks had not quite theiruBual colour, nor her ey es their accustomed brightness. No wonder, when she was used to spend hours on horseback every day, wet or fine. Jenny heard the account af her father's interview in silence until he came, rather nervously, to the matter of thote "observations." Then she said, quietly :— " I am very grateful to Professor Macfarlane, and very, very sorry for my bad conduct. But papa, if he is taking all this trouble in the hope—I don't mean that, exactly, because I'm sure that it's his kind heart .alone which moves him " " That i is, IU be bound !" cried the General heartily. 'He'd do as much if you were a Hottentot ?" " I believe it. But in fact he has a—a purpose which you seem to have encouraged, x>apa. Pray undeceive him." " Oh, give the good fellow a chance, Jenny," her brother exclaimed, "and yourself too. You like him, for you told mo so, —" and so forth, the General supporting his appeal warmly. But it was useless. Jenny had made up her mind, no doubt, in that long seclusion. Unless the Professor were warned that he must not cherish any hope, she would not appear during his stay. They argued until all parties lost temper, and Jenny said, rising in stately fashion:— " Papa, if I'm not allowed to be mistress of my own self and my own future ia your house, I must return to the colony, where I am mistress of everything." The General started up and took her in his arms. " Good heavens," he cried, " where have we drifted tc ? If yoursiftc-r is determined not to marry, Sweyn, the sensible girl she is, we may be sure she has a good reason. I'll put that straight, Jenny. Yon may meet Macfarlane, if he comes, without tear." Jenny hesitated a little, and coloured, as if wishing to add some observation not eisily expressed in v.-ords. Not finding the terms sought che kissed them in silence and withdrew. The General lent back in his chair, laughing quietly. "That disconcerted her ladyship, eh? If our {sensible Jenny is resolved to die an old maid she must have a good reason for it. Ha, ha! Wasn't her face a study? If I know womankind, the dear girl will not be happy now till she has proved she had no reason, good or bad! Of course I shan't write that letter. I never said I would." So two days passed. Macfarlane completed bis work in time, and with mind at ease on that score at least he reached the General's house early; but Mies Bracebridge had already gone to Chesham, summoned by a pressing note. "We have been awaiting you," said the General. " Let me present my eldest son, who I may say feels even more gratitude to you than any of us if that be possible. Laura is rescued from the Higher Training, but the relief proves too much for her strength ; she fainted on hearing it, and Jenny writes that she cannot leave her. When you have had some luiich, Professor, we will drive across. If it may be done without inhospitality I would beg you to make haste, for Mr. Hughes will leave, it appears, by the 3.30 train." " Then let us go at once. I am keenly interested in this business. It passes iny imagination and Tracey's experience to conceive what tort of corroborative evidence that fatuous old gentleman is hugging to his souL" In the avenue, near that well remembered spot, where Sweyn caught a glimpse of the "old lady," they met the two girls—Laura walking feebly with the support of Jenny's arm. But her eyes were brighter already, and her face had a flush of hope which deepened as they drewnear—all three gentlemen waving their hats and cheering, though they uttered not a sound. Laura laughed—a faint little ghost of glee. "Oh, Professor Macfarlane," she murmured, " Fancy you taking part in a pantomime !" "Finding myself upon the stage after a transformation scene, Miss Patten, I enter into the spirit of the thing as well as I can. We are going to congratulate you presently. Have you seen Mr. Hughes ?" he added, to Jenny. " No." "Then pray retain to the house as quickly as may be. The appearance of the culprit cannot fail to disarm him." Macfarlane and the General h irried on, leaving Sweyn. They found Sir William and his friend in the library—the former looking very old and harassed. While General Bracebridge explained the matter to him, Macfarlane made another appeal to Mr. Hushes. Quite vain. The announcement that .Jenny was at hand had no tffeet on his stubborn self- complacsnoy beyond a slight, superficial disturbance. "I warn yon/ 1 l:c s.iid, "that it will be fruitless. Tl.e pleading of the young lady— p etty dear !—will touch lay heart, I know, bi t my hc-a<i, pir. is adamant!" "Very true," Macfarlane muttered; "a block!—with a crack in it ?" " I have a duty to perform—a sad duty—an awful duty—and I will say good-bye now, Patten," he added, hastily. "I don't understand," said Sir William, in a querulous tone. " It's a most annoying affair! Talk of duty. Why, you are commissioned to uphold the dignity of the University—to make it ridiculous is the reverse of your duty." "My dear friend, with a most imperfect knowledge of the case, you usurjj the functions I of a Judge—and allow me to sfty it's Cn6 of the most grotesque usurpations on record. How stand the facts? 1 am summoned, in my official capacity, to hear the report of a crime— call it a misdemeanor if you will. The case is admitted patent. Then the prosecutor thinks fit to withdraw. Are the rights and honour of the University to be submitted to his whims ? No, sir. It is an unprecedented offence, and it cannot be passed over." "Nonsense!" exclaimed Sir William, passionately. "Don't condescend to plead with him, _ Bracebridge! If Professor Macfarlane declines to prosecute, the case will be dismissed! Your confounded vanity blinds you, Hughes." "Vanity, eh ? You're an old friend, Patten! We shall see ? If you had been in command at Trafalgar, you would have signalled, I suppose, England expects that every man this day shall display his vanity !" The old man, angry now, uttered these words in a sort of chant. At the same moment Jenny entered with Laura and Sweyn. They Icoked astonished. Another eoene in the pantomime!" said Macfarlane bitterly. "This is Misa Bracebridge, Mr. Hughes. Does she look the sort of person who commits crimes?" " No, indeed ! And if this young lady will just lay her hand upon her heart, and say, like a Peer of the realm, 'Not guilty, on my honour!'—solvunter tabul;e ! The case is dismissed." "Produce the handcuffs, sir." said Jenny, advancing with palms outstretched. "I plead guilty!" He looked round in smiling triumph. The thing was absurd—monstrous—but if this terrible monomaniac could not bo brought to reason somehow, though his application would certainly be refused with emphasis, when Macfarlane declined to support it, every newspaper in England would comment on the charge, and Jenny's name would be a by-word. Her father, distrusting himself, turned his back passionately and drew aside. Jenny took Sweyn's arm, and held him tight. "Handcuffs, my dear young lady" — the terrible old mau began. Macfarlane interrupted roughly. "Now, Mr. Hughes, you are ajvare that no help is to be expected from me. Will you satisfy our curiosity by telling us how j ou intend to proceed under these circumstances ?" "Oh, pardon me. I reckon on that little surprise as an effective incident." "Good Heavens, man,"cried the General, stepping forward. "Do you regard this most distressing incident as a comedy, in which effects are to be Btudied ? I feel an overpowering inclination to teach you better to transforming it into a tragedy upon the spot." Mr. Hughes shrank back in great alarm. Sir William said, whilst stepping between them:— " I warn you that all honest men will sympathise with General Braoebridge's inclination when they hear this tale." "Oh, I quite see that now," Mr. Hughes stammered, badly frightened. "I beg every one's pardon ! The fact is, I shall produce the remains of the burnt papers." "From that gesture," said Macfarlane, "I am tempted to believe that you have them in your breast pocket. Don't be afraid. None of us will commit a misdemeanour on this occasion." _Mr. Hughes was quite chap-fallen now. Silently, with trembling hands, he produced a small packet. It contained a number of charred I recognise my handwriting, sir — and my property. How did it fall into your hands?" " Eh ? Oh ! In the course of my investigations, sir—in the course of my investigations." " You told me you were not an Old Bailey practitioner. I dare say this is your very first incursion into the Criminal Law?" " Yes." "It is not a happy one. I shall immediately ascertain which of my servants you bribed to steal my goods, and I shall prosecute you for inciting him to the theft! Now, Mr. Hushes, you wished to be the hero of a sensational trial—you shall not be disappointed ! Here is your evidence." "Keep it—keep it! Er—er." He looked round with vacant eye and drooping lip. I shall be late for my train, Patten ! God bless you ? Prosecute did you say, sir ?" No one laughed as he went out. The General and Macfarlane exchanged glances, and hurried after. Scarcely conscious what he did Mr. Hughes clambered into the General's phaeton, and, forgetting his luggage, sat there. The coachman looked to bis master, who whisperei— "Take this gentleman to the station, and tell the stationmaster to look after him." A Faik, Beautiful Skis.—Sulpholine Soap give? the natural tint and peach-like Bloom of a perfect complexion, makes the Skin smooth, upp'e. healthy, comfortable. 6d. Tablets, everywhere z93thso 