PURSUED BY THE DEAD! A Cheibtmas Eve Adventure. " Let me tell yon an adventure I had one Christmas Eve. It waa in the early days, and it happened on what was at that time lonely road between McFarlane's Hotel and Black Creek. " I was going to see a customer who lived about ten miles from the railroad, 1 " he said, "and as I reached the station about 9 o'clock in the evening and it was a half moonlight night, I concluded ~ drive over at once and get back in time for the train at 10 o'clock next morning. The road was fairly good, though it was a lonesome one, and I felt pretty sure 1 could drive it in three hours, carrying a heavy tmnk. I got away by 10 o'clock with pair of horses, doing my own driving, and for the first five miles nothing occurred. In fact, everything was going so smoothly that 1 began to doze. After a while I was suddenly awakened by the noise of wheels just behind me, and looking bade I was almost frightened by a horse's nose nearly over my shoulder. He was hitched to buggy in which sat a man and a woman. ' Look out, there,' I yelled, and whipped up my own team. , — Their borse 1<A1 Wk, but lJiey i tmrim reply and I drove on and nodded again, only to be awakened as before. " Then I became angry and said a nam her of things to which 1 received no answer. Indeed, neither man nor woman so much as looked up at me, but kept their faces down, and did not even pull up their lines. The horse fell back, though, and followed twenty feet or more behind me. The moon was beclouded at this time and I could not see very distinctly, but I did not nod any more, for I was not exactly satisfied with my company. I called to them several times, but they remained silent. They kept right along behind me, though, for three miles, and at one or two places 1 took little side roads 1 knew of, which led back again to the main road, and the others did the same. Once or twice on long stretches I touched up my horses, but the horse behind me followed at the same speed. The longer this tbing kept up the more nervous 1 became, aud once or twice thought I must be having a nightmare. The last mile of the road was good, and I concluded rather than to have a row with these midnight intruders I would run away from them, and as I turned into the home stretch I let my team go at its best, and went along at a four-minute gait, bat right behind me came the other horse, trotting smoothly and whinnying every now anc. then. Somehow I felt tbe oold chills down my back, and a panic seized me. I didn't know why. I laid the whip on and my team broke into a dead run, evidently feeling my own fright and showing the signs of fear they say animals show in tbe presence of ghosts. ** Bui running was of little avail. The other hone waa much better than mine and be came after me with his nose nearly in my boggy, and the two people never making a move to poll him up. With a yell at last I dashed up to tbe store of my customer, who hadn't gone to bed yet, and he came out with three or four men on tbe rush, and I almost fell out of the vehicle as he asked what was the matter. " * There,' I screamed," there, there,' and painted back to where I had seen my ghostly visitants, but they had disappeared. •He's got tbe jim-jams,* loudly sug- gested one of the men, and I thought possibly I had, bat I rubbed my eyes and looked around, and fifty yards down the road I saw the thing that had followed me. It had evidently passed me when I p into the store so suddenly, and I bud tbe men to go after it. They did so, and in a mjgjite they came back withyellstbat beat " * Jim-jams, ia it ?' I asked scornfully. " * No; dead people/ replied one with his teeth chattering. "It was so, too, I found out when we had got a drink, and braced op enough to go after it again. They had been strangled lor pure malice evidently, and had been -tied in their buggy and sent adrift. The horse being a strange one in that locality, had been simply following my team by instinct, and was probably as badly frightened as I was and didn't know half as well where to go. " Nothing was ever definitely known as to the identity of tbe pair in tbe baggy, but some yean after, a criminal, dying in tbe gaol hospital here, gave a rambling account of an occurrence where a couple had been murdered for gain, and sent adrift in their vehicle to avoid any (due to tbe location of tbe crime. Bnt the matter waa never fully settled." 1 dropped into a hatter's last week to have my hat ironed," says a writer in a contemporary, " A gentleman having perchasod a silk hat, one of the shopmen bad taken it to the inner room to have it s' to his head. Whfle he stood awaiting bis ' tale,* ^ another tered, and, mistaking him forooe of tine assistants. «aid, aa he handed bint bis hat, which was an old one, ' Want to have it ironed.' The gentleman accepted the situation n^falrTfff to tbe baok-shop, called oot^ 'lost Iron " sasel' I'roeently bis new hat waa oattohim, a^wfcflejhewas adr<m need nottoy it on. tiire itto Me.' 'My the qtuet retort, -i W t for a batter's aaaosfe- 