THJ? NOVELIST, I LOVE'S WARFARE; I CHAPTER XXVII. 1 1 am answored,' he said proudly. ' I submit to my fate. I do not complain ; a day may coino when you see more clearly.' His face flushed aud his eyes flashed. ' I will tell you what your words incite me to, JJUUy Alls. i. UU OUIl VI U blUUCBIilllllj IV whom you could not entrust your name, hall make one for himself, one that all England shall honour — all save you.' 'To his amoxement she put her arms round his neck, and her face wet with tears was hidden on his breast. I Oh, Allan, Allan, she eried, ' we must not quarrel, you and I. It is as though we were both dying. We must not quarrel, dear this is our last meeting. When it is over, I shall bo as one dead ; the ghost of myself will drag on a miserable existence for some time longer, but this bright happy Iris Fayne who loved you will be no more.' ' Then, my darling, if it distresses you so greatly,' he said, ' why do it 1' ' I must,' she replied. 'There is no help for it, Allan, I love you well, but I cannot be untrue to my wholo life. Oh, Allan, do not tempt me — you must see that my whole heart is tortured. I should never be happy, even if I could bring my mind to marry you ; I should repent it directly. I know myself, Allan, and I can judge.' ' Yes, my darling, I believe you. It shall be as you will.' He loved her so well that he could not bear to see her in distress, even though that distress was brought about by her dismissal of him, and he could not help soothing and caressing her. I I must do it,' she went on ; ' but my heart tempts me sorely, and you must help mo to be strong.' ' I will not seek to Dersusde vou. Iris. It shall be as you will.' She clung to him in a passion of grief that he never forgot ' No matter what happens,' she said, ' wo must not meet again. I could not hear to meet you, to look into your face, to listen to your voice, and know that we could be nothing to each other. We must not meet again, Allan.' 1 You say that very lightly, Iris I' ho cried bitterly. ' Heaven knows that I do not,' sho said. ' The words ore a death knell to me. Oh, Allan, listen, my love — listen.' Do not think my pain is less than yours. It is as great as any human heart can bear and yet live. I lore you truly ; I have never loved any one but you, and I never shall. I shall bo the last of the Fnyncs of Chsndos. When you think of me, do no think of mo as a woman eqjoymg her lue and tlio flattery of lovers and the happiness of love; there will he none of these things for me. Think of mo always ss true to you, ss loving you, as living alone for your sake.' ' But, my darling, of what use is all this if you will not bo my wife.' ' It iB of no use ; yot I cannot help it,' she. replied. I must lovo you always and be true to you always. I could not be any thing else.' ' How great your pride must be, Iris, if to be greater than your love,' ho said. 'Yes, it iB great; it is not only pride, but it is the habit of my life, and 1 cannot chango it now, Allan. I should be most miserable if I married you ; and, when you say that I may not happy, you would be the same. I shall go to my grave unmarried, Allan, since I cannot marry you. Now, my dear lost love we must nnrt ' He clasped her to his breast and kissed her passionately, while llis tears fell like rain upon her face. She had never seemed to him so beautiful or so tender as in this hour when lie had to leavo her. She raised her face to his, all wet with tears. ' It is like dying,' she said ' If you were lying in your coffin Allnn, I should kiss you and say, 'Farewell, beautiful eyes, that have always looked kindly on me ; farewell, sweet lips, that have stolon my heart from me, by kisses and tender words ; farewell, gentle bands, that will nover more touch mine.' I ahould kiss, as I kiss, now, ths forehead, tho lips, and tho hands, and I should cover the face of my dead Ah, Hcavon, my heart will break. Dot mo die.' She dropped upon the mossy grass, crying as. if her heart would break. He bent over hor. ' Iris,' he said gently, ' it is madness for yon to send me from you when you love me so well ; you kill will yoursolf and me too.' ' Even that,' he cried, ' would be better than to lower the dignity of the Faynes. Oh, Allan, Allan, go now leave me.' .'Let me give you one kiss, Iris,' ho entreated — 'one that pledges my truth to you, although you send me away and wo may never meet again— one that pledges my love to yon and no other for ever more.' He raised her from tho gross, and kissed her hps, not once, but many times, with all the pasBion of his lovo and tbe force of his despair. ' It must he,' she said despairingly. 1 Oh, Allan, kiss mo, once more. Let it ha the pledge this time of love that will never die, and a farewell. Do not speak to me after that ; but lot me always remember tho \- pledge. Go whilo I have the strength to bear it.' . He knew that further entreaties would ho sin ; he saw that even if she killed herself in doing it she would leqve him. He kissed her once more ; and then he left her. . He' knew not whither he bad wan dered or what he did. The sky seemed to have. darkened and a gloom to have over spread everything; there was nothing left for ' him in life, no hope, no love. Ho wandered through tho woods; and, when the darkness of night foil oven tho earth, he was still alone in his desolation. CHAPTER XXIX Tub Earl of Culedon was sitting in the library at Ohandos, thinking of his daughtor and feeling anxious about her — for she had again declined to attend the dinner table, saying that she was still ill — when the door opened and she came in. He looked at her in wonder and alarm, |<pr the youth and loveliness seemed to have faded from her face, Her eyes were heavy with weariness and pain ; and her lips were white ; the whole expression of her features were changed.- It was a pale weary woman whose eyes mot his, and it was a voice from which all music and sweetness had gono whioh said to him — 'Papa, I have something to tell you. Lot me tell you quickly, while I have strength.' He rose in the deepest distress. ' My darling Iris, how ill you look. Whnt shall I do if you do not get bettor J I shall sund to London for Sir James Forster, You aro like a drooping flower.' 1 Papa, you need not send for any dootors ; it is my mind and not my body that suflbrs, I have something to tell you. Let me be near you.' . . 8hn IrnnH. rlnwn Lv Lib airln an<1 Mist.01) linr head against his breast. 1 Papa, I am not going to marry Allan — wu have parted. I have sent him away and shall never see him again.' There was a genuine concern in tho Earl's fnco and wonder in his voice as he cried — My dearest Iris, why have you done that 1' ' It is no fault of his,' she replied, ' and none of mine. I love him so well that my life without him will be my death. It is cruelty of fate which has separated us,' 'Why have you parted, Iris? Tell me all.' 1 Yes, I will do so,' bIio said mournfully. ' Thhough he is so noble, so true, and so brave, he is not a gentleman by birth ; he is the son of a tradesman. I could not marry him.' There was silence for a few moments, during which the Earl'B face grew deathly pale and his hands were clenched. ' i love him,' continued Lady Iris ; ' but I could not be the first Fayne to make an un equal marriage — I could not be the means of casting a shadow upon the ancient glories of our house. They must be 'hold with houour.' 1 agree witn you as regards tnat ; uut, Iris, it soems to me quite possible you should hold them with honour, and yet marry Allan.' 1 1 do not see how, papa.' 1 You are free to please yourself, Iris. If you wanted to marry — what shall I say 1— a banker's clerk, I should be willing ; if you wanted to marry a prince it would be all the same to me. I have seen so much misery result from marrying without love that I have made up my mind to lot you have the fullest liberty, never to control, persuade, or influence you ; but, if I may speak my mind plainly about tho trouble that has befallen you, I cannot help saying that I think you liavo done wrong, but I think — do not imagine that I wish to upbraid you, Iris — you arc both proud and prejudiced, and have made a mistake ill sending one of the noblest men away irom you oecause ne is 01 inferior birth. There aro many people who do not believe in any distinction that may he con ferred by birth.' 1 Ail the more reason, papa, that the few 6liould remain true to their order,' she replied. ' I am not so sure of that,' ho said. ' Class distinctions and prejudices seem to be fast dying out.' 'Papa,' she said, 'you who love mo, and who are proud of the ancient honours of our house — would you be pleased to know that I had married a draper's son 1' He was silent for a few moments and then aniwered — ' If that draper's son were Allan Osburn, most certainly I Bhould.' 'I thought you would have helped me, papa, in my desperate struggle — fordesperato ll. IB— With inv InVA. TlinrA n ra f!m 00 lulian I can hardly withstand the promptings of my heart, when 1 feel that I must send for h m and forget my pride. But, if I married Allan, 1 should never ho happy. Ths pride of my life is that I am a Fayne of Ohandos. Ail tho fairest dreams have been of tho honour of my house. You do not know, papa — even you who krow mo best — how proud 1 am of my descent. I feel that I can look down upon the world from a lofty eminence.' ' My poor child,' ho said tenderly, yot with a strange wistfulnessj in his manner — ' my poor Iris.' ' Yes, I am ' poor Iria' ; for I have lost all that I have held most dear. I have never been 1 poor Iris' until now ; but its conviction, not pride, |that speaks. Believe me ,papa, although I lovo Allan so dearly, I would rather die than marry him.' 1 If that be the case,' said the Earl, ' there is 110 more to bo said. You must do what you think best, my dear.' 1 Pnpa' — and she clung to him with hot trembling hands — ' you must be kind to mo. You do not know what I sutler. My heart is torn; I feel as though I must die — as though I could never face lifo again, Be kind to me and help me.' She was so sorrowful, so gentle in her desolation, that his heart filled with pity for her. ' I will do all I can,' he said sadly. ' Take me away from here, papa. I can never conic back to the rooms that arc haunted by his presence ; I should seo him everywhere atid hoar his voice at all times. I must go at once. Every hour that I stay hero adds to my torture. Take me to Fenton Woods. I would go out of tho world if I could.' ' Your pride must bs great, Iris,' ho said gravely, 'It is great,' she repliod ; 1 and Heaven has punished "file for it. Take mo away to our northern home, where nothing' can remind me of him and nothing can hurt or wound me. Will you, papa, at once. 'Yes. It will seem discourteous to our. guests ; but wo roust arrange matters as well as we con. We must get rid our visitors. That I can do to-morrow morning. I will announce that letters of importance call roe to Fenton Woods, and that, as you ! aro not well, I intend to take you, with. roe for a change of air; and we will go the day after to-morrow. Will that do, my dear 1' . Yes,' sho replied, sighing deeply. ' It ! is the best arrangement that can be. made, j How hard life is — and I thought it all brightness. How shall I bear'the years that are to come ' 1 ' Rememoer always that it is. your own fault, Iris You have sent Allan sway;' but I am sure he would come baek at one j word from you,' j ' Ho would come back,' she replied mourn fully, ' and ho would bring happincBS with him i but it would be easier for me to die than to speak that one word, papa.' 'Then, my dear, hard as it is, you must bear the pain.' ' Yes, I must bear it,' she assented. ' Better anything than to be a degenerate Fayne. Paa, you will help me 1 Do you think pain kills T 1 No, or I should have died years ago,' he said ; and again she clung to him. ' Yours was the pain qf bereavement,' sho remarked. ' Do not think 'me heartless ; but it seems to me that >1 could have borne pain of that description more easily.' ' You do not mean that, Iris. You are beside yourself ; you do not know what you are saying.' A/Uto J/»m AUI | DUD UlUUIlCUl X up»| how long shall 1 live — and will life always be so hard 1' ' No, not always, Iris ; time blunts pain. My dear, is there no other place you would like batter than Fenton Woods, 1 I would rather we went anywhere than tliaro. Would you like Germany T ' No,' she replied, with a shudder, ' it must bo Fenton, I must havo some time alone. I could not bear visitors or orowds. 1 shall bo better alone.' ' It shall be as you wish, my dear. It shall be Fenton Woods, if solitude is good far you. I was afraid there was something wrong. You know that Allan went away this afternoon 1' EruiisL 1 1 knew he would go,' sho said. 1 1 was from home when he went. He left a note for me ; but it merely said that he was leaving in lmste, and that you would tell me why. I did net think it was a final parting, Iria I liked him very much, and I Bhould have preferred to bid him farewell. We shall never see his equal again Iris.' 'Do not add to my pain. Do you think I do not understand my loss 1 His face is never for a moment absent from my oyes, There is no one like him.' 1 It seems strange to me Ins, said the Earl, ' that you can believe more in the nobility of the body than of tho soul.' ' I cannot help tho force of habit, papa ; but I will say this, that I would change it if I could. If I could begin my lifo over again, things should bo different. As it is, I cannot chango. Oil, pnpa, who would liavo dreamed that Buch utter coldness and gtooin would have fallen on my life 1' It is well wo do not foraee what life has to bring,' said the Earl ; ' we shtuld none of us bear it. Iris, I do not seek to intrudo on your confidence; but how did all this linppon 1 I remember you told me that Allun wns one of tlio Usburns of Sketchlev. How is it T Sho was silent for a moment, debating within herself whether she would tell liini the story of her pride and John Bardon's treachery. Tt would be better not, ns he, for her sako would resent it. ' There was some mistake,' she anawered ; ' and the mistake originated with the Bardons.' ' They ought to have been more careful,' said the Earl I do not understand how people can make such iniatnkes. It will cost you dearly enough, Iris.' (to ue continued.) 