THE LAST MATCH. An Obiginal Queensland Sketch. [By J. J. Lillington.] . Author of “ The Tale of a Pannikin”; “The Squatter’s Second Daughter”; “A Shearer’s Hut at Night,” and Other Sketches. Chatter III. THE WOMAN IN WHITE. Wo left our .readers deep in the dissertation on a possible lost man Buffering the intensest horrors of thirst, The pangs of hunger are nothing to these, for a man can live from eight to ten days on water alone. The writer has experienced both, so that he can speak by the card. For thirst, especi ally in tropical Queensland, cannot be adequately described. It has to be felt to be realised. By an inadvertence, the preceding chapter could not be said to have been completed without special reference to the surroundings of the final stages in a case of this kind. A victim to this form of fatal illness—if illness it can be called— conjures up visions of sparkling water just within grasp, yet he cannot reach it. Maddened to frenzy, he begins to tear the clothing from his back as he proceeds in his wild chase after the phantom, utterly regardless of the exposure of the usually-covered por tions of the soft white skin to the rays of the pitiless sun. But so obtuse to its surroundings has Nature now got that, even if the blessed liquid be found, the victim is totally oblivious of its presence, and will actually recoil from it with all the power of a horrible insanity, as if it were a sea of fire instead of a clear, cool, sparkling, pel lucid stream, or an equally gratifying substitute to the sane thirsty man of a water-hole or a clay-pan. With his tongue swollen as big as a duck-egg, lips cracked, eyes aflame and starting from their sockets, the madinad wildly rushes to nowhere until the death struggle supervenes. But to return to Ivan and Mott. After the fall of that indefinable object heard so distinctly by the bush com rades, silence reigned completely, only broken by the intermittent spasmodic growls of Jessie Brown and Budgaree Dick. The quartette, both canine and human, were more or less satisfied in their minds that they were on the verge, so soon as daylight broke, of a possibly mysterious sequence to the incident of “ The Mysterious Dog.” Notwith standing that the solitary lucifer had succeeded in obtaining for them the then present wish of their hearts—a good fire—it is npedless to say that both Ralpaue and Hofler were as dis composed as their dogs. By the aid of an impromptu torch, Ivan had suc ceeded in gathering sufficient water from the effects of the recent downpour out of the wheel-ruts and bullock-tracks to fill both “ billies.” By this a piece of salt-beef was being merrily disported with by its companion, Mr Boiling water, and was now pretty well done. In the midst of their interest in their mysterious surroundings, they had not noticed that the whole of the water in the tea-“billy” had evaporated, through their forgetfulness of their cooking; and, on its being observed, Ivan pro ceeded to re-fill it. He was forced to go a little towards the spot to which the dogs directed their special attention, just where the road having made a sort of sudden dip a greater quantity of water was collected. This was somewhat out of the radius of the fire light, and, accustomed bushman as he was, Ivan felt just a twinge of fear at the bare chances of encountering some thing superhuman. Arrived at the spot, however, he was in the act of pouring the last pannikin-full into the other vessel to complete his task, when his cars were suddenly arrested by a sort of smothered groan. His hair immediately rose, and he made the best of his way back to his mats at the camp fire at a much quicker pace than he had come. At the same instant the two dogs again barked vehemently in chorus, but Mott attributed this specially' to Ivon’s approach, as ho could see him returning from the water. “ There is something, Mott, by jiminy 1 there is.” blurted out Ivan as fast as the words could find ready speech. There is something ; I heard it; I’ll swear I heard it groan not far from the water up there.” Mott, who was equally perturbed, attempted, however, to put on a degree of sang froid he certainly did not feel, in order to attempt to convince his mate that he at least was not going to show the white feather. “I think wo are just both mistaken, old man; just both mistaken. Shut up, you two —(this to the canines.) Did you never see a dingo before? Why, I’ve seen the wretches’ eyes glistening by dozens in the dark; you know, Ivan, just like we’ve seen tens of thousands of sheep’s eyes looking at us in camp as you go round on watch to make up the fires. Depend upon it, there’s nothing in this. “ Ain’t there ? said Ivan. “ Well, you can have your opinion; I say there is.” “ Well, will you come and look: the dogs will take us to the spot. If it is some poor devil lying about here some where we ought to help him. I’m ready; come on.” “ I’m d-if I shift from here till daybreak; even if you put a team of. bullocks on to me,” hastily returned Ivan, rather more forcibly than polite. And, truth to say, Mott, with all his assumption of bravado, was nothing lothe either. Both bushmen, although one only would admit it, bad got a scare—und no wonder. Just let a couple of our readers, camped along a lonely main-road, become suddenly confronted at their catnp by a dead dog with an almost illigible message tied about his neck, (Continued on page 4-) \- (Continued from page 1.) supplemented' with other mysterious sur roundings as evidenced by the restlessness of the’dogs, superadded to the groan Ivan averred he had heard, and .there’s no doubt their hearts would beat a bit faster at the ghost-like mystery of such a weird and lonesome spot. Luckily Ivan, in his perturbation, had not spilt the water he was carrying, and a “billy” of tea was soon ready. What a solace to the poor buehman is a pannikin of tea ! Gin, brandy, whisky, rum—all sink into insignifi cance beside it. They had half a "damper” in one swag, so there was no need to bake, and soon the pair,- notwithstanding the state of their nerves, were each compelling a huge piece of bush bread and hot salt beef to disappear with evident relish. If it were not quite as lively or recherche as a Carterian banquet, it was as much enjoyed, even in the absence of the utterances of Tommy Bent, P. M. Salmon, the "Kangaroo,” or any other orator. While the various cooking duties of the camp, which devolved generally upon Ivan, owing to his mate’s tacit acknowledgement of his superiority in this direction, were in progress, Mott busied himself in taking measures to dry their impedimenta. With the tomahawk in hand he Boon discovered a oonple of young saplings that suited bis pur pose. From the pair he succeeded in getting three or four forkB, and utilised the re mainder as impromptu clothes-lines stretched across them, soon bad the soddened blankets and semi- wet wardrobes of the campers dry ing quietly before the now live fire, which, thanks to our friend, Mr Last Match, not only afforded this pair of wandering Arabs the means to enjoy their rude life for that night much better than they had anticipated, but furnished us with the nucleus of a not uninteresting story. Supper ended, the long filled pipes, over which, as we have seen, they had been compelled in the afternoon to practice such self-denial, were drawn from the pouches, and, fire-stickB being applied, Ivan and Mott were soon enjoying the solace of that narcotic so dear to humanity gener ally—none more so than the denizens of the Australian bush of all European races in general. Every smoker has to be thankful to that gallant of old time—Sir Walter Raleigh. The blankets and clothing being now fairly dry the mates made preparation lor sleep. With that carelessness so habitual with Australian bushmen, they had in a measure almost forgotten their scare,although determining (knowing it was in a measure incumbent on them to make a detour of the camp in the morning before resuming their journey westwards) to try and find out, if possible, what really was the cause of their dogs’ unmistakable uneasiness and the sudden appearance of their dead companion. Both Jessie Brown and Budgaree Dick had now settled down comfortably at the foot of the outspread blankets, as was their wont, between the fire and their masters, and were dreaming in pure dog fashion, every now and then emitting little whines and barks. The moon, which had hitherto been completely overshadowed by the angry clouds, now shone out in all her brilliancy, while the wind had changed to dead east. The view in that direction as fair Luna rose above the horizon of the far-stretching expanse of plain was grandly beautiful, and the wayfarers gazed upon the scene wrapped in thought for some minutes. Then, as they lay down stretched side by side they talked over their future prospects, chided themselves with following the vagabondizing life of the bush instead of the refined life of a large city, and drifted into all sorts of castle-in-the- air building, of how they would make for Bouth and home on getting a substantial cheque. At length Ivan, to whom we have before given the palm as a raconteur, broke the temporary silence by ejaculating : *• Say, Mott, I’ll tell you a sort of ghost story that five or six years ago happened to me.” Mott expressed a desire not to hear it, ** What 1” replied his mate, “You getting scared, too, as well as me ? Oh, jemimeyl” “I’m not exactly scared," returned the other, “ but, 5pon my soul, if you tell me anything about haunted places I shall con sider it co-incidental almost with the finding of that dog yonder.” 11 We didn’t find him, cos we never had to look for him. He came. Dropped from the blooming clouds somewhere — it licks “ Well, Ivan, as I can’t say I feel exactly sleepy, you might throw this twister off your stomach. The moon ’ll let you know If anything is knocking round now,” at length put in Mott. ivan’s ghost story. “Well,” said Ivan, clearing hia throat, “I’d been up to that Palmer River rush, you know, Cooktown, Endeavor River, where they died like rotten sheep of fever and ague. Finding I’d got a dose, I left my mates on the Left Hand Branch, and with about twenty ounces of gold in my 'chamois’ got into Cooktown just as one of the A.S.N. boats were sailing. I Btopped at the Sydney and Melbourne Hotel, at the comer of Susw‘x s /fcf t and Margaret place, Sydney— a » * ♦ hou*e for digger chaps aud bush men, in fact it was generally full. Old 4 Grip,’ who kept it, was one of the best-hearted Du chmen I tver met. And what is more, a fellow could get a quiet game of cards in a side room without interruption. A ' school’ of us fellows one morning, about a week after I was there, aut down to ‘pennypoker’ with a 5s. rise, you know, and I never cried crack till I just had the price of my fare to Bathurst, where I had intended to go. How evei, I changed my mind, and knowing it was just about the time to pick up stock from the south going by the Forbes track into Queensland T determined, as I was a little early for them to tramp np the old Sydney road. After leaving Sydney a few mile*) behind, anybody with half an eye cr-uht see that the train over Mount Victoria and the Zigzag had completely 1 coopered ' .11 this country, m which all the tr flic in*o the int* riur went before the rail way was made. On the road you’d often find farms deserted and horses tumbling down. Nobody seemed to care a curse how the country went. "Well, it was pretty hot weather, and I often did camp dnring the beat of the day and “poke on” in the eTening, It was abont eleven o’clock, as near as I coaid gaess, and the moon was ahining as bright as she is now. I’d just filled my pipe and was puffiog away, when to my left was another of those old deserted-looking farmhouses surrounded by a tumble-down old wall that was, for all I know, built by the convicts. It just struck me that I was beginning to feel tired, for; the road, which had once been a good one, was badly broken up, and my boot, which was pretty new, was tight. I’d filled the “billy” from a creek at the bottom of the rise before reaching this old farmhouse, whioh' sb it looked totally uninhabited I thought would be a good place to have a pot of tea in and a ‘ shakedown ’ till morning. Now up to this, Mott, like any other Aust ralian native that knocks about the world at all, I never believed in ghosts. I’d old Jessie .Brown with me, and I noticed that as we BiuP.t0 tbe ^oorj which was wide open with the bottom hinge sU'gonef that the slut sniffed, BDiffed, kept sniffing as if she scented something queer. I threw the swag off my shoulder, and walking up to the door felt something come over me. As I was afraid to enter without making sure there was nobody there, I called out in a loud voice “Good-night!” My salutation met with no reply, and I was about to go in for a prospeot,’ when suddenly an old woman in a black dress and a white cap on her head crossed the baok room, holding a lighted candle in front of her. She kept crossing backwards and forwards so quick that at last I began to think that I’d either run against a lunatio or a ghost. I said to Jessie Brown, Sou-11 em, sou-U ’em,’ just to see if her barking would have any effect. Instead of barking Jessie just stuck her tail betwep her hind legs, and backed away towards -D road. I called out again, ‘Good • the mother !’ There waa no reply, onh- night, woman i kept walking backward? / the old wards as quick as before. I b J and for Beared. Who waa this old w- jeSan to get this house ? There was no f °?'an alone In far as I could see, for the -arniture at all as . as your hand. 1 puller1 'plao9 waa as bare and let out one yell r courage together ’Good night, mot’ of m7 voice btopped, stood w’ ft, A, old womai of her, and fao',d ™“nd'e »ght in fron She just marched on ’a„“|L0D y.for a second crossing arid re-croasif^t*8 kard aa everi seemed the kitchen • t6-100™' whic,: too, as fast S ^ /.“d niched, a mile or tw“ 00nId tabe ™ loi farming chaps abon?fiye“?r8““S V“Bt SWn° I asked them who lived In that °?’ and givjmrthe description. tfat 8tone hoose “M “■ “• th.t KB, aM walk bat no v.bii'?’.'*d c“ndlc His mates looked nt ml • 8ays 1 “ Why,” sa”d th6‘ ”hV,DT Hve,y ,like spokesman, “ old Mother M’Caffrey; she was murdered there eight years ago last night, and they say that every year she comes back looking for' the money the fellows stole that murdered her.” " I just said ‘ So-long,’ and made on.” “ And do yon think the yarn’s true ?” queried Mott. “ I 'don’t know, hut I saw that blooming old woman right enough,” returned the yarn-spinner, rather testily ; “let’s have a snooze now.” * ■* * * And without a word both men turned on their sides and were soon wrapped in slumber. Ivan and Mott had probably slept | three or four hours when, the former awaken ing, discovered that they lay in the presence of a female figure, who, as if unconscious of their presence, stood with her white skirts outspread as if drying them, immediately in front on the opposite side of the fire Giving Mott a dig in the side that was almost equal to a rib-bender of Slavin’e, he caused the latter to spring into a sitting posture, as with pointed finger he ejaculated the one word, " Look!” Mott looked, rubbed Mb eyeB, looked again, then shivered all over. For there immedi ately before his vision in that lonely spot, miles from any habitation, stood a woman— a veritable “ Woman in White.” ( To be continued.) 