TOPICSOF TH E WEEK Mr. Zeal became " fnsfc favourite " for the Presidency of the Legislative Council-so late that scarcely anyone outside the charmed circle knew that he was so much as thought of as a starter. A few years back Mr. Zeal would have been a most-unlikely candidate; now* the Council is felt to have made a very good choice, out of the names submitted. The case shows how time and the softening influences which play upon a man in public life draw his, excellences into view, if 'he lias any, and wear down his sharp edges. ' For Mr. Zeal, some time after entering th§ .Council, was the Scotch terrier of thp j House, ready to bristle up and battle with anyone, big or little. He is not a Scotchman, though, but conies from a district in Devonshire which has supplied Victoria with several, well-to-do colonists, who have )>pen celebrated for liring up quickly. Until My. Zeal took office as l'ostniaster-Cencral a few months back, the members of the Council (lid not realise what Mr. Zeal's intimate friends have known all along, that he >3 a modest, amiable, unselfish, and very likeable innnv/with a correct sense of the duty that a member of Parliament owes to the public and hU constituents. . He lias besides a very wide knowledge, of the > circumstances ofj the colony,1 and a ..shrewd idea of ] the influences which have made it highly prosperous at one time and a little depressed j at unothcr. Mr. Zeal has been looking at events from the standpoint of a public inan for 30 years and upwards, and lie has acquired an insight into financial and political ufluir3 which many men of greater political influence have not had leisure or opportunity to obtain. And if while in either Asseinbly or Council he has occasional!y fired up, it-was because something had been going on behind the scenes which had aroused his indignation. As regards his probity, a man can be trusted as a member who in business or social life is sought after as an executor and a trustee. Tlie qualifications required in a President are, or should be, the same as those required in a Speaker, lie should have the practice of Parliament at his fingers'ends, he should be a master of the principlesof constitutional law, he should have quick discernment, and he should have an equable temperament anu a fair mind. But the Legislative Council has never subjected candidates for the chair to the examination test, and its Presidents have, without exception, been plain, matter of-fact, business men, to whom consti tutional history has been largely a sealed book. Candidates who would have passed with honour had papers been "set" have hithertofailedtogeteiectcd. TheCounci! likes to have an agreeable, pleasant-going Presi dent, free from social or intellectual "superiority," conscious or concealed. A potent Influence when the choice comes to be made is the presence or absence of certain indefinable graces of character whichdo net count much as factors of success in business, but which undoubtedly tell where the elec tion is in the hands of a limited constituency of individuals in every-day touch with one another. It is more difficult to get a majority of votes in the Council than a walk over in a populous province. Mr. Zeal is to be congratulated on having had an exalted honour conferred on him, which we believe was altogether unsonglit on his part, and as great a surprise to him as the same honour was to bis predecessor in 1884. A novel argument iii favour of hating the Bible read in state schools was used by the Rev. Alexander Yule m the Presbyterian Assembly. He said that the " somewhat lame jokes of the Premier at the Mayor's banquet conld not have been understood without a knowledge of the Bibleand "he ventured to say that a congrega tion of state school children would not have understood the Premier." It is a fact that writers and speakers now and then make happy use of the Scriptures for controversial purposes. John Bright got all his forcible English as well as all his finest images from the Bible. The Scriptures being a recognised rule of conduct, they are as proper for use on working days as on Sundays, and it is ro be exceedingly regretted that owing to Protestants and Catholics dis agreeing not only as to how the Hebrew and Greek should be interpreted, but as to whether the laity should . be privileged to read the text for itself, the Bible cannot be made one of the state school bboks. Fortlie school age isthe- thneior fixing things in the memory. But unleBs Mr. Yule wonts to play into the hands of Archbishop Carr, who longs for some effective means of preventing Catholic parents from sending their children to the state schools, the teaching of Hie Bible must he left to parents and Sunday schoota, who, to judge from the con stant agitation of leagues and associa tions, seem to be most anxious to get rid of what they consider an irksome duty. Were the clergy and the evangelical laity as sincere in desiring to have the Bible gene rally read as they pretend to be -we do not believe that tliey would be so fretful in their complaints or at nil willing to share the high privilege they now possess with lay teachers, who teach accordiug to the Go vernment stroke. The Catholic clergy prixe the duty of giving Bible teaching too highly to part with it, while Protestant ministers are willing to. pass the work on to ahy peuny-. in-the-slot machine that Hie . state can set up. , The. present Yule argument is no argument at ail. . We do not bee why the* Bible should be made a school, readilijpbook in order '; that children may] understand "lame' jokes-'Vby Mr..'Shiofe.. ;Thete«isn*' great Nleiil of ; Mrv tshiefa's seciriBkwntter; which must be lievbnd athdroonVpiiiifciii^tf^ Speeches at mayors' dinners do' not Interest die adhoolboy or tire schoolgirl. Itlnsbceh supposed since Mr. Bhiels spoke that his quotation is aproofthat he musthavfc 'read theBible tit school ; butliresupposUieo pays tiim n poor complitaent, for it J Biplics that there has been nothing in his public conduot opart from thisquotation to indmatethat-he it familiar with the Scriptures or hot studied them with profit, tboughhehasbeen inPar liament oljout20year«. And if Mr. Shielsmade his acquaintance with balmin Oilead at school he must regret having forgotten the rest of the passage, for he gave Mr. Gillies an opening in the way of retort that was used with astonish* ing success. We confess to never remember ing Mr. Gillies come out with quotation for quotation before. It is dangerous to get a reputalibn for quoting Scripture with facility, ami if Mr. Shiels bus a facility that way, rendering him incomprehensible' to state scliool children, liis admirers should re member the familiar saying about the devil. Yet it would he very unfair to soy that Mr. Shiels quotes after the manner of the devil. The devil is entitled to have his due(Mr. Xox, we believe, says the correct reading is Jew), and, wicked a personage as tlie devilda, even the Dean of Melbourne allows that he iB pos sessed of consummate ability. Satan would be entitled to feel angry on hearing any com parison made between himself andMr. Shiels; When the devil quotes Scripture, he does so very cleverly. - - ■ ' Sonic politicians base calculations on the supposed existence of a federal Bpirit. in these colonics. It is assumed that the in habitants of neighbouring colonies are yearn ing to embrace and work, together. The straws which are said to indicate the How of the current do not support so plausible a belief. Neighbouring colonies evince a relish for spoiling one another's chances, which suggests that each would he glad if the other wore further avvaj-. Tjie sight of rasjibc^ries coming from liobart. or eggs from Albury, gives some of our worthiest citizens the spleen, ami the most popular taxes aCustoms Minister can propose in Melbourne, Sydney, or Adelaide are duties aimed direct at the people living just over the bonier. The Syd ney Government is angry at our wanting to mint silver, and reproaches us, nearly 20 years after date, with hav ing set up a gold mint. 1'ven our Acting -Kailway Commis sioners, who should concern themselves with no such matter, have just courted the favour of the Shiels Ministry (which is giving them hopes of six months more of oflice) by im posing differencial rates between Dimbobla and Scrviceton, on purpose to prevent some of the Wimmera farmers yrjio are far from the seaboard getting their grain sent cheaply to Adelaide. The Wiminera farmers are to have no dealings with the Samaritans^ but are to send all their produce to Jerusalem, even if they have to do so atalpes. Hut wherclhc federal spirit shows itself in its most peculiat form is in the action of the health authorities. The Armand Belile, because she liappened to start from a suspected port, and Itad adoubt fui case of " cholerine " on board, which the captain thought it prudent to land qt Aden, was pronounced by our Board of Health to he a possible cholera ship. Air the time she lay at anchor in Hobson's Bay she was sur rounded by water police to prevent communi cation with tlie shore, her mails were fumigated, and her Melboumepassengerscon signed to 10 days quarantineat Point Nepean. These grave precautions were taken though 23 days had elapsed since " the case " had been landed, and though the Armand Itchic had been passed as a clean ship at Adelaide, between which port and Melbourne there is daily communication as if they were only separated by tlie width of a street. If it was necessary to quarantine tlie ship the pre cautions iiad been taken too late. But the real farce has to come.. When the Armand Behie got to Sydney she was granted pratique, and her passengers allowed to step ashore, and some of those passengers.though bopked for Melbourne, wenton to Sydney with the ex press intention of landing there and coming straight to Melbourne by rail. Therefore, if there was any wisdom in sending some of tlie passengers to Point Nepean for 10 days, the expedient was completely nullified by what went before and after. The quarantining of the Armand Bchic in Hobson's Bay lias tamed out a sorry burlesque for the public, and an unhappy experience for the imprisoned pas sengers. We need not discuss the question who is right and who is wrong about the in fectiousness of choleriue, savetosuggest that - perhaps ifthe French Imd a simpler wtnvl for that comparatively unimportant iifracnt our terribly cautious Board ofHekithinightbavc let the ship-*pass. The point ;to Consider is the absurdity; of the principal AustrHBtra pods taking independent ^ahd fcontiadrctbry action in matters affecting the safety pfitijfe whole Australian'people.'; Unity is impera tive, for if at Adelaide the health authorities arc a little free and easy, in Melbourne fidgety old ladies, and in Sydney" con temptuous, a killing .epidemic is certain to obtain admittance when we least expect it. ' - ; It would be ungenerous to look critically into tlie speeches which were spoken at Broken llili last Sunday by'the members of tlie committee of control when declaring tlie strike off. The men folding the tents, gathering up tlie loose furniture of tlie camp, and packing the carts .were not the men who originated!- the campaign and landed the array in the wilderness. Theirtosk was to break the news gently that the wanderers had got hopelessly lost, and each individual must find his way home as best he could, while the "officers" kept charge of tlie small stockot provisions that were ieft. The; decision to bre&k; up was anitouiiccd Very. suddenly j -bat the fact was that it. ami; «een tlud the strike copld uot be prolonged auotherweekwithotot i treuching upon die Mre^vTBfnndr^andlhi rei^iwp fund is re*' quired! ;fordhb tltfe and aocommodation oE iiwmn Joiidfor high quid give oOeday'e payweeklyfortifce*uppbrt of - the miners left out in the cold, and the miners left oat in the cold are to oblige the committee of control by leaving Broken Hill for some other field of labour as soon as I they conveniently can, and so clear them- ] selves off the books and out of the com mittee's memory. About half the men working on Broken Hill last June will get back to their old places; strangers occupy the places that have been forfeited. The strike has ended in the loss of about £30,000 in strike cash, and nearly £216,000 in wages which have not been earned, while the loss to the Australian community, in trade, traffic, &c.;, may be estimated at half a million. And why was the strike kept up for eighteen weeks to arrive at such a melancholy ending? The one excuse the leaders had for originating and maintaining the strike was that unionism was in danger. We feel disposed to deny that unionism can I be in danger when it is able, for so poor an ( occasion, to raise £30,000 to keep 5,000 men in j idleness for eighteen weeks. Has unionism, afterall theseyearsof growing.shrunksomuch j that it has to constantly ask for " recogni tion " in order to feel inwardly sure of being alive? Unionism is very much alive, and it is the officials who are anxious. They order a strike, hire rooms, call for drinks, engage street bands, and issne manifestoes ; then a pause comes; the roofs of the mines do not fall down, as they hoped ; ruin does not join hands with the strike committee; the police will not let them cut off domestic supplies or storm trains ; the committee find that money is flowing out like water, that no good is being done, that the men they have turned loose are getting impatient, like the Game Chicken, because nobody is being doubled up, so their last resource i3 to ob-! tain " recognition," claim a victory, and I declare the strike off. And now, having j failed to obtain "recognition," the com mittee of control and divers union officials J in various places in sympathy with them are calling Heaven to witness that unionism J has been trampled upon, and that the people j of Australia, acting through Governments, judges, magistrates, and police, have plotted to "crush" it. The recognition the com mittee of control so badly wanted vas wanted in order that the leaders who had blundered so miserably might recover their j lost reputation. Their principal resource all through was that kind of boastfulness which is sometimes spoken of as blowing, and contains a large admixture of lying. Their I touchiness about their dignity and their demand for recognition remind us of Katisha. While the Mikado seemed rather lx>red by the adulation of the Court, Katisha j was ever exacting ceremonious recognition. "Bow, bow to his daughter-in-law elect" So it has been at Broken Hill. The defence Committee and the committee of control wanted to be bowed to, with 5,000 bewildered miners looking on. If unionism has been brought into danger it has been by the brainless tactics of union, officials in squandering thousands of pounds of savings in foolish braggadocio. Impatience of discussion is one of the signs of the times. In the individual it may indicate brain-fag or fear of being proved to be wrong, or a wilful desire to proceed whe-1 tber right or wrong; but among mosses of j men it is applauded as the firmness of men j too wise to be made wiser. There was time in the sixties when a learned gentle man now a judge informed the Assembly j that it had been elected to vote, not debate. It voted, and the vote it gave has not been j given effect unto to this day. There are ques tions upon which the dialecticians of Europe have disputed for 1,800 years, and not yet ] come to a final decision. Several conncils, convened by Popes, met and peremptorily decided questions which are still the subjects of dispute; and here it may l>e remarked that the Council of Trent was one of the first instances of talking against time, the Pope giving the legates instruction "to protract the debates." Mr. Frederick Harrison, who is "positive" on all matters and right in none, boa published a, magazine article telling {he Gladstouians how to force their. Home.Rule scheme through the Imperial Parliament, without alteration, in about as many days as it takes a steamer to ruin from London to Suez. The fact of there being a majority of the English,.electors against Home Rule is a moral .obstacle which the | impatient jpolirician omits to allpw for. Every question has almost as many sides as there are eyes to see them, and if it is settled beforeall its sides are seen we have a resump tion of discussion and the untying of knots after knots have been tied. Bageliot, in bis jPhysics and Politics, commends discussion as the only human way to arriving at truth; but men ore ruling opinion here who deride every able man's name.the instant it is men tioned, Spence has told tlie shearers to dis regard Spencer (whom they have never heard of), and they disregard him. An Adelaide deputation went up to Broken Hill last week, wanting full liberty of speech, but itwas denied them, and after they had gone the course they desired to explain had to be taken. In union councils the first speaker who gets a word in is believed as if he were un inspired being, and every one who tries to* set'Him right is cried down. So, in the : Assembly, we have seen the Government naoyihg its -protective duties by not saying agjggBii' in davour of them, for it was felt ti&riH;'sceasobs were given the perverse ' jwbuld rise up and' expose the ictiona in tbem. ' Mr. Tren i explanation has led to perplexities. He asserted liiwriiSipaid by the foreigner the< Government i.duties the House -Ifr. Trenwith said lUoUeoted triartothers.and its and Iflplo'ibe free-trade assertion that Custpms duties] come out of the pocket of the citizetifwbo! buys and not out of that of the foreigner who sells. The true wisdom is to goon voting steadily whatever is put before you, and let] the inconsistencies reconcile themselves, the golden rule of Henry VIII.'s Parliament, which voted in one statute that it was treason to Bay that either the marriage with ] Catherine of Arragon or the marriage with Anne Boleyn was valid, and treason to say that either Mary or Elizabeth (their respec tive children) was illegitimate. Philosophers are invited to explain why the open air, which operates so beneficially | on the human system when we are seeking recreation, produces a hurtful effect off our moral faculties as soon as we mount on a lorry and begin talking. Let no man pride himself on bis wisdom and prudence until his self-control has been tested in the open air. In a room, most men talk pretty sen-' sibly ; in a ball they begin to relax; and in the open air they break away from all re straint. The members of the Trades'-hall ] Council, who are aware of these things, hold all their great demonstrations in Flinders park, knowing well that it is only when mounted on a loriy that the orators whom they keep in stock can produce their most preposterous statements, and gladden their listeners. For an open-air crowd, particularly one meeting on a Sunday, can be entertained ( with no other language than " high-falutin'" and noisy railing. All gatherings which are promoted in Sydney and Melbourne on Sundays, for the purpose of mocking religion and pouring contempt on the Bible, are held in the open air. At last Sunday's meeting scarcely anything but nonsense was talked in regard to the Deniliquin trial. The only chance to have had greater nonsense talked would have been to have had Mr. Muloney present, but it seems that the Premier gave him away in marriage last week, first at a registry office, and afterwards in achaoel off St. Patrick's, and he wasunfortunately absent There was a general and hearty slandering of Mr. justice Backhouse, and the meeting was persuaded that until courts and gaols are done away with altogether " unionism" will not obtain the full measure of its rights. We find it hard to believe that unionists, as a body, are of opinion that the work ot tliej world can only l>e profitably carried on where magistrates fine " free labourers " for objecting to be kicked halt way to! the grave. Some persons have joined! unions with the idea that the cardinal prin-! ciple of unionism is to suspend law and order, and when the doctrines such persons relish are preached we can but infer that the solid elements of unionism stay at borne On open air days. Yet events may be marching on, tor "the man near the lorry" who coun selled the use of dynamite, which is the weapon of the miscreant and the coward(and proposed storming Deniliquin gaol, was merely reproved for being a little before his time. Under well-enacted and well-adminis tered " open-air" laws we should have Broken Hill miners bruising the bodies and burning the tents of whom they pleased, and the police standing by to prevent tender hearted persons from spoiling sport. The peaceful citizen fails to understand latter- day unionism because he lives in-doors too much. A thorough course of open-air meetings might completely change the views men have about social life, and bring in the millennium foretold by Mr. H. K. Rusden, who believes that in time the lunatics will outnumber the sane, and consequently have all the sane locked up. Our professor of music has confided to a sympathetic bosom that there is no musical taste in Melbourne. "Taste? There isn't any. I am bitterly disappointed." We are not sorry to hear it, knowing what Mr. Marshall Hall's definition of musical taste is. Long observation of the ways of musical doctrinaires has convinced us tliat the musical teste they adore cannot coexist in the same physical body with a sense of humour, a sense of proportion, and the power to understand the practical purpose of living. It is essential, even for the keeping up of chairs . of music as well as keeping the world going, that the great body of the people should be level-headed and exemptfrom musical madness. Were we all, given to composing, performing, and listen ingsvith rapture to sonatas the fruitful earth.: would, soon become a desert and the sea be without ships. An agricultural population fiddling with one band and guiding the plough with the other would, not obtain for us'a 14 bushel average. And Mr. Hail, who is groaning to think that he shall not hear good mnsic played (even by his own little orchestra) for five years, when his engage ment will be op, should consider that it is because we are behindhand that he has been brought out to fill the chair that the generous Mr. Onnond endowed. He ranks with the Chaffeys of Mildura, and Mr. Wilson of. dairying- fame, as the forerunner of a new order of things. The back handed strokes which Mr. Hall ad ministers to Mr. Cowen, whom he never met in Melbourne, and therefore judges by hear say or intuition, are thoroughly "musical." If musicians of the , second, third, fourth rank, icc., and sometimes even of the first, are celebrated for anything, it is the poor opinion they have of one another. One touch of envy makes the world (of artiste) kin. Before Mr. Cowen arrived be woa de ridedand held up to acorn; ;his being en-\ gaged by the Exhibition Commissioners was denounced, though not too openly, as an: outrageous disregard of the claims of JocaL talent. On his arrival he received hn effusive weicome, and was led to believe that every, musical heart rejoiced.,. All the time he was] here the brethren avoided As touch As poe^ aible being seenat his 'performances; and on the w ere of his departure: they gave liim an effusive farewelL There was hut one sincere compliment they paid him. After -Mr. Cowen cape the fashion bet in, frith' him, of .having the hair shorn. Beethoven's old housekeeper reports that' the master rarely got bothered, and modern genius, believing.otter Samson,that the lopkB are the seat of strength, was in the habit of going about with a mane. Mr. Cowen amazed the Melbourne public by coming | among them got up in every way like an or dinary man; he broke the spell. Noncw chum professor is in a position to know the condition of popular taste in regurd to or chestral music beforfe Mr. Cowen came, nor aware how muck we' owe to his conducting. And as regards the cutting of passages out of j Beethoven's Symphony, which Mr. Marshall i Hall charges against Mr. Cowen as an act of vandalism and against Melbourne audiences as evidence of their Boeotian ignorance, we hope that he will not likewise deny that we appreciate Shakspeare because we allow stage managers to play "Hamlet" minus several scenes, including the finale, in order that we may catch the last train. We have hopes of the professor, because we have faitli in the curative properties of the Australian climate, and we believe that long before his time is up he will become known among us as a sensible man as well as an enthusiastic musician, finding many things to interest him besides the New Zealand prodigy he is at present cackling over. TheDemocratictrinmphin theUnitedStates J may without question be attributed to the: feeling that the American people have had j enough of high tariffs and M'Kinley legisla- j tion. Mr. Cleveland, during his campaign, j spoke out with a boldness which shows that j he saw a real change in the drift of opinion. Boldness and straightness are far from being I " democratic" virtues. The Democrats have | their eye on other things than the tariff. They want an innings; for30 years they have, with the exception of one short term of four | years, been excladed from supreme power. There is no party which has played fast and | loose With principle so openly as the Demo cratic party, or been so largely controlled by unscrupulous politicians. The Boss Tweed ring in New York were Democrats, and so fond are the NewYork bosses of office with its perquisites and opportunities (which in America is a word that means much) that four years ago they bartered the New York State r ote to the Republicans in exchange for the control of New York city, which the Repnblicans surrendered. They thought the governing of the city a more lucrative party opportunity than the governing of the nation, j and so let Mr. Harrison have the Presidency. On the question of the currency the Demo crats have put forward most andacionsly con tradictor}' views. When it was a question of rag money (paper) fermtx li-jrd mouey (cosh) they pretended to be for hard money, and yet proposed to repeal the act providing for the coinage of silver mid gold in preference to the issue of greenbacks. Mr. Cleveland is sound upon ihtpTcajrency and outspoken upon the tariff (though he promises to respect vested rights, a phrase which maybe stretched like indiarubber), but .he is not above playing tricks. Tour years ago he gave the : British Ambassador his pass ports for writing an innocent letter about the election to a supposed British sabject, and it was l>elieved that the ambassador was trapped by the California Democrats into writing that letter in order that the party might gain kudos by flouting the- old country. It has to be re membered that the. Democratic party in the middle and northern states! is largely helped by the Irish-vote, which vote is kept loyal by talking big to Great Britain in season and out of season'; the southern Democrats ore alone sincere about free trade. At one time the Republicans were the party of principle* in the States, but they hare been losing their character, chiefly through h&\ ing to angle for the Irish vote. While on the one hand they havebeentryingltoputdo the Democrats in flat tery.they have also been hinting at the desira bility of disfranchising the foreigner by way of winning from the Democrats the old native vote. Australians whq are interested in the reduction pf the wppLduties must not build too high hopeq on fthp Democratic victory. In the first place^the firat Congress under Mr. Cleveland (who, takes office in March) will not meet until December, 1333; and in the second vested interests wilf fight desperately and corruptly to btddiljte ^vantages which the M'Kinley acthas g^en them. A working majority In theBepate jsdllbe hard to secure, ami there will be much bargaining between tpnflf apdpijier.interests. Jt is a ito&iablefe;£ture in all the accounts of Lord Tennyppin that have appeared in the leading London papers that they deal almost entirely with'tbe poet sna very little with the man. Tlmre.js^midahceof bibliography arid criticism, but scarcely any personal detail. This is a natural consequence of the life of seclusion led hy.theLaureate, at any rate during the latter half of his life. In this respect be resembled his predecessor, Wordsworth, who lived a life ' still more ' ieinote from society and the busy haunts of men. For many years probably almost the only idea that was formed or Tennyson by the public outside his own circle was that of a stately and dignifiefl teari; who was very fond of smoking and bad a great tiistiketcbeing atared at by prying touriste, To tho$e who knew him ' intin^teUyjj^pwever, he had a striking and strongly-marked individuality, and he seems j to have Impressed them most by his superior j wwKrihi told Bayard Taylor, !wjd^fihat Tennyson was the; Edward Fitzgerald, the translator of Omar Khayyam, satd that ia the pbet's presenoe he felt at from the bver-J have,'.howew(ri«! been made ;puUte,' *hieh throw some slde rhta upon fchfcriharooter arid peculiarities of M ^hfted.tp' betoMat andonlbe&e; oi^Midhs he sometimes showed the rougher side of his disposition. A certain aggressive literary lady once managed to get an introduction) and persisted in talking poetry, especially his oipn. poetry, to-him. After bearing this for some time, patient hut disgusted, he took the opportunity of a momentary pause to say gruffly, ''What, are the}* charging just now for butcher's meat in London?" At Freshwater, -in the Isle of Wight, he was so followed about by intrusive visitors that he gave up going out, and the story goes that on amusing devioe was hit on for circumventing the sightseers. The butler was dressed up in a wig and Tennyson'a hat and cloak, and in this guise paced up and down the terrace and the walk in front of the houBe, while the poet, un observed, went out at the back. Many Americans are said to have beeii thus de ceived, and to hare gone back to their country firmly convinced that they had gazed upon Tennyson. It was to avoid the prying eyes of visitors that Tennyson left Fresh water and took up his abode at Haslemere, on the border of Surrey and Sussex, a more secluded place. Here he was not at all a familiar figure to the villagers. It is said that on one occasion a local preacher was discoursing fire and brimstoneJust off a lone called after the poet, when Tennyson him self came along the lane on the other side of the hedge. Hearing the noise, he put his head through to see what was the matter, whereupon the congregation were so frightened at the unexpected apparition that they took to their heels, believing that it was old Nick who had come for them. Another time, as related by Mrs. Ritchie, a mysterious cloaked figure came suddenly out of a deep glade, upon some people who were camping in the New Forest It passed straight on, looking neither to right nor to left. They at once said "it was either | a ghost or it was Tennyson." It mar interest smokers to know that Tennyson ] always insisted on liis tobacco being abnor mally dry, and, to prevent any suspicion of moisture, he had the jar set down in front of the fire while he was smoking. It is believed that there are various recondite allusions to smoking in his poems, and some say that, when he wrote the two well-known lines— " Vou ask me why tho' ill at ease Within this region I subsist," the reason why he was ill at ease was that j his tobacco had run out Now that the poet has gone we shall, doubtless, have a flood of biographical detail and personal reminis cence, which will help us to form a more j distinct impression of the author of In Memoriam and The Idylls of the King than is j at present possible. One seldom, nowadays expects anything j very new from narratives of Arctic explora-' tion, which, as a rule, are somewhat j monotonous and depressing reading. They record plenty of courage, heroism, and en- j durance of hardship, but not often anything I fresh in the way of discovery- Lieutenant Peary's Greenland expedition is, however, an exception to the rule. The brief account of this journey which has been published' is, on the whole, cheerful reading, and some of j the discoveries made by the explorers are im- i portent and unexpected. The part}' consisted , of the leader, six other men, and Mrs. Peary, a young and accomplished lady only recently j married, who showed' herself quite able to share in all the dangers and hardships of the undertaking. Perhaps it is herpresence that makes the story of the journey less depressing than usual, and it is certainly a novelty in the records of Arctic travel. The Start ing point of the exploration was M'Cormick Bay, on the north - west coast of Greenland, in T7*43deg. north latitude, and aboat 100 miles south of the great Humboldt glacier. Hero the explorers were left by the steamer Kite on July 31, 1891\. A wooden house was built and after wards enclosed by a stone and turf wall. Some of the party were sent by boat to Northumberland and Hakluyt islands, whence they brought* among other tilings, an Eskimo and his wife; later on other natives arrived, and in course of time quite a village was formed round the abode; they behaved very well and, indeed, proved of groat service to the explorers: Daring the winter Lieut Peary and his wife took Jong walks on stiow^ahoea gnd sledgfe ridea -while 'Sundry boating trips were'taade, aim bunting excursions carried . ourtrith such' gbpd «Tesult* lihat ^hfeu^winter Art in the party had an nipple stoefc of reindeer, seals',; walruses,andbirdsin theirlarder, /Although' experienced. 100 days of' total darkneia, aad ~a temperature rang'mg trom SOdeg: to 50deg. belowzero, Lbe winter wushpent quite.'! pleasantly, and rio one was a bit the' worse for'it The sun reappeared in the middle of February , andon April 18,1892, Mr. Peary and Mbwife started on'a tour of the islands and' shores pf Whale Sound and Inglefleld Gulf. They travelled in; asledge drawn by ISdo'gs with an Eskiaio driver) and covered 250 miles iti seven days. The SeriouB business of the. expedition how commenped.' : The necessary supplies , ahd', equipments Were token to the* head of M'Cormick Bay, and thence hp the steep slbpe of the opterphrtof the inland ice until the true ice cap, 4,lD00ft' high, was reached. On May 15 the inland jour ney was begun. When the Humboldt glacier was reached most of the part}- went back, the leader and Mr. Astrup alone continuing in a sledge drawn by '14 dogs. By June 25 they bad reached as tor north as - latitude 82deg.;, and on July 4 they came upon the head of a great bay, which was named by Mr.Peaty.inhonour of theday, Independence Bay. This was in latitude 81deg. 87min. and longitude SWeg. Theiand here was found to be almost free from snow, of a reddish brown colour, and covered with glaoial dfbrit and sharp stones. Instead of the barren desola tion hitherto enoorraterod in these latitude* animal and vegetable Life was abundant, In cluding and other birds, and even flowers. The bay wasoovered with nnfc ioe,andrt was impossible to go sny further north.- The explorers had reaohed. the JJltima Thule, the northern boundary of the great lancl mass ofGreenland,with the Arctic Oceau Btretcbifig before, them towardstKe Pole. The return loumey lasted from July 9 -to August, 'S, and by. the time the explorers 'got back to M'Coraiek Har bour they . had t travelled 1,300 < miles in /90, days, pod had lost,, eight oiit of their i4 dogs. On July -23 the Kite with a relief party had arrived, .add bp August 24 the entire party started for home. One sad accident albhe marred the pleasure of the ex pedition, and thatwastlie disappearance of Mr. Verhoef, the scientist of the party, who having gone out by himself to collect speci mens never returned, and was supposed to have fallen into a crevasse* 