INGENIOUS DEVICES OF THE SHOPIiIFTERS. {SEW SOSK WOELD.) 'Every vestige of the old-fashioned 'kick 'has disappeared,' Baid a detective to ane the other day when I requested his views, regarding a certain phase of metropolitan life. ? - . The shoplifter's 'kick' is Hie technical name of the capacious bag or pocket she who prefers to ' buy' when the clerklias his back turned has concealed under her cloak, or, rather, sewed to the same on the left side, or which men have under the left coat tail. It is not by reason or an edict of Beau M'Allisterthatthe old 'kick' is going out of use, but because section S08 of the penal code makes it a criminal offence for any one to have it in his or her possession. It is both in sorrow and in anger that shoplifters are parting with it ; but the ' cops ' having ' got on ' to it, it had to go, for it stood as conclusive proof against its owner. From several store detectives I learned that the methods used in ' worMne ' the old ' kick ' had become so well-known to them, and to salesgirls that shoplifters saw the necessity of keeping pace with a progressive age. So a more' convenient contrivance was gotten up. It is called a 'hoisting kick.' This consists of a regular dress skirt, so far as appearance goes, covered by an apron overdorl, which is short and can be raised eauuy. HOW- THE THICK WAS DONE. In the front of the underskirt is a wide vertical slit, which is but the opening' to the immense bag which the underskirt consists of, it going around the entire body and down to the heels. This was found more con venient than the side ' kick,' from the fact that it necessitated less movement and a motion that arousedlittle suspicion. The thief would stand close to a counter where small articles are exposed, generally lace or silk handker chiefs or stockings. She would take one in her hands, examine it, hold it on edge in front of her, call for something else, and while the salesgirl had her back tamed would slip it into the slit. As the ' kick ' is made of paper muslin the stolen article would slip down easily. Should the thief miss the aper'- ture — a rare occurrence, for they are persons of nerve — the article would fall on ihe floor, - and the thief would pick it up, replace it on the counter, and claim that it was an acci dent, which in reality it was. This worked well until several shoplifters using this 'kick' were arrested and searched, ?which exposed the whole thing, and now there are few of them in existence. So tte evildoer's genius had again, to be called into requisition, and a 'woman who was arrested in a Sixth Avenue store showed how she had improved on that style. She wore a beautiful flounced dress, covered with a short apron overskirt, draped and caught up here and there in such a way as to form natural-looking puffs. ThiB went around tLe entire body, and a little to the- right was a pocket, rendered absolutely invisible by the drapery. When searched an incredible amonr* of articles ot all sorts, stolen from different stores, were found in the under skirt. A detective told me that a notorious shop lifter was once caught who had in. her 'kick' two pieces of lace of 25 yards each, worth 29dol. a yard ; two pairs of silk stock ings, one silk and oae lace handkerchief, a piece of scented soap, and aBrumagem scarf pin worth 4S cents, all of which she had stolen in various stores in Sixth. Avenue. And, strange to say, it was the cheapest of the articles which betrayed her — the cake of soap, valued at IS cents. Another wa3 caught with 1G yards of fcilk, valued at 120 dollars, in her 'kick.1' THE BAXBBOS TRICK. Another clever device which was gotten up almost contemporaneously with the 'kick' was the elastic band box. It was made like a gentleman's hat box, of card board, the cover being held close to the boxby two elastic bands in the interior of the box. The pur loiner would place the bandbox on a counter containing articles that had captured her fancy, especially where there were few sales girls. She would call fir certain cheap articles which would cause the salesgirl to turn her back to the purchaser. The shop lifter would then lift the cover of her box with one hand, throw in as many articles as she could take hold of, and by means of the elastic bands the cover would be instantly and automatically closed, leaving no fa-ace of the robbery. This contrivance was so deceptive by reason of its innocent appearance and raison d'etre, so to speak, and worked so admirably that it was a long time before the detectives ' caught on,' and many thousand dollars' worth of articles were stolen bv this means before an arrest was made. The first capture was caused by a salesgirl at a lace counter in a Twenty-third street store. She had not seen the shoplifter put anything into the bandbox, but had been attracted by the singular manner in which the cover was closed — apparently of itself. She notified a floor walker. The woman was called into a private room, accused, and searched, and in the bandbox were articles enough to start a miniature country fancy goo is store. Amongst other things, she 'had 13 scarfs, an inkstand, a ciarar-holder, and a dice-box, stolen from different stores, which showed that her tMtej extended over a wide field.* Well, the bandbox Ijaj fcad a brilliant but C'mimrati'5,;i7 Xrlei career, aud few arrests I were causeS by its use, but those that were j made ocourred wittin a few days, and the j workers of the contrivance saw that the game wasiip* aad gave «p.the ghost. There is no recordPOf any i^f **0 **& ^ent1? THE SATCHEL GA2l£. This was in time succeeded hy a sii^tJlsi* triek, one that has lung been worked wu?* success, because it creates no suspicion. It is the satchel grame. Although store detec tives say it is comparatively dormant just now, it was extensively worked during the holidays, and will be in full blast when the spring season opens. These are used for stealing pocketbooks as well as goods. They are. in appearance, like ordinary hand satchels, but thev open and close by means of a spring. The thief's right hand presses a button, and the left, which is always un glovet, does the rest. It is by this means that pocket-books are oftenest stolen in crowded dry goods stores, and this has served to make trouble for many salesgirls. The pickpocket (for such he or she is) generally works with a confederate. She first espies a woman with a pocketbook in her hand — and they are legion. She will follow that woman in the generally gratified expec tation that she will ere lont; deposit it on the counter where she stops to examine goods. The thief wiQ crowd near and snatch the pocketbook in a twinkling at the first oppor tunity and pass it to the confederate, who disappears- and has not been noticed near. The real thief can remain beside the victim with safety, as, should she be arrested, nothing can be found on her. A short time ago one of the cleverest satchel workers, well known atheadquartere as 'The Madame,' was caught in a Sixth avenue store with two stolen pocketbooks. She dropped them on the floor when accused. They were recovered, and as it was doubtful i if a case could be made against her, she was let go. She came again shortly afterwards and stole a pocketbook containing a urge amount of money belonging to the wife of a director of the Sudson River Railroad, who shrunk from the publicity a prosecution would have entailed, and ' The Madame ' again escaped. She now gives the store a wide berth, however. A fine-looking blonde, known to the police as ' Big Grace,' and whose. picture adorns Inspector Byrnes's collection, in another clever satchel fiend, whose cleverness and- 'swell' appearance long- baffled the detectives. She had a pal (Maggie M ? ), with whom she worked this 'game successfully for a long time until they both came to grief. ? , i. ?: - '?'. SHE VEBY 1ATEST. i. ? ? As- the best inventions are generally the simplest, so are the latest and most successful methods of1 shoplifting. ~ There are three, fbe-'^nnema^. ' : This' is made'.soAikwMt like a circular. It is a long, loose cloak, coTering even the bands. It enables the thief not only to steal with a greater degree of safety, but also to eonceal her booty. AllfltataBtodaifttoget near a crowded coaster, throw the edge of her cloak partly over the article she covete, «Hp - ' her hand underneath the cloak, take thi article, step back, and hold it in her hand. Unless she is caught in the act she cannot be arrested or even suspected. ?? Another is still simpler. The thief lays her handkerchief carelessly on some small article Bhe wants to steal, feigns a desire to buy something else, is. not suited, and while the sales-girl replaces the goods on the shelf the thief picks up -her booty with her handker« ' chief. If she should happen to be caught, alie naturally claims that she did not know she had the stolen article in her possession. The thud one is worked by means of a handbag containing twine and wrapping paper. This bag is carried in the left hand, and filled with whatever goods the shoplifter can secure. Then she will go into the toilet room, or some side street, take out the goods, paper, and twine, wrap them up in a neat parcel, and try again or go away un molested. fiTTT.T. A2JOIHEE* Another recently-gotten-up scheme is being worked on stores which permit well-known customers to open accounts. A well-dressed and refined-looking young lady recently went into a Sixth avenue store, saying that she was the daughter of Mrs. ? (I have the name, but will omit it). Mrs. ? waa a wealthy customer whom ehe must have seen bny on credit, and noted the address and name. The girl bought (55doL worth of silk, which she wanted to take with her. The salesman told her it was customary to require references or identifica tion from parties unknown to them. Did she know any one in the neighbourhood who could identify her ? No. She had just come out of boarding-school. The salesman con sulted with the superintendent, and it was agreed to let her have the goods, when by accident it was discovered that she had given two different addresses. Nothing daunted, she acknowledged her mistake, and said the first address was the right one. How stupid of her! But she wa? unused to the city, and had another addre?G in her mind. Becoming suspicious, the salesman said the rules of the store would require him to send the goods. 'Oh, very well. Perhaps it would be more satisfactory to you, come to think of it,' she said, '.and it will suit me just as ' well, if I only get them by 7 o'clock this evening.' The goods were sent to the address given. The next day Mrs. ? went to the s'ore with the goods, saying she had not ordered them, and asked for an explanation. Inves tigation revealed that ' the girl just out of boarding school' bad purchased many other articles at other counters which she had taken with her. THE PRETTY ' PEN1TTWEEGHTEE.' But perhaps the cleverest of all shoplifters' tricks is the ' penny weighter' game. It is known but to few, and practised by a still smaller number, for it is a difficult one. It has been most successfully worked by a pretty little blonde with a baby face, blue eyes, curly hair, and the general appearance of a bewitching soubrette. Her professional name is 'Little Scotty.' She came to grief in Boston, and was given three years. Her mode of working is to go to a jewellery store and ask to be shown loose diamonds on a tray. She pretends to be very shortsighted, and bends over and very close to the tray, examining the diamonds through an eye-glass. She exposes her left hand so as not to be suspected, and at a propitious moment drops a one-carat diamond into the tray, and with her tongue, on the point of which she has pulverised alum, she licks up a two -carat diamond. She cannot find the exact counterpart of tbe one she wants to match (which she has not with her) and aroes into another store, where she exchanges her two-carat diamond in a similar manner for a three- carat, and so on ad bijinitwn. When she was caught she had started with with a one -carat diamond and had reached six and a half carats, making three or four hundred dollars in a few hours. AS TO KIEPTOMANIA. Store detectives say that there are com paratively few professional shoplifters in this city now, and once they are caught they disappear — as 6O0n as the law permits — and never return. They go to other cities. They say that supposedly respectable women now give them, more trouble than thieves. It requires much -more skill and discrimination to handle them, lest they might accuse an innocent person. They scout the theory of kleptomania, and say that not one woman in a thousand who steals does bo inadvertently. Physiologists, however, contend that there is such a thing as kleptomania, which they describe as a species of mental derangement coming under the head of 'volitional in sanity.' It is, they say, an inability to exert the will in accordance with the intellect. Although this theory would seem to be sustained by the fact that wealthy women have frequently been caught shoplifting', store detectives say that inquiries have re vealed the fact that euch women were not given the allowance of money by their hus bands that would enable them to dress as well as they wished to be. A ?woman, was caught stealing a 19 cent, knife in a Fourteenth street sto^e one day, who wore 5,000dol. or 6,0&0doV worth of diamonds. But she turned, out to be a professional thief. I found out, to my astonishment, that | there are comparatively few of our large I stores who employ detectives, the majority of them training their saies-gWaand floor* walkers to do lhat worXi gVUU 1 1 03^* one which, besides having a man detective, also employed a woman, who mixes amoner customers in full street costumev ^Qj fln sfcore. Inlets fife 6kiigU, dn3 ihose tfho are capbired are not always prosecuted. And this entails a loss to each first-class store which runs up into thousands, and which has a place in the ' profit and loss '' account. 