THE EAGLEHAWK FIRE BRIGADE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. -Yours, etc., ONE WHO WAS THERE. Sir, —In reply to Superintendent Day mend's letter in this morning's issue, I think it due to myself to state that in my letter which appeared in your issue of the 8th inst.- I quoted as my authority the report of the fire brigade meeting winch appeared in a Sandhurst paper of the 7th inst. The super intendent tolls mo I ought to have inquired as to the truth of it, and 1 did inquire, find i ing that tho report was given to the repre sentative of tho paper alluded to by the cap tain of the fire brigade. If this were not sufficient proof of tho correctness of tho re port, what would ho? Apart from this, however, was it necessary I should prove the truth of what appeared in the public print to which I referred? Do they not guarantee it by publishing it in their correspondence column? Is tho position improved by the superintendent’s dirolaimor? By no means. Shortly stated tho facts are these; —1st. Four men were at tho depot—Firemen Schofield, Harvey, Midson, and Koidlo. 2nd, An in quiry was hold into tho conduct of o.ily one , —Eeidlo—although of the four only one— Harvey—in tho writer's hearing, offered to turn cut, and ho only on condition that tho others would go also. Therefore, 'four men refused duty. 3rd. To say that thero were not onongh is bosh, for by tho rules of tho brigade only four aro allowed to travel in tho cab to a fire, and that number, the maximum, was there. One man 1ms started before to day when there was no cab, and why not thou. 4th. Tho member whoso conduot was inquired into was reinstated by tho brigade, although the matter had not yet boon con sidered by their superior officers. 5th. And finally, according to Superintendent Dia mond's disclaimer of this morning, they, through their ohiof officer, instigate an un truthful report of their superior officer's action to cover tho delinquencies of their members and blind the eyes of the public. A pretty position they have placed themselves in, Eaglohawk should bo fond of their firo brigade. To tho Bendigo Independent I offer my heartfelt sympathy. Poor Independent! 11* is'Torely doomed. How can it live when the Eaglofiawk firemen, in tho exercise of tho rigid boycott agreed upon, refuse to re ceive the enormous number of papers hitherto distributed amongst them and when they are not to bo honored (?) by the insertion of untruthful reports of tho firo brigade. As well give up tho ghost at once. Why con tinue the struggle for existence against such opposition in these dull times aud poorer firo brigades which resort to such contemptible conduct?- 