'' North Coast Rambles. TURNING THE;.O0Rtfl|B8yp]}Vi;£JlEj (By Sydney Mail Special Repobtbb', J: -F. H. ) 1 [?] HkreI am on the liquid snake of the North. j After.Ieaving the 'winding Yarra of Met- ! bourne, and striking the Biohmond River; of this colony, one-would think ..that New '.South Wales h'ad;not only peopled the pud-! Jooks over, the Murray, but also sent them! a sample of its meandering' streams. Bal-- Una is 20 miles from LismorB by road; Bothj on the Bichtnond. ? Ballina is at the mouth, : and Lismore at the head of navigation. To' reach either by steamer you traverse 75: miles of a beautiful river course. . '.Would' you out a canal to Lismore f' I asked a tired traveller. ' Tes,' came the restive: reply. ' Well, I wouldn't. ' I look at it, from an agricultural standpoint. The great; fertile flats of these rivers are within the influence ' of their banks. ?Twenty^iriilesj from Lismore to the Heads opens up 40: miles of water frontages, while the 75 miles of the crooked stream as it now steals' by the happy homos of thousands . of pooplo give an. irrigated frontage of 150 miles tor tbie sturdy yoomen settling the great 'sugar belt of the North Coast. ? . V:.t .. :??? I know that that old river' god, Captain: Jackson, of the Tomki, will drop a few poetic remarks on reading my eulogy of the sharp turns and tiresome reaches of the! wandering stream that benda out its courso to the river farmer. The above reference to the Tomki reminds me that the Rich mond River will never bear on- its waters vessels of greater tonnage. TeB, there is enough water, but the corners are thero, and no steamer of greater length can ever get her nose around them. The trade of this river must either be carried in a multiplied fleet of 600 tonnerp, or by rail or by train or drogher to Ballina as a port. As Lismorn, the capital of tbis river. and its arms, will always be the central collect ing . limb, and as its shipping by water must be limited, I' predict Ballina as its port, with a light line of railway from the head- quarters to tho «a at this point. . Let me tell. the dwellers on the Eiohmond that shipping must first be produced, and in tho production lie the prosperity and solidity of a district. If our river has done you good service ; stick to it as one of the best agricultural streams of its length any where. All you grow ? will be got away, and cheaply too. Don't go' and worry youtself and get broken-hearted because you can't ship yourhard-earned wealth in- one 2J0OO ton ship' instead of four. 500-ton vessels, anddon't- fret beoausa jour beautiful- city of Lismore cannot bo as largo, as Sydney, nor that Ballina cannot be the poitof the North: - You must go.right along, and sea if you cannot make £20/instead of £10 per 'acre on your land with- the same amount of labour and expense, ? and your farm1 and district will ease ahead just at that rate. If every farmer doos the same, tho. outside world will stand with its eyes looking like a looking-plass-i and its teeth shining like an ivory crosscut saw, trying ,to contem plate your success ; while shipping com panies will be falling over each ..other tryiHg to get at your products to hnul. Realise the above, and you will get a glimpse of what industry is, and real live competition moaus.. 'Taking tho depth of your soil by its strata . on your river's banks, I think you have ono- of the deepost, strongest, and most fertile soils in the colony. Its value and productiveness are attested by the fact that tho .Colonial Sugar Company planted its biggest mill at Broad water, right in the midst of you. The Colonial Sugar Company is a straight going concern, and has saved many a man bankrupting himself by keeping his mind and money away from . ,, the sugar- mill business. But. one cannot help thinking that you Bichtnond- people might have formed a co-operative mill among your selves with a capital largo enough to havo put up the best mill and employed the best man as a manager. Then tho large profits -would have been yours. But voii ' can never get farmers together for real businnsa. They are most united when attending to somebody else's business. .They'll roll up at a political mooting, and work as a unit for thoir candidate. There the unit ends. I. will, for a second, turn myself into a co-operative sugar mill. You go in with me and see if it is worth while. I am a corporation of 400 sugar farmers, paving an average of £200 each into the fund. That eivos me £80,000. . The whole, outfit of a first-class plant will not cost £50,000. Steam tugs and punts cost about £15,000. This leaves me a. reserve fund of £15,000. I now havo a mill as complete as that at Broadwater, though, perhaps, not so large. I also have £80,000 worth of property on which to raise £20,000 if necessary, making my capital £100,000. I am now prepared to transact business on tho same lines as tho company. Well, what do they do ? They pay you Richmond farmers, at. best, 12s 6d per ton for cauo, and it takes about 12 tons of cane to the ton of sugar, I believe. : I am told so. Eor that 12 tons you get £7 10s. ' For that ton of sugar the company gets £21 odd, bosides the treacle, distillery stuff, and manure from the surplus not used in the direct manufacture of the sugar. I am not able to givo you the exact figures of the amount of rum, overproof spirits, and 'company's mauure' obtained from your 12 tons of cano in addition to the ton of Bugar, but its value is a large factor in the 10 per cent, dividends declared and heavy amounts carried to the reserve fund. If I told you that ? a com pany, with a capital of £1,500,000, had ;a reserve fund, in properties, of over £3,500,000, you'd, 'perhaps, think I/wjis verging on to a ' snake yarn.'. I am not. If I told you. also, that, al'tor declaring ' a dividend of 10 per cent, for tho year, and buying somo 12,000 acres ,pf. laud, ovor £250,000 was oarried forward by a augur company to its reserve fund for tho sanio year, you'd perhaps putyour hand in your pocket to soe if ymr last shilling was thoro yet. Still I believe such is the custv Where does it oome from ?;?? After paying you £7 10s for 12 tons of caue, the com pany at your door has its product at' £21 fora ton of refined sugar, 'and the raw spirits, rum, and manure ' to boot ' ; the cost of producing which,. including interest, on capital, cannot 6'xui'od iuin'lhur £7 TO.-).. I thus roughly estimato that tho Colonial Sugar Compuny gets a not profit of' about £7 10s at leust on each 12 tous of cane you soil it. I am not writing agaiust tho wealthy corporation , at your doors,.., Tbu company has been a developer of your district. From what I have -; boom; eight men out of ten who havo stuck to chu Broadwator mill, have mado monuy. You can easily grow 40 tons of two- years caue to the acre with' only one year's work, excepting, one ' thrashing '. tho sonond year. ' A.t 12s 6d per ton it yields ymi £25, or £12 10s per year, whilo 40 bushels . of maize at the high price of 3s per bushel will only realise £6. This muizn must be grown everv year, harvested, bagg«d. au-l brought to market. Tho company will relieve you of all that at thoir oxpouse, and pays you Is per too. for curtate to the rivur bank. But all of you sugar- growers ate .comfortable, livowell, have choerful'homoa, and give all the' outward' uppeiranoe of your gem&mmtiti-; 'zwtiwii ? ~; ? \- Did you ever run moaiory back .a. few ypsre po se« if yout^distriot isgoiug ahead f ?Look at Ballina,' thV Plo%fcsqu9l?tb-ni !«*) RiohmondHfladB. Do you know; how she looked m'gOT'' years' 'ago P'''Tb.'e' carpenters and builders'havebeen at work there, and, in the last six years, havo almost ohoked out the littlo township with.tbe large one; '? My woid, how B'aUina n'a's'growb 1' siys tiuj returniog pi p'digal. ? Yes, the ratable property of the little paddock is now about £150,000, and the ratable value over £6000, and^about TQOO telegraphic messages . flash oyef the wires from them yearly. But the same is true up 'the river. They haven't exactly painted .tbe town of Woodburn red, but they've freshened 'It up.''*lfanoy I see the old traveller smiling and saying to him self, ' Woodburn a township.!!.' .,Yes; the old rookeries are going, and fine.' business houses are going up, and ; its growing on both sides of the river. . :? ' ' ? ?'? Ohecaunot fully appreciate , the growth of these districts until the bounding town shipa; nlpnpi^he -rivers wake his sluggish senses and fairly take his breath away. The inoreased steamboat service shows what is going on also ; two boats daily from Wood burn to most anywhere, and at reasonable prices, while an improved line of penny punts oross the river, thus keeping, one from wearying and wasting time, is the way the new order of things reads. ..They run a sort of circular ferry at Coraki where the two arms of the river divide and begin their long winding reaches. The north arm goes, on by Lismore, while the south arm winds its vvatery embrace about Casino. Coraki is about 40 miles from the Heads, and almost in the centre of the Richmond River district. All goods by Bteamer for Casino are landed here and . forwarded on by drogher, or slow steam-tug for freight, transport. There is also a coach from Coraki to Casino. Here is a large sawmill of Mr. W. Yabstey, Mayor of the munici pality. I mention this because Mr. YabBley has, I think, next Mr. Yeager, the largost ' and most complete sawmill on this river and its arms. Mr. John White also has his soapwoiksat Coraki. These, with the big stores of 0. J.M'Rae, ,Q. A, Jeffries, and othors, and the appearance of a new hotel on the scene, and a large one, too, tell the absent dweller of the Richmond that people are not : leavins, but ? coming ; that houses are' not decaying and falling down jfpr want of occupants, but small ones are being hauled down and larger ones going up, while the paint-brush has been pulled across the face of the /older structures to make them look ' abreast of the times. This all shows progress. I am aware that the old crawling, loafing store keeper is still loafing and- grumbling, be cause younger and livelier men are making the pace' warm' for him; but growth- means young, new life, and thatalwavsgoesahead. Taking the advice of mine host; 'Pat 'Quaih, of the' hotel, to go via Casino to Lismore, I- mounted the coach at night, and was soon;in the wake of a six- mile series of dead cattle, and the perfumed breezes from them crossing or lining the road. 'Along this line the people have variedthe monotony of maize apd sugar far nr'ng with the dairy. This is not the richodt land from a caue standpoint, but for cereals, grasses, and dairy purposes it is excellent. By the time you have driven over a few.hond of cows sleeping jn the road at night, your thoughts are a bit up set and disjointed, hence I have passed the cow and hnr'product lightly. When, how ever, I look around in -vacant space and can't light on a single butter : or cheese , factory, I feel that someone is doing this fine district a wrong. You are reminded of the fact a second time, when' you face the butter at your hotel table. If I were a Casino ghost, I'd haunt somo of thoae people until a butter factory shot its bead up somewhere among those tireless gum scenes about there. I suppose the Casino people are so busy casting their statistics and business, to keep up with the growth of their nervous, expanding city, that they are afraid to stop thinking about it fora minute for fear of losing ground. Sitting on the' broad verandah of1 Porker's large hotel— an hotel that would do credit to Sydney — I tried to remember the shanties that nestled about this street some few years ago. In fact, I tried to see enough of the old Casino to convince me that the new one was a legitimate growth and not a sudden revelation. I couldn't make much ' headway. ? After doing a constitutional around my hotel, I went down for a stroll through Gulley's big store, and nearly got lost. I had to almost call for a map'to'get. out of the late M.L.A. Crouch's 'Trade Palace,' too. Then I turned up in the backyard. Mr. Crouch is mayor, and is justly i proud ;of the large and spacious Town Hall of the municipality. The School of Arts here is, with the exception of Grafton, the largest and the most com plote oh the four rivors. They have, in Casino, almost every facility fordoing any thing except flour-milling, sugar-milling, muizeua-milliug, or buttor-muking. They have tauklod' everything nearly but the natural and homo-growu products. They make boots, and buggios, and ploughs, and other instruments, &c;, but are deficient where the best profits be. A largo trade is done through this portal, with the large and well to do number of people about. I am told that' times are bad, but I find that those who have not started business with a suit of mortgages and other hau'dicaps have always dono well, and aro prosperous now. It is the merchant who '-carries ' . people, and the man thus carried that suffers, and justly too. Said a pi.ominont gentleman to me, ' I came here a stranger with lens than £100, and could have got over £500 credit. A man, gottihg a salary of £350 a year, goes at the rate of £600. That is not right, and someone must inuko up to the storekeeper. for it.' So they must, and it fallson tho hon«st faimeraml tradesman. Here's the way about half the 1280 sol nctors started, us given by one n'lio knows : — ' A man coinea here and takes up his full com-. plimeut'bf'i280 acres -with £5U. He bor-, rows tho. moitoy for tho balancn, ns iioH.dwl, and works right into the banks or ''store- keeper. He's onlv an honest but unenp scionsduiniuy. . tie, must guuudor, I've got illy oyu ou one or two pluuua. I'll get one, of;, them, and I'll get it cheaper, than I could from the Government.' WpII, thi' hns hp«n pning nn fnr'lft or 12 years, i'iio ' district ia uow eating buck through thi:; (load noise to. life .again, a:td now Casino is looking up. It is a bright town,' and i« a good barumotor to the for tilo plain about it. ? The plnno trees which the London County Council are now causing to be planted in lloseberv-avenuo cost, it ap ' pours, half a guinea apiece. To this has betm addud ISs 6d each for tho necessary tree- guards. Farmors in wa~t of any kind of Iliirno'sr.in bo supplied satisfactorily and promptly by \V. NorOirott, Lismore.* F. Firtlay -wishes tojinform tho public that' he is a practical watchmaker, -nd can mmko any part or portion of a watch'.* ; Every rrquisito in the leather lino for finm and btuticu work can be obtainod from Nortli oott's Tradp, Palace, Lismore.* / . ? ' !AH df- Finlay's watch; ropair8- give perfect satisfaction. Ask anybody who has tried !lflnV.?i: :!;.!. ,.?:?;? ?'u-i'J'A- iV-\\.'..'. '1 :. ' 