Althouoh Ibe Minister ot Public Works has introduced a measure for the amendment of the Local G-ovcrnment Act in the direction of substituting fire for tliree per cent, as tbe basis of properly for rating purposes, there are still very ' fcrare doulils as to tbe fate of tbe Bill nt the hands of personally interested members of both brandies of the Legislature. It therefore beliorcs the municipalities to keep up a regular fusillade of a^ita* lion in order that tlic h inJs of the 1 Government may be strengthened — that they may be encouraged to push the measure forward with as little delay «s possible, and thai wavering members may be enlightened a* to wliut public opiuiou on the question really , is. It is absurd to r^l in n false security, aud to imagine that all the Government has to do is to introduce the Bill and puss it through all its stages without trouble. The Lower House cannot be expected to be unnuimously well-disposed towards it, aud certainly tho Council will contain a hornet's nest of hostility. The origiu of the three per cent, trouble must not bo forgotten, nor the fight which resulted in the forty per cent, reduction being made law. It w&b; tho Legislative Council that changed the fire into a three, and when the Assembly objected to the amendment, tbo Upper House insisted upon it, and threatened to throw out tho whole J3HL if those in 'another plk^e** diS' notf'withdraw the opposi-' tion. T^o . me^ure, contained many valuable' provisions aud much-ncoded reforms, ' and'' Vather than throw it; amoDgftbc xh^olic Jieajv of slain inno cents', 'ilie throe *pol*xcnt. pill was! swallowed; - 1 1 3Hie - amendment ? was a | mistake— *-to- some« -4-ut arc our rale- 1 payers -and jcpfiUciHoris .foolish enough j to imagine thai' tho gentlemen who 1 insisted upon its becoming law did not j know very well what its eftpo't would j beP Of course they did, or thoy would not have assumed such a determined attitude . towards the Assembly when tho latter disagreed. Now,, after the fight of last session, is itimagrnedliie lTpper House members are going to tacitly admit the error of. their ways, and stand corrected by passing a Bill reinstating the five per pent basis. It is mosfc_ unlikely they will -do *0.: £hey. will Jwlher say the. altered bfmiB has not, co far, litul a fair Iriil, because it has not bseen fully enforcod. Therefore, continuous agita tion should be tho . policy of the municipalities. In our last Saturday'* issue we tolly enume'nAsd^BdisaBlrous ,consbq[p'ence8 likely to . Atiso from -? the present^&W;, which' will redfice the aonnal value ot ^op^rties by 40 per oent, except in thp^ cases where .the actual rental -vaLge is above three per cent The i^tf allows two bages «f f^luation^hB: rental value and three pe^«ent on4he. capital value. b^oubo : jwprth' £1000 let at, eay,[&5s. por week, wotfld rbe valued at iabe|';^.nnuil value J^ual lo fire per. cent, oif ^ lhe~*renta3' basis ; bat a piece of land worth £1000 would come under the three per cent., «s-there would be so rent equal to-the capital Tj&ue;'&s; a'gutdc; so that ^the^ house property would pay rates on £50, and the land on £30, which woald mean, on a shilling rate, £2 10s. to £l~ 10s. Batepayers do not fully understand tho evil as yet, we are iafiiaid, or they would bestir themselves more thati they do. '? if any are |m&er.; the delusion that they will pay less in rates this year. So a minority will; but; tho burden/ lifted frqm : the shoulders of the latter will be put on th'e great hulk' of ratepayers who will be called upon to pay wore rates this year than last. Here it is in figures — £2000 at five per cent, gives £100; now we will apportion that sum under the present A-Jt for the purpose, of illustration — Improved property, value £1000, at five per ccnt. on rental, £50, which on a Is. 4d.' rate amounts to £3 8s. 8d. per annum in rates; unimproved property, value £1000, at three per cent, on minimum allowed by the Act, £30, amounting on the same rate to £2. Thus there is a difference of £1 8s. 8d. in rates between the two modes of valuations. 2?ow, if we presume that many such reductions would cause the | council to make up the loss by increas ing the rate from Is. id. to Is. 6d., the result would be that the improved 1 property would pay d^Ts, 4d., and the I unimproved properly £2 10s. Thus while the former's burden is increased j by 18s. 8d. the Iattcr's is decreased by that amount, notwithstanding that the 1 rale has been raised by fourpcnce in j the £. This is a very serious matter to property holders, more particularly the smaller ones; and the injustice only requires to be understood to be almost unirersally condemned. We would therefore urge upon the mayors and presidents of the various munici palities to convene meetings of their constituents in order that the rate payers may learn and inwardly digest the fate that is awaiting them unless the Act is amended. The Prahran council haviug followed our .lead in veutilating the question at its last meeting, Jtayor Maddoce would now do well to iuiliale a series of meetings 1 so that the public might be educated and the Legislature morcd by the out ward and visible sign of a vigorous agitation. Municipal election business in St. Kilda is dull, the only indication ot a elir being in the South ward, where, it having been definitely settled that Gr. Jennings will not ask for a renewal or confidence, cx»Cr.G. Connibere, J.P. ; and Dr. Rinder will contest the vacancy, while it is probable ex-Cr. Gray and Mr. H. Stokesberry will come foiward. No new move bas been made in Frabran up to tbe present, the only definite candidate in the field, besides lbc retiring members, being Mr. C. E. Connop, who will endcarouT to securc the South Varra scat now occupied by Cr. Watson. Mr. Connop, who may be classed as on old identity in local muni cipal circles, bas come forward in response to a requisition, attached to which are over 1G0 names of leading and inflacutial citircns. The secretarial duties have been entrusted to Mr. F. E. Gray, who may be relied upon to encrgeticaliy push the can didate's interests. At Malvern Mr. W. G. Walker, J.P., is already fairly in the field for the Western riding, now represented by Cr. Erans. Mr. Walker, who means business, is meeting with a large measure of influential support, the services of the popular Mr. T. W. Kendall aud Mr. 1£. O. Wiles having been secured as sec retaries. The candidate will meet bis friends and &upportcis; at the shire hall on Monday evening, when probably there will be a large and enthusiastic gathering. Mr. W. H. Nicholls, who is a resident of the district for 20 years, intends to give Cr. Stillman a run for the Central riding. lie may be truthfully de6cribed as the ' prac tical candidate,' as hie long connection with the building lindc, and the incidental iusight into engineering conucctcd there with, has nnde him an. expcit in these matters, the knovvlud^e of which is &o; valuable to a councillor. Mr. Kicholls is also a large property. holder iu the riding, and consequently iis advancement is to his dircct pecuniary interest. The, candidate hns received mauy re-assuring promises of support, and reckons he cau win. It is cetlainly about time the example set by Messrs. Connop. KicholU, and Walker wa-- followed by other intending condidatcs, as nomination day is f:-6t approaching, being now little woro than a month distaut. Op all tu-: !M,s that fliisli'is heir to, those connected with the teeth arc the haidest'to boar, and it is very satisfactory to realise the odvnncc that mudern science has made in mioiml-injr the disagreeable fcat -ureswnnecl'H-with dental ojmMUonp. Wc won: much strucl at n late visit with the extent and complctenoB uf the appliances in the operating room of Mr. W. 6. Harber, surgcou dentist, of High-street, 8t. Kilda, between Alma-road and the. Savings Bank, which strongly reminded us of some of the best dentists in America, who lead tbe world in this branch of science. Tiic oper ating chair, imported by Mr. Harber from Philadelphia, is a marvel of ingenuity nnd adaptability, constructed so as to be placed nt any height and in any position by the turn of a screw aud the twist of a lever, 'and to afford ' the patient all' the comfort possible in the painful situation. The various tools arc all of the best make, from the dental engine to the tiniest sa-v. all the rcsaltof inveutivc study intended to give the most effective results with the very least possible pain. Mr. Barber has also a complete plant for the manufacture of laughing gas, the greatest of blessings to the Guffcrer, which he is '-thus enabled to supply with the ccrtaintyHh&t; it will be of th.e ^tmost purity made. possible by all the precautions of chemloai^eieuce, liis work shop for platework is fitted up oa the pame scale of completeness -in every detail, with vnlcapiscr, gold rollers, ^lathes, etc.; so that it will be seen he is mechanically equipped with the best appliances Jo every direction for all branches of bis;jwork, while his education nndcr liamford,ttf Collins-street, and his thirteen years* successful practice sinco, arc a guarantee that he is fully com ncUmt Uj do the best j-ossib1e work with the' advantages with' WlReh he has sur rounded himself. The cur librarian acknowledges the receipt -of the following pictures from Mr Wilson, senior, towards tbe PrAbran Art Gallery 'Twixt Love, and Wealth,' 14 Clipper Ship Close Baiiled ' (water color by, Uregory), 'Scotch ^Collie' (peucil sketch), 'The Merry ^onks,' 'Good Old Tory,' and the companion ' pictures 14 Up. ' and ''frown?' ' 'Mr. FranK Kmsar contri butes a second painting, .'.Kangaroo Shooting near Blackwood,** and is engage^ on. a larger work for tho gallery. The' Working Men's Institute drawing class also contributes « ''Heafl bf fe Female,' and Mr. W. Dpbberteen. whose works are very favorably known ra the city, will shortly commence a. painting destined to find a permanent home in the gafiery. A. number of leading business men have promised to contribute, and when tho gallery assumes a little more finished appcarancc we shall give a detailed notice of its contents, A HOLIDAY -8CAMFJEB through Sarope has been the pleasant aix-montbs* experience of Mr. Arthur Day. th e 'svjll^no.wp. ; smgeori^ dentist, of ? 299 HraTstreet, St Kilda,' ''Mf.' Day' has ? just'Ttjfurnbd from this most enjoyable trip, in the conne of which he.' did' the Bonthfsrji^part of Europe to -his entire aatisrataon* After some stay in England, he joojieyed by way of Pam/lbrough that lpreliest ot regions^ &e; feutS^ot^ranoef* embiifilng InjjhtBj conm^Mantelllcs, ^ice, M^nl»ne,aiid3thV ?Biviera.\ ^ l!iienc^r tor; the jjlount' fPtafe* .tunnel he Wiyelled tpjhe Sternal Oi0|and~ S N»plei j^ingVjlflB urelySview Draie| inarvels of^tth ^pliSes, notaorg^ggva] visit to thria&cnifi;'njns o?1^pcii.^rpfir this agreeable oatlng, the mere suggestions of which are enough to excite agreeable visions in the imagination of the most confirmed globe-troUer, Mr. Bay has .come, back jvithfresh .vigour to the .service of his numecous clientele. He has -Associated with him his brother, Mr. Harry Day, (who has acted as manager for him during his absence) as partner, under the style of ftfcssrsl Bay and Day, at No. 299 0atc **0. 8) High-street, St. Kilda, where he will be happy to see bis clients. t i A. BPflriiAi! idbiAEOTroNiJjy: means bf j I envelopes ' was ? made' ; in' the - Wesleyan churches in tbe St. Kilda_ ..circuit Jast danday, in aid of the distress relief fund, with the following result : — Fitzroy-street, £9 7s. ; Balaclava, £7 0s. lOd. ; Elstcrn wick, £4 4s. 9d, Total, £20 12s. 7d. Tbia^ amount 'Tjas'T-eeri* Iorwarded to tbe^tr Kilda Ladies' ? Uenerolcnt, fiocioty for dis tribution as may he deemed proper. Mbs. r AnTHua' Pabkbb, ? wife of the genial medical officer of tbe Prahran Medical Institute, has been induced by a number of friends, who are desirous of availing themselves of'hcr tuition on the pianoforte and in the culture of the voice, to establish classes for instruction in those arts. Mrs. Parker, who is a certificated pupil of' Mr. 'Julias Here and Madame Fanny Piraonsen, formerly held a leading place amongst music teachers and earned an excellent reputation as a succcssfal instructor,* so that there will, probably, be many who will be anxious to avail them selves of her services. Information as to Mrs. Parker's terms may be obtained at Glen's, Collins-6trcct, or at her rcsidcncc, ' Clover Nook,' Porter-street, Prahran. BEIKO CAUGHT NATPINO is not a characteristic of the proprietary of this joumtl j but something very near it occurred after the sitting nt the St. Kilda polioc court on Tuesday when the chairman of the bench (Mayor Marriott), in the magistrates' room, invited bis fellow justices aud other geutlcmen to honor n toast, which proved to be that of ''the health of the popular and spirited pro prietor and editor of the JSt. Kilda Adrt'.r ther, Mr. J. M. Yelland, on lbc occasion of his 36th birthday.' The magistrates showed a disposition to temper justice with mercy in their kindly reception of the toast ; while Mr. J. N. Browne, town clerk of St. Kilda, was glad that, tbe anniversary re ferred to was not the GOtb, which would have perhaps invoiced 'Superannuation. Cr. Moore, having aB usual an eye for a joke, while regretting the absence of the gentleman whose health had been honored, was sorry that there was not a 'Fred. Leslie telephone ' laid on which would have enabled him to participate in the toast per wire. [It's a lively slate of affairs when a bench of magistrates de liberately adjudicate npon a case in the absence of the defendant as they have done in this instance. However, as it j.s. their ' first offence ' so far as ' wc arc con cerned, wc will let them oS with acaution. seeing that thev were actuated by a worthy motive, the spirit of which wc thoroughly appreciate. U is highly gratifying to us 1 to know that a good feeling exists between ourselves and the St. Kilda bench, and it will be (he editor 6 aim to prove worthy of the compliment bestowed on him on Tues day by an endeavour to further cement the cordiality existing. — Ed]. The Balaclava Masonic Lodge had a large attendance at their monthly meeting on Tuesday last in the town hall, there being some sixty members and visiting brethren present. W.M. liro. Tompsitt S resided, with Bra. Bobinson, acting S.W., ro. Stokesberry, J.W. The lodge was worked in the second and third degrees, a brother from the -Brighton Lodge being raised to the second by the courtesy of tbe W.M. Bro. Davies, P.M., of Austral Lodge of Melbourne, assisted in the thini degree, I and contributed an exposition. The lodge ' adjourned from labor to refreshment at a little before 10 pm.,whcn the customary toasts were honored. I The MUNICIPAL valuation question to which wc directed pointed attention last Saturday has been the subject of both municipal debate and parliamentary effort tbis week, and there is hope that a Bill introduced in tbe Legislative Assembly to amend the law will ultimately pass both Houses; though the fear is that it may be too late in the session to remedy the mis chief this year. In ucxt Wednesday's issue wc propose to publish a skclch of what has been done, and also open up another aspect of the case, showing that there will pro bably be a decrease of 20 per cent net on the value of property thi6 year in addition to the artificial decrease on the large estates. Dn. Thomas Black, J.P., of « Cintra,' Chapel-street, St. Kilda. to whom wc re ferred in our issue of Wednesday as having entered upon the ninetieth year of his age on the. proceeding day, is one of the few remaining landmarks of the early days. The oM gentleman's name has always been identified with the progress of the colony and many of our successful public in stitutions one (heir origin . to him, notably ih£-Bimk nf Victoria, of which he is the founder. He was also the initiator of the Medical SiM-iety of Victoria, nnd the originator of the Zoological Gardens ; while the noble monument created by the people rf Victoria to the memory ot the inte Gorn-rtl Gordon owes its existence to - ourng--d friend, who was tho fir^t to sng gc*t nud contribute to that object. ' Though now cuicred upon bis 'ninetieth .year, the doctor irujoyK fairly good health, ami his. wonted interest in all that pertains lo the welfare of the colony rcm iins itnabatu \\. 1 Me converses as freely as ever, and despite 1 his dcfcctjvc bpriug oucjinds it a pleasure I to have a chat with the friendly, frank, j aud kiud-huurtud old gentleman, whom wc I trust will still Jong be s;arcd to enjoy ] what evidently is with him at this period — j 'a green old age;' which is the certain ' outcome of a life well spent, ; Sevebal of thk youthful Caulfield : councillors, who like the sound of their own voices, arc exceedingly wrath atr truthful comments upon their hobWcdc boyishness which have appeared in this journal. We arc 'nWatc that the presence of our representative at the Oaulfield council meetings is not welcome ; the light of publicity is not a desirable; quantity where the secrecy of committee is a leading principle and where boyish nonsense is tiabblcd forth in abundance at 'the open council meetings.-' It has been slated that our adverse comments arc owing to the, systcp pf boycott^ ,whi?b is practised .towards bsiin thc'Vay of'.Arivertisemcnte, but as the shire only pays the cut-throat price of Is. per inch- for/its advertisements wc do not feel the drain upon our purse airings very severely.' '^Vhat we 'desire, in the iutcrcits of tbe ratciiaycrJ, is the re placement of iwb-tbirds 'of tbe present council by hnsincss men. Tiie,J1ayoe OF PKAHnAh' jit the 'meet ing of the council on Monday denied -the- statements .that have been made to the cfTccl that thousands of the unemployed are ''compelled to sleep out nl night. He and the town clerk had the previous week joined in a midnight excursion, to dcGnilely ascertain.how many oHb'e pdpulalion were absolutely shelterless. They thoroughly examined tanks and boilers on tho wharves, and searched the Flagstaff and Filxroy Gardens, the fitjjdlcy, Fawkncr, otid : 'Albert -* Panes', J - Varra banks, and Richmond paddock,, and only discovered 34 persons sleeping out, and but four of these were Worthy of assistance. .Afi Mn.,tf. ?. ClaBKB was, in conform ity with tbo rules of tbe'conocil, appointed Prahrau librarian on h three months1 probation,. 'It beoame necessary at tho meeting of. the council on Monday to confirm the appointment, which was done with that rapid unanimity which is born of entire - approval. Cr. Osment spoke most enlogi6tically of -Mr. Clarke's proved qualifications for the position, while Cr. Kllia in a tone of relief exclaimed ' tbe right man is in the right place at last' ' ' is these TIMB8 when every one is more ; or ~less 'hard up -for the --needful, it is pleasant to chionicle-the reUiraed^ood^ fortune' of one -2 IBErold identities, Mr. Phillip Heckseber, of Malvern, who iike many other speculatora ba&Mg;^^^dly from the unland reyeriSxttajimwortune. The wayward; ^ again smiled npon him r4 ^aymg^^^md ^ ^ n j hjA3s 2000 £haffe'1n.^§ft WilmofEsOBiflfi Gold Mini Dg-Oom piny, and foriiClWt#* years lJd. c2u§i&n; them, uven uontSAgo their marketable value wm a hnm^^fSxpence, but=Wl£Btn^tbe last five months the claim has had a streak of lack, and is now paying a dividend gf 9d. per share. Consequently from a poor man our friend into a well-to-do mining speculator. Heckscher, your hand; we congratulate you. ^ All tbe councils interested except frahran haying agreed to hand over to Lbc Alfred Hospital the fever camp equipments as an unconditional gift, Mayor Maildock, who is a member of the hospital board of rmahkgem£at1 prates ifi itiljhe lastlnfeefuig iihe | Prahran fconw4^ ) to bang; jthe. ^matterbefore liis ?cblteagnesion tUjeibiaml by notice of motion. What^tbc council e«t'is tbsTihe'ms'nttgefi ol Iho tulion' shall give an assurance .that, In .view of the whole of the fever camp ^lant being banded over, patients from the district ftHl~1iavC~a' p'tfOrTil&lm;'toTidmtttauccTTr the future. Tbe managers, itis.understood, ate willing to'anive at a distinct under standing to that effect, and probably Mayor Maddock's motion will finally dispose of the difficulty. The becent matobal festivities at Prahran were alluded lo .at the council meeting on Monday when Cr. Forbes, on behalf of the council, congratulated the mayor and mayoress on the musical treat and social gatbering tbat bad been afforded thecitieens. 'Cr. Turner likewise added a few ? suitable remarks, -and the* mayor replied that if the guests bad enjoyed them selves, Mi's. Maddock and himself were well rewarded, as their pleasure on the occasion was in the enjoyment of those around them. Tub PsABBAn council is making considerable progress in collecting the current rate. At the meeting on Monday it was reported £1836 4s. Sd. bad been collected during the fortnight, inbking a' total to date of £30,710 7^., and leaving an outstanding balance of £G691 17s. Tbe total receipts amounted lo £2013 17s. lid., and expenditure lo £1140 5s. 6d., showing a credit bank balance of £2533 Is. 7iL _ - Among- tbe many new advertisers who jnakc their .bow to our readers to-day is. Mr. T. A. Wilson, herbalist, of G87 Chapel street, South Yalta, below the irain sheds. Mr. Wilson has been in 1 raclicc many years and is acknowledged to be par ticularly successful in all diseases incidental to either 6ex. In this line of business the quack frequently predominates ; .so that. it. may be useful to some of our readers to know df a really genuine advertiser. Mr. Wilson may be consulted gratis, cither peisonally or by letter. A compant of itinerant public enter tainers contemplate giving a concert at Prahran next week ' in aid of charity funds' — whatever that means. Tbe local public have had aboot a surfeit of this kind of charity craze now, and until ^ these ' Helping Hand M philanthropists enlighten us as to the exact nature of the charity they purpose aiding we would request the local public to treat their appeal with caution. It has oocorrcd at Prahran before to-day that a concert has been announced in aid of ' a widow and orphan.' the enterprising promoter of the show acting the dual part of ' widow and orphan and he actually managed to secure the patronage of the then mayor and .council lors, who were much disgusted when they learnt of the imposture in these columns at the time. Wc do not even insinuate that the concert announced for next week is of this nature; but we unhesitatingly say that tho public of Prahran having ' been there before ' require something less vague than the mere catch-line ''in aid of charity funds;' and until the promoters of the entertainment in question become more explicit our readers would do well to look out for a more satisfactory channel for the exhibition of their philanthropy. A GENEBous donob having contributed £500 towards the extinction of the debt on Holy Trinity Church, Balaclava, on condition that a like amount is raised by other means, a series, of. cnterlaiumeuts have taken place;with this object in view, and already close upon £300 of thcrcquircd j sum is iii hand. It is proposed to putfoith . fresh efforts to make up the balance, and with this cod in view Dr. W. H. Knibling's I sympathies have been enlisted. On. Thursday-^ evening next the doctor will deliver bis popular lecture on ' Garibaldi,' at the - schoolroom, the proceeds bciog in aid of the object just stated. The doctor s.iw actual 6crvice iu that famous campaign, 'and bis reminiscenccs are intensely intcrLStiug. The cbait will 'be taken by 'the' mayor of St, Kilda, Cr, R. Marriott. Toe Pbauban Soup Kitchen bas fully justified its existence, a large amount of 1 relief of the kind most needed having been 1 rendered by. this useful institution. That I charitably-disposed lady, Mrs. A. C. Mac- 1 donald, of Punt-road, Prahran, deserves Kpccial credit for the exertions she has put j torlli in regard to the movement, nud 1 there arc hundieds of the indigent poor who ! are to-day tinging her praises, as well as | those of liie secretary. Miss Nihil), aud the many ' other bcucvolcut ladies who are engaged in tbis noble work. This district is highly favortd in having so many Indies with their hcarls brimming over with philanthropy, and who show thr.l they rccogni-c the meaning of the Scriptural injunction^' Inasmuch as vc have done it uutoouciif lbc lcasttof these,. my brethren, ye have done it unto Me.' It is such practical religion as this that commends itself to the world. Ouc ounce of it is worth tons of pniyeis and Sermons, how ever long or goud-iuieutioned they may be. At tiib mekti.n-0 of the St. Kilda A.N A. on Tuesday, Mr. A. Solberg, president, in the chair, thcie was n fair attendance. The half-yeaily hnlnnce-shcet showed the lodge to be in a healthy finan- ! cinl condiiion, the indebtedness of the | incidental and the t-lrk nnd funeral fund i haviug been lowered during the past six months; while there is now a total niern bciship of 88. A Iwillot ivas taken for two members of, the committee, tho representa tives of the local press noting as scrutineers, which resulted in.lhc election of Messrs. Cannon and King. The feature (if the evening was the reading of a paper by Mr. A. V. Kemp, vice-president, on ' The Depression.' Mr. Kemp, in a 20 minutes' reading, which showed great intelligence of perception and clearness of thought, threw all the blame on the Land Boom, in which men of good reputation had lent themselves to shady oppjations, and by whicli We badout-paced'onf ontural growth and attracted people from agriculture to the cities. The strike he considered a factor bul not a first cause. The effect of encouraging the ; building trade and neglecting all others was tfiat now all engaged in the trade and others depending on it were suffering. The remedy he con-, sidered to be in land settlement -and 'co-opcraffon.' Mr. Kemp treated 1 'Tits' subjcot concisely, with a thorough grasp pf its phases and a steady coherence of -UioughL— A-shoit-discua6ion«^auBacd, in which Messrs, George Vale Linton, JL Apps, W, n, Ilarlley aud the4 president took part, and after much favourable comment, aud the hope that the paper would Jjft4.bc, /orc-i^ipner of othcis from the members,' uie meeting closed with -a vole of thanks to Mr, Kemp, An evisking of music, song, and slory will be given la -the Prahran Town-hall on Thursday evening, 28th inst., by the Bethel Harmony Club, when Mayor ; Maddock will preside. The proceeds of the entertainment will be devoted to aiding the funds of the Windsor Indepen dent Church, and an excellent programme has been prepared, including no less than 24 numbers, which -will be performed by ladies and gentlemen who have sacoaedcd in gaining a reputation as amateur artists of ability. Mr. D. M. Lyon willconduot, Mr, W. H. Gregory will officiate at the organ, and the accompanist's duties will be fulfilled, by Mrs. G. W. Gregory. Judging from the large sale of tickets the affair 1 promises to be a financial as well as an | artistic success, j ~ The SiC^KnjDA iAteraiy ~Asso3a\ion met last Monday-cveningin -the Alma-road Congregational 6choo1room,when Mr. H,-D. Toid'gave an Interesting paper entitled ' The Advance and Attack of Tel-el-Keber.' The essayist 'dwelt npon the eummnding: characteristics of Tel-ci-Ket»rj^cip^^the sagacity of the English genfimjn qjmslng the time-he did to attack; usoiigDn the details of^the English .jcommyderisfolan, whlchwiirovtaed for^very^j&ntin;'gency, either of soco&S; or faflurc,and3he conduct ofrthefclaekjfratcb (ttte 42ndfligblAndere) during ttieaUiflik-: Atjsome Mr«?orda information A^gleaI&irom;®par$cipant it -was tbertfore tfcjg moMjanteresting. Messr&^She'pherdrKtteb, M&cun;, j$mllej3 and lfeylor were among those wh^critjosed thfi paper, and the ^ast-named gymtlemao^ 1n complimcntingthe essayist on the man?.. fn Ixrhich Jic Jiad -treated Jiis Jwbject, marked lhat he had gathered jnofcjrom 4lTi Ford's concise* afecount than henad ever previously done. The chairman, Mr. James T. Webb, concurred in this view. The next meeting will be devoted to ' Pre pared Speeches *' by members. Cb. Looeeb at the Caulfield conncil {'oliiibal Bekgufe, Whifcbj hmong otlfOT extras ordinary proposals, sought to raise tbe pay of'theaay Jaborere'to S^ and ''abolish con^ tractors. u Of course,' continued tbe_ speaker, ' I consider the Trades Hall leaders, a pack of born fools, none of whom employ ISb'or or probably Wil 1 tver havtthStHonbt' ful privilege. .Under tbe circumstanccs I think the municipal authorities can treat them with contempt.' The worthy coun cillor looked «a if he woujd like to say a lot more, but evidently bearing 'in mind the prorerb that 'to touch pitch is to be defiled ' he considered silence was the better part of valour. The balaclava Tbadesmbn's C.C. will celebrate their first anniversary on the 2Tth Inst. with a. concert and ball at the St. Kilda Town-ball, which tbey arc doing their best to make a big success. The mayor will preside at the concert, at which a number of favorite amateurs of Prnbran and 6t. Kilda, ; including the Prahran Dramatic Club, will appear. The concert begins at 8 p.m., and the ball will follow at 10.30. Further particulars will appear in a later issue. The net proceeds over expenses will go to the local relief fund. Even in baud tiueb plumbing work is a necessity, and it i6 a good thing to know where lo go to have it cheaply and effect ively done wheu required. By an adver tisement in another column attention is drawn to the fact that Mr. J. Brown, of High-street, Malvern (opposite Mercer road), and 205 High-street, St. Kilda, is I prepared to do all kinds of plumbing, gas- j fitting, bell-hanging, etc. All kinds of baths arc made to order on the premises, 1 cisterns and tanks lined with lead, copper ! 'or galvanised irou. repairs done, and all ! work pertaining to the trade satisfactorily 1 performed. The South Yabba. Wesleyan Improve ment Society held its half-yearly ' ladies' evening ' on Monday. Mr. D. Davies occupied the chair, and there was a large attcudance. Mr. G. E. Robinson was elected junior vice-president in place of Mr. C.-R. Hobbs, who resigned, ,The fol lowing ladies took part in a most enjoyable programme : Misses Dimt, Kiel, M. Mats land, Joynt, Hindle, Bradshaw, L, Robin son, Martin, A. Martin, Holmes, and Swin born, to whom was accorded a hearty vote of thanks by the delighted audience. Fancy ontes football is one of the novelties of the season, and it isa big thing in this line that we referred to in onr mys terious bint on Wednesday. A specially remarkable game will take place early in August on the St. Kilda ground (by kind permission of the St. Kilda C.C.). the pro ' cccds to go to the local relief fund. The 1 participants will be two twenties made up of welt-known St. Kilda tradesmen and prom I incnt citizens, and we can safelyj promise that the display of athletic prowess will surprise evcu hardened professional foot ballers, Wc have some little detAils to communicate further on, concerning tbe gorgeous and striking costumes to be worn, the proposed medheval procession with a brass band, etc., prior to the game, which will convince the most sceptical that this is going to be rather a lively walk-round. v Me&sbs.; Asiteb and Co.; the well-known property salesmen, of Chapel-street, South Varra, have just succeeded in disposing of, by private treaty, in conjunction with Messrs. Gcmmell, Tuckctt and Co.,'n piece of land, 34 feet x 140 feet, at the corner of Dandenong-road and The Avenue, Wind* sor, the price obtained bcipg £1G a foot. Considering the state of the property market at the present time, Mr. Asher. the enthusiastic bead of the firm, is to be con gratulated on his achievement in selling nt all— much ' more in~dbtaln1ng**'a price that caonot but be considered as highly satis factory. . , ? ? - Hib Majesty His Nibs, whose action three ycars.ngo inj*efusing to pay the pro prictoreof tbis journal- tbe amount of bis printing bill in councction with the parlia mentary elections has not yet ceased to lie' commented on, has at least found a kindred 6pirit. During the week Dr. Rose (wc need not expliin who he is) who was a candidate for North Melbourne nt the recent elections, has been sued by his secretary for the amount of a claim; but the defendant having pleaded exemption uuder the Electoral Act, which provides thutacan didatc cannot be sued for clerlion expenses, the bcnch were foiccd to given verdict in his favor on a technical poiul. We con gratulate His Nibs on having found a worthy companion ul latt. Tiie St. Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society have now got their special relief woik well organised. They have only this week innde their first call— a small one — on the ccutrul fund, not having appealed to it before, lbc fuppltes which they have heretofore given out have been either puichatcd from their own funilsor presented to them, as for instance, biscuits in large uiiautity by Messrs. T. B. Guest nnd Co., Hour by local tradtspcoplc, etc. liegular distributions nrc now being ir.adc on Mon days ntid Thursdays, the extia volunteers, whom we mentioned in- our articlcon Wednesday, attending cn the former date nud the society on the latter. Wc ore again requested to urge on the public the society's ve*y earnest desire that jobs of woik in the way of cleaning, gardcuing, or any kind of rupairs should be afforded wherever possible, as men of almost every sort of trade are represented on their ];sts A special appeal is also made to cow keepers and any other persons having milk to spare, to communicate with the zealous secretary, Miss S. L. Jennings, as the' deprivation of this important article of food, presses heavily on those in need, particularly the childreu, as can be im agined.' Wc arc happy to note the ad. dition of £G 8s. to the relief fund collection aL Trinity Church on Sunday, and to notice that' there are various events to come which may be expected to add 6lill more to | them. j Alleged cbuelty to a solicitob was I the^ form which was taken''' by . . the j I revival at the St. Kilda police court on | Tuesday of one of ihc items of a case of .alleged cruelty to animals tried at* the I court some weeks since, in which James 1 and* Geojgc Kennedy were charged with ?that offence, and dismissed after a long hearing. JUr. Jidward. Rcynolds- bppearod thenfor defendant g, and he now sued Mr.' vwen Kennedy for his fees, ICS 3s. IcssJOs. paid, Mr. Reynolds stated that lie was instructed by Mr; !Owen Kennedy at the court to appear for both defendants, and that the summonses. for both were handed to him ; nnd after the court Mr. Kennedy ?handed him JQs., whioh he took under protest on accounl ; when tbe summonses were banded to him Mr. Kennedy said the fees would be 'all right,' but Mr. Reynolds did not appear to think that there Was much ell- rigbtncss about half-a guinea. Mr. Field Barrett testified that Ihe-court charge which the Supreme Court would have ^axcd.woa.W have been £2 2s, for each of the two' defendants. Blr, Kennedy, on thc other hand, said, that he only instructed Mr. Reynolds to appear for one of the defendants,, nnd didn't think. he ought to pay as much when he fished np a solicitor at the court as if he bad retained him beforehand. 1 Some disparaging re* marks about the local members of the legal profest-ion met with a strong remonstrance from Blr, Reynolds against ' insult by that, man there' (Mr. Kennedy), The bench gave a verdict for the amount ' claimed with 16b. Cd. cos Is, A BARBER'S SHOP in High-street, Prah- -ran, is infested with white rats, genuine albinos, .with pink eyes. It is supposed some pet rodents have escaped and have multiplied beneath the floors. Though several have been trapped, the barber is at a loss how to give the trespassers notice to quit . We suggest that the now forgotten tonsorial art of extirpating them by anathema or by metrical charms as prac- tised, by Ancient Hibernian barbers might be invoked. In fact he might follow Ben Jonson's advice in " Poetaster," and "rhyme them to death, as they do Irish rats." , Our poet killed the St Kilda ghost ; possibly if the barber is not poetical but speculative our " pottery man " might — for a consideration, all "dead for a ducat' say— undertake to lay the rats in elegaic, trochaic, or pindaric metre. '3I^bb-TH AN OBpiNA'BY^n|ere6t centred in tbe proceed ingsoT the Prahran branch of the A.N.A. on Wednesday evening last, owing to that date being fixed for the election of a medical gentleman -in the place of Dr. Gaunson, resigned. Sereral of the local doctors offered their services, ! but the result Jay_ between Drs. Joske and I B. | H. FcAberstoni ftHetlflmer of I wboc^ was a'very ptrwigj f^QjiRMnd won try%n alAtndte m^onty WlwtAJ, which is jjroof _pQfcitiv'e of his popularity among members oT 'the as5oaanon.--3«erc was ^considerable cxcitement jn connection with ilher-dbutest,. 'many/pr^nldfcnt ' natives ' working hard in the interests of their man. Thosujj^ftCWUnDrrSfBSkffireroiBnthusi. aslically Relighted .at bja easy victory, and'lt'ls -ivhieperca Gfevillc-strcct saw champagne flowing rather freely after the event,. whilst, predictions 'of thVjdoctors elevation to the. rank of a legislator found vent, and general all-round congratulation was indulged in. ? t ' -? H Whoevee bea'db il Our Local History ' , in nnother column of this issue will find his ; mouth watering at -tbe enormous 6umsof I money which changed hands, and the rapid I fortunes, made, in the Land Boom of 1853, I which, while on a smaller 'scale than that I of a few years since, surpassed it ininten I Bity. A very graphic sketch is given of a ! land sale in the bash at St, -Kilda, and instances quoted of some marvclloos specu lative deals both there : and at South Yurra. A reader of colonial history does not need to be iold .that the development of Mel bourne has been a series'of boom periods and depressions, nnd the arllclein question gives a very -vivid sketch of tme of the former. The Ministeu of Education is bring iog forward a measure to abolish the pre sent system of paying State Schoolteachers by way of results, and substituting payment by fixed salaries. The result system, which is one of tho curses of the Education Act, is demoralising the teachers and thwarting the main object of free education, and it should, undoubtedly, be abolished for reasons which we propose to point out in a subsequent Issue, Thebk is to be a \bbanoh of the A.N.A. started in South Yarraf wbich will, of course, weaken the memberehlp. list of the Piabran branch to some extent; bat the zeal of the South Yarra natives, which ha6 long been simmering, has no'tr reached boiliug point, und the question has re solved itself into this — a branch at South Yarra or a boil-over at Prahran. .The former alternative has been adopted, The police had a field day,; at the Prahran court on Thursday with the house breaking fraternity, two representatives of the rccent ' Burglary Co.-, unlimited,' named George Kilfoyle and Alice Greco, being in the dock on several charges, namely, breaking into the dwelling of Miss Pcnnam, dressmaker, Chatsworth- road, East Prahran, and stealing therefrom £40 in jewellery and cash ; with repeating the operation at the residence of Mr. J. J). Har rison, Landsdown- road, East St, Kilda, and annexing £5 worth of property, consisting of gold shirt studs and silk'nanderchicf, and also with stealing, yarious articles from Messrs.. Deagan Bros., grocers.' Particulars as to the arrest ,of prisoners in ahousc iu Albert Park by Plainclothes-ooa6table Wilcox and other members of 'the force have already been fully published. Both of the .accused were committed for trial. In addition, the woman Green was sentenced to three months1 for vagrancy, and Kilfoyle was given one month-for stealing an over coat, the property of Herbert Vail, of Williams-road, Windsor, You can't beat some men for cool cbcek — here's a local man, whose private eistatc is in liquidation, actually advertising for support for the position of liquidator of a large wrecked banking conoem. Pro bably lie reckons that his chief Qualifica tion lies in the very fact which will cause those who are anxious to entrust their interests in undoubted hands to vote for some other person who bas not ' been there ' himself. An amusing joke is being circulated anent the imposition practised upon two of the most popular and genial St. Kilda magis trates, both of whom are fathers of families and ought to know, by a female vagrant the other day. Under 'the 'circumstances,' said the chairman, in response toan appeal from the accused, eyeing her critically the while, 'you are discharged.' When out side the precincts of the court . the crafty female disentangled a mysterious bundle of wearing apparel, smiled at' her clever deception, and decamped. The Voltaic kj ectbic belt, which is coinfortnble to wcar and improves the liuiirc, is the latest invention of .science for the cure bf the numerous ills that assail the human family. A company has been formed to take over the proprietary right of this ' magical belt,' and bas established offices and a manufactory at 315 Collins street, Melbourne. It is pointed out that the price of the article is less than the coet of a single visit to a physician, and never fails to restore new life and energy lo even the most shattered constitution. Tue members of the newly-formed Lyric Club will give an entertainment on the 10th prox. nt the Prahran Town-ball, in aid of the funds ot the Melbourne Dis trict Norsing Society. Mr. A. Wallace, who acted -as-musical -dirocintof-lhe recent Tasmnnian Exhibition, will ' conduct tbe concert, which promises rtb be 'superior lo anything of the kind yet given in Prahran, the club possessing a considerable amount of musical . talent. . , Bis , Excellency the Governor and the Countess of Hopetoan have consented to he present; 'and. jamoncst other distinguished patrons will be Major General Tulloch and the offioers of the defence fbroes, 