Mr. Venables found Mr. Deacon there to meet him and Sir Wilfred Rivers was said to be on the road also. It was time for Nellie's friends to gather round her when such a mat. ter was in hand. But there was the-most important of all wanting, the one most likely to have been in the baronet's confidence. Poor IMr. Blennerhasset was still lying un consciousand knowing nothing of what was going on. Mr. Venables gathered all he could before thle arrival of his adversary, and found the case more formidable than he had imagined. Hie sent for the girl who called herself Vera Rivers and found her perfectly self- possessed and ready to answer any questions he might put to her. As to her identity as Vera Rivers there was no" need to discuss that point, at all shle declared. Her own legal adviser, Mr. Shackleton, knew her very well, and she could call dozens of people if neces sary, Mr Delaimere amongst the number. Mr. Venables'was more astonished than he could tell at the way in which shespoke. She told everything connected with the finding of the letters as coolly as if she were boasting of some meritorious deed,-and never flinched when the lawyer told her exactly what he thought of her for looking into the desk at all. ' It was a dishonourable thing to do,' he said. . ' That is beside the question,' Vera replied, calmly. ' It is done, and the result has been to bring to light a great.fraud.. Its bhas shown mue that I am :the. legitimate owner of the prolperty which- is now held by the person calling herselfMiss Rivers.', -. ' Not so fast, young lady, if you please,' Mr. Venables said, sharply; 'we will hold that she is Miss Rivers till you prove her to be some one else.' ' I:am not' interested in provinfg who she is. I canprove from the handwriting of the late Lady Rivers that she is not the child of Sir Darcie. My solicitor has the documents in his possession. He is here now.' Mr. Shackleton had just arrived and was shown into the room where the.others most interested were assembled. Nellie, poor child, had not put in an ap pearance, she preferred remaining in her own room. She knew nothing, and she felt as if she could not bear the scornful eyes of the girl who had made such a wreck of her hap. piness to rest upon her again. Mr. Shackleton produced his papers, which were clear and decisive-genuine letters be yond a doubt, and all bearing on the subject in hand. The one from Lady Rivers to her husband set forth in unmistakable terms that she had committed a fraud on him, and that she knew herself to be dying and could not take her guilty secret into the grave with her. It was dated from London, whither she had gone to consult a physician of eminence, and was evidently the outpouring of a heart overweighted with its load of consciousness. A memorandum was attached to it saying where the child had been obtained from, and therewas a letter from the baronet himself to his wife commenting on the transaction, and one or two documents which related to it. Mr. Venables examined them all atten tively, but declined to make any remark upon them till he should have settled some other points in his own mind. In his heart he felt very grave about the affair altogether, for he believed the assertion to be true. A thousand little things came to his memory in connec tiori with Sir Darcie that pointed to the truth of this terrible scandal. He remembered the time perfectly, and how, as Lady Rivers had said, the baronet seemed sadly troubled in his mind about something. He had refused point blank to confide in his legal adviser and had hinted at dupli city in 'someone he had an affection for, just as Lady Rivers recollected his doing to her husband. Mr. Deacon could speak to that much also, but what the trouble 'had been that had suddenly come upon Sir Darcie none of them could tell. Mr. Shackleton was a man in good practice if not of the very highest repute, and he testified to his knowledge of Miss Vera Rivers during her professional career. This young lady was undoubtedly Sir Darcie's niece, his heiress if the letters were of any value, and he contended they were. ' It you pronounce them forgeries we must fight the matter, of course,' 'he said,, wheti all had been said that therewas to say onri the subject. My client is prepared to assert her claim in .any court you please.' , "Your client is a. woman or I might say what-I think of her,' Mr. Venables said, irascibly. He was something too fiery; for a'good-bheaded lawyer and lhe was very fond of Nellie. ' If you imagine we are going to give up' Milverstone Grange 'to tie' first stranger who, comes to ask for it you are very much mistaken.' STalking would not alter the fact. of thel existence of the letter;, and Mr. Venablen wetit" upstairs to have 'an interview 'with' Nellie, feeling more perplexed thai: he had ever done in his life. 'He. found she knew nothing of them,; had never heard of .their existence; but he found also that she was possessed, with the notion ?.that they were true, and ready to give- up Milverstone .and all in it to thi stranger cousin who had so suddenly come to upset all her happiness. ' " :'.Nonsense,--my dear,' he' said, trying to rouse':her;' we' must fight it to the very last. It-is avile plot and we rmust get to, the bdottori of it.' He apoke'cheerfully, but in his heart he did not think it a plot but a discovery. K CHAPrTER XXII I. : A discovery! Yes, that was the word for it. The mifore Mr. Venables thl'ouglit bfihut ;tbthe more convinced he was that the fatal papersain the possession of Mr. Shackleton w ere genuine, and that-Vera Rivers was'in reality the heiress of Milverstone Grange..; ' , A thousand uncomfortable recollections-of a mystery which his client would not allow him to fathom came before him as he sat eloseted with Sir Wilfred Rogers atid Mri Dracon, trying to find some ray of light to guide them in their search for the right.' 'If poor Blennerhasset were only 'tothe fore,' the baronet said, 'he could tell -usa something maybe. Poor Sir Darsie wo'ld always be amenable to him when no one else could do anything with him, hli ma'y have some knowledge of it.' - • . "Mrs. Blennerhasset 'says nothing more' than we know already; she too can 'testify to' the time when this trouble seemed to come upon Sir Darsie and Lady Rivers, -and' she dates the failture- of his health and spirits froni that peridd.' ' '' " - ' ' ' ' ' 'I'm 'afraid .it's true,' Sir Wilfred said, stretching his legs and thrusting his hands into' his trousers pockets, 'everything points to it.' ' Hush, my dear sir,' Mr. Venables said, jit will never do to make such an admission as that, We don't believe a .word of it, we look upon it as a fraud altogether, and we may.as well be plain with one another.' ' I think it is best to know what we are about,' .Mr. -Deacon said, quietly. 'But if S;r Wilfred is right and this horrible thing is true will it-be right to-to-' "To fight for it ? Of course it will,' Mr. Venables said. ' Tie other side must prove their claim, and I don't think they will suc ueed somehow.' ' H'm, I don't know,' Sir Wilfred said, 'it's all very awkward. There are the letters -they are no forgeries.' 'I ain bound to admit I think them genuine,' Mr. Venables said, with a grave, preoccupied face. ' And. there's Nellie herself, poor child,' Sir Wilfred said, ' I don't know but she will be the strongest argument the other side can bring forward.' ' How ?' ' Why look at her. Is she a Rivers ? Has she the slightest resemblance to the family in any way? We have often made it a sub ject of jest with her, poor lassie. and called her a changeling. We little thought of this.' They heard him with something like dis may. 'It was a point which they had not thought of before he mentioned it. Nellie's fair, round, saucy face had not the slightest resemblance to the Rivers family, as he had said. She had been like her mother, people said,' but the:likeness was not sufficiently strong to attract attention from strangers she might have been anybody's child as far as her: face was concerned. They "were sitting in the inner drawing room of the Grange when they had their little colloquy-a pretty place much affected by Nellie when she was what she called lazy -a state of being which affected her very rarely, for she was of the active order of girls; traces of her presence were everywhere about, 'evidences of the refined, taste and delicate fancy which seem part of the nature of a graceful well-educated woman. It was painful to the three men, who all. loved her for her many good qualities, to look around them and think bow soon she might be driven out of it all, and by one who,. whatever her rights might be-if, indeed she had any rights-was not half as worthy as the sunny-hearted girl she was deposing.. ' Poor Nellie, poor child,' again said Sir William, who seemed to be painfully im pressed with the probability of discomfiture. ' It will be hard lines for her.' ' My dear. sir, 'pray do not talk in that way,' said Mr. Venables, irascibly, 'you will do our case incalculable harm if it should come to litigation if you assume defeat beforehand. I really must beg-- What's that ?' Only a noise outside the heavy velvet curtains 'that divided the room in which they were sitting from the large drawing-room a.faint sigh, almost a moan in its intensity of pain, and then a rustle and a fall. ' There's someone there,' Mr. Deacon ex claimed, and they started to their feet. Sir Wilfred pulled aside the curtain and there lay Nellie insensible on the carpet. ' She has heard what we have been talking about,' he said. ' How did she come here?' ' I am sorry she has heard,' Mr. Venables said, as they chafed her bands. ' I know what almost fantastic notions she has on the subject of right and honour. Ring the bell, please Mr. Deacon.' The hasty peal brought a servant, who was despatched for Wilson, and she and Lady Rivers conveyed Nellie back to her own room. Her presence in the drawing-room was en tirely accidental, she had gone down to fetch something she particularly valued, for in her excited state it seemed to her that Vera wouldomake her case good and turn her out of house and home without delay or scruple. Her brain was in a whirl and she hardly knew what she was doing. 'She had no idea there was anyone there or she;would have kept to her own room, she dreaded meeting anyone, even her own lawyer and her uncle, and she was startled by hearing their voices on the other side of the curtains. , '; She would have slipped out of the room quietly but that she caught the words ' I am afraid it 'is true,' fronm 'her uncle's lips, and they seemed to makle her heart 'stand still. She must hear more, and shestood almost' afraid to breathe and heard;all, there was to hear. It was. true then, and they knew it-these three who were.going to fight in her interests and;dispute. aclaim that was lawful for her sake. She was not, a Rivers !. How inany times: had'such a thing been said to her in jest. Even her father had been used to call her his fairy. bairn and de. Clare she was a changeling, and he bad not spoken ii so"much jest as it appeared." She' was' a ?h'a'rigelitig with no right to claim' the name she believed hers-no place in the home that had' been hers'from her babyhood. . She 'hardly. knew that she had fainted till she found them all round her; and her aunt bending 'over her with an alarmed'lo6k on her face.' ' You were, so long coming round, child,' she said gently, ' you frightened us;' ' 'Did 1? I am very sorry. I: shouldnt' have gone roaming about the house like that \--I was not feeling well.'' She lshould not betray by a word that she had heard everything, but apologised for her foolishness, as she called it, poor child,' and not even Lady Rivers could get her to talk about what had happened. , ' I will go to bed, please, aunt,' she said, quietly,'' perhaps I shall' see things clearer in the morning-it is all so new and strange to me to-night?. ' ' Dori't you worry yourself, my dear,' Lady Rivers said. *,It will be all right now Mr. Venables' has conie, and that nasty';, creature will her airs: and impudehnce will 'oon be, turned' out of the place.' Nellie masde no direct answer to this 'speech, but she clungto' the caressing lhand that was ministdring' to her with a helpless ,irann~r" i'ery 'foreign toher 'general be haviour,.. - • . . . .. " havour good you are 'to me, sun.,' she said, ' I'used to thiitk'somsetimes-' ',Whit child? for Nellie had stopped. au if she' did inot like Lo'go on witha herf Speehi.. 'Thioat yoti did not like me. very much, you used to seemi cross and harsh when I fancied I didfiet deserve it.' 'I ' You weren't.in trouble then, child,' Lady Rivers said, shortly, ' ahd I was a bit jealous of you perhapsi in 'more Way~ than one. I grudged you Milverstone, my dear, and Millie grudged, you--'.: . S"I think I understand what Millie envied rtie,' Aunt Sarah,' Nellie replied, with a smile that was all sadness. , ' She envied. me my husband that was to be.' 'She did, dear.' . ' She has had 'a lucky escape.' 'And so have you,. Nellie." He is the most-" .: ' Leave him 'alone, aunt. There is no punishment that we can wish hini?tbatwould be so great as the fulfilmetnsof 'his own wishes in this miserable business. 'Kiss me, Aunt Sarah, arid say good bye to me.' ' Good bye, child ?' ' I mean good night, and shut me up and let me alone. I shall have fought out the fight with myself by the morning; I feel nothing but weariness now.' ' And no wonder, I am sure,' Lady Rivers said, as she helped Nellie to disrobe and saw her comfortably settled in bed before she left her. ' You'll be all clear headed and bright in the morning and able to say what you think about all this.' ' Yes, Mr. Venables and all of them will know 'what I think in the morning,' Nellie said, with a strange calmness, born of intense excitement; and her aunt left her, hoping that sleep would come to her and bring her quietness at least if not peace, Nellie lay perfectly still till she was sure Lady Rivers had gone downstairs and that there was no one else about. Her bed rooms were at the end of a long corridor, rather' a lonely place to sleep her friends thought, but her father and mother had liked those rooms, and when she became mistress of the Grange she had taken to them. They had always been the rooms occupied by the head of the household, and it came natural to her to take to them. There were plenty of people within call, a bell rang from her room to Wilson's, and Mrs. Carrington's rooms joined hers on one side, but there was no one in it to-night. Mrs. Carrington was keeping Mrs. Rivers's company in the morn ing room, believing that her young charge was lying quietly in bed. - To be let alone seemed all that Nellie cared for and they judged it best not to worry hier. If she could forget her sorrows for awhile in sleep so much the better. They little thought, good ladies, that she was up and doing while they were discussing lier new trial, and that she was moving softly about her darkened room with a set purpose in her mind. , No one could see her, the windows were covered with heavy curtains that effectually shut in any ray of light 'and she covered the keyhole so that none.might escape into the passage outside. She had risen and dressed herself as soon as Lady Rivers's footsteps had died away and set herself to select a few things from the many that belonged to her and pack them into her. travelling' bag.. That at least was her. own, given her by Mr. Blennerhasset. So saw some of her jewellery and a few other trifles that she might surely have. She was going,, poor, foolish child, unless something happened to prevent her from fulfilling her purpose, going out into the cold, dark world to do she did not know what, but something. She would be lost, and no one should ever hear of her again that had seen her in the days when she was usurping the inheritance of another. She almost broke down when she thought who that other was and what she bad robbed her of besides her inheritance, and she had to throw herself on the bed and stifle as best she might a fit of bitter weeping before she could go on with her preparations. It was so hard! Life was such a mistake that it seemed as if to go out of the world altogether and seek refuge from its ills in the nearest river would be the safest and surest plan of ending her misery. But hard though life may be it is strong in the young, and hope will not be crushed even in the darkest and blackest depths of wretchedness, and Nellie turned with a shiver from the contemsplation of suicide. She put the things together that she wanted, a poer little bagful, and then dressed herself in the darkest and simplest clothes she possessed. They were simplicity itself, for she had always been a plain dresser-a shabby dresser Lady Rivers used to declare when she could see no good in anything Nellie did, because she was mistress of Mil verstone; but, plain though the things were, they bore the unmistakable stamp of a refined taste. 'Every article spoke the lady, and Nellie wanted to pass for one of the common herd till she was far from Milverstone. CHAPTECR XXIV, Belton Leicester was a humane man. All doctors who' love their. noble profession' are so whether they have the power of making it apparent or not.. .He would spend as much time over the poorest parish patient 'if his aid 'was needed'as if he were to receive.a princely " remuneration. Mrs. Deacon 'de clared he spoiled the poor people and made them -fanciful and.-always wanting the doctor. ''He' 'ordered far more wine- and nourishinig'things for them than was at all compatible with true parochial economy, and he'wasted his time, she protested, on idle, worthless women and 'miserable children,' who, if they ever grew up at all, would only be a burden and a trouble to the authorities for the rest of their lives. He laughed and told her' she did"riot nmean half she said, but even `Mr.' Deacon, good, warim-hearted gentlemen that' he was;. remoristrated sometimes-not on the same score, but on' account' "of the health and strength oh the young'doctor himself. ;', `'You will wear yourself out,' h'e. said to him one' day, after he had sat up'all night with a ?poor old man who wanted constant attention 'and who ' would certainly die whether he was attended to or not:' You are burning the candle at', both ends," and that doss not pay.:" ' When Ifind it too expensive I will 'draw in,' Mr. Leicesier ,ireplied, iaughing good humouredily.p !' don't 'think I asi hurting myself by watcling':an interesting case; once in'a way. ' SNot if 'it was only onice in a way,' the rector grumbled, ' but :?yonu'd do the very same thing again to night -andithe' ':riext night and the next if a.ny of the women came grumbling to you.' .. .. "Oh, 'no,' I'. shouldn't; all the village might come after me to night aridI shouldn't stir. Ill take care of mnyself, never fear, Mr. Deacon.' ''The taking 'care was not much. ,-Mr. Leicester was always at his post, and on the night when 'the grand explosion ha'd talieb place at Milverstoere Grange and'the'thiree gentlemen had held 'their interrupted colloqtiy in the drawing-room he was o'i again on what was purely an errand ,of mercy. ' " 'A! niiserable woman, living a good mile away from the village, but still in the parish,' had a yet mure miserable daughter, a sinful, outcast creature who had come, to her wretched home to die as it seemed,. Springfield was dreadfully scandalised. There was a baby there, a puny, miserable thing for whom and the girl who had rio father Mrs. Deacon ' set down her foot '-she was always setting down her foot,: good lady, -that no help should go to Betty Bird and her daughter till they were brought to a' knowledge of their wickedness arid ch'ose'to conduct themselves towards her with'propter respect. ' . This Betty Bird positively reftised, thdo" She would jeer at Mrs. Deacon whenever sihe met her, which sthe often did; for the 'patsoness,' as the young men of the place bad nicknamed her, wavnsindefatigable in hei visits and inquiries about the private busi ness of everyone in the parish. ' Her victuals would choke me,' Betty de-' clared.' 'The grudge they were given with wouldestick in my throat, and I never could abear sauce, especially sermon sauce.' 'Which speech being repeated to Mrs. Decon made her hold up her hands in horror and solemnly excommunicate Betty Bird as far as any of her many charities were concerned. Batty still had 'her parish allowance, even the rector's wife could not deprive her of that, but even that munificent bounty was not sufficient to keep her and her wretched daughter, and she was very often starving. She was starving now, and her daughter was dying-at least, that was the statement she made to Mr. Leicester when she managed to waylay him as he was going home after his day's rounds; From what she told him, even allowing for her exag geration, and from what he knew himself of the girl's state, he came to the conclusion that Betty was speaking the truth for once, and promised to go and see her when he had had a cup of tea. He went, but it was only to return and fetch various things that were absolutely necessary for the sick woman, who appeared to be dying, and whose case would want watching it might be for many hours. His landlady expostulated. 'He was going to kill himself,' she declared, but he was glad of whatever would take him out of himself just now and away from his own thoughts. His heart was very sore for Nellie in her trouble. He would have given the world if it bad been his to have been able to comfort and protect her.' But he was powerless. He could not evensee her; all he could do was to call at the Grange and leave his card and ask after Miss Rivers. Mrs. Deacon, who happened to be there, camedown to him and told him Nellie was very quiet and calm, but 'that the case was more serious than was at first anticipated. It wasnot so much an entirely trumped-up affair as was supposed, and difficulties would arise that.might not be smoothed over easily. 'And he has turned away from her, the scousidrel,' burst from Belton Leicester's lips as he listened, and Mrs, Deacon loked at him With surprised pity. h'Yes, he has left her,' she said, sadly, ' and you .are right, Mr. Leicester-he is a scoutidrel, but that may be for the best after all. "She'is well rid of him, but she. cannot see eit yet, poor child?' ,' - The two men met when Belton Leicester was about half-way to Betty Bird's house, and'Neville Delamere, craven that he was, would have passed by if he could without pretending to see who was meeting him, but the lane was too narrow, and Neville Delamere stood aside perforce to' let the other go by him; 'He could not let him pass without trying to curry favour, like all false-hearted; mean people. 'Look here, Leicester,' he said, ' don't think too hardly of me for all you hear. Take a grain;df salt with it, old fellow. It'isn't'all true.' ' I couldn't swallow all I hear of you if I took all the salt in Christendom, was thie cold reply, 'and it is utterly impossible for me to think too hardly of you. Let me pass, if you please.' . ' But look' here, Leicester: "You don't know everything.' 'No, and I don't want to. Thiere is.one thifigIdo know, and that is that you are the greatest scoundrel on the face of the earth.: Oh, you need not begin to bluster. I aim 'not ashamed to proclaim n my senti-. meits, which are shared, I hope, by every one that knows you. One thing. I will say to you-take care what you are about.' 'What do you mean?' 'Simply this - that if you are lending yourself to any fraud, and I believe from my soul you are, 1 will never rest, till I have unmasked it. I know a little more of the woman who is claiming Milverstone than perhaps she has any idea of, and she shall not hold it in peace if she is to get it by fraud.' He almost pushed Neville out of his way and strode on. Betty Bird's dying daughter was,'of far more importance than Nellie Rivers's faithless lover. . , ' He found enough to do itn that wretched little cottage. The girl was , in mortal peril 'fromrnsome neglected internal injury, and 'for hoirs'"Belton Leiceste 'fought band to haid ivith death.for her miserable life. He learned several things that astonished hini in' that weary time. 'He discovered that Betty Bird, under her cloak of misery and poverty, neither of which was assumed, was a. woman 'of a very different class.,froain what they had been accustomed to'thliink her, and that she was by no means so 'ungrateful and hard as people imagined,. 'I don't wear my heart upon my sleeve for daws to peck at,' she said to him, and then' when she saw him stare, at her in amazement, she added, hastily, ' Oh, I have read Shakespeare in:my time, Mr. Leicester, and acted him too. I'm not quite so ignorant' as people say I am?., Degraded and wretched she certaiinly was. and had most likely biought' all her troubles on herself, but he was'astonished at the ex tent' and variety. of, her information as they talked together. Some three hours had passed away and the danger was over for the' present, the girl had fallen into a doze, relieved from pain 'for' the present, and Betty had made Mr. Leicester a cup ,of, tea out of some he had brought her. It was served in a cracked jam jar, libut it was clean and he was glad of it, and while it was being drunk Betty asked. him. ?i qiquestiion. SMaybe I've ni'icall to aslk 'about my betters,' she said; "biut I'libard a queer thing down the village to-day.' ' What was it ?' Why, :that Miss Rivers was to be turned out of house and home to make room for .her waiting-maid, and that' not only her home but her lover was taken away from her. Is it true, sir?'.., ' In part, Betty, but not all. 'I hope there will tie no question of any such catastrophe happening as Mifss Rivers being turnied from Milverstone.' ' I hope not, I 'am sure, sir. Miss Rivers is one of the very fewvladies who can give a poor body' a' 'civil 'word,' but is it true that the claim has been i'wade ? ' ' Quite true.' i '. ' Arid by hier esevaint ?' ' Hardly. The person who put it forward is her cousin, another Miss.Rivers.' ' Another Miss Rivers ? What may her name be?' . "Vera, Miss Vera .Rivers. She is' the daughter of Sir Darcie's brother.' 'I know. Gentler-in Riveis they used to call him in ihe profession. ' He was on the stage you know.' , " '.I don't know. I have a faint idea I have' heard something of the sort. You kniewhim then ?'' ' Well, yes, I' did. It wasu isot ' iuch honour. And his daughter hlas claimed 'to be the heiress of'Milverstone Grange ?' .: 'Just so..'::? ;' ? : : : - ' "...; Betty looked prizzled! More 'thari that, Mr.' Leicester thought, 'ts"e looked frightenerd. The news seemed to' have' startled her ont of all'reason, ' like Miss Nellie River' i'ery niuch, she' said ."'She has been 'always 'very"godod to' ine;"and eshe don't season her' gifrs'witl' preaching. 'Bu't if the other one comes" to the Grange as its mistress it will he a good day forime.' She won't let-m'e starve.' Her manner was queer, but Belton Leicester would not ask her any questions, her affairs were no business of his, and he wanted to get away home now that his work was over. The girl would do very well if Betty attended to his directions, aid she seemed sensible and clever enough. He wondered a little at her knowledge of Vera Rivers, but he had heard that the baronet's dead brother had consorted with all sorts of queer people in his career, and he was not surprised to find Betty Bird among the number. It was a longish walk to his lodgirga, and he found when he got out that the night was so dark that he 'could not see a yard before him, It did not matter to him. He knew every step of the way, and went on as easily', as if the black night had been the brightest moonlight. In the lanewherc he had metNevilleDelamerehe dropped his glove. He wao carrying it in his hand according to a somewhat careless prac tice of his, and swinging it lightly it fell from his grasp. The road was quite dry and he struck a wax vesta to aid him in looking for it, 'It was just here,' he said to himself as the little match flared up and gave him the light of a candle for a brief moment. ' Just here,' He dropped the light with a cry of surprise and horror, for there right in the air as it seemed before him was the face of Nellie Rivers ! White and wan and despairing it looked, but it was Nellie herself with her eyes fixed on his and: a beseeching look about her mouth as if she would have spoken. ' Miss Rivers ! Nellie !' he said, ' where are you?' There was no answer, and he lit another match, only to see that he was alone in the black darkness. There was no trace of any one near him, no sound to tell of anyone; hiding behind the hedge. Light after light he held up till his box was exhausted, calling on Nellie by every endearing term hie could think of to reveal herself it indeed she were anywhere near. What could bring her out at that time of the night, or rather morning, for it was some where about three o'clock he thought ? Surely the wicked woman who had caused all the mischief at the Grange had not proceeded to any violence. But was it really Nellie ? alt was her face, and her face in sore distress and trouble. SWas there anything wrong and had she shown herself to him to tell him of it and ask him to come to her aid? Bah He would not think anything so foolish! -There were no such.things -.as ghosts. He must have been thinking of her--was he not always thinking of her 'now? And he had conjured the image out of the darkness, that was all. TO xE CONTINUED. 