To but few of mortal men has a happier fate been given than was meted but to Alfred Tennysoii. To reach fame at an ago when most mon are merely struggling for existence, to add year after year to his wreath of,' laurels, and, after far bxcoeding the allotted span of human life, to sink calmly to rest amid the admiration of the\ Whole world and the afl'ec- tionato grief of sorrowing relatives and countless friends, is 110 .ordinary meed of greatness. It is impossible in his fortunate. case to .discover oven ; the crumpled rose .leaf which often disturbs the rest of tho happiest of mankind. Honprs, wealth, caso, friends, bnd all tliat is counted upon to make life worth' living, came to him in superabundance. Ho had. not oven what most 111011 so much fear, and .what, alas ! falls to .tho lot of almost all of us to discover, that " a sorrow's crown of " sorrows is remembering happier tilings." Sorrow laid her band but lightly upon hini, and oven when- she did he could . not but reflect that the very losses which tlio four score years of his lifo made unavoidable wore of their very nature but the outcome of an unusually long. and happy life. To pass oiys's life amid'the idyllic'scenes of tho most charming landscapes of England, free froip care or the galling poverty. Which so often clips the wings of tho poet," has not fallen to tho lot of many, and iio description of himsolf could bo further from the truth than his well known lino, " Loft "me with tbe palsied heart, and loft me " with the, jaundiced eye." It is true that of late days I10 has suffered slightly from ' touches of the . spleen, and has been some- . what impatient under the lash of criticism. But criticism has been kindly in Ilis ease, and ho has only suffered from the general rule that even tho most admired poets, as they advauco in years, begin to bo mistrusted by the critics as to tho quality of their works, and to linvo tho laudatory judgments of earlier days re vised to some extent. Eow peoplo now alive have not been influenced more or less by Tennyson. His life has been so long . that even those on the threshold of old age cannot remem ber the time when his' namo was not a househojd word. His earliest poems were published as long ago as 1830, and oven ' beforo that distant date ho had acquired considcrablo ronown by his poem on Tiinbncioo, which had gainod for him the Chancellor's medal at Cambridge. Tho morit of this juvonilo performance was no great that we find a critic remarking in the Athcnicum of tho time that it indicated V -really first rato poetical genius, and " which would, liavo dono honor to any " man that evor wrote. . . . How " many mon liavo livod for a century "who could equal this?" It may bo said that from that timo on, until in 1850 I10 succeeded Wordsworth and received tho Luurcatoship, thus fixing his poetic hiorarchy, thcro was no back ward stop in his successful earoor. When, years lator, ho received a peorago, he did not . oven sooni to transgress good tasto in accepting" it, for ho was descended from an ancient and honorable family, and thoro was no necessity for, him to . plead llin.fi n'fill fhn hnmnlv form . Mn " teach us there is somothing in descent." Tims, at a ripe old age I10 joins tho great majority aftor passing a long and happy life, acuoinpanied through its greater part by tho "dear, near and true" "sweot conn- " sellor of his 1 hearth," and his- handsome sons, " full limbed and tall." , When we come to ask ourselves whonco comes the;groat popularity which Tenny son's poems have always , enjoyed among all classes, not only of Englishmen, ..but of English speaking people, wo .find two pre-eminent causes. Ilis patriotic admiration for the celebrated deeds of Englishmen is unbounded. At times it almost amounts to Jingoism, particularly When lie compnres, as lie frequently does, the slow but solid growth of English insti tutions with "tlio red fool-fury of tho " Seine," or of other loss fortunate coun tries. In the second place lie displays, even in his earliest poem, tlio art of tlio master— tho perfect control of modulated language for poetic ends. Tho ease, grace and cortainty of an exquisitely refined mind are always present; and from tho girl who warblos liis ballads in tho drawingroom, or tho child ivlio repeats bis poems at school, up to the sago who finds" room ' for thought.: arid comfort in the grave, calm measure of In Memoriam, ...' where tlio ' violence of emotion is held in cheek by reverence, enduranco and hope, every phase of human feeling can find something to satisfy it. This universali ty is remarkable. A great feature of his life work is its compre hensive range, embracing finisbod speci mens of almost every kind of poetry. . From one point of viow be is -a great objoctivo poet, treating of all manner of subjects. Mo topic was too trivial, nono too high, for him to essay. At the same time the" sub jective tone of his poetry is very marked, and although one coiilif nover/ guess the story of bis life as the leader of Byron can, it' is nevertheless impossible to single out a lino o'r sentiment which is not in tlio handwriting of the same master. By birth, rearing and the bent of bis mind, Tennyson was a Liberal Conservative. Ilis social rank, his train ing at Canibridgo and bis philosophic learning all bred in him a liberal conserva tism. Although nover an active politician, he took many opportunities to express himself 'upon passing- events and tlio pressing questions' ' of the day. His subjectivity is often shown, for the hopes and foars of the personages in his poems' niust bo considered as exclusively his own. According to his tenets, the duty of the statesman is confined to tlio lopping oft' of the rotten branches, and not to laying the axe to the roots of the tree. It , was jm this that the old friendship between him and Glad stone split. " I love Gladstone, hut. hate ".liis polities," wrote- the poet when tlio Grand Old Man-brought in his soliemo for Homo Rule in Ireland. And it was at this timo that lie wrote Loeksley Hall : Sixty Years After, in which ho gave full vonb to his -pessimistic views, a poem which gives us a most interest ing history of tlio evolution of his feelings "from tho early period when lie published Loeksley Hall. In the earlier work it is only tlio egotism of youth and rejected, love which make him see things with a jaundiced eye.. One foels that had his love been reciprocated lie would liavo found the world a very pleasant and fair dwelling place. But liis tone sixty years later is entirely dif ferent. At the -earlier period lie is no lovorof universal snfirago or of tho democratic disposition of ail'airs. Ho passionately resents the failure of liis first brilliant hope, and ' yet lie is iinnhlo to repress his youthful vitality. But sixty years later ho has tlio natural pessimism of ago alternating like an electric current with. that, highest mood like "old ex perience," which, as Milton luvs it, "doth "attain to something liko prophetic "strain." When Tonnyson and Gladstone came to the parting of tho ways there could bo 110 doubt' which path the Laureate would follow.', A strong feeling for tlio ordor and efficiency of law was inherent in liis nature. Ho -loved freedom in tlio abstract, but lie jvos, enamored— Of freedom in lior royal scat Of England, not of schonlbriy hcafc, Tlio blind hysterics of the Celt. In this lie was the opposite of his contem porary Browning, who was thoroughly im- lmed witli a strong feeling for tlio nobility of tlio passions and a comparatively feehlo respect for law. No idea perhaps occupies a largor place in liis poems than the pro gress of the human race, hut this progress is represented as the evolution' and self restriction of a law taking plaeo gradu ally and slowly. His ideas of tho Divinity .were largely founded upon a similar basis. Tho Divinity entered to 110 small degrco into all liis writings, hut it is not a God of a personal character so much as an orderly manifestation. I11 In Memoriam ho owns to a belief in a divine element in tlio univorsc in- the relations of Providence to man. . And thus, while rellecting in liis verse the unrest and- doubt of his age, liis tranquil sense of order placed, him in opposition to all iconoclasts and freethinkers. So it also came about that, although" ho" constantly avails himself of the results of scientific .discovery without making! tlicni prosaic, lie had 110 sympathy wit h, the matprialislic tendencies of science and tlio speculative spirit of the age. Ho hold that as tlio ideal , nation , is, ono in which the highest wisdom is united with perfect self -government, so the ideal mail is lie whose life is led to perfect power by self knowledge, resulting in self control, and self; control growing perfect in self reverence. His lovo of lihorty was great, hut -.nevev , so great, :thut lie would have rung in the new before ,the millenium was established at Westminster with out disturbing the stock market. With this kind of Conservatism Gladstone of the later, day " has no ' sympathy, and ho answered.,- the -poet's pessimistic attack upon tlio folly of hewing down with the Gladstonian axe' by a long recapitulation of. tho reforms. of the last half century. The ties which had held the old friends together so long snapped, and Gladstone, as lias often been tho caso of late, found himsolf abandoned by his old companion. But tho love of law and ordor which underlies all Tennyson's produc tions is dear to most Englishmen, and therefore liis philosophy always found an appreeiativo audience. What the verdict of posterity will ho it is impossible to say, but to us ho was par excellence tho representative poet of tho Victorian era. How far ho was ahova all present poots is apparent from tho difficulty of pointing ' out 4o shall wear tho lalrcl of which it may lrtily ho said nowl as lie snul of WordWortli, that it will omo to tho noxt lioir I | 1 G'rconor from fchobrowo u- , pf him who uttered ihthing base. Some respondents of jiurs liavo of lato boon wiring themselves into a condition of moml porspiration aver certain con- trovorti passages of history in tho lifo of Galileo.! Thoro aro foiv exorcises known to man Uiich liavo goncratcd more heat to less purso than that of slaying tho bodies and layij tlio ghosts o( the vonerable lies of tlio htorian. Acres of paper liavo been coviM in scribble and oceans of ink liavo heel shod to sottlo whether or not, 11 hen Gallio recanted, under tlio pressure of the Ituisitiun, Ins docitrino of the mobility cltlio cartli, ho muttered, "Still "it movo' Whether he murmured it with liis litor tightly hold his breath is a inafctini Of linwtmn llhllfrnmnnn 'sirlinii ..... know at ah rato that lie deeply swore it in liis heart. But yet these little facts or fctions of history appear to have I perennial charm about them. Fa centuries tho world amused itse| by the declaration that " Nero fiddle. while Rome was burning and tlio liA-y headed falsehood ,1ms brought comh'b to toil thousand poor scribes put tiifc for an illustration of callousness, util somo pestilent fellow, poking among; tlio dry-as-dust relics of the Omsars, dilrivered that it was all a mistake, and tlltf the Imperial fiddler had never dovelopoqany such idiosyncrasy as that of enjoyingnusic by firelight. As a. matter j truth, wo know that thoro is searcoly dirst rate fact which has come down to rt through the ages hub what some irro»renb caviller has laid hands upon it, aniBtripped it-of some of its best claims toW credulity. Wo all l-emonibor what Ifxley declared of the Resurrection itsolf-tlie vory central his torical occurrence trit lies at the root of Christianity — that iievidonce inferior to that of an inquest, dnd the verdict of a coroner's jury, woul convince him that tho allogod death o, the cross, was over consummated. And Vhorefore, when such matters as these aro cllcd iii question, wo cease to wondor that tlj onco loved legends of our youth liavo so niny of them — uono gl lunnorin g through tl dream ot things that were. y ' ' It used to ho a porfcctdelight to us to picture Richard'III. pois'ning princes and stabbing kings, with thegood old hearty malediction of \ Down, down to lioll, and say bent tlioo tliithor. ' It was quito a comfort to bink of him that lie had "nor pity, lovo, noifear," and that he was ready at a moment) notice, liko Hamlet, to " drink hot blooi" and relish tlio draught. And wo shoulnhavegone on revolting in this picture of diabolical energy to tho end if Cloinonts Mnrklim , had not como fooling around with la Historical Review and made out Hon VII. the murderer of tho two missing princes. Wo have boon threatened also flint we must give up the story of good King Alfred and the burnt cakes, and/of Columbus living and dying in tlio ode of sanctity ; while Mark Twain; has hnl the heartless- ncss to laugh us out pf onr/olief in George Washington and liis axo J Of course tlio Duke of Wellington ongh to have said to his Guards in tho suprerp crisis pf the Battlo pf Waterloo " jJp, hoys, and at " them," as oveiy ono, had to say he did, and as wo used to hellivo with ail our hearts. But again, tlio iconoclasts liavo boon at work, and tiis pot delusion lias gone with the otlars. Even in our own immediate day aid generation wo have soon it gravely irguod that Glad stone, in spite of pis Expostulation, and liis denunciation! of Vaticanism, is a Jesuit in disguise.' (n the same way the present. Czar has hem-' 'denounced' pn the strength of one sorici of documents as a ruthless plotter and disturber of the world's peace, while nnothor party lias set , him on a pedestal and laholled him " The, Peace- "keeper of Europe.", . The turf is as yot scarcely green over the grave of Parnell. Thousands of men are still walking about who knew lii.m inti mately. And yet it is quite a moot point amongst tlio disputants as to whethor ho wa3 a national saint stained by a solitaiy sin, or . a mean and contemptible equiv-j- catorj who merely . played at polities in tho intervals of lying 1 to his friends. It is not more than six years since Sir Charles Dilke was driven out of English public lifo because of a verdict iu the Divorce, Court which branded liirn 3,9 an adulterer and -a perjuror; But when Sir Charles was before liis constituents lately at the Forest of Dean lie told them that this was nothing hub a popular delu sion. " lb is a lie, a lie and nothing hut a " lio," oxclaims SirCharlcs, to say .that' the courtseverdecidedtliatlioandMrs. Crawford had ovorstopped the hounds of platoniy affec tion. Wo have seon somothing of the sumo sort ovon in Melbourne. It is not so very long ago that tho Conservatives who tried to " capture " Sir Graham Berry at the hoginning of this year delighted to paint him as a villain, a fow degrees more deeply stained with Anarchism than Ravacliol, the Paris murderer. . All good little boys and girls reared within the confines of Toorak were trained to execrate the picture of a sort of insatiable 'fiend who had declared that nothing would quench liis hatred less than "broken heads and a city of flaming houses." This was cur rent history in Conservative prints teu years ago ; and possibly some future his torian — say tlio friend of tlio traveller from Now Zealand who is to do the etching of tho ruins of St. Paul's from a broken arch of London- hridgo — may resurrect some of tlieir mouldy files to show that the primitive race which colonised Victoria choso repeatedly for their Premier a blood thirsty ogre, wl'o would liavo burned everybody that was not- a certificated Liberal in a san benito, and confiscated liis property to tho sacred cause of Berryism. A more recent instaneo of the splendid temerity which distorts facts under our very noses, and writes history for tho next generation as a tailor liiukcs a suit of clothes to suit the tastes and caprices of his patrons, occurs in the latest Molbourne issue of the Itenicw of Reviews, one of tho ingenious- Mr.' Stead's newest enterprises in journalism. In this pleasant coinpou- dinni of fable, tlio Argus— whom a hard lob scorns always to select for the admiration of posterity as the vehiclo of "troweth" in tlio Clindband intorest-ris gravely dopictod as ".the most " powerful journal in "-all Australia," though "its leadors are a little wooden "and have usually 111010 weight than " edge." . Ordiiiary folk, who judgo of things by, tho ordinary standards, have hitherto fallen into tho mistake of believing that tlio true criterion of power iii' a'newspaper is tho ability to lead and form public opinion. But Mr. Stead's representative lias changed all that. Henceforth it is a question of pounds avoirdupois, and nothing more. To ho heavy, is it nob to ho weighty ! To ho the " brako" upon the wheels of progress is a greater ovidenco of power than to ho tho forco which supplies the momentum. The Victorian schoolboy of the future who may dip into tlio musty pages of tho Review of Reviews will learn that " tho most power- "ful newspaper in all Australia" spent its declining years in denouncing pro tection only to see tho wisdom of adminis tering tariff after tariff constructed on pro tectionist principles; that it fought against tho Land Tax as the essence of every thing opprobrious, only to find public opinion hardening in favor of making tho tax heavier instond of lighter ; ' and that among other things it opposed land reform, Uppor Hoiiso reform, elec toral reform, payment of members, immigration reform, legal amalgamation, railway management reform — and in fact . every liberal measure that has been placed on the statuto hook in spite of it — only to find itself swept away like a lmlriisil by tlio rcsistlcssstrcam of public opinion ! Such aro the signs of Power in Conservative circles ! and such is history " as she is wrote " for tho benefit of English Tories who read tlio Australian edition of Mr. Stead's paper, and are loo distant from the scene of action to trouble themselves about tho accuracy of. tho chronicle that is set beforo them ! It would, of course, ho a mistake to sup pose that even the Tory Press has not its place in tho economy of nature. It acts more or less as a drag upon the machine. What it cannot hinder it can sometimes delay by its ponderosity, and so gives time for the sluggish intollect of its party to, keep up with tlio march of modern thought. All this is well enough, no doubt. AVo havo 'not tlio slightest objection - that lie who drives fat oxen should himself bo fat, and that tho quality of "woodonness" should distinguish tho leaders of tho party as well as its rank and file ; but when we hear its organ described as powerful merely because it represents so much vis inert ice, wo begin to perceivo why it has been said that there is no fiction so fictitious as much of that which passes for history. 