RICHMOND RIVER ECHOES. .-«- . THIS topic of most general interest just now is tho discovery <if ii climiucl whicli will remove nil difficulties in tho way of navi- gating tile river entrance. The discovery appears to lie no mere rumour, hut un un- doubted fact. Tho channel runs without check us far ns the public baths, where there is an accumulation of silt. This latter, it is estimated, can be dredged away in a few weeks, when a clear passage will be obtain- able right away to the entrance, with a depth of thirteen foetus a minimum. This channel will improve and increase in depth with every addition to the training walls, and it is expected that within six mouths there will be a splendid water-way, which will admit of navigation without any let or hindrance of any kind. That thisexjiectiition is not chim- erical may he gathered from tho fact that a visitor from the (Jlurence, who hits been investigating things at Ballina, substantiated the report in conversation with me a day or two since. The immense importance of this new discovery need not be dilated upon, and i ts future bearing on the prospects of this river are tnu sufficiently obvious to needpointingout THU people of Byron Bay have had a sensa- tion, which must" have temporarily diverted their thoughts from the. breakwater, which their souls covet. It is not often that such ti raid is made by the police as that which resulted In some fifteen or sixteen charges ol' sly grog selling being brought before the Bench. Not to be profane, this large catch might bo almost described as a "miraculous draught" of shanty keepers. Some of those charged slipped through tho mesh ; but the convictions were on a scale sufficient tu cause consternation among tho people who kept barrels of boer among their tent furniture, and retail that oxliillutory beverage for a consideration. That there were " shanties " galore was well known to tho police j but without the assistance of a disreputable ally they wore unable to do anything. Tho in- former they obtained wuscortuinly no "slouch" at tile business ; but one would not like to be in his skin if he happened to fall among a crowd of navvies away from police protec- tion. All that would ho left of his carcase would be rejected hy a two mon tbs' old kitten as a ration, to be despised on account of its insufficiency to supply even a smack. Tho fines Imposed amounted to between four and live hundred pounds ! but as most of those convicted preferred to "take it out." Mr. ¡Michael O Brien will hardly have mailo enough to retire from tho activo busi- ness of deluding other sly grog sellers. Tins return of the police from their raid was an imposing spectacle. Tho spoils of the visitors, consisting of beer and spirits, filled several carts, and the procession would supply an admirable subject for an alle- gorical picture by an imaginativo temper- ance artist-if there is such a being. Thirsty navvies must have felt a lacerating sense of grief as they saw all that liipior travelling towards confiscation. Worse trouble wus iii store for them, however, for when they sauntered in a dejected manner to tho shanties that hud not been raided in order to drown their sorrows in the Hewing pannikin, they found that consolation was denied thom. A number of people who kept barrels of beer just "for medicine," and rum "to cure tho crumps," had got wind of the captures, and nilled those barrels into the bush, where they turned tho taps on I People wilt do strange things in a panie. It is hardly likely that this wholesale raid will put a stop to the unlicensed traffic. A fine i of £30 can be made upon one pay night on the railway, and as for tho alternative, well most of thu shnnty-keepers would do three months "on. their heads." THAT the dairy farming Industry in the I Richmond district keeps a firm hold on the affections of tho farmers is very clear. A I week or two since another factory was opened in the Big Scrub, and fresh enter- prise is being shown in every direction. Of late the industry hus boen bowling ulong in a very satisfactory way ; good prices have been realized, and the returns to shareholders have boen highly gratifying. Cane growing will ultimately be taken up on a largo scale there is no doubt, but dairying, under im- proved conditions of transit, will continue to expand in scope, especially when an export trade is established on sound lines. Recent good times have lind an encouraging effect upon the farmers, ¡ind have certainly put them in bettor humour with their sublunary existence. WE have been looking for an improvement in the financial condition of this part of the world, but it has not become very percep- tible just yet. P.n's. still have a tendency to fall very sick just when they should be enjoying a robust "maturity," and slips of paper, with signatures in the right baud corner have, in many cases, a singular knack of coining back boomerang fashion to the people who sent them scudding on a dubious career. The ghost of the elder Disraeli might compile another volume of curiosities-"Our ioslttes of Financial Paper" for instance-if ho wore to Interview the business men. But things are a little more hoiieful ; that is to say they aro not quito so hopeless us they seemed a short time since. A« non DAY ivas celebrated bust week nt several towns on tho river with proper en- thusiasm. Crowds of " dear little girls and nice little boys " wore gathered together, and figuratively patted oh the head by gentle- men who compared them to plants anil trees with rilriustii: earnest ness, and taught them sweet and moving little moral lessons. And fond ami mini iringpurents gazed wi tbs welling riipturuontlieirpromising offspring us the lat- ter indulged in revelry, and soothing but some- what inflating drinks and gaudy confeotion nrles. But it is sinful even to seem flippant. Arbor Day celebrations have something about them which must commend itself. TUB enormous discrepancy. in the tenders sent in for tho construction of tho line farm- ing tho third section to Murwillumbah hus created considerable surprise. A drop from £328,73» to £243.(r20 is calculated to astonish the general public, who know- nothing of thu mysteries of estimating for such work. Sonic of the country traversed by this section is certainly Tery difficult to negotiate, but a difference between the. highest and lowest tenders of eighty-six thousand pounds would lead one to imagine that it presonted very complex problems indeed; or that great difference of opinion existed as to what aro fair profits. A HTHlKixo illustration of the vagaries of the witness-box was exhibited at n recent sitting of the Land Board at Lismore, in connection with » case in which i). Hurley, sen., con- tended that AV. T. Graham (thu occupant of an adjoining selection) had not fulfilled his conditions. The evidence taken was about as conflicting as anything could he, and thu papera in the case would fill a hanow.- Tho C'ourt reserved its decision until September. One would think that scarcely time enough to understand the evidence, but ample time to go raving mad reading it. 