LES OLOOHES Ds CORNEVILLE. Tbe performance of this opera by local amateurs, which has excited a good deal of publio interest, and which had been looked forward to with a spirit of expeo tanoy, came off on Wednesday night at the Academy of Music, with great eolat. So eager were the publio to secure seats in tbe reserved portion of tbe ball that all the aeats sft set apart were booked before the night of the performance, and the re sult nas that there w*s not a vacant place in the front or seoond seats. . Not only was^his^hecasej bnt the baok; was. aUo well filled* making np one of the largest and most appreciative audiences seen in the hall for a long time, Tbe spirit of expectanoy manifested before the curtain rose was very marked, and from the com mencement of the performance until the fall of the curtain, tbe greatest attention and interest was manifested, and .as is always the case when anything good is on the boards, there was nothing to mar tbe harmony of the gathering in the shape of those silly noises so distressing to an audience of intelligent people. To say that the performance, from the rise to the fall of tbe curtain, was a suocess, is but mildly stating tlie case— it was a complete triumph — and as an amateur performance, was undoubtedly the best staged, complete' in detail, and most carefully studied of any given here, aod the individual mem bers of the company Vied with each other in an earnest endeavor to achieve — what even though deserved, is not always at tained— sucoess. The dresaes were, appro priate and captivating, and gave £ charm to the various scenes that could not fail to' please the most fastidious. The scene is laid in tbe village of Oorneville in tbe anoient Duchy of Normandy, and the ground work on which the opera is built, briefly told is as follows : — Two noblemen, the Marquis of Oorneville and Count de Luoenay, are prescribed their country for political intrigue, the former leaving his only daughter Luoienne and his property in the hands of Gaspard (Mr Seymour), hie miserly steward, who brings her np as bis neice under -he name of Germaine f \T i n a IkfaRftftlinrV Ha hiita. ftiA trAnflnrn in the vaults of the Chateau de Carneville and pretends the place is haunted so as to keep fcway visitors. A hiring fair is held at the village, and the opening Bcene shows a bevy of girls and a number . of men on ' their way thither,' amongst them being Serpolette (Mrs T. Wood) a waif and ser vant to' Gaspard ; but who is quitting bis service,' On ber way she is joined by Germaine, whom old Gaspard seeks to wed to the Baillie (Mr J. K. Hoare), a pompous and self-contained bore Ger maine is betrothed to Greoicbeux (Mr J. L. Tritton), a humble fisherman, whom she supposes rescued her from drowning ; but in fact was saved by Henri de Corne ville (Mr William a), the young Marquis and captain of a privateer, who has re turned to claim his title and possessions. White at the fur he meets Germaine. bears the legend of the Bells, engages Germaine, Serpolette and Grenicheux as his servants. The Marqiiis visits the Chateau, and there makes the startling discoveries that Germaine is the maiden he rescued from drowning, and that the Count de Locenay placed his infant daughter in Gaspard'a charge. Serpolette imagioiug herself the child of tbe Count determines to live as becomes one of her exalted rank. During the ' visit to the Chateau Gaspard plays the - ehost, and gloats over the hoarded gold, but is watched by Grenicheux from a suit of armour. WhUe the miser is thus engaged i& chant is heard, and the tuaty bells toll, and the mailed speotres of- the' dead lords of Oorneville . appear and Gaspard sinks - terror stricken on his gold. The closing act disentangles the mystery, attached to Germaine. Gaspard who has lost his rea eon, but in lucid intervals, owns that she is not his niece bnt Lucienne de Lucenay. Tbe gay Serpolette is now undeceived as to her real rank, and has to resign her borrowed plumes. Grenicheux is forced to confess his fraud, and the betrothal of the Marquis and Germaine is heralded by She chimes bf the bells of Coroeville. On ] the rising; of the curUiin the company were greeted with' warm applanse, and sang the j opening chorus, which at once enlisted the ' sympathy of the audience, and gave nerve ! to the performers, Mrs T. W. Wood, as \ Serpolette, the ambitious waif, surpassed any. of her previous efforts, her ready wit and vivacious manner being simply irresis table. Her singing and acting throughout being such as. to call forth .repeated plaudits, and several recalls. In her solo parts ber vocalisation was remarkably clear, sweet, and expressive, and the vary ing moods were poartrayed with an artist's skill, yet with all in the most natural, easy and graaeful manner, which showed complete mastery over her part. In the ' songs 'I may be Prinoess,' and 'No Ghosts at all,' she ^ave lnll sway to ' bet \ voice, and the effeot was suoh as to '/leave no misapprehension as to her powers. This latter was encored.' She was equally ef fective in other parts, more particularly in her lead of the chorus ' Look, at this, look at that' which had to be repeated. Miss Macartbur (Germaine) also had an'impor- ?' tant part, and like her compeer she ac- ; quitted herself in a way that delighted' tbe Andiencfil Her dentin And nnH.iin.ia. manner, together with her expressive ren* dering of parts requiring a sustained effort were sufficient to please a far .mors oriti-'' cal audienoe. The ahy, and with all' pathetic manner in which she sang ' By 1 his side' was simply charming, as was the song in the last act ' Love the Minstrel' 1 (with invisible chorus). Her singing in ' the duets with MrTritton and Mr Williams were foil of expression and quiet dnmatio force. The ' Legend of the Bells' by Miss Macartbur and full chorns wat with «ut. bers, charming the audience 'to such' ai degree that no' denial to a repetition would1 be received. Mr Williams as Henri, Marquis de Oorneville, looked everyi^h1 the gallant Bailor' that he wae^ nndhis'' striking dress and handsome appearance were more than sufficient to captivate the heart* of the vijlage.maldent; His parti was -a heavy one, 'and; unfortunately for him he waa suffering from the effects of a cold, but notwithstanding this hs went through, the long dialogue and ? numerous1 solos, and concerted pieces manfully. , The 'Silent Heros' by Mr Williams ' and chorus was splendidly rendered, and fully merited the warm enoore received; lift Seymour's pourtrayal of the deceitful old miser Father Gaiipa'rd, was a master piece. There wereaome 'dramatic situa tions requiring.careful. manipulation, and he was Inlly equalio t^a occasion. The joene where Gaspsrd is gloating over bit gold in the bannted Ohateati isa mo^t realistic one, and tbe terror depicted on his withered countenance when he ,hears the approach of the villagers was a pprfept . stndy.and the same may be said when *he appears in. Jus insane state and where his reason .retqivs. in $ach of ^hese .-he showed. tsnsideraWed^maUclaJimtilfilt 1!fl of the ''Biiggai^'''^i.verirr#ff«)riTe and «lled forth -am ; ep|))atiMt _Mr ; Tritton, in .the ^haVsAer . m Qiimiisittm, ?had a good dtal ito do/and did -it' ^rell. very tunefnl^uid -was jQtt suited to hit : jlroe thblij(h'ti^^iei:f«l-rt^ifor%5fo^:'®e also sang effectively ' That night I'll never forget/f and 'Though the/ may nut . ~'s .???? pursne me.' The trio 'I shut my eyes'' was a faithfully executed number ibyjMr Tritton, Mrs Wood and Mr Hokre'. Grenicheux played his part wall, more particularly when he is plaoed in the' armour in the haunted chamber, f- The soit of armour was made by~Hr Procter, _ ana. the pictures of the anoestors were painted by Mr Jennings. The Baillie 'ot Corne ville, was one of the amusing characters, of the opera, and Mr Hoare rapreaented the character to Iho ljfo. . HiB fussy, pom pops and egotieticarassamption of' superi ority Was : SQohLU i tR j Create 'no end-of aniuaement to the andiense, while his 'singing was, powerful and true, more par ticularly in the;eong ' Oh dear, Oh dear,' which wjii .deservedly enoored. Mr Hoare throughout sustained a. difficult character in a clever and - taking manner. Last,: though not least of Jhe; -cliaraclers to ;be mentioned is the Bailliejs Clerk, 'Gobo, Mr H. Hamilton', ' tie ia ever at home where the comic element is required, and oertainly he made the raoSt of ills part as the Blim f aoetioiii olerk, ever on' jtha.tnovej yet doing nothing. 'The witicisms of his part ' w'fete delivered with a orispn'ess and force that struck home at onoe. The services of the other characters on the pro gramme, though not allotted any .promin ent part, as contributors to the success of the whole, were invaluable Miss Robson, Mrs Blight, Miss Prootor and Miss Chambers performed their several parts well. The other ladieB engaged were Miss Taplin,' Miss Gordon, Miss E Ohambers, Mies M. Proctor, Misses J. and b. Mackenzie ; Messrs Proctor, Warden, Fynmore, Newman, Dawson, and Daniels. 'These comppsed-tfie ohoruB and, the way in which': they rendered the concerted pieoes was worthy of all praise. Master Hay Stewart took the part of the cabin boy, and Messrs E; Blanche, Breyley and Brierly that of sailors, - Mrs F.. Cherry was mnsical direotor, and all through the lengthy rehearsals, and at the performance on Wednesday she played the accompany . moots in a most able and satisfactory man ner, and the company Bte under deep ob ligation to her for her .untiring efforts. Mrs Prootor acted as prompter, but for tunately her services were not needed often. Tbe opera will be repeated to night (Friday). 