I . AW Y SOUTH. A Bright sunny morning, with the sky flecked with fleecy clouds, a gentle breeze moving the tall tree tops, and giving motion to the heavy crops that at intervals wave on either side of the road from Orookwoll to Laggan. The road being a good one, and the horses fresh, half-an-hour's drive and we are in sight of the vil lage. The Americans, in describing a small village, are in the habit of do signating the same as a one-horse town; but Laggan has not got beyond the dimensions of a foal yet. It com menced rising somewhere back in the forties, and has been taking forty naps ever since; save once, some few years back, when Mount Costigan and Cor dillera drew thousands from the metropolis and elsewhere who hoped to makis fortunes at the now Eldorado. A mighty stream of eager people flowed by; with their vehicles' wheels they pounded the road to dust; they spent their own and other people's money freely; they swore hard and they drank deep. Perhaps it was the deep dust of the road that made them do this. For the most part they were a sanguine, mad lot; and as madness of this kind is very infectious, the vil lagers caught it in a mild form. I think that it would be only in a mild form that Laggan would catch any thing. Be that as you will, the in habitants began to think that it was necessary for them to do something to prove that they were alive, so they cut the place up into allotments, some of which were sold and several new buildings were erected, and Laggan anticipated a brilliant future for itself. But alas I all know-and many to their cost-the history of the collapse of the mines; and poor Laggan re verted to her normal condition. But now another hope has filled her breast, and one that I thinlk is loss likely to meet with disappointmont. There is now a Butter-Factory there, and the number of carts we passed carrying loads of milk prove that the farmers around fully appreciate its presence. There are all the elements of success surrounding the place were they but developed; the surrounding land is good, and to the north lie thousands of acres of rich agricultural soil that if cultivated would make it the, rival of Orookwell in importance. But the people look to the construction of the Crookwell railway to give an im petus to the advaucement of the vil lage. For myself I think that before the general public should be asked to tax themselves for a public work the success of which depends upon the productions of the soil, they are en titled to demand some guarantee that the same shall be applied to the pur pose that by nature it is most fitted for, and not monopolised for the run of sheep ; and should this guarantee take the form of a tax, let not the body of the people fear that they will have tb pay it, as it will fall upon the capitalist, for in the majority of instaneos whore the banks have not already foreclosed they have such a hold upon the larger and most valuable estates that the ostensible are but the nominal owners; and should the present state of things much longer exist there will not bean acre of them belonging to the people. The principal inhabitants of Laggan are two storokeepers, one of whom combines milling with that calling, a blacksmith, a publican, and a ghost ! Yes, Laggan has the dubious honour of possessing a veritable ghost. Should anyone doubt the veracity of this statement, I simply refer him to any old resident of the place. His ghost ship formerly inhabited the old mill, and many think that it was due to his presence there that it caught fire some few years back. Where he is located at the present time I am not in a position to say. I noticed some time back that your correspondent here complained that a quantity of fencing-wire had been pulled down and stolen; perhaps ho was not aware that a wanderer from Pejar, in making his way across to the potato mines of Grabben Gullen, got entangled in a fence hero, and his friends had to take two rods down to extricate him. A mile beyond Laggan you arrive at Dan. O'Brien's public-house, where if you desire accommodation you will find it good. Directly opposite is a small church. "Nothing so much the spirit calms as rum and true re ligion." So has sung a poet. No doubt it was from no willingness to subscribe to such a doctrine that the church authorities wore induced to build their place of worship so near an hotel; but they are very adjacent, and many have had grievous cause to regret their close proximity. Sur rounding the building is "God's acre," in which are notorious hand some monuments testifying to that great respect for the memory of the dead so characteristic of the Irish people. A tall column stands here erected to the memory of Father Maher. Ho was a good servant of his Master, a noble, unselfish-minded man. Four miles further on we leave the main road, and, passing through a gate and also two miles of thickly. timbered country, eight the homestead of the Vann family. A few years before his death the older Mr. Vaun built a nice residence here, which at the present time is tenanted by the Irishtown school-teacher; the present Mrs. Vaun occupying a house close by. Extensivo clearings have been misde, and the land under crop looks excellent. A few years back grim Death was very busy here, claiming for his victims the husband of the present Mrs. Vann and three fine young women, all in the space of a few months. The track becomes very rough bey'ond this, and the four miles between this and Mrs. Seaman's seems like six. But we arrive in sight at last. The house is built upon a slope, and the coiutry around is clear for a considerable distance. There is no cultivation, but unassisted nature has produced an enormous wealthof grass intermixed with wild flowers, giving to the place the ap pearance of a rich green carpet over which gems have been thrown broad cast. And now we are in the timber agoain, elt he liour "fter .ight asia her olearing, with the homestead of Mrs. Me Kenzio nestling at the foot of a hill. In front of the house is an orchard, hounded upon two aides by Phill's River, which here is but a creek. The sun is fast sinking, and with the shadows creeping from the western hills the scone from the road is rather attractive. As night is now approaching we call a halt at Mrs. Me Kenzio's, and find the good old lady, though growing weak in body, still strong as ever in her denunciations of the demon drink. G. FOWLER. 