MY LITTLE FORGERY CASE. liter three years desperately hard fight lug at the bar I had pdshed my way into a small but reliable practice; I was making £350 a year, aid could look forward ~ith confidence to greater things, and so felt jus tified in asking Ellen to marry me. Of course we couldn't do very much on such an in come, but Ellen was a wonderful manager, and although we had to live in a decidedly small way I can confidently assert that there were no happier people than we in the Swhole world. For about three months our married life was a perfect dream of joy; we were entirely devoted to each other, and Ellen had a great belief in my powers of making a career in my profession. As a matter of fact I shared this belief to a large extent. I sometimes could not help think ing that this absolutoe happiness' was too good to last, and fairly trembled lest any thing should spring up to marit in even the slightest degree. One morning, on coming down to break fast rather late, I found Ellen standing at the window with. her back towards me, reading a latter,' and evidently ; absorbede in its contents. "Who is your love-letter from, little woman ?" I asked smilifigly. She turned round with a start, and I noticed how ghastly pale she seemed. While I looked she flushed crimson, replying in a nervous voice, "Oh, from no one you know, dear an old school friend," at the same time thrusting the letter into her pocket. The envelope was lying on the table, and I noticed that it was in a masculine hand writing of a most characteristic and unusual style. Ellen sat down without saying any thing further, and poured out my coffee; I noticed how her hand trembled, (she spilt half the milk on the cloth); and asked her, "What's the matter? You seem quite up set about something-" "There's nothing wrong with me, Arthur, only I am a' little tired with our long walk yesterday." I was surprised and really hurt at her answer. You see, from the very commencement of our engagement we had mutually vowed to keep no secrets from each other, and up to this moment I really believed we had shared our every thought. Now here was something which was clearly of sufficient importance to upset Ellen to a quite unusual extent, and when I inquired about the cause she was not only uncommunicative but actually evasive. I said nothing further, but let her see plainly by my manner that I was hurt by her non-. confidence. I have often thought since that I was entirely to blame for all the wretched business which happened afterwards; I ought to have shown more complete confi dence in my dear wife, and Heaven knows, that up to that moment, and indeed even then, she really had my entire and' perfect trust-only I was such a fool -as to exhibit my pique to her, and, having done so, of course felt bound to cherish it, lest she 'should think me " weak." '- . . For the next few days she seemed really wretched, and would often look at me in an imploring, pitiful manner which at another time would have made me catch her to my heart. But just now, from one cause and another.(the briefs. were. not coming in as quickly as I had expected), I was out of sorts, and made my suspicions an excuse for a small exhibition of spirit-on my part. By the end of the week, however, IIfelt in bet ter humour with things, and determined to end the trifling estrangement.' Those lines came into my head- "The little rift within the lute, That by-and-by shall make the music' mute." And I felt that it really wouldn't do to play with fire in ever so small a way. So I got away from work an hour earlier than my usual time, and hurried home delighted with the thought that I would 'quite " make it up." Iknew Ellen wouldn't be expiliecting me at that hour of the afternoon, so determined to give her a surprise. I let myself, in with my'latchkey, and stepped softly upstairs. to the drawing-room, opened the door quickly and saw- well, this is exactly what I saw. Ellen was leaning with liow'ed '"head against the mantelpiece, and stooping over her with one hand on her shoulder ivas a stranger, tall and strikingly handsome, though with a worn, dissipated look about the eyes which somewhat spoilt him.: He was talking . quickly and eagerly, aind she was trembling with suppressed emotion; I caught his mur mur of "For my sake, dear," as I took the whbole 'scene in at a glance, and in that mo ment my heart seemed to turn to raging flame. As I stood there gazing, .they in stinctively turned round, and I thought A Ellen was' going to faint, _sl turned so deathly white. For half 'a :moment she seemed unable to collect herself, andt. then with an evident effort said, " Arthur, let me introduce you to Mr. Guy Hammersley, an old friend of papa's." He was- evidently a year, or two younger tha'n 'myself. I hate "scenes," and so simply 'bowedcoldly, iandd after a minute or two of torture,: passed'in e·rchanging commonplaces about 'the. wea. ther, he left . ...... , . SWe stood looking at oe another fora . minute or two, I madly longing for the ex planation which I had nevertheless sworn to disbelieive. But she said nothing-not a .word. "At last I said coldly, "Well, have you anyth?ing to say about this? Iwas :watching you for two minutes before you :and yur friend observed me." She flashed one quick, indignant look at me, and then buist out passionately, "Oh, Arthur, dear, in -?eavei's name don't ask me to tell you anything; only believe 'nd'trust me en tirely. I dare not tell you.". "I can.quite believe, madam, that you dare not offer an explanation of circumstances which are too strong.for even your plausible tongue to I instify.- As for believing and trusting you -well, Heaven knows that': I have .drnhe so to my cost too long already----" But at this point of my onslaught she' reeled and would have fallen, but that I had still sufficient manhood left to catch her as she. swooned away. I laid her on the sofa with a strange, "niumbihg pain of deadly, hopeless misery at dmy heart, and:rang for the maid. When she came, andEllen began to show signs of' .returning consciousness, I left the house SThe sun that had been shining so brightly ' when I had entered half-an-hour before, was now almost set. Could it be only one short half-hour since 1 h?ad hurried into my hnm--oi~ home " Somehow I h:aid' clung passionately to the hlip 'thatshe:'wduld clear it all up, dansing a'.s the circdm stances seemed. But noi 'shel;iad been true to her lover, and I felt, indeed, that' I 'hid passed onut of her confidence:- .'-: ' .: ; ": The little rift within'the lute, Kr. 'That by-and-by ehall makeltthe music mnt& The words seemed to mock me as they rang in my ears. The music was indeed mute now, and in place of the sweet melody to which we had been tuning our lives, was the devilish noise and passion of hate and jealousy ringing through my heart, and making me, as I walked quickly down the Brompton' Road, clench my hands and grind my teeth in a manner that would have justified my immediate arrest as a dan gerous lunatic. At last I got calmer. What was to be done I had a kind of no tion that one must go on living somehow. For a week or two we led a terrible exis tence, seeing each other only at meals, when we would interchange a few casual remarks, while the servant was in the room. How particular we are, even at the most trying moments of our lives, to keep up appear ances before other people. I felt that I could not stand the additional torture of the world's gossip; the section of "the rworld" in which we mixed was quite as ter rible to us as the tongue-wagging of 'all the aristocratic gossips and the slanders of the "society journals." No, I would conceal my. hurt as long.as poisible and suffer in silence.. : And;Ellen? "> Poor c?hild " She grew like 'a ghost, and though she made. now and again a pitiful little effort to renew our old relationship, the absolutely stony front which I presented to her advances was too much for her, so she had to give it up and break her dear heart. About a month after our domestic shipwreck, I picked up a note from the floor in the dining-room, and noticed the same hand-writing as that of the mysterious letter which had produced our first difference. In a moment I had grasped'its contents. " For Heaven's sake don't rouse his sus picions. It would be fatal. I rely upon you, however, to prevent him from appear ing against me, as I could not face him in court. It would kill me. Use any means to prevent him from taking up the case." There is too much against me that I can't disprove. Stonecroft is determined to pro. secute.-Yours always, Guy." So this was the end of it all. The culminating proof lay in my hand. The first part of the letter was clear enough. It suited the scoun drel's purpose that I should be kept in the dark as long as possible. But for a minute or two I could not understand the meaning of the latter part of the letter-" Use any means to prevent him trom taking up the case." What case? Then it flashed across me. Only a few days before I had been en trusted by a well-known firm of lawyers with the prosecuting brief in a forgery case. It was the first case I had received from Messrs. Brasebridge & Hackle, and it meant a good deal to me, as I had felt sure that if I made a success in it I should largely in; crease my practice by their agency. It had come as a mournful sort of pleasure to me as I thought of what my joy would have been in the old days, when such a stroke of good fortune would have been doubly plea sant from the happiness it would have given Ellen; and now I- suddenly. remem bered that the accused was a man named Hammersley. The coincidence. had not struck me .before as I glanced casually through my brief, but I understood now; though still I could not see why the man should so dread my appearing against him. It could not be that he feared my powers as prosecuting counsel- that was' to absurd; I was a comparatively unknown junior. Pro bably; then, it meant that he had' some spark of shame and remorse in him which made him dread to 'meet the mani he had wronged in such a situation. Now all the old hate and passion which had been almost dormant for a while rose in me with tenfold force. I gloated over the opportunity thus afforded me of being in strumental in punishing in some degree the wretch who had ruined my life. "Give up the case!" Rather give up heaven itself. I would strain every nerve and power to se cure his conviction, and having done so, I would leave Ellen for ever. At dinner that night I mentioned casually that I had been fortunate enough to be retained for the pro secution in a rather- big forgery case. She star.ed, and eagerly asked for particulars. Watching her keenly, with a cruel pleasure, I told her all the circumstances, and then added in a hard voice, "By the way, the accused's name is Hammerslcy." She was peeling an orange at the time, and it'dropped out of her hand and rolled across the floor as she sank back faint and breathless in her chair, while I held my wine up to the light and inspected it as though Ihad been a con noisseur, a role in which I had never posed before. During the next few days Ellen seemed anxious to lead up to the subject, 'although each time it appeared to cost her a terrible effort, and I invariably cut the matter short. At last, the evening before the case was to come on for trial, bursting into a passionate fit of weeping, she told me that she had rea son to suppose that the man I was going to use all my powers to "convict 'was her own and her father's old friend. ' She knelt down by mly chair,'and taking my, hand in, hers, implored me to withdraw from, the.case. .'Arthur, if you have one spark of affection left for me,) don'togouon.-with- this. You dIon't'know what it means, dear." ,I turned on her as if I had Ibeen string, eiclaiming sardonically, "Don't know what it means l That a just Heaven has givenine the oppor tusiity of assisting to send your lover to the. fate he more than merits !" 'Then my wife' got up frdm"her knees,'and stood looking at me with pity mingled with scorn in her dear brown eyes. "Arthur, before Heaven I swear'to you that you are terribly and cruelly wrohgiig me, and-and" here she almost gave way-" "Mr, Hammers lay. At this moment I couild explain satis factorily every circumstance which has turned you from me, but--" she waited' a moment,' and I interposed sarcastically- " Well, madam.' But "" ' But I may nor spe~.. I am bound by my most solemn promise not to reveal the matter, to:you as it really is ;and this is not for my sake or foranother's so much as for your own-that you may be spared terible pain, and I al. peal to you by every token of the love' you once had for me to give way on this point. If you persist in going on with it, then Heaven help you, dear, and comfort you when you find what you have done:": : f As I looked at her a wave of the old love swept over me; and I said, "Ellen, even. at this moment, when allmy .trust :and confi dence in you has left me, when my mind and reason feel convinced of your guilt,. I will, nevertheless, do as you wish if you will make some slight effort to atone for the misery yoiU have brsight'on Usi both by con fe~sing all. Of what value can a promise made to such a man be?.>,It was sinful to m~ake it, and it is doubly sinful to persist in your silence." I felt a little glow of virtue at .the conelusion 'of. my magnanimous speech, and fully expected that she would aive wa. No,:to my snroxiaem b naver moved a muscle.. ' Arthur, I masnet de I what' you ask; it is lbt' for you that I i should not speak now. Heaven help us all, dear P' Then she stooped down and kissed me on the forehead, and moved quietly out of the 1 room with a face of such hopeless, stony despair as I pray I may never see again. But at the time the passionate demon of t jealousy and mistrust still held me in his t clutch.. My last efforts had proved power- t less to make her swerve from her allegiance to her lover, and now the matter was ended. t I was resolved to do my best-my worst. I could not obtain reparation or even confes sion; then I would enjoy my revenge. The court was very full next day. My t case came on in the afternoon. It was not a dificult one for me. The evidence was plain, and, generally ,speaking, strong. The factsawere as follows;-Guy Hammers- t ley 'had been employed in a mercantile f house' in the City-the firm of Joshua Stone croft and Co. ' The signature of the firm had been forged to a cheque for`£200; 1ind the hand-writing was identified as that of g Hammersley. Only the clumsiest efforts had evidently been made to disguise his curiously- eccentric style of caligraphy, and. q and the most characteristic letters were clearly in his hand. Proof was forthcoming that he had ample opportunity of obtaining t access to the cheque-books of the firm, and i also that he was severely pressed for money, and had been borrowing wherever t he could. ' d On the other hand, the specimens of his e writing in the firm's books were chiefly con fined to routine language, the same words 1 beingrepeated over and over again, and it a was just possible that, in spite of the cliar acteristic letters in the forged signature, the jury might refuse to convict unless we could produce some document in which similar words to those of the signature 5 occurred. However, I felt pretty confident e as to the result. By some means or other Ihe accused had managed to retain the ser vices of a well-known Q.C., and as I rose to open the case, and caught his expression of calm satisfaction, I grew more nervous. d The expert on' handwriting gave his evi dence, and then the counsel for the defence rose to cross examine. As I expected, he a drew attention to the want of specimens of the accused's ordinary style of penmanship E as employed in his private correspondence, b and made so many strong points that I s began to lose my self-control. ' Hammersley was standing in the dock with his arms on the rail in front of him, and his face fixed intently on his counsel. a He had not met my eye once yet; but I could tell that he felt exactly where I was sitting, and followed instinctively my every h action. I was filled with a pitiless determi nation to ruin him if by any means I could h do so. 'I had already made stronger efforts to secure his conviction than the evidence ii seemed to justify. I felt like some aveng- k ing spirit. ' Just then one of the ushers " slipped a note into my hand, end jerked his t' head towards the callery.to.indicate whence h he had received it. It was in Ellen'~iliihtid writing, a hasty pencil scrawl. "For God's sake, Arthur, throw up your brief even now. He is far more to me than n you dream.of." c' When I had read it I turned my eyes to ) the place where Ellen was sitting, looking si like some fair marble statue, and, gazing u steadily at her, I tore the note into piece, and strewed them lightly on the floor, . " More to me than you dream of." I began to hate her as well as him now. Surely she P might have retrained from giving me this c further reminder of the love she bore him. 1 Ift I had been flurried and confused before, 1' Inow became as cool as a cucumber. I ran rapidly over in my mind the points that had gone against me in this case so far. Drawing frmn my pocket the accusing letter, I felt that I held in my hand conclusive proof of the prisoner's guile. By. this time the counsel for the defendant had finished his cross-examination of my witnesses-as he seemed to think with considerable sue cess-so I rose'and addressed the Judge. k " My Lord, I have to request that I may be permitted to go into the witness-box and give evidence." His Lordship stared at me for a moment and the various counsel turned towards one another with looks of astonishment. I' re peated my request.' "The course you are adopting, sir, is very unusual, as you doubt less know; but you can be sworn, of course, and tender your evidence, if you are in pos session of facts in your private capacity which have a material bearing on the case." t With all eyes turned one me, I stepped into t the witness-box and took the oath. "I t have here a private note in the accused's handwriting addressed to my wife. It acci dentally came into my possession a month ago. In it the word ' Stonecroft' occurs, and I ask permission to put "the note into court as evidence of the prisoner's caligraphy with special reference to the word ' Stone. croft' as occurring in the forged signature." There 'was a disturbance upstairs. Ellen had fainted and been carried out. ' " The note was handeduptothe Judge,who ecanned it curiously, and then passed it to the jury, who leanteagerly over it. I felt. I had won the case. The eminent Q.C. op posed to me requested permission to see I the' document wvhich :had "been sprung upon the court so suddenly, and witli?h asuhch an appearance of mystery." He.. ?miled contemptuously as he looked at it, and then cdmmenced to read it alood, first saying, "I shall have no difficulty in proving to you, gentlemen of the jury, that this note could not havebeen written by my client." As he proceeded with the letter, Hammnrsley growing more and more excited as he heard the contents read out in open court, made frequent efforts to interrupt, but was sternly silenced by his counsel, but in vain. At the conclusion of the note the accused turamed to theJudge, and givingmeone look of min gled pity and contempt, he exalaimed, "My Lord, I admit that this note was written by me, but in justice to the lady whose name has been so unwarrantably dlragged into this miserable business, I must state a oir cumstance of which the counsel for the pro secition is doubtless ignorant from the con itruction which he. evidently .puts on its contents, and that circumstance is, that I amher brother." Scarcely knowing what I was doing, I ex citedly proposed tocall my wife to disprove the prisoner's assertion, but the' Judge, of -ourse, ruled that the matter was entirely erelevant, as the only material: point was the handwriting, which the prisoner had admitted, and now all the incidents which had led to my conclusions against Ellen rushed through my mind, and as I looked a-them allin the new light east by Ham. mersle' attement, a fearful certainty as 'o the terrible mistake I had been making farceditself onmy mind. My brain whirled as I saw all the fearful misery I had caused. Overwrought as I was I fell back speechless in my seat, and was helped out of the court by a friendly brother junior.. Weeks after wards I learnt the conclusion' of the case. The prisoner's counsel drew attention to the fact that in spite of a curious resem blance between the writing in the note and the forged signature, there were palpably traces that the latter was an imitation of the former. He also produced a piece of blot ting paper, picked up in the merchant's office in which Hammersley was employed, on which were the traces of repeated copies of Guy's handwriting-clumsy at first, and then more and more like, beginning with ordinary words and letters, and at last ending with the signature, "' Joshua Stone croft," the forged signature, at first with the letters separated, and then finally in the form of a complete signature. The handwriting, as plainly shown in the first clumsy attempts, was that of- a fellow-. clerk, who, it was shown, had borne a grudge against Guy,and who, when wanted, was found to have bolted. In view of this very strong defence the accused was ao quitted. All this, as I have' said, I learnt long afterwards, for duringthe next sik weeks I was prostrate with brain fever. One evening I woke from uneonsciousness to find my own dear wife sitting by my bed side, holding my wasted hand, which I could not yet even lift from the coverlet. As the whole dreary drama came flittng backin disconnected fragments to my mind, I in stinctively turned my head away. I could not yet bear to meet the gaze of her whom I had so wronged. But Ellen, like the dear, sweet woman she is, took my head in her hands, and, leaning over me, whispered, "Darling, my own dear husband, look at me; I have been waiting for you to know me for weeks. Don't try to talk, dear; I understand what you wish to say, but it is all past and gone now." The tears rolled down my cheeks as I met her loving eyes, and read there the same sweet story of her. unshaken love which I used to know so well-only that now it seemed deeper, ten derer, and more divine than of old. In a week's time I was permitted to sit up in my bed-room, and could watch Ellen as she moved quietly about the room-I was never tired of gazing at her now, remember ing how nearly, as it seemed to me, I had been to losing her. One bright afternoon she said to me, "Arthur, deas, I am going to bring someone to see you this afternoon, if I may." I guessed what was going to happen, and was quite prepared when, half an hour later, the door opened, and Ellen came forward, saying, "Dearest, I want to introduce my brother, Guy Channing, to my husband." We didn't talk much that after noon, but sat round the fire, Ellen with her head on my shoulder, holding Guy's hand. Poor fellow ! He had had a hard time of it for the last- ten years, and had bees knocking about over half the world; then, when hehad made a really desperate effort to settle down and "run quite straight" (as he himself sadly put it), this horrible busi-. noes cropped up and narrowly missed ruin ing three lives. Too proud to l?tietiknow Ihad married the sister of a "man like me, who seemed :destined to end up as a convict," Guy had forbidden her to disclose ,ne word of the affair, or to let me have the slightest hint of the relationship between us, and but for the slur I had cast upon my wife in open court he would never have let the fact become known to me. Years have gone by since then-years of perfect, happiness to me-and I have at .east made some headway in my profession, though, much to Ellen's surprise, I have not yet been mentioned for the woolsack; still, whenever I am retained in a case of forgery, my mind instinctively goes back to my first forgery case, and I feel glad that I lost it. Ilouselhold Wlords. 