'WE KNOW IN PART.' [By Ithe Bev. Chaeeks H. Pabehcest, D.D.I 'We know in part.' We wish we knew more. To understand why we know so little will reconcile us to our own ignorance and to that of others, and opens to us the door where we shall know as we are known. This un finished knowledge is natural and necessary. Truth is a diamond with a thousand faces. Truth is fixed, and we are born fixed in ouc relations to it, in a specific angle with it. We are related, as are objects to a sunbeam. Each. cannot see the sun rise on the west side of a house. There is no all- aronndment. Beoausa a particular truth strikes our eye with irre sistible effect it does not another, he is not so made. One truth is felt keenly, while all truth makes little impression. Each has his own little patch of truth to cultivate, and so he gets more of that on the market. Give tc everything which has the appearance of life the chance to grow. If it has only the semblance of life^it will die without killing-. The light is brilliant because it is brilliant, and not because of one's eyes. If one has no sense of, or care for, a truth he need not be con sidered an ugly Christian or an idiot. People quarrel about different things, and get mad about it. Everything is peculiar, until one has seen it, and gotten used to it. We also allow the bent we are born with to assert a mastery over us, and make that deter mine the Scripture we shall make dominant in our thought, or hinder appreciation of new truth. So each constructs a little Bible of hia own, a room for our private occupancy, and burses that in him which is least needed. A man's library will disclose his bent. His own view keeps riim narrow, and other books will be used only as whetstones. The thing we know and feel intensely gets between us and! others ; and, as a river beween the moun tains, the narrower its channel the swifter its flood. Some are so occupied with matters of spirit as to have no place for anything scientific. Our habitation makes us awkward m other places, and for this reason the clergy are not scientific. Our mental powers shape them selves to the element they deal with, as a dyer is stained with his dyes. So engrossment with scientific truth is an embarrassment with religious truth. Failure to exercise a faculty loses its power. If you want your boy to be a. Christian, see to it that he gets his mind trained in those faculties that attend to spiritual truth, eke he will have a blind eye for it. We are tyrannised over by our interest in one kind of tenth which destroys our capacity for other kinds. By a deliberate act of our own we veto truth ; we say we will not have it. It must say — By your leave I will enter. No one is likely to be persuaded againso his will. You must split along the line of the cleavage. The sun cannot melt the snow in the Alpine height. The trouble is in the man and not the argu ment. The argument must be adapted to the man. Truth must be asked in. Christ stands at the door and knocks. We let in truth as far as we choose. We can let the water run, and control it by the faucet. Every one has his gauge set. Good hearing is harder than good preaching. A sermon depends three-quarters on the pews. There must be an opendooc from the truth to the heart. Then the Holy Ghost falls on the hearer. There is rich soil in every heart, and if the seed can ever geb into it then something will come of it. Leb the heart and truth touch, and all will be right. Each has his destiny in his own hands. It depends on his hearing, and that begins before he comes to church. Bain will do no good oa frozen ground. Truth will ble3S as as we opeo our hearts to it. Certain elements of Christian knowledge can come only with years. Experience is the only teacher of these truths. Book knowledge cannot give them. Wisdom is gained by letting the threads of truth weave themselves into the issue of one's mind. One must visit a country to know it. We make the Bible ours by our becoming the Bible. Only the prodigal can understand the prodigal, We have only begun to understand Paul's love chapter. We can cast our burden on the Lord, only when we have had burdens. Stars cannot shine their best till evening. Old age brings new sides to some things. 