* - i A ROMANCE OF THE PAR WEST. , V . < ' : CHAPTER I. .The day was yet young. -Low'on the western horizon hung a cop- pery haze, sure presage of the beat, which, in a few hours, would send the thermome- ter up. to something like 90deg in the shade. The east was all aglow with gorgeous color, fiery crimson and deep-toned orange, melting into softer gradations of amber and gold as the long rays shot obliquely across the .undulating sea of grass, sweep- ing away the faint shadows of the dawn, and throwing into; strong relief the dark outline of horse and rider ascending the rising ground that verged on the wide - stretch of prairie« The traveller pulled up. on gaining the top of the ridge, and took a deliberate survey of the . surrounding country. "1 reckon I shouldn't be far off the track," he remarked aloud, as he knocked out his pipe on the saddle, and prooeeded to reßll. it from, an : indifferently-supplied tobacco pouch, . " not if that half-breed devil gave me the right bearings. What was it he said, due west across the prairie, keep to the left along the ridge till you pass twa clumps of cuca. bushes--there they are. Another hour will bring me to the ranche, and a good job. too. The whisky's done, the 'baccy's running out, and I'm . about sick of .flying around and knowing no : more than a coyote where my next day's rations are to come from. If Harding hae ' struck ile,' , as they seemed to think down Kansas way, I'll be in clover by this time to-morrow, or my name isn't Gordon Loree. There's a longish score to settle between Harding and me, and he's bound to make an old pal welcome, anyway." He repeated the latt words once or twice, laughing softly to himself, as he lighted his pipe and urged his tired horse forward. > Another hour's riding brought him to a rough track. The ground on the right fell away suddenly, forming a little valley, sheltered on two sides by the natural walls of the ravine. The hollow was dotted over with building8""and plots of ground en- closed by streng fencing. - '«* Good position," commented Mr. Loree, as he leisurely descended the slope ; " nice stock place, and plenty of well fenced feed lots'. Harding's in luck. There's money in this ranche, and I mean to have my pickings." ' Once on lève! ground the traok widened <|pto a regular road, apparently dividing loables and feed lots from the home place. " Loree walked his horse slowly along,1 mentally noting and appraising tbe value of tbe property. "It hasn't cost a little to finish up this fencing," he thought, with a keen glanoe at the, light plank enclosure OD his left. " There's been a lot of money ;pat into the place. It won't be long, I guess, before some comes out again.. I've been living short for, the last six months, and low water don't suit my constitution. I shan't be sorry to. have the fingering of Harding's; dollars." ; , His reflections were broken by the sound of voices and the soft thud of hoofs over .turf. ".. " Put up the bar, Jake," cried, someone at no great distance, " and I'll bring him round again." .. , Twenty yards ahead was a slight rise in the ground. [Loree pushed forward and standing up in his stirrups, looked over into the paddock. Across a leaping bar a girl was schooling a young horse, handling the hot- blooded chestnut with a skill and judgment that -evoked silent commendations from the spectator on the other side of the fence« Gordon Loree was no mean judge of either a horse or a woman, and he watched with lively interest the struggle going forward between the " mustang" and its rider. Seven times the horse refused. Eight times the girl brought hiá^fback to the obstacle, with a steady command of seat and temper, which was proof against the animal's desperate efforts to rid himself of the incubus on his back. At last moral force prevailed over brute obstinacy. The mustang surrendered at discretion and flew the bar, jumping like a cat, with good two feet tb spare. Loree drew a quick breath of satis- faction. " Gad I" he ejaculated approvingly. "She can ride, that young woman. What hands she's got, and what a seat. There ain't many petticoats, even in the States, that could sit a buck-jumper like that. She must have been bred in the saddle, and as ' good looking aa they make 'em too." He "paused, critically surveying the girl's supple, well-developed figure, as she leaned forward to speak to the lad' who was adjusting the bar. She was not more than 20 yards away, and Loree could see that she was quita young, about 17 or 18, he judged, and above the average height. She was a strikingly hand- some brunette, with olear, warm coloring and really magnificent brown eyes. Her sh apely .head was well, poised on a firm white neck. The thick, ourly hair, twisted, into a great knot, and pinned securely under a wide brimmed felt hat. ., ; She wore a short, serviceable riding skirt, , much the worse for wear, and the remainder of har nnetnmA in np way differed from that of the boy at her aide., It consisted of a blue shirt, with a turn-down collar, secured at the waist by¿a strong leather belt. " As good looking aa they make 'em," repeated Loree, admiringly. " Clean built, sound as a bell* and fit as a fiddle. Be- longs to the place, evidently. The question is, who is she P A second wife, or -- ? No, too young and too well-bred. There's a likeness to someone-I've seen that face before, if I could only, put a name to it. Why --" a light seemed to break in upon him, and he brought his hand down smartly on his thigh. " I have it. Lord 1 I'd forgotten how the years slip by. It's little Lorrie. Little Lorrie grown into as daisy a girl as you'd find between here and 'Frisco. That's the Vallance mouth and chin , to a line. If she was the old chap's own daughter she couldn't be more like him. M It's astonishing how the blood comes out. Education be bio wed I lt's breeding that tells« You'd swear anywhere that girl came of good stock, yet her mother was a ballet dancer, and I'll lay my bottom dollar she hasn't had schooling enough to pass the sixth standard. Fancy little Lorrie grown into a woman. How she used to hate me. Little Lorrie 1" The name evoked a vision of a shabby, ill-kept room, misty with the fumes of to- bacco and whisky, and of a tiny, dark eyed child, hardly more than a baby, who had struggled fiercely to escape from his strong grasp, striking at him with impotent little fists, and crying that he was an ugly man, who made Daddy cross, and she wouldn't kiss him, no, not if he killed her for it. - " I'd clean forgotten the child," he mused, aa' he turned into the road again. "This will complicate matters. Harding was fond of her as a kid ; he'll be proud of her now, and unies he's strangely altered in 14 years he'll resent the screw. I ex- pected him to stand up a bit for himself, but I reckon he'll fight for the girl." The owner of Fair water ranche was standing at the door when his uninvited guest ; dismounted, a tall, well-built man, with à certain undefinable somethiug about him-that stamp and hall mark of the English public school which no inequalities of fortune can wholly obliterate from him on whom it has been set. Years of hard living, and too liberal indulgence in stimu- lants, had; left their traces on a face that had once been.singularly handsome; but despite the deterioration ot the olaeses and | the levelling tendencies of compulsory f education* the lines of demarcation are f still strongly defined, and even in his I rough and ready dress, innooent of the I civilising influences of a linen collar and the use of Bay and Martin/' Dace Hardin g \, carried the cachet of that much- misused j classifaotory term-the gentleman. f "He hasn't altered muoh. I'd have 1 known him anywhere," was Loree's com- j ment, as he swung himself out of the saddle. His own individuality was less \ certain since Harding had palpably failed ! to recognise him at the first glance. f " Your memory is shorter than mine, | Dace," he said with a laugh, "or else | time has used me worse than I fancied. I j hardly thought you'd want an introduction. * j No need to ask how you've been getting on I these 14 years. Your luck's turned at last. j 1 heard down Kansas way that you'd made i your pile and gone in for ranching, and I ' said to myself, ' Harding isn't the chap to turn his back on an old pal, leastways not such a pal as me; I'll look him up.' So. here I am. You know me now, don't, 1 you r" At the sound of the well-remembered : voice, Harding's expression had changed from mere curiosity to one of .blank dis-. may, giving place by quick transitions to anger, disgust, and something very like fear. He opened his lips to speak, hesi- tated,' and passed his. hand across his mouth with the nervous aotion of a man suddenly confronted by an unforeseen and unsuspected danger. Loree watched him with silent amuse- ment. He possessed a strong sense of humor. " You're a d- bad actor, Dace," he . remarked, pleasantly. " You'd have been no good for « The Diplomatic' you'd stayed at home like a good boy and made use of his Grace, old Bottleneck's influence. You might as well relieve your feelings, and say you wish me at blazes. I don't bear malice. I'm a man of the world, and know when we come to the surface, we . don't care about meeting the pals we made when we ' went under.' But you're a man of the World, too, and you know, or ought to, that it's < needs must when the devil drives.' His Satanic Majesty has driven me pretty bard the last few months, and I've got to live somehow. When I heard that you'd * touched color,' I saw my, way to making a bit, either in the shape of a little timely assistance from an old chum who's had a run of luck and can afford to - be generous, pr," he paused, studying Harding's countenance attentively before he added, " or as the price of a secret which is made worth my while to keep." A hot flush rose on the younger man's bronzed face, and the fingers of his left, hand clenched involuntarily. " It's a bit too late in the day for that game, Loree. I haven't gone about these 14 years without learning a thing or two, and I know better than to let myself be gagged by a blackmailer.. You'd had enough out of me in all conscious before we dissolved partnership« It was your, own proposition. You wouldn't have left me until you knew I was cleaned out. We agreed to go our own ways, and you have . no ' more claim on me than I have on you. I tell you frankly that I have broken with the old life, and I don't care to revive association with the past. If you are hard up, I'm willing to help you with a trifle, as I'd help any fellow who was down on his luck ; but I'll be hanged if I stir a finger for you or any other nun who tries to intimidate me. My'position is not what it was 14 years ago, my frielad." " That's so," assented Loree ; " you'd ' precious little character to IOBG in those days, and no coin worth mentioning. But you have property now, and sort of posi- tion, and--a daughter, to consider., You aren't so sharp as you think yourself, Dace, or you'd have ku own better than to invest your money within reach of the extradi- tion treaty. I've seen little Lorrie. She's a handsome girl. She'd run a poor ohance, left to take care of herself, while her father was in qu There was no mistaking the fear in Harding's eyes now, and the hand he laid, on Loree's arm was shaking sensibly. " Come inside," he said abruptly ¿ " we can't talk here.". ' " True for you," was the laconic reply " There's no knowing who might overhear. Let's have the matter out quietly. v, I'm. ; willing enough . to keep things, pleasant, but business is business, you know., What 1 shall I do with the triare P" ? r , Silently Handing led the way to the stables. He was striving to fight down' the dread et his heart, the. cold sense ot coming evil which made him feel physi- cally and actually sick ; striving to assure himself that he had really nothing to fear, that the ghost of a long past crime had not risen after all these years to haunt him with the ever-present terror of exposure.. He was conscious--horribly oonscious that Loree's eyes were fixed on his face : that this man who had once been his con- fidant and. companion, wes reading him like an open book, well knowing that his victim was helpless, and must in the end surrender to any terms he chose to dic- tate. If ever a man committed murder in his heart, compassing in will and desire another's death, that man was Dace Hard- ing. Twice his fingers stole involuntarily towards his belt, and Loree's keen black eyes followed the. movement. He smiled each time the hand was withdrawn again -empty, but he was careful not to precede his host as the two men went back to the house and turned into the pleasant, shady living room that opened on one. side of the wide verandah. . The room, which was plainly but com- fortably furnished, was not wanting in certain indications of taste. The half dozen pictures on the wall were etchings framed in plain mouldings. : Handsome skins had been flung over a couple of low basket chairs. The square, roomy sofa was covered by a deep- toned Indian blanket, and there was a . piano. ... A little table in the window was piled with books.and the paraphernalia of feminine work, and last, and most significant hint of a woman's presence, there were several vases of flowers. With a quick glance to right and left to assure himself that no one was within ear- shot, Harding closed the window. Then he shut the koor, and, turning on his com- panion demanded shortly " What do you want ?" , " First and foremost, a drink," .Loree had dropped into one of the basket chairs, and was lolling back with all a tired man's enjoyment of a comfortable seat. ** I reckon you haven't altogether lost your taste for whisky, and my throat is as dry as a lime-kiln." There was a cupboard in one corner bf the room. Dace produced from its depths a bottle of whisky and some glasses. ',. He brought a jug of water from a side table, and pushed the spirit towards his unwel- come guest. Loree helped himself liber- ally. ';. . " That's good,": he said, drawing in his lips with a gentle sucking sound indica- tive of inward satisfaction. *' You've a discriminating taste in. whisky, Dace, though you never had much of a head fox liquor." Harding squirmed at the familial " Dace." ". " I don't suppose you came here to tell me that," he said sullenly. " I did not, my son. I came to get money." " , " I've told you that I've no objection tc giving you a trifle." ' .' " A trifle won't do. See here, Harding, 'tis no use beating'about the bush. I've let you alone for 14 years. As long as I could keep myself going, I didn't bother you. Now that I'm on my beau, ends, cleaned out, stone broke, it. isn't ir nature for me to go on keeping your secrei for nothing. Its price depends on whài my silence is worth to you. As I say you've money and property, and you: daughter to think about. I fancy I kno* your game. You've pulled yourself to gether, and you've had a run of luok Now you mean to ' make your pile * anc go back to tjhe old country a reformée character. You: want to see your girl i lady, and mean to marry her among he: own people, or your own people rather, for she comes of two sorts, mixet good and bad. Well, it's reasonable enough, all that ; is, but j ou didn' calculate for me. Thought I was dead Yes, a good many others swallowed thosi little paragraphs in the papers. It was i smart notion of mine, dying just then But, you see, I've come to life again, and I's the only witness wanting to complete th chain bf evidenoe against you, There wa £100 reward, I remember, for « such infoi mation as . would lead to a conviction/ an I'm a poor man. Since you've been, foe enough io plant yourself within reach ô thé extradition, Tve only to say. the word,, and you're 'doáe for.' « The1 Yard '' never' got over'losing the olue to that business.' Their vanity was touched, and they'd jump at a chance of reopening the case. No I you're fairly under my thumb, Daoe, and you may .as well come to terms. I shan't ' be too hard on an old friend! " " Friend 1" retorted Harding. " A. nice sort of friend ' that, will sell one to the highest bidder." i , " I'm my own friend first, sonny. I want money. You have a secret to be kept, and you can afford to pay for it. Come, Dace, be reasonable. I've no wish to turn the screw too tight, but you ought to know better than to try and come the heavy swell over me. « Treat me kind, and I'm ile, olive ile '-you know the rest." . " How much do you want P" "I'm modest. 250dol for the present. I'll take out the rest in board and lodging." " You can't stay here," Harding objected, inwardly writhing with impotent wrath. " Can't I P I'm going to, anyway. I've a fancy to see a bit of ranching, and I want to improve my acquaintance with little L-." ; " Lorraine "-Harding was holding him- self with difficulty-" strongly objects tc the use or that diminutive. She prefers ? " Lorrie came over to his chair, slipping her arm about her father's neck'." '' - ? ber baptismal name when she is not called' -?Miss 'Harding." .« Harding being so very particularly her rightful name," sheered the other, !« I ;will respeot Miss Harding's wishes." ; r ; 