PEOPLE'S CONCERT. A capital programme was provided at the above concert on Saturday evening last, at tbe Temperance-hall, lAaruet- street, but the attendance, though fairly good, was not np to erpecta'ions. Mr. F. G. Francis opened the evening's entertainment by an overture on the piano, the playing -of which was greatly admired, and showed that he was master of that instrument' A -very .pretty opening chorus ' Balm of Gilead was fault lessly given by the company. ' Hazel DeU ' i by Mr. Thompson was very well sung A comic song, 'Swim out for Glory, ' uas excellently (given by Mr. W. Smith (bones}. Mr. W. Harricks sang'' Bring back the one I love ' in good style. . *? I'll wander back again ' was splendidly sung by Mr. Gregory. Comic song, 'Two lovely black eyes,' by Mr. G. Lee (tambo), was also well given. Mr. R. Parkinson very ably sang ' Say a kind word.' Master Bert Humphreys sang very sweetly ' Carry me back to Tennesee.' The first part was concluded by Mr. G. Lee, who spun tbe yarn about ' Brown's horse.' D. C. Armstrong, Esq., J.P., took the chair for the second put, and needless to say the duties of chairman were very ably carried out by him. In a few pleasing remarks he tA fho nrnrt nf Kfp. H . W. PranniR ae being one worthy of the support of all the people of the Poit, and be hoped success would crown bis efforts. A pianoforte selec- - tion by Mr. F. C. Frauds was artistically rendered. Mr. Gregory sang 'Tbe skipper's j flog' in good voice. Comic song, 'The j night I played Richard the Third, by Mr, ! A Blenkarn wu so well song that an encore j .was demanded, and Bang'*Inmy hand.' ] A pathetic song, ' ' TOie Fishenhan and his J^ras iiieely sunfs JbyMr. Harricks-i ' just look at niy whiekera,' in character, -was wieU given by Mr. R. Parkinson A sketch, ' Hamlet s Ghost,' was very well performed by Messrs. Lee and Smith. Mr. ! H. W. Francis' voice was beard to good | effect in tbe song ** Gallants of England.' Mr. Ware contributed a character song 'Tbe warrior bold ' in such a capital manner that be bad to respond to an encore, ' Poo caps ' being given. Master Bert Humphreys sang very nicely ' Take a day off Mary Ann,' but bis voice is much better suited t3 sentimental songs. 33ie comical farce, ' Barnaul's ball,' concluded the programme, tbe characters of : the farce being so well sustained that the audience were kept in continuous laughter. ' This evening fresh novelties and farces will appear, and a capital programme will be given. Mr. C. H. Mania will occupy the chair. 