TWO NIGdTS IN A WOBK HOUSE (pall stall oaxettb.) I he accommodation provided for the desti- j tutein tho casual wards is attraction a good deal of attention just now on all sides, and from ' many points of view. The president of tho Local Government Board has given striking evidence of the importance he attaches to the subject by his u surprise” visit of inspec tion to some of the East-cad Casual 'Wards. Inspection is good, but experience i3 better. The inalo “ Amateur Carnal ” is an old story in the Pull Mull Gazette, aud his pieee of bread still figures in the Museum at this £ oflice. But no attempt has yet been made, so far as we are aware, to throw the search-light of experimental journalism upon tho condition of tue female casual. Mr. .Ritchie, we observe, limited even his Inspection to the male casuals. But at the ,same time that tho president of tho Local Government Board was makiug his tour Of inspection iu the East-end a lady representa tive of the Pall Mall Gazette was taking her tom as au Amateur Casual. Sho stayed in two nights, and tho following is the plain, un varnished tale of her experiences. We will for tho present leave our readers to draw their owu morals, if any, confining ourselves on this ocoMton to the bare recital of our Amateur 1 Casual’* experiences and impressions:— It., was bitterly cold on tho evening a few days ago when, after eating the very largest meal I over had in my life, I set out for rona of the workhouses in tho poorest parts of London. It is quite clo3e to the 'docks—in a neighbourhood, as every body knows, where poverty aud wretchedness j abound. That is why I selected it. I drew j my old dolman tightly round me—it was so very, old that no pawnbroker would have taken •it as a gift—and walked fast to get warm. But ths cold went through my rags and pierced me to the bone. It was quit© dark when I reached the workhouse. I had with me a humble friend —the woman who lent me the things I was Wearing—to show me tho way. 111 believe this is the door,99 she said, pulling a bell. I was astonished, fori expected to see a shivering crowd waiting to be admitted. But there was ■obody. This seemed to me strange at the time; but I think I can understand it now. A woman opened the door—I couldn't see her -face in the darkness—and a couple of big dogs ■Blade their appearance. 44 Is that the casual ward ?" asked my friend. ;4 Yes; what do you want ?” was the reply. 41 Nothing; only this young woman wants a night’s lodging.” . ••‘Well, what have you got to do with it?” .snapped the other. “She’s big enough to speak for herself, I should think. Have you got‘nowhere to go?” was the next question, •addressed to me. “No,”! answered, simply. t “ WolJj What are you, married or single? Have you ever dotie any work ?” “ A widow. When I can got work, I work •at paper—bags. “ Well, it you come in you’ll have to pick two pounds of oakum, and tf your tusk isn't done by 11 o’clock in the morning you won’t go out till tho following day, Wednesday.” I said that I had quick huger*, and if tho task was anything like a reasonable one I could do ■it. The woman was tho wife of the auperinten dont, I iiyimed afterwards, fcjhe was fair aud florid, clean, and neatly dressed. I somehow imagined that her hard expression an-i snappish manner were bath assumed. She left me .standing ia tho pasiwgo in cure of the two big dogs, and went into the oflice to enter purti cuIar-> in a hook. “ Where did you sleep last night ?” I gave an address in a bick street at Loud on Fields—baldly, as I hoou to be forgiven. “Hackney way, isn’t it? I don’t think there’s a street of that uani9 there.” “ You oin look and see,” I said. “ In tho directory ? ” (with a look of real or feigned surprise.) 44 How old are you ? ” I gave my correct age, but there is no reason whf I should toll it boro. “ Have you any money about you ? ” 41 Nor knives?” “No.” In answer to other questions, I said that I was makiug my wav to Bromley inKeat. where I hoped to find a relation who would give me shelter. The woman came out of tho office aud opened a door opposite mo, to call somebody. A man came forward whom she seat downstairs for something, and I just caught agliranseof a narrow stone pis sage with a row of doors on each aide. The man came back in a minute or two with ft piut can throe-parts filled with porridge and ft pbnuy loaf. “Take your supper aud go upstairs,” said the woman. She wout up with me, followed by one of the big dogs. I was taken into a bithroom. 44 Sit down there and eat your supper. You’ll have a ba*h/’ . .The hot watertapwaa tumodonand allowed to run a brat ..«ix.inches.of water in the bath. I gulped down a few spoonfuls of tho porridge. It was rather nasty. There was a lot of suit in it, and I got two or three half-dissolved lumps in ray mouth. “With difficulty I managed to eat a fow mouth fuls of bread. I said I wm not dirty, and didn’t need a bath. But tho woman tola me I ehould bo compelled to have it, uad I could sea from hei manner that she meant what she said. So I undressed, aud told her I could manage. 44 Oh, no; I must watch you in.” I didn’t apeak for a few seconds, but when I had untied all my rags, and was ready to slip them u!Y I Mid, “Well, I have some sense of per tonal decency, hut if you will stand there of course it can’t be helped.” “ Oh. you ueodn’t mind mo; I see all aorta of people. It’s not so bad as having a man standing by. I can’t leave you. What if you were to commit suicide—hang yourself or cut your throat ? Throw tho water over your back. I am not supposed ‘o lauva this door while you are iu there. You say you’re a paper-bag maker. I should Vo thought a youug woman like you was lit for ■omething bettor.” 44 I’ve not been at it long,” I said. 441 have ; come down in the world through no fault of my She went out for a second, but the dog lay Outside the open door keeping wateh. 4* You needn’t be afraid of tho dog.” she said, coming back. 44 He’s hero to protect mo. There’s some desperate character* in here sometimes. He nearly had a woman who was in about a fortnight ago. She was drunk and got hold of 44 Are there many people here to-night?” I ventured to ask. 44 Your’e tho only woman, and there won’t be any more to-uight. They don't like coining here. It’s too clean. They like to go to some of the other, pi aces where they’re all together. Here they don’t see each other/’ 44 But aren’t there any men ?” 44 Oh, yea, alot down-tairs/’ 44 What am I to put on ?”. 44 You’ll have n nightdress. There it is ; you’re not allowed to take anything of your .own into your cell.” I put the-nightdress on. It was mode of very coarse ►tuff and only reached to . my knees. “ Hold your clothes up together in a bundle. You’il tuko them with you to your cell door aud leave them outside. You can put on your shoes to g6flown the passage. Take your bread with you: I can’t throw it away.” I wai shown into a little stone call, about the size of an ordinary bithroom, with white- ! washed walls. It had a small window, high enough to be out of reach, contained an iron bedstead, a straw mattress and .bolster, and two rugs. I was locked in. There was au aperture with iron bars at tho top of tho cell on tho same side as the door, auu I got some gaelight from tho passage through this. Across one side of tho floor there was a ho*-water pipe, but it neve**, when I touched it, was ever more than warm, I wrapped myself in tho blankets and lay down, but the bedstead wis bo short that to keep in my feet I had to lie somewhat crouched up, I tried to be philosophical, but this was difficult, for I was shivering horribly. It would soon be all over though, I kept saving to myself, aud I resolved to work as I could at my task next morning, so that I might get out at 11. At midnight, when every thing was quiet, l began to wiffi I hadn't read “ Beal Ghost Stories.” I covered up my face and tried to go to sleep. But I couldn’t even get drowsy; and it was a positivo relief to me in the small hours of the morning to hear somebody snore. I scarcely had a wink of sleep all night. About half-past C iu the morning the door of my cell was unlocked: not by the woman I saw at night—an older woman, with a more for bidding expression. She didn't speak at first. I suppose she thought that to stare wa3 as good as to speak. I got up. “Taka your bed in there,” she said, pointing to the cell opposite. “BriDg out the rugs as well. Take in your clothes,” I was locked in again. The woman came back in about ten minutes with a can of , porridge such as I had at night and another loaf. | 44 Take your breakfast,” she said, and locked j me injust as before. T had only had a mouth- i ful or two of the porridge when she came in again. This time she brought with her dozen pieces of cart-rope, each about lOin, long.’ ' T*' /•‘.You’ve never done any. of this sort of .work?,”, . . .. .... . . 44 No.” - ; 1 ‘ : ' . * £hq took up one piece of rope, untwisted a coil, and thrashed it against the iron bedstead. J It was now in about 40 pieces of string. She? nartlv threaded to fluff one pieco to show me how to do it. “ How long will it take mo to do it all ?” I “ Nearly all day, I reckon.” 44 If I work very hard, can’t I get it finished by Hr” •* No. you couldn’t finish it by then. 1 ou re not going out to-day. you know,” sue said rather tauntingly. “The missus told you you weren’t last night.” She went out, but cann hack in a minute or two with a can of water. Seeing that I wa3 working instead of eating my breakfast, she said, “ You’re not going out to-day, my girl, so cat your breakfast.” I went on working without making any answer. The men downstairs weru breaking stones. To the sound of thsir ceaseless hammering I thrashed and tore away at the ropo as fast ns my fingers could inovo, nover stopping to rest for a minute. It was tarred ami very bard ami sticky. I supp030 the time must have boon about 11 when “ the missus ** looked in and Baid, “ Well, how arc you getting A little prattling baby girl had followed her to the door, and she pushed iu her inquisitive little face to look at me. “ I am afraid I haven’t made much progress,” I said. I had shredded two pieces of the rope, and there were 10 more to do yet. “Heat it against your bedstead,” said the woman. “You’ll find that’ll soften it a good deal,” I told her that I had been doing that. “Yes, but you don’t beat it half hard enough.” She went away, locking the cell door as usual. I went ou working fast and steadily for abont another three hours. My ahouldeis were beginning to ache, and I had blisters on the first and second fingers of my right hand that were getting very painfuL One, in fact, had become raw, and was bleeding. The woman who brought me my breakfast brought me my dinner. It was a pieco of cheese and auother penny loaf. She wasn’t so boorish^ this time. She asked me if I wanted another can of fresh drinking water. I didn’t touch the bread and cheese, but went on working. I had got five pieces of the rope shredded, and there was only the afternoon left to finish the other seven. It would be too dark to work after 6. What if I didn’t get finished before then! I was getting into a feverish, distracted state. “Do you think I shall get it done to-day V9 I asked. “It’B to be hoped so,” said in a tone that implied that she did not think anything of the sort, “You’ve picked that first lot fine, but this lot’s coarser. It’s no uae to pick it any coarser than this.” She left me at that, and, still hoping that I might complete my task in time *u escape another sleepnes'* night in the cell, I toro dis tractedly nt the oakum. From Y o'clock till t> I uover erased the imuotonmu; painful toil — my fingers every moment Incoming more sore and painful. Hue hard .'ii I worked I could see as the lUyUrht faded that iuy efforts w*re hopoless. When tho matron brought what I suppose I must call by courtesy my tea—it was bread and porridizo—only that and nothing more—I was standing ou the bedstead picking at tho rope and c itching tho lost glimmer of daylight. I had had practically uo food—I couldn’t eat what had k-eu offered me—and I really was heartsick at the prospect of much more of thts prison-like rigour, I had pluytd the amateur casual long enough, but there was my uufinished to*k before me. To have con fessed myself would have been to court a prosecution fur getting my food and lodging (aavo the mark) by false pretences. Besides that, it would have been cowardly. No; that task must be done. Could I finish it by candlelight, and an free myself? This faint ray of hope for an instant lightened tho dark ness, but •* the rais-ua" soon extinguished it. “ Can I have a light?” I asked, with tears in my voice and in my eyes, though she could’nt see them. “You can't,” she said, but there was a tone of pity even in this short answer, ami it tempted mo to plead. “ For Heaven's safct*, if you’ve any pity, let mo have a light. If I am in this dreadful place auother day I shall go mad.” “ Well, I don't know that it’s very dreadful. If you go into other casual wards you’ll find you wonld’ut get spoken to as you've been spoke to hare, or treated the same way. And I told yon whou you came iu what yon would have to do.” “ But tho task is a monstrous one,” I re torted, my indignation beginning to get the better of my other feelings. “To thmk that human beings should bo treated liko this for being simply destitute. It’s shameful! It’s monstrous!” ' Did this outburst make her doubt whether I was u gonuiao casual, I wond-r ? Do the poor creatures who really are destitute humbly do the prison task—the hard, punful prison task-for the shelter of a cell and a bit of coarse food ? Whether it was a guess at the truth, or only tho natural pity of a woman’s heart, she softened to me. .Shu was anxious that I should-not think that *he personally .was- to “ It's not my fault, you know. It's nothing to do with me.” She even went so far as to explain that the guardians ordered the food. She was thero, she said, only to enforce the rules. One part of her apology deserves to be especially noticed. ••They’re not all liko you, you know. I should think from your manner you’ve boon educated and well brought up. Most of the people who coma here are used to this sort of life, and many of them have been in prison.” A faint reflection, this, of the ideas of what is duo to tlie poor and ignorant held by many who are higher placed than the “ missus” of the casual ward. This opportunity to lighten at least her darkness I instantly seized on. “Are not the poor and the ignorant, and even those who had perhaps committed a theft and suf fered punishment for it, human 1 beings with the same feelings and emotions as tho educated and well-brought-up? ” She teemed to seo the matter in a now light. It was too strong, and dazed her. She only said ia a confused, half-convinced sort of way, “Oh, yes. they’re human beingp, but-” Tho cr.d of our talk was that she left the cell door open so that I could see to work by the light of the gas outside. I had worked away some little time, not even looking up from the rope I was Hutting, when a faint littlo voice caught my ear. Looking up, I taw standing at the door the matron’s little girl—a pretty little fair-haired thing about two years old. She seemed to have been watching me for some minutes, and now was iv&dy; to make up to me. She said something I didn’t quite catch. Just as I was about to spoak (I had almost snatched her before I remembered I was a tramp), h»r mother’s voice was heard: “ Come away from there.” There was a moment of hesitation and a look of disappointment, and then the little thing ran away. • My progress after this incident seemed doubly slow. Soon I gave it up in despair and . resigned myself to another night ,of the, cell. Still I was picking away when the second' woman I have spoken of c&mq; along and told me that I needn’t do any more. I nad Ueen let off the thin pieces of rdpe^.yet .unpicked. This did not mean escaped however. OLcourse as far as they knew I h*d_no jfottejr ;for the night. . By the woman’s instrubnomr I govthh straw mattreai nnd the two rugs from the cell I had curied them to in the morning, made the best disposition of them I oould, and then was locked in for the night. I suppose by this time I was getting used to it,* for I certainly did sleep a little. Sty sleep ing and waking thoughts got curiously mixed, I fancied that daylight had brought auother task, and shuddered with the conviction that I should so he kept a prisoner for ever. When tho morning came, and I found myself un doubtedly awake, I felt a sickening fear that perhaps more oakum would be served up with thn breakfast and skilly. Tho sudden throwing open hi the door startled me a littlo. It was the attendant, who stood in the doorway. I asked her the time. It was half-past 6. She left the cell unlocked, and came hick in a few minutes with ray breakfast—thinking, perhaps, that by this time hunger would give me an appetico for the stuff. All I wanted was the word to go. I thought I might escape without any. formality, and plucked up courage enough to aik, “ Can I go out now?” **Not just yet,” the woman said; “ it isn’t seven o’clock.” From this point my mind was at ease. I knew that I soon should have played out my part. With my normal amount of philosophy I sat down on the mattress. I sat down * on the bed and ruminated. Mentally summing up ray impres sions, I thought in a Keener way than I nave ever thought before how hard is the lot of the homeless. With my fingers still smarting, I understood better than ever I did before why poor women huddled down on bitter nights in the comers of bridge recesses and on inhospit able doorsteps. I reviewed the argument that the lot of the lazy should be a bard one, and that people'who won’t Work must he deterred from making themselves a burden on the rates. But I remembered that among the homeless and the wbrklea* there must ..be many who are able and willing, and I: asked myself whether for .those the caspalward was all itN ought to be—whether the.fruitless, task of pick-, rag oakum and-breakiag stones should keep m«rv and women from seeking the work that would enable them to live at least like honest people, I was fast coming to the conclusion that for the honestly deserving the casual ward was a place to bo avoided, when the woman came to tell me I was free to leave it, A gruff question fiomtho man ut the door, la there anything here that belongs to you ‘i ” a thankful ** No; ” a hurried walk to a house near by, and soon I had thankfully put off with my rags my char acter of the amateur casual. 