THE POLE, . ; i ' :llr HiimiEivi'- D. , Wauij. „ I ClIAl'l'EH IV.'— A MOjiKNTOL's-VOTK. t -The 'party rose -to -thdlr feet.- Thoy looked vaguoly about .tlicin; They acted as-if they had forgotten- where thoy- were. It now ocourroil Ho ltoynl Sterne for the first - tiino tlint" this was 'diifereut from'o Pullman ear trip'acress'thcoou- Itluont. Jaok Ilmdy listened to the moaning and whistling of tlio air through which they out ; nt first ho oould-uol account ..for the ivcird noisos. .Tlio tutor, ever., mindful, of the soientifio-viowiof tho situation/ sprang.' to read the registor of tlio anemometer. J " How many matolica have you gentlemen got pbout you?" asked Seryoaiit Willtwig, walking unsteadily Howard, tliem.- . He bad not yet accustomed himself to the motion of tho aerinl vessel. Mccliaiiibnlly each hund.ilivedMnlo its own series of pookotsand hi ought forth mnlohes, eaoli after- its -kind.,, Tho sorgoinit , took tliem carefully and'lald tliom lq r. ruw' before him on tho tabic. ; ... . v, "Now, 'gentlemen, sc. noli again! Tho' nam- ber we have dcoidcs whethor wo makoa hnlt or .|IOtr|M-' A' subsequent exploration' of the nooks anil ornmilos that evory man oarrios about his person -kroaghfi forth six matohes more. Tlio four sat about Hlie tablo ' and solemnly counted them. Thero -woro exactly 32, Thoy lool:od, at -thosb slender1- bits of wood, so . iniiooont!' ' so destruotive, ' and so- friendly. The- potroleum hcalor-whs not yet lighted, nor wns the oookcr. Those hnd -not- been designed to "light.- by electricity..- : And now, tlio saorifico of even ono mntoli to this necessary work took a moment of resolution. Du-Long's stnigglo witli this- last mntoli on board'tlia -steam launch Juniata;1 in 1873, oconrrod to Sergeant Wilitwig's mind. A matchloss expedition' is a defeated 'expedi tion. 'How start without tho means of warmth to explore the Polar regions, whero the invisible sphinx protects her ice bound mystery? What Ib tho worth of tons of ooal or food in thoso seoret places wore the mercurial thermometer frecr.es; without tho magie spark that shall eonvert inert masses Into energy. The chief - know - this, and yet tlio bravo ex plorer, trusting to his courage and good fortune, to his star and to his indomitable will, preferred to brave tho worst rather than to delay his enterprise! To an air ship subjeot to a " writ " delay might mean frustration to tho entire soheme. - ' - . " Wlmt shall wo do, gentlemen ?" asked the sergeant sobotly. "Let me explain. More polar expeditions liave been wrecked through unoohgehiality arid ilisobodience tlmn through starvation or "cold.: I;am the head and yon must obey mo Implicitly as though you wero my snbordinates'on n man of war. But I -shall frequently consult with yon, as In tlio presont Instanoe. In snob oases, the opiuien of the majority -shall rule; Wo left Ohioago at 12 'Chicago lios about on the forty-second latitude thatds, she is -situated about 2880 miles from our- destination.- We ore travelling at thn rata of 200 miles ah hour." .The tutor now rose and consulted tlio anemo meter, tlio result of which lie noted dowu. Thoy all looked at liim qucstioningly. "How fast?" asked Professor Wilder from tho onglno room,-' Only a few foot away. " She marks 191 miles nn hour. We are now travelling swifter lliau man or bird has over travolled before," "liu added solemnly. Tho eei'gount dhl not answer s ho was immersed Iu gigantic calculations. "Look— by Jove ! A'raoo ! Seo !" .Tacit ITardv who had ' been peering' out of tlio window mado a motion to tlio rest. - Thoy rushed to tho window, and oxolalnieil in wondor. Far below them, n thousand feet or more, slioiio tlio largo Lako Mlohlgan. So groat was It that It seemed like "nu oocan. Aliciul mid to tlio wost ward oonld be faintly distinguished tho eonneolhig waters of Irake Superior. But hostile them' and following -the air shin, was a largo flock- of birds.- By their frlghtoncil " llonV, honk I"- they wero easily dlxtingnlslied. Pcofitsor Wilder bad1 reduced tho " Aeiopolo" to ono quarter speed; and tho 'gcoao easily kept peoo with this now 'wonder; > The - birds In- spcotedit. Thoy peeked at it. Thoy gibed at it. 'Then, apparently coming- to tho oonblualon that this was sonvo now leader, they formed be hind tho airship In a capital A. ' Thoincu hail now guuo to the slern window, commenting en this unique, aerial sight. "Now, put nn a llttlo inore ateaml I'll bet on tho birds I" cried Royal. The two leading geese wero only 50' feet' behind; and ono oould almost note their- eager, "tonae expression. A touoli, and tlio air vessel shot abend. This saomod to pnsslo tlio birds, hilt thoy ohccrfully resiuindcd to tho extra strain. " " - ' 1 -Seventy-two knots -l"--. shouteil the - tutotv "That's a pretty fair rcoord. Work thom up gradually to 80?" ' The geese, ns yet unsuspecting the onpnolty of tho now loader, ' kept1 " ori ' right oliecrfully, although a oehplo lii thu' fnr'rehr 'hhd begun to lag s llttlo bohiud. The Aoropolo " now hri- perceptibly increased hcr'shccd. ' The lchdota responded easily! yet oho oould notice a aenso of surprise in tho way they binned their heads from bnc'aido to another. ' 'They woro nowgolug at tho rnto of 82 tniics an'lioiir. . .1'"; ' Tlirco tiibro birds dropped out; IcaviAg II; These licgan to wonder' and to work. ' The pas? scilgcrs could now' noqjo a grjcvod expression slenling'ovor tlio'1 faces of,' tlio 'two; lenders: Tluty' began to' utter plaintive' " Honks I" which woro not hard of intcrprbtatibn. Thoy oriod, as if iu plain Engli«h, "Held up 1, liolil.up !" TUa men1 wcro 'no'w bcoohiing oxoitod. Tlio oxaot speed of tho wild goose , lias, never been precisely nscortnincd ; but it line hbou credited with 100 miles nn hour. Threo moro droppoil out as tlio wind gauge read 85.. ... "Jump her to 100," klioutod Royal Storno witli enthusiasm. " I'll bot on tlio right linnd ono to Btnntl out last. This bonis yaaht raoiug all hollow." In the spirt that followed all hut threo fell bnok.' Tlio geesb'tfcat woro left ivoro evidently tlio pickod crow of many' navigations. ' Tlioir firido nud reputation woro on trial! They no ongeroried for a respito ; thoy snved thelr onorgy fur this tremendous spued. ' Their wings iu- oreasod in stroke. Tlioir iteaks elongated. Tlioir thin legs stuck out furthor boliind. Thoy nrcsontcd tlio minimum tosisttuioo to tho' air. Their eyes began to bulge. Ono could imngiuo that their breath came short. But their ex pression of astonishment was as ludiovous as it wab pathotio. A' hundi-cd and ten riiilcB— and only two ro- mninod. Tlio tutor jottod down ' notes, wliilo Jaok- Hardy shot the wildgecso witli a " kodak.:' At a htiudrctl and twenty, ono dropped haok.' Iio lluttorcd in a dazed way, and then turned doltbbrntcly with nn injured air. Tlio original loader of 'tlio Hook remained to fight' it out! Resolution was in his oyo. Ho seemed to gain upon tho air ship. For fully 10. minutes longor natnro pitted itself against man in this novel duel. . , . ' "Oho luuidrcd nnd fifty miles I " shouted the tutor.' ' ' " 1 As'hc spoko tlio gallant liiril; with a' mighty effort splitcd ngain. It' npnroaohed1 its mysterious lender. It came within 10 foot of .t.b.o window .whore the men stood, It glared iu nii'd recognised man. Then It unbred a despair: ing "llonk 1" as if at last it understood itB lnlsc situation; Unconquerod, Its heart burst. Uuwilliug'. to turn back - nlivo, .at i tho rato. of .-over. , two miles .a; scoonil. lt gave np, its , tired .ghost. , Liko a projeatile, , it litinlcd itsuli to tlio' wators,' below— a blaolt flask— a Japaiioiu' fiioworlt— it1 vanished' from sight. The passongors oil tlio Aoropolo discussed tho incident enthusiastically. , Men have; risen be fore this, in balloons, so high that tlio rarity of the ; atmosphere prcaUidod breath but , never' jbbfere'had man directed his flight, with suoh fnaility nnd such mnrvalloiis lateral velocity. .With oho ncoord they went up, to tlio ilistiir-., guislicd inventor, aiul did what ,is- only'; left, ,tb nieuhi tinics.of.Kilent emotion.' tThey,,slib(>k, him by thb'band.' , ,, . , i < R(iyftl Storuo„wlio for a young mnni, was -.welli travolled, aeknowledgcd. with an air of hannleasi conceit, as if lie had discovered tlio- faot, thnt . tlioro wns no moro wondorfui proiluotaf mail's! genius than tho Aeropolo, even if ho dld sayi it, ; and that Professor Wilder was- tho.-foreoiostl man of. tho ogc. , el-i? - t.i'?. , . At this cilsis, Jack Hardy, feelingHho.-absa-. lute necessity of a smokiy reached forward:. to; tho tnhlo for. a inntah, and. thonghUossly: struok it on his boot, „Tho ohief heard;tho;f«uii.' liar eraoklo and darted like a tiger nt h!m.;' . . " Give it to me, air I Obey :nt your, peril !" . 'He took tho burning lnolfor from the nsto-, dished. Hardy's hands, carried tho : light, 'ten derly, as if it were the Kohiuoor, .ncroaai.tho; floor of .the car,, and,. > while the -rest wntoiiod' htm, transfixed (it the sobering sight, lioi llghtod thepotrqioum liontar nnd tlieu. tliolainp-Jnthe Atkinson cooker. He shut tho doors tightly, to keep tho slightest breath aivny. from tho lamps, . and then handed tho almost extinguished match hack to Mr. Ilardy. .- . : "There I Light your clgnr .now.i ' It Is the; last inateh Used without my writteu Instrnotian.! Sealed in a tin box, tho matches shall be oarrled about my-person," ' 1 '/Now,'' "continued the sergeant, " wb! 'will take-a formal ballot. "Wo have on - hand -31' matohes and 2 stoves lighted,. neither of 'which, ' with tho card wo shall bestow upon tliem, ougUt'1 to go out f er fivo months j we havo potrolaum in1 nbnndanaoHo heat this car, nnd to eook as- long ns wo shall be able to stay hi it! The quod- Uoil is, shall wo take even the slightest risk and piqct'bd'bu our journey as' we arc? or shnllHvo doscoml, exposing ourselves, perhaps,' to igno-: rant ritlletilo nnd nttaok, nnd' oiu solo 'seuroe of hopo and safety to possible wanton preju diced itostrnction?'1 - > llo stopped for n moment, and' then; for tho1 first -time srnco ' they liiul atortbd,- lighted a ojgar,' its if in graceful apology nt;'Jack Hnrtly's oignrotto. - He wns ficreoly exoiled j so wcre'hls oomphnions.1 ' They followed liU'example, nnd1 sbou tho fragrant whiffs brought n certain quiet ttfthew'.ifemiK'0'' ; ;-> -Hi Tho peculiar advantages nnd diradvmitagbsi of the Acropolis wore, of course,1 untried. Net even the daring' inventor had realised tlie terrible- perils that' this expedition involved.' He lind' more conmgO! than lie hail Imagination. " In suoh a nbw; venture -tho ratio of inicortainty far outbalances tho value of tho certplnty. Yut in this eomfortRbloi'wnnn, oven cosey cor, thoy were like the traveller who did -not know tlmt thu train hall passed safely over the tottering oulvot't at-thoittito of 80 mUes ftu hour untli tlionoxt ulatjonlmd bcon snfcly reached. Their" vynr ignorance1 inoi cased the ehaiioo "of ' their ultimata sucoess. -- - --.-i t "Wken-rnay wo expeot to- get 'there ?" asked Jaok.- The ardent tutor was aliont to open his mouth to answer, when ho saw his' ohief pre paring to speak. 1 - , w'i'iu"?4,18 »?, Mlohlhto," said Sorgennt vYilltwIg,1 nutliovitatively, ' "It- tlio Aoropolo maintain n speed bf 800, mites' an hotuywo nro uuo at tho North -Polo aj- 4 o'oloolc tomorrow. moinliig. accoiHlhig to'Ohlcngo timo. ' If we only avcinge 16 miles', we1 shall -ho' delayed nhtil' ii' trlllo after 6 In the mpinlng j we- shall- then! arrive between' -6 '(and !9; gentlcmt'ii.-'-"' "Wo; shall -aeeampllah' tn loss than - 84 hour what centuries of tniasuro and lifo eould not do." Indeed, ao steady. swift and ao straight wa« tho motion of the air sliip that it seemed as if tho chiefs words wore about to become vcri- lied. - i )-\ : i, But now, in apUe of (ho well - padded waits oohlbiasta begau.to ohlll tho oar. 'Thc|iartr had been gone hardly ovor an hour and a half, and the thermometer, fastened without, ami read from tho, vluduw, .had dropped nearly go degrees.,,. The tutor oven aitirmctl that lie could watch , its gradual desoent. " I vote wo keep right on," said Royal, "wo'vo got matehes enough, aud expeot to. ho back iu a week. Tire heater oan't go, out, ' Keep Jack's handsel! tha match box, aud . we'll get on nil right." . , !. . ?'Thcn, genttcmon. jyc. will record our vote on paper. This Is too serious a question for au informal ballot. Mr. Ball has bcon ebmmtiwlencd by me to keep the records of this expedition, as wollas to not. ns 'assistant engineer. - H. will tako your votos hnd.oupnt thom." The sergeant nodded at tho astronomical member of the ex pedition. , , , . The tutor, with'a'grtvUy oommensurate with tlio situation, - took tho slips' nnd read thom. He aunounoed a unanimous vote to- go ahead. -."Very weli,geiitleinoii,"jnid tha sergeant. " It is.our mutual will to nrooccd, nqd wo do so at our mutual risk. God help us !'! " I, for one, shan't turii; In to-night," inter rupted tho tutor' with a prooooupied air. llo was tending tho bnrometor. Tlioir nltltudo wab eonstaul nt about 1Q00 fcot. ,. : . ,i . ; " "NVIiat tho Diokouado you moan I" demanded tlio nstouiBtiod.. real oatato. aguut staring at tho young scientist, i . Tho tutor smilod., ','It menus that as wo ap proach the north wo outer, into lougor doys. Tho Aoropolo will outrun tha night. Wo havo loft.darknoss.bchhid ua until we return. About the.vioie, you know, tlioro, is no night .this timo of tho year," This faot, so pataiit to tho Arctic oxplorer, was new. to. Jaok Hardy. Knynl untiled patroni8lngly. . Ho had forgotten this (not, hut did not. tliilik it nooossary to say ro. "WIicw I That's blamed queer," wns nil that Jaok. Hardy oould find to, say. lie looked out. Ills watali marked half-past 2. He gazed nt tiro sun. ; That orb. of day, which poets assure us linatonB lit its (loolihlhg conrso1 to tlio west, had refused to dcollnc. It stood still. "Tlint Is a stunner," salt! Jaok., Wo' boat tlio sun. My Aunt Marin would'havo given lior fortuno to havo been Invited. »"- " Now, gcntlomen," said Sergeant Willtwig after thin information had su'nkoniuto the minds of what wo'lnlglit onll tlio lay pasacngcrs of the air shlji, "the routine of tho' expedition will begin! -You will obligo mo hy jonoh putting on Ilia Arotio clothes. I will assist you if hoocssary. At tlio ratio of onr proscut progress tho tempera ture will lower uniformly at; tho' rato of 8 (legrcca nn hour; that is, ' supposing It Is 50 ilegrooa bolow zero at tho polo; -By ,6- p.m. wo shall bo ovor Hudson's Bny. To osonno tlio fog wo will rlso to an nltltudo of 10,000' foot. Tlie tomneraturo will'1 be oorroapomlingly lowor. Whilo wo nrb olad-ln furs; it-'Is my order that tho thermometer in this oar shall not rlso over 55 dogrecs." : > ' ' The: mombers of . tho expedition,, found it natural -now to lOboy!: tho, slightest, order from their experienced, head. .- - Too . soon tho turriblo cold would stoal upon, them, uuaoollmated nnd mipropnrod. - It is. n w'oll known faot that in tlio high lntttudoa, whoro thc normal temporaturc is far bolow zero, men o.xporionoo tho : disoomfort of too great heat when the thermometer rises inuoh ovor 50 .dog. - abovo. -Airotio explorers have boon badly sunburnt with tho aun shining, upon them when tha thermal column only showed 8 (leg.- above tho freezing point. - On tlio same prinoiplo, though- in .an in verso dogrce, somo of -Stnnloy,'s porters" perished of exposure and of cold, when; In tho snow l olail range of Ruwouzori tho moroury fell baroly to tho lino of frost..' : I 1 " Whe-ow!" gaepod Jack Hardy; putting ono hand to his bond nnd'Hho othor; to lila -hoart, " How quocr I fool." ' "Well, co do I,'.' groaned'. Royal, smiling grimly,- with pain face. - . . : - "What can it bo?" asked' tho tutor, with a mind tor tlio salonao of it. : j. -\\- ; (TO tut ONTUJRO.) 