Joe Belton's Revenge. ' BY ALPBED B. BUBI1A.QE. Ilia came was Joseph Bslton, but his mates on board, the Middlestrand lightship ealled him Grim Joe. His grizzled beard and sun-tanned faoe and hands told of a life in the open air. Joe had saen foreign service in the navy. He had stood to his gan and never flinched amid the htll of flame and shot which rained from the forts of impregnable Sebastopol; he had chased the slaver, and brought the frowning, baffled Arab trader to hia knees ; he had weathered a hundred furious storms and hnrrioanes in the mid-ooean, and had, save the loss of one finger on hia right hand, oome scathless out of all. Tna loss of the finger incapacitated Joe Belton for active service, and he retired on bis pension, and for some time lived at a fishing village on the Essex coaat. Bat Joe got tired of mooning about with few better companions than the " 'longshore men," who regarded him with great respect, and never yarned in his presence. It was only to the visitors that they let their imaginations ran fanoy free, bat took good care never to dwell npon their perilous adventures and hairbreadth csoapes when Joe Belton was within hearing, or when the stories were likely to be repeated to him. A vaoanoy occurred on board the Middle- •trand lighiEhip, and Joe applied for it. He was at onoe accepted, as he had left the navy with a clean sheet and Bach a character as any honest man might be traly proud of. Joe Belton was a bachelor. He had loved, and loved in vain, and, as he pat it, " hauled in his heart's tackle, and stowed it away for ever." Nobody knew mnoh about the Btory, save that Joe had taken his disappointment very much to heart; and nobody oared to question him on the subject, for Joe's face would grow dark and forbidding at the •lightest word of chsff relating to' his lonely life. " look here, lads," he said, one day, "you've got wives and youngsters ashore, and when the wind roars at night, they are thinking and praying for yon, though they know tbst a lightship is the safest craft that floats. Be thankful yoa are not like me, who cares for nobody, and for whom nobody cares. Heigbo ! Now I'll go Bnd Lave a turn at the reflectors." On duty or off duty, whenever Jos Belton was upset, he would have "a turn at the reflectors." " Elbow grease " seemed to be the only salve to his wounded heart, and he would keep on polishing until the reflectors were like burnished mirrors of silver ; and, 88 il were, he rabbed away the gloom from his face, and left it ruddy and calm, if not absolutely cheerful. Joe had his seasons of silence and dejeotedness. Whenever he was " off his bacoy," and read from a treasured copy of Milton's poems, his mates winked at each other, and left him alone until the fit had passed •way. One night, after Joe had gone to his hammock, Pail Oxley found that a leaf in the book had been carefully turned flown, and, shaking hia head, passed it to Jim Dawling with the remark that Joe most be in a very bad way indeed. "B^sd them lines he's marked with a pencil," he said. " ll«d 'em aloud, Jim, for yoa know that I'm not much of a Boholard." Jim Djwling was williqg to oblige, and, in a low tone of voice, read: " Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight born In Stygian cave forlorn, 'Hongst horrid shapes, and shrieks, and Bights unboiy Find out some nnooflth cell. Where brooding Ddrkneas spreads his jealous wings And the night raven Binge; There, nnder ebon shades, and low- browed rooks As jagged as thy looks, In dark Gimmerian desert ever dwell." " I don't understand much about it," Phi 1 said, " but I daresay it's all right. The only thing in my line is the low-browed rocks. Lor', what a head that 'ere Milton must have had, to be sure 1 But I say, Jim, this looks bad for Grim Joe. I s'pose it wouldn't be right to hide the book, would it, now ?" " I wouldn't undertake to do it for double leave with double pay," Jim Dawling replied. " My missus—and, bless her heart, she's still my sweetheart—knows something about how Joe was jilted. Ton see > Phil, suah a story gets handed down from one to the other, and gives the people something to talk about over the fire on winter nights. Why, bless you, Jim, the stories my old grandfather used to tell about smugglers and wreckers, who haanted the aoaBt when he was a young man, would make yoar hair curl like—like thin rashes o' bacon in a frying-pan," Phil Oxley was about to request the favor of the repetition of one of these blood cardling yarns, when bis eyes grew round and hiB month opened to its utmost limits. " Look I Look there 1" ho gasped. Jim Dawling'a face grew ashy pale as he turned slowly. There was come vague notion in his mind at that moment—and Jim had his full share of superstition, and perhaps a "little over—that the ghost of his grandfather bad oome to poliBh up his memory; but instead of a spectre be saw Joe Belton. His eyes were fixed and Btaring, his arms hanging loosely at bis side, and his movements, aB if he were measuring every step carefully, proclaimed that be was walking in bis Bleep. Suddenly he Btopped, and,utooping down, felt about where he had left the copy of Milton's poemB. Scarcely knowing what be did Jim Dawling pished the book noiselessly within the somnambulist's reach. Joe Belton took np the the Yolame, and muttered: «' Hence, loathed Melancholy, Of Erebus and blackest midnight bozn ;" and then, with a dark expression of faoe and furious gesture, hurled the book from bim: Phil Oxley was conscious that his hair was rising on his head, and that he was as damp all over with perspiration as if the cabin bad been suddenly connected with a Blow oven. Jim Dawling said nothing and did nothing, but eimply sat and stared. He felt tbtt he was so rooted to the looker, thBt bad a gun proclaimed a vessel in danger, little Bhort of steam power oould have lifted him to his feet. Joe Belton crossed fhe floor, and stopping short against the wall, leaned his arm heavily upon it, and began to speak. " Well, Nanoy," he said. " you know beet. I have tried to win yonr heart, not to steal it, like a common thief. Yoa have allowed yoar ears to be poisoned against me by Caleb BOze. He is my rival, and would say anything against me. I swear by Him that made me, and whose hand rules the land and eea, that at the time BDZS says I was in Portsmouth, I was two days on a journey to Malta." He oeased speaking, and raised his head as If waiting for a reply to hia avowal. 1 1 You dnubt me," he continued, in the voice of a strong man subduing hia passion. " I see it written on your faoe ; I read it in yocr eyes. And it isn't doubt, Nancy ; ycu want to find an excuse to get rid of me. Yon favor Caleb Boze. What! you Bay no ? I sty yes. "Well I'll go; for I'd sooner plunge into the sea with a shot at my heels than marry a girl who did not place her whole faith in me." Joe Belton walked away a few paces, and then turned baok again. "Tell Caleb Boze to give me a wide berth," he said. " I've always thought it was my nature to forget and forgive, but I'll never forget or forgive the man whose lying tongue has blighted my life and turned my beart to gall. Tell him BO—tell him to keep beyond the reach of my aim; and good- bye, Nancy— for DM toritime gwd-bjrc," The eamnambuliEt crossed the cabin, and, passing out, went calmly back to his hammock, as if ho was weary, and his watch beiow had j : isi begun. For some moments Phil Oxley and Jim D-iwling did net Epcak, but at length Pnil broke tbe eileuce. What—what d'ye think o' that?'' he a;ked, Ecircely above his breath. It'a the awfallest thing I ever saw. Lir', I've got the pins Bnd needles all over me I" " I think/' Jim Dawling replied," that the best thing Grim Joe can do is to go aBhore and E£e a doctor as quick as poseible." " But the relief boat won't be here for mor'a a wesk, and you know the penalties far any min quitting the ship without leave. Shall we tell Joe how he's been carrying on ?" Jim Dawling turned the question over in his mind for some moments, and replied in the negative. " What good would it do ?" he argued. " It would only frighten him and make him the more miserable to think that he had been walking and talking in his sleep. We'd better keep a close watoh over him, and mention the matter to the offi jer. He knows Grim Joe's ways, and will find Eome excuse to gee him ashore." It was a dark, wild March night. The wind was blowing hard, and the sea ran high. Every now and then the lightning glared npon the etorm-toEsna ocean and the distant desolate coast, and the thander roared as if tearing the mighty piles of clouds asunder. While Oxley and Dawling were yet dieca*- eing Grim Joe's bout of sleep-walking, and promising to divulge it to no ether man on board, tbe hoarse roar ot the foghorn rent the air. As fast as their feet could carry them, Oxley and Dawling rushed on deck, and they were quickly followed by Joe Belton, who, having slipped hia legs into hia slacks, completed the rest of his toilet, Bailor-like, as he went to where dnty called him. " There was a flare shown out sauth'ard," said the man who had Bounded the alarm ; "and once I thought I saw a vessel, bnt at first I thought the lightning had deceived me. Look 1 lookl There she is." " S'ae's running on to the Band?," Joe Belton cried, snatching up a speaking trumpet, " and Heaven help her and all on board if she doens't Bheer off. K<2ep the horn going. lijn out the gun, and give her a louder warning. What does the captain mean by running into the jaws of death like this 7 He must be either drank or mad." Crash 1 went the report of the gun. It was answered by another, and a red flare, whiah told its own Etory only two well. " She's lort her helm," Jim Dawling said. " S3e how she rrlls and flounders. May the Lord rend the wind about 1 Ah, she strikes 1 she strikes 1 Poor souls, they are lost, every one 1" The guns were now being answered by another lightship, some five milea distant, and at the noareet lifeboat station men were making haste to help the shipwrecked mariners. Lights flashed, guns boomed, the foghorn soreeched, and men shouted—alas, all in vain 1 The hapless vessel, driven on the bands, was doomed to detttUGtion. As its keel straok 'upon the treacherous sands it groaned and shuddered like some huge living thii g in pain. And, as it in mockery, the wind hiwled loader, and its furious gusts drove the wives mountain-high. Stieets of foam and surl flew over the lightship, blinding the man, who clung, scarcely breathing, to the rigging. " The lifeboat will never reaoh her," somebody shouted. '• Listen." Amid the uproar came the crashing of timber, and then such a cry of deEpair as made the etoutest heart Bink and quake. "Sie's settling down," Jim Dawling said, during a momentary lull in thB elorm. " Bat see ! one poor fellow has treated himself to a spar, and is drifting away frcm the Bbip. He might as well plBoe faith in a straw. Heaven help us, we can do nothing. Our boats would crack like nutshells in euoh a sea. " At that moment the sky became ablaze with a terrifio flash of lightning, or rather a succession of flashes, and they showed the despairing figure clinging with the strength of agony to the spar. His features were as plainly «een as if a ray of limelight had been turned on them, and even the convulsive aoiion of bi3 hands, aB he tried to pull himself higher and higher into the tangled cordage, waB visible. "Lade,"said Joe BeltDn.pnllinghiBBonthweBter tightly over hia head, • I am going after that man, bui I don't aBk any one else here to run the risk. It's my bffair, for yonder floats the man who did me the greatest wrong I ever endured. 1 want him to see me before he gois nnder. I want him to know that I have had my revenge at last." " You are mad," Phil Oxley cried. •' Joe I Joe I you are not youreeif; you are dream ing. Can't you see that yoa will be committing suicide ? All that any man here can do is to stand by, and fling a lifa-buoy to the poor wretch it he happens to pasa thia way." "Stand baok, yoc, Pail Oxley, and you all," Joe Belton yelled, snatching up Bn axe, as the men advanced towards bim. Sane or mad, I will have my way, and I am going. Stand back, I say ; the man who thinRB of trying to stop me had better say his prayers." •'Good-bye, then, Joe," said Jim Dawling. " We're not afraid to do oar duty, but we are afraid of doing foolish, useless acts. Look at the eea, listen to the wind, and tell me if anything but a well-manned lifeboat can live five minnteB." " I don't expect to come Dack," Joe Belton retorted. " I only want him to catoh sight of me, and I shall be satisfied." As he spoke he cat away the davits, and leaped into the boat as it plunged into the boiling eurge. The distracted men thought that the frail craft and Joe Belton and been drawn under tbe light-ship, and they raised a spontaneous shoot as they saw the determinined man pulling with all his might. And then they lost eight of him in the trough of tbe mighty waves chaBing each other in mad haste. He's a dead man," Pail Oxley wailed " But what could we do ? He'd have kept his word,-en 1 killed the first man who attempted to stop him. And now he's gone for ever! Poor Joel" But no ; the man bent on BO strange an errand appeared to have a charmed life. Tne boat rede the waves like a sWan, and nearer and nearer it drew to the spar with its wretched burden of humanity, hoping against hope, and crying in heartrending accents for help when it saemed nc earthly help could come. When within a few yards of the drowning man; Joe Bflton turneo the blades of the o^rs fiat to the water and leaned over the gunwale. " Caleb Boze," he shouted, in a voioe thai rose above the wind and the turbulent ocean, "Too know me. Ljok at me. I am Joe Belton, the man whose heart you killed— the man whose better nature you slew with your lying tongue. I have come here to see you die. Do your hear? I have come to see you die." Boze was a powerful, muscular man, but his strength was nearly spent. He heard JOB Belton's terrible words, and a cry of anguish burst from his lips; yel in that agony of despair he made one more effort, deserted tbe spar, and clutohed frantically at the bnat. „ " Take your hands away, or I will beat them off I" Joe Belton yelled. "Do yoa remember the lie you uttered? You told Nancy that I was only fooling with her, and that yon had seen mi in the company of my real sweetheart at Portsmouth. Away with yoa 1 Down, down,and drown like a dog !'' " Joe 1 Joe I" shrieked the friutic man, " if you beat me ofi it will be murder. If yoa have no pity on me, think of my wite and children, Think how they wjU miep me, the breadwinner. Think how they Ion me, and how 1 love them. Oh, it is bard l die like thia, almost in eight of home, 1 God takes my life, He gave it; bnt yoa ar< only a man, and net my judge. Hate me a>yon will, Joe, bat give me a cbance, act earn the thanks and prayers of innocent children who have done yoa no harm—little children who are ignorant that their father ever wronged you in thought or deed." The very Btorm seemed to hush its voice that the worda of this appeal might be heard, and the man who had risked his If a to see bis enemy die before hiB eyes became as a little child himself. With the strength of a giant be pulled Caleb Boze into the boat.just aB a Ehcut from the men crowded in the rigging of the wreck announced that the lifeboat was coining. He swooned, and the boat floated away at the mercy of the waves, and the last flaBh of lightning—for the storm cloudB were now rolling away—Bhowed it indistinctly plunging shorewBrds, oocupied apparently by one man, rowing as for dear life; but hidden from view was another man, who lay inanimate, Lelplese, and a mere mass of huddled clothing. There was a rush to the Sailors' Home at Shellsea, for the lifeboatmen had done their duty nobly, and out of all the crew of the VESECI, now a wreck on tbe MiddleBtrand sands, only one man was miBBicg—Cal=b BJZS. The story about Joe Belton soon got afloat. It waa told and retold, with many alterations and addition?, Bnl everybody waa making np his and her mind that Joe had first had his revenge, and thrown himself into the ocean afterwards, when, cool ca a cucumber, Joe Belton himself marched into the Sailors' H^me, I want to see the chaplain." he said. " I have something particular to say to him. If any of you want a j jb, you can take a trolly and bring along a boat that belocga to the lightship from Hove." The chaplain last no time in interviewing his unexpected visitor, and learned from him that Ciltb B Z3 was not only safe, but by that time bring attended to by hiB own wife at home. I couldn't face her," JJO Belton eaid, " eo I sent him on by some fl-iheimen. Ween I think, sir, how narrowly I eeosped having tbe blood of a man on my hands, I feel faint and giddy. I will sit down a moment, if yon please, eir." "Bslton," rep'ied tho chaplain, "yoa played two pirla, but tbe bet'.er one prevailed. Bury tbe past, and remember that we mo tala are sver weak. To err is human ; to forgive divine." Theie are people down Hove way who will point ycu out an old man wandering on the beaab, with little children hovering round bim, and tell you that t he father of the youngsters is 11 aea, and that he who watches them with so muah tenderness lives in a cottage on tbe cliff, but comes down every day for a walk with the little oner. And hia name is Joe Belton, v.-ho lnots npon his act of revenge as the best one ho ever performed i ia his life. 