POLITICALSKETCHER. POLITICAL ECHOES. [By Lounger.J The effort of Parliament to be found expiring in the act of atoning for past misdoings has suggested to the Philoso pher the enquiry "Of what purpose is the institution?" Appealing to his friend the Poet he found that the latter bad been greatly perturbed of late by the problem of the sufferings of man, the maker of Parliament — not exactly a new problem, but one which has, nevertheless, not only troubled the modern political author and agitator, but vexed almost every novelist, so that it s impossible to find mental rest unless, perchance, it is in the cheerful fiction of the Rider Haggard school, which wipes out of existence with a whiff of war or the stroke of the artist's pen hundreds and thousands with perfect sang froid. The Poet has -discovered a solution of the problem in the conception that all this little world is the stage of a drama which is being witnessed by the peoples of teeming planets. The spectators of the tragedy upon the earth are being instructed in the trial of new principles in the develop ment of their distant relatives, the chil dren of the sun. The comment of the Philosopher upon this conceit is that, while the thought is not original and is certainly in the clouds, it is signifi cant of the constant desire of the human mind in all ages to make the depth of man's misery the mea sure of his greatness. This desire gave birth to the notion of Parliament as an institution which should not only be a testimony to the saddest facts of life, but an evidence of the corresponding potentialities for enjoy ment. It is the magic lantern of human frailties and hopes. Cynic joining in the conversation observes that Parliament is unquestionably a theatre for the display of the littleness, meanness, finesse, and eccentricity of human nature. Patriot, on the other hand, contends that in the mass of the mullock he has seen the sparkle of self-sacrifice, nobility, aye, and the divinity of his kind. It is, there fore, a mere incident, he adds, what Parliament does. The work of legislation is wholly subsidiary to the important question of what Parliament is. The play is in the player, the speech in the speaker. Given good actors and you have good acts. Therefore it is in the personal humours of Parliament you must look for the humanities of the day. It is not to the set speeches of members, which are the best clothes of Parliament, that one must look for the life-blood, but to the expressions in the Smoking-room and to the impromptu debates and the inter jections in the House which rise spontaneously and reveal the springs of action. It is impossible to over-estimate the service to, the people of the phil osophy which teaches them that Parliament is not a Statute-making machine, but a composite personality comprising much that is good in them selves and much of what is in them that is eccentric and ridiculous. Of course it is difficult for the average elector to identify himself in the portrait of the average member, but that fact does not lessen the importance of the truth that Parliament iB not an unfeeling automaton. A quaint London photographer has re produced the members of the Gladstone Cabinet in a composite picture, in which the widely varying individualities are em -braced in the representation of a bene volent-looking gentleman of about sixty .years of age, not remarkable for intel lectual vigour. A composite picture of the members of the Assembly would be not only novel but startling to those who assisted in the make-up. The conflict of striking characteristics would probably result in a complete negation of all, and the most noticeable features left be those that now escape attention or are regarded indifferently as trifling peculiari ties. Just as the work of this Parlia ment as a whole is disappointing, so a composite mental portrait might be looked upon as insipid. In these days when it is proposed to tax everything a man has there might be advantages in taxing the idiosyncrasies of members, not the least being a revelation to the owners and to the public of what these consist. For example, suppose an impoverished Treasury were recouped by a fine from the following members upon each trial -of the patience of the House by their specialities:— Mr. Ash—Technicality. Mr. Bartlett—Abuse. 'Mr. Blacker—Loud voice. Mr. Brooker—-Punning. Mr. Burgoyne—Elaboration. Mr. Butler—Oraoularity. Mr. Caldwell—Garrulity. Mr. Castine—Stonewalling. Mr. Catt—Neutrality. Mr. Cock—Inaudibility. Dr. Cookburn—Dreaming. Mr. Cohen—Masbering. Speaker—Legal opinions. Mr. Downer—Fraternizing. Premier—Refining. Mr. Gilbert—Moralizing. Mr. Giles—Dolefulness. Mr. Gillen—Combativeness. Mr. Gould—Special pleading. Mr. Grainger—Ishmaelitism. O. P.W.—Banhfulnrss. Mr. F aek—Emotionalism. Mr. Hague—Philosophizing. Mr. Hancock—Chirping. Mr. Handyaide—Bismarckisni. Mr. Hawker—Courtliness. Mr. Holder—Versatility. Attorney-General—Independence. Mr. Hooper—Listening. Mr. Hopkins—Blaster. Mr. Horn—Cynicism, Mr. Howe—Bonhomie. Mr. Jenkins—Banter. Mr. JohnBon—Qnernlousness. Messrs. J. R. and R. Kelly—Amiability. Mr. Kingston—Pugnaoity. Mr. Lake—Torpidity. Mr. Lamshed—Oiogenising. Mr. Landseer—Blandness. Mr. MoDonald—Local advocacy. Mr. McFherson—Vigilance. Mr. Miller—Suspicion. Mr. Moule—Scheming. Mr. O'Loughlin—Manoeuvring. Mr. Osman—Ambition. Mr. Parsons—Glitter. Mr. Plavford—Bluntness. Treasurer—Diplomacy. Mr. Scherk—Kindliness. - Sir E. T. Smith—Benignity. Mr. Solomon—Zeal. Mr. Stock—Flippancy. Mr. White—Sprightliness. The value of a reputation was never more strikingly shown than when Mr. Ash rose to stonewall the Travelling-stock Reserves Bill, which the hon. member opposed because he did not wish to pamper his friends the squatters. Word had been sent to the Speaker that it would be well for him to get a deputy to act during the night, as Mr. Ash was prepared to talk till 8 o'clock the next morning. Mr. Ash was fortified with the evidence taken by a Commission on the subject, which he was ready to read line by line and comment upon as he proceeded. So soon sb the news had been circulated by Mr. Moule the House grasped the situation, and the result was that Mr. Ash had not been on his legs twenty minutes before the enemy capitu lated. There will be no further attempt to rush the Bill, and possibly it will meet with a tragic end. Mr. Hancock is also itching to lower Mr. Castine'a record as the champion talker, but though he threatened to punish the House the other night the House only laughed. The House, on the other hand, prefers to laugh with and not at Mr. Ash. If the Speaker is to be called upon to give a legal opinion as to the effect of a Bill, which he gave on Thursday on the Taxation Amendment Act Bili, he must either acquire the reputation of a first class lawyer or be granted legal assist ance. The Speaker of the House of Commons is accorded the latter. Mr. Coles usually fortifies himself with the advice of bis legal friends before treading the bewildering mazes of the law, but it is hardly fair to expect a layman to pronounce judgments which might pos sibly on some future occasion conflict with those of the Supreme Court Judges. A contributor sends me the following storv of the SoMNAMBULENT RePOETEK. Reporters frequently work all day and half the night too, so that when they have the op portunity to sleep they readily embrace it. Although there are exceptions to every rule you will be surprised when I tell you of a som nambulist reporter who even worked while in the gentle arms of Morpheus. This unique scribe one midnight after having finished up for the "day" started his weary maroh home ward. To my astonishment, however, after he had wended his way for some considerable distance he deviated from his course. My curiosity excited, I followed the literary man. On overtaking him I found that Dame Sleep had weighed his eyelids down, and that he was walking in his sleep. Should I awaken him ? To what haunts waa he bound? Determined not to break the spell I decided to chaperone the somnam bulist. After traversing many thoroughfares and intrioate by-lanes, in which we encountered policemen, sporting cats, and savoury smells, I discovered that my unconscious companion was bound for "Marble Hall." Greater was my consternation when he, obtaining ingress to the Upper Chamber, began climbing the dingy staircase leading to the reporters' gallery. Having ascended them he took his accustomed seat in the gallery, drew forth his "8lips" from his pocket, and in his imagination peopled the Chamber with the M-L.C.'s, and began " taking" a supposititious speaker. The moonbeams that shot through the windows of the ball irradiated the historical pictures that hung round the walls. The more my friend's ludicrous position calculated to make me laugh outright—for ho was passing sundry mild remarks about the rate the hon. member was speaking—the more did the gloomy nature of the " hall" inspire me with a feeling of awe and affright. Spectres and ghosts of past legislators rose before my vivid imagina tion, and to drive these apparitions from my vision I leant over my friend's shoulder and contemplated the contents of his "copy." Although he was a " Hansard" man he had made unpardonable departures, his "head ings" not only being original and startling and calculated to invite the captious criticism of Mr. Kingston, but accompanying each speaker's utterances, which were in verse, was his caricature. My friend had thus brought his descriptive powers to bear, an art which is striotly forbidden in " Hansard" reporting. The first illustration was entitled "The hon. member for Champagne," and his epeeoh—under the heading of " Our Opinions of Yourself," which heading I thought was very appropriate for legislators who think themselves of infinitely more importance than their country—ran thuB I'm a " point of order man," E'en since my Honse career began. I think Charles the First the martyr, And Cromwell a great Tartar. The one deserves commiseration, The other one oar execration. The labour man I hate With a passion that is great. And tbo' I thump my papers Till Mr. Cotton capers. And run my fingers through my hair, Till my fellow-members stare, 'lis to show that I'm as true As my " good old English" brew. The Hon. Mr. " Say Little" followed I'm called the Council's mute, Which name I can't refute, For I prefer to grace my seat. And so seldom gain my feet. The stock tax I defended, And on it my " gas" expended. I hark to ail that's said And quietly scratch my head. But now my words are o'er. As I've no more in store. The Hon. Mr. "Blooker" then fired forth By some I'm thought a bore. But I'm true right to the core. Although I'm pretty old lie never once been sold; And yet I talk each day. None know much what I say. I have a voice that's weak, But I at times can rage and shriek. " blocks," on which Igrow'qulto tropic; And when the members jeer I don't pretend to hear. Now let me cry 'tis done. Both speech and members' iun, But oligarchy I must add, Or I'll regain my seat quite sad. The reporter evidently thought his " turn" was up, aB he had written annexed to the last speech:— Mr. follows. ■ A cartoon embellished the bottom of the slip, three members being contained in it. The "point-of-order man," sitting on the air-conductor—and, according to appearances, the current was playing sad havoo with his traditional hair—was represented to be exer cising his lung-power on a oolloBsal wind instrument. Another legislator entitled "Ob jector-General," seated on a black beaver hat, was flourishing and keeping time with a poker. These two gentlemen were characteristically brought out in the "study," and were sup posed to be acoompanying their friend "Blocker" in his song and danoe, "Round the Town—Oh ! What a Difference in the Mornmg." In the distance was to be seen the messenger, bearing in his arms aweighty barrel which was labelled "cold tea," and on which the hon. "point-of-order gentle man" had his eyes intently fixed. The scribe had reeled over, and, reolining on the leather cushion, was having a wholesome and refresh ing sleep. I hadn't the courage to awaken him, afraid that I wouldn't be able to give to his satisfaction an explanation of our situation. I played the part of the "copy boy" and pocketed his unique "oopy." 