'THROUGH THICK AND THIN.' w BY THE AUTHOB. OF MY WIFE OR HIS. [ALL BIGHTS EESEHVED.] (Commenced in the Evesisb News, August 10.) CHAPTER XXIX.— (Continued.) ** He wasn't one of our sort, if you mean that. I used to think that he was a gentle man born and bred, he always acted like one ; he was always ready to help any of us, and there wasn't a braver fellow in.*,the brigade. Where he made a friend he stuck to him — Ilford here knows that.' ' Indeed I do,' said 'the yoang fellow, with a break in his voice ; ' there was never a better fellow in the world. His sweetheart, if it was a sweetheart, will miss him, sure enough.' ' You sent to his sweetheart for him ; I heard of the letter.' 'It was to a woman, whoever she was,' Ilford replied, ' and there was a ring en closed ; at least, I am almost sure it was a ring that he used to wear.' 'What was it like?' The lawyer's face -was very pale, and his hand shook as he grasped the edge of the chair on which he sat, as if to hide even Buch a small weakness. f A very fine carbuncle,' Ilford replied. ' I know a little about jewellery, and it was valuable and very beautiful in color. It was a carious ring ; I once saw him pinch a spring in it somewhere and part of it flew open. I know he prized it very highly.' There was ~a tremble in Mr. Lynn's voice as he thanked the two for their information and invited them to come and see him at his hotel. He put a few searching questions to them about the death of Richard Dent, and the manner of it, and noted exactly where to find his grave in the cemetery where he had been laid. His face was very grave as he walked back to his quarters, and he shook his head and sighed as he communed with himself. ' Where has the j ugglery or the blunder been?'' he asked himself. ' That poor child at Tredenach speaks only the simple truth when she says that the younger brother pushed the elder over the rocks. I am as sure of it as I am that I am a living man at this moment. How was he saved ? For that he did not die then is as patent to me as the daylight, I doubt if Mrs. Bruce is in that part of the secret, she knows of his existence, or did, while he did exist. Is this the end of the story, I wonder. I have a curious feeling that it is not, that I shall hear — bah! I am an old fooL These men are speaking the truth ; the page is turned, and the rest — * The rest is silence,' as Hamlet says.' He was in a very saddened mood as he sat over his solitary supper ; he did not feel as if he could bear the light gossip and merriment of the public table ; and he was thinking sadly and scarcely eating when the waiter appeared. ' A man, sir, wishing to speak to you.' '' Who is it f ' ' Name of Rutley, sir — one of the fire brigade ; says he has no appointment, but is very wishful for a few words with you, if not intruding. I told him you were at supper.' *' Send him up,' Mr. Lynn said, wonder ing what the man could have to Bay 5 and in a minute or two Rutley walked into the room looking bigger and awkwarder and more sheepish than he had looked in his own quarters. CHAPTER XXX. — The Ghost. ** You want to speak to me ?' the lawyer said kindly. ' If you please, sir.' ' Then take a seat.' Rutley sat down sheepishly and twirled to have retreated to an immeasurable dis tance now that he was in the lawyer's prespnce. ' I had something to say, sir,' he said presently ; ' it's on my mind, like, but I'm almost afraid to speak lest you should think me a fool.' ' I don't think I shall do that — you don't look like one.' *? Thank you, sir ; you're very good ; most people would think me one for what I'm going to say. It's about Dettt, sir.' -?** About Dent ? What about him?' ?* There's something wrong — he ain't resting.' ' What do you mean ?' Mr. Lynn turned his chair quickly round as he asked the question, and fixed his eyes on his visitor ; but Rutley was warmed into his subject now, and went on bravely. *' I mean just what I Bay, eir. He ain't resting quiet in hie grave — he walks.' ' He what P' *? He walks, sir. I've seen him.'' ' Nonsense, man. You don't expect me to believe in ghosts, I hope ?' ' I don't know that I expect anyone to believe anything,' Rutley said, somewhat doggedly. ' It's true, for all that.' ? ?* I don't disbelieve anything you say,' Mr. Lynn replied ; ' I have no doubt that you-havw seen something or someone that has*warranted your statement ; but if you helped to prepare your friend, for burial, and he was known and identified by all Mb comrades ? ' ' That he was, sir ; and buried deep, too.' ' Then you cannot have seen him.' ?* I have, eir, and spoken to him. It was Dent himself, very pale and -wan — almost transparent, and be didn't go away like a mortal man ; lie just vanished. Oh, if he would only tell me what troubles him that I may put it right for him, I'd do it, that I would. I don't know why I came to you with this trouble, eir, but you seemed bo kind like when you were talking to us about him, that I thought you could tell me what vo do if I see him again. It troubles me sir — it troubles me.' The man was so much in earnest, and he told his extraordinary story so gravely, that the lawyer felt sure it was the truth. he was telling. He could see that he was strangely affected — it was preposterous of course — bnt imagination played strange pranks with, people sometimes, and this burly giant had a sensitive brain, in spite of his stolid appearance. 'Suppose you tell me exactly what happened,' Mr. Lynn said. ' You say you have seen your dead friend twice ?' ' Three times in all, air. Always in the same place.' ' And where is that?' ' On the heights, sir ; outside a house there. It was a place he was very fond of when he was alive.' ' Ah, and comes back to take a little walk there now he is dead. Is that your idea P' ' I don't think I have any ideas about it, sir. It's queer, and I don't feel that I oan talk about it to my mates.' ' Then you haven't told any one ?' ' Not a soul, sir.' ' Then I would not say anything if I were you — it may be a mistake, you know.' '? ' ' ' ' It isn't a mistake, sir. I saw him, I am sure of it.' *' Many people are much alike, my man,' Mr. Lynn said, with an uneasy feeling creeping over him, in spite of his common sense, which objected to the ghostly idea entirely. '? Height, manner, and dress, go a long way to making a likeness, especi ally at night Moonlight will transform one man into another in a moment' Rutley listened respectfully, and shook bis head reflectively. ' I've thought it out all ways, sir,' he said, ' till I've nearly muddled my brains. I'm not a clever chap, but then, again, I'm not fanciful. What I see I see, and I don't believe much that I can't see and touch.' ' And you have seen Richard Dent, whose grave you showed me to- day?' ' Yes, sir.' 'Well?' ' It was himself, juBt as he used to look in life,'' Rutley went on ; ' only dressed in some sort of white stuff, that made him look whiter and thinner than he ever did in life. I've been on the Heights a many times since he died, but it's only in the last three weoks that I have seen him. I had a mind to go to a parson about it, for I don't feel comfortable — there may be something he wants done, poor chap ; but you came: and when I heard you were asking about him, I thought maybe that you were a friend of his, and I thought I 'would tell you first.' ** I think you were right,' the lawyer said reflectively. *? You mi-jht have got yourself laughed at for talking about ghosts. No one believes in that sort of thins now.' 'I didn't, sir, till this happened.' ?* Ah, you won't when you find out all about it. It was moonlight when you saw jour friend?' ' The first time, sir, it was almost as light as day and I had come out for a stroll, being off duty for a bit. It is a nice place for a man who is fond of a mouth ful of fresh air, asXam, being a Cornish man, and a pipe always tastes sweeter out in the open. I was smoking and think ing — thinking of all sorts of things, and then my mind went to the fire, and I thought of poor Dent, and how we had buried him, and all the things that were said about him, and the message that had come from headquarters in London, when they heard of it ; it was read out to us, and it made us all feel proud to think how we were thought of over at home, and then I thought of how he used to look, and how lithe and strong his hands were for a man of his build, and of a queer scar that was across the back of ons of them.' ' A scar — what was it like ?' asked Mr. Lynn, as eagerly that Rutley looked up in surprise. ,:, ... 'It was across the back of his hand, sir,' he answered, putting up his big left .hand. ' Sometimes'1 it hardly showed at all,' but it started out sometimes, I suppose when he wasn't well or was tired, as scars will. I have a big- one that is sometimes white and sometimes -red, and it was the same with that one.*' ?' A streak going across from the wrist to the forefinger obliquely f' asked the lawyer. ' Yes, sir; slantwise like,' Rutley replied j ' I Bee you' know him.' .*' I hope .1 do — I hope to Heaven I do,' was the answer to this speech. ' I won't say did till we have fathomed this mystery j go on.' ** Well, sir, I was full of thought of him, and there all of a sudden he stood before me ! He looked straight at me, with his eyes wide open, but he didn't seem to know me. I was too much taken a-back to say a word, and we stood facing each other, and I could see every bit of him distinctly, and I saw the scar, for he put his hand up to his mouth — it was a way he had. I pulled myself together after a bit. It seemed like an age I had been staring at him and him at me, and I made a step for ward. * Dick,' I ' said, but he was gone. A cloud had come over the moon, and a sort of wind gave a queer eerie whistle, and there was nothing there — not a creature nor a Bound.' *' And you were too frightened to go and look for what you had seen, I suppose P' ' I was, sir, and I'm not ashamed to own it. I am not afraid of anything I can stand up to as a man should, and there's no fear in me when it comes to danger and work to be done, but ? ' ** Bat a ghost in the moonlight is a dif ferent thing, en ?' 'Just so, sir — it is different. I was troubled, as you may think, and I wanted to understand it better, and I walked on the heights again and again, trying, to persuade myself that it was fanoy, and that poor Dent didn't walk, but h« does. I saw Mm again, .and that. time I spoke to him.' ' And he spoke to you?' « Yes.' 'Well?' ' It wasn't much, six : he was there again, looking just the same. He seemed to spring '-out of the ground like, just by the gate of a white house up there. The kouee stands a good bit back, and there's a garden and. a wall, but there was not a soul stirring there that I could see. He stood just as he did the first time, and I went close till I was within a yard of him and stared at him. * Dent,' I said, ? is that you?' but he took no jaotioe. I Lad hard work to speak, for my heart was beating so fast, bat I forced myself to do it. I said his full aanw this time. *£iohaxd Dent,' I said, ' tell me what is it you \rarit — is it anything I can do ?' He shook his head, but he looked troubled, and I called his name ? Richard Dent ' again. He put his hand up over his forehead, and then he spoke. ? Not my name,' he said. * Not my name.' ' ' And was it your friend's voice?' ?'Oh, yes, sir, it 'was his voice, sure enough, and his eyes that were looking at me, and his hand that was stretched out, as if he wanted something that I could not {rive him. It was him and no one else !' ' I hope it will prove to be so. Go on ; what next ?' (TO BE CONTORTED. 1 