W. T. Stead's "Ghost Stories." That pressman of most peeuliar bent of mind, Mr. W. T. Stead (editor and proprietor of the £mac <f iteritt») has issued bis second budget of " Ghost Stories." The book juet to hand (wbioh is the New Year's extra number pf the £«ùu) ia hardly likely to make as muoh sensation aa did its predecessor, simply because we are not atartled by its appearance in Nineteenth Century journalism, as we were undoubtedly by Ihe fint lot of the "Ghost Stories" discharged at our beaii. Below aro < ^printed several of HrJ Stead's characteristic yams ; and, ;perchanoe, it the elaima of space are not too pressing, in the future we will yet print some others. The premises with which Mr. Stead starts along with hia "ghost" literature—that there is more In the "Unseen " than is dreamt of in the philosophy of the average sua, woman, orohild—may be sheerd readily admitted ; and that the study entai and spiritual life (or lives) of man promisu to he interesting, albeit dangerous in no small degree, is also a contention sot likely to be combatted. But, at the same time, there lurks a suepioion in the mind of the leader of these "Ghost Btories" of tbe old Fall Mall OautU editor, tkat sever did the latter lose sight, whilst at his uncanny work, of the (act that in a oommeicial sense "Ghost Stories," like anything sensational in print, were likely to prove a real good thing to the publisher. THE WHITBY HAUNTED HOUSE. Mr. E. D. Walker, formerly mayor of Darlington, oontributei tbe following narrative ofa ghoet that bausM his own home when he waa a child. His father waa a coastguards man, who married a farmer's daughter ic Sussex, and subsequently was sppointed to the little village of Goldsborough, fivemiles north of Whitby. Ur. Walker writes :— When we reached this plaoe it was found tbat there was no house of any kind available as a habitation for us, but after making numerous enquiries we found shelter in tbe wing of a farm house, which for some timB previously hsd been unoccupied. THl HAUJIial) sousa. We had not been in this particular house t more than about a month, when one night my father—coming in, as was bis nightly oustom, between 11 and 1 o'olock, as his rounds permitted—wai sitting io tbe little kitcbeu, aod was about to tike from the oven his coffee sud tbasl for sapper, when j ait as he waa teaohing to tbe oven tbe fender upon wbicb one of bit feet was resting, lifted np from Ihe hearthstone three times and fell agaio with a loud bang. Concurrently with this aotioo on the part of the fender, one half of a dooble-doored long chest opened thrte times also aod alammed to agaio louder, my father always said, tbaa be oould have dooe it himself. Mother, wbo was sleepiog in a room on the acune level, called out to father, " James, what waa that f" H replied» " Betty, I don't kaow ; it's Tery str&Dge.;" However, they heard oo more that night, Audf&lber; finishedbia coffee aod had bir pipe,'and went oat again. He tame in in (he morning, *nd aaid to hie wife,' " Tbat wai very strange thing laat. night, Betsy." hbe re juiced : 41 It was; it isirery strange. What could it be f He said: "I don't tbiuk it meant anything,!'and then "Did James (my eldest brother] hear it ?" Mother replied, " Tes, he did. That made my father think it stall more strange, but' solbi&g; further was aaid, and for aiauy nights he went about bia business as ùiual. 7HB LIFTING Of BIOSAKU PISTOL SHOTS. About a month afterward»! however, when be was out one night, and about half an hour before tbe time he generally came in, my mother, who was lying in bed asleep with me in her arms, felt the bed lifted three times and banged down on (he flooragain with a loud soiee. Simultaneonily with the bed lifting there were three distinct and very large counds of pistol .shota fired over Ihe bed. My mother screamed out, aa also did my brother James from upstairs, and ah. then lay in bed almost paralysed with fear, praying as '•'•he had never prayed before, for father to come in. When he oame she told him and said, " I dare not stay in the boase ; vi n ust see and get oat at soon as possible, ana i replied, "1 will do to." After she had told lum this, and while he was sitting and having lus pipe, he heard, and she also heard dis* tinctly, outside Ihe window, what seemed to them like two dogs in deadly oombat, fighting and tearing each other to pieess. Father said, " Do you hear that t" She said, " Yes," and then he also began to be a little soared. got his outlaas and went to the front door, bat oould see nothing ; and he mada up hia mind then that be would inquire about the matter, having up to this time kept his own oounsel. A Mrs. Bewick, a widow, who was living in another portion of the farmhouse, told him thst the last people who had lived there, said there waa something wrong about tbe house, but ahe personally knew nothing, although only separated by a wall. Within a week or two of this father waa down on the sands onedsv With mother (I was jut able to walk), sod were making their way from th* top of the chfi, when they met Lord and Lady Ifonjianhy, their way to the Lady's Walk,' where there was a beautiful grotto in which, they used to sit. Father raised hia hat to tbe Marquis of Nomnanby, -who said, " suppose you are the new coast-guardsman F He aaid, " Yes, my lord,".and told him his name. The Marquis said, " Have you got a comfortable houaafV- and he. then told hia lcrdahip briefly this Hory. Hia lordship'aaid, I have.haard'aoaiathing eboot'.thtt before. If is very strange that there it anything in it," and father repeatedthe etory. The Merquia then aaid, "You shall not stay there any longer than it is possible to provide you with afime other place. I will get my steward to at , opee But a oottage Iń/łJie viUage inxirder for ypu." In a little time after this my father got icto the cottage which Shu Marqois speedily lud made ready.:fot him. .But, meanwhile, alter father had spoken-to the Marquis, asd vfhile the oottagajmr beiftg prepared; ft was ipuod necessiry'by tbe owneri oI 'lhèTarmnouse, on father's' «présentation, to bring a jpiner in from Whitby to make some repairs an upstairs bedroom. ' t a suLx n«ai rain» is whit*. ; My brother James, then twelve years of age, wai upstairs with fcio/aadwhilitthe man was l^sy at the. window—b3~"kb"ew nothing, and having so »uijrWoń : ot tbe bnildmgUal! at s <fice a male figure,imped in white, appeared, iming apparently frodrhbwhere, crossed the mm, ana vanished i The joiner, affrighted,-' irew his tools down tnStuahed downstairs, iHewed by the boy James, • "who was ^Cream ig at the ton of hia votcer Father waa down- . airs, and the joiner told Un what they : had .«en. Nothing oould Induoe bim to go and fttch hia tools, and ultimiRly my father had to go for them. W» livW tn the louse in th filage for some yeara, IM-then my father waa «noted again, aid ' TOittb HDoatham, near , doer. After we Wbau there a lew year», And J had grown np to be thirteen ' y»™. my father, on the invitation of a Mr. Watson—who farmed tbe principal 1 farm on the eeta{ Lof the Marquis ef Hormr ^ iprough—agaia visited the, w I took me with him. • that ntturally cu*t up ftea thUU who Wtînto tbè'hpùie after ]» btaanp&sili;âqpjucf» to ńat we haj? lb. Wataon 1 replied; trolled,!" t i am glad, James, thai yeuŁav»*amedthat, - ' A " fewjyesrs " after.yon left', Mrs. Bewick, who had the other pairt of the house, died, and the house was repaired and done.up and let in its entirety to another man." THB 8KBLB10N UNDXa THfc HBAHTHSTOKU. " Before be entered info poEsession the new tenantiad the interior very much modernised, and atnongst other things tbe flagged floorin the kitchen was taken up, and of course the heuthatone along with it, and sudor tbe hearthstone wss found a human skeleton." Now, toy:father was a man who wonld bs the least likely to imagine anything of the kind. He had been Ibe flat in time of need te man tbe lifeboat, no blatter bow great the peril, and his occupation being principally carried on at sight made bim know no fear. During tbat terrible asd never-to-be-forgotten Whitsuntide stoim wbioh strewed the entire nortb-esst ooaat with wrecks, and aent boo res and hundreds of poor eailore to a restless ocean grave, SO or 81 years ago, he was the lint to get a lifeboat crew together at Redcar and go out to the Salt Soar through a sea tbat was unprecedented for its mountains of broken water, and bring off tbe crew of 14 men of a three-masted wessel which had atruck there. My mother died only rightmouths apo, at th, age of M, asd told this story up to ths time of her death, and had no doubt whatever as to the terrible reality of her experience. 